user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198105352834,Recommended,569860,32100057,Posted: 31 May,all,devon.dale1,"Thimbleweed Park is a terrific throw-back to old school adventure games.  The graphics are slick retro-chic which manage to capture an era of gaming without coming across as dated, and the game is full of puzzles that are reasonably difficult to solve without being impossibly obtuse.  It's a very funny game, with enjoyable diaglogue, and although many more of the jokes miss than hit for me, the script is so dense that I found myself laughing in spite of myself.  As well crafted an adventure game as it is a loveletter to the genre as a whole, I recommend Thimbleweed Park to all fans of the genre, even if the game skews toward those fans from the golden era."
,Recommended,569860,32229644,Posted: 6 June,all,KOT,"THE BEST adventure game I've ever played. And I've played my fair share of them - all the classics from Lucas Arts; modern ones like Technobabylon; some Telltale games before they got into their 'interactive movies' thing; lots of Russian adventure games from the 90s; even the old obscure, but still awesome ones, like Blazing Dragons on PS1.Not a single puzzle in Thimbleweed Park felt like it was a leap in logic - a flaw that every adventure game has. I've never had to consult a walkthrough or even lookup a hint, yet the game never felt easy (I was playing on Hard difficulty). I got stuck a couple of times, but somehow I always came up with a solution, which was very satisfying. And it never felt cheap, or stupid.And once you get the map you can move around the areas fast, unlike other adventure games. So when you're stuck it doesn't feel like you're spending most of your time watching your characters slowly walking around from area to area, forcing you to lookup a hint.All the characters were likeable and interesting, jokes were spot on, music was awesome. Bottom line - if you're into adventure games buy this now! Don't wait for sale, it's worth every penny. I really hope they make a second game and it turns into a trend!P.S. My favorite character, Ransom The Clown, bears a strange resemblance to my favorite stand-up comedian Bill Burr... Hmm, I wonder if he was an inspiration. :)"
76561198031994154,Recommended,569860,32705584,Posted: 23 June,all,vegard,"The old masters come back to celebrate themselves and the games they pioneered. Its brilliant!It may lack the focus and direction of Monkey Island, you dont get three trials or specific tasks like collecting map-pieces, rather you bumble about looking for stuff to do in a maniac mansion fashion. But you get to do so in a colorful universe with great pixelarts, fantastic musical score, high quality voiceovers and a ton of jokes.I really enjoyed this and highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,569860,30861962,Posted: 31 March,all,SunDrippedDevil,"This game is like a lost LucasArts adventure game. It plays like a hybrid between Monkey Island 2 and Day of the Tentacle. The bizarre and delightfully odd writing is exactly like the two as well.It's not too difficult at the hardest difficulty (the puzzle solutions aren't counter-intuitive) and I would say that it is 10 - 15 hours long on average. I am very happy with my purchase, after having finished it on the hardest difficulty (which is what you should do. The Casual mode removes almost half of the games puzzles, items and environments).Definitely recommended. Must buy for LucasArts fans."
,Recommended,569860,30842510,Posted: 30 March,all,thiz,"I'm a simple german guy,I see a Point & Click made by Ron Gilbert,I buy."
,Recommended,569860,32785877,Posted: 25 June,all,VonBlade,"It is like the best writing and characters from the classics like Monkey Island and Loom, blended with some modern gaming tropes, to produce the closest thing to a lost Lucasarts game it's possible to have.If you've got even the tiniest bit of nostalgia for old point-n-clicks, or no nostalgia but love adventure games, this is the one for you. Brilliant.The signals are strong tonight.Edit now I've finished it- If anything I undersold it. It is spectacular and instantly finds a home with ""give clown stylish confetti"" and ""it's a good thing I brought my pocket protector"" in gaming history."
,Recommended,569860,30931688,Posted: 3 April,all,Modo,This is the game that we fans of the old-school LucasArts adventure games were waiting for. Nothing else needs to be said.
,Recommended,569860,30891673,Posted: 1 April,all,Deimoks,"Another masterpiece classic SCUMM point&click adventure by Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick, you can be damn sure I recommend it. I enjoyed every minute of it, felt like 25 years ago. Now, I'm old again."
,Recommended,569860,30838701,Posted: 30 March,all,seguso,"After 27 years, the genius who created Monkey Island comes back and shows everybody how it's done.  Ron Gilbert is the master of puzzles and of humor. He has rejoined with the creators of Zak mcKracken and Maniac Mansion to deliver a game that reminds everybody what a real adventure game is like."
76561198271326796,Recommended,569860,34204509,Posted: 12 August,all,pirouette_cacahuete,"Being a lifelong fan of Ron Gilbert's work, I might be a little biased, but I can't express how much I love this game. Thimbleweed Park is everything: it is brilliantly written, it has lovable characters, hilarious gags, witty insights on popular culture and challenging yet rewarding puzzles. Everything, from the art style and the music to details like the phone messages recorded by Kickstarter backers, contributes to create a special atmosphere and an experience that will be a pleasure from start to end. You need this in your life."
76561198328363440,Recommended,569860,30865467,Posted: 31 March,all,111crane,"Thimbleweed Park was an absolute look back to the time we all know and love in video game history as ""The 80's"". After playing about 5 minutes, I could already see the amount of work that went into this game. The story is well developed over time, the characters have personality, and the town's design well thought out. (Along with some extra LucasArts games references *wink* *wink*)In other words, I rate this game a straight 10/10 and would and will definitely recommend it.It's worth the $20, and then some!"
,Recommended,569860,32973976,Posted: 28 June,all,duckman,"This is a game where two legends gave it all. You can really tell. The world they've created is curious and the characters and story feels memorable. There's something very much americana about this game. It really captures the essence of a different time.Get this game and tell your friends about it. Cause this is not getting close to the attention that it deserves. I really hope we get another game from them, as this game is something special."
76561197965423892,Recommended,569860,30901360,Posted: 2 April,all,Vega,Best point & click that I've played since Monkey Island 2 in 1991.
,Recommended,569860,33055002,Posted: 30 June,all,The ☯ Zombie,"OMG, this is the best game I have played for many many years.I really felt like being a teenager again playing Zak McKraken, Monkey Island or Maniac Mansion again.I surely hope there will be more of this kind of games."
76561197974151545,Recommended,569860,32828631,Posted: 26 June,all,Bubu-der-Uhu[AUT],"Hillarious!After watching the trailer to this game i was sceptical if this adventure game can keep up with the good old adventures Lucas Arts was famous for.Now after abour 2h in the game I have to say its worth every buck I paid for it.Ok - the graphic seems a bit outdated and could ""use"" a higher resolution even for my pixel art taste, but its ok - gameplay before graphics is what made adventures great back then. On the other hand the graphics made with this low resolution is pretty good and reminds of maniac mansion, idiana Jones or monkey island 1/2.Pros and Cons:- Resolution could be a bit higher- The old fashioned ""give, use, push, pull, talk, walk, ... etc"" menu seems sometimes a bit clumsy. You can use right click for the most comon actions but for me I prefer the right click menu like in Monkey Island 3+ Nice Pixel Art Graphic+ Great Humor with many references to the good old Lucas Arts Adventure Games+ Even on hard difficulty its not to difficult... if you ever played the old LA Adventures you will get the hang of it pretty quickly+ If you are getting stuck non the less you can always phone the solution hotline :)))+ Be shure to check out the book in the Library: The real Secret of Monkey Island+ If you like Monky Island 1-3, Maniac Mansion, Day of the Tentacle, Indiana Jones, Loom, etc you will love this game - just buy it!"
,Not Recommended,569860,31160679,Posted: 15 April,all,Arantor,"OK, so I'm a veteran of gaming of the adventure kind. I played pretty much everything LucasArts put out and loved it at the time.The non-spoiler version, I guess: if you're a die-hard fan of the 1980s/1990s style of games and wish we were back there, this would completely be the game for you. And if I were the me of that time period, I'd love this game and recommend it to everyone that played adventure games because it's a solid game that exemplifies everything we know and love about the genre as it was then.The problem is, that's exactly what it is: a love letter to that time, unfortunately 20-odd years too late. I'm not the person I was 20 years ago and in fairness, it is exactly what it seems to be. I wasn't missold on it being a retro-themed game. I'm just bitter that it feels like it violates every one of Gilbert's own 'how not to design an adventure game' rules, whilst piling on the nerd/fanboy references.-----Now we've got the tl;dr version out of the way and the people who care about being spoiled are also out of the way, I want to look at what is wrong with this game, and why it is not the game I hoped it would be.Graphically, it's exactly as presented. I'm a huge fan of the pixel aesthetic and this really shines. The fact that they can use the power of modern graphics to do things not doable in the real resolutions of the day is actually cool; the ghost effects when playing as Franklin after his initial flashback works rather well to set the mood. The tilting of Ransome's trailer gives you a sense of immersion not previously really doable in such games.But from the off, it sets itself up in so many other bad ways.Firstly, the references. I'm a fan of the old games. Yes, I know Sandy and Dave were in Maniac Mansion. Yes, I know about the 1138 stuff. Yes, I know who Bernard is. I know about the SCUMM engine. The in-jokes asked at one point which profession was involved, be it flooring inspector, pirate, or leather jacket salesman. I got these. I got them all because I remember.I don't even mind the occasional wink to the audience, but when it's done gratuitously like this, where you can't move for references to things. It stops being an adventure game with a plot and starts being a love letter to times long ago. And if that's what you want in a game, sure, go for it. Unfortunately I wanted a game with a plot, with the occasional nod to the audience for fun.Speaking of the plot. The plot is a mess. I get the mechanics of the multi-player making it very hard to have, say, cross-person dialogue. I accept the mechanics required everyone to know things that they individually shouldn't be able to know. I even grudgingly accept the additions to each characters' todo lists to reflect things even when sometimes those things didn't actually reflect the individual character's motivations or goals. But at the same time, the plot is paper thin in places, and obtuse throughout pretty much the story's second act onwards where people do things because the game insists they do them, without rhyme or reason behind it other than the player can direct them to do things. Of course, this does make some grudging sense given the climax, but it's such a cop-out to hand-wave everything in this fashion. More, possibly, of a cop-out than any explanation given after the ending of Monkey Island 2. Big Whoop indeed (even referenced in this game)Though, I'll add, the todo list was a nice quality of life addition, with this many characters and potential lines of inquiry, it was a nice to have rather than expecting the player to track everything.Then we have the puzzles. Holy monkey bladders. I will admit up front that I'm clearly insane and tried it in hard mode, and that possibly explains why the puzzles are that obtuse but I refuse to believe this was anything other than bad game design - Gilbert's own list and various articles of his outline what good game design should look like, and I see no reason why this should not extend to the 'hard' version.There are puzzles that are definitely in the 'why didn't I think of that sooner' territory. And there are puzzles that I simply would not have solved without trying every object with every object in every location because it's simply not that obvious. I mean... the location of the secret bunker. There are so many things in that puzzle that just don't fit together as things you'd logically do to solve it. (SPOILERS AHEAD)Let me break it down. So there is a secret bunker in the forest. I was vaguely aware this was a thing. But to have to take Delores' trophy, collect some radioactive waste, put it in the puddle in the trailhead, wait for someone to walk through it and then follow the footprints. This is something that would have seemed like a ""logical"" puzzle in the 1980s. Unfortunately it's 2017, as the game helpfully jokes about on multiple occasions about what life might be like.And the problem with that being, the genre has moved on. What is considered 'acceptable' by players has moved on. Players who thoroughly favour the illogical hoops to jump through are firmly in the minority now - anyone who has played the Wadjet Eye Games will see the difference; none of those have anything like the guess-the-thing-to-use-with-the-thing games going on.I still remember the Old Man Murray article that Gilbert referenced on occasion, that 'adventure games killed themselves' with the breakdown of a puzzle from Gabriel Knight. This is exactly what this feels like, a series of things that just happen to work together that don't actually connect except laterally. Gilbert himself stated on multiple occasions that he wanted to set up for the style of puzzle where the player has a problem and has to go find the thing to solve it, rather than being expected to collect everything along the way and somehow be expected to know when to use it - but here even tagging everything along didn't help in the slightest. I don't, for example, know if pewter can withstand radioactive waste - it certainly wouldn't have occurred to me as a first, second or even third thought.Then there's the thimbleberries. I find this particular puzzle annoying for the wrong reason. I haven't tested it but I find it suspicious that the route to the thimbleberry bush is eeriely similar to a certain set of instructions that could be dancing lessons from a map written in 1990... It was the first thing I tried and it led me straight to them. To say that was disappointing...And this leads me onto the ending. The ending is horrible. Utterly horrible. It undermines everything the game set itself up for. We had a cast of characters that were annoying to various degrees - but I at least cared about the outcome of them. I wanted Reyes to get his closure. I wanted Ransome to get redeemed (hoping that the interview with Natalie would somehow do this). I didn't know until quite late what Ray's real objective was, and finding out actually undermined her, she seemed like a good agent for the most part (though where she said that all she did was as little work as possible didn't help her at all!)But I had a cast of characters I had some investment in. And then the finale killed whatever investment I had. Closure for Franklin was nice but overshadowed by the Big Reveal. Reyes getting his closure by way of the newspaper was valid, though it irked me that he didn't keep his promise to Willie and that we didn't actually 'solve' Boris' murder as far as the sheriff-a-reno was concerned. (Also, the a-reno, a-who and a-boo thing was stupid. Very stupid. And it didn't really answer the point from the journal that the coroner had been fired and replaced. Though the coronor was even worse at his job than the sheriff, and that irked me too)Lots of nice ideas and some technically excellent execution but it's the wrong end of a time warp for me. Wrong end of a time warp and in search of a plot. Shame, too. I really wanted it to not be that."
,Recommended,569860,30979916,Posted: 6 April,all,FluffyQuack,"Pros:Nice pixelart with fancy, modern lighting and shaders sprinkled in. The backgrounds in particular look really nice. Overall, the graphics looks like a LucasArts adventure game made today if they were completely oblivious to the introduction of 3D graphics and high resolution monitors. In other words, it's how graphics should have evolved.Since it was a low budget game, I expected the duration to be short, but it ended up being fairly lengthy.Though I don't think it comes close to games like Monkey Island 2 and Day of the Tentacle, the dialogue is pretty well written. What drags it down is an unnecessary barrage of references, and some character quirks which become tiring after 5 minutes. *bleep*-a-reno indeed.Verbs! Dialogue trees! Inventory with tons of items to pick up! It's extremely old-school mechnically but works very well. A reminder that a lot of modern adventures have gone a bit too far with streamlining and simplifying the genre.Cons:Story has an intriguing start, but the direction it goes in feels very arbitrary and the ending especially is very lackluster.Not many interesting characters, and the playable characters in particular feel very one-sided and uninteresting. Please don't let make me play as that *beeping* clown again.The act structure works against the game. The entire game takes place in the same area but the game arbitrarily denies you access to certain rooms until you hit certain story points, so many puzzles you can only half-way finish until you finish up other puzzles first (and it's not always apparent which sequence of puzzles the game wants you to work towards). The structure feels like a weird mix of Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island 1 when it should have gone all in with one of the styles.The multiple playable characters feel like an extremely underused feature. Most of the playable characters could have been removed with minimal effect on puzzles, dialogue, and story. Especially the clown. Oh, why is the clown there. Just please let me buy some DLC which removes the clown from the game.Despite the many flaws I enjoyed the game overall, and I hope the developer continues making more adventure games. If you're a die-hard LucasArts fan this game is a very easy recommendation."
,Recommended,569860,31603722,Posted: 7 May,all,krayzkrok,"I think Terrible Toybox nailed this. They pitched it on Kickstarter as a forgotten point and click adventure from the early 90s, and that's what they delivered. The engine and UI are quite a bit better than those earlier SCUMM-engine games, but it feels right. I admit I never played Maniac Mansion, the inspiration for Thimbleweed Park, but I can see I probably would have enjoyed it. In Thimbleweed Park you control five separate characters, each introduced gradually in the early stages of the game. At first they almost feel superfluous, the first two characters Rey and Reyes are interchangeable and even say the exact same things when you interact with objects. I found this rather disappointing, especially as half the fun is hearing all the responses you get from interacting with the world in different ways. In some ways the game might have been better with just one character at first. Fortunately things quickly improve as more characters are introduced, and each takes on their own personality. It won't be long before you realise you're getting quite attached to them.There are plenty of puzzles to solve, often involving more than one character, but fortunately each character has his/her own diary which keeps track. I never found myself completely stumped about what to do next, although I did get somewhat stuck in a few places. Most of the time I came back the next day and figured it out, and only once did I have to check a hint guide (incremental hints) which gave me enough of a clue on where to go next. I can live with that!The ending is going to be divisive. Frankly my initial reaction was one of disappointment once the game's intentions were revealed, perhaps because it felt like a cheap way of resolving a few of the town's mysteries. Yet playing through those final moments, knowing where it was all going, ended up being quite satisfying, even emotional.I played two point and click adventure games lately, this and Paradigm. Both are excellent in different ways. Paradigm is considerably funnier, but Thimbleweed Park has better puzzles. Both are recommended. And to think they once declared the adventure game was dead, hah."
,Recommended,569860,33717532,Posted: 22 July,all,icn,"You know that feeling when you find one last exemplar of your favourite chocolate bar under your bed? It hasn't been produced since your childhood. So, you expect it to taste a little off, but what the hell, man, it is what it is. Nobody is getting younger. When you take a bite you suddenly realize that you are not on your bed and this is not your favourite chocolate bar. You are in a michelin star restaurant, that somehow reminds you of your grandma's appartment. You get your favourite meal prepared by Jamie Oliver and Gordon Ramsay and while you have a friendly chat with Jamie about signals and pillow factory fires, Gordon hilariously insults people on the other tables while wearing a clown outfit and holding a red balloon. All of this is documented by Agent Scully. Also there are ghosts.That is pretty much what it feels like to play Thimbleweed Park."
76561198083749858,Recommended,569860,30874102,Posted: 1 April,all,Nbyrd291,"I haven't finished it yet, but I can tell you that Thimbleweed park is the game that Lucasarts adventure fans have been waiting for. Too many modern adventure games feel like they are over too quickly due to short game length, few locations, and easy puzzles. This game will fill out your inventory slots again, make you experiment with multiple characters, and introduce you to an entire town (and eventually, Tri-County Area) with many locations to explore.  Topping it all off, the game has the same beloved sense of humor, art style, (the guy who did much of Lucasart's adventure game art, Gary Winnick, returns!) and music you are used to from the Lucasarts brand. A must buy for any one thirsting for some late 80's - early 90's adventure gaming."
,Recommended,569860,33039949,Posted: 30 June,all,alouette,"If you miss playing a good point & click puzzle game like Monkey Island, then look no further... Thimbleweed Park is the game you're looking for. I definitely recommend this game! It's funny, it's full of witty jokes & the plot twist at the end, oh man.. you just have to play it!"
76561198135721687,Recommended,569860,30923704,Posted: 3 April,all,sebastiantz,To keep it shortPro+Mostly good Puzzles+Nice Artworks+Good Soundtracks and Voiceacting+Nostalgic Feeling and awesome references to old Games-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Story with a few lose ends-The last few Chapter are feeling like they are rushed and kind of Mindless
76561198380897653,Recommended,569860,32098367,Posted: 31 May,all,dmejias,"Amazing game. Many puzzles and mysteries to solve. Cool story. If you like Maniac Mansion, you'll love this one. Can't wait for these guys next game!"
76561198024050562,Recommended,569860,31675803,Posted: 10 May,all,Spyder,"Thimbleweed Park is a point-and-click adventure game created by Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick, two game developers who worked on games like Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island.Thimbleweed Park takes place in, as the name suggests, the town of Thimbleweed Park, which has a population of 80 people. The first two playable characters are satirically based on Fox Mulder and Dana Scully from The X-files. Agent Angela Ray is the senior, experienced ""no nonsense"" detective, while Antonio Reyes serves as the young, aspiring detective. Both detectives are charged with investigating a murder that happened on the bridge outside of town. Including the two agents, there are 5 playable characters total, but the other 3 come at a later time.The characters are interchangeable, though their dialogue only changes slightly when asking questions. In most adventure games, I often find it tiresome and odious when I'm required to switch characters to do certain puzzles while carrying specific items, but Terrible Toybox nailed this concept down. It doesn't matter which character is carrying what, since all puzzles can be solved by any character. Items can be traded with characters as well.The biggest feature of this game is that there are no game overs, you cannot die, and you cannot screw yourself over by putting yourself in an unwinnable situation (*cough* King's Quest 5 *cough*). Terrible Toybox specifically tailored the game so that you will be able to solve any puzzle without consequence. The game has two modes, Casual and Hard, but this only means that there are more complicated puzzles to solve in Hard. Some puzzles can be difficult, but all of them are logical, so there's no need to use items on every single corner of the screen like in the old days. The game's characters are interesting and well-written with pretty good voice acting. Everyone has their own little quirk, and the writing is clever, snarky, and funny at the same time. Willie ended up becoming my favorite character.My grievances with the game are slight. Personally, it took some time for me to get used to the UI and commands. Commands like ""push"" and ""pull"" felt redundant when you can simply right click on something to do the action with ""use"". There are some items in Casual mode that are only used in Hard mode, and will sit in your inventory for the entirety of the game.Additionally, there are a few puzzles in Casual mode that might cause you to overthink. For a non-spoiler related example, early on in the game Ray and Reyes need county maps in order to explore the rest of the tri-county area. You can find a genuine county map, but it needs to be printed. The printer says that it requires a nickel to use. In order to get the nickel, you need to recycle a bottle at the Quickie Pal. Since I had a whiskey bottle in my inventory, I tried to trade it in at the clerk, but had no luck. I spent about 20 minutes looking for a different bottle before I realized that I could just print the map with no cost. Perhaps I was overthinking it, but I felt like an idiot for trying to solve a puzzle that wasn't even in my game mode.Finally, there's the ending. I'm not going to give it away, but I think it's going to leave some people dissatisfied; not because it's poorly written, but because it's so...unorthodox.Barring some minor frustrating details, this is the most fun I have had with an adventure game for a long time. I give it a 9/10."
,Not Recommended,569860,31333119,Posted: 23 April,all,DogdaySunrise,What started as an engaging throwback stumbled through ham-fisted 4th wall breaking and declining puzzle quality to an utterly disappointing ending.
76561198006574948,Recommended,569860,34696589,Posted: 2 September,all,flyingboat,"Definitely a fun game, with a ton of throwbacks to the original Monkey Island series. I played the game from start to finish on hard mode, and the in-game hint hotline proved exceptionally helpful through difficult times in the game. My only complaint with the game however was the length. I completed the game in 9 hours and 6 minutes, even after spending considerable amounts of time lost in game. I don't really know if it would be worth it to buy this game at the full price, but definitely pick it up if it's on sale! The game play was 9/10, I'm just not convinced its worth the price for less than 10 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,569860,30840010,Posted: 30 March,all,AZAMADAFAKA,"Have almost 2 hours in it, and i LOVE it! Waited so long for another LucasArts typed experience,cheers for Ron Gilbert and the rest of the Thimbleweed team for making this game happen. If u are a fan of the classic point and click adventure games, u must play with this one. I recommend! 1luv from Budapest, Hungary."
,Recommended,569860,30849300,Posted: 31 March,all,Suule,"When I first heard of Ron Gilbert's new adventure I was very sceptical. The failure that was Broken Age made me weary of yet-another-old-dev-bringing-back-the-magic. I did not donate to the kickstarter at that time but closely observed the making of the game through various media. The closer the premiere the more I felt like it was a good investment.The game is weird, but in a good way. I expected a bit less surreal humour, but instead of something akin to Maniac Mansion, I got something closer to Zak McKraken. It has that nice touch of horror/tension to it. Even with the 4th wall breaking humour it has that aura of creepiness that X-Files/Twin Peaks had of small Americana towns where the outsider is usually not sure what to see as weird and what to see as normal.The gameplay is a throwback to classic SCUMM adventure games with the same array of verbs at our disposal, but don't be fooled - this game was not written in AGS, but has been coded from grounds up, which is an achievement cause it looks damn gorgeous at times. The only thing I can find negative is that when you're doing pixel art, don't make it move so smoothly, ruining that whole chunky pixel feeling.As far as the sound design goes - props to voice actors. Very good voice acting - Reyes newbie enthusiasm, Ray's sarcastic and tired veteran commentary, Ransome's Krusty-like voice... the characters are very much alive thanks to all of that. Music is quite good and gives the nice atmosphere, but sometimes, just sometimes it's way too faint to hear it properly. Sound bug?As for the story... can't say much - it's a murder mystery but I'm loving it so far. The biggest problem so far is that sometimes the 4th wall breaking jokes get a bit too tiresome in one conversation. There's a lot of nice Lucasfilms tribues that anyone that follow Lucasfilms/Lucasarts should recognize but the subtle references are better than the in-your-face ones. There's a ton of side-stuff to do and the dialogue options are great to explore so definitely a good game in that regard. Oh and no character deaths... yet.So the bottom line is: Was it worth it? Is it worth it? For adventure game fan? Yes. For a newbie... no. The game requires a certain logic. Mind you I have not checked the causal mode because I always went for the Mega-Monkey in Monkey Island games, but it might be a bit easier there. Overall the game just requires you to think in that surreal fashion like back in a day. Analyze the clues and work out solutions. It's not that hard but a newbie is gonna quickly get lost.The pricing of a game could be $5 dollar lower IMO, or at least the Euro price could be adjusted so it's lower than $20. But I'm not complaining. These days a $20 game can have so little content it hurts. This is not the case.Pros:Many playable charactersAmazing atmosphereGorgeous pixelart graphicsGreat voice actingInteresting plot that pulls you inCons:The graphics are a bit too smooth for the resolution they try to imitateSome of the fourth-wall breaking jokes a a bit annoying and overdoneIn Europe you need to pay over $20 to get it, breaking Guybrush's law."
76561197987448010,Recommended,569860,30954547,Posted: 4 April,all,Rubakai,"Great Game, no complaints- Good puzzles- Some funny lines & characters- Something different- Works with no problems (for a change)- Good Length"
,Recommended,569860,33017069,Posted: 29 June,all,armselig,"If you liked all the old LucasArts point & click adventures (or Sierra as well), this is a MUST PLAY! I love this game."
76561197970327013,Recommended,569860,30929656,Posted: 3 April,all,absynth,"This has restored my faith in humanity and game developers. I am only an hour in, but it plays just like LucasArts games, with a couple nice extra features (like speeding up the walking, because we all hated to wait until Guybrush had walked what seemed like two miles in one screen).If you played any LucasArts games up to and including Monkey Island 2, please buy this game. You will enjoy it."
,Recommended,569860,30856610,Posted: 31 March,all,NeverwinterMoon,"The point-and-click adventure genre almost died at some point, then it came back. Sadly, it wasn't the same again... up until now. Thimbleweed Park offers the classic point-and-click adventure experience I grew up with!The game mimics the same UI/UX as most of classic Lucas Arts games had (no surprise here, really, considering who made it), but it's missing one very important feature that was present in such amazing games as the original Monkey Island and the Maniac Mansion - they allowed to toggle commands (give/push/pull, talk, etc) with one of the keyboard buttons. Thimbleweed doesn't have that. This is the only disappointment I had, really. Otherwise, it is beautiful, it is huge, it is funny and captivating.EDIT #1Apparently, there are keyboard shortcuts for the verbs after all, but, unlike the ones found in the original Lucas Arts adventure games, they are not very intutitive. If in most LA quests they were just the first letters of the verbs: O - open, W - walk, U - use, and so on, in Thimbleweed Park it's Q, W, E, A, S, D, Z, X, C. WIth Q mapping to ""open"". There is some sense int that - as the 3x3 square of keys on the keyboard can be directly translated into the verbs displayed on the UI. Still, the original system was more user-friendly. I remember just pressing what seemed to make sense and it did what I expecte it to do. In this game I found out about the shortcuts only after finishing the whole game and writing this review."
,Recommended,569860,31199659,Posted: 17 April,all,Hug,"I am absolutely blown away with how much I am enjoying this game. While it is true I used to be a massive fan of Lucasarts and Sierra adventure games, in recent years when I play an adventure game, even those which are critically acclaimed I find myself losing focus and end up feeling like finishing the game is like a chore. This I semi expected to be similiar, but to my delight I can't wait to play it again each time I take a break. Very funny game with a lot of awesome Easter eggs and nods to Ron Gilbert's older games and the adventure genre in general. And if you thought the movie Deadpool broke the fourth wall a lot, it has nothing on this."
76561198004814716,Recommended,569860,31541075,Posted: 4 May,all,ChronoShades,"I will type whatever I need to in this box so you will buy this game... the more money we throw at Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick, the more we can leverage their greed to keep creating fantastic adventure games.If you remotely enjoyed any of the classic LucasFilm/LucasArts adventure games; buy Thimbleweed Park.If you enjoy challenging puzzles; buy Thimbleweek Park.If you have anything remotely close to a sense of humor; BUY THIS GAME!!!Seriously... I could not put it down. Great graphics, voice acting, story, and possibly the best puzzles of any of the classic adventure games I've played (and I'm pretty sure I've played them all)."
76561197960620414,Recommended,569860,30946644,Posted: 4 April,all,Tco,"In the Secret of Monkey Island we all learned never pay more than 20 bucks for a computer game. I feel like I heavily underpaid for this game.The nostalgia in this masterpiece brought me back in time several times - the graphics, storyline, jokes and LucasArt-feel felt like a warm hug from the past.10/10 with rice."
,Recommended,569860,33138981,Posted: 2 July,all,BktJ Taikobo,"The Monkey Island you've never played you wish you'd discover in your old game box.This game is great and enojyable and it is not that easy (if you factor out the hint system, which tells you literally everything you need if you happen to get stuck) even at casual difficulty. I loved it."
76561197998334516,Recommended,569860,30872674,Posted: 1 April,all,marty.emmanuel,"The great:- Finally, a true point and click game after 20 years- It's huge- The art and mood are fantastic- They struck the right balance between retro pixel art, and using modern rendering (the parallaxing is awesome)- The story is great (so far, I'm in chapter 3)- It's genuinely funny- 4 hours in, I completed only about 20% of the game (if the achievements are any indication), without walkthrough obviouslyThe pretty bad to downright inexcusable from the creator of the genre:- Many points of the game refer to, or give you puzzle solutions for, things you haven't discovered yet. This sometimes is really confusing (from the very beginning - the very first action you can do, refers to an item in your inventory that wasn't even introduced if you didn't click on it)- The default right-mouse click action on objects is most of the times useless/downright annoying. So you're forced to pick a verb and then click the object, for things that have an obvious action (which is most objects). A number of objects are packed close together and have small hitboxes, so this is even more aggravating when you have to pick a verb and then slightly miss the object, even on a 30"" screen. Can't imagine what it will be like on a tablet.- The dolores intro/flashback scene. It brought the game to a standstill and it was my least favorite puzzles so far.- While the game world is huge, it feels pretty empty. Most things in scenes cannot be clicked on; even just to give some humorous text (even generic, if VO cost was a concern). Coming from just playing the DOTT remake where almost everything responds to the player, this was a big letdown.- It references maniac mansion and other LucasArts games WAY too much. Wink wink lampshading is fine, but there is way too much of it.- It is WAY too easy so far. Not the good kind of easy; the bad kind of easy where puzzle solutions are spoiled, or are super obvious. Probably the result of too much playtesting/panicking (note: I am playing in hard mode; I can't even imagine what easy would be like..)- The music in some parts of the game is really annoying- I'm not sure what the point of the multiple characters is, so far. 3 chapters in, only one puzzle action required using more than one character, and it was super obvious / automatically done by the game. Everything else in the game is literally the characters saying the very same thing when you do the same action on an object.Overall, this game is such a rare treat that I highly recommend buying it right away and trying to sip it (rather than swallow ti whole) so you can really enjoy it. A lot of things are disappointing considering who made it, but since this is such a rare entry in the genre, that makes up for the flaws, I think."
76561198261014674,Recommended,569860,34891910,Posted: 11 September,all,brato.useba,"This game is excellent. Where other new point & click adventures fail, this one delivers. It feels exactly like a game from LucasArts's heyday. And it is superfunny. Seriously, I've only played for an hour, yet I found myself laughing all the time, constantly curious what weird something-or-other I might discover next. If you like ZakMcKracken, Monkey Island, Day of the Tentacle etc, go play this game. Don't wait-a-reno.Edit:I played the game in hard mode, and it took me about 13 hours to finish it. The puzzles are not as outlandish as many game reviews have suggested. I ended up calling the in-game hint line a couple of time towards  the end, only to find out that the solutions I was looking for were perfectly logical and visible. Just remember you can push and pull things, and you'll be ok ;)The game stays weird and funny throughout. It takes a bit of getting used to having all these characters at your disposal and to understand some of them might do things other won't (yes, just make the clown do it). The ending is satisfactory - in this day and age not as mindblowing as it might have been in 1987 - you sort of see it coming at some point, and then you wonder, and you need to find out, and then you find you were almost on the right track, but not quite.Perhaps I should play it again in easy mode. There are a few specks of dust left unfound.Love this game. Want more."
76561198000088094,Recommended,569860,30915372,Posted: 2 April,all,GOObER,I had my doubts going into this but it has a massive amount of good reviews so I figred it was worth a try.Almost four hours in and I am completely hooked and amazed at the love and detail that went into this game. It is a pure joy to play a game like this since I grew up with all the old classics. This lives up to all my expectations and exceeds them.Life would be far less fun without this game to dive into. Get this game and make your life a little better too.
76561198042941761,Recommended,569860,30841588,Posted: 30 March,all,Betelman,"I am loving this.Back in the 80's, I believe I had played every Lucas Arts and Sierra adventure game that existed.About a month ago I had a hankering to play Maniac Mansion and discovered the fundraiser for this game and was happy to see that it would be coming out soon.Thimbleweed Park is a awesome flashback to those days.I am in the third chapter and have found many nods to Maniac Mansion, Monkey Island , Zac Macraken and the 80's in general (how about the size of that cell phone).The humor is great and very much like it was back in those classics.Not too thrilled by the voice of the male agent but everyone else has been awesome.If you have never played any of the games mentioned earlier , you may miss some of the gags but there is still some funny stuff and you may like to go back and play them to see what you are missing out on.Fun Stuff!Thank you to the creators!"
,Recommended,569860,32804867,Posted: 26 June,all,timmyRS,Very awesome Point and Click Adventure game. You are definitely not making a mistake playing it through.
76561197995763935,Recommended,569860,30950583,Posted: 4 April,all,vermillioN! <3 ziiisH_-,"This game is awesome.I grew up playing a lot of the classic LA adventures like Indy:FOY, DOTT, Monkey Island and so on. Until today i really love playing point and click aventures, because they have a unique way of telling a story. Most of them have a really nice humor and are made with love.I was a little sceptical when i first heard about TWP and followed the Team on facebok and twitter. I really loved the screenshots i saw. The pixel art is really art here. When the game came out, I instantly bought it.In my opinion, it is one of the best point and click adventures i have ever played. The characters are unique and fun, the voice acting is great and the soundtrack is a perfect mixture between oldschool point and click music and quite modern music. I mentioned the graphics before, i admire the pixel art.If you like to solve puzzles, this game may be just your thing. If you dont like to solve puzzles, maybe you should not buy it. The easy mode is just boring to play for an point and click adventurer, and if youre not into story and puzzles, you may not be interested in this type of game at all, so better dont bother.But if youre up for a bit of a challange, and like it, when the solution is not always easy to find, you will love this game. The references to all the old games and characters is a nostalgic flashback and brings back good old memories. Ron Gilbert just knows how to make games. Please sir, continue to make games like TWP and make me happy again."
,Recommended,569860,31028145,Posted: 8 April,all,Cubeydoom,"Brilliant Classic game!!!If you played LucasArts games in the past, you will love this!I just finished both Easy and Hard mode, doesn't matter what I want to, just for fun!So beautiful Pixel Graphic!Quite spooky, funny and humours.*Beepoff*"
76561198061201473,Recommended,569860,31156086,Posted: 15 April,all,thepandalion,"Having grown up playing Monkey Island, I came to Thimbleweed Park hoping for a dose of nostalgia from that classic era of point and click adventure games. Thimbleweed Park certainly delivered that nostalgia, but exceeded my expectations by proving to be an addictive, mysterious, amusing little adventure in it's own right.  On a technical level, the game is a delight, the pixel style being reminiscent of those old adventures but clearly updated in a way that makes it shine and not look dated in the current day. Sound and voice-acting was excellent too.I loved the atmosphere of this game. Something I've heard Ron Gilbert talk about in interviews is giving the game a sense of ""place"" and that's something I really felt, the town intrigued me and was a joy to explore. It definitely has that creepy Twin Peaks vibe. I enjoyed meeting all of the odd and zany characters, especially the main ones you can switch between - Ransome and Delores were particular stand-outs, and I found their individual stories contained some touching moments as well as amusing ones.Puzzle-wise, I am often worried about getting stumped for hours on illogical puzzles in point and click adventures, but I'm happy to say I didn't feel like that with Thimbleweed Park. I played on ""hard"", though I would describe it more as the normal mode for those familiar with these sorts of games. I found the majority of the puzzles to be at a good level of logic, and I found that a lot could be solved by paying attention to the details of dialogue and conversations. A few got me stumped for a while but mostly in a way where I could go away and ponder on it, then come back with a new idea, and felt satisfied when I figured them out. Nothing seemed too obscure to me, nor too easy, so I felt the puzzles were at a really good level.There are so many cool little touches in this game too, particularly for fans of Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion, and even the fact that there are 100s of books in the game written by the fans who kickstarted it. Very cool.Overall my only complaint with the game is that the later parts felt a little rushed in comparison to the first parts, but it still took me 18 hours overall which felt like a decent length for the adventure.I would give Thimbleweed Park 8.5/10 just because of the latter part feeling slightly rushed, but all in all I loved this game!"
76561197970887820,Recommended,569860,31132700,Posted: 14 April,all,Mandrake42,"Thimbleweed park is an excellent old school graphic adventure by Ron Gilbert, who back in the day helped create some of Lucasarts most memorable adventures including Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion.As you can tell by the screenshots the game goes for a very retro feel graphically. The scenes and animations are quite well done and are full of life and detail. So long as you dig the kind of retro aesthetic the game is going for, it's a title that really nails what it's aiming at and I enjoyed it a lot.The sound is a little up and down, music and sound effects are great, but some of the voice work is a little dodgy. I should be clear, there is nothing game breaking here, just some of the characters sound off. For the most part the cast is well voiced though.As to the gameplay, it's classic old school fare, requiring you to examine things carefully and talk to all the characters to get clues. Most problems are of the use item on item variety and for the vast majority of them, they are very logical. Some of the old school games required great leaps in logic (Or a total absense of logic), Thimbleweed park is a game where in nearly every case, the solution makes sense. There are two difficulty modes, hard for those who prefer more challenging puzzles, and casual for those who would rather just persue the story.I'm not going to say too much about the story actually, as it's best experienced. It begins with a murder and two FBI agents investigating it. Both characters are playable and as the game goes on, 3 more will be added to the roster. Having 5 different characters makes for some interesting puzzles and you will need your team to work together to finish some of them. If you ever get stuck there is always something to be doing with another character, and its possible that furthering another characters path could open up the solution that was stumping you. Overall I found the story to be quite engaging and it gets deeper as the game unfolds.My only minor complaints for this one are some patchy voice acting and the inability to skip dialogue you have already heard.A really solid adventure. 8/10"
76561198072182182,Recommended,569860,35038528,Posted: 17 September,all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"A very good adventure that self-consciously stops itself from being stellar.What's good?  Rarely have I ever played an adventure so elaborate, with so many funny little interactions, with such tight programming, with so many neat surprises -- and even more rarely do I encounter quality adventures of suchlength(I mean long if you don't use the in-game hint guide, or look things up, which I did not).  The game is made long, not by mundane padding, but by countless lines of fantastic dialog, bizarre occurrences one after the other, and, of course, a parade of crazy puzzles of the old-school variety, the type that make your head hurt, but when it comes down to it, have solutions that were staring you right in the flippin' face all along.My adventure game-playing buddy and I had a blast playingThimbleweed Park.  We were even ready to call it one of the supreme classics.  But then . . . theendinghappened.  Oh no, it's still averygood game, a remarkable achievement on a number of levels; it's just that the developers sort of hamstrung themselves by being a little too clever.  As it stands, Terrible Toybox will just have to be content with adding one to the number of great neoretro adventures genre fans can enjoy.SPOILERS AHOY!Meta.  The damned thing is meta.  Again.  Even though the game story is a funny one, it's still a mystery, with lots of clever little snake's hands and subplots that . . . don't really meananythingafter the big, too-clever-by-half reveal of the game's ending.  Ron Gilbert, if you see this, and I know you won't, please understand that not even your crazy die-hards will let you by a third time.  This kind of thing -- it's laziness masquerading as smarts.  Okay, I'm done!  I feel better now."
76561197970364291,Recommended,569860,32789008,Posted: 25 June,all,The Rog,"I thought I was just getting a retro style Point & Click adventure game.Boy was I wrong!This is not only an amazing game, but probably the most fun I've had in an adventure game since Monkey Island 2!! (back in my Amiga days).And to top it off, all the easter eggs to the old classic games are fantastic!"
76561198063066056,Recommended,569860,33014897,Posted: 29 June,all,bionicfemme,"Ahhh! This game is so awesome! If you're fan of the old Sierra or LucasArts adventure games, this one feels like it never left the late 80's/early 90's (even though it takes place in 1987). I can't say enough good things about this game. There are TONS of references that you'll only get if you grew up in the era, and it's really hilarious. Most of all, I'm really impressed with how the creators got the old-school feel down. Very authentic, super smart and funny writing. Play it on Hard mode, there are a few story extras and paths you'll only see if you take the more difficult route."
,Recommended,569860,30985660,Posted: 6 April,all,feydk,The signals are strong tonight.
,Recommended,569860,31195460,Posted: 17 April,all,MagolFromhell,"Thank you,Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!Thank you for bringing back childhood nostalgia.Thank you for a great hommage back to the old days of pc gaming.These kind of games defined pc gaming.Remember, you where young. There was no internet. There where no walkthroughs or youtube solutions.We used to be stuck for days on a puzzle. But we did not give up, we asked our friends for help. 2 or 3 people surrounding our small crt screen!Hunting for every pixel, trying the most weird combinations. And the we found it!!! And the cycle continued.That was our childhhood pc gaming experience!! AND WE FREAKING LOVED IT!!Thimbleweed park captures these nostalgia moments perfectly.  I can not recommend this game enough to every 80's kid!9.5/10MUST BUY!!"
76561197990982328,Recommended,569860,33140108,Posted: 2 July,all,RealMork,you will like it if you enjoyed old school point and click adventures...The ending is really bad though and makes you feel like you wasted your time playing
,Recommended,569860,33117360,Posted: 1 July,all,Chrogion,"When Ron Gilbert announced his plans for Thimbleweed Park on Kickstarter, he wrote that it will feel like a LucasArts game from the 80's. For those of you who are not familiar with adventure video games from that time: They were awesome. LucasArts produced iconic games like Maniac Mansion, Monkey Island, Day of the Tentacle, Indiana Jones games based on the movies and many more. These games redefined what adventure games were supposed to be and they have a large followership to this day.The question is of course: Did Ron Gilbert succeed in creating another such game in 2017? The answer is ""yes, but"". And here comes the even better part: While the old LucasArts games were great, they still had quirks in them and the games industry has learned from it's mistakes in the past 20 years. Therefore Thimbleweed Park is not only a genuine spiritual successor of the old adventure games, but it also implements the current state of the art conventions in the adventure game industry. The puzzles are of good quality and if you are totally stuck, there is even a hint system within the game that you can use to get some pointers.If you like adventure games then I can wholeheartily recommend this game. If you are familiar with the old LucasArts classics, you will enjoy the game even more because it is full of in-jokes about the old classics and the 80's.This game is a work of love. Of love for adventure games. This one is special. While I doubt that it will have the same massive impact as the classics from back in the day, this game is certainly something that should be in the collection of a modern day's adventure gamer."
76561198218004151,Recommended,569860,34885301,Posted: 11 September,all,Treborbentara,"I must say i read about Thimbleweed Park being kinda so-so.I've decided to give it a thumbs up recommendation because of the puzzles, the characters, the humor, the music.It's a Point 'n Click Adventure made by Ron Gilbert after all. So it should be good.Personally i think these days it is difficult to make a very well done game like many companies did yeaaaars ago.This one in my opinion is a good start. It felt good but different from say a Monkey Island 2 - which i really love.Also I just want to say the ending really did not fit so perfectly to say the least.If you have played the game ot the end then procceed to read this big wall of text covered in black. BUT IF YOU DIDN'T PLAY IT TO THE END THEN DON'T READ IT...if you don't want to get spoiled!To be honest when i play a video game i don't want to be reminded that the world i am in at the time is just programmed to end at the end of the screen and everything is just not real.When i play video games i want to have the little enjoyment of diving into a world that is different so i can think ""ah yes, i can imagine this building/tree/hill/something being right around the corner because the character is in a city or something"" - this feeling of imagining how the world looks beyond the locked views.What the characters might do while i am somewhere else in the game / beat the game. Maybe even the time gap between 2 games of a series.But..this end here is weird in a kinda disappointing way because it does exactly that.I do love self referencing humor and when characters in games say ""oh hey, we live in a video game"" but they still live further than what they did in this game.And probably one of the most disappointing things is that you think ""oh, this guy seems suspicious / Oh i wonder what happens to the murder case"" and some other things. But you don't know unfortunately because of how the game ends.It's a shame they might not make a sequel to fix it a bit."
,Recommended,569860,30851294,Posted: 31 March,all,CAVENDiSH,"This is Point and Click at it's best.What a Point and Click game is all about.Beautiful pixelgraphics and settings, laced with an interesting story and characters.And this proves (and what I have always believed), that even 20+ years later thisstyle from the lucasarts golden era still works and still beats the crap out of moremodern takes of the Point and Click concept.So to all Point and Click fans, this is a must game and well worth it's 19.99 euro."
,Recommended,569860,30859787,Posted: 31 March,all,=A/S= FreeFly,"The best graphic adventure I've played in years. It still has some defects, and the overall level of the challenge is not as high as I hoped, but it's enjoyable, entertaining, and well-written. I wish they could announce a new chapter tomorrow."
,Recommended,569860,30850883,Posted: 31 March,all,mangadave,"Do not think about getting this game, just get it.Ron Gilbert and his crew have done it, done it right, done it superbly.Thimbleweed Park is one of the all time great adventure games and I can't wait to play this game over and over over the next decades, just as I have with Maniac Mansion, Zak McKracken and Monkey Island.It amazes me how playing it has brought me back to old habits: I am not going to look up Youtube videos or Google hints as I have done with basically every other game I've played since forever. The moment this game starts its charme grabs you by the brain and teases you to explore this mistery.Never before have pixels looked so lush. The voiceacting is actually good but if you'd rather do without it you can disable it. The puzzles are great and the dialogue is so very funny.I was so excited when it launched, I forgot I backed the game and bought it when I could have used a Steam-Key...Thank you and congratulations to Ron Gilbert and his team."
,Recommended,569860,33568708,Posted: 15 July,all,MartianTale,Quite a good game-a-reno
,Recommended,569860,30846450,Posted: 30 March,all,PatsDark,After 2 hours in i can already recomend this game to fans of maniac mansion especially. I'll write a more flesh out review eventually but so far i can tell you the pics don't do the game justice:* Super production values.* Charm.* Superb voice acting.* Lot's of references to maniac mansion and the genre as a whole ( will not spoil ).* Very interesting story and characters.* Cool puzzles.* Very cool gestures to the kickstarter people.* Very well tought out gameplay.* Overall exceeds my expectation.* Price is very reasonable for what you get.- Waited more than 25 years for this. How long will i wait for a new game from these guys . If they would make a new maniac mansion i would be absolutely crazy with joy. Only they can do it.
76561198030484047,Recommended,569860,31183216,Posted: 16 April,all,Tomgen,"Truly wonderful game, full of quirky, loveable characters and funny riddles in the tradition of LucasGame adventure game classics. Added layers of references and hints for those having played Maniac Mansion, Monkey Island and the like but well worth a try for everyone looking for good game design and character development.Great job by Ron Gilbert, Gary Winnick and their team. I do hope their studio found a sustainable way to finance this game via KickStarter and sales because the gaming community deserves many more of this, and they deserve not having to look for real jobs and keep making games as they note in the credits :)"
76561198006276098,Recommended,569860,31056472,Posted: 10 April,all,Samurai Cop,"Amazing game that feels like stepping into the world of a David Lynch film. Some of the background tunes make it very apparent early on, that it borrows from influences like Twin Peaks. It pays a huge amount of fan service to earlier LucasArts games. Which is either incredibly awesome or won't really strike a cord with you if you're a new comer of Ron Gilbert's games.Much like the original Maniac Mansion you're put in control of multiple characters. Personally, out of them all. I find Ransome the Clown the most enjoyable to explore and go through the dialogue tree's with. Unfortunately alot of the times each character will basically just repeat the same dialogue without adding anything new or commenting from their own unique perspective.As seems to be the case alot of people find the ending to be rather weak. Personally it doesn't bother me for the fact that it leaves alot of options should a sequel or expansion dlc be released. Most of the puzzles aren't to insane to figure out compared to the older games. Once in awhile you will come across a bit of a head scratcher but with a bit of thought an persistence it's nothing you can't overcome.Maybe the biggest complaint is a part of the game that requires you to go back and watch a very early kickstart video of this game. Which could be incredibly annoying to come across if you were playing the game offline for instance. That or just don't feel like searching the web to go back and find it. Not quite sure what the reasoning was for including that as a in-game clue...All in all the music is superb, the writing and voice acting very well done and fitting. Along with some great pixel visuals from painted landscapes down to a 1980's convenience store! It's a good trip and one that most likely won't disappoint adventure fans. Give it a shot!"
76561198122834236,Recommended,569860,31798284,Posted: 16 May,all,shellywankenobi,Best game since the golden age of point and click~!! Must play if you were a fan of the Lucas Arts gems: this stands head to head with all of them.
,Recommended,569860,30876993,Posted: 1 April,all,gully,"Highly recommended if you loved the adventure games of old.  It is a highly polished game with a great script and strong characters.  It has made me giggle a number of times already, which is not bad considering I am one of the most miserable person on earth."
76561197970526395,Recommended,569860,30857117,Posted: 31 March,all,JohnRC,"I think the highest praise I can give this game is that if it had been released by LucasArts shortly after Monkey Island 2, it would be remembered as another classic and an equal to those old LucasArts adventure games. Anyone who is a fan of those old adventure games will most likely love this game too."
76561198000212153,Recommended,569860,35033382,Posted: 17 September,all,Lolipop,"Thrown back 20 years in time the clicking adventure is just as fun today as Monkey Island, Day of the Tentacle, and Maniac Mansion were back then.Great dialogs, great story."
,Recommended,569860,31085180,Posted: 11 April,all,Elessar,"The lost masterpiece from the Lucasfilm/Lucarts era.If you consider yourself an adventure game player, you must experience it.It is a work of art."
,Recommended,569860,33401391,Posted: 9 July,all,Chukkzy,"Thimbleweed Park is a special affair, it is full with memories of people who shaped the genre in the late eighties, saw its highlights in the early ninties and had to witness how Adventure games became more and more rare, until you could have thought they are more dead than disco.If you played Zak McKracken or Maniac Mansion (or any other Lucasfilm/Lucas Arts game) then you will find a lot of cameos of characters, little jokes on the old games and the genre, like the Sierra habit of having the player able to die at any failed puzzle, which they tell you pretty early on that you do not need to be afraid of that.Thimbleweed Park is like a time traveller from the past, it has the old spirit but cleverly disguised itself so it does blend in more with modern days games. Ron Gilbert and his team did bring the genre softly into shape, without trying to do radical things like 3D graphics, but subtle stuff. For the not so subtle stuff, there are a lot of in-jokes and plays on old days games, which some people will hate and some people (like me) find funny to no end. But these can be turned off (in fact by default they seem to be) in the settings so you can concentrate on the actual story, should you wish to do so. If you loved the old Lucas Arts adventure games, you will love this.tl;dr: You have a setting if the toilet rolls go over or behind the holder. 10/10, the signals are strong tonight!"
76561198044316847,Recommended,569860,31837984,Posted: 19 May,all,MarshmallowThief,Must collect ... specks of dust...
76561198074185538,Recommended,569860,30840174,Posted: 30 March,all,hughda,"After half an hour of gameplay i am allready convinced that this game is worth every single penny! cosy soundtrack, lovely pixel grafx, jihaaaaa"
,Recommended,569860,31024550,Posted: 8 April,all,clifford,"A-w-e-s-o-m-e !!!11elevenI should have pledged a bit more during the Kickstarter to get my name in the phonebook. Such a great game.The ""hard"" mode adds a lot to the game. Even new places that you can't go to in ""easy"" mode. If you play it through in ""easy"" mode first, make sure to play it a second time in ""hard"" mode so you don't miss out on those bits."
76561198028008584,Recommended,569860,30898731,Posted: 2 April,all,Kirahvii,"After finishing the game, overall I would say the game was pretty good. Puzzles were nice, but I was hoping there would be a bit more humour in the game like in the Monkey Island. Although unlike in Monkey Island, I would say that every puzzle in the game made sense and the solution was reasonable. I liked the graphical art style, it really looked good, how there were some new stuff used for old style pixel art and the music was good as was the voice acting. I did also like the references to other games.I found it awesome that even the keyboard shortcuts for the commands were still there, like I remembered back in the days of old school point and clickers, such as q,w,e,a,s,d,z,x and c.Still though it is not a perfect game and here are some of the cons I had:Some huge issues for me were, the talks were unskippable, or at least I never found a key (which I figured would be esc), to skip any of the talks. Only in some minor parts you could skip cutscenes with esc-key. Talking the 6th time to same person and waiting for 20-30 seconds before you get into choosing dialogue is not something I really enjoyed.Another thing which in my opinion should be in the game is actually support for mouse wheel. I can understand that maybe it was in a sense trying to mimic the old inventory system, but for real no mouse wheel support for scrolling inventory in 2017?Third thing that I honestly wished the game didn't have is one puzzle that kind of requires you to do some pixel hunting. For myself I was kind of lucky that I actually accidentally spotted this, but I can honestly think there will be some people who will be stuck because of not having spotted this one item. A spoiler the item is:ChainsawAnd finally fourth issue I had was that I actually got into a situation where I had to load a save file because I did something and got into a dead end, where I couldn't finish the game, despite this being advertised so much in the game that you can never lock yourself up. Luckily a) I had a save file 1 hour back, and b) I could guess what one was suppose to do instead of being stuck forever. I sent a bug report to support for this issue, so hopefully it will be fixed. The bug/deadend was:At least with Delores while wearing the hat, you can give it away to at least Ken Thien, but only if you are actually wearing it.Still overall I do think it is a great game even with the small quirks, and hopefully some patches will be made for example being able to skip some texts and maybe the less minor issue of no scroll wheel support."
,Recommended,569860,32928400,Posted: 28 June,all,Sarcastro,"What if Lucasarts in its prime, made an Adventure Game based on Twin Peaks.Like damn good cherry pie and hot coffee, it's just as weird and funny as you'd expect it to be.It's happening again..."
,Recommended,569860,31087636,Posted: 11 April,all,SadMonk,"I loved the old LucasFilm adventure games. I grew up with Monkey Island, Indiana Jones and Loom... Ron Gilbert was a name that got engraved in my memory. So I was quite excited when I heard they were launching a Kickstarter for a new game in the style of their old adventures.In the meantime, I tried some other, modern adventures and was somehow disappointed. Although they were funny and engaging, I just didn't enjoy them that much. I thought that maybe I just ""grew out of it"".That is, until Thimbleweed Park got released.After some friends of mine totally freaking out about it, I thought ""oh well, let's give it one last shot"".And wow, I wasn't disappointed.The game looks nice, if you're into the pixelated retro-look (which it even jokes about itself. I love that.)The dialogues are funny and sometimes self-referential, fourth-wall-breaking and meta. Always in a charming way, no tryhard meme-harr-harr-awkwardness.The story is engaging and keeps you coming backIf you haven't played any of the old LucasFilm Adventures, you might miss out on a few referential jokes, but these aren't really game relevant.The two characters you start out with pretty much seem to have the same dialogues through a big part of the game, so this seemed a bit redundant in my eyes.I would wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone wo likes a good point & click adventure game.I found out, I certainly didn't grow out of these :)"
76561198052182092,Recommended,569860,32951004,Posted: 28 June,all,CptTime,"From the team that brought you The Secret of Monkey Island and Monkey Island 2, and it shows! It's as though you discovered a vault containing an unreleased LucasArts adventure game from that classic era. Fun, funny, challenging puzzles that can all be logically solved without having to revert to walkthroughs. An accessible hint system for those who are struggling. I couldn't rate this game any higher! I love it!"
,Recommended,569860,30988757,Posted: 6 April,all,Procyon,"It's been sometime since I last played an adventure game, and even more since I played a good one. The feelings this game gave me are overwhelming, a mix of nostalgia and fun. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes a good storyline and funny lines. I hope Ron Gilbert will keep them coming!"
76561198067640076,Recommended,569860,30984947,Posted: 6 April,all,AllWashedOut,"GTA V: ""We've really revolutionized gameplay by allowing players to have 3 characters to swap between simultaneously""Thimbleweed Park: ""Hold my beer...""Honestly a great game with a lot of charm and heart"
76561198005418839,Recommended,569860,30958817,Posted: 5 April,all,onemanlandslide,"I'm giving this a thumbs up, though if I were to rate it out of ten I would probably give it a 6. The storyline's ok but just when it hints at becoming interesting, it goes off in a different direction. The voice acting is passable at best. There just aren't many interesting characters which, for the genre, is a big deal. Unsurprisingly in a game like this there are a lot of in-jokes and period specific references, but it all seems a little... off. It's just not that funny or clever. There were things I liked but mostly because I miss this genre. It retains a lot of the frustrations from point-and-click adventures back in the day, and I guess that's the point. I did like being able to switch between characters but it was weird that they would only have conversations with each other during cutscenes. The rest of the time they just stood around in silence. I feel like the positive reviews are more because of the genre than the game. Had it come out during the heyday of point-and-click games, I think it would have been seen as average. Is it worth £15? I think that depends on whether you're a fan of the genre. If you aren't, this won't change your mind. If you are, it will remind you of better times. But then, if you needed a reminder, why not play the updated versions of superior games instead?"
76561197983645077,Recommended,569860,30937718,Posted: 4 April,all,WallsOfEryx,"I don't usually write reviews, but as a LucasArts point 'n click games veteran, I felt the need to give some quick thoughts on Ron Gilbert's new work. In short:What I liked:+ Graphics and design. That's probably nostalgia speaking, but I missed so much the big-headed looks of Maniac Mansion, joined by the good old nine verbs and inventory box.+ The gameplay actually felt challenging and satisfying. One major issue that I have with most modern point 'n click adventure games is that it often feels like I solve puzzles through exhausting the very limited options (few interactable environment objects, few inventory items, etc). Not here, though. The game world is fairly big, and there are many MANY superflous items and red herrings, so you get that ''Ah-hah!'' feeling way more often when solving puzzles.+ Lots of references to the games from LucasArts' golden age.You even finally get to use that one chainsaw!+ The game is genuinely funny and I couldn't help but chuckle at several points.What I didn't like:- Maybe there are a bit TOO many references to older games, many of which don't even try to be subtle. Got a phonebook? You can bet there's a ''Guybrush'' in there. Clown's giving a circus presentation? Won't take much effort to spot Dr. Fred and Edna in the crowd. Even I at some point started feeling it was a bit exhausting, and I'm a veteran of the genre! All these shout-outs are very likely to fly over the heads of newer players.- I'm torn about the ending. While I can appreciate what Ron Gilbert was going for with it (and the plot as a whole, really), I can't help but feel it renders much of the story completely pointless.- I think the multi-character mechanic was a bit underused.In conclusion:The game has flaws, but none of them are big enough for me not to recomend this game. I can't speak for newcomers, but it is a very delightful treat for point 'n click lovers and will always be remembered as a classic, and if anything you should buy it to give reasons for Gilbert to give us MORE."
,Recommended,569860,31002476,Posted: 7 April,all,zeuz,"Very good game, highly recommend. Isn't overly complicated however still keeps a certain quality to the puzzles that will still keep you stumped for an hour or so (in my case). The games sense of comedy is stale at times imo, but I grew up in a different time so I didn't get the nostalgia the were trying to tap into. My only other complaint would the sierra jokes as they seem a bit mean and doesn't have any humor connected to it. Overall I highly recommend"
76561197985000294,Recommended,569860,30946308,Posted: 4 April,all,ElhaTheKing,"This game is a true gift for anybody who grew up playing point and click adventure games. It has the charm, wittiness and humor of Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island series with some very clever and mind scratching puzzles to solve.The story and dialog is well written and makes you want to explore more to uncover the mysteries.Cons: Near the ending, I felt that the story fell a bit short (most likely due to time constraints). I would've loved for a more confrontational and climaxing ending with some very complex puzzles to solve.BUY THE GAME."
76561198189239986,Recommended,569860,30936259,Posted: 3 April,all,CaseHa,"Great adventure game, fun story and a great value"
76561198066877182,Recommended,569860,30842132,Posted: 30 March,all,John Larocke,"From what short time I've played, I can tell that this game has a great plot, writting and character development, just like all them classic adventure games. Make sure to understand the difference between ""a-reno"" endings and ""a-who"" endings, or it'll be tough to distinguish sheriff from coronerEdit:Ahh, what a journey! Just beat the game on casual difficulty. The puzzles were great, challenging yet fair, especially for newcoming consumers of adventure games. What I really enjoyed about the game is writting and dialogue! Agent Ray - who is always sarcastic and rather pessimstic, is always quick with a witty answer. Agent Reyes - young and ambitious, ready to prove himself and his honor. Ransom the Clown - hating and hated person around the thimbleweed park. Delores - an aspiring game developer, who searches for answers about what hapenned her uncle and her dad. And Franklin - the ghost, who just wants to move on to the afterlife. I fell in love with all of these characters throughout the game. If you want to play a good homage to the 80-90's adventure games, this is a good place to start. I am definately looking forward to playing this game on hard. The puzzles should get hard and comlex."
76561198006179467,Recommended,569860,33468025,Posted: 11 July,all,killa,"Adventure Game RevivalThe GoodGenuinely interesting, funny storyAmazing soundtrackClever puzzles that are challenging without being logic-breakingSeveral humorous adventure game referencesNostalgia overloadThe BadThe character ofFranklinhas little impact to the plot beyond flashbacks and is limited to 2  locations.The endgame""wire-frame world"" featuring the original Kickstarter assets for Thimbleweed Parkfeels like one long missed opportunity. Almost zero interaction, nothing to ""look"" at, no dialogue fromDeloreseven commenting on the environment.Character-switching mechanic provides few opportunities for character development or dialogue variety. Dialogue is often recycled amongst all characters.Overall, 8/10. Definitely worth buying, for the amount of effort the developers clearly put into this. Anyone like me who grew up playing LucasArts/Sierra adventure games will love this."
,Recommended,569860,33434668,Posted: 10 July,all,fe,"Thimbleweed is often compared as the sucessor to Maniac Mansion, but I'd say it's way closer to Monkey Island 2. Each character is very well made, all of them have interesting voices and back stories, even Ransome, the most obnoxious of the cast. Most of all, it's very inclusive.I recommend it to anyone who likes a good story, adventure fan or not."
,Recommended,569860,30858733,Posted: 31 March,all,TheDarkJudge,"Brilliant so far. Utterly brilliant, maybe a bit on the nose with old school references (which to be fair you would expect) But I grew up with Lucasarts, Sierra and the like so to have a really good old fashioned point & click adventure game in 2017 is fantastic.Hopefully Disney will see sense and give Ron & Co. The Monkey Island license back because there is definitely still room in this day and age for a classic adventure games.For £14.99 it's absolutely worth every penny."
76561198358343363,Recommended,569860,30866116,Posted: 31 March,all,mail,Excellent game! Hope they can keep making more of these good old style games.
,Recommended,569860,33749670,Posted: 23 July,all,Jasse,"Being a huge fan of Lucasarts back in their glory days, this game was an absolute treat. Not only from a nostalgic view, but also from a modern one. All the hallmarks of a classic Lucasarts adventure game is present in ""Thimbleweed Park"", and the story and characters are fantastic, with enough humor and nods to modern and popular tv series and movies to make it very enjoyable for those new to this genre.The controls are snappy and feel right. It's the classic Lucasarts layout, and even if you're not using a M+KB, it's still very much comfortable with a controller in case you want to kick back on your couch and play it on a larger TV set.Highly recommended."
76561197963684420,Recommended,569860,34116717,Posted: 8 August,all,Sprout,"Hit all the right buttons for me - nostalgia, great story telling, humor, excellent puzzles that sometimes took hour or day long breaks to solve, but made sense in hind-sight.  Highly, highly recommended to anybody who enjoys point & click gaming, and as an excellent introduction to the genre for those who've yet to dip their foot into this type of game.Definitely go for the ""hard"" mode, and avoid the ""hintline"".  Give your brain time to mull over the puzzles, and don't feel rushed.  The satisfaction from eventually figuring it out on your own is what it's all about!I'll admit some slight disappointment with the ending.  I saw the ""surprise"" coming fairly well in advance, but it was a bit of  a letdown in it's execution.  I didn't have a problem with the nature of the ending - just felt it could have been executed in a more interesting fashion.  I *really* hope these guys keep the momentum going with another game in this genre, as this was definitely a labor of love, and it showed, and I want more!"
76561198052636010,Recommended,569860,30949211,Posted: 4 April,all,Faygris,"This is Ron Gilbert's magnum opus.As a nostalgia-loving old-school Lucas Arts adventure fan, I was really hyped for Thimbleweed Park – and it didn't disappoint.The game bursts with millions of nostalgic hints and references to Maniac Mansion, other Lucas Arts games and adventure games in general.The characters are all likeable (in their own way) and perfectly written, voiced and designed. The story is ingenious and left me speechless. It feels like Ron Gilbert put all he had on his mind for the last 25 years in this game, not implying he's out of fuel now.The only weak spot I found with Thimbleweed Park is that it's too easy. I played on hard mode (of course), and never really got stuck with any puzzle for too long. I guess that isn't necessarily a bad thing, but I often found myself thinking that certain puzzles were just too straightforward and could have included one or two more steps to solve them.But apart from the low difficulty level (which didn't bother me too much) it was a hell of a ride to nostalgia..weed.. Park. ... No, wait, that sounds stupid, let me try that agai"
,Recommended,569860,30934506,Posted: 3 April,all,Xantica,Chuck the plant approves <3
,Recommended,569860,31327115,Posted: 23 April,all,Johnny R,"A true masterpiece, in my view.While playing, I have found no aspect of the game that isn't just magnificent.- Gorgeous artwork.- Beautiful graphics and ambience.- Takes you back to the 80s and takes you back to good old adventure games.- Just the right amount of clever references.- Intriguing and enjoyable plot.- The puzzles are not too hard but not too easy, and the solutions are (almost always) based upon logic and not item combination.- Wonderful voices and high-quality translations (I played with Spanish subtitles and they're just like people used to speak in the 80s)."
76561198165627203,Recommended,569860,32717885,Posted: 24 June,all,carina.chadwick,"This game brings back so many memories!I'm a huge fan of these kind of games, and used to play Monkey Island, Sam & Max, Day of the Tentacle, etc. etc. over and over again. The humor in it is fantastic.Thimbleweed Park is a great addition to these games and I'm the happiest campier that it exists. :)"
,Recommended,569860,30848001,Posted: 31 March,all,FockinUppity,"Guy made Monkey Island, Maniac Mansion, and Pajama Sam. Its good and has elements of a lot of his previous work with a sort of twin peaks vibe. That classic humour is there and a bunch of little refrences for those who are fans.Edit: ♥♥♥♥♥ geniousEdit again (spoilers?) : Blazing Saddles foreshadowing is coo"
,Recommended,569860,30849011,Posted: 31 March,all,boberro,"This game is the best thing that have happened to adventure games since Blackwell series. Take that Tim Schafer!Seriously though, it's great mix of Lucas Games aesthetics and advancements that happened to the genre. And a comedy! Like really a comendy, not some industry standard try-hard."
76561198022018852,Recommended,569860,30838435,Posted: 30 March,all,LeoLiuos,"I'm stuck in the game, I can't decide whether the toilet paper is over or under.I have the same problem in real life too, but the game is good."
,Recommended,569860,31012818,Posted: 8 April,all,Eraserhead,Thimbleweed Park is very probably the most Maniac-Mansion-like game out there and that's why I loved it so much.
76561198064724459,Recommended,569860,30844334,Posted: 30 March,all,Superb,RON GILBERT IS BACK! 'NUFF SAID.
76561198050273313,Recommended,569860,31225238,Posted: 18 April,all,ivanp,"A wonderful game.Great musicGreat atmosphereGreat storyIts got humor, its serious, its fun all in one.10/10 A must have"
,Recommended,569860,30849680,Posted: 31 March,all,Porkpie Delight,"Fantastic! I love it, and I cant wait to work my way through the whole thing."
76561197969252550,Recommended,569860,30849320,Posted: 31 March,all,Craven,Danke Ron!
,Recommended,569860,31405714,Posted: 27 April,all,Scarfulhu,The best dust collection simulator I've ever played.
76561198020990459,Recommended,569860,30838697,Posted: 30 March,all,Knaseren,Dont need to have completed the game to tell you all that this is the real stuff. Point and click adventure game when its best. 10/10
,Not Recommended,569860,31167395,Posted: 15 April,all,Ninj,"Positive points: A highly entertaining game for a few hours. Lots of amusing references. I was really enjoying it.The Bad part: If you want a coherent plot and a fulfilled ending, you're looking in the wrong place. Lame doesn't even begin to describe it after the first half. I have a bitter taste in my mouth after playing to completion. If you want this in a game, cool. For most, I think you'll want to avoid this one."
,Not Recommended,569860,33141349,Posted: 2 July,all,"Kane, Archbishop of Funk","Having finished this game on it's ""hard"" setting, I feel somewhat let down by the game. As someone who grew up on the original 3 Monkey Island games and Day of the Tentacle, I was itching to once again play something that possessed the same mix of story, humour and well-crafted setting. Perhaps I read too much into the reviews that described this as a story similar to that of Twin Peaks, but as I was expecting a similar setting, I was let down when the only thing which related to that was the odd reference to Stephen Lynch or cherry pie.Worst of all, the ending was absolute garbage."
76561198129472065,Recommended,569860,30871879,Posted: 1 April,all,TheDrunkHaggis™,Thimbleweed Park is a magnificent game and the very first pont and click game like this I have ever played using verbs to do actions. I bought the game after only watching 15 min of gameplay and the game is great the music is good the art is great and the puzzles are fun. However does anyone know how i get the official map to enter the county. GREAT GAME 8.6/10.
76561197978804316,Recommended,569860,30900016,Posted: 2 April,all,rareWhiteTRASH,"This is a wonderful love letter to the LucasArts adventure games of old.  Sam and Max holds a spot in my gaming heart.  Monkey Island will always be my favorite.  Maniac Mansion was an obsession.  Thimbleweed Park rests alongside those games, feeling like a warm cozy blanket of nostalgia.This game is how I remember adventure gaming to be, even though there are afew more modern design elements that make this a more technically impressive package.  In a nutshell, this is a tightly crafted point and click adventure game, with multiple characters and an engrossing plot-a-boo.  There are tons of nods to the genre, to LucasArts games in particular and a metric ton of easter eggs and ties to Ron Gilbert's own games.I cannot recommend this game enough if you are a fan of Maniac Mansion, Monkey Island or any of the LucasArts adventure game-a-renos."
76561197996551596,Recommended,569860,31020151,Posted: 8 April,all,Hekteur,"TL;DR version will follow;This is old school gaming done right. Puzzles are clever and only very few of them feels far fetched and only on the hard difficulty. The story might feel a bit senseless to some, but stay focused, read all possible dialogue and while it will feel really weird, if not disjoninted, everything is explained and taking time to actually understand Thimblewee Park and its characters leads to satisfaction and that ""what the heck???"" feel I expect from adventure games. There are many unexpected twists. Finding the solution to the hardest puzzles after spending a lot of time on them give that satisfaction feel people are expecting from those games. The game already received a bunch of updates, which proves the devs are hard at work and intend to deliver a solid experience. I really hope those guys are going to bring us more games like that in the near future!Pros:- The story has many ""What the heck???"" moments.- Many unexpected twists.- Creative puzzles, some easier, some harder.- 2 Difficulty levels will please both hardcore and casual puzzle solvers.- Old school done right.- Frequent updates.- The devs are using community feedback much to improve their game.- Timed puzzles are rare and doesn't push you towards optimal navigation speed to solve them.Cons:- Not much music variety.- 2 puzzles feels far fetched on hard difficulty.- The story might feels hard to grasp when not reading all dialogues."
76561198093601128,Recommended,569860,31026157,Posted: 8 April,all,Horne Lord,Really enjoyed playing Thimbleweed and has the exprerience you would expect from a classic adventure game.Took me back to my old C64 days! Without the loading times.Good buy!
,Recommended,569860,31063471,Posted: 10 April,all,Hypnos11,Great! Just great!
76561198006216942,Recommended,569860,31070351,Posted: 10 April,all,deveroux,"Loved it , feels like a monkey island,maniac mansion or an indiana jones"
76561198099869677,Recommended,569860,31003667,Posted: 7 April,all,asaptintin,Fantastic game for anyone that loved the old Monkey Island or Indiana Jones point and clicks. At what point is it acceptable to ask the creator for a follow-up?
76561198084156240,Recommended,569860,30932551,Posted: 3 April,all,*****c_hett,"Excellent game, really good production value, voice acting, graphics, story, etc. Nice flow of puzzles, not too hard, not too easy. Was only stuck once, everything fits nicely.One of the best games ever and probably the best adventure game at all."
76561198071929839,Recommended,569860,30970437,Posted: 5 April,all,omerosaienni,Get it if you are old school and love real adventure games. Not that rubbish tell tale does.Awesome job Ron.
,Recommended,569860,31012009,Posted: 8 April,all,8BitAirwaves,"It's hard to meet expectation. From waiting years as a backer to who created it, Ron Gilbert, Godfather of the point and click and now back in his realm. But if I'm honest, this game has smashed right through my expectations and risen above and beyond what I hoped for and imagined. It's like waiting years and years for a new record from your favorite band and somehow it's better then ever before, it's an entire album of new personal favorites.The story shocked me in how cinematic it was written, so well orchestrated I found myself pondering what a movie would be like if made (id see the crap out of it). The humor was what I worried about, could it cut it with today's tastes. Another strong yes, I laughed out loud dozens of times from inside jokes to the adventure gamer to just great wit. Then there's the insult clown who's voice acting is tip top and who's lines are legitimately edgy here in 2017. It's not PC and I loved it.The puzzles are magnificent. Put it this way- I got really stuck twice and in the end I was literally over thinking it both times. That's refreshing from a genre where more often than not you could rip hair out over-thinking and still not come to grips with what the game wanted. Not in this game. It's intuitive and I think I got held up or stuck when I treated it like adventure games past, only to realize I skipped an obvious or simple approach and find that was the solution.The characters and story intertwined beautifully both as an epic journey and as a puzzle solving team. In fact the co-op use of the 5 unique characters made it hard to feel trapped, anytime progress was thwarted I'd switch characters, make progress with them and return to the other with a fresh mind set.I'm sad it's over, the ending was hilarious, incredibly creative and actually a bit touching.This has to be the greatest game in my favorite genre, ever. So here's to the team making more and meanwhile, enough time passing so i can play it again!"
,Recommended,569860,30956293,Posted: 4 April,all,Beanchilla,"I haven't finished this game yet but I've sure played the heck out of it. I'm already eager to jump back into the game and see more goofy references, read more of the snarky dialogue and enjoy the puzzles that grow more and more complex as more characters are added to the story.This is a heck of an adventure game. Sometimes you'll get stuck and beat your head against the wall a little bit but it's charming characters and funny dialogue will quickly pull you back into the mystery.Well worth the price! Great game."
76561198085900799,Recommended,569860,30986156,Posted: 6 April,all,PringleLee,"What can I say, I had a great time playing this game. Really reccomend it to anyone who loves point and click adventure games. 9/10Only con is that because of the multiple playable characters, I sometimes got stuck not knowing what to do, cause some puzzles can only be done with certain characters and multiple items were spread across the playable characters, making me forget about the items sometimes. Since one is used to one main character, or atleast less than in this game, in an adventure game. Or that might just have been me. So in short a very nice feature of the game, the multiple characters, is also kinda a weak point cause it makes it harder to keep track of everything.Oh and sometimes you have to do a certain thing with one character, before you can do another thing with other characters, causing some unnesary time spending to figure something out, just to find out I can't do that yet, I have to advance somewhere else first.But I guess that's just part of the challenge with Thimbleweed Park"
,Recommended,569860,30988550,Posted: 6 April,all,Mental Lyptus,"It delivers on all the nostalgic wackiness i remember and hoped for. Its well made, the writing is awesome in its humor and randomness."
,Recommended,569860,31002857,Posted: 7 April,all,StruC,I like Point & Click games; I love Thimbleweed Park. This game is a masterpiece.
76561197968643019,Recommended,569860,31013464,Posted: 8 April,all,Deadmeat[DK],"This game is a brilliant tribute to the best 90's point-and-click adventure games such as Monkey Island, Day of the Tentacle and Zack McKracken. I played the game on 'hard' and enjoyed every puzzle to be solved on the way. The story writing keeps you interested to the very end, and the subtle humor is always present in various layers. If you know your old classics the game is also overflowing with references.All togher this game is worth every penny at 20 EUR and if you're a fan of point-and-click adventure there is no way around this game!"
,Recommended,569860,31070445,Posted: 10 April,all,Xcutioner,"I was a huge fan of Monkey Islands and Mania Mansion back in the day. This game is along the same vein and definitly worth buying. Its a fun whitty, odd point and click adventure."
76561197992596055,Recommended,569860,30982082,Posted: 6 April,all,iznogood,A funny adventure game with a interesting story and almost logical puzzles. It is a must if you played this sort of games 20 years ago. I hope the team are able to make more games in the future.
,Recommended,569860,30846293,Posted: 30 March,all,mikemty,Great story.
,Recommended,569860,30933636,Posted: 3 April,all,baconlaserbeam,"So great! This retro vibe is a feeling game has not given me in 20 years!  Awesome writing, characters, setting... Must play it!"
76561198000710280,Recommended,569860,30950261,Posted: 4 April,all,MonkeyHarris,Thimbleweed Park's total commitment and passion to the original LucasArts graphic adventure format and style makes it a joy to play.  One of the highlights of 2017 so far.
76561197973311902,Recommended,569860,30978724,Posted: 6 April,all,Malignant,"Very good Adventure game. Nice artstyle, Good Voice Acting , fun Story and good puzzles,  played on the hard mode took 14h to complete.Took awhile since few of the puzzles required to find certain items and even if I knew what i needed I might have tried with wrong character or in wrong chapter.This is the only negative thing about the game is that some items/characters/ progress of game work only together but you do not know this until you are in right chapter of the game.... (progress of game is divided in chapters). To explain this without spoilers... I Tried to Get an item i saw lying on the ground. Which the game had previously said is needed.. but didnt figure it out how to get it. only to find out later on the game that when in right chapter you just pick it up.....Having spend few hours on a puzzle like this is not the best game design.even though that was really frustrating and annoying i still feel this game is one of the great ones of adventure games."
76561198133812546,Recommended,569860,31068670,Posted: 10 April,all,sk00tern00,I spent many hours as a boy playing Zak McKracken and Maniac Mansion and I was very glad to see that this game is available. These 2 games were my primary souce of entertainment and I often enjoyed remembering the games. I was not disappointed - this game took me back! It has the same style of humor that other games have attempted to duplicate without success - there were also many references to the 80's and to the games I used to play which were amazing. I have always missed games such as this and I will continue to buy any that come from these developers.
76561198035693499,Recommended,569860,30859700,Posted: 31 March,all,JediJoe22,It's everything people thought Broken Age would be. 10/10
76561198037832231,Recommended,569860,30957587,Posted: 5 April,all,Punisher,"I'm not a game reviewer by any measuring stick, but I bought the game after watching ACG's review, and I love the game. Kudos to the team that developed this and I can't wait for the next one.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uevocc9mTGg"
,Recommended,569860,30997203,Posted: 7 April,all,Alejo,"I can't recommend this game enough.. it's simply amazing!For all of us old school adventure gamers who grew up playing Monkey Island, this is truly heaven.And if you never played an adventure game before, you will love it as well.The story is genius, the writing is amazing and the animations and music are outstanding.The jokes are very funny and even more if you catch the old times references!.I could go on and on but honestly, I'm at a loss of words. I loved every single thing!Now go buy Thimbleweed Park! you'll thank me later!"
,Recommended,569860,31003209,Posted: 7 April,all,mirage,"I bought the game without really expecting anything, although I played several adventure games (mainly the Broken Sword series, Syberia 1-2, a few more) but was never the fan of classic Lucas Arts games. So I can state without being affected by nostalgia that Thimbleweed Park truly taken me aback with its rich world and interesting story telling.A little bit of Twin Peaks, a bit of noir detective story, and tons of references to the 80s. This game is a real love letter to the early adventure games - mainly Maniac Mansion and Day of the Tentacles, also the Monkey Island series - but you don't have to have fond memories of these classics to enjoy the game's surreal world. The graphics mirror those of the 90s adventure games - of course just on the surface since the world is beautifully detailed, activating the nostalgia cells in the old fans, and providing gorgeously unique visuals to newcomers.Just one warning for those who plan to try it: just as old point and click adventure games the difficulty of the game is sometimes punishing, of course only if you wish to play the Hard Mode. Although there is a Casual difficulty level for the game, I'd advise skipping it and going right away to Hard right away since Casual mode leaves some of the most interesting areas and puzzles out to make the story easily digestible for those who are not battle hardened adventurers. Overall, a fantastic game which far exceeded my expectations and will have its place among my my favorite games of all time.And btw ... the Signals are really strong tonight!"
76561197970417928,Recommended,569860,31008946,Posted: 7 April,all,Padd,"I'm nowhere near finished as far as I can tell, but I'm really enjoying itso far.  It's not got the same 'just one more puzzle' grip for me as I had when playing DOTT or Full Throttle back in the day, but I'm probably a lot different to my 10 year old self.  Definately a good game though."
76561198006619996,Recommended,569860,31027757,Posted: 8 April,all,High Elf of Paragon,"Some of the puzzles can be a bit obtuse, but overall, it's really an incredible point and click. The story is funny, well written, and with enjoyable characters. Some may not like the ending, as it's very fourth wall breaking, but I personally loved it. If you're someone who loved games like Day of the Tentacle and was dissapointed with the mediocre Broken Age, do yourself a favor and pick this up."
76561198160431681,Recommended,569860,31066058,Posted: 10 April,all,Trailsmoke,"If you played and liked any of the old adventure games, especially the LucasArt ones, there's nothing to think about.Just buy this game!I always loved the LucasArt games. And I loved this one as well.It got the graphic (a bit better tough :) ) atmosphere and jokes, all the good stuff from the old game.Thimbleweed park was was a 12 hr nostalgia trip for me. Everything that I have missed for all these years since Monkey Island.. Actually this was netter than I could hope for!I actually feel kind of sad that I have completed it. Want more!"
,Recommended,569860,31036284,Posted: 9 April,all,jaerip,"Thimbleweed Park combines all the best parts from the classic Lucasarts adventure games, making this one of the best adventure game to this date. For me this is the Game of the year."
76561198011924909,Recommended,569860,31035794,Posted: 9 April,all,Ardous79,"Great game!They have captured all the right elements to make an awsome point&click game.Mood, music, puzzles, characters and the agony of beeing stuck are all there.I realy hope there will be more of this."
76561198029600782,Recommended,569860,30850840,Posted: 31 March,all,ljungan,"The game really feels like a new Maniac Mansion or Zak McKracken game. Which is of course a good thing.The atmoshere, the graphics, the dialog and the mystery. Every since my childhood was over I have not played so many point and click adventure games. I didn't have the time or motivation to get into a stories. If that depends on the story itself or the fact that I have growned up and don't have time for computer games in general - that i don't know. How come that this game has swollowed me right into it's story? Well of course the knowledge that the game was made by the same guys that made MM and Zak and the Monkey island is a factor of course. It's more hyped and the expectations has been huge! It's an opportunity to once again feel the same as I did back when I was 13 years old. It's called nostalgia and it's not an all positive feeling in general. But when it comes to this game I all in for the nostalgia trip and I can gladly say that it's there, every single moment!The era of point and click adventure games sadly belongs to the past for many reasons. I'm happy that I had the chance to experience all these fine games that I mentioned, but everything have it's time in the history books.The negative parts of the game:- The voiceacting is not stellar. The volume of the voices are not in sync. Sometimes the voices feel like they dont belong to the character. This is small things and overall they are great!- Sometimes when you switch character and try to do something that you already tried with the other the sentences are exactly the same only with another voice! This is kind of impersonal and generic.- Maybe i have missed something or i have not progressed into the game enough but it is a long walk to go to the crypt in the cemetary (will this change when I get a map?)Well not much as you can se, I had to really think hard to come to think of these.Everything else is top notch and now I don't have time more to write. I must continue my investigation! :-)"
,Recommended,569860,30936455,Posted: 3 April,all,NooNaN,"So, so good.  Please make more like this!  Amazing pixelart graphics, challenging but fair puzzles, interesting story, humor, etc., etc.  I hope this is a huge success so other developers will take notice and continue to revitalize the genre (retro or modern style).  I'm enjoying this a ton so far and look forward to continuing.Just one suggestion and not sure if there's a reason this wasn't done...  It would be nice if the inventory was interchangable between characters while not at the same location.  I know this isn't practical, but it would make a few things less frustrating.Thanks-a-rino!"
76561197993839953,Recommended,569860,31030410,Posted: 8 April,all,ghostofk,"Just finished the game. I liked it.One of the first video games that I ever played was Monkey Island 1 and I was hooked on LucasArt's point and clicks after that. I've ultimately played the entire adventure game catalog from LucasArts.This game is like the old LucasArts never went away and kept the SCUMM engine alive. The puzzles in this game are a lot more logical than the older games and the overall game sees the benefit of having veteren adventure game developers make the game.The story is overall pretty interesting though maybe some weak parts at the end. The interesting story and puzzles carry the game. The humor isn't quite as strong when compared to the older, more cartoony point and clicks. It's got the same kind of quirky and tongue-in-cheek absurdity of Full Throttle I'd say. The story this time is a mystery and that's probably what dicated the feel of the game. The older games were never shy about referencing other games, but this game definitely pushes the references harder; maybe a bit too much. Still, if you like the LucasArt's point and clicks, this is a no-brainer recommendation.p.s. For those that might not know or remember, the ""."" button lets you fast forward through text in the game, like the old LucasArts stuff. I wish they let us map this to a different keyboard button though, since it's a bit awkward with it being away from the other shortcut keys (i.e. q, w, e, a, s, d, z, x, c)"
,Recommended,569860,30950822,Posted: 4 April,all,Guran75,"This is a point and click adventure that feels just like a classic LucasArts game. Which is no surprise of course, since the project is headed by Ron Gilbert, the Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion creator.What surprised me the most is that even though I didn't find the game very funny, it didn't hurt my experience at all! It's instead quite charming and has more than a few heart warming moments. The puzzles are just the right level of difficulty on Hard for seasoned adventure gamers. And for newcomers there is a Casual mode that makes things less frustrating. Another thing that surprised me is that this is not a small adventure game, it's really long but I never got bored! I replayed Monkey Island 1 & 2 recently and none of them are longer than ten hours. Here I finished in at about 25 hours (exploring mostly everything) and even with a walkthrough I don't think I would have finished it in under 15 hours. There is lots of dialogue too good to skip through and there are many beautiful locations to explore.Something that did annoy me in the beginning is the constant fourth wall breaking. Characters make many comments about being in a game, that you don't have to save often like in Sierra adventures and so on. The longer I played, the more I liked these things though.Overall I really recommend this game. The old adventure game magic is here in spades."
,Recommended,569860,30903077,Posted: 2 April,all,Kelevra,"For any of you new generation kids i highly suggest you look at playing Day of the Tenacle Remasterd found on steam and look at the Monkey Island Special Edition and Monkey Island 2 Special Edition, along with Thimbleweed Park to get and understand the names behind the characters and the humor references in dialog !Other wise this is a pure joy re living the 80's/90's point and click adventure with a egnine based on the old SCUMM style  without loosing any of the old charm.Very well done ! and can not wait to see more games from these Dev's , really hope they continue the good work we need more of these style of games to return they are timeless classic's !"
76561198013487531,Recommended,569860,30842406,Posted: 30 March,all,chmbelisle,This game is perfect-a-reno.  Buy this immediately and you will see what I mean. 10/10
76561198030833778,Recommended,569860,31608842,Posted: 7 May,all,stephen22,So glad this lived up to my expectations. Highly recommended.
76561198027360772,Recommended,569860,33475269,Posted: 12 July,all,lombardi.elena,"Amazing! Haven't had this much fun with an adventure since Monkey Island 2.The characters, the plot, the depth of the story and world, the atmosphere, the puzzles, the red herrings, the references, the humor...This is the essence of a perfect graphic adventure how we used to know them, you just never want to leave Thimbleweed Park."
76561198016745432,Recommended,569860,31623217,Posted: 8 May,all,kuna777,Just finished it and it is amaizing! Fantastic visiuals and great setting! The puzzles are fair and interresting! Exactly the kind of point and click adventure game I was always hoping for!Except for the ending...
76561197965308187,Recommended,569860,30863633,Posted: 31 March,all,Mithril,"Absolutely fantastic time machine from Ron Gilbert Himself! Now i can feel back again like the days i was playing the fabulous Monkey Island for a first time ever! Great graphic, great music and excellent plot. If You love (especially) old Lucasarts, classic adventure games with point & click mechanics and SCUMM interface (or adventure games at all) You can't go wrong picking up Thimbleweed Park. Look, a three-headed monkey! ...oh wait ;) Now i need to go back to my ivestigation!"
,Recommended,569860,33636331,Posted: 18 July,all,imtezcan,"Definitely feels like something from the golden age of adventure games. We no longer have point-and-click adventures of this quality very often, unfortunately.  If you like Monkey Island, Broken Sword, Day of the Tentacle etc. you'll like this as well.  Interesting characters, good puzzles, great and funny dialogue.  Go for it."
,Recommended,569860,33527947,Posted: 13 July,all,Soadie Pops,"I grew up playing Humongous games such as Pajama Sam and since then have been playing any point-and-click I can get my hands on. This game is fantastic for many reasons. The puzzles are fun and plentiful, even if some of them are a little nonsensical. The art if beautiful, very detailed, and well animated. The music is good although it does loop quite a bit. The story is engaging and humorous, while keeping it serious when it makes sense to.If you like point-and-clicks at all this is definitely one worth playing."
,Recommended,569860,33203967,Posted: 3 July,all,Insaniac99,"Very fun adventure game, with both easy and hard mode depending on if you want just the story, or the puzzles as well."
76561198092464225,Recommended,569860,34045077,Posted: 5 August,all,Kvothe,For the lovers of Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island this is perfect
,Recommended,569860,34070806,Posted: 6 August,all,eljeko,If you miss the old-school point and click adventure you have to play this game.
,Recommended,569860,34066614,Posted: 6 August,all,Alotor,FINALLY!! a new adventure game with the excellent taste of a classic one. This game just feels RIGHT. It took me back to the golden age of Lucasfilms games. This is just what Broken Age should have been.
76561198037919624,Recommended,569860,30876152,Posted: 1 April,all,Edicus,"This game is absolutely amazing, i was playing it last night with a few friends and we were laughing our asses off while trying to solve some of the puzzles. Theres so many nice little details that other games would skip out on. There is so much love and caring that went into this game. I'm so happy I bought it."
,Recommended,569860,30879652,Posted: 1 April,all,icedan,I have only played 15 minutes but already I can tell I am going to enjoy this a lot; really has that same Maniac Mansion / Zak McKracken and even Monkey Island feel to it - it's about bloody time!
,Recommended,569860,33389017,Posted: 8 July,all,Trash Gordon,"An excellent callback to the point-and-click adventure games of years ago. Thimbleweed Park is an adventure game reminiscent of LucasArts games such as the Monkey Island series (fitting since it was made its creators).In an age of hand-holding, Thimbleweed Park provides a lengthy adventure where the player is required to think outside the box in order to solve the game's puzzles. The puzzles are never impossible, all the clues are there, you never have to make an impossible jump in logic to solve them. While fans of adventure games may love this, TP caters to newer fans and those who may just love a story by implementing an Easy Mode too.TP may look like an old school point-and-click, but it doesn't rest on its laurels. It keeps things fresh by weaving a story with 5 playable characters the player can use simultaneously to solve the game's puzzles.The story is somewhat mature, but has plenty of humour and 4th wall-breaking quips.Just when you think you have things figured out, Thimbleweed Park changes the questions.With a good 10-15 hours worth of content, Thimbleweed Park is wholeheartedly recommended to someone looking for an enjoyable, brain-testing adventure."
76561198048359142,Recommended,569860,30878821,Posted: 1 April,all,ehanson833,"This game is awesome, even better than expected. Great story, challenging puzzles, and solid writing. This is an obvious buy for for fans of the genre, and a great intro to adventure games for others."
,Recommended,569860,31499828,Posted: 1 May,all,Mr. Burger,"It's made by Ron Gilbert, and it looks and feels like an old LucasArts point-and-click adventure game.  Just those words alone were enough to sell me--and now having spent real money and played the game to completion, let me assure you they should sell you, too.  Or what if I mention that it's also a love letter to David Lynch (Twin Peaks, Mulholland Drive, Eraserhead)?  Does that not woo you?  Fine.The dialog is colorful and satisfying, often quotable, and of course hint-laden.  The characters are varied and engaging, whether it's one of your own or an NPC, and they all mesh with the mysterious town of Thimbleweed Park perfectly.  In some games, dialog is something you speed through to get back to the fun part of the game.  In Ron Gilbert adventures, dialog is one of the main attractions.  It helps with puzzles, reveals mysteries, sometimes contains its own little mini-challenges, and more.  And meanwhile, it's witty and light.  You'll enjoy the conversations you have in Thimbleweed Park.The puzzles, meanwhile, run the gauntlet from straightforward softballs to mind-unspooling devils that take you days to solve.  Which specific puzzles will hamper you and which you'll breeze right through, however, will likely differ from player to player.  One puzzle that stumped me for days, and I won't say which, my best friend solved almost immediately.  It simply ""occurred to her"" to try the correct solution right away.  And I guess it just goes like that sometimes:  even the hardest puzzles are carefully crafted so that theoretically you can come up with the correct solution right away assuming you have paid close attention.  But you can only pay so much attention to so many details, my friends, and Thimbleweed is brimming with them.  Go in knowing it's going to hurt.  The best fun always does.Oddly enough, I have my whole life enjoyed the bang-your-head-against-the-wall difficulty of Gilbert's strangest puzzles, and his inimitable genius is on full display here.  Some advice from a guy who grew up on these games:  take breaks when you're feeling stuck and burnt out.  DO NOT GOOGLE THE SOLUTION.  Part of the magic playing these games is mentally taking them with you when you're not at the computer, letting time pass and then suddenly having little strokes of genius while you're at work or school or just laying down for bed, and then running back to the computer to test out your latest ingenious idea.  It might not work--heck, it *probably* won't work--but still there's that thrill of experimentation.If you can get all the way through to the end of the game, it's bittersweet--good puzzles can't go on forever, after all--but well-executed.  The story wraps up in a place wholly removed from where it first began, and yet it earns that departure, and the delivery feels just right.  It hits all the right emotional buttons.  That said, any ending at all was always going to feel too abrupt for me, a lifelong diehard Gilbert fan who couldn't wait for this game to exist, so I can't fault Thimbleweed Park for being finite.  A great chef once said the best portion size is one that leaves a guest complaining, ""I just wish I could have had one more bite.""Then again ... We live in a post-DLC world, so maybe Gilbert and crew will treat us to an Epilogue.  This story could only prosper from an extended farewell.  I'd love to spend just a little more time with my beloved coterie of playable characters, and to give proper send-offs to all the NPCs who were for whatever reason absent from the final act.  I'd kill to see certain characters have certain conversations I wished I'd seen them have.  But ... even if this never happens, you should still get and play and lose yourself in and hate and struggle through and learn to love again and finally beat Thimbleweed Park.  It wants to haunt you.9.7/10 -- Nearly perfect, but I just wish I could have had one more bite.EDIT:  ""Epliogue"" is now ""Epilogue.""  Thanks -NN- for the heads up."
,Recommended,569860,33737752,Posted: 22 July,all,CharlieLima79,"'Thimbleweed Park', designed by veteran game designer-a-renos Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick, is a fun, surprising game-a-reno that evokes warm memories of LucasArts point-and-click adventure games from the late 80s and early 90s. Anyone familiar with this game genre of this era will feel right at home-a-reno with 'Thimbleweed Park', and will probably dive head first into it at the hard difficulty level like I did-a-reno. Those who are new to it can still enjoy it in the Casual mode.You can tell that the game developers-a-boo have put a lot of thoughts into the game's puzzle designs. For the most part, the puzzles that you'll need to solve are clearly presented, and you'll have sufficient clues-a-boo to figure out what to do. A few puzzles near the end of the game can be challenging, if not obtuse, but most puzzles are logical given the contexts-a-boo. I needed to seek out hints about five times when playing in Hard mode; but upon getting them in many cases, I could see where I had been neglectful.The setting and story-a-who of 'Thimbleweed Park' are mysterious, with many clues to the strange happenings in the town for you to discover, and intrigue waiting for you to unravel. All the while, Gilbert, Winnick et al.-a-who hold no punches with their commentaries on adventure game design, especially unfair game deaths in adventure games, as well as with references to the 80s pop culture, which happen to be inspirations-a-who for 'Thimbleweed Park'. For achievement seekers like I, there are enough-a-who here to warrant a extra playthrough or two.'Thimbleweek Park' may not be as flashy as its contempor-a-renos, but it's full of great and smart writing, snide yet self-referential commentary, dry humour, great voice acting, as well as engaging puzzles. It's packed full of nostalgi-a-reno for those of us familiar with 80s and 90s PC adventure games, and it's a modern introduction to the greatness of these games to those who are not. I highly recommend 'Thimbleweed Park'-a-reno to everyone.P.S. Having played through the game in both Casual and Hard modes, I highly recommend playing in the latter for the complete experience and challenge. Casual mode has a lot of the fun puzzles, character interactions and scenes cut out, all of which make 'Thimbleweed Park' a richer, better game."
76561197997479285,Recommended,569860,30868949,Posted: 31 March,all,Alm,"I grew up playing 'Day of the Tentacle' and this was more than I hoped for in terms of nostalgia.But that aside, the game stands strongly on its own legs. The puzzles are clever and even if you get stumped for an hour or two, it's worth it when you finally find the solution that was right there all along. The game displays humor that caused me to do everything from exhaling sharply through my nose to actually laughing out loud in a public place.Thimbleweed Park is a perfect example of 'not judging a game by its graphics'. I'm no professional (my only credential is a minor in Game Design) but in my average-guy opinion, you should definitely buy this game. $20 is a steal!Have fun!"
,Recommended,569860,30861533,Posted: 31 March,all,Hutt Butter,"They wanted this game to be ""like an undiscovered LucasArts adventure game you've never played before"" and... this is exactly what they've achieved. It's quite something being able to play this, to discover these worlds from scratch instead of just playing through games you know off-by-heart. On that level it is wonderful.Compared to the recent Telltale games - totally devoid of puzzles, just occasional moral decisions to take that have no effect on anything, this a is stupendeously hard game. Because it's an actual game. But in terms of puzzle design this game is unbelievably fair, the puzzles are logical, the clues work and there is (like Monkey Island 2) a simplified version of the game in terms of puzzles for people who just want to experience the story.Basically I loved this, and already miss it."
76561198015790495,Recommended,569860,30865260,Posted: 31 March,all,プロロシア人,"Nice classic adventure game with no dead end and no deaths to make the game longer. So thx for that. The characters are well made und funny. Many references of the old games can be seen and heard. And a fair price as Guybrush says (Never pay more than 20$ for a computer game). Just now I'm stuck, but it is fun."
76561198398593875,Recommended,569860,33538387,Posted: 14 July,all,fabioemilio.lapiccirella,"Great game: fun puzzles, funny ending. Recommended to both classic adventure game lovers and new puzzle-solving interested gamers."
,Recommended,569860,35104519,Posted: 21 September,all,Tevourious,"Fun, classic, entertaining. Wonderfully charming graphics"
,Recommended,569860,31619581,Posted: 7 May,all,Integer Man,"As a long time adventure game fan (including maniac mansion), I was delighted by Thimbleweed Park. The characters and setting are nearly perfect, the game and puzzle design are well thought out, the tone and experience are great, and even the graphics, sounds, and music are quite well done. Ransome the bleeping Clown and Delores truly shine as characters and the rest are good too. There's a number of in jokes for fans old maniac mansion and other lucasarts games, but they're not core to the story. The game leans pretty heavily on the 4th wall, which you'd expect from a Kickstarter fueled by nostalgia.Overall I loved this game, but the overall story is where things go a little awry. The story relies on tired tropes near the end and completely discards the murder investigation thread without a truly satisfying ending to it. Things ultimately make some sense, but there's a growing number of plot holes surrounding some of the game's events once the antagonist is revealed.All characters have their arcs nicely tied up in some fashion, and it's a satisfactory conclusion, but the ending went in a different direction than I had hoped and the events of the story didn't make sense in retrospect (some of this is explained by the nature of the ending, but I find that a bit of a cop out for something that presents itself as a murder mystery)Anyway, buy, play, and love this game. It's worth your time and you'll be glad you did."
76561197974793790,Recommended,569860,35055008,Posted: 18 September,all,YotsuMD,"I grew up with Monkey Island, Day of the Tentacle, and even the original C64 Maniac Mansion, and this game plays on my nostalgia like a fiddle. It's full of references to those games, following the same recipe of exploration and experimenting you'd be familiar with from that time. The game is also overflowing with shoutouts and nods to backers, which is pretty cool.The game is fully voiced, and while the voiceacting can be a bit awkward at times, I felt like it only added to the 90's adventure game vibe.If I'd have to point out any flaws in the game...I only played through Hard Mode, so I kind of only have myself to thank, but as you progress through the game, your inventory becomes quite cluttered, and with several playable characters and access to every area in the game, it can be hard to figure out what you are expected to do. It doesn't help that you gather a truckload of red herring items, and at one point the game literally asks you to look on the internet for a clue, at which point it stops being a puzzle to solve. I admit that I had to check a walkthrough more than once.Is the game worth getting? If you're a patient person who wants a challenging Point and click adventure, sure, especially if you grew up with this genre back then."
,Recommended,569860,35071815,Posted: 19 September,all,mauruiz,"Loved the game! Such an ode to the classic point and click adventures, really, really good. I recommend turning on the ""inside jokes"" (on options > video) if you ever played the old games of the genre. If there are things I wished it to be different would be to be harder (although I've played it in hard mode, I just got ""stuck"" in one or two puzzles...) and the jokes to be more acid, link in the classic LucasArts games. But, none of that spoils the game in any way. 9/10! Loved it!"
76561198098856913,Recommended,569860,33547381,Posted: 14 July,all,dolikisse,a fun puzzlegame in the old style. can't go wrong with that. And I must say the x-files feel didn't hurt
,Recommended,569860,35060334,Posted: 19 September,all,Nada,Found myself clapping of excitement more than once.A must for any graphic adventures lover.
76561198008798902,Recommended,569860,33542010,Posted: 14 July,all,ortegaelbarbas,Instant classic
76561198163925586,Recommended,569860,33595400,Posted: 16 July,all,JimCrow,best game since monkey island 2
76561198030314524,Recommended,569860,35069819,Posted: 19 September,all,snyggoskar,"They don't make them like they used to.... except after play this, I guess they do!Plays like a true LucasArts classic. Worth every euro! <3"
,Recommended,569860,30928315,Posted: 3 April,all,Master_Criskywalker,"*Beep*ing brilliant game! Highly recommended!I was worried that this game was going to show once and for all that adventures are an obsolete genre and they were merely taking advantage of gamers' nostalgia.The game is as good as classic adventure games in most aspects and in some is even better. The great thing about it is that probably all the puzzles in it have logical solutions.I'm glad to report that we needed such a game and this mix between macabre and humour was really missed. I feel like a teenager again!Thanks Ron Gilbert for bringing back the magic of adventure games.- GRAPHICS 9/10 - more style than a three-headed monkey wearing a hat- SONIDO 9/10 - funny voices and cool music- PLAYABILITY 9/10 - the magic is back! Only a few games manage to make you feel the sameThe game is on the same level as Monkey Island or Day of the Tentacle, and I felt invested in the characters and transported to a very zany place called Thimbleweed Park.Highly *beeping* recommended!Juego *Bip*mente brillante! Altamente recomendado.Estaba preocupado si este juego iba terminar de demostrar que los juegos de aventura ya están totalmente obsoletos y se estaban solamente aprovechando de la nostalgia de los fans.El juego es igual de bueno que los juegos de aventuras clásicos y en algunos aspectos incluso mejor. Una de las cosas que hace mejor es que practicamente todos los puzzles tienen soluciones absolutamente lógicas.Felizmente demostraron que hacía falta un juego como este y se echaba de menos esta mezcla entre lo humorístico y lo macabro. Me siento como un quinceañero de nuevo!Gracias Ron Gilbert por traer de vuelta la magia de los juegos de aventura!- GRÁFICOS 9/10 - más estilo que un mono de tres cabezas con sombrero- SONIDO - 9/10 - voces divertidas en inglés y música cool- JUGABILIDAD - 9/10 - la magia está de vuelta! Pocos juegos logran hacerte sentir del mismo modoEl juego es igual de bueno que Monkey Island y Day of the Tentacle y me sentí interesado en los personajes y transportado a un lugar muy loco llamado Thimbleweed Park.Altamente *bip*mente recomendado!"
76561198377435263,Recommended,569860,30980374,Posted: 6 April,all,jef.leysen,Awesome-a-reno!
,Recommended,569860,30953267,Posted: 4 April,all,Beam,"10/10Loved the nostalgia trip.. This game is just as good as all of the other lucas art titles. The puzzles were just right, fantastic characters, art and a good story. Play the right way on hard!"
,Recommended,569860,31028593,Posted: 8 April,all,MeatHook,"A++, will buy again.Ending was great."
,Recommended,569860,31382089,Posted: 26 April,all,CloudCruzz,just amazing! if you are into point and click adventures: buy it!
76561197998738575,Recommended,569860,31427581,Posted: 28 April,all,Jean Luc,"For 20 bucks it was a quick playthrough. A little over 20 hours.  I started on hard mode.  Admittedly I cheated twice when I found myself clicking in circles (and then had ""duhhhhh"" moments when I read the hints), but that's after wasting too much time and running around the map for clues.  I would definitely recommend this to other people who have played point and click games or text adventure games.  The production quality is very high and I like how the creators poke fun at other games and publishers."
,Recommended,569860,31914904,Posted: 23 May,all,AceOverKILL,A new refreshing point and click adventure game that references to some of my all time favorite childhood computer games.
76561198077130175,Recommended,569860,31402559,Posted: 27 April,all,vkazanov,"Pros:- if you enjoyed classical adventure games - this one is a must- streamlined UI- graphics- music- nostalgic feelings- humourCons:- the story starts really well, but the ending kills it all"
76561198077449566,Recommended,569860,32832586,Posted: 26 June,all,MrMeeseeks,"Overall, Thimbleweed Park is a worthy spiritual successor to Maniac Mansion/Day of the Tentacle. Just don't expect a satisfying ending.Seriously, the ending sucks."
76561198019661035,Recommended,569860,31131600,Posted: 14 April,all,LastChanceGaming,"Very good game. If you like old school Day of the Tentacle, you will love this. its a bit annoying having to control 5 characters but still playable"
,Recommended,569860,31029633,Posted: 8 April,all,Spankface,"If you grew up playing the great LucasArts adventure games of the 80's and early 90's like Maniac Mansion, Zak Mckraken, or Secret of Monkey Island, then you will be right at home with this game.For the past few nights we've been playing the game on our family room tv via Steam Link so my wife and I could play through it together.  We really enjoyed the puzzle solving and completed both the casual mode (not as many puzzles) and the hard mode (more puzzles).  The humor was there just like the old games and there were quite a few little easter eggs giving a nod to older adventure games.  Well worth the full prize paid ($20)."
76561198005935707,Recommended,569860,30850240,Posted: 31 March,all,Threepwood,"Love this game so far - often reminisce about playing old games but often disappointed when you return to them - this however is brilliant. Great story so far, just hope Ron & his team do more like this !"
76561198275333670,Recommended,569860,30853037,Posted: 31 March,all,0121haz,Brilliant
,Recommended,569860,30854733,Posted: 31 March,all,peyote,Haven't played Thimbleweed Park yet? Your bucket list just got hit by a new first place.Welcome to the new gold standard of point'n'click adventure games. Period.
76561198153005406,Recommended,569860,30918285,Posted: 3 April,all,rhblair5d,A dream come true.
76561197980372335,Recommended,569860,31080297,Posted: 11 April,all,Francis,As a fan of point an click adventures I enjoyed this game.
76561198003996728,Recommended,569860,30932192,Posted: 3 April,all,wanted31,Thank you for this-a-reno !!!
,Recommended,569860,31162028,Posted: 15 April,all,MinimumEntropy,"An absolutely brilliant, fantastic game. This game is a must play for anyone, especially adventure game fans."
,Recommended,569860,30962097,Posted: 5 April,all,gelorobinson,"I mean, what can I say? Pure nostalgia - worth every penny even just for the ending. Great game!"
,Recommended,569860,31019534,Posted: 8 April,all,dridiot,Awesome!
,Recommended,569860,30959689,Posted: 5 April,all,Mettanine,"If you don't buy this game RIGHT NOW, you will be eaten by human-sized pigeons. THIS IS NO JOKE! They are out to get you now. The signals are strong tonight! You HAVE to buy this game to save your life! Oh, you will also enjoy one of the best adventure games ever made. Don't hesitate, click the *beeping* Purchase button and get it the *beep* over with!"
,Recommended,569860,30968377,Posted: 5 April,all,torquemadaza,"I'm thoroughly enjoying this brand spanking new retro game. It's funny, engaging, smart, and difficult in places, but never illogical. It flows a bit better in the beginning when you have fewer characters, and locations... and I suppose it will become easier towards the end (I think i'm 2/3rds through - 15hrs in on HARD mode) as the number of applicable options reduces - in the middle its a little trickier as the checklist of things interacting with things is not small. It doesn't take away from the enjoyment, but progress can stall while you try and figure it out.My only narrative complaint is why any of the characters would help each other. The two detectives sure, but why would the clown work either of them? It's a minor issue, and easily overlooked in the scope and breadth of the story, puzzles, dialogue, and humour. I can thoroughly recommend this.Pro-tips: Right-click does the highlighted verb. Double-click to walk faster. Once you have the map, get maps for all your characters to use them to teleport to specific locations."
,Recommended,569860,30928255,Posted: 3 April,all,happy mondays,it was funterrible ending. TERRIBLE.
,Recommended,569860,30927366,Posted: 3 April,all,DNilssen,Thank you guys for this amazing oldstyle puzzle game! Reached the end credit last night.Hope to se more like this from you in the future!RegardsDaniel
76561198046416276,Recommended,569860,30968198,Posted: 5 April,all,Nick Nolte Circa 2002,"This game ran perfectly on my Mac and was very addictive and fun. The graphics and music took me back to my childhood playing the old Lucasarts adventure games. I thought it was too easy at first (I played on hard), but the puzzles got more interesting and difficult as the game went on. I ended up having to go to Reddit for help a few times and the solution always seemed obvious in retrospect. Often in adventure games difficult puzzles are difficult because the solution is nonsensical, so it was refreshing that this wasn't the case here.I could see this game being a tough sell for someone who didn't grow up with the genre, but anyone who has fond memories of Gilbert's catalogue is likely to enjoy the 12ish hours this game takes to play."
76561198034057688,Recommended,569860,31026262,Posted: 8 April,all,himbeerkuchenteig,This is everything Double Fine´s adventures aren´t.Good score out of number.
76561198370939640,Recommended,569860,30856242,Posted: 31 March,all,zh2oson,I signed up for Steam specifically to download this retro classic.  It has not disappointed!!
76561198377986770,Recommended,569860,30930856,Posted: 3 April,all,kramerjob,"If you liked ""Day of the Tentacle"" or  ""Sam & Max Hit the Road"", you will not regret purchasing this game. One of the best point-and-click games I've ever played."
,Recommended,569860,30945601,Posted: 4 April,all,Cono,5/5
,Recommended,569860,30953826,Posted: 4 April,all,iamgotharts,"This game was worth the price. I Just started today and within 5mins of playing it there were aleast 30 easter eggs ranging from the classic sierra death in joke from money island to manaic mansion jokes. my favorite was the diagloue tree that basically took a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥over sierra style of adventure gaming. and i also loved the fact when you look at the corspe in the begining of the game it breaks the fourth wall by saying the cause of death does not match the gunshot heard in the opening screen, This game breaks down the fourth wall and create hillirious jokes and throw backs to lucasarts games. also the way they set up the xbox 360 controller is amazingly perfect."
,Recommended,569860,31316375,Posted: 23 April,all,Piregg-Karl,Strongly recommended! Played a few point and click games in the past but this one was perfect for me (being a non pro) the harder mode is also there for the pro's. no glitches or issues found. Controller support is also good and works well for this type of game.
76561197973295102,Recommended,569860,31304536,Posted: 22 April,all,riley,A fun throwback adventure game that hits all the sweet spots of point-and-click nostalgia.  Great game.
76561197997214088,Recommended,569860,31385529,Posted: 26 April,all,blackShawarma,"I had high expectations and the game meets and exceeds. Really brings back the nostalgia from Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island. The art is great, it's funny, good puzzles. Well done!"
76561198132492032,Recommended,569860,31351174,Posted: 24 April,all,OliveOil,Very fun game.- Great Visuals- Great Soundtrack- Great Humor9/10 - Spicy meme
,Recommended,569860,31301117,Posted: 22 April,all,Bobdavethe3rd,"I've been crying out for this for a long time! Amazing game, loved every minute. Can't wait for the next Ron Gilbert game! (Monkey Island?)"
76561198314016322,Recommended,569860,31661647,Posted: 10 May,all,Sanchy,Great game. Spoilers: would have been great if the one behind it all was the AI instead of the videogame♥♥♥♥♥♥ Didn't really liked that part of the plot. Doesn't change the fact that is a great point and click game.
,Recommended,569860,31770159,Posted: 15 May,all,VENDETTA,"Nice, funny story, good puzzles. Great fun, even though I never really played the classics Maniac Mansion or Monkey Island. Worth its price."
,Recommended,569860,30840157,Posted: 30 March,all,Denzelo,A masterpiece!
,Recommended,569860,32656907,Posted: 22 June,all,Kraznor,"A refreshing throwback to adventure games of old, but also a subtle refinement of that design making for a game I'd recomend both to nostalgia hounds and folks who have been curious about the early days of this genre but found the original articles a bit too cumbersome and dated to enjoy. This title has some fine voice-acting, a simplified difficulty mode for beginners and enough red herrings to keep you guessing throughout. Frustration is kind of part of the package with games like this, and with one exception, I found the puzzles fair and fun throughout the adventure. The puzzle I had difficulties with is drastically different in the easy mode so new players won't have issue with it, but my advice to all is simply ""try everything"", something I failed to do. I'll stop speaking vaguely and go on to say I'd also reccommend the developer podcast in concert with this game. It gives real insight into the proccess behind games like this and enriches some of the cameos and gags found in the game. I'd also like to highlight the implementation of Kickstarter backers as the most inventive I've ever seen. Makes me wish I'd known about this game sooner so I too could have my name listed in the phone book, or my short story housed in the library. These things make the universe of the game seem far more vast than it could possibly be with such a small team, so I applaud the inventiveness of these decisions."
,Recommended,569860,33391743,Posted: 8 July,all,TOG | DangerMouse,A great classic point and click adventure game!
76561198141175632,Recommended,569860,33915129,Posted: 30 July,all,regan.c.lee,Enjoyable. Funny. Buy it.
,Recommended,569860,31362504,Posted: 25 April,all,westingtyler,"If you love Maniac Mansion, you will love this. I get the feeling it takes place in the same town during the same time period, though it's not ever explicit. If you enjoyed Secret of Monkey Island, you'll probably also enjoy this.My first playthrough took me 27 hours, but I am pretty slow and thorough and got hung up for like 6 hours during trying to solve one puzzle about a cotton swab and fingerprint tape. I predict I could speed run it in less than three hours now, maybe less than 1, if I made no mistakes. Maniac Mansion has a similar play style, and you can speed run that game in 6 minutes.It has some cool multi-character puzzles like Maniac Mansion does (distract a baddie with one character and have the other sneak by, for instance). I am not sure if the game has multiple endings like Maniac Mansion, but the one I got was really interesting and hefty.There are tiny things that seem cut due to not enough dev time. An Arcade in town, you can't go in. Ron Gilbert said they wanted to add a patch after release to allow that, so we'll see. There are a few security camera style cut scenes that hint at some arcs and character development that doesn't really happen and leaves some loose ends in my mind. These are minor complaints, but as always with me, if I imagine something will be in your game and you don't include it or hint at it but don't include it, I become disappointed.I am glad I bought this game, and there's even an easy mode with fewer or simple puzzles for casual players, and I want to try it out, too. For $12, this would be a great steal.I played this right after The Sexy Brutale, a Groundhog Day mansion-based murder mystery on Steam that's also great. Combine some of this gameplay with some of that gameplay, and you would have a formula for an amazing Maniac Mansion 2."
,Recommended,569860,31014577,Posted: 8 April,all,Llanrog,Masterpeice of the point and click genre!
76561198099260702,Recommended,569860,34703283,Posted: 2 September,all,Delphius,I loved this game. If you are in to this classic type of adventure game stylized from the late 80s you will love it too.
,Recommended,569860,34600788,Posted: 30 August,all,soggyburrito,Feels like monkey island.
76561197977444834,Recommended,569860,34871956,Posted: 10 September,all,Caffeineblooded,If you are a fan of Adventure games and you liked Maniac Mansion/Day of the Tenticle get this game.  It was definitely worth the $20 I paid. The travel system and map elimitate the annoyance of completing tasks and the story is worth your time.
,Recommended,569860,33415366,Posted: 9 July,all,WHERES WALLACE,Fun game
,Recommended,569860,33890840,Posted: 29 July,all,tummai,This is my favorite game so far in 2017.  Took me back to adventure games I played as a kid.  Hilarious.
,Recommended,569860,34549303,Posted: 28 August,all,tijmz,"A throwback to 90s adventure games AND a smooth, modern experience at the same time. It's so good it made me want to write a review."
,Recommended,569860,33181398,Posted: 3 July,all,Jonny64Bit,100% Good Stuff
76561198043042161,Recommended,569860,30844950,Posted: 30 March,all,Daos,Great point n click adventure game. Buy it.
76561198071311428,Recommended,569860,32307378,Posted: 9 June,all,zorroelk,"Let me start by saying that I loved this game and the art is absolutely gorgues. The town is quitely large and there is a lot of puzzles, so it might get a bit tedious. But nothing that bothers me too much.That being said, two things I found dissapointing was the Ending, and..... it  wasnt that funny.I was hoping very much to giggle and laugh out loud in this game, but I didn't.I enjoyed it, but it didn't made me laugh."
,Recommended,569860,32556927,Posted: 18 June,all,bighendo,great game!
,Recommended,569860,32758506,Posted: 24 June,all,godsyn,"As a Lucasarts and Lucasfilms aficionado, this game fits right at home. A wonderful journey though a very well written story."
,Not Recommended,569860,33458667,Posted: 11 July,all,renderb,"Thimbleweed park certainly isn't a bad game, but it's also not great either. For some reason it's missing most of the classic silly interactions. You can't talk to most objects, and you cannot look at people to get a funny line etc.Although there was some humour it felt a bit flat to me, and the story didn't keep my interest either.On a whole other recent games have done this genre a lot better. I'd recommend the ""Book of Unwritten Tales"", ""Deponia"" or the telltale ""Sam and Max"" games over this one.So to be clear: I'm not saying this is a bad game, but no I wouldn't recommend it, not unless you already played all the really good adventure games out there and were dying for something else to play."
,Recommended,569860,32989250,Posted: 29 June,all,Brutales,Awesome! 100/100This is MUST-O-HAVE™ game for any Point&Click fans!Now we need more games like this! MAKE MORE GAMES!!
76561198027016437,Recommended,569860,31329182,Posted: 23 April,all,mckracken,"Gnarly dude! It's 2017 and righteous adventure gaming is back.Radical that it plays in 1987, when there were no lamer networks around (never was on facebook or twitter) and dumb phones (never even owned a cell-phone)Scientific fact of the day: You'll have 4456433 Percent more fun playing Thimbleweed Park than the latest VR Wave-shooter."
,Recommended,569860,30843158,Posted: 30 March,all,CinnabonBoy,This is a game about clowns.
76561198018468437,Recommended,569860,30853493,Posted: 31 March,all,Gonzalo,Best game released ever period.
,Recommended,569860,30960158,Posted: 5 April,all,soze,4.5/5
,Recommended,569860,31278642,Posted: 21 April,all,SickB,Long Review:HahahahahahahahahahahahaShort Review:LoLMust buy
76561198377817283,Recommended,569860,30858378,Posted: 31 March,all,steluci,The game is great but it does not work in my iMacGame must be launched from Steam to run (102).
,Recommended,569860,30882448,Posted: 1 April,all,Equation™,"Yay, I've been transported back to the 90's - Good times!"
76561198078203345,Recommended,569860,34566048,Posted: 28 August,all,bc24us,I really enjoyed this one. It gave me back to the old good days of adventure games. I hope Gilbert does another one soon!
,Recommended,569860,34870170,Posted: 10 September,all,xyproto,"Feels and plays like an old Lucas Art game, and it's even possible to use a joypad."
76561197969752037,Recommended,569860,31014765,Posted: 8 April,all,Mnikey,Spot on!
,Recommended,569860,34885179,Posted: 11 September,all,hUGO,"As a point-and-click adventure, this game is everything you'd want it to be. If you're reading this review it's because you already know what kind of game it is.Pros:-Great atmosphere.-Feels like a real place somewhere in the multiverse.-Entertaining characters.-Just a great environment to get lost in.Cons:-I really can't think of any at the moment. It's just a great point-and-click game.Recommended 100%."
,Recommended,569860,31510877,Posted: 2 May,all,Dala,It's pretty good-a-reno!
,Recommended,569860,32635379,Posted: 21 June,all,dekker,So happy right now
76561198095061975,Recommended,569860,30914064,Posted: 2 April,all,poqwerty3,"Funny dialog, interesting story, and challenging puzzles. Great game for 20 bucks"
76561198329313601,Recommended,569860,30914381,Posted: 2 April,all,pumpkinpiementel,"One of the best games I've played in recent memory. As a lover of Adventure Games I had a blast, and can not wait to replay it."
76561198088081456,Recommended,569860,30909524,Posted: 2 April,all,s-tiicky,Een aanrader voor elke adventure gamer !! Dit spel krijgt een dikke 10/10 !!
76561198018086116,Recommended,569860,30899622,Posted: 2 April,all,hans6stad,"Getting very nostalgic playing this and feel like binge playing all the previous ""MmucasFlem"" adventure games now as well."
76561198022290612,Recommended,569860,30910594,Posted: 2 April,all,goldentoast,The good old times are back!
,Recommended,569860,30906013,Posted: 2 April,all,Wegian,I bought this game because I miss the old classic point & click games and so far I am very pleased !I am making a youtube series of this game if anyone is interested !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OR5srk6alWUWill update later when I have played more of the game**Not guaranteed
76561197971214844,Recommended,569860,31207669,Posted: 17 April,all,Cyphertron.exe,Awesome oldschool like adventure game...
,Recommended,569860,31347025,Posted: 24 April,all,Keksos Der Grosse,Very nice.
76561197967989975,Recommended,569860,31348621,Posted: 24 April,all,ChadVader,"Great game, great ending, so many references to Monkey Island."
76561198026300134,Recommended,569860,31412613,Posted: 28 April,all,Magnus,"I'm still recommending it because the puzzles and voice acting are top class, but it's a complete degradation from classic LucasArt adventures. Story is a complete uncoherent mess, (the trailer on this store page makes it looks like some kind of detective movie, but it actually almost non-existent), and turn into really lazy and embarassing 4th wall breaking by the end.  Also half of your playable characters have zero personality (Who Agent Ray really works for? You don't even care about it until the last 2 minutes of gameplay)."
,Recommended,569860,30840767,Posted: 30 March,all,little_punk,Pretty cool thing <3
,Recommended,569860,31338579,Posted: 24 April,all,newagebegins,"Thimbleweed Park has all the best parts of classic adventure games: colorful characters with infinetly deep pockets, intriguing story, hilarious dialogues. Every pixel was placed on the screen with love and care. And it's just a *beeping* cool game-a-reno!"
76561197981477691,Recommended,569860,31282081,Posted: 21 April,all,'T'aRs 'T'aRkas,A W E S O M E !You got to love it - thats all I have to say.
,Recommended,569860,33115721,Posted: 1 July,all,Moxd,Very enjoyable. Manages to capture the feel of classic point and clicks perfectly.
,Recommended,569860,32672326,Posted: 23 June,all,Ananas,Absolutely thrilling and fun point&click adventure. The puzzles are great and neither too easy nor too difficult.There are an awful lot of jokes you will appreciate if you played Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion.
,Recommended,569860,30883021,Posted: 1 April,all,Rick,I like it
76561198260621217,Recommended,569860,30886483,Posted: 1 April,all,carrozzo.alberto,Outstanding game! Thanks Ron for this masterpiece!
76561198026840724,Recommended,569860,31515018,Posted: 2 May,all,Cygnus,Awesome game!
76561197992180779,Recommended,569860,30842052,Posted: 30 March,all,fODDER,3 hours in and loving it.EDIT:  Just finished the game and could not recommend it enough.
76561198174174511,Recommended,569860,30883118,Posted: 1 April,all,Tetaaman,AMAZING
,Recommended,569860,30883977,Posted: 1 April,all,bdb.disco,must buy for monkey island lucas arts fans
,Recommended,569860,33407703,Posted: 9 July,all,Guardian452,"Good game, but it pushed my GTX 1070 to it's absolute limit."
76561197991361347,Recommended,569860,30898691,Posted: 2 April,all,[-THEMIGHTYBOOSH-],"this is a great game a proper throwback to the hey days of point n clickers.. made me feel like it was a game i had missed playing back when i was younger ... the graphics are spot on the sound is great the puzzles tough but not maddining the chraters are good but one tiny teenie gripe the guys voice no matter what people say is dull and lifeless tbh but its far froma deal breaker for the game makes up for any failings i could counjure up about it ... if you love monky island , zak mckracken , indie last crusade and of course the game that inspired the look of thimbleweed park the great manic mansion then this game is a MUST BUY! hell im a cheapskate and even i spent the 15punts on it but ...when i saw it was made by Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick i couldent resist and neather should you :)"
,Recommended,569860,30864355,Posted: 31 March,all,B-Team | TyranoCyruz,Nostalgia :)
76561198093188691,Recommended,569860,30863670,Posted: 31 March,all,McKoo,"Hey, im loving this game so far, but im stuck :/ could someone help? So... im at the spot where i have dropped the nickle to the sewers and tried to make a call to ""edna"" but i cant proceed cuz i cant get the girl away from the sewers. Any ideas what to do next?"
,Recommended,569860,31172545,Posted: 16 April,all,StormToper,Just great!!!
,Recommended,569860,34263881,Posted: 15 August,all,hoppyandbitter,"The good: The puzzles were relatively well-balanced and reveled in their own absurdity while still providing logical solutions. I was never forced to use the hint line or summon Google to solve a puzzle and doubt many veteran point-and-click players will have to either. Even in the most frustrating situations, the game rewards patience and trial-and-error.The bad: Many of the side-characters and in-jokes become irritating and prevent the game from succeeding as an oddball dark comedy. The constant breach of the fourth wall never felt clever or interesting and resulted in more than a few cringe moments. The game works far better as a murder mystery than it does as a pseudo-self-aware journey through adventure gaming history. The final act is the most disappointing of all, rushing the characters to a forced conclusion that tried with all its might to be cathartic and just ended up feeling like bad fan fiction.Thimbleweed Park scratched the my Monkey Island itch that no point-and-click in recent history has been able to, despite many odd plot holes and a painfully underwhelming conclusion. If you can look past the disappointing story, it's definitely a world worth getting lost in."
76561198123143852,Recommended,569860,31138159,Posted: 14 April,all,Polaroidz,The world needs more of this. Too many decades playing murder simulators have left humanity dumb.
,Recommended,569860,31141636,Posted: 14 April,all,Qwedgeonline,It's point and click games how you remember them.
76561197970859560,Recommended,569860,34961270,Posted: 14 September,all,Bee,"A very creditable and well-made homage to old titles like Zak McKracken and the Alien Mindbenders and Day of the Tentacle. The puzzling isn't quite as obscure as it used to be (which is a good thing) and the few stumpers there are can be overcome with the in-game hint system. The graphics are good and appropriately in the style of, the sounds and music are adequate, and the voice-acting is nearly seamless (Javier Lacroix being the weak link here by a little). If you're into the old LucasArts adventure games, or the more recent Wadjet Eye games, this is right up your alley.The full game (hard mode) takes about 10 hours.Criticisms:With ""In-joke mode"" on, there's a lot of bagging on Sierra. I get that this is Ron Gilbert, SCUMM, and in the LucasArts camp (which had a rivalry with team Sierra back in the day) but it's kind of obnoxious. It doesn't seem light-hearted either, it seems pointed and mean. Especially after so much time has passed, and doubly so that nobody from Sierra is still involved to carry on the rivalry; it comes across as petty and ungrateful to the people who built the genre that allowed games like this to exist.If hard mode takes you 10 hours, by the end literally about an hour will have been spent waiting for elevators, and another hour in back-tracking. ""Hard mode"" for some reason only gives you 1 quick travel map between 4 characters, meaning you either end up passing the baton a lot or backtracking a LOT. This doesn't make anything harder, it simply wastes the hours of your life, and was a poor choice of difficulty mechanic.Achievement hunting in this one is another totally un-challenging time-waster. Full achievement completion requires going through the game twice (even if you beat hard first), and also poring through kickstarter contributor content. Not fun, not challenging, not interesting.You can skip these complaints by playing casual mode, skipping achievements, and keeping ""in-jokes"" turned off, but then it's a little light on content for the price tag ($20). But complaints aside, this really is a nice retro-style adventure."
76561197961345697,Recommended,569860,35355626,Posted: 30 September,all,eep,A classic.
,Recommended,569860,32767559,Posted: 25 June,all,SiouxsieQQ,"Loved this game, great humour and a good adventure game on the whole. Hoping to find others like it soon."
,Not Recommended,569860,31450164,Posted: 29 April,all,robe,"Thimbleweed Park is a modern ""classic"" adventure game, which stays close to the LucasArts formula.It's mostly frustration-free and has lots of quality of life features aimed at to not waste your time.Storywise the buildup to the end is interesting, but all arcs come crashing down in the end in what turned out to be one of the most unsatisfying closures in any adventure game I've played so far.The uninspired and rather abrasive fourth wall breaking became more and more unbearable as the game went on.The lack of interaction between the characters next to ""Give x to y"" caused me to lose my suspension of disbelief on more than one occasion. Why are all these people cooperating with each other?If you're a die-hard fan of the authors or Maniac Mansion this may be a game for you. If you enjoy well-written story arcs that don't insult your intellect you should give this a pass, at least at the 20 USD price point."
76561198027093835,Recommended,569860,30837429,Posted: 30 March,all,Max Powers,Awesome!! I'm feeling like 8 years old again.
,Recommended,569860,30906838,Posted: 2 April,all,SajBear,Great game so far!
,Recommended,569860,31221827,Posted: 18 April,all,Cal,i could really go for some wiener schnitzel right now
76561198069981203,Recommended,569860,32955038,Posted: 28 June,all,Charles Longknob,great game mate
76561198019727552,Recommended,569860,31341807,Posted: 24 April,all,Heinrich_XV,"Awesome, I enjoyed every minute... like in the good old times, still something new and unique. More please!"
76561198011381619,Recommended,569860,30885520,Posted: 1 April,all,iainomac,If you like classic adventure games just buy it. enough said
76561198122930823,Recommended,569860,31179229,Posted: 16 April,all,captainuberawesome,"Loved the game, the ending sucked though."
,Recommended,569860,32661194,Posted: 22 June,all,Brave Sir Robin,"If you like adventure games, this one is a must."
76561198196313679,Recommended,569860,30837341,Posted: 30 March,all,Valeriant,"Awesome current game to take you back the old memory lane. All the key features above are true*.* Even the guaranteed guarantee.I just wish they add a patch to enable keyboard shortcuts/ hotkeys like the ole SCUMM engine.(edit: Actually, there're already key-shortcuts built-in, I missed that. The QWE and three rows below represent all the eight actions. Not the same as the old SCUMM engine, but it will do.)"
,Recommended,569860,30879107,Posted: 1 April,all,kawacatoose,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█░▄▀░█▀▀░░░▀█▀░█░█░█░█▀▀░█░░░░█░░░█░░░█░█▀▄░░█▀▀░░░░█░░█▀█░█░▀▀█░▀░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░░▀░▀▀▀░░░░▀░░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Not Recommended,569860,34887396,Posted: 11 September,all,BadLuckBear,"Cons:It's kind of boring, and this is coming from someone who still plays Maniac Mansion pretty regularly.The voice acting is... robotic? Sometimes I feel like I can almost hear them flipping script pages. Like I'm being read a book. However, The voice acting does add to the game most of the time!The story is great so far, but I feel ike I'm just going through the numbers with the gameplay sometimes because of how you kind of figure out what the reaction to your action will be. The surprises just aren't there for me.Overall I'd say the game is good, but it's a bit disappointing for me. I can't recommend it at full price.Pros:I've been following along with Thimbleweed since it was announced, and I can safely say it is what it was promised to be, and more."
,Recommended,569860,30837579,Posted: 30 March,all,HorGrath,"ABSOLUTELY LOVING IT, THANK YOU x1000000 RON / TERRIBLE TOYBOX"
,Not Recommended,569860,31493565,Posted: 1 May,all,Lineoutt,This game is not well written or funny at all.The characters are bland and one dimensional. The humor is forced. Ransome the clown is not funny.A hearty Meh to this game. Not worth 20$
,Not Recommended,569860,31295239,Posted: 22 April,all,Fenshir,A decent adventure game overall but its story is gradually getting more and more silly and incoherent with each chapter.
76561197961258560,Not Recommended,569860,33539256,Posted: 14 July,all,TwiiK,"I really didn't enjoy this game at all. I discovered it accidentally on Steam, and I really love point and click adventure games so I thought this would be right up my alley, but playing it felt like a waste of time. The further I got in the game the less I enjoyed it and just wanted it to end, and boy did the ending suck balls.It wasn't funny, the voice acting was mediocre, the overall aesthetic was mediocre with its half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at being retro while not really pulling it off at all, but all of that could be excused it the game was good, but it's not. The game starts off exciting, but it just gets lamer and lamer the further you get. And I really hated the hive mind approach to how you controlled all the characters in that the only way to progress in the game was to treat each character as if they shared the same mind, ie. mine. That completely removed any sense of immersion for me. Having to deal with the quirks of the characters in an adventure game is often one of the best things about them, but here they all share the same goals and objectives and even though none of them know each other they are working together as if they were the same person just because I'm controlling them that way.And there were so many loose ends and wasted potential in this game. There were interesting characters in this game that weren't used for anything interesting and it makes you wonder if this game was rewritten multiple times before shipping and you're just seeing bits and pieces of different games in the final product. I'm not going to spoil any of the story, but I just finished watching season 1 and 2 of Twin Peaks for the first time ever before I found this game on Steam and I was super excited to play it because it looked sort of inspired by Twin Peaks, but just like Twin Peaks this game plays as if it was cancelled midway through. The game starts off rather mysterious and spooky, but everything about that part of the game is suddenly just forgotten and never mentioned again and everything thay comes after is just worse in every way."
76561197999008349,Not Recommended,569860,31701242,Posted: 12 May,all,[AlphA]Maestro Zen,"I love the genre, I think monkey island (1,2) and  day of the tentacle are the best game ever made and this one is NOT like them.I completed the game and I think too many puzzles are silly. Too many incoherences (too often charachers know something they shouldn't), and it becomes boring after a while.I really expected more from Ron Gilbert."
76561198347417205,Not Recommended,569860,30919760,Posted: 3 April,all,Nortix,"I've always been a big fan  of adventure games and thought I'd recapture some of the feelings of playing Monkey Island or DOTT through this. I was mistaken. I have just finished the game. I have just spent 14 hours or so finishing this thing and I really don't know why I did it. It felt annoying after the first hour. Here's a brief list of pros and cons:ProsNostalgia satisfactionSometimes clever referencesSome of the artCONSThe Story - The story is disjointed, makes little sense, is intertwined in a nonsensical way, and is ultimately uninteresting. There is no real connection between the characters, nothing that really drives them at least (except for a ghost and his daughter), yet they are all working towards the same goal through you. Some of this is explained at the end, but by the time you reach the end, you will no longer be interested in the story at all. Throughout the game I kept asking myself why I was playing this. What is the point? What is the goal of the game? You only find out what the point is in the last five minutes of gameplay making the entirety of the game rely on a feeling of nostalgia and a hope that, somehow, Ron Gilbert MUST have come up with something better than this and, perhaps, if you keep digging deeper you will find it.In other adventure games you would at least have a sense of what the goal was, of what you were trying to achieve. For example, Guybrush Threepwood wants to become a pirate and later rescue Elaine; Indiana Jones wants to stop the Nazis from getting to Atlantis; Bernard, Hoagie and Loraine want to stop Purple Tentacle from taking over the world; Even Dave and the other two tuna heads want to rescue Sandy in Maniac Mansion. Thimbleweed Park, however, has no drive.Furthermore, the ending is extremely disappointing. There is no resolution and is exclusively meta.The Characters - The characters are flat. They have two-dimensional motivations. One of them is entirely propelled by expletives. There is no endearing character, no relatable one.I don't know... I'll leave it here. I'm kind of tired of spending time thinking about this game. I don't recommend it, it has been an interesting but disappointing 14 hours."
,Recommended,569860,30836573,Posted: 30 March,all,JM-Maverick,"Haven't got to play much of it right now, but I feel I'm 12 again and I got that brand spanking new adventure game on 4 floppy disks.After 1 minute in the game, there is already a reference to an older Ron Gilbert game.Can't wait to play more, will update review when relevent."
76561197977251816,Not Recommended,569860,31207194,Posted: 17 April,all,Bharg,"Good graphics/soundLots of good jokesPuzzles are alright, except maybe threeSets up a lot of interesting mysteriesUltimately the story turns out to be hot garbage undermining everything that made it interesting"
76561198224804636,Not Recommended,569860,34987802,Posted: 15 September,all,stokeDstoka,The ending is a total disappointment.No big secrets or stunning final reveals at all.
,Not Recommended,569860,31017190,Posted: 8 April,all,El Botijo,"Thimbleweed Park is a point and click adventure game that wants to stay in the past. Even if I grew with old MMucasFlem, ehem, LucasArts games, I feel I moved on from some of the ideosyncrancies games like this one.For those you have not noticed that already, the game UI and art style evokes an era around 1990. You get a bottom side of the screen with both the verb list and the inventory. For those you did not live through that era, the developers even matched the verb list with the keyboard shortcuts. The story itself is also set in 1987, so it is hard not to think of nostalgia. Computers like the C64 are in the game.The problem I see is regarding the innovations the developers tried for this game. One of them that you will notice is that almost every location spans over one screen. I get that you can now make every location stretch, unlike earlier games like Monkey Island, where pan movement of the camera was a truly first for a game like that. However, it makes traversal slower. Add to that that stretched locations do not add much to the game at all, with them being empty. Cemetery is especially aggravating. Developers added some tricks to make traversal faster - and even so I feel it is a little bit slow to my taste.Another inguriating feature of the game is the multiple characters you take into control. This feature, when done correctly, does add something extra to the game. You shall expect actions that can only be done by a character, like the computer game designer being proficient with computers. There are a few situations where two characters need to do two separate things based on a timer, but that is all that it is. There is no direct interaction between characters except for transferring inventory items. Motivation of the different characters working together is non existant. One annoying feature of the game is that various characters do tell the same lines, just with different voice actors. There is an in-game joke that plays at the end of the game regarding that, although by that time I was alread past the annoyed phase.As with any graphic adventure game, inventory and dialogue puzzles are the centre piece of the game elements. They are OK, nothing too stravagant or anything like that. I need to add that puzzles can only be solved in specific acts inside the game. You might already have all the components, but you cannot get past that hurdle until the dialog option opens. Apart from that, they are not too far fetched. That is, if you assume characters are telepathic or something.The story is OK, although I do not particularly agree on how it is split.I am sure that those that Kickstarted the game like things like appearing in the phone book. As a non backer, I have mixed feelings about that. I feel it pads the game with unnecessary and distracting info. The worst idea is that you more or less need to watch an early video at the Kickstarter page in order to know how to solve a puzzle.I hope this review tells you which kind of game you are getting into. I was disconnected from the characters during most of the game, thus not really wanting to see what is next. If you have a lot of patience and endurance, feel free to apply."
,Not Recommended,569860,33353871,Posted: 7 July,all,Mozza,"Im a massive fan of old point and click adventures, especailly Monkey Island.  This is trying too hard to be like them, the jokse are old and have been done before and it just didnt do anything new on what the writer was doing back in the 90s.I personally dont reccomend it but I can imagine a lot of people really enjoying this one."
,Recommended,569860,33110098,Posted: 1 July,all,the peapod man ✅,.
76561198000094900,Not Recommended,569860,31001449,Posted: 7 April,all,swith,"This game is billed as a nostalgic throwback to the adventure games of the nineties, and it delivers on that a bit too much. I both enjoyed this game and was deeply annoyed with it the entire time I was playing.  I wish there was a third option between thumbs up and thumbs down.  Maybe a shrug.The good:-The puzzles! There are some really excellent puzzles in this game that require a bit of lateral thinking, but even when I was stuck the solution never felt unfair.  For the most part the game lets you figure out the solutions without too many hints, which is refreshing.-Multiple playable characters.  The townsfolk react differently to different people, which is fun and adds an extra dimension to the puzzle solving.  It's also fairly easy to  move between different locations, so haiving the wrong person in the wrong screen isn't really a problem.-The art and animations are really well doneThe bad:-The writing is a mixed bag.  The constant in-jokes and fourth wall breaking are really heavy handed - it's a steady stream of ""nudge-nudge wink-wink"" that gets to be obnoxious after an hour or so.  We get it.  We know who Ron Gilbert is, we know we're playing an adventure game (and if you don't, you aren't going to get the joke anyways).  I realise this is personal taste though and YMMV - if you love this sort of humour then you're in for a treat.-The ""plot twist"" is telegraphed from a mile away and is pretty cliche - it also makes the mysteries you've been trying to solve up until that point irrelevant, and the ending feels rushed.-The voice acting is wildly uneven.  I ended up turning it off and cranking up the text speed.If you love old-school adventure games and have played every game in the LucasArts catalogue multiple times, you've probably already bought the game.  If you're newer to the genre I'd suggest starting elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,569860,31435462,Posted: 29 April,all,smashington,"This game tries way too hard to be clever and funny The characters break the fourth wall constantly, it relies way too heavily on Lucasarts nostalgia and adventure game tropes (DAE think Sierra sucks?) but it all just falls flat and makes you roll your eyes. I can't say much for the puzzles because the text put me off from playing it any more in less than an hour. Refunded."
76561198017439967,Not Recommended,569860,31670377,Posted: 10 May,all,Mev,Not working (starting) with Debian Stretch
76561198092171474,Not Recommended,569860,31634601,Posted: 8 May,all,PhanTasM,"ugh,.. i reallllllllllly wanted to like this,.. but i couldn't get passed 20mins,..the voice acting is so cringe worthy, and the story is just forced, and feel like it tries too hard to feel like an older game like Maniac Mansion,.. but that game even being more basic is still more compelling to play than this,.. the characters are annoying not entertaining.I may get lots of thumbs down on this for being a negative review on a game from Ron,.. but hey,.. i'll buy Maniac Mansion if you remake that! lol... this was just too cringe worthy and flat..if you want to play a puzzle game it has the old puzzle styles to it,.. but the story just seems lost to bad voices and scripts"
,Not Recommended,569860,33870619,Posted: 28 July,all,BUALLSFACE,Hokey & on the nose but not in the way that one can expect from a good point & click adventure game. Tries far too hard and I had to quit after cringing through just 30 minutes of it. Was more like chaperoning your 13 year old little brothers edge-lord friends doing skate tricks in the mall parking lot than any actual compelling story game should be. From the get go this game presents boring tropes as if they're innovative and thought-provoking. Constantly breaking the fourth wall and beating vocabulary into you to the point where it gave me too much second-hand embarrassment for the game developers to continue. Wish that I could make it through more of the game without clawing my eardrums out if only because I feel like I just got ripped the hell off.
76561197979924804,Not Recommended,569860,30843495,Posted: 30 March,all,steph-an,"I am so torn with this game...The graphics and animations are awesome and the game mechanics perfect for an adventure.Even the voice acting is great.But.. It's just not funnyWatch the trailer with the clown. If you laughed there, you will like the game. Also stop reading.If not, chances are you won't find it funny. It is it's kind of humor.Some things just makes no sense.The Menu-Text, first thing you see, is the only thing rendered in high-res, not fitting in.For once, I chose hard mode, but had to click through a ""tutorial"" where it was explained that you can use the text-commands with objectives in the big pictures by big arrows pasted on that screenshot. Not explained in game or for me to find out. Just a screenshot after you hit ""start""You constantly switch between characters without any sense, the story is told in a strange way.And this constant fourth-wall-breaking of almost every character.Yeah, haha. The corpse is pixealting, the objects is rendered in a higher resolution then older games, I can talk with characters about the auto-save option and some punches to other point and click adventures are thrown totaly out of character and sometimes I am adressed directly as a player, telling me how much effort was put in this game, to a point it makes me feel unconfortable and wanting to write an personal thank you note for doing a good job.But not in a way it would fit or enrichens the world. It seems just to be in it, to be ""funny"".It feels like no one was feeling the jokes. Just like: ""yeah, throw that in, people will laugh. Simon the sorcerer pulled it off, too. Awesome, a reference to another game sitting in the audience, makes no sence but it is funny and we had no other place to put it in but had to for some reason""I played it for two hours and never had the feeling that I did something that I had to combine in a way that makes me think or I would go ""haha"" for it's strangeness/funniness/originality/anything. It's almost boring and seems to lead to nothing. But a lot of fourth-wall-breaking. Although the game haven't earned that right to me, to make so easy jokes..It's all too much, too crowded, not feeling like a whole and simply not classy about it's humor.But the nostalgia is high. I wished it would really feel like a game from that age when I opend it today. But jokes saying ""this computer here is so good, as it would be from the future in 2017""  -  haha, funny.. because it is actually 2017 now, or something.I really want to love that game. But it is making it so hard for me.Maybe I try again tomorrow.But it is somehow breaking my heart, because, except from it's marvelous graphics, great sound/voiceacting, awesome mechanics, it's just not an great adventure trying way too hard :("
76561198060301780,Not Recommended,569860,31471943,Posted: 30 April,all,rocco.salvetti,1. Good puzzles.2. Can't skip dialogues until the voice-acting is finished.3. Broken saving system.4. Point 2 gets tedious when combined with point 3.5. Point 2 get tedious when you are stuck and need to repeat actions to experiment.6. I can't take repetition any longer and I won't continue.7. The voice acting is bad.
76561198082959862,Not Recommended,569860,31025503,Posted: 8 April,all,alopex-lagopus,I have nothing to add to the reviews before. All of them are accurate and true.
,Not Recommended,569860,30973781,Posted: 5 April,all,mœ §º¿¸º§,20€ > $20http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=258341602
76561197999866270,Not Recommended,569860,30969488,Posted: 5 April,all,Wykstromius,"Your first five minutes:A statement about socialized health care and it's importanceA statement eco-shaming people for throwing out trashA dissertation on how to make a game the 'right' way by eliminating deaths and dead ends.Seriously, if this is what Ron Gilbert has to turn to in order to voice his political and social opinions then I'm simply not interested.  I LOVED his earlier games, but his motivations are just TOO heavy handed in the dialogue, and as others have mentioned, the sheer amount of fourth wall shenanigans wears thin fast, leaving you with an indie game that, were it not for Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick's involvement, likely would be received much more poorly.Half the dialogue seems to be trying to bank on earlier games he worked on with callback after callback, reference after reference, and frankly, it plays out as desperate rather than nostalgiac.I just can't recommend a game with so much soapboxing and back-slapping in it.  An entertainment title is NOT the place for it."
,Not Recommended,569860,30896150,Posted: 2 April,all,SexyFlanders,"Game is quite nice, but way too short.  I personally did not like the end at all. I finihed it on hard in 12 hours."
76561198010739827,Not Recommended,569860,32999490,Posted: 29 June,all,Dar,"The game doesn't launch and merely indicates ""Running..."", which is the first time I've had this issue on Steam out of my entire Steam library. (Windows 10, High-spec computer) This forces me to force-close it in the Windows task manager after leaving it sitting there for 5 minutes.Under the Support section, the devs seem to suggest wonderfully helpful solutions such as verifying the integrity of the game cache (no errors detected) or to send them an e-mail at their support desk just in order to get their bloody game to run (Come on now, how much more difficult could it be to mess up a game which looks as technically complicated as something made in ScummVM?).Well, I'm sorry, but I have no intention of wasting my time sitting through your stupid tech support. As of this moment, I own 188 games on Steam and I'd much rather play one of the other 187 games which actually work, than to sit down and compose romantic epistles to some underpaid drudge who probably spends all her or his time dealing with compatibility issues like these (judging from how many people are asking for technical support for this game). I'm trying to enjoy myself, not create more work for myself by beta testing your damn game for you."
76561198014119504,Recommended,569860,30898393,Posted: 2 April,all,The Muffin Man,Very reminiscent of Monkey Island and the other great adventure games we grew up with. I hope they get on with another one asap!
76561198036350747,Recommended,569860,30898127,Posted: 2 April,all,qapitan,"This game is a true old school adventure games homage. Full of fun references! If you like Maniac Mansion, Monkey Island and Lucas Arts adventures, pick up this!"
,Recommended,569860,30879208,Posted: 1 April,all,NefariousDragon,Utterly fantastic
76561198078508488,Recommended,569860,30896122,Posted: 2 April,all,edukorzo,"Just Awesome, I love it. At the beginning everything was easy but then the puzzle became harder. I would say that's another masterpiece of Ron Gilbert"
76561198001221958,Recommended,569860,30892590,Posted: 1 April,all,TheArchitect,"Video game humour is back!!!(Proper) Adventure games is back!!!After decades of being suffocated, killed and buried by Duke, Lara, Nathan and that dude with the helmut."
,Recommended,569860,30893286,Posted: 1 April,all,Turbosloot,Quite simply the greatest point and click adventure game I have ever played. Do yourself a favor and buy this game!!!When you're finished buy the Monkey Island series
,Recommended,569860,30888595,Posted: 1 April,all,e7chan,If you love adventure games you need to pick this one up!!! Incredibly funny and challenging puzzles!
76561197968595837,Recommended,569860,30891047,Posted: 1 April,all,BanyanVINES,Came for a great adventure game. Stayed for an AMAZING new adventure in the Maniac Mansion universe.SO. GOOD.
,Recommended,569860,30891434,Posted: 1 April,all,steviefar,As a massive fan of Ron Gilbert point and click adventure games such as Monkey Island & Maniac mansion this is the game I have been craving for years. A few hours in it is ticking all my nostalgic boxes whilst offering something new. I recomend highly to all fans of this genre.
,Recommended,569860,30891493,Posted: 1 April,all,Darkcast,"Words cannot describe how much I love this game.  And I've only played for 5 hours and have spent at least an hour and a half wandering in circles trying to solve a puzzle.  My stream has watched my literally giggle like a schoolgirl with joy over this game.Pros:Humor.  This game has that Monkey Island humor and nails it perfectly.  If you liked the humor Monkey Island and Maniac Mansion you'll love this gameGreat puzzles.  While some of the solutions are out there, that's typical Ron Gilbert's games (i mean♥♥♥♥♥♥you fed a fish to a troll to pass a bridge back in MI1).  While the solutions are out there, they don't see wtfish (like using a pie to defeat a yeti in king's quest 5).Fun story. I'm not to far yet but I'm loving the story and the charactersMade by the legendary Ron Gilbert.There is definately a joke every 2 minutesYou'll finally learn the true secret to Monkey Island. But it may not be what you expect.Cons:It's really good. And like they say. All good things come to an end.  I wish this game would never end.  I could literally play it forever.For 20 bucks this game is more than worth it!  If you grew up in the 90s playing these point and click adventure games then you will love it.  If you're new to the genre you'll love it as well."
,Recommended,569860,30890131,Posted: 1 April,all,Smash JT,"Quick thoughts: If you like Maniac Mansion, you will LOVE this game. If you haven't played Maniac Mansion, you may still find it awesome, as long as you enjoy Point and Click adventure games.The storyline is incredible and really carries the player without any hand holding. May cause a bit of frustration for those who seek immediate gratification when you get stuck (and you will get stuck, multiple times).Make sure you try your best to critically think about a solution before searching online for answers (IMHO). Fully worth the $19.99 price tag to me, and I'm the kind of person that normally waits for sales. Not this time.. Great job and congrats to the entire development team! Please keep making games like this!! -JTMy full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zla1dM5wOXA"
76561198070630122,Recommended,569860,30914885,Posted: 2 April,all,Koi_FCB,"Anyone who likes point and click games will definitely enjoy this game. I love it, brings memories about the late 80's and early 90's point and click.I just can't waitto hear Ron Gilber announce when is he back at work to release another masterpiece like Thimbleweed Park."
76561198014545698,Recommended,569860,30906346,Posted: 2 April,all,blazeti,"A lot of challenging puzzles and a (slightly) updated old-school adventure game. I enjoyed the humor and surreal world, reminiscent of Maniac Mansion and Zak McKrakken where tabloid stories are real."
,Recommended,569860,30900483,Posted: 2 April,all,Kaisentlaia,"I've played plenty of games on steam but Thimbleweed Park is the first game I decided to review.TL;DR 11/10 would collect dust specks and watch a cursed clown apply anti-itch lotion inside his pants again.Ron Gilbert did an amazing work of bringing back the classic and making it still fresh and enjoyable. Being a big fan of Lucasfilm, Lucasart and especially Ron Gilbert's work, I fell completely in love with this game. The 9 hours of gameplay in hard mode (I'm a seasoned adventure game player) were perfect and I loved every single minute of it. The puzzles are fun, there's plenty of stupid puns, metagaming, the pixel art is stunning and overall this is the best adventure game I played in the last 20 years.Should you buy this game? If you love adventure games, yes. If you played Monkey Island, Day of The Tentacle, Maniac Mansion or any other Ron Gilbert's game, definitely yes! You will love it. And if you have no idea of what I'm talking about? Hell yeah. You could discover a whole new world of gaming, and if you hate it... well you will have the gratitude of all the people who love it for supporting the devs and giving them the means to make another one. My only regret is that I didn't know about the kickstarter, I would have wanted to give them MORE money!"
,Recommended,569860,30868496,Posted: 31 March,all,Dokurai,10/10 Would Collect-a-reno dust-a-who again-a-boo.
,Recommended,569860,30912741,Posted: 2 April,all,SnIpeR,"Great sound, great dialogue, beautiful art style, classic Gilbert."
76561198031909148,Recommended,569860,30907156,Posted: 2 April,all,jotarun,"Old fashion Point'n'Click Adventure game with modern twist.If you like this genre, you should not miss it."
,Recommended,569860,30912445,Posted: 2 April,all,𝓒𝖚𝔃𝙎𝙞𝙢𝙥𝞝,"Just finished the game, It's amazing, I loved the maniac mansion and monkey island refrences, the graphics, dialog & the script are amazing, Cons :some puzzles were poorly executed.the goal being unclear.Pros :anything else about the games,the nostalgia,again the refrences,cool story,and a funny clownI still love Gilberts adventure games and cannot wait to see what's next!!"
76561198034160753,Recommended,569860,30911213,Posted: 2 April,all,Vorpal_Cupcake,"This game is worth playing. If you enjoy puzzles, weird, secretive towns, and/or old-school adventure games, I would definitely recommend it.It was fun exploring the little town of Thimbleweed and learning what happened to put it in its current state. The apparent conspiracy going on also kept me interested throughout my playthrough. I wondered what was going on with the ""signals"" mentioned by the Pigeon Sisters and others.Here's a short look. I don't think there are any open spoilers below really, but proceed with caution?Pros:-Fun puzzles, just challenging enough, not too nonsensical.-An interesting setting and premise.-Likeable characters (even Ransome, at least it was fun playing him).-Great soundtrack and nice, retro graphics.-Entertaining jokes.-I left feeling sad that my time with the main characters had ended.Cons:-Many NPCs seem flat (har har) and static not providing much interaction.-The ending may be disappointing or unsatisfying to some.-There are also plot inconsistencies via comments made by characters that I noticed. I won't mention them here, because they were kind of frustrating when I was trying to get into the game. If you don't notice them, that's for the best. They were minor things, but still.Alright, here's the essay I accidentally wrote:I was really looking forward to this, and my playthrough just revealed so much untapped potential. It felt very flat in some ways, like my interactions with NPCs seemed to be lacking depth. I know you have to carefully consider what lines you want characters to say because they have to be recorded, but... I would have loved to seen more. More from Madam Morena, who barely seemed to feature at all. More from the Pizza guy (Chet, I think?)Maybe I'm just being greedy. I did love the little touches, and most of the jokes, the call-backs. There were moments that made me laugh pretty hard. ThinkFranklin trying to be ""hip.""I went in with high expectations, but I also went in wanting to love this game with every fibre of my being. I watched the process of it being made and just knew it was going to be something special. And it is. It's definitely unusual.But like others have said, I felt the ending was a cop-out. Maybe that's in the tradition of similar mystery/sci-fi/x-files-esque media? Just like Twin Peaks, really.Honestly, I almost wish you had been able to choose one character at the beginning and then stick with them. Or at least talk to the others. I wanted to see Delores interact with the agents, Ransom, etc., which never really happened.Thinking about it, I just wish the game would developed the conspiracies a little better. I know there are only so many avenues you can take with a plot like this, but by the end it hardly seemed like Ray and Reyes, the original characters from the Kickstarter, mattered at all by the end. It almost seemed like two games spliced together. One with the agents, and one with Dolores where the agents are just vessels to move items around and help with puzzles. (Sorry, Reyes. I still love you.)Either way, I would play it again. I really hope it makes enough money for them to produce more and better games. The talent is there! Also, I wouldn't mind seeing Dolores again. She was a lovely character."
76561197996381121,Recommended,569860,30916244,Posted: 2 April,all,russellfs,I have just finished a play through of Thimbleweed Park on the harder difficulty. I was not a backer. I thought the game was fun without a walk through but I have played many adventure games. I think the designers nailed the difficulty. When I got stuck on one puzzle I would just roll on to trying to solve a different one. This is aided by a fairly open world most of the time. I got stuck fairly hard twice but had fun reading some of the many silly books in the library or listening to a few phone messages left by backers till I thought of something new to try. In one of the cases it helped to remember something new I had just got access to to help solve the puzzle.I would recommend this game to people who grew up with the old adventure games in the 1990's or are interested to see some of the magic some of those games had. Beware if you hate 4th wall breaking. This game does that a bunch. I for one loved this game!
76561197965305039,Recommended,569860,30910154,Posted: 2 April,all,Pulgasari,"I really loved the game, a great homage by two masters of the genre. Thank you Ron and Gary for showing again how its done, I think this is another classic for your resumés.That said you probably have to have lived through that era of the classics to fully appreciate what this game is doing.Im sure most people can enjoy it though, just stay away from that google button or you will really ruin your experience, frustration is your friend!"
,Recommended,569860,30910892,Posted: 2 April,all,martijnf,"The locations, the characters, the storyline, the jokes, the puzzles. Everything about this game is great-a-reno.If you like adventure games, this is your game. If you've never played an adventure game, this is a great introduction.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,569860,31082184,Posted: 11 April,all,LadySamus,"I love this game! Huge Maniac Mansion fan, this makes me feel like I'm playing it all over again, with new bells and whistles that make it even more enjoyable. I highly recommend this game for anyone who loves adventure games, and holds a special place in their hearts for the makers of Maniac Mansion.I actually made a paper machet model of the Maniac Mansion for when I was in grade school, complete with little figurines of all the Edisons and the main protagonists, all the furniture... even the Edsel! Got away with an A-plus, too. Wish I still had the pictures of that...."
76561198013741629,Recommended,569860,31076534,Posted: 11 April,all,Radiofloyd90,"Wonderful game. I played for 14 hours without using a guide but in the end hit a brick wall and had to google the solution to a few puzzles in order to make progress.  Those puzzles weren't necessarily more difficult than the puzzles I had already solved, but after 14 hours of puzzle solving...my old brain said ""no more"". It says something about how much I loved this game that I spent two or three hours trying everything to solve those remaining puzzles (and I solved a lot of puzzles in that time, but not them all).Thimbleweed Park starts gently but expands to include a remarkable web of puzzles. The overall effect - I think anyone who has completed the game will agree - is very, very impressive.I've only talked about the puzzles but there are so many other positive aspects to Thimbleweed Park. Not least the ending, which will put a smile on the face of anyone who's been following this game from the beginning. I won't say any more. :)"
,Recommended,569860,31079133,Posted: 11 April,all,gullevek,"This game is really fantastic. I am really very positivly surprised by this because some other adventure games I have played recently didn't really were that good after all.But Thimbleweed Park has amazing writing, awesome art, good voice acting and amazing music. It really is fantastic, and the length is also perfect. Not too short, but not too long to feel overly drawn out.In general the jokes are good, but sometimes they might be a bit too much inside gags that a lot of people will not understand.And here is the only negative thing, people like me, who played all the old LucasArts adventure games will love this game and get all the jokes. But people who haven't or are younger, they will not get them and might rather think they are stupid or not funny at all.But besides this, if you loved the old Adventure games, this game is a must buy. A real must."
,Recommended,569860,31089949,Posted: 11 April,all,Rudy Riot,Feels like an old LucasFilm game - good stuff :)
76561198287718248,Recommended,569860,31087647,Posted: 11 April,all,Lalolana,I Loved it although I am stuck but I still love it. specially Ransome the clown. I may be the only one how like him. it is because he did not tell a joke about me.
,Recommended,569860,31093564,Posted: 12 April,all,littlease,Brilliant!
,Recommended,569860,31093384,Posted: 12 April,all,Fwed1,An amazing game. If you liked the old Monkey Island games you will love this!
,Recommended,569860,31263472,Posted: 20 April,all,garrett,"So much fun! If you liked Maniac Mansion, Monkey Island or one of the other old LucasArts games, you will love this gem!"
,Recommended,569860,31282471,Posted: 21 April,all,Bumfin Man,"Pretty decent and fun point n click game. I didn't care much for the backtracking, made worse by having multiple characters- sometimes you needed an item but it was on a different character.Otherwise a real good throwback to the old greats."
76561198063457042,Recommended,569860,31328202,Posted: 23 April,all,Tugg Speedman,"I highly suggest this game to anyone looking for a great adventure game!  Having grown up on games like police quest, kings quest, Lesiure suit larry, monkey island, grim fandango, sam n max, maniac mansion, day of the tentacly, full throttle, disc world and many more I might be forgetting, this really brought back the casual relaxed adventure game ""play a story"" style game.  The only thing I can really complain about would be the ending, like a lot of reviews mentioned it doesn't really tie the characters stories together very well.  It sort of is like a place holder ending, and it seems to be aware of that.  If you check out the title on a certain betamax tape, ""Blazing saddles""  Great movie, terrible ending :)"
,Recommended,569860,31318808,Posted: 23 April,all,GaNjAlF 3ö~,"Great retro point and click adventure game. This game felt like a 80/90 classic Lucasart game: the humor, the quirky characters, the story, the music and setting.Highly reccomended to everyone searching for a great point and click adventure game."
,Recommended,569860,31240819,Posted: 19 April,all,Barba-Q,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this a great game. Fan service wherever you move your cursor, addictive story and gameplay, smart riddles to solve and lots and lots of stuff to do, some puzzles just leads to nowhere but a joke, you're always making progress somehow and you just can't stop stumblin through Thimbleweed Park discovering new things everywhere.In short, you like point'n click adventures? Go get it. You liked the good old SCUMM styled classics? You'll love it. Remember the starrings from Maniac Mansion? Get ready to shout your joy into the screen.But theres one thing I can't get over with. The fact you're playin several characters is pretty cool, but the devs missed out any interaction between them, theres no connection, no motivation doing things for each other, nothing. Characterdevelopment is just that particular thing in this game wich's a _big_ missed opportunity here. Later ingame you need to interact between characters wich never had any interaction ever and it just makes no sense at all. Especially at one point with no clue what to do one dude needs to do a thing for another one without ANY reason at all and it drives me crazy. Just one or two dialogues more between them and this game would be pure gold.Anyway, don't get me wrong this games i so much the awesomness, but it could be so much more.Sad at this point, but after all that ragin, in the end I cried like a child at the end and I loved it. It's one of those games I'll tell my children about."
76561198031510894,Recommended,569860,31238055,Posted: 19 April,all,mrsyates4227,Made me think back on the days when I first played Monkey Island and other point and click adventures!
76561198249575438,Recommended,569860,31212968,Posted: 17 April,all,EvoLifeSword,"The game was great, the 4th wall breaks were funny as.Honestly, I'm gonna sad that I played the game in casual mode first, because it was way too easy.Anyway, the game is fantastic and it all ends super well."
,Recommended,569860,31231205,Posted: 18 April,all,AGA,"Great, in an old skool way.The one downside I'd say is the lack of unique interactions for each character - as it is, all characters have almost identical reactions when you interact with objects.  Would also be nice to have 'look at' interactions for all objects, not just those character don't have anything else to do with.  Aside from that though, really a great game!"
,Recommended,569860,31230798,Posted: 18 April,all,B121GGS,A good flashback to adventure games of the past. Good story and worth the time 8/10.
,Recommended,569860,31254941,Posted: 20 April,all,Muldjord,"What an amazing game! Great puzzle design, fantasticly fleshed out characters with funny and interesting dialogue. This game is big! And it's open! But at the same time, it all makes sense. Well, not in the sense that the story is predictable (not in the least), but the design of the game never let's you get stuck in a way that is frustrating. And it is not because of handholding. It is because of some very well thought out design choices.There's absolutely nothing about this game I don't like. It's everything I could have hoped it would be. And I'm sad it had to end... I mean, finishing the game made me sad, because then I was done with it... And I didn't want it to end!!!"
76561198125629129,Recommended,569860,31245987,Posted: 19 April,all,Foochur,Lovely made game! Enjoyed every second of it!10/10
76561198014054945,Recommended,569860,31242731,Posted: 19 April,all,CHIGGN,"So Far loveing every Minute it feels like 25 years ago sitting in my room on a 386 Playing  trying to winthe spit contest while thinking of totally becomeing a pirate when i am grown up.The atmosphere in the game is well done and the music fits while the graphics and nicely doneand i dont care that they dont look like a 2017 game because thats what this isnt supposed to be.Additionally i switched the fonts to old school so it even looks like a game thats from my childhood.Playing with mouse or even controler works well( i think tomorrow i will play this with wireless mouse and a beer on the couch )the puzzles are fun so far but not too hard they feel just right.what is there more to say , if you look for an old school adventure that takes you back to the good ol daysthen buy it, from what i have read you ( and i ^^ ) will probably need about 12-15 hours to solve themistery in this strange town and i think for that price its time well spend.so far no crashes/bugs or other funny stuff encountered"
76561197972908084,Recommended,569860,31305438,Posted: 22 April,all,zappak,"Awesome adventure game that reminds me of days past. Very challenging on hard mode. References to Day of the Tentacle if you look carefully and I've read that Maniac Mansion may be an appropriate primer if you have never played an adventure game before especially this style adventure. Use of action verbs as well as point and click style of play. Some puzzles require use of multiple characters to pull off as for most of the content you will have optional control of at least two characters. The story is great, but there is definitely mature content throughout and I would not recommend for kids."
76561197967730414,Recommended,569860,32893056,Posted: 27 June,all,=HGW= Free Kill,Excellent story and challenging but not too hard puzzles.
76561198008225152,Recommended,569860,32913525,Posted: 27 June,all,Eldrazi,def one of my favorite point and click games on here! so much call backs to old school point and click games. anyone who buys it won't be dissapointed with the game
,Recommended,569860,32906024,Posted: 27 June,all,Jean Luc Pierre,Perfect for old-school point-n-click adventure junkies!
76561198234032736,Recommended,569860,33159251,Posted: 2 July,all,Rezine,haha that game is so funny wih all the references to the previous games from LucasArts era.the pixalated environment and characters with the environments are great and the story is hilarious.loved this game
76561198346949095,Recommended,569860,33168645,Posted: 2 July,all,bethany.lynn.palmer,I LOVED it!
76561198138224197,Recommended,569860,33162874,Posted: 2 July,all,spike984,Very fun.
,Recommended,569860,33161560,Posted: 2 July,all,teanahk,Fun game filled with great humour
,Recommended,569860,32539618,Posted: 18 June,all,jerryfudd,Only an hour and a half in but great game..... its just the Monkey Island fix Ive been looking for all these years - hope there are more to come :|)
76561198025973657,Recommended,569860,33327874,Posted: 6 July,all,Phenom,Feels like im back in time and playing those good old adventure games again. Makes me wish they can make Monkey Island again....
76561198074739703,Recommended,569860,33310911,Posted: 6 July,all,Igg,Nostalgia and mature humor meets slick animation for fans of the genre.
76561198268483534,Recommended,569860,33346379,Posted: 7 July,all,NoScopingJFK,"If you are a fan of nostalgia, point-and-click adventures, and loved the LucasArts and Sierra games, then you must play this. It's excellent."
,Recommended,569860,33259792,Posted: 4 July,all,snarkydonald,This game made me dust off all my old point-and-clicks and relive the good ole days.Very few games have ever accomplished that. What a great overall experience.
76561198014384587,Recommended,569860,33294543,Posted: 5 July,all,threepwood,"As atmospheric of a game world as I can ever remember experiencing in a point/click adventure. The game was so compelling that I finished it in two (very long) sittings. Interface, inventory etc. is highly similar to Monkey Island and the like.  Playable characters are all interesting in their own right, and voices, behaviors and dialogue always fit nicely. The game's progression felt masterfully crafted, and the last chapter of the game was a masterpiece of adventure game story closure.If you have any love for pixel art and for the point and click adventure style of game, you'll likely agree with all those who find this game to be so outstanding. Goodness knows I do."
,Recommended,569860,33381670,Posted: 8 July,all,Cakeface,As close to a lucas arts -point and click nostalgia handy-j as you can get.
76561197996595439,Recommended,569860,33328834,Posted: 6 July,all,maritza,"If you loved Monkey Island and want to feel the warm fuzzies again, this game will throw you back. This is what happened to me. Thimbleweed Park is an interesting, atmospheric, and hilarious game that will twist your brain into knots while tickling your funny bone. Fans of Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥and Twin Peaks, I think you should get this game. It's a steal for the price and it's lovingly, painstakingly crafted to its very detail. Get it, don't regret it."
,Recommended,569860,33428772,Posted: 10 July,all,[ONU] Chupacabra,"If, like me, you grew playing point and click adventure games (especially the Sierra and LucasArts ones), you'll love Thimbleweed Park! Really fun, not (too) frustrating, chock full of references, great voice acting and awesome art! I really recommend it!"
76561198042938514,Recommended,569860,33437236,Posted: 10 July,all,shineonharvestmoon,This was one of the most entertaining and addictive point and clicks I have played in awhile. I love that you play 5 different characters. The graphics and gameplay remind me of Monkey Island.
76561198169028353,Recommended,569860,30846602,Posted: 30 March,all,KevinKC,"Thimbleweed Park is a perfect point'n'click. Nothing necessarily new or revolutionary, just a good story, good characters and good puzzles. Funny and dark.And the ending is neither rushed nor disappointing, it's really not what people think it is."
,Recommended,569860,31124321,Posted: 13 April,all,SteadyChaos,A not to miss modern classic for those who long for the days of Monkey Island
76561198007349915,Recommended,569860,31126404,Posted: 13 April,all,SemiJesus,An attempted revival of the old school point and click genre which sadly just highlights why the genre died in the first place. It does very little to try and expand the very limited gameplay elements that there are in this kind of game (puzzles and exploration). That being said it is a very well written game and the puzzles are probably the best of any LucasArts game I've played. I recomend it to anyone who enjoys old school point and click adventure games.
,Recommended,569860,31128920,Posted: 13 April,all,jdofwv,"I had a really hard time deciding whether I should recommend this or not and I guess it comes to a yes.It's really high quality and interesting.  The puzzles are good, the voices are good, the art is well done.Just get it on sale, I don't think the developers should be able to get away entirely with what they did.Now I want to rant, but mostly about plot elements.****************SPOILERS***********************The ending felt like a total ripoff.  To me it wasn't like they were pulling off a clever meta ending, they were just saying ""We're out of time!  Let's use these old♥♥♥♥♥♥assets (wtf is with the wireframe world otherwise?) and make Dolores make some just-obvious-enough comments!""  They could've had a really well fleshed out ending if they would've gone with AI takes over the master and makes duplicate-arinos throughout town but what they went with was total garbage.Also, there are a ton of unresolved issues.  I think you can free willy one way or another but that shouldn't be an option, it should be part of the main story.  What was the deal with the original murder?  Show me some details around Franklin's demise!  Where is the resolution between Ransome and the occult bookstore woman?  Delores's sister seemed entirely under developed.Ultimately, I want the developers to do more point and clicks of this quality in the future, but I really don't want this undercooked trash.  I know they're capable of making something truly great but this isn't it."
76561198019599029,Recommended,569860,31190660,Posted: 16 April,all,MegaMan,"Incredible. I don't want this game to stop. I play Zak McKracken, Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island once every few years. Not in my keenest dreams would I have imagined that there would be a worthy successor to those all-time classics at some point. Thimbleweed Park is a ton of fun. Go and play it."
76561198027742253,Recommended,569860,31187548,Posted: 16 April,all,Hubba the Jut,10/10
,Recommended,569860,31188451,Posted: 16 April,all,Deltarr,"I loved to play point and click games on my C64 and Amiga at the time (yes I'm old ^^) and this game is a true successor to Maniac Mansion or Zak McKracken !Thimbleweed Park is a wonderful present to all the gamers who love adventure games.The game is full of what made MM or Zak great games ! Good plot, funny and weird characters and LOTS of humor.Ron Gilbert and his team did an awesome job in the true spirit of old point and click games (unlike Tim Schaffer who did not deliver what he promised -imho- )If you love fun and smart adventure games, play Thimbleweed Park !"
,Recommended,569860,31162726,Posted: 15 April,all,Sonny Crockett,"I rarely write reviews, but this game deserves one.This was fantastic. I was zapped right back into my childhood. The countless references to LucasArts games constantly kept me chuckling and happy.I did not expect such games would still be made but here it is. I just hope there will be more to come."
,Recommended,569860,31166896,Posted: 15 April,all,DMbot,"An example for a revival game that not only lives up to its spirtual predecessors, but in many ways surpasses them. This game is definitely modern classic, and one of the finest point & click adventures I've played."
,Recommended,569860,31048315,Posted: 9 April,all,Mochi,*[beephole]* AWESOME!!
76561198175502599,Recommended,569860,31047186,Posted: 9 April,all,Mimimonkey_No.1,Couldn't have wished or expected a more enjoyable or fresh take on a classic Lucasarts adventure. When Ron says it was his and Gary Winnicks' idea to create a game from that period that you find in an old dusty drawer they were not joking. It hits you in the feels too. <3
,Recommended,569860,31050524,Posted: 9 April,all,tomservo,"What you've heard is true: this game is a solid love letter to classic LucasArts-style adventure gaming. Full of in-jokes, clever writing, and some truly difficult puzzles, Thimbleweed Park is worth every freaking penny you're about to put down on it.Ron Gilbert hasn't lost his touch. At all. Congratulations to the team on this excellent game."
76561198199908428,Recommended,569860,31050672,Posted: 9 April,all,ForceFlare,"Just like back in the old times of LucasArts Games, they finally release another point & click adventure game. I totally wanted this because I played all the Monkey Island games about 100 times over and over again, which is similar to this game. I like how you can change into multiple characters in flashbacks and the present. I've always wanted another game like this.Totally recommended!"
,Recommended,569860,31108729,Posted: 12 April,all,MaD_RaBBiT,Even the bad jokes are good
76561198046538734,Recommended,569860,31104899,Posted: 12 April,all,adzthewise,"Amazing game, totally exceeded the hype and am guarenteed to buy the next one... hurry up! :)"
,Recommended,569860,31101929,Posted: 12 April,all,Humpparitari,Must-play for adventure game fans.
76561198040899012,Recommended,569860,31096046,Posted: 12 April,all,bchaston,"Thimbleweed Park is exactly what it says it is: a SCUMM styled point and click adventure game made by the original SCUMM team! Set during the golden age of adventure games in 1987, Thimbleweed Park takes you on a whirlwind journey with a cast of unique characters and humorous dialogue. If you've played any of the old LucasArts adventure games, you will feel right at home, as this feels like the long lost love child of Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island. The game has tons of references and callbacks aimed at veteran gamers. This is truly an experience you will not want to miss."
76561197992082934,Recommended,569860,31117010,Posted: 13 April,all,Captain Suction,"Thimbleweed Park is an old school style adventure game along similar lines to Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle. For the most part it succeeds in matching or in some ways bettering those games. Thimbleweed Park is definitely longer and contains five playable characters, but I still think those classic games have an X factor partially missing here. But then again maybe it's because I was about 12 when I played those games. Anyway, this is a must buy for adventure game fans. I thought the ending was really clever. 12.5 hours is a great length for an adventure game and it would have been longer if I hadn't used a few hints along the way."
,Recommended,569860,31111941,Posted: 13 April,all,Lord_MonkeyFist,"Love this game, spiritual successor to Maniac Mansion and Day of the Tentacle with classic Ron GIlbert humor such as Maniac Mansion.It's a must for any Lucas Arts adventure game fan. While it's a throwback in many senses, it still does push forward a little bit. The layering makes for beautiful pixel art with depth in some areas. Over-all great design.One complaint is I wish puzzles were contained to the seperate parts a little more rather than lasting throughout. It confused me near the end of the gameI was very satisfied with the ending, yes it can be underwhelming in a sense but if you watch for the post credits, I feel it's very succesful ending."
76561198183079430,Recommended,569860,31113323,Posted: 13 April,all,flxd,"I loved it, for me it managed to recapture the magic of classic adventure games like the Monkey Island series."
76561198027214347,Recommended,569860,31116604,Posted: 13 April,all,maniacus.gd,"If you liked LucasArts adventure games, you have to play this!"
76561198066051842,Recommended,569860,31113257,Posted: 13 April,all,Armfog,"Brilliant game, hope they make more games like this. It feels exacly like the quality point and click adventure games of my youth.I almost feel sorry for having played it, because i cant experience it like the first time again."
76561198069851549,Recommended,569860,31112543,Posted: 13 April,all,Kodiak0727,Great game
76561198030729041,Recommended,569860,31119754,Posted: 13 April,all,tomekumb,"Great game! Really brings back memories when adventure games ruled. I love the design and art direction though I think I like smaller heads better (like in Monkey Island 2). But overall everything from characters, world design and backgrounds are really well done. I hope that there will be sequel or another point'n' click in this style soon. I would definitely buy it. Pls Ron make adventure games great AGAIN!"
76561197981862840,Recommended,569860,31120022,Posted: 13 April,all,ragoster,Alot of fun with this game!
76561198074350885,Recommended,569860,31122213,Posted: 13 April,all,Michelle,"With a storyline that gains depth with every chapter, I'd reccomend this game to a friend. I'd probably reccomend playing the casual version to someone if they don't want to go through hard mode scowering the map for a nickle; It took me a really long time to realize that *SPOILER*, if you look past where the guy in the Quickie Pal typically stands, theres a sign that says they'll take a bottle off your hands and give you five cents. Much of the time, the puzzles weren't too bad. You can often figure out what to do based on the name of the current chapter, which dialogues keep reappearing when talking to various characters, and comments your character says. However, there were quite a few moments like the one I mentioned with the nickle. Another example is *SPOILER* how you are supposed to find ice cream (i-scream?) ghost cake. Well, you're not. You're supposed to freeze regular ghost cake. Also, why would I *SPOILER* ever pour toxic/radioactive waste into a puddle? Well, the answer is, I wouldn't. Just like I wouldn't normally pick up specks of dust whenever I see them. But that's the thing about this game; you have to do things you wouldn't normally think to do.Overall, this game is creative, has a wonderful storyline, and requires some out of the box thinking. At times, I wished there were some more hints as to which direction to take (if you go down the wrong train of thought, it can take a bit to realize that it's time to switch gears), but for someone who doesn't rush through games for the storyline like I do, this would be a great purchase. This is a game for someone who is in it for the experience of the game, rather than the story behind it."
76561198383412568,Recommended,569860,31451039,Posted: 29 April,all,adio_zoi,"Great game, took me 25 years back..."
76561198323557843,Recommended,569860,31452964,Posted: 29 April,all,Electricist,"After playing Maniac Mansion and Zak McKracken on my Commodore 64 as a kid,  I was always a huge fan of Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick games.  Once finding out they released a new adventure game, I was quick to grab it. Now only a few hours into it,  So far they have not disappointed me.  With it's retro look and a ton of call backs and easter eggs to their previous works already mentioned,  as well as others like Monkey Island,  This game has it all.  Puzzle solving, Comedy and a great story line makes for one awesome time.  This for me is one of those games where I really don't want it to end.  I hope they added some multiple endings or some kind of replay value?  But I highly doubt it seeing as it only seems to head in one direction. I really hope this game paves the way for future devolopers to follow suit with more adventure games like this."
,Recommended,569860,31500169,Posted: 1 May,all,Imogenery,"This game clobbered me with nostalgia.As a lover of both Sierra and LucasArts games, I was instantly transported back to the past. (The jabs at Sierra Online were particularly glorious for me, by the way.)  Despite having never truly forgotten my childhood gaming loves, Thimbleweed Park brought me back in ways I hadn't anticipated.That said, I don't feel the nostalgia is a barrier to enjoyment for younger players. It's still totally accessible and, in my opinion, doesn't have a stitch of snobbishness about it. The design stands on its own and is accessible to all players.Being a writer myself, the dialogue was what lured me in immediately. It's clever and dry and full of fourth wall breaks - all things I love.Also, given that I'm a massive Twin Peaks/David Lynch fan, the music and oftentimes bizarre characters/situations made me instantly think of the cult TV show. For me, that was glorious.There's so much more I could say about Thimbleweed Park, but I'm hesitant because I don't want to spoil anything. That and I think everyone should go into this game with as little info as possible.All in all, I think Ron Gilbert, Gary Winnick et al created characters that I latched onto more easily than most AAA titles are tossing out there right now. I know it's not everyone's prerogative, but characterization is a huge deal for me (well, most of the time ... there are always exceptions, of course). The interactive storytelling in Thimbleweed Park scratched an itch I haven't been able to reach for some time. When the end of the game came, I was thrilled to have finished it, yet sad to leave the characters behind.I know that it can be crazy frustrating to get stuck in these sorts of games, but I hate having to spoil things for myself by looking things up. Thankfully, I found this resource via David Fox:http://philome.la/IndieGames_Muso/tiny-incremental-hints-for-thimbleweed-parkIt's a non-spoilery reference for the game that saved me from pulling hairs at several points."
,Recommended,569860,31477101,Posted: 30 April,all,Arborpunk,"I thought it was fun! I played on casual mode as I have played very few of the old verb-based adventure games, and I thought the puzzle difficulty was fine; I got stumped a couple times but not for very long.The story was fine up until the very, very end, where it went off into a kind of...strange...direction that I didn't particularly care for.Regardless of theextremelymeta nature of the ending, I don't think it's a good idea to have a puzzle that requires looking beyond the game in order to solve without clicking the object on every other object. It breaks the immersion and what if you were playing this offline and couldn't access the internet in order to watch the original kickstarter video? That might be fine for Adventure Game veterans but I found it offputting.Barring that though it was a really neat little game and I'm considering playing it on hard mode sometime! There were tons of items I picked up that didn't have a use in casual mode and I'm super curious what they were used for!"
76561197975966011,Recommended,569860,31493368,Posted: 1 May,all,Rorschach,Realy good game! Lots of references to older games and all around fun :)The puzzles are tricky but fair so don't give up to quickly ;)Well worth the 20$!!
,Recommended,569860,31498551,Posted: 1 May,all,mrbreeze737,"absoloutely loved this game. i am a maniac mansion fan, and anticipated this game for over a year. i strongly recommend you buy this game, you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,569860,31447178,Posted: 29 April,all,CheeseCake87,"As a Thimbleweed resident controller I found this game highly entertaining. Would like to see a second game with more memorable music tracks (and maybe more of a budget to use different actors for some lead roles {cough} the sherif)I didn't get all the achievements on my first play-through. Will boot it up again to get them. So. Will you take the blue pill, or the red pill Mr Edmond? - Not that it matters ;)"
76561198018700758,Recommended,569860,31449172,Posted: 29 April,all,ed.day,"I'm loving it. Classic adventure gaming done right. Too many modern adventures try to reinvent the wheel. I got it this morning and have just put it down after 11 hours of play. It's intuitive and fun. I'm a diehard fan of adventure games and I've finally got stuck. I'm glad though. If I could play it through without hitting stumbling blocks I'd be disappointed. I used to spend months stuck on adventure games. Now I'm much savvier with them and I have less free time (today being a day off I forced myself to take). Anyway, enough about me - this game is really fun. Like day of the tentacle but new and taken further."
76561198052159573,Recommended,569860,31471101,Posted: 30 April,all,NoNoGato,"Yep Best Adventure of the Year. If you have played Maniac Mansion or Zak MacKraken you will feel the same vibe when you play Thimbleweed Park.Real point and click Adventure.For those who haven't played the classics (the above plus Monkey Island 1&2) you will enjoy it, but a lot of the jokes are references to the old ones and the whole SCUMM universe, so play these games too. I really recommend this game. Support this game so we can get more gems like this."
76561198149076580,Recommended,569860,31469322,Posted: 30 April,all,*****,"Strong recommend, very fun, very funny.Played on hard.  I needed hints for [no spoilers]:""find missing joke page"" (as it was not visible on the screen)""open vomit door"" (as the away-from-booth pattern confused me), and""find pizza place"" (as I didn't realize it was a puzzle to be solved)."
76561198024972195,Recommended,569860,31459524,Posted: 30 April,all,pschlup,Guaranteed fun if you loved Monkey Island or other Lucas Arts adventure games.
,Recommended,569860,31473301,Posted: 30 April,all,LeChuck,"Great game, I really enjoyed it, full of fun characters and interesting story! I hope they make more games like this."
76561198079811040,Recommended,569860,31513619,Posted: 2 May,all,echoanswer,"Loving it. It's beautiful. It's nostalgic. It's just so much fun to immerse yourself into, regardless if you're here for the old MMucas Flem flavour or if you're never heard of Maniac Mansion, Monkey Island etc. before and just want to play something with great atmosphere that will draw you in. You can feel how the folks who created it love this sort of thing. I am very thankful that amidst all the other great and modern games out there we can also have something like this. Still. Or... again. It's pretty much exactly what I hoped it would be. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,569860,31605751,Posted: 7 May,all,Cardelitre,"Great old-school style adventure game, good humor, challenging but logical puzzles. Had a great time for 15 hours or so, like I was back in the good ol' Monkey Island era. Go for it if that's your style of game!"
,Recommended,569860,31595562,Posted: 6 May,all,graceleslife,"Such an amazing update to the classic point and click adventure game. The multi-character storytelling takes dialogue, comedy, and puzzle solving to a whole new level. The writing is just... so, so good and if you are/were a big classic adventure game nerd, you will love all the meta game humor. This game is 20 hours of your life well spent. However, if you're under 23 at least a third of the jokes will probably fly over your head unless you were home schooled by a computer nerd like Ron Gilbert."
76561198004693272,Recommended,569860,31593649,Posted: 6 May,all,Chum Joely,"Ladies and gentlemen, as someone whose teenage years as a gamer were totally defined byMonkey Island,Grim Fandangoand related games, let me tell you something: this just might be the definitive adventure game of all time. 10/10, would defy the sheriff-a-reno to escape to the sewers and hunt shrooms for a ♥♥♥♥♥y old psychic again.To be sure, it's got a few flaws if you search for them, as some reviewers have: a few too many clever '80s references, a couple of minor but irritating bugs (e.g. the on-off status of the caps lock key randomly influences whether keyboard shortcuts work), and a couple of logical leaps where the different playable characters have to read each other's minds-- though honestly, this is a damn adventure game, so just be glad you aren't making a fake moustache out of cat whiskers or trampolining off of a rubber skin costume stretched over a manhole. But overall, this game takes everything that has ever defined the very best of this genre, puts it all in one place, and uniformly improves on it.Play it on Hard mode, the way God and/or Ron Gilbert intended it, and you'll find an enormous network of brilliantly intertwined puzzles that range from ""easy but clever"" to ""spend 2 hours hunting for the solution in-game, then wake up at 2 a.m. and sneak out of bed to crank up your PC as the solution bursts forth from your Thimbleweed-fevered subconscious"". What's really amazing about this game is that every single one of the puzzles is completely logical and accessible if you just pay enough attention. You can pick up, manipulate, and get interesting descriptions etc. out of tons of objects that you won't actually use-- so interactivity isn't automatically a hint that it matters to gameplay. Red herrings abound. But each interaction leads you gently along to the next, and you'll still get enough subtle hints from descriptions and even fail responses (""I can't do X with Y"") that you'll eventually figure it out.I never playedManiac MansionorDay of the Tentacleback in the day, and whenDotT: Remasteredcame out, I couldn't get into it at all because (among other things) coordinating the multiple characters seemed like way too much of a pain. Here, not only are the individual characters handled beautifully (all well-written, with comedy props to Ransome and infinite all-around identifiable coolness points to Delores), but their puzzly interactions all work smoothly, and a few of them even have well-written stories that they share between them-- Franklin and Delores in particular.For all the complaints about excessive nod-and-wink references, over-the-top fan service (taken to a literal extreme in one case near the end), and breaking of the fourth wall, the game pulls it all together at the end in a sort of hypercube-level breaking of the fourth wall squared that is truly a delight to experience. Not everyone will like the ending, but it's impressively well executed, like everything else in this game. If you love adventure games, buy it today. If you don't love adventure games yet, try this game on for size, and if you don't like it, then consider that as definitive proof that this genre is not for you-- because this game captures everything that's great about adventure games, and adds to it, right down to a uniquely great soundtrack and voice acting. 10/10."
,Recommended,569860,31615555,Posted: 7 May,all,Ikarrus,"A very strong game with a lukewarm conclusion.The puzzles and writing are great and reminded me heavily of the old LucasArts games.I thought it was worth playing, especially if you are a fan of adventure games back then."
76561198035137148,Recommended,569860,31503169,Posted: 2 May,all,MaxML415,"fantastic. pretty, clever and nostolgic. well worth the price"
,Recommended,569860,31488511,Posted: 1 May,all,metag0n,Worth every cent.10/10 will collect the rest of the dust
76561198050995649,Recommended,569860,31544291,Posted: 4 May,all,Salomon,"Great and fun adventure game with a ton of allusions pointing to Maniac Mansion, Zak McKracken and quite a few other things, done in the same (crazy) style and with lots of hilarious characters, which is a very good thing.Personally, I was a bit disappointed with the ending, as it felt somewhat ""cheap"" to me, but that may be just me. Also, after playing it through for the first time all by myself in hard mode in a relatively short amount of time, became a bit unsure about the price. Felt a bit steep for the game, but on the other hand, there are way more expensive and at the same time *way* worse games out there.To support *these* (to some, well-known) developers, I came to terms and must say that I'd paid it gladly.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,569860,31450497,Posted: 29 April,all,Woolsow,"Very much like an olds lucas arts game, only with a more modern implementation.Enjoyed it lots, highly recommended."
,Recommended,569860,31424409,Posted: 28 April,all,JiFish,"Ron Gilbert's triumphant return to adventure games.I enjoyed this game quite a bit. It's truely a love-letter to adventure gamers in both story and mechanics. Any adventure gamer from the early 90s will feel at home in Thimbleweed Park. Ron's trademark humour is still as sharp as ever.The LucasArts games, particularity Ron's, were always meta and self-referential. This game takes that trend to new heights. Maybe a touch too far. For that reason this might be one for enthusiasts only. I'm not sure I could recommend it to somebody looking to newly get in to classic-style adventures."
,Recommended,569860,31424841,Posted: 28 April,all,Vaylo,"Beautiful game. Brings back the good old days of Monkey Island, Simon the Sorcerer, Maniac Mansion...Played on hard mode yet found it too easy. Come one guys! Thimbleweed Park 2 must be twice as difficult as this one :) Thanks so much for making this great project real!"
,Recommended,569860,31870745,Posted: 20 May,all,waycooler,"Hey guys, remember Ron Gilbert?You know, Monkey Island?He's back!"
,Recommended,569860,31051496,Posted: 9 April,all,Lallander,If you enjoy point and click adventure games you will enjoy this. I had a lot of fun with it. I look forward to this company's next game.
,Recommended,569860,31052161,Posted: 9 April,all,Chairman_Pow,"A return to the good old days of point and click adventures, where writing / story mattered more than anything.Definitely get this if you remember fondly all the old Lucasarts and Sierra point / click titles. I'm having a great time in this game - the story is fantastic (I've not finished yet and I don't want to spoil anything...)Well done and thanks to the devs!"
,Recommended,569860,31051967,Posted: 9 April,all,Nyarlathotep,"As a long time fan of the LucasArts style Pt & Click adventures, this game was everything I wanted and more. If Ron Gilbert makes anymore of these, he's got my money. I paid full price and have no regrets."
76561198177692443,Recommended,569860,31221392,Posted: 18 April,all,kannend,"This is a masterpiece! [NO SPOILERS]Storytelling, puzzles and playability are superior to all the early scumm adventures: no sudden deaths, no dead-ends, no trial-and-error-puzzles, stylish graphics, cool soundtrack. There is one thing, I would like to mention, which the other reviews did not focus on: If you compare it to adventures from the last ten years, it beats them in a crucial aspect which lacks games nowadays: All characters have depth. Their biographies are both interesting and complex, you can understand why they act like they act and that gives their world credibility. You follow them with the same affection you felt with Frodo, Harry Potter, Luke Skywalker or any other of your heroes on their journeys to fulfill their quests. You want to help them to get over their problems and you can do it without trying this and that by chance, but by thinking and combining. It's not just a retro adventure, it's a modern classic in combining the comfort of modern gameplay with surprising story twists, lovely characters, clever puzzles and an intriguing setting. Thus, you will remember the game in years.If you want to start playing adventures: Buy the game.If you want to experience the immersive power of a fascinating plot: Buy the game.If you just want intelligent interactive entertainment: Buy the game.If you loved Maniac Mansion or Zak McKracken: Buy the game  (unless you are in a bad need of some frustrating situations like getting stuck without cash in Katmandu or unless you just want to watch characters shuffle over the screen for minutes and minutes: in this case, play the old games first, then) BUY THIMBLEWEED PARK."
76561198074531402,Recommended,569860,32301340,Posted: 9 June,all,msa1133,What an amazingly funny game from start til end. Even the credits will give you a chuckle!
,Recommended,569860,32399931,Posted: 13 June,all,Poutini,"Couldn't recommend this more. There's no better adventure game designer than Ron Gilbert, and Thimbleweed Park shows he's every bit as great now as he was in 1990. Between the humor and the design you can't do better than this. Looking forward to his next project!"
76561197972546897,Recommended,569860,32361620,Posted: 12 June,all,KenSentMe,Great game!
76561198012122543,Recommended,569860,32416627,Posted: 14 June,all,pro gamer,Great game!
76561197986330019,Recommended,569860,32354161,Posted: 11 June,all,aesthetes_anon,"First up: this is an extraordinary game. If you're a fan of classic point-and-click adventures, you'll love it. If you don't know what ""classic point-and-click adventures"" are, then this is a fantastic introduction.Like so many detective stories, it begins with a body.The player controls five characters (beginning with FBI agents Ray and Reyes) as they explore the strange, surreal backwater town of Thimbleweek Park, and the shadow cast over the town by recently-deceased pillow factory owner Chuck Edmund. For the first two minutes I was worried that this was going to be a rehash of Twin Peaks (a influence cited by co-designer Ron Gilbert), The X-Files and Welcome to Night Vale, but it quickly becomes apparent that this is far more than just a police procedural. Despite the weird setting there's real emotion here too.There are a few small criticisms: I found the two FBI agents a lot less engaging that the other three playable characters, and at times there is a bit of backtracking involved, which can get slightly repetitive. The size of the game means there's definitely a few plotholes, but what ultimately emerges is far more than the sum of its parts: a panoramic view of a town and it's population. The locations are beautiful, the sound design is en pointe (echoes of the classic scores from Monkey Island) and I loved the way some puzzles required teamwork between multiple characters to successfully complete them.  Without wanting to give away any spoilers, there's even an exploration of the idea of video game characters' free will.All in all, it's a beautifully realised video game. At times you'll be ripping your hair out in frustratation (BACK AWAY FROM THE ONLINE WALKTHROUGH, CHILDREN), but Thimbleweed Park really is worth investing your time in.8.5/10"
76561198025260710,Recommended,569860,32425936,Posted: 14 June,all,mistermor,"this game has it all: classic point&click, great retro graphics, excellent soundtrack, witty lucasarts-like humor, well-thought plot.  Cannot get any  better than that. Truthly recommanded."
76561197977756829,Recommended,569860,32530917,Posted: 18 June,all,cahuita,Awesome. Flashback to the godd ole times. With a lot of referrals to the old games. Very funny and by far not to easy in the hard mode. Hope for more someday.
,Recommended,569860,31168180,Posted: 15 April,all,BlackSquid,"A genuinely funny, and interesting detective mystery point-em-up in the theme of the great 80's adventure games.I got bored around the 80% mark, and put it to one side for a few weeks without playing it, but eventually returned. I highly recommend you play this through to completion to see the ending!"
,Recommended,569860,33620759,Posted: 17 July,all,bigjosh50,"challenging but very fun puzzle elements to the game, its humorous, and enjoyed the characters, Great Game!!"
76561198035482394,Recommended,569860,33509211,Posted: 13 July,all,Erage,"An absolute masterpiece for it's homage to old classic LucasFilm adventure games I played as a kid on my Commodore 64 (Maniac Mansion, Zak McKracken, etc).  I loved the humor throughout the game.  It is wonderfully written, and was a joy to play through."
76561197972369732,Recommended,569860,33685663,Posted: 20 July,all,tanelorn,"I absolutely loved this game.  It is truly a throwback to the excellent point and click adventures of days gone by.  What this game has above those that came before is the puzzles.I've played many of these games in the past and found that most had puzzles that were completely illogical.  That's not the case with Thimbleweed Park.  Sure, I got stuck several times for a bit, but that's the fun of it.  You really need to think in this one.  The puzzles are all logical based on the abilities of your characters.  Obviously some are harder than others, but they all make sense.  If you think outside the box a bit, the solutions will come.Some past experience in games like ""Monkey Island"" and ""Maniac Mansion"" is certainly helpful when playing this one.I hope that the developers continue to make this style of game.  Great fun, an interesting story and, at around 18 hours for me to complete, the length felt just right."
76561198239821670,Recommended,569860,33680916,Posted: 20 July,all,TattedGRUNT,"Ok here's the deal about this game. It's cool, it's fun, it's enjoyable, and you could probably run it on a cellphone. Everything about the game is good, but I only have one complaint. Not really a spoiler, but it kind of gives away part of a puzzle later in the game. Read if you want.The puzzles don't really make sense at times. For example, you eventually have to fix a certain machine at the sheriff's office. You think to yourself, ""ok I'll go to that store that sells those parts because that makes sense."" But no. The store doesn't have them. For some reason, a character that hasn't even been to the sheriff's office has it. And what's more confusing is you just walk to the sheriff's office to fix it. You're thinking, ""why would she even bother to go to the sheriff's office, and better yet, how did she know that machine was even broken? And better yet, why would she pick up the part in the first place? She has no reason to carry it around?""But anyway, yea that's my only beef. I guess if you don't think ""logically"" then the puzzles are easier. But overll a good game."
,Recommended,569860,33696861,Posted: 21 July,all,nic,"Really good point and click game!! Fun, writing is great, and pixelart is gorgeous. Reccomended if you like games w a rich story and basically... point and click games."
76561198040712752,Recommended,569860,33662641,Posted: 19 July,all,mari.za,"this is a great game with a meh ending. If you love adventure games, you'll love thimbleweed park, save for the last 20ish minutes which are kinda bs. Fun dialogue, lots of depth, great puzles, but man was that ending unnecessary."
76561197967342475,Recommended,569860,33702605,Posted: 21 July,all,Verbal,"For anybody who likes graphic adventures, Buy it. For everyone else......yeah just buy it."
,Recommended,569860,33526009,Posted: 13 July,all,AWP-ortunistic Ki11,"One of the best games I have played in a LONNNG time! Very well done adventure game. Gave me all sorts of monkey island nostalgia. Awesome voice acting, great story, fun puzzles, lots of comedy. Kept me hooked until the very end!some minor nuisance animations that should be skippable were in there but they didnt affect the game negativelyI set it to hard but I had to call the tip hotline maybe 4 times...even though I had the right puzzle pieces in the right area some parts just require a different sort of mind to figure out.This game is a MUST have for point and click adventure game fans. Tons of easter eggs and many places to explore with a group of characters that have fun stories and cliche personalities.10/10"
76561198048993203,Recommended,569860,33524900,Posted: 13 July,all,Horshu,"I've been wanting someone to make a new SCUMM-style game for ages, as I've played all the LucasArts ones more times than I can count.  This plays just like a 16-bit version of what you would have expected to follow Zak McKracken, even with the pixeled graphics instead of vector.  It has a few things I don't like, such as it can be tedious to select actions (particularly if you miss, and the action changes back to Walk To), but it's otherwise exactly the kind of game I like playing."
76561198402415694,Recommended,569860,33441522,Posted: 10 July,all,booboo_kf,Loved it!  I couldn't be happier with the entire experience.  I will absolutely play it again -- and will absolutely support any further games they make.
,Recommended,569860,33461753,Posted: 11 July,all,Aesthetic Smegma,"This game is amazing.10/10 humour, very interesting story and is quite a challenge."
76561198200356513,Recommended,569860,33467592,Posted: 11 July,all,sordonana,"This game is awesome, one of the best point and click games I´ve ever played so far! recommended 100/100"
76561198046049207,Recommended,569860,33653607,Posted: 19 July,all,mgsphrkkjh,"Amazing game. First playthrough took me 19 hours.Story is both funny, tragic, and at times, unpredictable.Not too easy, not too hard."
76561198067363026,Recommended,569860,33750827,Posted: 23 July,all,wisegal99,"I really liked this game.  That being said, I did get to certain points in the game where I was completely lost and confused.  It was super frustrating to not be able to progress.  The story line is very compelling and fun to discover.  It is also is very retro to games like Maniac Mansion.  I would highly reccomend, even if you do have to cheat and turn to an on-line walkthrough when you get frustrated."
76561198068832406,Recommended,569860,33790351,Posted: 25 July,all,wuway,Really nice so far. It tastes like the old point and click adventures but with a lot of improvements. I am really enjoying it a lot. I hope to see more titles from them. I also hope Disney will sell the rights of Monkey Island back to Ron Gilbert
76561198121765486,Recommended,569860,33664049,Posted: 19 July,all,rhysaz,"This truly is  a very great game. It has plenty of puzzles, great humor, and a great story. I highly recommend it!  Play both levels of difficulty. Plenty of entertaining and challenging puzzles in both versions. GET THIS GAME!!!!!!"
76561197969670223,Recommended,569860,33795710,Posted: 25 July,all,Deckard,"Diggin'!Excellent point and click game.  The ""bad"" graphics are great, the main characters are memorable (but some side characters are moreso), the voice acting is pretty spot on, the controls work, and the weird story is refreshing in this boring world of entertainment full of happy endings and closurearenoaboo."
76561198329289038,Recommended,569860,32355784,Posted: 11 June,all,aace0fspades,"This is a temporary review while I'm still playing; keep that in mind.I love this game and it's replayable and has a very long play time (if you're like me). The thing is, though, what's stopping me from playing it at this point is I have to keep looking up walkthroughs.The game's very long and it's a huge process since there's five playable characters. But I often get stuck and whenever I look up walthroughs it includes things I haven't already done so it's very easy to play the game in the wrong order.This causes me to stall finishing the game but I feel I have to.Overall, the point I'm trying to make is please add hints of what to do next since the game is so long, looking up walkthroughs isn't effective and you really have to think hard about the puzzles.plz ;-)Edit a couple weeks later:Hint system added.Thank you so much for listening to feedback!Now I can start playing again without having to constantly google."
76561197960282791,Recommended,569860,33775105,Posted: 24 July,all,Kyote,"A loving tribute to the LucasArts adventure games of the 80s, but also a really funny and clever adventure game in its own right. Highly recommended if you miss the 80s adventure game period."
76561197997104984,Recommended,569860,33783758,Posted: 25 July,all,Boo the Hamster,A great adventure game. A must buy if you are into this type of games
76561198074298261,Recommended,569860,33792298,Posted: 25 July,all,Prohexa,"I don't know how to describe it... it's... Fantastic? Glorious? Divine-a-reno? We need a new word for how awesome this game is. I kind of bought it on sale and now I feel ashamed for not having paid the full price... That's how great it is. I'm gonna build myself a time machine, just so I can go back in time and proudly fund it on Kickstarter. Thimbleweed Park is Love. Thimbleweed Park is life."
,Recommended,569860,33236433,Posted: 4 July,all,Sims,"This is one of those hidden gems, great music, funny characters, really nice graphics. 9/10"
76561198017588196,Recommended,569860,34487263,Posted: 25 August,all,Squiddification,"I've never played an old-school adventure game before, but I took to this one right away. It does have some deep nostalgia (one of the characters runs a Commodore 64) as well as a number of 80s pop-culture references. There is plenty for geeks to love, including a classic Con with sexy Riker. The storyline, particularly between Dolores and her father Franklin, is complex and actually quite moving. It was really interesting to see the way these five character's lives came together and how they had to collaborate to achieve individual ends. With only a handful of exceptions, the solutions to the puzzles made a lot of sense (I was particularly proud of figuring out the county map puzzle all on my own.)Even though I'm new to these kinds of games, I played on Hard mode and made it through okay, in about 22 hours of play time. I did use the HintTron3000 maybe seven times, and in every case I was extremely close to having figured it out on my own. A lot of my errors were stupid ones that were probably more a result of not having played this style of game before. I like that the Hint machine starts out very vague, then slowly gets more specific, so it's not like it just hands you the answer straightaway.I had so much fun playing this game, but I have to admit, the ending was a letdown. It was clever, unexpected, and a great homage to game development in general, but it was emotionally unsatisfying. After growing attached to the characters and wanting to help them, it felt like an unfair twist. The C64 terminal scene at the very end of the end credits, while also amazingly clever, makes the sense of disillusionment even worse. Still, I would play games by the same developers and hope they come out with something similar soon. It's been a long time since I've enjoyed a game so much."
,Recommended,569860,34517557,Posted: 26 August,all,Gelo,"I loved it!!! Full of references to classic adventure games, weird humor, puzzles and a brilliant story! 10/10  :)"
,Recommended,569860,34124835,Posted: 9 August,all,Joggl,"Best game since ever ever. It is like my beloved old classics like MI or MM, but with more chainsaw, more pixels, more more pixelating bodies and... and... do not call edna!!!!"
,Recommended,569860,34088907,Posted: 7 August,all,L1ntux,One of the best Games i ever played! Thanks for this epic Game! And thanks for the Linux Support. Plz give us more Games like this.
,Recommended,569860,32024903,Posted: 28 May,all,Fun Games Gaming,This is a great game! I would recommend to anyone!
,Recommended,569860,34130811,Posted: 9 August,all,Svberv,"Best*beeping* adventure game you'll find, now get lost *beeper*!"
,Recommended,569860,34315326,Posted: 17 August,all,C.d.,I am 5 hours in and that's one of those rare games that I had a good laugh throughout the game. I wish I backed it in kickstarter.
,Recommended,569860,34318175,Posted: 17 August,all,rodrigot,"It's so good to be back. This game feels like a lost Lucasarts game, including all of its nonsense and inside jokes.it's kind of a retro evolution in a way, as if the DNA of Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island did not evolve into Grim Fandango and Full Throttle, but into another direction. If any of these games names rings a bell to you, give it a try ASAP.A classic out of it's time.Thank you Ron and Gary."
,Recommended,569860,32069810,Posted: 30 May,all,Murny,When I heard that Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick made another game I had high expectations and this game did not disappoint. This is a really great game that is a great throw back to the old LucasArts adventure games.  I fell in love with the characters and the neo-noir/twin peaks setting of the game. It has fun pixel graphics and the jokes are really funny. The puzzles were a great combination of easy and hard and I enjoyed the revelation the characters make by they end of the game.This is a really well made game with everything that makes point and click adventure games great. I'll definitely be playing this again in the future!
76561197990204173,Recommended,569860,34312307,Posted: 17 August,all,Takworld,A brilliant classic adventure game with up-to-date witty/intelligent dialogue.
76561198006384532,Recommended,569860,34396592,Posted: 21 August,all,Jambon,"A good adventure game with great visual and sounds and some laugh out loud humor at some points.Is it as good as or better than classics like Monkey Island or Space Quest? I'd say no. I think it's partially because they try to do too much such as having so many playable characters. The result of this being that some puzzles and story elements just feel really ""light"" and not fully developed to their full potential. This leads to some things in the game being more complex than they need to be and others feeling like their interaction and/or purpose is so little you can't help but ask ""did this really need to be in the game?""But it's definitely worth picking up if you're a fan of the genre as it packs in a decent amount of hours of gameplay and enough of an enganging story to keep your interest.The price seems fair for what you get so I'd say it's worth getting even when it's not on sale. It's a good game despite not being quite to the level of the well thought out, executed and polished Sierra adventure games of the 80's/90's."
76561198007619955,Recommended,569860,33957032,Posted: 1 August,all,dandukeson,"Really enjoyed this, as a fan of the old ScummVM games since I was a kid. Puzzles were mostly solvable on hard mode, but I did have to take a few hints towards the end as things got more obscure."
76561197988048931,Recommended,569860,35021967,Posted: 17 September,all,Reaktor,"Mmkay. I loved it and hit it to ~80-90% through, but spoiler (which should be known):You find dangerous red button device early in the game. I tried pushing it couple of times, but characters didnt want to press it. At ~70% I tried once again and got response ""maybe I should save first?"". Well, I didn't... at 80% I tried once again at end-game puzzle, and this resulted to characters exploding and game-over. Well, kind of fun gag? Well, would have been, but game reminded few times that in old Lucasarts games you couldn't die because that made adventure games more fun... Betcha you got that right - my last save was ~1-2 hours behind! I decided to watch walkthrough from youtube instead of running all those puzzles again. This was a serious design error, as there are no auto-saves or such.Game itself is a nostalgia trip in a good way. Game is solid in many specs, but there is quite a lot of walking even with the quickmap and lack of story-dialog between characters is kind of strange (they just happen to work together for no real purpose). Also few puzzles which were not making much sense. Lot's of good stuff. Without nuke-design-error I would have given a solid 8/10, but now I'll have to drop score to 7/10."
76561198360583018,Recommended,569860,35059410,Posted: 19 September,all,demersmaxsse,"Nice game, a few loose ends though."
,Recommended,569860,35031563,Posted: 17 September,all,Dom Casmurro,Excellent adventure game!
,Recommended,569860,34223745,Posted: 13 August,all,Death2Sam,"IntroductionThimbleweed Park is a game where to take control of several characters in order to solve, to begin with, the murder of a European businessman (but it soon escalates to a wider mystery). It is set in Thimbleweed Park, a mysterious town where strange things keep happening.Pros+Thimbleweed Park is full of interesting characters that are brilliantly written and designed.+There is a sharp sense of humour that remains throughout the game.+Taken control of many characters is a fun mechanic that is quite well executed.+It takes a lot of the positive elements from classic adventure games (Monkey Island, The Day of the Tentacle, etc.)+A really beautiful 8-bit-eque art style.Cons-While the story does start off could and the mystery is very interesting, I found that towards the end the story became somewhat ridiculous.-Some threads are left open and there are a few scenes that are just never explained.-Trying to get all of the characters set up in the right place for one puzzle is occassionally a needlessly difficult task.ConclusionThimbleweed Park is, overall, a fun game. It doesn't take itself to seriously so some of the story problems don't cause massive issues or annoyance through the game. I would've liked it if some of the stranger events could have been tied up though.7/10"
,Recommended,569860,30903486,Posted: 2 April,all,borvid,Finally Kickstarter doesn't disappoint.
,Recommended,569860,34540194,Posted: 27 August,all,The One True Chair™,"I've roughly spent 67 hours playing this tame (or staring at the title screen). It's one of my favorites this year, and probably of all times."
,Recommended,569860,35282460,Posted: 28 September,all,ElusiveOne,"Thimbleweek Parkis an adventure game about adventure games for adventure gamers.This is retro done right in a perfect throwback to the genre's classic era with very noticeable improvements. It feels exactly like a long lost LucasArts game created in the early 90's and remixed with modern technology.While it will inevitably appeal to nostalgic fans of this period, players who were not around in those golden decades may or may not fully appreciate this content. The puzzles, characters, humour and writing are all precisely what you would expect from the best Ron Gilbert titles.Thimbleweed is more expansive and lengthy than I remember any old LucasArts adventure, which in this case is both a strength and a weakness.Every character has its own useful to do list so you don't lose sight of the many ongoing objectives. However, sometimes too many open threads made me feel uncertain what to do next. It's all good, albeit slightly protracted. In the later stages I found myself calling the hint line to speed things up a bit.The interface could have been streamlined and updated. There's never been any real use for the 9 individual verbs, neither back then nor today. I suppose the game wouldn't have felt as genuine without them.PositiveSmaller self-contained flashback sections introduce new characters and settings, later revisitedA true classic LucasArts style adventure with all the good bits you may rememberRepeatedly breaks the 4th wall and takes numerous stabs at classic tropes of the genreAn actual pixel hunt (optional)Helpful hint system (most of the time)I regularly find myself still humming the game's music weeks after completionNegativeVoice volume sometimes drops and plays from a single channel for one line of dialogueMany characters share identical lines and reactions despite their unique personalitiesA lot of numbers to note down: the game a bit excessive at what it doesOld school interface does not improve the game"
76561198058520712,Recommended,569860,35325363,Posted: 29 September,all,Dryade,"The game is WELL worth the money. I just got 15 hours out of the casual play mode and I know I missed a lot. I will replay this mode, and then enjoy the extra puzzles in the experienced gamer version. The story has a briliant twist that fans Ron Gilbert will immediately recognize as his style. The characters are well written and enjoyable to play and the puzzles were clearly carefully and lovingly designed. There are plenty of references of the glory days of adventure games that will make long term fans smile at fond memories, but newcomers to the genre will enjoy it just as much. To the game studios out there, we want more like this one!!! To Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick, thank you for another game that's a joy to play. To everyone on Steam reading this, if you don't have this game, what are you waiting for?"
76561198047324256,Recommended,569860,35406936,Posted: 1 October,all,Die Farbe will ich nicht..!,"Defining a new standard in Retro-Pixel-Art Point and Click Adventures is not the easiest thing to do, I would suspect.....!"
