user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197999119601,Recommended,570420,34057397,Posted: 6 August,all,lokiss88,"So you take the grand scale of everything the X series has ever been, and add it to the VR space where space ships and space stations blow your mind as much as the sheer depth and complexity of the universe in which they stand.Writing a review for all of that isn't easy, the cliff is just as harsh in giving an impression as the one you'll face if you arn't versed in the ways and means of the tasks which the game presents. Frustrations is a meaningful word when climbing that cliff step by step and battling the new dawn of the motion controlers.I'll shove the technical out the way first. i7 4970/1070/16/VIVE/SS1.5. Starting from the top down, preset on ultra i expect to turn it down to an acceptable level, after 13hrs i've yet to feel the need. The engine seems fantasticaly well optimized, fluid in multiplable ship combat, buzzing around capital ships the same. Around and close the the stations i find it hard to be critical, while there is a drop off, it's not debilitating to gameplay, and no more than a visual distraction.The controls: had i reviewed this last week the one opinion id have had is that universal one that most had, in questioning what EGO were smoking. The first thing that trips of the tongue for anyone drawn to a space flight sim is does my HOTAS work, it's tradition, one that we've been recently been reminded off with it's superb impilmentation in Elite. Last week i was a fully payed up member of that good fight, with one hand on my stick, droping it and grabing a control to everything that wouldn't map to my throttle and stick.. a not enjoyable experience.Returning this week after the first update i decided to start fresh with the new 'gesture' control method, a nightmare to describe but here goes. Hopefully there's people that remember the atari yoke control, because thats basicaly it for dirrectional movement, you tip the controlers in the direction you wish to move in unison. Inverted thats a natural movement, there's a trick of the mind being played that makes it extremly intutative in combat, the follow that ship action you do with your head as it flys off screen naturaly works in unison with your hands without putting any effort in, it worked 35 years ago on the atari yoke, it works the same now. The one difference is the Roll gesture, the twist of the controler initiates a roll, something that needs ironing out, as keeping the controls level when you want them to be is nie on imposable. Thankfully you can swap back to the track control for steady control when needed.I believe the crux of this review had to be about the controls, as adapt or as meaningless as my discription might have been, the wider point is that EGO are on to something, and it's easy to see what they immersed themselfs in over the last year or more if you've joined the mindset. If you can make that step, you'll find the combat as fluid as it first felt with a mouse did in freelancer all those years ago, when it dared to be different. The godlike control you have with the intractivity of the user interface with the controlers in hand in no less meaningless either, as with many vr games.The only thing i can realy think that could be improved, is the scaling of the monitor screens on the ship, the pointer often need to be drawn back to make the connection, which takes away it's fluidity. Wishfull thinking would be a main screen with the map/station data/trades ect that that could drag to a more comfortable position to view and interact with.To conclude, i think you have to read the announcement of Rebirth VR:""X Rebirth VR Edition is a super-exciting development for us. Playing this with a VR Headset feels like finally playing space games the way they were meant to be played all along.""They want, We want!. They succeeded, enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,570420,33887894,Posted: 29 July,all,Star Trucker,"This game is an amazing first crack at VR for Egosoft. They've really nailed it on multiple fronts and this could possibly be their smoothest game launch ever.The main draw for returning Rebirth fans is that you are actually sitting in the cockpit of the Pride of Albion. You are completely and totally 1000% immersed in the galaxy. You can see how humongous these ships and stations actually are in 1:1 3D. You also get a real sense of how fast you're moving through space. The new Vulkan-based graphics engine seems to be really solid in maintaining constant framerates that are needed for VR.There's a few cons. The motion controller implementation isn't very effective at the moment and can only be described as ""clumbsy"". This doesn't bother me as I play with X52Pro and keyboard as usual. There's no Capital Ship Bridge Mod yet, so we're currently stuck with the crappy view from the maintenance docks. But! This game is still Early Access. There's still plenty of time to fine tune the game.Overall, this one gets the green thumb from me. If you think reading sucks and would rather just watch :https://youtu.be/wIA1kQuN5OI"
76561198003304367,Recommended,570420,33926886,Posted: 31 July,all,Kallen,"My new favorite VR game! Coming from someone that has over 1200 hrs in the original X-Rebirth game. I've been a fan of the X-Universe games since the beginning, this VR experience is exactly the way you would expect it to be in your imagination as you played all the titles. The controls are different at first, (hint; finesse) the controls with the Vive controllers become very intuitive. Take the time at the beginning to scan the stations as you practice with the controllers and realize how intuitive the controls really are, they were hard for me at first too. Thanks Egosoft I have a feeling I will put even more hours of gameplay into this game. Please continue to expand and build this universe for us ""Brickheads"" (VR users).Bottom line is, if you are a X-Universe fan and a VR owner, this is a MUST have!!!!"
76561197983829213,Recommended,570420,33953091,Posted: 1 August,all,Flying Sock,"Runs well. The first game for VR you can easily spend days in.I do not recommend the default controls.I am currently using a combination of joystick in one hand and vive controller in the other for targeting, interacting with menus etc."
,Recommended,570420,34138581,Posted: 9 August,all,bazoola,"I really like this game. The new engine keeps a solid frame rate. Everything looks great and there's plenty to do. Plus it has my new favorite feature ever, the 2d/3d mode swap. If you need to walk around a station or are just getting tired of wearing your head set you can just pop it off and set it on the desk and the game will go to a standard view on your monitor. It's genius and it works and I love it.  All things considered this is a solid space game with plenty to see and do."
76561197994687590,Recommended,570420,33979507,Posted: 2 August,all,Cybrviper,"I was someone who preordered xrebirth when it first came out. I was mad, very mad, at that release. in fact i have refused to preorder ever again because of it. That all aside I wanted to try it in vr, I was not disappointed. It was about as expected. the only thing of note is decide what controls you are going to use and only activate those. do not mix and match as it confuses the heck out of the games input detection and causes  it to be very frustrating to setup. once i learned this, the game has been very fun to play on my hotas setup and I like the changes and/or the simplifications they have done. Also of note is the new story line which when i purchased did not realize that is essentially a next chapter in the story. Over all given this was not originally a vr title i must admit it feels well done overall. Other than setup of controls I have not experienced anything frustrating other than a few random crashes, so be sure to save often."
76561198042913113,Recommended,570420,34042842,Posted: 5 August,all,caidicus,"My First Impresions of Rebirth VR (Likes and Dislikes Alike)Well, for starters, it feels like I thought it would, after imagining what the original Rebirth would be like in VR.There are some things to like, I found myself grasping the touchpad controls pretty quickly, and even got the hang of fighting, more or less.There are a couple issues that bugged me, though. Firstly, pressing the one button to roll in one direction was rather... uncomforable. I'd prefer if pointing the pointer to the right and pressing the roll button would make it roll right, point to the left and press and it would roll left.That or, press the roll button to toggle it on, and wave the pointer left or right to change the direction in real-time. Maybe there's a setting for it, I don't know, but it should be the default behavior.Secondly, walking in stations doesn't feel right at all. I can strafe quite quickly, from left to right, but I can't turn very quickly at all. Turning is RIDICULOUSLY SLOW. That needs to be fixed, as soon as possible. For whatever reason, the behavior of walking in stations started to cause me eye strain.I REALLY like walking in stations, and running around and collecting money and items out of lockers was quite enjoyable to me. Which brings me to my next problem. The behavior of being in stations has been altered.Unless you've got someone giving you a mission in a station, the doors to the station won't open past the platform. If I lean forward with my headset on, I can clip through the door and see that the station still exists behind the door. Being cut off from it feels artificial and unpleasant. It also feels like part of this games' soul has been removed because the people have been largely removed from the stations.I know not everyone liked the station walking stuff, and it's completely possible not to go into stations, thanks to menus and such, in space. That doesn't mean I'm content with this inconsistent implementation that currently exists in the game.Actually, when I went to dock at a station, I was afraid Egosoft might have completely removed that element of the game, which would have killed a lot of the soul of Rebirth that I connected with in the first place. They've not entirely removed it, but they've seriously reduced it to a point where I'm not entirely sure why it's still in there.Egosoft, if you read this, please put it back in, open the doors, let us back into the bars, offices, trading areas, and vents like before. Please put goodies in lockers, money boxes lying around, and terribly voiced people litering the halls like before. I miss that very much.Last impressions about my time with it was performance.Generally things ran smoothly, until I got close to stations. This has been mentioned by many people, that stations can really cause slowdown. This looks like optimizations need to be worked on further.For the record, I'm using an i7 4770, GTX 1070, 16 gigs of 3200mhz ram, and running the game from an SSD.My computer is by no means top of the line, but it's comfortably above the minimum specs.Anyhow, that's my feedback so far. I hope Egosoft keeps improving on what they've got started here. I was one of the few people who loved X Rebirth from day one, and I hope I can experience all of it (aside from the day 1 bugs and limitations) again in VR.For VR players who are looking for a complex, abeit somewhat stubborn or eccentric space sim, I recommend this one to them."
,Not Recommended,570420,33886406,Posted: 29 July,all,MetalDestroyer,"I was so excited when Egosoft was working on X Rebirth VR. And now, the game is available, I'm disappointed. The support of VR controller is not implemented in a good usage for VR. In this game, the HTC Vive Controller act as a random and classic controller. And piloting the ship is very hard and non user-friendly. I can't imagine when I had to do some dogfight with those VR controls schemes.I thought I could move the hands of the player avatar like many other VR games and interact with the ships UI / cockpit instruments. The implementation of the VR controller is buggy and also not functionnal in the main menu. I wasn't able to navigate into the menu and select option. I had to use my X360 gamepad so I could navigate and launch the game.For me, if the VR controller doesn't change in futur update. I reallu don't see a point to have VR controller support in this game. I hope Egosoft will review entirely the VR controller and the interaction with the ships without navigating into menu, sub-menu and so on like in a 2D game.Ubisoft has done a great job of how to use VR controller in Star Trek Bridge Crew. The same for VTOL VR.For now, I can't recommand X-Rebirth VR. The visual is not great perhaps due to the lack of a super sampling option in the game. However, having the possibility to look around is great."
76561198003162895,Recommended,570420,34917317,Posted: 13 September,all,Informer,"Excellent VR title. Have so much fun with it. I use the oculus rift controllers, and if you used to controllers, then you never want to go back. If you fly near a station, and speed up the shunk the feeling is sometimes like a rollercoaster.Also the new quick menus a great, to have control about the game much quicker. (also know available in X-Rebirth normal edition.If you have VR, and you like space games, this is a title you must have.Also the space and plot a different than the other games."
76561197999106061,Recommended,570420,34519149,Posted: 26 August,all,Ruiner,"Excellent VR title, still has issues like lighting differing in both lenses, but it's a huge improvement over the base game.With an i7 3770 / 1070 the game was playable, however did have performance hitches.With an i7 7700K / 1070 (stock clock speeds) the game runs beautifully. So it's more about your CPU than your GPU."
,Not Recommended,570420,33860058,Posted: 28 July,all,WeirdWizardDave,"Okay I really wanted to like this and it's not without it charm but the VR implementation here is far from perfect. The store page claims it supports motion controllers which it technically does but in the jankiest way imaginable. Also this isn't X Rebirth, its a new game with a new campaign, which I though was a bit misleading given the name. On the plus side the graphics are quite nice and flying around the stations is cool but overall my first impressions were pretty poor, frankly VR deserves better than this.I rant about it in great and meandering detail in this videohttps://youtu.be/4gzSxR-ZgK4"
76561197971019068,Recommended,570420,35244553,Posted: 27 September,all,gapper4,"If you have a VR set-up and the slightest interest in space games, you owe it to yourself to buy this. With an i7 5820k and an OCed 980ti, I can SS this to 1.8x and have absolutely stunning graphics. Controlling the game with the Touch controllers (Oculus) is a dream of finesse and subtle movements -- in fact, I have better control than with my X52Pro joystick which I've used extensively in other space games, including X3. Gameplay, while not as varied and broad as in X3, still gives you the most complete space game experience you can have in VR. Just wish there was multiplayer but, oh well, that's what E:D is for. There ARE a few minor visual glitches which no doubt will be ironed out during EA, as well as some minor gameplay bugs but they don't distract from the experience. Highly, highly recommended."
,Recommended,570420,33989630,Posted: 3 August,all,GrandMasterRath,"In early access, so far it is a solid game. It takes a little bit to get used to the control scheme. Have to dig through menus to get to tutorials, just like other versions of X. Still have not figured out how to change key bindings therefore I cannot roll my ship when needed. Other than that, the mechanics are there, it shows a lot of promise and it is fun to play. Definitely worth the money if you are into a sandbox style space simulation and the VR is very stable."
,Recommended,570420,33952442,Posted: 1 August,all,Scooter,"Haven't gotten to much playtime yet. The tutorial could be bit easier. Especially since this is a big and complicated game, I thinks it's even more important that the tutorial makes it easy to get into. It ran fine on 1.5 SS, but I still think the graphics where a bit unclear, even with AA on. The vive controllers worked fine, no lag as I've seen some people complain about (maybe their specs are not high enough?).From what I've experienced the game was fun, the few batlles I had were fun and it seems like a huge game with lots of freedom. Started a mission to transport a freighter from A to B (medium difficulty). Of course some pirates came and destroyed it. He was pretty upset about his ship and cargo getting destroyed.Didn't see any bugs and it's a good game from what I've experienced.Specs: I7 6700K, 1080ti, 16 gb, SSD"
,Recommended,570420,34002078,Posted: 3 August,all,big_bad_lynx,The game feels already very robust and polished. So far only few hours on the clock but if the game has at least half of the content what X Rebirth has it may be so much more fun than Star Trek Bridge Crew which is so boring after 30 minutes. The developer IMHO is worthy trust. Despite sketchy X Rebirth launch  - they managed to end up with a great game with multiple updates.
,Recommended,570420,34003859,Posted: 3 August,all,Tanall,"So, X: Rebirth VR. Still early in the EA game, but so far they seem to be listening. A few suggestions I've made have either been acted upon or at least acknowledged, and the game itself certainly seems to be going in the right direction. Of course, being EA, all things are subject to change, thus this review will be ammended as things progress."
76561198028358390,Recommended,570420,33855488,Posted: 28 July,all,Irish,"WOW!!! Where to begin..... that was an amazing experience, this game was MADE for VR. It's like a lost key that just fits. I thought I was done with the wow factor of VR, thought I'd seen it all, gawd damn, I was just proven wrong.I can't help but feel the game should never have been released on a monitor. Don't get me wrong Rebirth is a GOOD game, not amazing, but his HAS become a good game. Much to the credit of egosoft and the extremely patient fanbase. So cudos to you guys.I however, couldn't stick it out, there was something about the world of rebirth that felt off, perhaps it was the silly game mechanics such as the infamous highways or what have you. It all felt unbelievable, 'un immersive'. Everytime I saw those damn highways, I just thought WOW, what an eyesore.What we want from our adventure/sim/arcade game is believability. We want to feel immersed and that we are actually living this life of a trader, combat pilot, pirate or what not. But for most of us terrible design decisions kept us away.Well let me tell you. The VR edition(with it's hefty price tag) is well worth the price for what you're getting. This is amazing. It all feels real, it feels right.The scale is fantastic, everything is huge, the stations, the capital ships warping in right in front of you, engaging pirates. All the small ships flying around the stations no longer look like silly micro ants around a hill, they look like space buss' and taxi's. Flying in and out of the different parts of the mega stations.The place feels alive.Now, I'm gonna jump back in and am happily looking forward to many, many hours of build an empire. All in glorious VR.Okay, so some quick points to mention. There are far less stations than the original non VR version of the game. Also less AI traffic, these must be the optimisations egosoft have been talking about. Also AI character models seems to have less polygons, could just be an effect of VR but they look worse. All of that is quite a bit dissappointing.Also will have to refund the game, because the steam version of this game DOES NOT support oculus touch, just the headset. So I'll have to purchase on the slightly more expensive oculus store."
,Recommended,570420,34592883,Posted: 29 August,all,Rodwin,Great VR experience !
,Recommended,570420,34531532,Posted: 27 August,all,Cmdr Gary Brain,Once you get use to the controls ( oculus ) it becomes a great game.Worth getting if you enjoy the X series.
,Recommended,570420,34337764,Posted: 18 August,all,Bluxwave,"Early beta review:Being able to actually go INTO the X universe that i have spent so much time OUT of is one of the best experiences of my life for sure!this is going to be better to play than Elite, and already is.Im deffo getting extra stuff just to play this game like a CV1 and a joystick...I just want to spend most my time in game however because of a few bugs it makes that difficult.when that music hits and the computer starts talking zones you know so well its beyond perfectioncontrols take around one and a half hours to setup.... once done properly there is ""good/fun"" motion sickness rather than ""bad"" (also note: game requires a controller not just mouse and keys... (xbone360/one steampad... vive controller or oculus touch... joysticks.... hey even two joysticks work)be warned this is for advanced users at the moment.... getting it all ""happening"" is no easy feat especially because its so early in release and also because of Vulkan support with oculus (a first) and the controls and gameplay is intricateif you want a arcade shooter maybe go eve:valkarie.... but if you want an in depth game that takes time deffo go this.this review was written on patch 4.20 revision 2 (oculus first support implemented) on 19/08/2017"
,Recommended,570420,33854232,Posted: 28 July,all,@Dicky Spanish,"So in this game's future of space travel, there would be a ♥♥♥♥♥ bar at every hyper space terminal and the occasional hobo floating out from the garbage disposal of every space station.Anyway, I'm only about an hour and a half in and just finished the tutorial and started my first job which was to pick up some clown who's late for an important job interview. So basically I'm a  Uber driver in space, what would you call that a Moober or a Ubace. Anyway, again back on the game, I docked at the station had a conversation with some generic alien and a chick mechanic and noticed a countdown timer on the corner of the screen. Thinking WTF is that for, it suddenly clicked this Uberjob was on a time limit and I only had 45 seconds left. So I took off and left the clown to miss his meeting, let me tell you he was not at all happy thank ♥♥♥♥ I'm not going back to that space station for a while.So I got an angry call also from my Uber manager and decided to take a job clearing space mines from around a mining ship. ♥♥♥♥ that Uber driving for a joke, if I wanted to deal with angry customers I'd go back to work. Anyway, this was when I clicked up the menu during Auto pilot and clicked tutorial not realizing I would abort mission while over half way there and be asked to fly back to the tutorial area. So I clicked exit and started on this review.I am quite enjoying this game, while not as much action and the ship feels clunky compared to my favorite Everspace. There is much more to this game and I think over time I would end up preferring this one, just more to the galaxy in this.The graphics and actual ships, galaxies etc are all better in Everspace with more in a smaller area. But this is more realistic with huge areas of ♥♥♥♥ all as it would be in space. They're quite different games so I'm happy to keep playing both but this one, although will take longer to get on top of it, will end up being more rewarding.Only used the Vive wands for 10 minutes and then grabbed a gamepad, definitely play on an HOTAS or gamepad just to hard on the wands and if I'm honest doesn't suit the gameplay.I'm enjoying it so far, for $40 yeah it's probably worth it. I'm just out of the tutorial and have played longer than 60% of other VR games.Recommend to fans of space sims and space ♥♥♥♥♥ bars."
76561198022819091,Recommended,570420,34063834,Posted: 6 August,all,animecrisis,"Most beautiful VR game I have played to date.  With X-Series you have a very ""sandbox"" world and this shows exactly how potent the VR systems really are! 6/5!"
76561198010925173,Recommended,570420,34243339,Posted: 14 August,all,patric111958,"This VR version has rekindled my interest in the X series of games.  Previous X games were some of my favorites ever, but I was so disappointed in the inital release of X Rebirth, that I had written off the developer and the series.  I hesitantly decided to try this version because I know VR can make a big difference.  In this case it certainly has.  I know better than to waste my time with any campaign or tutorial missions - those have always been weak in X games, so I can't review any of that.  In fact, I can't review anything except flying around checking out the enormous, varied, interesting and sometimes beautiful space stations.  That is all I have done for over 10 hours of play!  And to me, that has proven to be well worth the asking price.  I have hope that the station/fleet/empire building gameplay will be good and I am looking forward to playing that part, but for now I am happy with what I have experienced.I also want to comment on the controls.  In some reviews that I have read, people were criticizing the way controls were implemented.  I have a Thrustmast Warthog HOTAS setup that I use with Elite Dangerous, but I haven't bothered to set it up with X Rebirth.  I quite like the way they implemented Vive wand controls.  I switch into, ""gesture"" control and after some initial practice, have found it to be a very effective way to control the ship.  I've only done a little combat so far, so don't know if it will be the most effective control for that, but it is what I am planning to use for the forseeable future.I hope X4 will have VR support by default.  I am not interested in multiplayer gaming, so at this point I am more interested in the X series than either Star Citizen or Elite Dangerous.  The quality and detail of the graphics are not as good, but for the current state of VR hardware, they are more than adequate.  The universe feels more alive and there seems to be much more to do in the game.  On the down side, the voice acting and some of the game design is still quite annoying, but for me, it is now easier to overlook.In summary, I do reccommend this game and I am guardedly optimistic again about the future of the X series of games."
,Recommended,570420,34224476,Posted: 13 August,all,VR_Junkie,"From a PC X-Rebith player, that loved the PC version. The VR version is ""Spot On!"". Good Job EgoSoft! Can't stop playing:)"
,Recommended,570420,34002039,Posted: 3 August,all,Bif,"Very promising, the motion controls are still a bit off but the developers have been very active and are probably going to solve it. There's also a full game here instead of some minigames like most VR ones have been."
,Recommended,570420,33877695,Posted: 29 July,all,Kongha,"What a VR game! The experince is quite hard to explain but just the first 30 minutes of the tutorial was such a blast and I were easily sucked into beeing a space pilot. Just to detrail and explore a spacestation and look at the different and unique parts of the station or to have a look at the red glowing astroid is just amazing. Handcontroll is easy to understand and the audiovisuall are stunning while the game is smooth in high settings (except no aa) on the following hardware: i5 4690k@4.4ghz, 690@1.2ghz, 16gb@2.4ghz, intel gen2 ssd, Oculus rift.Issues that Ive found: While playing with a handcontroll the ""back"" button also turns on the steam-vr overlay, so just turn off the overlay for the game :).Christ, some of you gamers are a salty bunch. Why the downvote on the postive reviews of this EA?"
76561198025071240,Recommended,570420,33847467,Posted: 27 July,all,Deja Drew,"(very early impressions)So the first thing to note is the game runs well. I have the settings high and 1.5x super sampling and its keeping a smooth frame rate and isn't causing any motion sickness.  The vive hand controls are ok, but not what I stuck with. Swapped to Hotas and its feeling much better for me. Think this is mostly from my many hours in elite dangerous. This game isn't really up with elite in terms of physics or graphics, but its not bad either.  I thought I was going to buy and refund immediatly and shake my head again at x rebirth, but its going good so far. Will write more after I get a good session in tomorrow."
76561198017125492,Recommended,570420,33847792,Posted: 27 July,all,haykeye13,"Seems ok so far. Using the Vive wands as controls didn't work the greatest for me. I found the input to be quite laggy, like my thumb would need to be in place for 2 seconds for the input to register.Graphics wise it seems ok, but I definately recommend using supersampling through advanced settings for best results. I was playing on high setting with 2.0 SS using an overclocked 980Ti. Would I recommend it? For the price, I'm not sure.If this is your type of game, I think you'll find it worth it. For me, I don't think its the game I'm looking for. Space sim's are great, but I think I've had my fill of this type of game after 100 hours of Elite Dangerous.This game isn't at the E:D level yet, but since it has steam workshop support there is some real promise.I'm going to recommend it because it seems well thought out, the cockpit is nicely detailed and there is a basic tutorial at the beginning of the first story mission. It needs work with the Vive controls no doubt, but I think this could be a good game. It has interesting weapon aiming and targeting in VR as well, the dev obviously put some time and thought into the motion controls and VR in general.From what I see it also supports other input (HOTAS/M+KB/Controller/Vive wands) so kudos to the dev to try to please everyone. Hopefully they give it more attention in the coming weeks.I'll try to update this reveiw as I play more."
76561198002353366,Recommended,570420,35352564,Posted: 30 September,all,Neros,Best use of Oculus Touch so far.
76561198063942102,Recommended,570420,33872292,Posted: 28 July,all,PS5Owner,"8/3 update added Vive controller steering which feels great.  Feels like you're actually flying the ship now.  Lots of options to tweak the controls .   I like using pitch/yaw on the flight stick and roll on the trackpad seems to help avoid motion sickness.The menus in VR work really well.  Everything is readable and it's very satisfying and smooth.  Sometimes I just park my ship and browse though the menus.  it's almost theraputic :)The game itself is pretty satisfying and looks good.Plus it's something you can sink a lot of time into which is rare in VR.10 hours later i'm fnally getting the swing of this game.  It still feels very big and overwhelming like I've barely scratched the surface.  For those who haven't played X, it's sort of an open world RPG in space.  The world feels alive.  You can do all the things you would expect.Freeform gameplay a bit like Skyrim.  You can take on missions and snag valuable loot.  upgrade your ship, steel, buy, build a fleet of ships to command.  pilot drones, hire crew members, and lots more I probably haven't discovered yet.Great game!"
76561197984811837,Recommended,570420,33912194,Posted: 30 July,all,Sjado,"2 hours in, and I will recommend this game. Using the Vive motion controllers is not to my liking, but I was never really intending to use them. I am using a T.16000M FCS hotas and it works well with XRVR. Flight is good, and is smooth on a GTX980.It is early access at this time, but am not seeing any game changing bugs so far. The worst is a ship that is stuck in space. that just jitters. Control setup could be better as it often pulls from an axis when I am trying to assign a button, I still can set them up fairly easily."
,Recommended,570420,34301885,Posted: 17 August,all,DooMeRocK,"Тут много обзоров, упрекающих управление через контроллеры движения Vive,Но ГЛАВНАЯ проблема заключается в том, что сами контроллеры не видно в игре.Я конечно не против очередного ""симулятора рук"", вроде ""Surgeon Simulator"" или ""Job Simulator"",Но неплохо было бы видеть хотябы сами контроллеры, с нанесенными на них подсказками управления.(похоже контроллеры было видно в ранних сборках)Я привык к управлению всего за 3-5ч, но до сих пор путаюсь между вызовом ""Основного"" и ""Быстрого"" меню..и иногда стреляю ракетами в кого не следует :D ..There are many reviews reproaching the controllers through the ""Vive motion controllers"",But the main problem is that the controllers themselves are not visible in the game.I'm certainly not against another ""simulator of the hands,"" like ""Surgeon Simulator"" or ""Job Simulator"",But it would be nice to see at least the controllers themselves, with management hints on them.(It seems that the controllers were visible in the early stages)I'm used to managing everything in 3-5 hours, but still I get confused between calling the ""Main"" and ""Quick"" menus ..And sometimes I shoot missiles at someone I should not :D .."
,Not Recommended,570420,35025713,Posted: 17 September,all,Panic,"Some things that are not made clear without doing your research first:This game is slow. The very first quest I was given took 15 minutes to fly to, using the boosters.I love exploration games but this really was just 15 minutes in a straight line, surrounded by background skybox on all sides.This remained fairly consistent as I continued to play, with very little in the way of action unless I specifically go looking for it, and then 5+ minutes of floating through intergalactic highways or slowly lumbering through space.Beyond that, expect to spend a lot of your time in this game just going from A to B.You can only pilot one ship - the one you start in.You can upgrade your ship, but you cannot fly anything else. I really don't understand why this had to be the case, in previous X games flying ships was a core aspect of gameplay.The menus are pretty daunting. It is entirely possible to miss out on the majority of what the game has to offer simply because it's tucked away in some obscure menu. Expect to be googling or looking for walkthroughs as you discover new things to do, but not how to do them.I can understand how someone may enjoy this game if they're hardcore into economy management and wandering around, but if like me you want action and/or coherent interface design, best to look elsewhere.Hopefully VR will be present in X4, along with flying multiple ships."
,Not Recommended,570420,33849740,Posted: 27 July,all,Zig777,I just paid 40 bucks to get nausea :( Thouchpad controls need  sensitivity adjusters. I can't imagine trying to dogfight with these I would hurl.... and no roll configured- seriouly 40 bucks???
,Not Recommended,570420,33926098,Posted: 31 July,all,Dex,Do NOT support this Developer. This is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ VR version of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. They might have done some decent work with patches and DLC with the original game but don't be fooled. This is not an X game. This is just a cash grab.
