user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,571340,31383927,Posted: 26 April,all,Natafish,"Took a minute to figure out the game.  After that, it seemed pretty straightforward.  Search the map for the 9 totems while avoiding the Windigo.  Once you burn all 9 totems, you must locate and burn the heart of the Windigo.  After that I have no clue.  The difficulty scales up each time you burn a totem, and I'm just too scrubby to actually find all of them.All in all, the map seems well made, the graphics are pretty high quality, and the controls are fairly nice once you figure them out.  Additionally, the vibe you get from everything adds up and makes a very horrifying experience.  Dead people and animals everywhere, trapped in a dark, wet, foggy valley.  They even added small touches like bugs crawling on your face when you walk through a cloud of bugs.  I'd recommend the game to all my friends who play VR horror games, for sure.My only complaint with the game is that it is extremely dark, and I found navigation very difficult.  In addition, the totems you have to burn are not really in intuitive locations.  Though they are near them, so I suppose you're just supposed to search a bit harder."
76561197980940812,Not Recommended,571340,35192622,Posted: 24 September,all,Roger Daniels,"Персональный рейтинг - 4 из 10Желтоглазый демон, или Жги, молись, бегиЛеса Северной Америки хранят в себе множество тайн. Одна из таких - таинственное создание вендиго, питающееся живой плотью и, согласно поверьям, вечно ощущающее неутолимый голод. Как героя игры Seeking Evil: The Wendigo вообще занесло в североамериканскую глухомань, история, однако, умалчивает. Четко ясна лишь задача - сжечь 9 тотемов, чтобы снять проклятие вендиго и как бы между делом положить конец тирании монстра. В непростом деле борьбы с лесным чудищем нам поможет зажигалка с бесконечным запасом бензина, факелы и еще фонарик впридачу. На кой в игре столько источников света, учитывая, что свет привлекает монстра - вопрос, конечно, хороший. Помимо вышеперечисленной дребедени, у игрока в распоряжении есть по-настоящему толковый предмет - древняя реликвия анк, которая способна сканировать окрестности и подобно компасу указывать нам на ближайшие тотемы. Архиполезная вещь, которая заметно облегчает поиск тотемов.Местность, скорее напоминающая охотничьи угодья для страшилища, создана неплохо и довольно атмосферна, но с фантазией у автора все равно туговато - есть большое страшное дерево, есть какое-то заброшенное поселение местных аборигенов, речка с ужасными текстурами воды, больше смахивающей на гудрон, церемониальное строение, где вы начинаете игру, и гордость автора - каменная пирамида, где находится сердце вендиго.По задумке разработчика, нам надо, прячась за деревьями и кустами, играть в кошки-мышки с плотоядной тварью, шарящей по окрестностям. На деле четкий алгоритм взаимодействия с чудищем остался для меня загадкой. Поведение ИИ плохо поддается логике - то зверь носится по лесу как ошалелый, то может оказаться стоящим как столб за ближайшем деревом, то может просто материализоваться в паре десятков метров от вас и начать светить своими ярко-желтыми глазищами-блюдцами. Ясно одно - попадаться ему на глаза в такие моменты себе дороже. Но даже если вы проявили невнимательность и тварь вас-таки заметила, то и здесь возможен разный исход - монстр может убежать от вас (!), может исчезнуть, а может и погнаться за вами вдогонку. Последний вариант развития событий наиболее опасен - если чудовище вас настигнет, игра заканчивается.Если все же придется давать деру, то следует помнить, что в игре реализовано два типа быстрого перемещения - бег и спринт. Бег активируется зажатием Shift. Чтобы перейти от бега к спринту, нужно, помимо удерживания Shift, быстро нажимать клавишу F - герой начнет ускоряться пока не наберет максимальную скорость. Стоит сказать, носится персонаж довольно быстро. Более того, не выдыхается через 5 секунд, так что можно преодолеть вполне солидную дистанцию.Игра была бы относительно нетрудной, если бы не непредсказуемость монстра, которого то не видно, то тот выскакивает из первого подвернувшегося куста с диким ревом, разрывающего динамики звуком с чудовищным перегрузом. Любимым трюком монстра, впрочем, является появиться в метре за вашей спиной и тут же исчезнуть, оставив вам в наследство пару седых волос. Опасности данная сцена для игрока не несет никакой, чудовище в такой момент вас даже не атакует, просто появляется и растворяется в воздухе, но на месте вы подпрыгните точно. На таких дешевых уловках и выстроен весь хоррор.Проблема в том, что в своем текущем виде пройти игру чудовищно сложно, если только не прибегать к различным хитростям и уловкам. По мере сжигания тотемов скорость бега вендиго возрастает. То есть если вы сожгли всего 1-2 тотема, то убежать от монстра не так уж трудно. Но если 6 или 7 деревянных истуканов превратились в пепел, то тварь будет носиться как полоумная и убежать от нее вы не сможете. Вообще. Единственным способом пройти игру является задействовать незадокументированную (хотя и логичную) возможность -залезть на дерево. Реализовано это чудовищно криво, так что это определенно баг. Но пройти игру иным способом практически невозможно.Пауза в игре носит чисто формальный характер - игра продолжает идти, так что монстр может сцапать вас даже при активированной паузе.После окончания забега ведется подсчет очков. За каждое действие присуждаются баллы: убежал от монстра - 600 очков, пережил глупый скример - 100, сжег тотем - 150. Видно, что планируется реализация полноценной системы списка лидеров, но пока об этом напоминает только надпись Global Rank 20, которая не говорит вообще ни о чем, для чего она болтается в главном меню - неясно.Игра поддерживает VR, в очках виртуальной реальности вам гарантированы новые впечатления, но даже в новом обличье надолго в Seeking Evil вы не задержитесь - сначала поседеете от постоянных скримеров, потом уснете от однообразия."
76561197972025376,Not Recommended,571340,34893589,Posted: 11 September,all,justintd,"HTC Vive review: This should probably be free, as there are many free games way better than this. I have a 1080 Ti, and I get a lot of reprojection. Also, the game itself isn't good. You light some totems with a lighter until you're chased by some annoying sound and red light. I just kept running, and it never got me. I could have ran forever, it seemed, and it would just go on and on with the annoying sounds. At one point, I stopped, trying to die, but nothing got me. Another time it was chasing me, I was next to a rock wall, and there was an obvious hole under it, so I went through it. I was then in an area outside of the game's intended area with no plants or textures or anything. The Wendigo guy found me in there, but he still didn't kill me. I walked off the edge of the game world to try to kill myself, but that didn't kill me either, and I seemed to be constantly falling, so I had to restart the game. This isn't fun. Don't waste your money."
,Recommended,571340,31386593,Posted: 26 April,all,MeatyLock,"This review is from a non VR perspective.I really love this game so far and I can't wait to see how it gets better. Its very atmospheric, scary and decently challenging. Of course I'm new to the game so as time progresses I'm sure it will become easier, but for my first foray into this I absolutely loved it. Has great potential.If you are fan of Finding Bigfoot or anything similar then this is the game for you.Others have complained the game is dark and murky. Maybe its just my monitor, but I find with the glow of the moon it seems very bright/beautiful at night. I'm comparing this to most games where its just darkness and you can't see anything. This is nothing like that. I think it mostly has to do with people playing in VR.The ankh shows you exactly where the totems are. The floating ball in the middle of the ankh goes either left or right depending on where you are facing. Just even it out and go straight. It will lead you directly to them.I've not encountered any bugs or weirdness so far. I read a review about controls sucking using VR so beware of that.My first impressions of the gamehttps://youtu.be/cHTOeOVErb8"
76561197997678124,Not Recommended,571340,34899732,Posted: 12 September,all,fragkitten,"This game is not worth $10. It's not even worth the sale price at $7. Harsh but true. I thought that for this price they would be adding a LOT more to the game rather than mostly leaving it 'as is' with a few minor bug fixes. Everything feels clumsy and lazy.Ugh. I purchased this game while it was in early access to check it out and support the devs. It seemed like it had potential then, albeit clunky as hell. Little did I know, I would be getting basically the same thing upon release.This game is aggravating. I played the non-VR version and it seemed like it was only meant to be played with a VR headset because you have to constantly look down at your belt to clumsily try to fumble for items.Both walking and running feel really slow for me and the ankh mechanic didn't ever seem to work properly at all. Ever.Here is what my gameplay was like:>Start a new game>Clumsily make my way out of a cave/ruined building>Look right, look left. See nothing but woods and a handful of torches in the distance. The artwork seems neat enough.>Find a flashlight, spend a few minutes clumsily fumbling with the belt mechanic(this is so frustrating) to get the right items in my hands.>After a few moments exploring and trying to use the ankh, the sun goes away.>Several minutes of wandering in the dark woods while spamming the ankh finally gets a faint purple highlight.>I wander over and wave the lighter around in front of this thing I assume I am supposed to burn. It burns.>Weird red light shows up with an annoying sound. There is nothing scary about any of this. It's just loud.>Wendigo spawns literally right on top of me and I run away, spamming the ankh to find another totem thing.>The red light and annoying sound never go away. I hear chase music and I'm told to sprint but see nothing.>After 20 minutes of running around the woods spamming the ankh and being forced to deal with that red light and awful noise, I was unable to find a second totem.>The wendigo spawns on top of me again and kills me.>At this point, I really don't want to spend that long running around in the woods with that awful sound and mechanics that don't seem to work properly at all. I give up.There was nothing scary about this game. I really expected so much more for a $10 price tag and I really have no idea why there are any good reviews at all.Sometimes I'll give a no recommendation and say to buy a game on sale. I wouldn't even go that far with this title, so I'm just going to give a firm 'Do not buy'. Not even on sale. How incredibly disappointing."
76561198001753900,Recommended,571340,31419669,Posted: 28 April,all,Strela,"This game is CRAZY scary , I've played many other scary/jump scare games but this one really sticks. Because it really feels like you're running through the thick dark forest with nothing but a lighter and an Egyptian relic figuring out what to do next , while feeling the thrilling sensation of a monster lurking and stalking you in the shadows"
76561198062634398,Recommended,571340,31426817,Posted: 28 April,all,giostyle15,"very good game... with a bit more polishing up, it will do great. i strongly recomend this game for VR owners. Enjoy.. ;)"
76561198017125492,Recommended,571340,31424545,Posted: 28 April,all,haykeye13,"This game made me scream like a girl. 10/10.Good graphics, polished design & gameplay. More VR Supersampling options would be nice but overall good polish and very terrifying. Great Wendigo model that thing is gruesome."
,Recommended,571340,31485860,Posted: 1 May,all,JorgenRe,"This game...IT is made for VR that is as long as you get past the menu.The devs have done an awesome job on the visuals and sound to make this a terrifyingly scary game.The gameplay is in simplicity just slowly walking around in a dark forest tryeing to find and burn the totems, but things gets more and more interesting as you progress by burning those totems. Since the visual effects changes into a more darker tone.I managed on my first playthrough to burn ~4 totems, but i failed as the stress took over and i began running around to be done quicker. Not a good idea. As i had not met the Wendigo during the time i walked, but when i began being careless he was around every corner.All in all it's a great game even during early access that has a good amount of content for it's price point. That is of course if you dare playing it until you  can beat it ;)!9.5/10 - Just need a laser pointer for the menu!Now i'm off to playing something a little friendlier :PPS: Do keep the fast sprinting with the shaking of the controllers as an option as it helped with the stress."
,Recommended,571340,32023518,Posted: 28 May,all,GreenFireToast,"Overall - this is a cool game, I've done a few attempts, haven't gotten very far but its fun and I always freeze when the monster finds me, even though I think I'm supposed to try and run away. The dev needs to fix a few things, but in the meantime I think its worth it, just bump down your ss settings a bitPlaying on the vive, 1080, 16 GB RAM, i7-6700. Running feels satisfying, the forest feels spooky and dangerous, there's mystery to how the monster works and the way the night progresses as you find the totems builds tension.Things that need fixing though: there is a white line or flash when I scan my head horizontally - its not game-breaking but it's annoying and immersion breaking. There's an occasional tree that floats with no base, and the game seems way more performance heavy than it should be. Biggest issue is that the trackpad is way too sensitive, it makes sneaking really difficult, if the sensitivity setting in the menu is meant to address this it should be more clearly labelled, and the default should be much less touchy. An ss setting that overrides steam VR's would be nice as well to let players more easily adapt for performance. But otherwise its a good game, and the slightly different take on trackpad locomotion works once you get the hang of it, but again its too sensitive. I'll try later with the ""sensitivity"" in the settings to see if it fixes that which if it does, can't stress enough how the default setting should be way lower.But yeah, for about 10 bucks this is worth picking up, my playtime's only 0.7 at time of writing but I think it'll slowly growUpdate - turns out sensitivity setting doesn't change anything for trackpad loco on vive (not sure about other platforms). Hope the dev fixes this asap, this game would be that much better with a more sneak-friendly speed when players want to inch about"
76561197995033326,Recommended,571340,31411378,Posted: 28 April,all,SappyJayJay,"poo'ed myself, not sure if i can pick it up again. If you like being scared to death in VR then this game is for you."
,Recommended,571340,31631811,Posted: 8 May,all,"Disastro, Often MVP.","Reviwed in Virtual Reality, link to review at bottom.I'm into horror games, and there is something legitimately unique here. I've played a lot that involve a chase, Amnesia, Outlast, Alien Isolation. There's something extra in Seeking Evil: The Wendigo.Despite being Early Access I think it's pretty much done. There's just a few things that might not have the required level of polish.The Good:VR is implemented with no grief.Looks great in VR.Seriously the visuals are amazing, it's appropriately very dark, but the way things sillouette is bordering on genius at times.Feels like you're being hunted.Lots of visual and auditory extras to keep you focused.AI isn't easy to figure out, which is important in a game like this.Unique mechanic in the Ankh (it's a fancy compass...)Well priced.The Bad:No smooth turning.Minimal options.The mechanics of burning totems feels a bit minimal.Lack of collision on some walls/trees.Occasional draw distance issues.For non-VR the value drops a bit, it's still reasonable but it's a bit more average by comparison.All in all, a very enjoyable game and probably the new go-to for getting VR visitors a quick horror thrill.I go into a bit more detail in my video review, so as always check that out for the full impression:https://youtu.be/uzEkOeynStM"
76561197993512602,Not Recommended,571340,34167520,Posted: 11 August,all,Bellbane,First HTC Vive game I buy that is unplayable due to missed frames all the time.... sad stuff
,Recommended,571340,34939659,Posted: 13 September,all,your local wendigo,Runs great. Honestly I know it's a lot like slender but it's still a game that keeps me coming back for more! Totally excited to see where it goes in the future.~wendi
76561198010615424,Not Recommended,571340,34912022,Posted: 12 September,all,highlygifted81,Game runs very poorly. I have a gtx 1080. No way this should run this bad.
,Recommended,571340,31395909,Posted: 27 April,all,[ LUMOS ] HardKiller ( GS ),for a small indi group and there second game they have made  the devs allways come out on top another  awsome game from the devs thanks a millon i love the game to bits keep up the good work
,Recommended,571340,33527561,Posted: 13 July,all,Exyborg,"7/13/2017: I've played one game so far, and it's proven very graphic-intensive. It's very laggy with my current system, but still managed to scare enough enjoyment into me to not request a refund. I plan to upgrade my system in the coming weeks and will attempt to play again and leave a more detailed review. So far though, I'm still pleased!"
,Not Recommended,571340,31392938,Posted: 27 April,all,[RIP] SpaceBaldy,Graphically Seeking Evil: The Wendigo does not compare with the trailer or screenshots even with everything set on max as visuals are murky (like looking through a vaseline covered lens even with supersampling on 1.5).As other reviewers have stated...it's very dark. I tried ramping up the gamma only to find graphical issues thoughout especially to the canyon wallls.There does not seem to a logical method of finding the totems. The Ankh seems only to provide a pulse of light rather than assist finding totems. Once found the buring animation is brief and unconvincing.Sound is well done and is suitably eerie especially when the Wendigo is looking towards you.At one point the Wedigo stood next to me for a few seconds then disappeared. This was either a close call or something didn't go as planned.Flys on the headset were a nice touch and were realistic enough for me to try and swat then away. The waterfall is well animated athough I walked on top of the stream rather than in it (and no sound effects either).Movement uses the trackpad and depends on where you are looking so that you cannot free look around whilst moving.I know this is early access but it still needs some work to be the game it promises in the trailer.
76561198068977391,Recommended,571340,33234444,Posted: 4 July,all,martindnroberts,I bought this on sale and wasn't expecting much but that was before I had to come off the game because I can't even anymore.It plays much like that indie Slender game with similar mechanics (looking through the woods for cassette tapes or in this case totems) and leaves on on edge while letting you know you're being hunted. Definately worth buying at the sale price.
,Not Recommended,571340,35160927,Posted: 23 September,all,Denis Page,"I can't recommend this game at this timeTerrible performance even with a high end machine (i7 6700k, 1080Ti, 16gb vive)The story is confuse, and you don’t now exactly what to do."
,Not Recommended,571340,31387213,Posted: 26 April,all,FamousScrub,"* This review is for Non-VR version of Seeking Evil **Sigh* I wish Steam would allow a little more leeway in it's review options. Saying that I don't recommend Seeking Evil makes it sound like it is a bad game, when really it isn't. I'm just not sure at this stage it justifies the 10$ price tag.Graphically the game is legit. I was really surprised at how good and smooth it ran. No issues, bugs, or glitches that I notcied in my hour play through.The sound is also really well done. The rustle of the grass as you move through it, your character's labored breathing as he sprints haphazardly through the forrest, the death screetch of the approaching Wendigo, all of it is top notch.AAA game quality in graphics and sound; so what's not to like? First off the item interface is super clunky. It get's annoying having to crouch down and zoom in to select what you are trying to pick up. The gameplay is intense when the action is happening...which is unfortunately in my experience, like 10 % of the time. The majority of my playthough was just spent running around aimlessly through the forrest, trying to 'ping' the locations of the totems, and dodging the Wendigo's ""Sauron's Eye"" mechanic. The suspense wore away quickly, and it got failry repitive after awhile.I will admit that the game does have its moments, on the Ohh♥♥♥♥♥♥scale. I nearly jumped out of my chair during one certain interaction. The atmosphere is good while it holds you in suspense, for me it just wore off really quickly due to all the time spent aimlessly wandering around. 10$ is cheap in AAA game world, but for indie game world, that is middle of the road in cost. You'll have to decide for yourself if there is enough here to hold your interest to pay that price.I included a short gameplay video so you can see if you are curious as to the mechanics and how the game functions.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVDZqkivC5w"
,Recommended,571340,32719658,Posted: 24 June,all,Qant,My right eye have blury image... is it just for me or other oculus to?Not bad for early... they have to work with optimizations and may be it will be run more smothely...I hope they dont quit and finished the whole game
76561198088356599,Recommended,571340,34876265,Posted: 10 September,all,GR1M,It's ok.  Check me out giving it a gohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9F_Lq8KGh4
