user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,571530,32706694,Posted: 23 June,all,[NN$]Mr.Lucky,"First of all you guys need to now i finished this game on 25 hrs and got Normal End + True End (yeah it's quite short)and do i recommended this game?HELL YEAHthis series is my 2nd favorite in the entire series (the first one isMegadimension) this game has very smooth graphic,good port,and i really love library theme music+Pros:+Interesting story (yeah although this is spin off of the main series,the story is very complex)+Good Graphic+Memorable music+Good Port+add some new feature in the dungeon like run,crawling etc.+Nep Nep-Cons-Few dungeon is recycled from Re:birth Series (oh well i'm getting used to it)-Not all dialogue has English dub (well i always using Japanese dub anyway)-Nep got Bullied,everyone calling her Crap Bike >:(in conclusion = 9.8/10 i really enjoy this game"
,Recommended,571530,32943544,Posted: 28 June,all,Inktober,"**SPOILERS AHEAD**I. GAMEPLAYThere is a total overhaul here with regards to the gameplay mechanics. You'll notice a huge difference in the battle mechanics between this game and the Re;birth ones. You can use four characters at a time. The only downside for me was that you can only choose between IF and Segami as your Party Leaders.Farming for ultimate end-game gears is easier here because all you need to do is to get to New Game+ and then take the quests needed for those gears and kill the bosses. The gears are handed out as a reward for completing the quest, which means there's no need for you to kill the boss over and over again. Also, those bosses don't drop anything anyway.The Hidden Treasure mechanic is absent here. All hidden treasures can now be found inside breakable objects spread across the dungeons, which is great because that mechanic was annoying in the Re;birth games.II. PLOTThe plot is very friendly towards new and old players alike, since it takes place in the Superdimension which is a very different dimension from the plot of the main series. It's a spin-off after all.In this game, IF and Segami are the protagonists. Here, IF meets Histoire and the four goddesses for the first time. Neptune still makes meta jokes, though. The rest of the Neptunia cast do not make an appearance here.The only returning characters here from the franchise are IF, Neptune, Nepgear, Plutia, Uzume, and Histoire. Segami, Dreamcast, Saturn, Mega Drive, and Game Gear are the newest addition to the franchise.  It's basically SEGA's real consoles (the Sega Hard Girls) vs. their fictional and/or discontinued counterparts (the four goddesses).III. PERSONAL ISSUESSome dungeons are very bright for my eyes. I wish there was a setting that could change the in-game brightness because it's hard to see the medals and baseball collectibles.One thing that kinda puts me off is the amount of swearing the characters make in this series, which is really new to me (I'd like to point out that my first and current playthrough is under the English dub version)IF still does not have her own set of costumes! This really puzzles me, considering that this is HER game, so it should make sense that she'd be given costumes available for purchase at the shop. Segami and the Sega Hard Girls do not have costumes as well. It has nothing to do with gameplay, but considering that Iffy is the protag here, shouldn't she be given the protag treatment?Most of the costumes here are just recycled from the old games. Speaking of which, monsters and dungeons are also recycled in this game. Nothing new for a Nep game.IF and Segami are the only characters you can choose to be your party leader. Weird, considering that on all Nep games, all characters can be picked as your party leader.Lily Rank grinding is ABSOLUTELY TIRING. Really, it is. Even with Love++ skils and Symbol Crusher GET, it really takes a while for you to max out your Lily Rank, even if the max level is only 5. And having only IF and Segami as team leaders makes it cumbersome to max out your Lily RanksIV. DLCThe DLCs will grant you an unfair advantage in the game and should help you complete it fast.V. GENERALThis is what a proper Neptunia game should be. It's definitely a breath of fresh air. The personalities of the main Sega Hard Girls here are a bit similar to their anime counterparts in the Hi sCoool! SeHa Girls show, although Dreamcast got a total overhaul here since her personality has been toned down quite hard.Other Sega consoles are present in the game, although four main consoles serve as NPCs inside the Library. Several other consoles can be seen via Chirper where you can learn their unique traits and personalities, and should give you a brief background on what they were supposed to represent back in the day.You should definitely give this game a chance if you're a fan of the Neptunia franchise. The overhauled game mechanics just makes it so fun to play.I'd also like to recommend the Hi sCoool! SeHa Girls anime. It's short and sweet. Great for SEGA fans and anyone else who enjoys video games."
,Recommended,571530,33792558,Posted: 25 July,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"This is the first game of this franchise I’ve played. Segami’s design caught my attention for some reason, I found her super cute plus I wanted to play a JRPG on my new PC. I bought all the DLCs so they most likely made things “easier” for me. I also played with the Steam Controller, and it worked perfectly in my opinion.Sega Hard Girlshas an addictive gameplay; it’s really fun to kill things, be it hitting them with your weapon or using your special skills. Collecting medals was fun too, a bit frustrating sometimes when you missed a little coin somewhere inside a big dungeon, but that’s fine. The enemies started okay, not too strong or too weak, and around in the middle of the story they suddenly got a lot stronger, even for a high level character. I don’t mind having to grind, to be honest. But I think there were just a little variation of enemies and dungeons and that made the game somewhat repetitive. The story itself was alright, not a masterpiece but it wasn’t bad either.Neptune turning into IF’s bike was funny at first. But the “crappy bike” jokes got old too soon lolThe characters have lovely designs and nice attacks, and the whole fever gauge thing made things even better. I’m not a game expert, especially 3D games (I mostly play visual novels), but there was a little thing that bothered me: the jumps. It’s probably because I don’t have much experience with these games, but the whole “run and jump” felt a bit weird for me to execute, and my party leader would fall sometimes. Anyway, like I said, it’s probably my own fault. lol8/10. I know it’s a short game for a JRPG, but I honestly had a great time.  If you dislike killing the same enemies over and over, you might not like it so much."
76561198038371482,Recommended,571530,32470933,Posted: 16 June,all,Rat 13,"To be fair after GODLIKE ""Neptunia VII"" every other game in series feels a wee bit gray, not to mention spinoffs (excluding Hyperdevotion Noir). But in case of Neptune vs Sega Hard Girls I can only say: It's ok, it's fine... For hardcore fans, so to  put it out of the way1) If you never heard or played any onther Neptunia game, don't bother with this one2) If you played other games in series and like them, you may try this one3) Harcore fan of series? Buy it without second thoughtNow for a little more information:Plot: This one is a collaboration between Neptunia and Sega Hard Girls. Story itself is very simple and tosses no surprises or twists.Gameplay: Simplified and kinda boring to be fair.Humor: Fans love Neptunia games for it humor and in this one it's solid. Sure to make you at least crack a smile now and then.Features: The main idea behind this game, is that you have one big boss, and in order to destroy it player must travel through diffrent periods in time -- representing SEGA console evolution -- and complete quests with time limit. Quests that you failed to complete, or ran out of time will be devoured by big boss making him stronger thus making battle harder. In short if you played ""Trillion"" -- you know the premise.OST: So-so (but again I may be a wee bit totaly subjective on this one, because of VII). A handfull of tracks are nice, but most of them are ambient rubbish.So as a final note: As was said in the begining, this game is for hard core fans mostly. It certanly better than ""U"" and ""Blanc Vs Zombies"" as far as spinoffs go, but less enjoyable than ""Hyperdevotion Noir"" or main games in serie."
,Recommended,571530,32736879,Posted: 24 June,all,Mura ☭,i'm a simple mani see nepi buyauto recommend
,Recommended,571530,32415015,Posted: 14 June,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"I don't know how had the idea for the personification from the SEGA consoles, but he is a genius XDIf you already had played any Neptune games, know that all the funny comments are back here, together with a good RPG controls."
,Recommended,571530,34187593,Posted: 12 August,all,Drew-Drew,Iffy is a main character in this game. Automatic YES.
76561198025980821,Recommended,571530,32382283,Posted: 12 June,all,RawShank,"Played previously on PSTV achieving normal ending.Join guild member extraordinaire/wind adventurer IF and amnesiac/tsundere Hatsumi (Segami) Sega as they time travel back to different eras to attempt fixing history along the way.Pros1080p + 60 fps is a welcome changeMusic is greatGreat vita port so farHilarious 4th wall jokes and references alikeNew casting (Sega Saturn, Master System, Game Gear and Dreamcast) is great?Different unlockable formations for different batlle effectsMultiple EndingsMostly balanced throughout the playthrough (some spike boss fights but still possible)Turn based battle are funClasses for each character is appreciatedNeutralCan only switch between IF and Segami as the party leaderFan service isn't for everybodyEquipment, skills setup resets to default upon starting new game +ConsA level approximation of each quests would of been appreciated but stillPS Vita: 8/10PC: 8.4/10"
76561197974004598,Recommended,571530,32420697,Posted: 14 June,all,Iskarius,"As the title would suggest, its a Neptunia game with Sega-related girls. If that makes no sense to you, perhaps try an earlier version of the Neptunia games first. I don't think this is a good place to enter the series (it doesn't really matter, but this is a spin-off title!)The combat is drastically different this time around. Its still turn based, but your starting positioning matters more. You can charge your attacks for more damage. You can jump in combat to collect power ups during combat as well.Other than that, its still for the most part yet another Neptunia game. You know what to expect at this point, yes? Oh but IF is the protagonist this time around. Now that is interesting!You can expect a weird and silly story with characters that range from wacky to out right bizarre (I mean Sega consoles that turned into cute anime girls is already a little off the radar for most...). The Neptunia games never take themselves too seriously, so sit back and relax, its not that serious!That doesn't mean the story can't bring up good points or be a little heavy on the subject matter at times, too.All that being said, more Nep is always alright with me!Edit: You can play this game in Japanese (text wise). I'm not sure how important of a feature this is to most, but to me its a good thing to have."
,Recommended,571530,32524611,Posted: 17 June,all,wzagorski89,"So I haven't played this game for very long, and I'm noticing a few odd things. Nothing game-breaking, but odd.First off, the voice acting for Segami in the early parts goes from low to high at some points, as if the VA spoke about an inch or closer to the mic. I want to adjust the voice settings so her normally quiet voice can be heard a bit better, but if she's suddenly going to be loud like that, I'll keep it where it is.Second, in the Lost Blocks stage, I dunno if it was intentional, but there's a chasm below one of the ropes you can cross, and asides from some breakable objects and a hole to climb through, there's no way back up. MAKE SURE YOU HAVE AN ESCAPE BUTTON IF YOU FALL DOWN HERE.Otherwise, so far, great game. A distinct lack of Compa so far tho."
,Recommended,571530,33105309,Posted: 1 July,all,Nawani,"I am a simple manI see new Neptune game, misteriously my wallet is full of money.Little reviewPros:Very good port.Good history, even though it's a spin-offFirst non CPU to have a game as main protagonist (IF-chan)Run and crawlingpantsu shotCons:Recycled monsters and dungeons (well, it has always been like this)Bad translation, some dialogs were exagerated or lost the meaning on adaptationCrap bike -and has bad taste color-"
76561198114339588,Recommended,571530,32484141,Posted: 16 June,all,Crip,"TL;WR: Great nep game. It gets a 7.5/10 due to its rather short lenght.This was my first nep spin-off, and I'm quite happy with it. Many great additions and changes to gameplay and the nice character interactions that will make you smile are here as well. I'll list the pros and cons:PROS+ New combat system. They got rid of the flashy combos for a more strategic system, and it's awesome. Now you have an Action Gauge, which gets filled as you peform actions during your turn. Now you're not locked to just attacking or using an item or skill, you can do all that in a single turn. However, the more actions you perform, the longer you'll have to wait for the next turn, so be careful!+ Different formations. You aren't free to arrange your battle positions anymore. You need to use specific positions determined by your chosen formation. Every formation has a special effect, which contributes to strategic play.+ EXEs are back to being extremely powerful, BUT! Now you can only use them during Fever Time. You slowly build up your Fever gauge as you fight, and then release it to enter Fever Time, unlocking your EXEs and skipping enemy turns! Sounds powerful, but the gauge builds up rather slowly. Don't expect to get Fever Time twice in a boss fight, so make it count.+ Now you can sprint in dungeons. Very convenient!+ Now searching for hidden items means actually searching for them. No ""scanning"" or looking for shadows on the ground. Though the boxes are still there, fully visible this time.+ Climb, crouch and move through ropes! At first this felt unnecessary, but some dungeons have carefully hidden secrets that can only be accessed this way.+ You don't have to find items to create plans anymore. You unlock them as you play, and just choose if you want to activate them or not.+ Search function is back! Like in Rebirth;3, no need to search your bestiary for drops anymore. The game will tell you where to get an item even if it's dropped from a breakable object.+ Less characters, different classes. If you felt a bit odd in other games travelling with a group of 30 girls, well now there's only 10. They each get 3 classes to choose from, and can be leveled up. Each class will unlock different skills and passives so make sure to level all of them. You can only choose up to 5 skills and passives to use at a time, though. Decisions, decisions!+ This isn't really a spoiler, more of a mechanic, but..you can get both the Normal and True ending in the same playthrough.Sounds weird, but it's convenient.NEUTRALDifferent dimensions, different versions of the same dungeons. You could argue this is an excuse to recycle dungeons. It doesn't bother me, though. I though the changes between them were interesting. Sadly, there are very few of them in each era, maybe 7 or 8. So you'll be playing through 4 versions of these 7 or 8 dungeons. Though I can't imagine you being a Nep fan if you're annoyed by them reusing stuff.CONS- Short. Took me 34h to complete all missions available and get the true ending. From what I heard, there should be more content if you can find more hidden items. I'll go into NG+ to see what I can get.- Counter on missions. No, not a time counter, thankfully. All current missions have a counter that will go down 1 for every mission you complete. I'm not going to spoil what happens if a counter gets to 0, but don't worry, you'll have as many chances as you need to complete everything. It's just a bit annoying, really. You do have a way to prevent the counter from ever reaching 0, though that's also reather annoying in early game. This whole system is very confusing when you're just starting.- The Goddesses and Sega Girls don't interact much, besides with their respective counterparts and the three main characters. If you were expecting some Uzume x Plutie dialogues, well.. it happens only once and they don't even say each other's names. Many wasted opportunities if you ask me.- Only IF and Segami can be party leaders. IF looks really cool this time around, and all her animations look good so that's not much of a problem. Segami... looks weird running, but you should be sprinting most of the time. You get a nice panties view when she's crouching. Well, this also means that you're forced to always keep one of them on your battle party. Don't worry, Segami has a lot of utility. IF loses in power to other girls, but she's great at getting item drops.- Terrible translation. Want an example? Saturn saying ""oh it's you guys"" in japanese was translated to ""oh it's you losers"". No, she didn't even sound aggressive or annoyed. The translation in this game just makes the girls seem like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and curse a lot for no reason."
,Recommended,571530,34557567,Posted: 28 August,all,Polly,"If you come to Neptunia for the story, writing, and characters, there's a lot to love here, but don't expect the actual game part of the game to hold it its end of the bargain.  If you can accept that, then I DO RECOMMEND this game.  If not it may be wise to skip or catch it on sale.Superdimension Neptune vs Sega Hard girls retains all the silly charm and wit you come to the Neptunia series for and breathes a breath of fresh air into the premise by giving IF the protagonist role and getting her away from most of the series' main cast where she's often overshadowed.  It instead drops her into a new setting with some fresh new faces to bounce off of.  This is where the game truly shines.  The dialog and writing are as rapid fire and on-point as ever, and though the story itself may be a bit by-the-numbers, it's the characters that pull this thing through to the finish line.That said, the gameplay isn't quite as great.  The Victory/Re;Birth system's been thrown out the window in favor of a simpler and not quite as engaging battle system that usually only ever requires you to hammer on one button, and most of the game's boss encounters can easily be demolished with the Fever System.  Near the middle and end, you'll find two boss encounters that feel completely unbalanced and outright unfair unless you find a way to cheese them or level grind until you're silly.The game also makes use of an entirely mission-based structure which kills all the momentum you'd get from a normally structured RPG.  Most of the game's missions are fairly boring, ""kill monster/find item"" requests that are required to open the main story missions, which are often just one scene of dialogue and maybe a boss fight and then you get punted back out again.  It's not a game that's all that fun to play in longer bursts like previous entries of the series are.  The game's structure does feel like a bit of a concession given its roots as a portable game, but the lack of any compelling content in those missions makes it feel like a grind.  Side missions in Neptunia games are chores, and from a gameplay standpoint, they made an entire game about doing chores.  Nobody likes doing chores.So, I'll reiterate, ""if you come to Neptunia for the story, writing, and characters, there's a lot to love here, but don't expect the actual game part of the game to hold it its end of the bargain.  If you can accept that, then I DO RECOMMEND this game.  If not, it may be wise to skip or catch it on sale."""
,Recommended,571530,33400533,Posted: 9 July,all,Neaira Zephyrus,"Superdimension Neptune VS Sega Hard Girls, had a refreshing feeling when I started playing it. Compared to the other games the mechanics and so on may be the same, but for some reason the game just felt refreshing to play. Maybe it was because IF had a bigger role (personally I didn't like IF in the other Neptune games) but when I played Superdimension, everything about her and the game felt different or new ( I know it is very similar to the others, I am just saying how I felt when I played this). Superdimension Neptune VS Sega Hard Girls is a very good game and I do recommend it to any fans, or new people who havent played the other games. Since the story is not fully connected to the other games, it also gives new looks into Gamindustri (for new people that is te world where it is basically set in)."
76561198079061265,Recommended,571530,33316087,Posted: 6 July,all,Ashcroft,"Pros:- Story (it's not best, but good enough to keep you entertained enough to play further),- Characters (always best part of Neptunia franchise - new SeHa Girls are great and at last we have Uzume and Plutie in the same game [too bad Goddesses other than Neptune and Nepgear are missing - but this just how plot goes]),- Graphic (not ""over the top"", but good as Vita port and fit into game design [bright and colorful]),- Stable 60 FPS even on 4 years old laptop,- New mechanics (sprinting, crawling, climbing - thanks to them, even if game using old assets, levels are more complicated both horizontally and vertically),Fighting system - both pro and con. I wasn't sure about that, because without combo system fights are less complicated (attack with just one button+skills), but ""Action Bar"" and possibility to attack few enemies in a one combo (on a whim or because first one died) helps a lot),Cons:- crashes (i'm saving a lot and it wasn't a big problem for me, but i had crashes once in a 1,5-2hrs which can be a little annoying)- Price/time ratio (game is little short for this price - with DLCs I got Platinum Trophy in 29hrs, part of time game was just on while i was out and I had to do New Game+ 2 additional times because mistake I made, overall I could get Platinum in 25 hrs or less).Overall - If you are Neptunia Fan - buy it; like anime-related games ? - wait for sale and buy it too (you don't have to know other Neptunia games to have fun)."
,Recommended,571530,32558217,Posted: 18 June,all,Neptune,Edit:So this is the 6th neptunia game i ever bought and so far it's pretty okay.Here is what i like and i don't like.Like:-Neptunia game ofc.-IF becoming a main character.-Game mechanics is a little different and pretty unique. (This makes me think more carefully what to do next)- The Crossover. It is amazing that they actually did it.- The Whole ordeal of changing history is amazing for me and it was one heck of a ride being IF as main protag.Dislike:-So far Segami's EN voice is kinda meh. I personally like most of the nep character's EN and JP voices but so far i didn't like Segami's.- I still see some reused dungeon.- I personally don't have problems with accepting mission to progress story but i have to go back to Histy and close and open to get another mission feels something is wrong.-Repetitive (well this is normal i guess).Problems encountered:- Whenever i go borderless it isn't borderless at all completely.- Lags when i go window while fullscreen doesn't.I highly recommend this 9/10.
,Recommended,571530,32373346,Posted: 12 June,all,Waldschatten,"What is this madness?A Neptunia game that I haven't run into a single bug or crash at launch?I was kinda disappointed about not getting into the beta, but whoever went bug hunting here seems to have done a good job, this is nowhere near the mess (they always fix it, unlike some developers/publishers, so I pick them up anyway) I have come to expect from IFI on day one.As to the game it kinda feels like a Neptunia game mixed in witha bit of Trillion, theunbeatable boss that you have to keep weakening while you strengthen you team to go back and fight it again and again.Seriously though, I used the spoiler tag, but does anyone not know what's going on here already?I know some people don't like it on Vita, but I found it to be entertaining, and it gets bonus points for IF finally getting a game even if she has to share it with Segami and the eggplant colored crap bike. Here on PC it's a good port, none of the typical launch issues encountered so far, and I'm enjoying it for a second time."
76561198065802178,Recommended,571530,32396096,Posted: 13 June,all,Model 0z74,"One of the Best out of all of the other Neptunia Spinoffs.I was Suprised when this was coming out on PC, i was gonna get it on vita but i hesitated on getting it, now ill get it because its an awesome game.i heard many stuff about the game on vita about how the game was awesome and which had all new systems added.for instance:Formation's: formations are like automatic placements for your characters, not like other games where you had a set amount of space on your side to put them where ever is more tactical. in this it has placements already within the game, and whats cooler then that is that there are heaps of different types of formations that add special effects and stat boosting polarity's like STR, VIT and all the other stat's even reduced SP and other cool ability's.The new Turn system is actully well Made Instead of 1 move and thats your turn, you can either attack 6 times individualy, jump then attack or just do 2 skill attacks, or when you have Fever You can do EXE Drive 4 TIMES!! xD, its really different and i like how this system was made. but the Fever Is Op if you do IF (Transformed) with the Gust of wind Skill. and EXE Drive.The Sega hard girls, ahh most proberly my favorite spinoff characters in the neptunia games. they have an actual position in the game and there not the type of characters to be thrown in the game then forgotton about shortly after finishing the game.The Girls Are: Sega Saturn, Sega Dreamcast, Game Gear, Mega Drive And Sega hatsumi (Segami).What also Suprised me more was that there are no bugs, normally there would be this annoying bug that crashes the game or makes it unplayable. but not this game, Kudos to the Bug Team.The most AWESOME thing in this game is that there is 95% Talking Dialogue there were only small times where they didnt talk but thats because of some of the script didnt need to be spoke about.10/10 (out of the spinoffs) loved the game had a thrill to actully have IF in my party, i never knew she had a Awesome EXE Drive secret power. if i knew that i would of used her in my party in the main games, well there is always next time am i right"
76561198289259954,Recommended,571530,32398729,Posted: 13 June,all,LazyNeppy,"The Neps are back!!!By far the best of the spin-offs so far, at least in my opinion.Pros:-JRPG mechanics are more in depth-Nep girls are back, cuter than ever-Story is better than expected for a spin off-Music is greatCons-As always, since it's a JRPG, it can become grindy-And repetitive-Sometimes the game caps at 30 FPS? Why the hell alt tabbing solves this?-Neutral-Almost no fan service, depends if you are into it or not-Only Neptune, Plutia, Nepgear, Uzume, Histy and Iffy appear. If you like only them, you won't care about this.-It is a JRPG, so many won't like it.So far, having a blast, even though it's a spin off. Can even be compared to the Re;Births. Totally recomend it to any Neptunia fan, and even to some JRPG lovers! Nep/10!"
,Recommended,571530,32591582,Posted: 20 June,all,Uni Uni Nii,"Time, Miss Segami?It's time to buy this game! It's time to buy it, okay? Do it! Where is your Steam Wallet!?The story can be complicated thanks to the time travel involved, but the great thing about time travel is that you can progress it however you want it to. The game offers a ton of ways to progress the story, and as you go, you have the option to go straight to the final boss ala Breath of the Wild. But, there's a time limit making you decide what missions matter more to you to finish within a given amount of time. Think Majora's Mask here, minus the creepy moon, and if you die, you just reset time.Time traveling also affects the various levels. In some eras, you may face a barricade or some different layouts, and while the levels are the same, exploring them is different as you'll be able to get to a place you never was able to get to. You may discover new treasure, or fight a boss.Both Neptunia girls and SEGA HARD GIRLS deliver some of the funny humour that pays tribute to both Nep and SEGA, though some are pretty serious, like Iffy and how she doesn't like her Nep bike. Still, it's funny to see all the crazy stuff they can do. Poor Nepu though, she does miss being a protagonist. Maybe Cyberdimension Neptunia could make her one again?Combat is simplified and streamlined, making it the easiest Neptunia game to get into. You can perform as many actions as you want as long as you monitor the action gauge, and Fever Mode skips all enemy turns allowing you to perform all sorts of all-out attacks to gain the unfair advantage.The art is also great, and so are the new music compositions. Of course, you'll hear the more familiar event tracks, but the new stuff is pretty good.I'll say this in the end, this game is worth your time. No puns intended. I promise your time won't be wasted, and you'll have a fun ride with it. Though if you're running out of time and you need to go, just put this on a GDP win."
76561198046239614,Recommended,571530,33162627,Posted: 2 July,all,Dreadful QB!,"Bart and Lisa meet Hebert and ElisaFirst and foremost... honesty. This game is clearly ""something to do while 4 Goddesses Online comes up."" On that regard, however, it is successful.There's a lot of things spinoffs can do for kicks, and definitely it's the first time I see a franchise do a crossover with its own wannabe... and knowing the logic (and lack thereof) of the Neptunia franchise, it makes almost perfect sense.Regarding the writing, you may be worried how original characters and wannabes would mesh... and yeah, the result is pretty much what you'd expect in that the SeHa girls indeed come off as total wannabes (Saturn, for starters, is a complete Noire ripoff, and Segami just kept rubbing me the wrong way, I found her grating).The game's basic premise (with as few spoilers as possible) is that it's FF-XIII writ small... verily, in fact this is probably the shortest game in the Neptunia franchise, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. The game was meant to be an appetizer for the incoming 4GO after all. Gameplay-wise, this game looks and feels like Sega's take on Neptunia: Engaging gameplay (the changes to the game mechanics are interesting, and keep things fresh) and lots of substance in a short package, just like arcades, which used to be Sega's main thing since the 80s. This game's zones are even smaller than those in your average Neptunia game, but they're twice as busy and they give you the feeling of good old platform games. Even the grinding is considerably more tolerable than prior Neptunia games, as this game included an extra to the   traditional switch where you auto-kill encounters on a symbol attack, now you can do that and still get XP/gold.The game adds a couple new tunes to the usual repertoire and, while not half as memorable as those Victory II added, new music is still a net gain. Voice acting-wise, personally I didn't like them putting Neptune on ritalin for this game (she feels consistently sedated), but I guess it was a necessary evil to keep her from upstaging IF in her own game.All in all, even if an appetizer, it's still a decent entry to the franchise. You may not want to pay full list price for it, but don't give it a second thought on next steam sale."
,Recommended,571530,32504503,Posted: 17 June,all,Yoshifury,"It's a good game and Im a neptunia fan too. I think this game is more like Visual Novel than the actual RPG but it doesn't matter, I still like this spin off"
76561198020798482,Recommended,571530,32547048,Posted: 18 June,all,Azerate,"Even though this is a spinoff, the gameplay is very similar to the main entries. It's not that much shorter too, 100%ing the game takes about 30-35 hours.Humour, great mechanics, lots of optional stuff, different endings. It's all here. A must have for any Neptunia fan and for any JRPG fan in general."
,Recommended,571530,32611328,Posted: 20 June,all,MAGES.,"Ok here is my review about this game I'll try keeping it shortSo this game is a spin-off of the original Neptunia games which as a Jrpg from Idea factory... But this time with a collaboration with the sega hard girls (which honestly, i didn't know who they were before this game)So is this game a must buy? Here are a few categoriesLength: 7/10 - For a neptunia spin-off game it felt quite long, because if you played other spin-offs you know how short the spin offs are, so this one was quite a nice change, (Inlcuding NG+ and unlockables)Graphics-7/10 (Oh boy oh boy) How do i even start this one? Well at least it's 1080p which is nice As for my overall opinion on the graphics i'd give it a 6/10 don't expect much graphics out of this coming out of a vita port, but yeah, at least it also runs at 60fps. 7/10 for the graphicsStory: 5/10 - If you play jrpgs for the story then this is not the game for you, this game focuses more on comedic story rather than a serious one. but if you know the neptunia series this type of story telling is to be expected.Gameplay: 8/10- I gave it an 8 because I didn't expect that much from a spinoff game's gameplay in the first place. The way the turns are handled are quite a fresh take from tradition turn based rpg style, since you can pretty much do more than one action in one turn as long as the meter is not full yet which allows for some more strategic thinking of your situation. And I think this was a nice addition to the gameplay. And with the new medal collecting added to the dungeons it gives the dungeons more reason to be explored isntead of the old games where your options were just collect a few items, grind, or do the event.Overall= 7/10 I enjoyed the game, but it still has it's flaws. regardless I enjoyed itPros:-Cute characters-Quite long for a Neptunia Spin-off (took me almost a week to finish it all not even started with ng+, altho this would vary from different players if they're rushing or jus playing it casually)-Mini histy is back! <3 So is Uzume.-Love the new way to explore dungeons (crawl and climb) which didn't make it feel repetitive and game more reason to explore the dungeon.-Has one of the best line's i've seen from a nep game. The jokes here mad me laugh from time to time, especially Neptune's line.Cons:-Recycled dungeons*cough virtua forest cough* even though they have added new dungeons, the old ones which have been present since re;birth 1 are still here-Recycled enemies: ^ same case as above-Lack of Voices from time to time whether it'd be english or japanese voices.-Weapons have same models no matter what, which is kinda disappointing in my opinion."
,Recommended,571530,33033104,Posted: 30 June,all,Fri3ndlyD3ath,6/10U can only set IF and Segami only to be leader.Well I only want IF but i also want to use plutia and this game just limit it to those 2 only.Not enough dungeon.As in different kind of dungeon and sometimes u can miss some collectibles because they reset the same dungeon over and over again.The level is capped to 99 which is quite low than the hyperdimension series.Only clothing and accesories have different skin but the other equipment just remain the sameI would recommend it but to those who love IF should be sad because there's no clothing for IF ;.;
,Recommended,571530,32493670,Posted: 16 June,all,tAyl0r sw1ft,Nep rides nep on this one
76561198124030456,Recommended,571530,32524673,Posted: 17 June,all,Havoc1,"Fun game. I just wish it would stop crashing. other than that, I love the new game"
,Recommended,571530,32399136,Posted: 13 June,all,Iffy,"As a spinoff of the Neptunia franchice, this game manages to give you a superior comedy that surpasses the re; birth's. Swear words will often be blurted by IF, the protagonist in this game, which makes a good comedic pair with Hatsumi Sega and Nepbike (Neptune). And if you are often annoyed by Neptune, well good for you because the duo Hatsumi and IF will be dissing Neptune, a LOT.Many people claim that the gameplay in this game is the worst in Neptunia franchise. However, in my personal belief, thenew mechanics in this game successfully deliver a good amount of time spent just exploring the map. Which of course, without a new mechanic called ""Dash"", I'm sure that exploration will be a tedious task because many of the maps in this game are just a copy paste with a few modifications. Hell, if it wasn't for 60 fps from my mid-tier graphics card, I wouldn't be writing this review. But I will admit there's some minor flaws into it. The camera sometimes spaz out whenever you try to look around when you hang on a rope, bacause the game forces you to get in the fixed angle they programmed. Dash is somewhat clunky, because you can't dash diagonally (Tips: to help you turning, use the camera for a better control), and sometimes it stops on its own occasionally. But, this is nothing but a minor flaw where it won't change anything for the game.What's cool in this game is that some areas might differ when you switch between eras, leading you to explore the different era to check out any differences. However, the collectibles that was in the same area stays at the exact same spot, so you will have to do another platforming (That usually is bull**** much like Megadimension's Nepsplunker [or whatever it called] where platforming IS a thing)Oh, and DLC's are just OP, so you might want to buy it to finish the game quickly."
76561198081049785,Recommended,571530,32604823,Posted: 20 June,all,Est,"I've managed to finish the game and with that, comes a new review! This time it is a crossover game between Hyperdimension Neptunia and Sega Hard Girls franchises. I'm a fan of Neptunia franchise, but before the game, I had no knowledge of Sega Hard Girls whatsoever.ProsNeptunia writing's wit is still there - it's as good as ever! I had many laughs with the story and the references! It was a joyful experience!New take on combat is refreshing and it worked - gems and jumping are cool new mechanics, and classes with formations also add a new layer of depth - positioning now matters somewhat more. It's still not a hard or complex game, but I liked playing with the new additions.I really liked design and voices of Sega Hard Girls. I especially liked co-lead of Segami! I wish she appeared again in some Neptunia game, but I doubt it's possible.Length wise-the game feels just right. WIth taking everything slow, it took me about less than 20 hours to unlock all of the endings. I omit the most grindy parts such as lily ranks.Graphic, given that it's just a vita port, is pretty nice. In addition Hand Drawn characters in the dialogue scenes look as good as usual in Neptunia series!ConsThe game lacks any resemblance of serious story. It's very bare-bones, and focused mostly on a comedy. It also has the most bland villain in Neptunia Series - it lacks more personality than even CFW Arfoire from Re;birth 2. It makes more serious themes of the story a complete miss.In the theme of story, most of the characters outside of protagonists had very little time to develop personality. I have only vaguely an idea how main Sega Hard Girls are after 2 playthroughs. While they were fun in the story for what they were, they were also pretty forgettable.The game has many problems with good experience design. For examples:-The tutorial does extremely poor job of giving proper information. It's very easy to miss the fact that rush jump makes character jumphigherthan normal jump.-In statistics you can see the crown near dungeon if you collected all medals, but there is no such information for collectable baseballs - it was only a matter of adding one more image near dungeons in the log.-There is no clear information that certain simple actions such as talking to chirpers makes dungeons irreversibly change, thus making some collectibles and achievements unobtainable in a given playthrough-You need to make an annoying run in the library tutorial map every time to pick up new item which sometimes appears there. You also need to go there once for a certain event - and it's not communicated properly! I only found it out after checking on the internet.Some classes are unlocked so late in the gameplay it's unfeasible to grind them from level 1 all over again.Sega Hard Girls characters lack any customisation with costumes etcThis is the worst OST I've heard in Neptunia Series. I found none of the new tracks enjoyable. I especially disliked new battle themes. Map themes with one exception aren't too pleasant either. It is the most negative surprise for me - usually I loved sound design in the series.Crashes happen. I had two - once it crashed after half an hour grinding session without saving...If I had to give number score to the game, it would be6.5/10. I had a lot of fun with the game, and especially for the discounted price it was well worth it, on the other hand I just can't look past the unenjoyable music and some of the bad, frustrating design chocies of the game. This game needed some QoL additions,some smarter pacing with unlocks of new classes, and better music. Then it would be a solid8for me. I recommend it, especially if you enjoyed some other neptunia titles! Otherwise it might be a little bit confusing at times, but I think it's mostly a self-contained experience."
,Recommended,571530,32583360,Posted: 19 June,all,Kimion,"「Yea you both get to ride me at the same time.」「Oh, boy, people are gonna screenshot the crap out of that last frame.」If that's not entertainment, i don't know what is XD"
76561198044341351,Recommended,571530,33750017,Posted: 23 July,all,Rhindle,"I'll preface this by saying that I wasn't remotely aware of either franchise prior to purchasing this game, i'd just told myself if I ever clicked on a game with anime graphics that wasn't a visual novel i'd buy it, so I did.Overall I enjoyed the game, enough to go back in for a different ending, but it isn't without its issues. Difficulty scaling is an odd thing in this game and veteran RPG gamers especially of older titles should feel right at home; that is to say this game either holds your hand or drops you on your head. I didn't take any damage at all in my first 5-6 hours of play against world enemies, but got my head handed to me on a platter more than once by boss fights. Grinding is a necessity but since the game is aesthetically pleasing at least you have something to look at while doing so.The time travel mechanic is hit and miss. It makes the story interesting but causes its own issues, namely the accidental ability to do quests out of order and throw the story into kind of a mess. At a few points the game breaks the 4th wall and makes light of this but I feel like there should have been some kind of protection in place to prevent it.Speaking of the story, I found most of it weak, as if it was uncertain as to where it wanted to go, and it then it was topped of by one of the most matter of fact cheap endings I think i've experienced in recent times.I consider my review to be truly mixed. I don't know anything about either franchise as i've stated, so my review is based on the gameplay and story as a standalone experience. If you're a fan of non-threatening RPGs with light hearted stories that don't require a lot of thought or effort in class building and spending stats then this might be for you, if you want a deep, layered story and complex gameplay mechanics look elsewhere."
,Recommended,571530,33474412,Posted: 12 July,all,Monaka,"This game is pretty much Hyperdimension Neptunia Re;birth4 with even more Sega homages than usual.I recommend picking it up if you're a fan of Neptunia in general or are a big Sega fan like myself.If you've played a Neptunia title on the PS3 or just got into it with the remakes on the Vita/PC then you know what you're getting yourself into however I really think the games constant reuse of assets really harm this game in particular since the Sega homages only amout to characters and bits of dialouge here and there like the Sega Genesis being a distant relative of Mega Drive herself. The game could have benefitted from Sega themed dungeons like a Streets of Rage themed dungeon or something futurtistic like a homage to Phantasy Star Online but instead we are given the bland boring dungeons that have been in the series since Mk.2 like Virtua Forest, the cave level and that horrible warehouse level that looks out of place in a vibrant world such as Gameindustri. Other than that the combat is okay, it's a watered down Victory but there's some neat things like the powerups you can pick up in battle, not really much to say.The new features added to dungeons are welcome but they really don't add anything and feel tacked on for the sake of hiding how rehashed these dungeons are...like the door in the warehouse level being slightly open so Segami or IF can climb through, very exciting. There's even ropes to traverse bottomless pits but there's no way to fall down to your death making you wonder why even add it in the first place?As for the localization, a lot of people agree Re;birth1 was perfect and after that game the quality dropped when the infamous Nick Doerr got a hold of it. The very same guy who worked on the original's when they were published by Nisa. He doesn't localize this title but the characters dialouge has some obvious added sass and they all come across as really ♥♥♥♥♥y to each other. It's subjective if you like these changes or not but it makes some characters feel really out of character.I recommend it but really wish there was a ""mixed"" option I'd be down for a sequel with the Sega Hard Girls again.As a side note, watch Hi☆sCoool! SeHa Girls."
,Recommended,571530,34509268,Posted: 26 August,all,lolfoollor,"Superdimension Neptune VS Sega Hard Girls, straight up is in my opinion one of the better spin off games of Neptunia series. After playing this game till max achievement, I felt that this game is perhaps too short and could have been better game designs and story lines. However, people must know that it is a spin off series and making a story too deep might not go well with new players or hardcore players who may find the story accurate to the main story line. I would recommend this game to people as what a regular neptunia series is. Basically, it is packed with humourous jokes whether you listen to the JP or the ENG version. *The ENG subtitles are not always translation of the JP Version. This is to make jokes that english audience can make a referance to or understand them*. While it is always ( or not depens on how you play the game) pain in the butt to collect (grind)  all the achievement ( Medal, Baseball, Delphinus and Lily Ranks), it is still enjoyable to play the game. ( As long as you don't skip every conversation.) I would recommend people to play this game."
,Not Recommended,571530,32371137,Posted: 12 June,all,Hentsi,"no frame limiter included. feels like i'm playing sonicidea factory you really want to♥♥♥♥♥♥off your customers by delivering bad ports, don't you?"
76561198073088368,Recommended,571530,32477173,Posted: 16 June,all,The Silent One,I just finished this game a few minutes ago and after putting in a total of 21 hours for a game that is mostly a spin-off is extremely fun to play through. If you are a fan of the Hyperdimension Neptunia series this game or looking for an excellent JRPG game to play through then you should pick up this game.
,Recommended,571530,33599508,Posted: 16 July,all,Nowa,"9/10 One of the most engaging Neptunia title which I wish more people had picked up.Whether or not you're following the Neptunia series closely, or just a passerby that never heard of the franchise, I really recommend picking up this game!GAMPLAYFirst of all, there is a great balance in both gameplay and story.  The creators achieved this by overhauling the battle system with intricate, yet simple to learn, effects and limits.  For example, using items, skills, normal attacks, and (new) charged attacks had different effects on how much you had to wait on your next turn.  And if it wasn't enough, a class system was implemented!  While I wasn't hoping to micromanage in a Neptunia game, I found the incredible variety in attainable passive/active skills very pleasing and involving.  Don't let the amount of skills fool you, every single one, besides the upgraded versions, can really change how you fight monsters.  Not only was combat affected, but the way you explored the areas was revisioned and overhauled aswell.  They added running to reach places fast, and although character limited, added some very well animated sprinting aswell as other functions and animations for climbing and crawling,... yes, crawling. Expect some of those unwelcomed, but nifty angles.CHARACTERS (+some story)Iffy's debut as the protag of this title, when combined with the side-protag, Segami, made for a suprisingly hilarious, but incredibly sassy adventure.  The goddesses from other titles, including Uzume, Plutie, Nepgear, and Neptune all stood out and were a gread addition to the hilarity throughout the story. Unfortunately, I didn't get the same feeling from the Sega characters. (EDIT) I watched the anime a month after I made this review, and I highly reccomend you give it a watch too.  It's on crunchyroll by the name ""Hi-sCool! Seha Girls"" and has semi-short episodes.  During my first playthrough, besides Segami, their personalities barely stood out, but I'm sure it wouldn't been different had I watched the anime beforehand. I myself wasn't a gamer during the sega console period, but if you were, you'll find numerous pleasing references to their specs, colors, other things.STORY (no spoilers, rest easy)The story itself doesn't go in depth when it came to some of the major occurences that occur, and in retrospect, is quite simple, but as the saying goes: ""It's not about the destination.  It's about the journey to get there.""  I found the journey to be a fun blast and surprising at times, and I'm sure you will too.  The plot deals with fast travel, altering time, and does an awful job at explaining how things work and can be changed, but like most Neptunia games, it's all for creating a journey to remember.  The game seperates the story into 4 arcs/eras which you can do in any order, so if you enjoy a set of characters more, than you can visit them more often.  Just know that advancing one arc alot more than the others will present you with tough/almost-impossible-to-beat bosses.This game was so much fun to play, I'm glad I went out of my way to play this gem!(If you have been convinced into buying the game, keep reading, I've got some spoiler-free tips I had to google/wish I knew beforehand)-A couple hours into the game, you'll see that some of your quests have a number that decreases as you complete other quests.  Don't worry about it, if you miss quests you'll get them later sooner than you think.-There is no order in which you finish the different story eras, but I highly recommend leaving the sega saturn era for last.  You get access to a very powerfull boss early on, and you need to have played the game alot more to beat it and advance."
76561198099170517,Recommended,571530,32571228,Posted: 19 June,all,Fate / Ruler,"My life is simple, I see Nep, I buy."
,Recommended,571530,33608479,Posted: 17 July,all,Workers,"another great neptunia game, but game crashing after 1-2 hours"
76561198075644201,Recommended,571530,32970416,Posted: 28 June,all,xX_L00t_Xx,7.8/10 Not Enough Neps! -IGN
76561198065560688,Recommended,571530,32823489,Posted: 26 June,all,A Man who Land a wild,"I not even finish the game...But I like Plutia , so I recommend."
76561198148880303,Recommended,571530,33191509,Posted: 3 July,all,Sadie Senpai,Fun Nep game.
76561198365521690,Recommended,571530,32860031,Posted: 27 June,all,fireleaf,a very good nep game love it
,Recommended,571530,32567398,Posted: 19 June,all,Neam123a,I Feel Like I'm Playing Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 as Time Tatroller XD
,Recommended,571530,32403385,Posted: 13 June,all,Only Wonders,This could be one of the best nepture spin off story.New nepture game is amazing so many new features.wall climbingrope movementdash & dash jumpcrawlingAdditional class for IF and Segami(not sure if everyone)No crashes encounter yet60fpsGood musicNew charactersOverall ill give it a 10 for now since i havent encounter bad stuff like game crashingPudding <3
76561198039812852,Recommended,571530,32416472,Posted: 14 June,all,Amivo,"Played : 4.2 hoursI already played a bit, and i'm loving it so far!The combat system changed a little bit, but it's better than the usual combat system in my opinion.So if you like the regular neptunia games, you'll certainly gonna love this one.Also thumbs up for Uzume being playable in this game!  (＾∇＾)"
76561198313317686,Recommended,571530,32415173,Posted: 14 June,all,❤Mr.Black❤,First When I Saw That This  Game will be Come to Steam I Was Pretty Confused.Yesterday was pretty annoying day because i need 5 euros that i can buy this game.Today In Morning I bought it And then I'we been playing it about 3 hours now and what i can say damn this game is cool.Battle Attack's are nice.Also This Not Look at spinnoff game because this game has story that other spinnoff doesn't have.This Game Running like smooth butterfly.Very Good Game I Like It Very Much.5\5But it's cost too much.
,Recommended,571530,32794180,Posted: 25 June,all,Hollow Devil ▄︻̷̿┻̿═,love this game
,Recommended,571530,34646812,Posted: 31 August,all,HOLYONE,good spin off
76561197997378672,Recommended,571530,32668001,Posted: 22 June,all,Suzie Quatro,Iffy is my waifu so of course this is the best Nep Spinoff.
,Recommended,571530,33896248,Posted: 29 July,all,Oruks,"Good game but, glitchy."
76561198403913426,Recommended,571530,33853375,Posted: 28 July,all,Yakusoku Hikari [™۞],"Nice combat and BGM. If you are fans of Neptunia series and Iffy, then you should try this."
76561198089933978,Recommended,571530,35005104,Posted: 16 September,all,Plutie,Another awesome hyperdimension game. with Iffy being our main protag. :) give it a go!
76561198153040618,Recommended,571530,32636001,Posted: 22 June,all,moshuku,i haven't beaten it yet but so far it's really fun
,Recommended,571530,35112529,Posted: 21 September,all,JimmyHedgehog,"This game combines the beloved Neptunia charm/action with SEGA's ownofficialpersonifications of their hardware. Are you a fan of the Neptunia franchise? If so this game is definitely worth a look right off the bat, and the Sega Hard Girls fit right into the mix in both design and personality. It straight away differs from the other spinoffs in that, for the most part, the gameplay is similar to the Re;Birth titles. You have your dungeon exploring, enemy encounters, going to event spots and combat which while having a similar visual style as normal, has some differences.With the dungeons, there are two main differences to speak about from Re;Birth. Places you can climb or hang on, and a feature I hope comes back,the ability to dash in dungeons. As for combat, it makes used of an action bar rather than just having 1 action per turn, which mixes things up. There's also a ""Fever"" system, which when filled/activated keeps your turns coming without interruption until it runs out. The story is progressed via completing missions, though some are basically just to trigger a progression point since you can effectively play the segments in whatever order you wish.What with the gameplay being so similar to the Re;Birth titles, I can definitely recommend this if you enjoyed those and want more of the same gameplay style. As for the story, there's plenty of the humour and character interaction that Neptunia as a series brings, though it solely focusses on characters based in Planeptune, so you won't see Noire or the other Goddesses. Being a spinoff it's a bit on the shorter side than the main titles, but still plenty of JRPG hours to dig into, especially if you're going for 100%, and the soundtrack is great as always."
76561198080536732,Recommended,571530,32384900,Posted: 13 June,all,Freezy Pop,"Can run at 144fps, no graphics options (isn't as CPU intensive as last game other than the cutscenes), HOWEVER; I feel the movements in the game are very similar to Megadimension VII's nepunker dungeon, minus the rage from deaths. You can get around dungeons a lot faster though! Would I reccommend? Yes. Pantsu? Yes."
76561198087137569,Recommended,571530,33003743,Posted: 29 June,all,Tommy v2,"One of the better Neptunia games. Way, way better Than V-II since that game had the worst characters ever. A treat for Sega fans.The good: Funny. IF is a good protag, and Segami isn't annoying. Neptune is hilarious as always. Plutia returns! Awesome. More mechanics such as jumping and climbing. The Dreamcast CPU character hits HARD. Great voice acting.The bad: Resused levels, reused music, seeing the same stuff you've been seeing for years OVER and OVER. The budget on this game must be a roll of yen at most.The ugly: The Sega Saturn Reply boss fight will put hair on your chest. It's *that* hard. It'll smash your face until it looks like pudding. Until it looks like an eggplant.Overall... good. As insane as it sounds... the original Neptunia on PS3 is still the highlight of the series, despite how obtuse and painful it is to play. That one felt like someone was making the game they *wanted* instead of what was in the budget."
,Recommended,571530,33874670,Posted: 29 July,all,FrostBlade,Love it got all the DLC too.
,Recommended,571530,33121296,Posted: 2 July,all,just a recruit.,bwahahahahahahahaahahahaha
,Recommended,571530,32401973,Posted: 13 June,all,マホ~,2 Girls ride nep
76561198111003032,Not Recommended,571530,34970779,Posted: 15 September,all,吸血鬼,"Worst game of the series.Minuses:Plot;Boring and useless characters;Gameplay (no mana regeneration, same locations AGAIN, same monsters AGAIN, no ♥♥♥♥ing skill variety, useless class system);Dialogues...not bad, but not reach the original games.Plusses:♥♥♥♥ing not.Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Replay original games."
76561198145481460,Recommended,571530,32398881,Posted: 13 June,all,[Youkoso].Suzune Horikita,IF is the main Character!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,571530,32385669,Posted: 13 June,all,ammooo,"You can climb, crawl, rope traversing, dash jumping, destroy obstacles, collect coins, and return baseballs to their owners. Very good upgrades from usual neptune games."
76561198075572765,Recommended,571530,32394398,Posted: 13 June,all,Deadful Melody,Iam never dissappointed in this franchise it just gets better everytime cant wait for their next game Peace:)
76561198268234988,Recommended,571530,32389706,Posted: 13 June,all,Toshinou,"Plays just like the mainline titles, which is good news, for players who don't use gamepads/controllers.Personally i had problems playing ""U"" or ""Blanc"" with keyboard.But this one is perfectly fine."
76561198062654025,Recommended,571530,32519772,Posted: 17 June,all,Ri,It's kinda like autistic child of Majora's Mask and Chrono Trigger.
,Recommended,571530,32412896,Posted: 14 June,all,Udonkaize07,Nep becomes an eggplant colour bike and 2 girls riding her to time travel.Best spin-off i've ever experienced in nep series.
,Not Recommended,571530,32439794,Posted: 15 June,all,KRDiStort,"While Neptune and the CPUs are still their same lovable selves, and the Sega Hard Girls make for some enjoyable foils, gameplay wise, this one is kind of a mess.My primary problem is that of level pacing; sometimes, the enemies in one dungeon have three times the strength of the enemies in the one before it, while other times they're three times as weak. There's no rhyme or reason to the level progression, which makes it really frustrating when I get up to a boss and can't determine how strong I need to be from the enemies in their dungeon.Most of the other features, like the timed mission structure or the ability to climb on walls, don't really contribute anything meaningful, especially since, not too far into the game, you get the ability to bring back expired missions with little to no consequence.My love for all things Neptune will force me to finish this game, but for everyone else, I can only recommend it to the most die-hard fans, and even then, it'd need to be at a much bigger sale than it is now.(Please read my full reviewhere.)"
,Recommended,571530,32379996,Posted: 12 June,all,Scruffeno,I've never even played an hour yet but I still love everything about this since IF is the protag :D
76561198173792979,Recommended,571530,32387713,Posted: 13 June,all,Seluto,This Neptunia Game is really really really really wonderful because other Neptunia game has framerate limit at 60fps but this Neptunia title dosen't have so the game run really really smoothly because i can get up tp 126fps so that GREAT!!!!
76561198094253076,Recommended,571530,32382365,Posted: 13 June,all,Chino Kafuu,Doctor Who anyone? Well I got to admit the battle system is 100% more interesting than the other nep games
,Not Recommended,571530,33122401,Posted: 2 July,all,Zapix,"Does not properly scale on a 21:9 monitor and thus the top and bottom are severely cropped. Black bars on the sides of the screen would be fine, but this and several other IF games function this way. This problem also occurs with Monster Monpiece, Neptunia ReBirth 1, ReBirth2, Re;Birth3.These games are UNPLAYABLE in this state.Reported the problem to IF 6/13/17, they are aware of the issue.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=961936471Screenshot from my 21:9 monitorhttp://imgur.com/Wx1SZBHScreenshot from a 16:9 monitorhttp://imgur.com/S90ok53"
76561198000631364,Recommended,571530,32373096,Posted: 12 June,all,SteelLink HighBlade,this is amazing when its on pc this is one of the best games that i played so far i recommend this to anyone
,Recommended,571530,32424349,Posted: 14 June,all,Gunnest663,"Best game, pl0x buy"
76561198120439993,Recommended,571530,32371072,Posted: 12 June,all,yukkosama,iF Ur a Fan!!! Just BUY IT!!!! :D
,Recommended,571530,32460728,Posted: 15 June,all,Bozodo,"A nice little Neptunia spin-off with cute Sega mascots and some revised gameplay mechanics. The game is relatively short as it took me about 12 hours to achieve one ending.The story was enjoyable and the gameplay lightweight, just a little game to hold you over until the next main installement."
,Recommended,571530,32439801,Posted: 15 June,all,Nepsi,"I own the PS Vita version of this game and now on PC, whilst Histoire looked great on my Vita, I can't feel happy that Histoire's sprite is 720p whilst literally everyone else is 1080pGame is good though, I love time travel games"
76561198059474957,Recommended,571530,33078024,Posted: 1 July,all,Kirina Yuuki,Definitely the best spin-off they made up to date. Although i would prefer a much better dialog and story option for Uzume and Sega Dreamcast... (Waiting for Cyberdimension Neptunia)
76561198297038039,Recommended,571530,32966559,Posted: 28 June,all,Lady White Heart {Blanc},"I got to the point where nep said:Dang, Histy! Back at it again with the speculations.If you love nep games buy it while its on sale."
,Recommended,571530,32652133,Posted: 22 June,all,Nepgear,"If you're a hardcore Neptunia fan, you'll love this. Not to turn off newcomers, but I would recommend Megadimension as a first game."
,Recommended,571530,32837351,Posted: 26 June,all,_Alek_Therien_,"This game with the DLC is definitely worth getting and 100% completing. Honestly, the massive amounts of positive reviews clearly show this game's worth. Sure you can defeat the final boss on the first encounter to get the bad end (there are a total of three endings) UNLESS you seriously hate yourself and grind up to above level 80. The story is entertaining, characters are wonderful, and enemies that you won't always kill easily in the lowest difficulty with or without the DLC. The items you get in the DLC can last you a pretty long way, but can get overshadowed by better gear (ultimate equipment are called ultimate for a reason).PROS- Sega Hard Girls have plenty of references beyond the obvious fashion (the second mc's last name, Hatsumi, is a combination of Miku Hatsune. ""Hatsu"" referring to ""Hatsune"" and ""Mi"" referring to ""Miku"").- IF's EXE Drive- IF's dialogue- Certain dungeons make grinding much easier to doCONS- None so far."
76561198352132517,Recommended,571530,32920532,Posted: 28 June,all,Sakuraの小怪兽,"这个游戏突然不能用手柄了，ps4和xbox one的都用不了，然后ps4手柄画面一直旋转。The game was suddenly out of hand, neither PS4 nor Xbox one could be used, and then the PS4 handle was rotated."
,Recommended,571530,32993152,Posted: 29 June,all,Tendou Karen,for Nep fans and our IF is main character !
76561198049694951,Recommended,571530,33001142,Posted: 29 June,all,Balrog,.
,Recommended,571530,33123027,Posted: 2 July,all,AvEcErDaNcEr,"Is this is the era where the girls from 2 different era merge together? if it is, then this is the game for it"
76561198047115423,Recommended,571530,33119155,Posted: 2 July,all,Ethel,If you Purchase the Deluxe set ore eaven all the DLC then the game wont take you all that long to finish bit it is still one of my favrouite neptunia games. (I have beaten the game in 11Hours Due To DLC)
