user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,572410,31910739,Posted: 22 May,all,seventeen angry pugs,This game accurately evokes the historical feel of German commanders having very good tanks die in exceptionally stupid ways.
76561198019641199,Recommended,572410,31916424,Posted: 23 May,all,IDLH,"This game is simply outstanding.  I've already racked up about 25 hours of gameplay and it hasn't even properly released yet.If you enjoy strategy games where everyone starts off on the same level and the outcome is solely decided by your actions on the battlefield then this is the game for you.  If you want to feel conflicted about whether you should commit your reserve troops to the front lines or try to shoot through the gap, flank the enemy, and completely change the course of the entire battle... this is the game for you.  If you want to watch your best laid plans crumble, reform, crumble again, reform, succeed, gain some ground, lose it again... you get the idea.  This is the game for you.I've seen some comments and reviews discussing how some people don't like certain aspects of the game.  How some units are ""OP"" and the morale system is ridiculous because ""my infantry squads shouldn't be instantly suppressed by a machine gunner"".  Well, some units in real life were ""OP"" and the opposing forces just had to find a way around or through them.  As for getting pinned by a machine gun, you have a .50 cal round snap past your head and then tell me what you would do.  It is the management of these things, along with numerous others, that make Steel Division so great.  I'm going to be playing this one for a long time and I look forward to what the devs do with it in the future.Tl;dr - This game is fantastic and it hasn't even released yet."
76561198045164841,Recommended,572410,32140331,Posted: 2 June,all,Sir Nuno,"Very quickly, for those who would rather be World War Two'ing here's the deal about Steel Division: it's a strange melting pot of other well know and lesser know strategy games. The fast paced action, infantry focused combat and clean UI of Company of Heroes. The morale system a la Close Combat and the accurate historical use of WW2 hedgerow tactics that you can find in Combat Mission: Normandy. The unit variety, deck building, air support and logistics systems are imported directly from their previous Wargame series. Overall this is a must have RTS for anyone that enjoys a good fight at the tactical challenge hedgerow hell that was the Normandy countryside. For those that fancy quite an extensive reading keep going.DISCLAIMER- This is not a review, this is a critique of the various aspects of the game so it contains very personal views, take that in mind if you decide to read.SCALE OF BATTLE- This! this is where Steel Division stands out the most from the titles I fore mentioned. While those focus either on a small skirmish-like engagement, I.e. Taking a small town or farm, a bridge, the fight over a hill or a small ambush, In Steel Division this is all taking place at once in a single map and you get a real sense of scale and place in a battle. In the right side of the map a tank battle is raging in an open field, to your left your allied infantry and anti tank guns are defending the crossroads entrenched in the houses and corners of the streets, making the most use of the crumbling ruins around them. Your division scouts slowly advance to spot enemy positions so you can mortar them while your tanks charge forth raining a hail of lead, surpressing them, making an openning for your infantry to take the drop. This is a sense of scale I personally never saw on a tactical level game, not even in a Total War game. This leads me to discuss:THE MAPS- As an amateur historian, nothing is more satisfying than to see History come to life in a videogame. Steel Division makes use of actual air reconnaissance maps used during the Allied invasion of France. This means that all of the hills, fields, hedgerows, roads, houses and farms might be the places where real people made History happen, they actually fought, lived, killed and die in those places, making even the smallest of skirmish feel so autentic and plausible, but most important, the realism of the maps and positions are what drives the player to employ real world war 2 tactics, and it all comes natural to you, even if you are not familiar with them. Besides, the amount of maps is pretty large at launch, accounting 15 in total. What I personally find really cool is that each section of the map feels like a map of it's own, with it's specific locations, roads, strong and weak points. If you are a military history enthusiast you will imediately know where to strike, defend, which points to hold or conceide, how to move your troops, what roads are usefull and which are dangerous, where to position each and every single one of your units to the most of their advantages. But of course, the maps are not enough if the engagements are bad. Fortunately, Steel Division is excelling at making hedge row fighting slog pretty damn interesting and intense.THE FIREFIGHTS- A fight in Steel Division might not be a battle to the death, you may just want the enemy to dislodge that posisition, to retreat and fall back to a less defensible one where you can then pound them with artillery and air strikes, and that is fine. What is pretty damn amazing about this game is that fights just don't randomly occur on the battlefield for no reason whatsoever like: “well, I guess my units where there for some reason and so were the enemies so we duked it out”. No, they give you a feeling that you are fighing for a specific point in the map that could change the outcome of the battle itself. This creates a huge amount of opportunities for emergent story telling, that time you fought for the town that controlled the crossroads that were key for that part of the map. That one time you stood your ground against overwhelming enemy forces while ambushing them in the road alongside the forest line. Those one time “hero units” are borned in an anvil of fire and blood, like that anti tank crew that kept on fighing the enemy onslaught of tanks until it ran out of ammunition. The fights feel deep and yet really cinematic, it's like watching the bigger picture around Saving Private Ryan, while also being able to zoom into a specific part of the map and see a small company of heroes (pun intended) holding that bridge until you are able to get them some help. It's pretty damn fantasctic. What contributes the most to this somewhat realistic engagement feeling is the morale system which seems to be somewhat inspired by the Close Combat series. Units don't necessarily fight to the death even if you command them to they are not robots. Units will be surpressed, pinned down, they will retreat if they're under a lot of stress or if they feel overwhelm they might even surrender to the enemy. This means that paying close attention to the position of your units and the engagements they are in envolves a lot of small micro management, fights tend to last for quite a while so you still have time for reaction, unless you really get caught off guard, which for the most part shouldn't be happening. This leads to elongated fire fights, with stress meters going up and down, it's trully tense. And those will give you a hint of how a fight will go, is your stress bar going up really fast and the enemy isn't? Maybe you are under artillery fire, or another eemy unit is nearby firing at your own. Maybe it just got shot by a tank. It's a really nice system that allows you to sort of predict if you should really be fighing they way you are and gives you some hints at what you may be doing wrong. It also gives your units a very humane feeling to them. Overall the firefights are what you expect World War 2 french countryside fights to be like.THE DIVISIONS- While personally I haven't had much time trying to get my way around the different divisions in the game, from what I have read most divisions trully have a different feeling from each other. And as soon as you get aquaintenced to one of them, changing to a different one is a trully hard task. Each division has a unique ticket system for each of the game's phases and usually focuses around one specific strenght. The game has 18 divisions from six different countries. Unit count is pretty damn impressive too, going around 400 different units, which will give you plenty of room to tinker and find out how to trully explore your favorite and unique playstyle. I play with the 101st and usually my strat revolves around pinning down the enemy to pound him with my superior airforce and to rain down shell after shell using my artillery, following that up with swift infantry movement to capture and consolidade positions.To put my final thoughts in paper, Steel Division is a rare gem in today's strategy market genre, where innovation is not sinonymous with new players comming in but older ones going out. Keeping that in mind, the folks at Eugen opted to work with a familiar design, using the framework of their Wargame series and with the World War 2 setting of RUSE, but with a twist to approach. What RUSE had in scale, lacked in depth, Steel Division (as of right now) goes for tactical depth instead of scale. But given Paradox approach to DLC i'm pretty sure it won't be long until we see a Steel Division: Stalingrad, Steel Division: Ardennes, Steel Division: El Alamein, Steel Division: Battle of France, Steel Division: pretty much any world war 2 battle you can imagine. The groundwork for future DLC is clearly laid out with Normandy '44. And I'm hopefully this happens, the game can stand on it's own two feet but it's also an amazing ground work for future improvements and scenarios. Good job, EUGEN."
,Recommended,572410,32011634,Posted: 27 May,all,Twitch.tv/N1lesTwitch,"This is a very cool game, very hard but very fun. It has some cons though. Remember that this is based upon my prefered playstyle.Pros:-Advanced system. Hard to master which imo makes it more fun-Realistic, you wont be able to smash trough infantry with a tank unless you get support. You need to plan your strategy.-Create your army before the battle begins. You have a limited slots of units you can put in your army group, and you have to choose carefully.-All units have a purpose, and no unit is overpowered.Cons:-Way too stressful, it is not a strategy game where you can form strategies and play in your own pace.-Too fast, the front line constantly moves. I'd much prefer to create a strategy and battleplan and then watch the battle unfold and then make adjustments. (Like frontlines in HOI4, for example).-Lack of defensive playstyles and missions. Almost all missions are both teams running towards eachother trying to capture points. Having missions where you need to defend would also be fun.-Lack of mod options. Especially the option to create levels / maps.-The campaign lacks cinematics and a change of scenery. Basically the variety is bad in the campaign. And it's pretty short.-Graphics could be much better. Although it's not really important. But when shelling a forest / house with 5 artillery pieces you'd expect to see some damage for example."
76561198046762799,Recommended,572410,34285891,Posted: 16 August,all,Nagov,"This game has gotten a lot of flack that has little to do with the actual game itself in my opinion. This is by far my favorite Eugen game to date, and also an excellent spiritual successor for the close combat series. If you want a modern game of ""close combat"" this is your game.  A lot of my gripes with the war game series were fixed in Steel Division. The detractors tend to fall into two camps.1. Lack of player base. This is a valid reason, but it is not a knock against the game itself. This has the ability to become a cult classic or if it gets the right exposure, it can really grow. Honestly, this game fulfills so many wants in a realistic Company/Battalion level tactical game that I am some what baffled by how small the player base is. I have my theories however, which I will explain with point 2.2. Unhappy ""War Game"" crowd. Eugen made the popular war game series. It is a great game in a lot of ways. I also had issues with the game that created a lot of tactical and strategic ""game-isms"". Don't mis-interpret what I am saying. There is some game-ism's in Steel Division too (or any ""game"" for that matter. No game, no matter how realistic, is going to show the realism of being dog tired by humping that ruck on a long patrol to an ORP, to then conduct a raid on an enemy position.) But the gameisms in Steel Division affect individual units rather then an entire strategy that would have no actual basis in reality. (CV sniping is the most glaring example.)Almost all of the negative reviews (not all) for Steel Division have come from someone expressing their dislike that this game is not ""War Game: WW2"". It is slower paced. Units in general are not as easily replaced. Vehicles are slower, and less frequent, thus making them more valuable. Since it is slower, you can't expect to just keep throwing guys into the meet grinder and expect to brute force your way through. They will get pinned and fall back. Don't let the fact that those in the war game crowd are not happy they did not get a new version of War Game steer you away from what is an excellent ww2 company/battalion level game. For you Grognards, this is the closest you are going to get to a computerized version of your old Squad Leader board games."
,Recommended,572410,30991354,Posted: 6 April,all,Psiborg,"*NOTE: This is an early first impression based off only 7 hours of beta gameplay. Also, for reference, I have 1000+ hours in Company of Heroes and other RTS games but have not played earlier Eugen titles like Wargame: Red Dragon. (However, after my positive experience with this game, I may have to change that!)First and foremost, the game is a lot of fun! It's nice to see the designers innovate and move the RTS formula forward without breaking the key mechanics that define the genre. They've walked a nice line here in both design and complexity. TheirStressmechanic for example is a clever way of rolling unit health, moral & suppression into a single metric and works very well.The pre-game customized army/deck building and initial deployment is a nice alternative to the the traditional RTS base building. It's easy to examine the stats/abilities of the different units and fun to agonize over which ones will suite your tactics the best. Deployment feels like an additional 4th ""phase"" of the game in addition to the well defined (10 mins apart) A (early), B (mid) and C (late) game phases.The scale of the game seems particularly well suited to Eugen's game engine. WithCompany of Heroes, you're playing on a very small scale that requires unrealistically short weapon ranges. Similarly modern titles (perhaps likeWargame: Red Dragon) with long range missles, etc. can suffer a similar problem where the map is just too small for realistic engagement distances. However, the more limited WW2 era technology is well matched to the scale of the maps (made from real WW2 recon photography) which just adds the feeling of authenticity.While the pace is less frantic than some other RTS titles, you stay busy - just concentrating on different things. Rather than flash decisions and CPM, you have more time to spend scouting, planning and angling to maximize line of sight for example. While the staple rock, paper, scissors mechanic is still there, N44 feels more like a game of cat and mouse and that is another welcome change.Even after such a short introduction, I'm very comfortable recommending it and really looking forward to learning about the rest of the divisions/maps and developing tactics. I'm also looking forward to the single player campaigns. I usually skip them for RTS games and stick to multiplayer. But, I could see this pace/style being much more suited to it.EDIT: One more thing that is worth mentioning is the visible front line mechanic as there seems to be quite a bit of controversy with some loving it and some hating it. I'm loving it! It is a great gamified way to visually portray the flow of battle that you might get from listening or tips from local resistance for example. It's also very WW2-esque which adds to the flavour. For those wondering: Yes, it can be turned off; and yes, there are units which don't influence it and can ""hide"" behind enemy lines. IMHO, it's another welcome innovation from Eugen."
,Recommended,572410,30970721,Posted: 5 April,all,CP Klein,"Wargame in WW2 is an accuracte statement, however the changes done to the underlying mechanics are exciting and refreshing. I see alot of negetive reviews bash this game on the graphics probably one of the lowest priority items when making a great strategy game. The gameplay is there and the visuals are good not AAA but good.  A worthy successor to wargame and one that can certainly be expanded and improved upon further with more content.EDIT: After playing a few games and messing with the settings you can edit the scaling of the units in the options and this makes it less cartoony as well as being able to edit the frontlines to make it less in your face. Having found these options 10/10."
76561198033492177,Not Recommended,572410,32295742,Posted: 9 June,all,Wiking,"I want to love the game and concept. It has a lot potential and can be quite addictive, but has some serious technical programming bugs, errors, alot of missing functions, unreliable public servers and just plain bad choices of design.Created by the Developers of ""Wargame""http://steamspy.com/app/572410A WW2 tactical combat game where you control units of a Battlegroup to capture territory or destroy enemy units as a victory marker/goal. There are 18 Battlegroups to pick from (9 Axis, 9 Allied) with their own unique point income per phase & units that are available in three Phases of battle A, B, C.The Player can build their own unique deck of that particular Battlegroup to fit his/her needs or play style during a game. The types of units are unlocked/released through the 3 Phases of Battle, A, B and Phase C (last Phase).Combat and point system is Similar to Men of War, but with a morale function that really plays a large part in the game.The Servers Rubber band and disconnect the players from multiplayer & ranked games or even the game lobby without warning and has no reconnect ability to continue the game you were just booted from.  This is purely a server side Technical issue and is a major complaint on all forums(played 240 games got disconnected 47 times).This can be very frustrating since most games take 40 minutes to complete and will automatically give the players that got disconnected a loss on his/her record eventhough you or the team was winning by a long shot.When a player gets Booted/disconnected by the server a (Medium) AI takes over creating server lag and a large compacted grouping of units ""Blob"" that can be easily farmed by the opposing team,Max server population on a good day 2500 people, but most of the time around 600.http://steamcharts.com/app/572410#AllThere is no reporting, penalty system of players that quit a team game, troll or abuse etc ingame. There is no banning, blocking system or your own filling of players system other than a mute button and a friends list. You cannot look up players inorder to put them on your friends list. The only way is if you are in the same lobby, There is no Clan (division/army) or grouping system.Stats are incorrectly recorded in your profile. I have 193 wins in multiplayer, but it says in my record that i only played 187 games. Played ranked games and won with axis, but it recorded it as a draw/loss for the allies in my stats. This can be frustrating if the player is into Ranked games because it affects the players Elo/ranking, plus there are exploits that players can implement to raise their wn% Elo and penalize/troll the opposing player.Unit description of weapons and abilities are incorrectly stated and are just missing on the unit cards. For Example, units that can shoot at aircraft is missing or incorrectly stated on the unit cards.You'll quickly come to ask yourself when playing: can it actually fire at infantry a tank or aircraft? it doesnt state it clearly on the unit card, so you are forced trial and error to find out if it actually does this in game.Sound and music is mediocre, plus the voice acting is quite poor especially in campaign.The Campaign is not really a campaign but simply 12 scenario missions that are scripted and programed for the player to follow exactly what the designer of the level intented. You cannot pick your own battalion or faction, plus there is a time limit for every mission this quickly becomes old.* 4 scenarios with Airborne (Medium Difficutly) 4 scenarios with 21st Panzer (Hard), 4 scenarios with 15th Scottish (Very Hard) Some allied scenario's are bugged and will not complete.It just feels like a very incomplete rushed game by the developer that has many bugs, technical errors, missing content, unreliable public servers and needs a lot of optimization.Is it worth the current price on steam? No, wait for it to be on sale in a year or so.Does the game need a lot of work? Yes, most likely will take a year or so, if the developer doesnt abandon it."
76561197985948265,Recommended,572410,31934092,Posted: 24 May,all,Leviathan,"You are appalled by superheroism like in Company of, well Heroes?You don't want to build factories to produce tanks and breed soldiers directly on the battlefield?Visible hitpoints on tanks and magical healing of infantry seems weird?You do like medium paced multiplayer games that prefer tactics and knowledge above klicks per minute and perfect microing?You do like to build decks? Each one based on historically pretty accurately modelled Divisions? Both for Allies and Axis?This game might be for you. I certainly do like it.So, what's the deal?Steel Division is mostly built around a system of hard-counters to certain threats. The game relies heavily on the concepts of combined arms, recon (recon and even more recon) and supressive fire. Yes, there IS a supression bar. Units can get panicked and will surrender if their situation is hopeless.Steel Division features a tactical KI that will prioritize targets and send infantrymen and towed equipment like AT guns or flak into the next cover (can be switched off.). Wayfinding still need serious improvement though. It's sometimes embarrasing to see sibling units starting just behind each other take two vastly different paths to the target. Yeah. Kind of a mixed bag here.So, this game is surely NOT a simulation. Although you might encounter a lot of compromises between ""realism"" and ""game balance/fun"" it's a good and very engaging mixture that never looses to impress with details and historical plausibility.It's built on the experiences of the three Wargame titles previoulsy made by Eugen. It's obvious tha many lessons have been learnt. Core concepts got improved, new features have been added.You might call it Wargame IV. But in fact it transcends the Wargame series by adding three phases to each battle in which you might field a certain set of specific units from your decks.There is also dynamic front-line that can be used as a visual indicator of your progress in conquest. Or as a tool to isolate enemy units and to create pockets.At first, deck building seems pretty limited compared to, say: Wargame:Air Land Battle or Red Dragon.But by introducing the different phases in which you can only field certain units (no Tigers in phase A, mate) flavourful units like the Char 1 bis, Somua, Pz III, StuG III etc. become meaningful and important assets that would have otherwise not have had any use on the battlefield.Wargame had so many redundant units. Steel division has not. You got to choose, choices will be hard. Over strenghening one phase in your deck to field more ""super-units"" in a later phase will lead to failure. It's...different. You'll have to adapt to this challenge.So, if you're ready to by-pass all 10 versus 10 (clown games. No balance here. It's meant to be broken forever) and 1v1 games (much better balanced than 10vs10. You might enjoy it if you like to be spanked) and ignore destruction mode while not expecting to have a perfectly dramatized singleplayer experience you will get a very engaging tactical RTS."
76561112001265064,Recommended,572410,31893320,Posted: 21 May,all,Ulaire Minya,"The fusion of WW2 with the Wargame series that I've been waiting for since RUSE.This game is exemplary. It's not a simulator, but it does very well when it comes to getting across the feel of WW2 combat in Normandy without the painful amounts of micro that sims require.The addtion/adjustment of several gameplay mechanics such as a LOS tool, a better morale system, and command units to name a few makes Steel Division the best game Eugen has ever made in my opinion.The deckbuilding system has been reworked, and the addition of the phase system means that combat flows natrually through Combat Recon, Skirmish, and Battle phases. The revamped conquest mode combined with the new frontline system is exemplary.The maps are extremely well-made and detailed (based off of reconnaisance photos taken before and during the invasion) with plentiful variations in terrain.Haven't had access to the campaigns yet as we're still in beta. Will update when the game releases.TL;DR: If you enjoy WW2 rts's but don't like flat out sims, this game is exemplary. It's an excellent showcase of how combined arms and maneuver warfare worked at that time in history. Additionally, the game is only $40 for the baseline edition without additional visual content.Quit Company of Heroes and play a much better game instead."
,Recommended,572410,31367317,Posted: 25 April,all,Bacon Express,"Delightful!A mix ofWorld in conflict, but less spammyCompany of heroes, but less arcadyAchtung panzer kharkov, but more user friendlyAnd like Close Combat, but in 3DYa feel me?"
76561198001277061,Recommended,572410,30995079,Posted: 7 April,all,UncleFu,"I have been playing all the previous titles, and I really like what they did here.PROS:-I like the slowed down take on combat, which really helps the sense of realism. I always found the old games to be a bit too fast paced, and units died too quickly. Infantry in buildings should be hard to wipe out.-The new deck system is great, I like the fact that it´s based on real divisions. Adds to the realism! It also seems a lot more fluid than previously.-Conquest is cool with the dynamic frontline. Also much better than the static zones.-Seems like morale and other psychological factors play a greater role. Always seemed odd to me when a single soldier kept on charging forward on in previous games even though 40 of his mates just died around him.CONS:-I think the graphics are good enough, but I had hoped they would be better.All in all it feels a bit like Wargame mashed up with Close Combat. Not just because of the era, but also the dynamics. This is good, more detailed, deliberate and realistic!UPDATED after release:The campaign is somehow a disappointment. With Red Dragon they got real close at making something unique and extremely fascinating with the campaigns, but somehow throws all that in the bin now with just a line of serial missions. I am mostly a SP kind of guy, and this feels so much like a wasted opportunity and confirms that Eugen, at their core, are tailoring their games for MP.Apart from that, almost all of the above still holds true. I must admit, however, that I find that the speed of gameplay is still just a bit too high, and that the game is struggling to find a place between realism and arcady gameplay. It´s a tradeoff for sure!"
,Recommended,572410,30968010,Posted: 5 April,all,The_MonkeyKing,I have played this since the first VIP beta. Steel Division has taken all the good from Wargame and RUSE and then combined them to make something great! Developers are also very interactive with the community and consistently implement new features and patches.Especially great in multiplayer with friends.
76561198005943355,Recommended,572410,31065276,Posted: 10 April,all,Schorschie,"I was quiet surprised to find out that Eugen / developed  the game again in the WW2 time period and I am very thankful for this.To begin with, Steel Division is not Wargame in the second World War nor is it the successor of R.U.S.E..One can see clearly where Steel Division is coming from, but it is different to the two named before. Since this is not the final release version, consider my explanations to the game limited, there is no campaign, there are “only” three fractions to choose from (two German divisions, one British and one American), and “only” two playable maps.The final release version should have 15 divisions to choose from, a campaign, extra special units (an American air unit, a German Tiger unit and more to come), plenty of maps which from what I read have been carefully researched to get quiet close to the original time set, an extra modding area (so far I do not know what can be modded, the fact alone that they planed parts of the game modable is simply great) and plenty of online and offline battles, which a player can create.First of all, it is a tactical wargame where the player controls all combat units on a small map.The scale of the map is not exact compared for instance to modelling, but, a vehicle represents one vehicle and squads are represented in numbers, where the number represents the actual number of men in a squad.Like in Wargame you choose a battle group from one of the three playable fractions, i.e. Germans, British or Americans and unlike R.U.S.E. you  do not have to “built” units in specific construction buildings.And here the first difference to Wargane: You choose from a former real existing division!You pick combat units which were available to that specific division. That also means you can be limited to what combat units may be offered to you, like specific tanks only being available to infantry kind divisions for instance. Thanks Eugen for considering something more close to reality!So you can let the computer make the choice to pick units for you or, like in Wargame, you make the choice to create your own custom battle group. And here comes the second big difference to Wargame, you have now three timed phases where you are limited to what you can “call” into battle.When you choose your battle group you have the three phases named as A, B and C phases, where your picking of men and material is different in quality and numbers.In the beginning (phase A) you are pretty much limited to only a few men and vehicles and equipment. Phase B and phase C also give you different equipment and more infantrymen.This means for instance that in the beginning you are limited to a few AT-guns, a few infantry squads, single support vehicles and only few tanks which are most of the time not the top notch battle tanks. The classification is as it is in Wargame, you have Recon units, Tanks, Infantry, Support and air Units as well as AAA and Artillery ones.After a specific time in the actual battle (a timer indicates it in the game) you reach phase B and later on phase C. Phase B gives you access to “proper” tanks in larger quantities, Infantry in greater numbers and air units while the C phase will give you access to everything you got, also the heavy combat tanks (for the Germans for instance it is the Panther).So careful planing is needed, to what someone wants to do when and to what a player can react!And again as in Wargame a player cannot choose infinite units and vehicles but is limited to points in the different phases (which the choice of division you play seem to influence) which give you limited numbers of units in total.Once you have chosen the units you like to play (or in a skirmish the enemy is using) you start the game.The map is dome nicely and the proportions (i.e. the scale) is similar as in Wargame.The two example maps give you either a typical Normandy landscape with loads of hedges, a few streets and plenty of room to set up defensive positions or plan offensive manoeuvres.The second one is set in an urban surrounding with a few villages and a nice industrial complex but also a few areas with long range view. But, there are no more zones like Alpha, Beta etc. you need to control. On the map your units generate a control zone on the map measured of their combat value, indicated either in blue or red. The map control of specific percentage gives a player bonus in income, from which troops can be called into combat. And these “reserves” are limited in numbers, as you have chosen by picking your battle group. Also you have only specific routes into the map, where you can call in troops, which is similar to Wargame. All units will enter the map via those routes and, again, like in Wargame, closing this routes mean in the worst case you cannot call in units anymore!The set up zones are opposite to each other and the area is not like in Wargame a box but you have the full length of your side of the map to deploy your troops while the enemy has his own side, the middle is “neutral” and cannot been used for deploying troops.Here you plan your starting movement, might set points of interest and plan careful with other players, when doing multiplayers, who is going where.I personally like the fact that you now can mark points on the map as usual “Defend here, attack there” but you now can mark a point and write a comment which stays longer so you have another tactical help on the map (like Attack Point Phase A or Arty here, etc.).After deployment you start and here the game plays like Wargame or R.U.S.E..Infantry now sets up in buildings if you want but also can deploy where you feel like.Vehicles on the ground are pretty much effected by the environment,, so a tank cannot drive through huge hedges or through big buildings like factories. Lorries drive slower in cross country then on streets. And here come the improvements to Wargame:The units now have a button where chosen you see on the map what the unit sees. The areas which are blind for the units are greyed out,  This makes ambushes lethal and gameplay mean, so once more THANKS EUGEN!The game itself pretty much plays like Wargame or R.U.S.E., where the detail level of the single units in Steel Division is above the other two mentioned. You can zoom in and watch your men doing whatever you ordered them.Combat is held in the same way as in Wargame or R.U.S.E., but combat effect itself is different.Your units are effected by stress, being under enemy fire stresses them up to a point where they try to avoid being shot at or even worse, surrender to the enemy around them.There are now new command units, which influence behaviour of units under fire and this is another improvement from Wargame or R.U.S.E.. Also your units only now need ammo supply and you do not need to keep an eye on the fuel consumption of  your units as this feature is not included.So far the game is fun to play, plays similar to Wargame or R.U.S.E. but has lots of gameplay improvements. It is not another COH derivative, but the possibilities offered here are far more then the tactical games on the COH scale. I read a few things in the forum like positioning, realistic behaviour of units and historical correctness.  This is a game people, not a simulation! If someone thinks that specific unit behaviour is wrong, special units should not be there, I would recommend some serious researching before claiming “that kind of unit has not been there” and please respect the work the developers and the team of Eugen put into this game. They have used a lot of different sources and from what I saw the game is excellent in terms of research, The fact alone that they allow a player to control SS units is a brave step for a gaming company and I will try to support them that this is NOT a political statement but rather the correct historical commitment of names and units being at the actual historical place."
76561198033803732,Not Recommended,572410,33863089,Posted: 28 July,all,Pauliefmj,"Really had high hopes for this game. I'm an avid fan of the Wargame series and RUSE so when news broke of an WWII RTS game that combined the best of the two games I was absolutely hyped. However, this game fell short.The game had very good ideas in the way of the Battle Phases and deck systems. The Phases created a gameplay flow that was both manageable and realistic, mimicing reinforcements and progressing resources. Decks were used in the same way as Wargame, enabling a player to tool his arsenal to his own playstyle and different scenarios. Used in conjugation, it makes a player feel comfortable with his options. I also really loved the Front Line feature, not only did it look cool but provided a different way to control the map than just rush focal points.However, most of the other aspects of the game are unfilling, ranging from the slightly bothersome to gear-grinding awful. I'm a strategy game fan so graphics really aren't too high on my list for a game, but I can't stand the aesthics of Steel Division. The explosions are either nonexistant or completely buffoonish. I know Eugen can make better graphics, RUSE was beautiful! Again, graphics really aren't a deal breaker with me but the level to which graphics were disregarded is very unusual. It's only made worse with bad sound design, especially American and British voice acting which appartently only consists of badly cut movie references.Gameplay is wonky with the weird LOS and combat system. Yeah, I get it. Hedgerows and towns make up 90% of Normandy. But that doesn't mean you have to create every single map exactly the same. Wargame and COH have varied maps with interesting features, but with Steel Division I have trouble telling the difference between any of the maps. Suppression was radically altered from Wargame, and all you need is your infantry to take a few shots from far away and suddenly they're out of the fight. Combat lends itself towards spamming with units that just soak up hits and refuse to die. No matter how many times you hit a unit, as long as it can retreat into cover and cower for two minutes it'll be back up to kill your units in the open like nothing happened because HP doesn't exist.I can't go for more than 15 minutes in game without thinking, ""I would be having a lot more fun if I were playing Wargame."" Bottom line, if you want a great RTS experience that Steel Division was going for, just go buy Wargame. That's one of the true pinnacle of RTS games. Want a good WWII RTS? Can't go wrong with COH or Men of War. But, unless they radically overhaul this game with an update or a modder makes this game reach it's true potential, I can't recommend it with a $40 price tag. I really wanted to like this game. but I can't. To think I preordered it too."
,Recommended,572410,31920073,Posted: 23 May,all,Blitzy,"If you're a fan of the Wargame franchise you'll feel right at home here. If not I think there's enough improvements and streamlining to encourage new players to hop on in. Deck Building is way simpler, but doesn't sacrifice depth.Definitely recommend for any fan of WW2 games or RTS games, but even if you're not I'd still give it a try9/10"
76561198007196845,Recommended,572410,31925487,Posted: 23 May,all,scfs123,"DO YOU WANT A WARGAME WHERE EVEYRHING YOU DO IS WRONG AND YOU DIE A HORRIBLE DEATH EVERY TIME ALL THE TIME? WELL HAVE WE GOT A GAME FOR YOUEVERY OPPONENT YOU FACE WILL BE ROMMEL IN THE FLESH, HE WILL OUTSMART YOU AND OUTFLANK YOUYOUR BEST MEN AND TANKS WILL BE ANNHILATED BY THE CONSCRIPTS HE EMPLOYS.AFTER MANY MONTHS OF LEARNING HOW TO BEAT THESE ROMMELS, YOU WILL BECOME A MC ARTHUR, BLINDLY SUICIDING YOUR TROOPS EVERYWHERE AND ANYWHERE, BARELY SQUEAKING OUT A VICTORY OVER THE ENEMY FOR A BUNCH OF BLOODY EDGES AND PRAISING GOD AND COUNTRY FOR YOUR SUCCESSYOU WILL TELL YOUR MEN THEY FOUGHT FOR HONOR FOR GLORY AND SAVED THE WORLD. EVEN THOUGH IN REALITY ALL YOU CONQUARED WAS A GOD DAMN HEDGE.WELCOME TO HEDGE WARS 2017"
76561198067160106,Recommended,572410,31723721,Posted: 13 May,all,vG.Umbra,"Before you buy...1.This game is not meant to be easy, there are mechanics to learn and master.2.War is not balanced, don't expect your units to be a 1 to 1 match of the enemy units. example a Sherman is not a tiger it never will be but it can kill one if you play well.3. this is about smart plays and well thought out plans, before battle you make a deck/division of troops, each troop has a role and they perform best in said role, a scout squad is not infantry squad so on.4.Learn to play in different styles and be adaptable.In all honesty this is a great game and worth the price my suggestion is that you give it a go and it is most certainly best played with a friend or even a stranger as communication is a great helper as some divisions lack certain units, Inf divisions have the minimal amount of tanks but a massive amount of artillary and infantry while a airborne or a division with historical ties to the airforce will have some amazing options in the air.The game also implements a feature which is good and bad at the same time. Phases, battles usually begin small with the allies having a advantage in quality of troop choices but fall off as the game progresses as german divisions are able to muster a resistance with some of their best toys like kingtigers and panthers."
76561198082601541,Recommended,572410,34418179,Posted: 22 August,all,plastic cup,"I`ve played all wargames franchise (780hrs playing wargame red dragon), and after playing playing this game for a while ( like 350 hours ), i think that this game is ""AWESOME"".In my opinion, there are so many improvements on this game that it saddens me to read negative critics that comes from people that had a couple of hours ( not enought to understand the game in my opinion)Since the begining i had access to the vip beta, and  i have to admit that my first impression was dissapointment. But after giving a lot of chances and time to the game u just fall in love.First of all, the damage system and the phases. These are the most important differentiating factor between Steel division and Wargame. On Red Dragon the damage is cumulative, so you are able to destroy a unit for example a heavy tank with an Atgm team(antitank guide misile) and destroy the enemy unit with 1 or a couple of misiles, or send  a rush of many many light tanks (cavalry style), so theres always a ways to destroy and enemy even if it is eficient or ineficient .On Normandy 44 the  damage system its binari, that means that a unit is enabled or not enabled to destroy an enemy unit, as a consecuence of this, on Steel division you units have more value and at the same time are scarce. This encourage a more tactical micromanagent of your units, especially playing as an ally, you will protect at all costs your firefly, your achilles or your 17pdr because its your only chance to deal with a king tiger or even a tige E.On Gameplay mechanics there are a lot of improvements, even to the point that i  can prefer Steel Division over Wargame just because its more comfortable to manage your troops.For example you can presset the units route, destination and even where the have to unload, this is very usefull when you are deploying units at the begining of the match. There are tools that allowed you to determine area of ​​vision and distance, making more easy to deploy recon units, canons and ambushes.All this allowe you to have more focus on your tactics an strategies, and not just on your ""micro"".By last, i`ve been reading a lot of coments that says that the ""game is dead"", or ""theres no one playing anymore"".  Before those comments i want to say that I do not agree with these. As i said before, i`ve been playing sice the VIP beta and i dont have troubles finding a game on multiplayer, even today 22-08-2017.Sorry for bad english"
,Recommended,572410,30970993,Posted: 5 April,all,TATER THOT,"A large improvement upon the Wargame series. I honestly wasn't a fan of the Wargame series, but combat in Steel Division Normandy 44 feels like a combination of Wargame, Company of Heroes and World in Conflict. Combat is fairly slow paced and realistic due to the armor penetration values of antitank weapons and the stress levels of your units. Overall a solid game and I enjoy it, 9/10"
,Recommended,572410,32094670,Posted: 31 May,all,Stitch,"Infrantry darting hedge to hedge; bombers strafing above, cutting off routes whilst providing flanking opportunites for the enemies tanks - Steel Division captures the nitty gritty, intense and brutal realism of WWII combat from above.~Highly recommended to both new comers of the RTS genre and veterans looking for that WWII setting that makes this game so attrractive.Note:This review is from the perspective of an individual that has not played previous titles from Eugen Systems, as well as being, for lack of a better word, a 'newbie' to this RTS genre as a whole. This review is based on approximately 70 hours game time split between the beta and release periods of the game.The Short:Steel Division: Normandy 44 finds a balance between historical context and fun gameplay, making for an experience that rewards tactical decisions and planning, whilst punishing the 'spam one unit type' gameplay. It's simplicity makes it welcoming to newer players, more so with the aid of in-game tutorials, and between the three seperate campaigns, the eighteen in-game divisions and online multiplayer, there's a lot of content to keep you busy.The Long:You have a frontline of troops and heavy support vehicles. You're comfortably defending a small village whilst you wait for reinforcements. Ally bombers fly over head, providing covering fire - you feel comfident. You begin to push. Your troops rush ahead, darting from hedge to hedge, only to be pinned down by enemy machine gunners, cleared out by an enemy tank and your entrie frontline to be completely shattered in seconds by aircraft, infrantry and heavy vehicles.Steel Division: Normandy 44 is an RTS that demonstrates the brutality of WWII conflict with such convincement and realism that even when things get sour, you can't help but really connect with the situation as if you were really the general watching your troops burn by your orders.In-game ContentThe content. You have three small campaigns, each with four missions, and each with preset difficulties. The first medium, second hard and final campaign, very hard.[It's worth noting at this point that the AI at medium difficulty has no penalties or bonuses, whilst are lower and higher difficulities, they either receieve penalities or bonuses to adjust the difficulty. Some may find this off putting as it's essentially a form of 'cheating', but it is what it is.]Beyond this you have custom skirmishes, online multiplayer, an in-game tutorial and an in-game deckbuilding system called'Battlegroups'.BattlegroupsBattlegroups is your deck. The game features eighteen divisions currently at launch, which nine belonging to the Allies and nine to the Axis. Countries available currently are: United Kingdom, USA, Poland, Free France and Canada for the Allies and Germany for the Axis. Within the battlegroups you have divisions, which are essentially decks of cards which you pick and choose units from to create a deck based on the points available for that particular division. The amount of cards, units available and cost of units vary from division to division and for the most part, is historically accurate. Divisions are split into types, which define their strengths or focus. From air focused decks to tank focused, there is something for everyones play style.Moreover, units are split into three phases - A, B and C. This relates directly to the in-game phase system that prevents certain units of higher phases from being deployed until a certian period of time has passed in-game. What this means is, you won't be deploying you're absolute best units right from the get-go, even if you have the currency for it. You'll have to wait until the time passes and the battle escalates. It's a good system and creates an extra layer of planning - do you buy the infrantry you need now, or wait a few minutes, save a little and purchase that giant Tank available in phase B?GameplayThere are two game-modes, Conquest and Domination. Domination rewards players for kills, and as a result becomes a much more defensive minded game-mode, where less risks are taken. This mode completely ignores the frontline system and essentially becomes a giant game of TDM. Conquest on the overhand rewards map control. In Steel Division, the map is divided with a frontline, representing the map control between the two fighting sides. It begins at 50/50%. and neither player recieves points. As players push the line and one team recieves 51% or more map control, they begin recieving points. This mode is much more dynamic, promoting players to adapt to the situation and take risks. In addition to this, there are three phases to the game; A, B and C, each seperated by a ten minute window. The game begins in phase A and only units that are marked with phase A in your deck can be deployed during this time. After ten minutes and phase B becomes active, you may deploy any units that are A or B, and of course, for C, any unit may be deployed. It's a system that builds the scale of the battle as time extends, and so planning is an absolute must.In addition to this, units do not have health of any kind. Instead, the game uses a 'stress' system. As units are fired upon, their stress levels increase, reduces their effectiveness. When they reach their limits, they begin to retreat, panic or become pinned down. During this time, they are incredibly vulnerable and easy to kill. Outside of battle, units begin to calm, and essentially regen.Units can not regain lost troops or be repaired. Only ammo can be distrupted amongst allies, nothing more. Lost units are lost units.IssuesCurrently, on release, there is a fair bit of lag online - this includes disconnects too. There is a lot of comments being thrown around about balance issues, but as the game is only just officially released, I think more time is required for people to learn the strategies of the game before making these statements.Final ThoughtsI'm not an RTS fan, honestly. I find most titles to be overly complex, or just too reliant on your ability to spam units and be quick on the keyboard. None of this is true with Steel Division. It's fairly simple and welcoming to newer players, it's much slower paced than most RTS games and it completely, without question, rewards good positioning and strategy more so than rushing a tonne of one unit. Whether or not this game is for you, that entirely depends on your experience with RTS games and what you're looking to gain from your next one.Personally, I would recommend this. It's enjoyable, strategy focused and for a game just released, runs surprisingly well with serious technical or gameplay bugs that I've noticed currently.Thanks for reading, and hopefully this helped sway your decision on purchasing the game.Hope to see you guys in-game, cheers!"
,Recommended,572410,31034809,Posted: 9 April,all,Echonian,"After about 10 hours or so played, I've tried all four factions currently in the beta. As it stands, there are two for the Axis and two for the Allies.Representing both are a single infantry-based division, and a single armored division. You can customize which units you want to have available in-game prior to the battle by filling out your battle group with ""cards."" Each card allows you to call a unit in at a particular phase of the game - starting at Phase A, then continuing to Phase B and C at 10 and 20 minutes in respectively. With each phase, you get new units available, and different divisions have different strengths.The gameplay is very good in general. You control large numbers of units on a diverse battlefield. Strategy actually matters, unlike in many RTS type games (where often your ability to click quickly is all that matters). What units you decide to bring in, where you decide to deploy them, and how you react to new situations on the battlefront all play a role. The battlefields are large enough that you are forced to react to a wide front and pick multiple points to attack and defend depending on the geography and situations at hand.Units behave as you would expect them to. Infantry are relatively cheap, and have excellent stealth capabilities. They are also the only units able to take and hold structures (obviously), which make natural strongholds and allow for easy ambushes. You can also hide them in forests however, and making use of cover is very necessarry for them as they can be easily routed or destroyed if caught by something like anti-air guns or artillery, or even ordinary machine guns.Tanks are tanks. They are excellent at destroying lighter armored vehicles, but have poor vision. You need to use scouts to see what is going on properly, and gaining intelligence in this manner is very important to gameplay.You also can call in various types of aircraft - fighters, bombers, anti-tank specialized attack fighters. There's artillery of all types, from mortars to large artillery pieces. Anti-aircraft guns double as mobile infantry support weapons, and later in the game are even capable of taking out ground vehicles quite well.There is no lack of variety in units, and there is still much to be added to the game prior to the full release.The game implements a frontline system to determine victory, as well. Pushing you units forward pushes the front line forward, and you gain points depending on your percentage controlled by your team. Battles supposedly go from 1v1s all the way up to 10v10s, but I've only gone as high as 4v4s.The AI is quite challenging and fun to fight against.In the end, the game is excellent in its current state, and I would recommend it to anyone who loves large-scale real time strategy games. It still needs some polish, but I highly recommend it. Check out some gameplay videos if you are unsure if you would like it.Good luck on the battlefield!"
76561198030367556,Recommended,572410,31170911,Posted: 15 April,all,MyKey,"I've owned Wargame: Airland Battle and Wargame: Red Dragon, bought all the dlcs, and enjoyed them massively, but in many cases Wargame would leave me sitting in the deck creator debating what I'd do with a deck and not actually using it. The reason is in the other Wargames you can lose your entire army in a moments notice and with it your entire front. In this game it is simply much more difficult to do this.With the accuracy of the guns much lower, and the speed at which units move much slower, the game revolves more around dislodging the enemy and forcing them to retreat than actually destroying them, making the game much more action packed and challenging. This allows players to regain the composure of their army and even allows for counter attacks, which might not happen in the same case in the other Wargames.While there is some patching to be done (I am making this in the early beta), the game is extremely well designed, and a great introductory game to other wargames, or the creation of a new franchise, which his might become.I look forward to the future of Steel Division."
,Recommended,572410,32062010,Posted: 30 May,all,Superwutz,"Nerf germans they say...Nerf allies they say..Nerf tigers they say..Nerf Jumbos they say..I cant understand why people are going crazy because of ""broken balance"".If you know how to use each division the game becomes one of the faierest and most balanced I know.This game is awesome!-2nd world war-tactical depth-frontline system-great playstyle variation depending on the division you chooseI would rate it 10/10See you an the battlefield!"
,Recommended,572410,31926537,Posted: 23 May,all,Parus Paridae,"This review is mostly from wargame players point of view. If you want tactical and deep ww2 RTS with ""realistical"" style but not too hard to pick up, i recomend it.This is much more casual game than wargames are so it easier to learn basics. Most important information, armor and penetrations, is shown easily so you know roughly what you are against in battle with quick glance. With the los tool it makes much easier to see what your unit can see, it works mostly fine but as of writing it doesnt work with height differences. Deck building in game is much simpler than in wargames and you could play on autofill decks too if you want. Most map are good with nice variety between opennes and city/wood clusters.  The dynamic frontline is really good addition since it makes everygame more different since there is no real areas you must hold, you can choose your self where the frontlines and points of interests are depending on map and division you play.Overall this is really good more casuall but still deep wargame like game with ww2 theme. If you are wargame veteran i recomend to get it since it is similar with style but so many good additions and changes to core mechanics.For RTS noobs it might be little steep learning curve but its much more simpler and accesible than Wargames by the same developer."
,Recommended,572410,31919667,Posted: 23 May,all,drewww,"There's obviously lots of games in this general category -- company of heroes, men of war, and prior entries in the Wargame series all have a bunch of the core elements that are in SD:N. One major axis is size of the battle space. In order of small scale to large scale: CoH, MoW, SD:N, Wargame. In terms of pace, SD:N is slower and less micro-intensive than basically any other game on that list. Units don't really have special abilities tha tneed to be targetted. The only real ""special"" move is smoke; otherwise units make reasonable choices about what weapons to use against which targets on their own. You don't need to, like, press the ""shoot bazooka"" button if you want your AT-equipped infantry to shoot a tank. There's also relatively little game-y ness that plagues something like CoH. You don't build buildings that produce troops, you don't magically heal or replinish squads. You don't repair tanks on the battlefield. There are concessions for playability for sure (plane/AA interactions, limited but readable penetration models for armor, etc.) but they're not super glaring.I find that particular mix pretty compelling. You're operating at a nice level of abstraction where combined arms really shines. You have to make meaningful choices about where to deploy different units and how they're going to work together to achive something. There's enough micro around armor to feel satisfying but not so much that if all you're doing is driving your precious tank. Definitely worth a look!"
,Recommended,572410,31913598,Posted: 23 May,all,Muslim Stalin,"As a big fan of ruse since 2011, and a casual Red Dragon player, this is what I have been waiting for for the last 6 years. It's awesome. There is a certain learning curve to multiplayer but that's what makes the game fun. Memorizing the range, armor penetration, High Explosive value, etc of every single unit in the game and mathematically formulating a strategy was a big part of what I loved about RUSE, and this game just takes that concept and extrapolates it. Very very fun game, in my opinion. Thank you, Eugen.PS take my wallet for an eastern front expansion pack"
76561197995567700,Recommended,572410,32505915,Posted: 17 June,all,Tarkus,"Here are my first impressions after about 8 hours in. I played the boot camp and started the 82nd Airborne campaign.*** First Impression:Recommended with reservations. ***GreatMagnificient terrain. It leaves most other tactical games in the dust in this regard. Reminds me a bit of Company of Heroes with more efforts put into the game to make realistic looking maps. It's not a *completely* authentic representation of Normandy, but is a very good rendition.Generally speaking the game ishighly polished graphicallyand this keeps you engaged for the first few moments when you are learning the game. Then the tactical challenge takes over.Line-of-sight (LOS) tool. A well-made and useful feature. It is dynamic and can be displayed on the fly. I don't recall seeing anything quite like this in other games (did Wargame had that? I seem to recall something along these lines...), and it's a pretty good feature.Supply and support game logicsare simple and efficient.Well-made tutorial, totally worth your time to learn the fundamentals of the game.The game runs smoothly at 80% auto benchmark on my 2011 XPS rig (upgraded last year with a GTX 750Ti). I did have one temporary freeze that eventually resolved itself.EDITED TO ADD-----Generally the camera is great. Simple, fluid, easy to use. You have a minimap to jump to any spot on the battlefield. I would wish for a hotkey to instanlty move the camera right behind a selected unit along its current orientation. It would be quite useful to quickly figure out the context within which the unit is fighting, and getting its orientation quickly would be helpful, particularly when you manage widely dispersed units. Currently you can snap the cam on a moving unit (see below) but the way it works doesn't cut it for me.Not SureOn-map objectives labels should be toggable. The UI is sometimes in the way.The game has someauthenticity glitches. For instance, the US airborne troops did not possess the M1919A6 MMG in Normandy. Some textures are also more fictionnal. This will be something of note only for the most grognard among us, and I am sure modders will make short work of such discreptancies.Vehicular troops transport. *Some* vehicles despawn once your troops have debussed, and some don't. I haven't figured out yet which does and which doesn't. Having organics vehicles for US airborne troops is obviously not authentic. I suppose this choice has been made to accelerate gameplay and get your reinforcements onto the line faster, so in pure gameplay terms this is as valid a choice as any, but it is worth mentionning.The UI  needs refinements. I only realized by accident that you can queue navigation waypoints for your units. This is a major feature, but the way it works in the game isn't super robust and you get some glitches and misclicks;You should be able to visualise all your orders (both movement and targeting) for all your troops all at once. Currently, holding the shift key allows you to see the plotted moves and targeting of selected units, which isn't optimal IMO. Being able to see it all simultaneously would help immensely to monitor the overall situation;The LOS tool is great as mentionned above, but I would experiement with different visuals. Modders will likely come up with alternatives.EDITED TO ADD-----There is a feature where you can snap the camera on a moving unit. Unless I'm missing something you need to manipulate the camera to 'snap' to the unit, which requires fiddling with the cam. This is suboptimal... Why not a hot key instead? much simpler, and much easier to use. With all I have to manage already with the game, I'm too busy to start fiddling around :)EDITED TO ADD-----When the game loads, it asks whether you have a Paradox account or not. Fair enough. I don't have an account and while I am sure there are tons of benefit from having one, I don't plan to right now, so I would offer a way do disable this dialog in the options.DislikeThe game's timer cannot be paused. I realize this couldn't possibly work for MP gameplay, but I see no valid reason to prevent pausing the game and give orders in single player. For me it would be immensely more satisfying to be able to take my time to plot my COA, then monitor its execution at normal speed. As it stands I play the game at the slowest speed to keep abreast of what is going on, and it's not a very fun compromise. For the hardcore/competitive RTS player, this will likely sounds like an assets as it means the more APS you can dish out, the better you'll fare, but I feel the level of complexity of the game (I'd say something like 7/10 complexity/learning curve) makes the game often feels overwhelming when commanding large size battlegroups. ----just to be clear, you can pause the game to stop playing momentarily, but you cannot pause the timer of the game.Corrolary to the above,too many things to do at once. Managing a small battlegroup is satisfying and fun, but upon starting the campaign, I didn't feel in control at all and had to reduce speed of gameplay to the minimum speed (called ""Bullet Time"", which is, somewhat surprisingly, very slow) and manage my troops much more than I thought I'd need to. The two above points are things that somewhat cripple my enjoyement of the game and if not amended will likely shorten the lifespan of this title on my PC. The game makes up for this with a series of automatic actions, like auto cover, but I don't feel confortable leaving these deployement choices to the AI. This is potentially a non-issue in MP mode, if you keep battlegroups tight and focussed. I would seek to play in MP in this way, with a smaller detachement and a more focussed area of responsibility. Having to run all over the front to see what is going with widely dispersed troops isn't super fun IMHO, and managing large battlegroups isn't a thrilling prospect.Why ""surrender"" to quit a game in single player? I should be able to just save and quit. This is only annoying, as I clearly have no intention on giving up, but only to tackle the scenario in more than one sitting.First Impression ConclusionThis is a good, almost great game. It has the potential to be excellent, but some game design choices remove a sizable margin of the fun for me. It looks and feels nice, but once you get into the game in a more substantial way, you'll likely want more control than the game provides. As it stands, Battlefront'sCombat Missionseries of games, while much less polished graphically, and not without its own flaws, remains firmly on top of the world in terms of small to medium scale combined arms tactical combat.EDIT - I guess by now people will have figured out that I am mostly a single-player type of user, and that I enjoy taking my time to think things through. I realize this game is made with a more fast-paced, multiplayer user in mind, but what I suggest here is to refine the single-player experience only slighlty to make the game more appealing for my kind of player. And again, I speak only for myself, but I am sure some other folks out there have the same kind of craving for a well-made game like this, with tailored controls and a more manageable pace for the armchair tactician :) I have at least one good gaming buddy who has the same opinion about this title."
,Recommended,572410,30967909,Posted: 5 April,all,max.eisert,"Steel Division is a successor of the Wargame titles but this time set in WWII (my favorite time period). It plays at a somewhat slower pace than Wargame Airland Battle and Red Dragon and you also have to take into account that most tanks do not fire on the move, so you have to get used to it.A very good feature is that you can give commands while your units are still in the deployment phase and also the units retreat automatically when their stress level is too high (reducing somewhat the micromanagement). I also very much like the moving front line. This is much more realistic than capturing zones with a command vehcile (like in their previous Wargame). Very clever indeed.Furthermore I very much like the Commander units. They really make your infantry much harder to beat. There is also much attention to detail, eg. you can see all the soldiers sitting in the (open) trucks when transported and some unit replies remind us of famous WWII movies or series (A Bridge Too Far, Band Of Brothers,...).Hint: you can also jump to the area of the last warning message by pressing the ""space"" bar (not described in the manual or under key bindings).Another splendid feature is the replay mode where you can review the heroic feats of your units (this was also already present in Wargame).Hint: in order to follow a unit you must not only select it but also keep your mouse pointer on the unit while you zoom in. Then the camera will 'stick' to that unit.I've played 100+ hours now and the more I play this game the more I like it. I even had a good time loosing a battle and that's always a good sign.Although it's designed as a multiplayer game the skirmish mode against the AI is very decent.The only disadvantage I see is that the solo campaign is not a strategic map where the player decides on the next move (like in Wargame Airland Battle and Red Dragon) but is a sequenced story driven campaign where you have to finish one mission before going to the next (which I think is very old school). Of course this is a personal preference.The advantage of those old school campaigns is that the briefings an naratives can be made more detailed and fancy (as the next map is decided by the designers and not by the player) but the disadvantage is the lack of replayability.Nevertheless I can still advise to buy this game. In my opinion it's the best realtime WWII battlefield simulator around."
76561198007309836,Recommended,572410,31064451,Posted: 10 April,all,Aristotle,"If Company of Heroes was less micro-intensive, but more tactical, then it would be this."
76561198028341925,Not Recommended,572410,34614526,Posted: 30 August,all,No Guts No Glory,"After latest patch i had enough.Since end of beta the game sucks. Divisions dont feel unique anymore and every patch only screw it up even more.Devs dont know what they want to do with their game, constantly shifting values up and down trying to find ""balance"" in game that was supposed to be played on level of divisions that have their strengts and weaknesses. Yet so far they are trying to make every division ""equal"" in terms of everything. I play both as Allies and Axis and nerfhammer is swinging left and right, rendering both sides boring to play every patch more and more because devs are removing units, nerfing them to oblivion (Churchill AVRE for example) and yet they keep saying that they are making game ""better""Let me tell you something ... you dont.Game balance back in Beta was great and it was fun to play. Shortly after release it was ... well good. But then patches started pouring in and game went to hell.Stay away unless you are willing to pay 39,99 euros for game that is constantly changing towards worse and its many unique units are bein removed or nerfed."
,Recommended,572410,30969202,Posted: 5 April,all,TigerAce2712,"Lately there have not been that many great WW2 RTS games, sure there is COH 2, but let's be honest, that really isn't that good.I was really excited to hear that Eugen was making a WW2 RTS, in the style of the Wargame franchise.So did they succeed?Oh yes, you have no idea.The game plays smooth, the voices are cool, the current selection of units in the beta is acceptable, with more to come im sure.Gameplay so far seems balanced, tho I believe the Allies may be a little too powerful in the early game.The game plays very similarly to the Wargame franchise, with the same sort of mechanics. It works very well, even in a WW2 genre. To be brutally honest, it's games like this that revitalise my hope that the RTS genre is making a kickass comeback.So, to summarise, if you like the Wargame series of games, and like WW2, then yes you should 100% get this as it is a perfect addition to any RTS player's library!"
76561198024274145,Recommended,572410,31047564,Posted: 9 April,all,Viking171986,it's like wargame and Men of war had a glorious love child.
76561198004567385,Recommended,572410,33121017,Posted: 2 July,all,Barry,"What an amazing game. I purchased Steel Division Normandy 44 in June so a couple of patches had been released and I have had no problems and think the balance is about right (very hard to get perfect).The gameplay is brilliant, the different phases of the battles are my highlight with the dynamic front line. Some multiplayer games I think we have lost an entire flank only for a different phase to start and the battle to swing around. The phases allow more hardcore units to enter the battle at different times changing style of the fighting and the outcome.This is mainly a multiplayer game, so please do not expect too much from the single player. Historically its quite accurate and the maps have been designed true to life.I can not see why Wargame fans would not like this new release and improvement to the series, I did not need to do any of the tutorials before jumping in and having fun."
76561197989071232,Recommended,572410,31085260,Posted: 11 April,all,.Hesko.,"I was on the fence about this game cause I didn't want to get my hopes up.  To be honest the RTS catagory is dieing out a bit and most tittles from this are trash, hot trash.  This game is the perfect mix of COH2, Wargame, Assault Squad, and Paradox brain food games.  This game is in Beta and is better than tittles that have been out for years, only minor tweeking and balancing issues to fix, also I have had two random crashes in the past 30 hours of gameplay.The battle phase of A, B, C makes your strategy even more dynamic as you have to think through and counter your enemy's units, not follow a dumb build order and do the same stuff every game.  Right now there is 4 decks and 18 to be out soon.  I can only imagine how dynamic it will become.The feature of the line of sight button is the single best thing to ever happen to a tactical RTS.  No more guessing or blaming♥♥♥♥♥♥pathing on developers.  Its clean and stable.The use of micro, and hot keys is a amazing blend but not crazy over whelming.  No you don't need 200 button mashes a minute to do well, but the faster and cleaner you are the better.  The hot key and unit assignment layout is smooth which rewards those who are good with it, but doesn't make it a 200 buttons a minute freak out.Once the graphics get a little more polished I think this game is a 10/10 if your looking for a RTS ww2 game.  For $40 you should pick up this game."
76561198029580377,Recommended,572410,33355453,Posted: 7 July,all,Kugel Schwamm,"A breath of fresh air. Well researched and thought out units on both sides of the conflict. Native German for the Germans is a great touch. Sound is lackluster, but that is remedied by a couple of mods thart you can download easy and for free in the Workshop. Great game, although I mostly play on skirmish mode and on easy. The games AI is incredibly difficult, at least for me.The game is smooth and not too micromanage intense."
76561198008842172,Not Recommended,572410,31990823,Posted: 27 May,all,Freakmarine,"Let me start by saying this is not a bad game at all! The game is well balanced and plays great. But, I find that there are a few mayor gameplay issues.1. First of all, almost all missions i have played sofar are time-based, so strategic planning and executing is not an option. Usually it comes down to rushing the enemy.2. Most mission are defense-oriented, so you set-up your forces and prepare to be swamped by enemy forces. Then, as mentioned in my first comment, you get a timer to annihilate the enemy. Again, lacking a real strategic element3. Contrary to the Wargame-games, there is no grand scenario. The mission are all seperate maps and what happens opns one map doenst influence the following missions.4. Also, units dont gain experience to take with to following missions5. Minor gameplay-elements i dislike are the fact that artillery, once deployed, can no longer be towed and paratroopers are not really paratroopers but always need to be deployed via trucks.ALl in all certainly not a bad game at all, but it lacks real strategic depth"
,Recommended,572410,32691509,Posted: 23 June,all,Ragga,"An excellent transition from Modern Warfare to the WW2!I really like Steel Division, however there are a few things you should think about prior to purchasing.  Before I get into any reservations that one may have, lets start with the good:GOOD:+ Actually the EXCELLENT... the moving front line is by far the most INOVATIVE additon to an RTS in a very very long time!  It works very well in the fact that it forces people to move foward and not just camp at a SECTOR as in all Eugene's prior Wargames.  Not only does it make one move forward, it provides them with the opportunity to choose where!!!  Now that's novel!+  Graphics are great... the Landscape (actually designed from air reconnonace of WW2) not only provides great eye appeal, the asymetry makes for more immersion.+  BattleGroups is much better than WG.  The choices are less miniscue;  In WG there were sooooo many choices that it seemed that if you picked between a M1, M1A1, M1A2 you may be at a disadvantage... and don't even get me started with all the choices of units and carriers!!!  I sometimes spent more time in Making my army in WarGame than actually using it!  The system in SD44 is clean, easy... allows for choice, but doesn't overwhelm someone with such small varations.+  Gameplay is Fun!!!  For some it may be too slow... and for others too fast.  I like the options to adjust the time scale, however I never use it becuase it seems good to me... not a click fest, but fast enough to feel that when you need your units to move to an area they get there at a reasonable time!BAD:- The worst part, and I am bias, is multiplayer!!!  I love SD44's Multiplayer... however, being part of the VIP Beta for all WarGames... even back to RUSE... I stressed the Importance of a MATCHMAKER SYSTEM.  Many others who were part of pretesting did so for previous Eugene Games and for once Eugene said, during the ViP Beta Forums that they would consider it... eveyone jumped in and they officially said they would implement it!!!  Awesome.... but not, in conjunction to creating something they called 'Quick Play', they also resubmitted 'Ranked'  a week prior to the Open Beta which used the exact same system to pair players (side note - none were avalible for the testers and were grayed out, but many people noticed this and voiced their concern).  In addition, they still kept the Custom Game Lobbies that eveyone hated!!!  This divided the choice to 3... what we wanted was a Quick and Fair way to get a game in SD44... they tried, but implemented too much and it failed.Right now the Population is slowly shrinking... but hopefully with the summer sale it will pick up again.Final Thoughts:I really like SD44... and all I do is play MP now; typically Ranked.  I only wish they implemented the MP system better so people didn't get lost in the Custom Battles or were too scared to play Ranked.  The only problem is that if I get on and the population is low... I will probably not get a game in Ranked and will have to search Custom games with is a pain in the butt!"
76561198006625414,Not Recommended,572410,34264954,Posted: 15 August,all,I WUB PUGS,"I was a longtime Wargame and R.U.S.E. player and Steel Division was a title that really excited me. I even got access to the close ""VIP"" beta and played the hell out of it. I obviously pre-ordered to get access to the open beta and played the hell out of that too. I eagerly awaited what I presumed to be a giant patch on release day that would've fixed all of the open beta problems.The sad reality is that Steel Division has been a trainwreck from the day it released. A lot of the problems would be gone and the community would likely be thriving if the game would have had a much longer closed beta and a full-featured open beta to iron out the bugs. Eugen is not an early access developer, they have never been. They have traditionally released full-featured games with excellent support and with Red Dragon, free and paid DLC. Steel Division was not adequately tested in either beta so the release was a balance nightmare where divisions that had never been tested immediately became the meta and it was a really terrible meta at that. The patches since then have largely been targeted at trying to fix the horribly imbalanced airborne divisions. There have been various tweaks to AAA and planes and veterancy and infantry in general, all of these have to do with Airborne Divisions. Meanwhile, the rest of the game languishes.The best Allied Armored Division is the French one and it is completely ahistorical and more or less cancerous because it thrives on cheap, high-vet units with ridiculous income. The Germans can counter this spammy quick rush stuff with their own like half track and armored car spam. Couple these spam ""fast"" divisions with the airborne spam and you've got yourself a proper rush based game, except that isn't what they sold the game as at all. Good players can end a match against even competent players before Phase C ever really gets started. This makes some of the most interesting and varied decks all but useless in multiplayer. Yes, you can do a lot of work with Panzer Lehr in Phase A and B, but that's because you can spam armored cars and half tracks and then in Phase B, roll out some nice high vet Panthers, but you're still using the deck as a rush deck. What you get from this is a bunch of players fighting to grab 51% of the territory and then grinding until the clock runs out. The better players can push this further and win sooner. But all they're good at is the initial rush, which is fine, good on them, but that is not what the game was sold as. They don't have to be good at Phase C because Phase C is irrelevant.Eugen knows this, they built this into the game. They billed Phase A as a recon phase, but for some reason filled it with unicorn units like the Beute Firefly and cancerous high vet light tank and armored car spam. Phase A has nothing to do with recon, it's just ""drive fast and win the merge"".And that's just the inherently terrible design of Conquest + the Phase System + certain decks being OP in Phase A. Nevermind the fact that destruction is effectively unplayable once German heavy units start rolling out. Wehraboos talk about Ronsons needing to outnumber a Tiger or Panther 5 or 10 to 1 but you won't see that in this game. At most you'll see maybe 10 Shermans fighting 3 King Tigers. Guess who wins that? And people aren't stupid so what do you do since you can't spam Shermans all over the place? Just bomb and shell the King Tigers and ignore them with your tanks.How fun is it to get bombed and shelled all game? How fun is it to know that you really don't have a chance to kill that King Tiger with your armor because you'll never get close enough so you just sit there, bombing and shelling? It just isn't good gameplay.Nevermind the fact that you've got a terrible off-map artillery mechanic that they've tweaked twice now and it's still terrible, but rather than fix the decks that really need the off-map artillery, they just let everyone have access to it. Why not scrap this terrible mechanic and fix decks like 6th Airborne and 91st Luftlande? Eugen won't do that, they never take anything out of their games, they just waste time nerfing it over a period of years. Just ax it already.The machinegun meta is trash. The mortars are still cancerous. The MLRS is still cancerous. Plane trains are still cancerous. Availabilities are nonsensical and ahistorical. Come to think of it, really the game is just flat out ahistorical and grossly favors the German side, however, since the Allies have a couple decks that are really good at Phase A, they prevent the game from going too far to the Germans. But let's be real here. Eugen gives all German decks access to nice planes, some of them have a lot of planes which is not at all historical. Fine, that's for gameplay, I get it. But then they don't make the same adjustment for the Allies by giving them a weapon they would've used in real life had they worried about the Luftwaffe.So you see, Eugen can rationalize putting the entire complement of Jagpanthers used in Normandy because they were there in the TO&E. And then they can give the Germans a fully fledged straight out of 1940 Luftwaffe terror force because of balance and ""flavor"". But they won't give the Allies access to heavy AAA because while it was part of the TO&E of every single unit, they stopped using stuff like the 90mm because they didn't need to shoot at planes.... but instead used them as AT weapons and indirect fire. But the Allies can't have this because you know, Eugen has never given a good reason. The fact is that the 90mm AAA was there in theater and would have been deployed against this mythical Luftwaffe Eugen has put in game, but again, who cares about authenticity for all.At least when it came to the M18, Eugen admitted that they simply glossed over the fact that it was in Normandy.What you've got is a game that appears to be a slow, methodical grind that should cater to more cautious players, but the game doesn't. It is 100% about grabbing as much territory as you can early on and then sitting on your hardpoints while you constrict the rest of the map. Then you've got all these odd decisions in card allocation, pricing, availability, veterancy, it's just a mess. Even the suppression mechanic is infuriating at times. Personally, I like the penetration mechanic.........but the way they implemented it is just childish. Really Eugen? 2 six sided dice that's what you've come up with? In 2017?I'll cut this off here, but I'll say this before I do. I've played the game with several of the top 10 players, usually on their team. I am not a top 10 player, but I'm not bad, and certainly better than average, I'd even say good but not great. I feel bad for a lot of new players that come into rooms looking to survive more than 10 minutes. I come from a group of 12-15 regular Wargame: Red Dragon players (we don't play anymore) and to a man, other than myself, they basically all hated Steel Division after a few hours of playing it. There's too many hidden stats, too many tricks you have to learn, too much that goes against even layman WW2 convention that players have learned over the years. Couple these difficulties with the server instability, the return of lobby simulator, broken promises from the beta and overall just a really bad experience in most games, and I can say that this is probably the biggest flop I've ever been a part of in gaming.And this is really sad because going back to the beginning of this review, in the closed beta and the start of the open beta, it really looked like Eugen was taking community requests under advisement. They gave us several changes the community has wanted for years. They even acted like they were making really big changes based on our feedback. Since then, Eugen has gone silent. The player count has cratered and recently the servers aren't even on.The game is dead, and it won't be coming back. Not without some massive DLC that changes the fundamentals of the game."
,Recommended,572410,31938112,Posted: 24 May,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Before each battle, you have an opportunity to customise your Battlegroup, first picking a division to draw units from and then adding them to your Battlegroup with a card-based system. Each of the three countries you can play as have a number of different divisions, each with their own unique personalities and backgrounds that Eugen have researched and recreated. One German division is made up of the low morale conscripts from the Eastern Front, Polish troops fill the ranks of the Allies’ Black Division, there’s infantry divisions, paratrooper, and armoured divisions, just as you’d expect to see in Normandy 1944.Patience and attention to detail are basic requirements, as is not just knowing but caring what makes one of six different tanks or recon units different from the others. The pace is weird, sometimes slow then suddenly too fast to cope with. I don’t like to say it, but Steel Division can be hard work.But with the patience and the will to learn, Steel Division can also be exciting and absorbing. By the time the campaign had me holding off German divisions in a central village while exploring for anti-tank guns behind enemy lines, I was having a good time. Massive-scale battles with multiple tank groups rolling around the countryside, machine-gunners and bazookas garrisoned in the towns, aircraft looping and duelling overhead, makes all that strategy seem pretty cinematic. It is, as I said, a wargame, but not as dry as the usual efforts.First of all, each Steel Division battle goes through three different phases, the phases determining which units you can deploy. Your requisition point tally keeps climbing, minute by minute, but some of the most expensive and powerful units can only be brought into action in the first or second phases, and there’s always a question over whether it’s wiser to splash out on the big guns or reinforce with weaker but cheaper units.Picking your units also forces you to think about the long game and the length of battle. You’re given more resources to spend every minute, which you can pool up and spend together or dole out a little bit at a time, but the rate of resources changes through the three stages of a battle – A, B and C. Some divisions have more resources early on, others have more later on, and unit cards unlock during different phases as well, sometimes letting you redeem them multiple times. Do you want to have one tank early on, or the ability to call in two or three tanks later? Are mortars enough in the late game, or will the long range of howitzers help turn the battle? It’s a clever system that doesn’t devolve into the cheapness of card systems in some other games.Secondly, Steel Division has an active frontline; an instant, constantly shifting visualisation on the battlefield that shows exactly who’s dominating and where. In Skirmish, you get victory points for the percentage of the map you control, so the frontline isn’t just informative, but a very big deal.PROS+Impressive historical detail+Authentic maps and units+Deep and engaging strategy+Extensive Battlegroup systemCONS-Hard to get into-Heavy on the micro-managementNeutral:=Imbalances with certain unit types and between divisions=Voice overs simply put through audio bank playback=Audio sometimes not matching gunfireConclusionWhile there’s a distinct appeal to Steel Division: Normandy 44, this is a game that caters to a particular niche audience of hardcore strategy fans. Its depiction of the Second World War focuses on realism, with a reliance on ambushes and weight of fire in infantry combat and a surprising fragility to the tanks, but this difficult to master game won’t be for everyone.Verdict:4/5 Considernig that this is by the same people who made RUSE and the Wargame series: Very much yes."
,Recommended,572410,30988409,Posted: 6 April,all,[MOW] Mr.Nowak,"First off I would like to say that I recommend Steel Division even at this Open Beta state. So there you have it go and get it! To further explain why, I will review this game in 4 categories with each category getting a score out of 100.Gameplay: Steel Division shines at this department. The gameplay is neither too historical nor too arcadey. The developers have found the perfect balance of these two critical elements for a world war 2 game. The new Frontline mechanic emulates the historical situation but still gives the player tactical as well as strategical input. This system also has gameplay effects such as morale which is critical to the survival and manouvre of units. In addition in the conquest mode a point accumulation system dependant on the map control percentage slowly ticks you towards victory.The battles in the game are seperated in to three phases. The first phase is the ""Recon"" phase where the lighest units can be brought in. The second phase is the ""Skirmish"" where combat slightly intensifies and the overall battle starts shaping. Last but not least the third is the ""Battle"" phase. Not constricted by time but the points accumulated this is the heaviest of all phases in terms of combat and units brought in.There are a lot of units in SD. Right now with the 4 divisions available you can get quite the varying experience through creating unique battlegroup decks selecting which units you want within that division. Each phase has different units you can call in which means that you have to pick some sort of a sub strategy within the unique division you choose. The divisions themselves have different attributes and requisition points per phase making them unique.90/100Graphics: One really has to mention that this is the greatest scaleable rts engine out there. You can have 10v10 multiplayer battles and zoom to a building to building fight then suddenly zoom out and watch a 10km frontline being fought over fiercely. The visuals are quiet good. They are of course not the greatest compared to other games but that is beside the point. Even when you zoom in you can see your units quiet detailed.The visuals also have a certain retro style that adds to the world war 2 feel to it. Optimization wise the beta performs alright. At max the frames may dip down a little but issues like these are generally taken care of by release. Especially when specific drivers and further optimization updates come out. The Graphics options menu is quite detailed and offers a huge variety of extra selection to adjust your visuals.85/100Audio: The Audio in Steel Division is good but nothing special. The best part about it I would say is the voice overs that units provide. Battlefield effects sometimes sound a little muffled and indistinguishable but they provide for a certain atmosphere without breaking immersion. You notice some sounds could be better if you stand still and just concentrate on the audio. That being said the music is pretty good but might be a little too powerful or at the forefront for such an intense gameplay. The audio options are somewhat limited in the beta so we hope there will be more options by release.80/100Value: The game is set to a Pre-Order value of 39.99 in most countries. Which seems to be a fair price for the amount of content and replayability this game is and will be offering. 3 Unique Singleplayer Campaigns, 16 Divisions and 15 Maps will provide for a lot of gameplay time. Add in the multiplayer in the mix and most fans of RTS games are looking around 100 hours of gameplay here. As of now at the BETA the price might seem a little high since most of the content is not present but one thing is certain there is nothing like Steel Division out there and if you want to get your ww2 strategy itch scratched this is the Pre-Order BETA to buy in to!85/100--**23/04/2017 Review Update**It has been a while since the Open Beta has been released. The development team has released about an average of one patch a work day. In addition to all the bug fixes and stability improvements the first content patch dropped with a balance pass as well as giving 2 new divisions (2nd Indiahead Division and 17th SS Panzergrenadiers) and a new map (Omaha Beach).Most of what I mentioned at the initial review is still accurate. The game design allows for flowless replayability and excitement from match to match. Each division is truly unique with it's own special units and play style.The new map Omaha is really fun to play and actually renders itself pretty unique due to its layout and the huge beach next to the sea. I highly recommend checking the Open Beta out. I am fairly confident that this game is heading towards being RTS of the year."
76561198039463406,Recommended,572410,31369498,Posted: 25 April,all,Shinzou O Sasageyo,I can actually use tactics from books about real war to suprisingly good effect in this game which says alot. Also the maps are made using real aerial photographs taken of the terrain from WW2.
,Recommended,572410,32040320,Posted: 29 May,all,JaguarUSF,"The game features three single-player campaigns of four missions each; the conflicts are large in scale, but they are presented in a linear order with no grand strategy on a large map of the region as in the later Wargame titles. Skirmish games against the AI and online contests are also available. There is a good number of detailed maps that scale according to the number of players. Before each match, you must design your battlegroup, choosing units (recon, infantry, tank, anti-tank, air, anti-air, artillery, and support) based on the division you are commanding. The two new innovations of Steel Division are compelling: three phase gameplay and the frontline. Each match is divided into three phases (A, B, and C) that determine which units in your battlegroup can be called into action (typically, more numerous and more powerful units can be brought in later). This adds another layer of strategy to battlegroup deck building. The frontline is displayed on the map (and used to determine victory points), giving a rough indication of where enemy units are. This is a much more effective mechanic for determining map control than placing a command unit in an arbitrary zone. Steel Division retains much of the game mechanics of Wargame (suppression, line of sight, supply, ballistics, units automatically attacking and finding cover), but operates at a slower overall pace and is thus more accessible. The AI is a quite capable opponent and will provide a good challenge offline. Through its approachable gameplay and various innovations, and despite a lackluster campaign mode, Steel Division: Normandy 44 improves upon the formula established by the Wargame series and is a must-play World War II real-time strategy game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afNDHrK2VMc"
,Recommended,572410,33621262,Posted: 17 July,all,[WS] Von Mattstein,"Probably the best WW2 RTS I have played.When you get past the players just using cheese tactics (Really you guys are not actually good.) The tactical depth in this game is insane. Even if your enemy is using force multipliers against you, you can still out play them even against overwhelming odds by using good placement and spacings. The infantry combat is on a level not ever experienced in an RTS in my opinion.I am primarily an infantry player because against an opponent playing properly and not just spamming planes it is the most tense experience possible.Apart from the guys in 10v10 who think they help by just spawning planes with no boots on the ground, really you dont, if played correctly it is fantastic.I fear most complaints are from so called RTS gurus who are just used to rushing units in. Unlike wargame, it does not work here.The only thing I could wish for is the ability to build fortificationNice work Eugen. DLC? I want to see some early war stuff!9/10"
76561198002817574,Recommended,572410,31805685,Posted: 17 May,all,ParadoxJunkie,"I have played wargame games in the past and been mildly pleased with them but this game is fantastic.So first to warn you, this is not Coh2, this is not Sudden Strike, it is much more tactical. More mass scale, but still a lot to micro. Think 5-6 panthers supported by AT guns, infantry, and anti air vehicles, also air support you control vs. 1-2 tanks and  never really worrying about air superiority.The graphics are quite good, but to be honest you won't zoom in all the way too often, because you will be positioning your troops, calling in reinforcements, checking on your allies an what they need. To be good at this game you have to get out of the ""I am in it only for me tunnel. If you set up a good defense and are not being pushed call in a few units for your ally, or provide them air cover.The historical accuracy of the units is amazing. That being said, there is a learning curve to knowing what unit does what. Line of sight and range are key to understanding how to best use your units. Artillery is as devasting as it is in real life, so if you bunch up your units expect a kick in the teeth.Build your own deck, try it and adjust. Do not use the standard decks. Each division (8 in the beta, many more in full game) has it's own strength and weaknesses. There are some standard things you should get like a few arty, few tanks, amo trucks etc. but you need to play around and play against opponents to see where your deck is strong and weak.There are also phases, so phase A you can call in troops from your deck only with an A on the card. This makes you balance the game, because you might be able to call in planes in phase, A, but do you want to wait for phase B to get more planes etc. All chocie you have tomake based of experience int he field. I am sure there are guides to god decks, but I like making my own.Good game, but expect to have a learning curve. Awesome units, Nebel 42's that decimate cities, Priests that lay down fire from across the map, P51 D mustangs Spitfire, FW 190'S you name it all at your disposal."
76561198094684731,Recommended,572410,31035785,Posted: 9 April,all,Matt,"If you liked Wargame or Company of Heores you'll love Steel Division; the game incorporates some of the best aspects of both. Company Of Heroes' dynamic cover and line of sight systems with Wargame's supply and logistics, camera and zoom, and unit 'deck builder'.I wouldn't pre-purchase for the beta unless you're familiar with Wargame though, as there currently is no tutorial, but the game does play very very similarly to wargame."
,Recommended,572410,31035149,Posted: 9 April,all,[Jager]Cannon Fodder,“You must understand that there is more than one path to the top of the mountain”
76561198018319245,Recommended,572410,31755126,Posted: 14 May,all,DoomDutch,"Review goes for the Beta:As a veteran of RTS games, I was delighted to hear there was a Wargame like game comming out, set in the WWII.After preparing myself with information and other reviews, I decided to buy this game and witness it for myself, and God, it's great!Players who have played any Wargame will feel at home here, and others who have other RTS experiances, will not find it hard to adjust.A problem could lay for newcommers to RTS game, though it should be easier to learn than harder games like the Men of War series.The beta itself is solid, stable gameplay and servers, together with enough content to keep one busy until the full version is released.The game is constantly being updated and the factions/diviions balanced, it's clear this game is on full speed, development wise."
76561197969907665,Recommended,572410,31932911,Posted: 24 May,all,Sir Snipeington,"Disclaimer: I love wargame but...First off, this is quite similar as Wargame, but not really. It's MUCH easier to get into as you don't have to research for a long time what everything means on a units statcard and what the speciality is for every faction.It's also much slower and better structured than wargame because it introduces phases. Games are divided into 3 Phases A / B / C  whereas in A you can field only relatively basic units and in C the heavy stuff hopefully is rolling out to victory, so contrary to Wargame you can't field your best unit right away, you have to hold your ground before you can bring that shiny king tiger to the field, and that can be quite a challenge in itself as heavy armor divisions for instance tend to be weak in early phases - because every division has a fixed but diffrerent income each phase. This gives those famous units much more weight and meaning than just the culmination of their stats.For instance the French sport much more income than the allied tank division in Phase A making them superb to take ALOT of ground early but they struggle holding their ground against the heavy tank divisions in later stages. This leads to interesting choices especially in multiplayer as the balance of power constantly shifts and you have to adapt. You can't just take all heavy armor divisions and hope to hold your ground against strong infantrydivisions as it could mean you're not even going to see the Phase where you're strong at.These are interesting design choices coupled with a streamlined system of damage: your tanks are either alive or dead, no partial damage. Your Panther can absolutely die to a silly sherman round but it's just not very likely. I was skeptical of this first but it leads to epic moments, taking down that King Tiger that proofed to be invincible for so long is a feeling to be remembered - you still get rewarded for working these probabilities but it never feels unfair. On top of that system you have the supression mechanic which works on vehicles as well, a tank crew is not getting phased by a few MG42 bullets but it definitely starts to question their choices of profession once the 10th shell of AT guns bounced off their chassis rendering them useless and retreating.Another point that not alot of people note is the speed of the game, it's rather slow (but not relaxing, dont be fooled). You're constantly busy moving the slugish frontline to get more area under your control while the enemy does the same but you have time to do your decisions, noone will outdo you because they click faster. It makes sense to learn some useful hotkeys but essentially it's your fault if you lose a tank because you just moved it into reach of that pesky AT gun the enemey silently moved up. The lack of air deployable troops and that you can't just walk past an enemies front without them noticing focuses the game brilliantly on the frontline and nowhere else. (You still have a ton of options to use artillery, planes, tanks, infantry, mech troops in any way you like, but an army is no covert ops operation)You almost never get frustrated with the controls, it's all about what and how you do it. There's very few games that do this well and Steel Division is one of them (and probably one of the best) because it's far less crowded than Wargame, individual units actually mean something here, by the time you see 4 Tanks pushing on a frontline with infantry it's probably already over.It's also notable that the airgame in this seems to work much better than in wargame, planes fill a vital role and str hard to take down but you dont need to apply nifty tricks like in wargame to make them work. Their (slower) speed also seems to fit their realworld counterparts, they do exactly what they are supposed to but dont win wars alone.I wholeheartedly recommend this game in it's current state, it is a fantastic RTS and lives right now in my Top 3 of RTS easily, it's THAT good for either newcomers and veterans alike."
,Recommended,572410,32308752,Posted: 9 June,all,Wulfburk,"This game is the best thing that has happened to.. .ww2 games since Hidden & Dangerous 2. (and the mod forgotten hope 2 IMO). it is also way better than Wargame Red Dragon in my opinion!The graphics are good, and the scale of the game, maps, units, etc, is terrific.But most importantly, i really love the combat. It feels realistic, and the way it flows with combined arms is awesome. Also, unlike some other ww2 rts in this game you are always at the edge of your seat, be at singleplayer against a VERY GOOD AI or on multiplayer, precisely because of the way all units can easily see their demise and due to the several amount of unit types. In this game you cant just make a 17 pounder and 1 infantry section and lock down a whole sector for a good amount of time, specially because of the importance of air superiority and artilery.Also, 18 divisions, that is A LOT. Kudos for the devs for doing it, and trying their best to follow the historical dispositions of them!Been playing with the 15 scottish divsion mostly. My god i love the churchill crocodile.Only issues i have is with some balance. The Guards Armoured division is specifically weaker than pretty much all others.  And the campaigns have few missions on them, 4 for each campaign. (with 3 campaigns, british german and american)."
76561198029704499,Recommended,572410,31975090,Posted: 26 May,all,tora75,"Great game. Not a huge fan of RTS, but did like the original COH. This is what COH2 should have been. The smaller scale (divisions) doesn't take away from the feeling of a grand battle. I also like that there is actually more importance in controlling roads, towns, and creating choke points.For single-player folks, you have the ability to slow it down to what amounts to a pause and reconfigure your tactics or zoom in and enjoy the carnage.I'll update the review later, but can say that this game is pretty solid. Can't wait for the modding community to get a hold of this game to add more flavor. I'll be spending time with this title for a long time.------------------------------------------------------------------------update 1-----------------------------------------------------------------------28 hours in and still loving it (I'm only on mission three in the US solo campaign).If you watch vids online or read through the guides, I'm sure you'll get through these missions quicker, but I chose to go it the old school way and actually play the game. It's taken me a little bit of time to learn the hot keys (line of sight, rate of fire, speed, range) are all really important and it's intuitive to learn if you play for a couple of hours.The missions are scripted for the most part, but the AI will throw occassional curveballs. Even with the scripted missions, it still takes strategy and planning your battlegroups out in order to be successful.I've replayed the first two missions several times (I'm on standard difficulty- honestly, I haven't bothered to change it, because it feels really balanced, challenging and satisfying when you finally beat a mission.I've been playing strategy games for over twenty years, but am new to games from this dev. So while not completely a newb, it took a few hours to really appreciate the mechanics.Is it worth forty bucks? For me, yes. There's several missions and additional campaigns to complete, and I haven't even messed around with skirmish or multiplayer yet. I've already logged plenty of time to feel like it was worth the price for me.One small gripe: I wish there was some sort of carry-over of unit experience or their stats (kill counts) from mission to mission in a campaign. Kudos for tracking stats for each mission, but wish the aforementioned features were implemented. I'm sure balance was an issue with such a system, but even if they carried over kill count, it would have made me happy. Still a good game,  but hope something like this is implemented or made available via modding."
,Recommended,572410,32003978,Posted: 27 May,all,Killin_Kilo,Great game so far and worth a buy for any RTS/WWII lover. I feel like the default speed is too fast and should be slowed down by maybe 25% to feel more natural. Speed matters far more than strategy here. Should be balanced to be a little more equal. someone who quickly zergs a map with AI type speed should be able to meet his equal on the battlefield with someone slower and more stratigic. Adjustable multiplayer speed should be a feature should all parties agree to it going into a match. Aside from my personal speed gripe the game is well worth it! go buy it!
76561198014227166,Recommended,572410,31180984,Posted: 16 April,all,Face of Insanity,"so my review, well I'll tell you a story...>Create my ultra god mode german panzer deck>deck is op as trumps hair>jump into random multiplayer match>throw out some early light vehicles and infantry>game starts team mates do same mix of everything>i cruz along holding road points, mates rush in to take high ground>allies infantry rush>NOTHING BUT INFANTRY ALL OVER THE MAP>shockandawe.jpeg when team mates getting knocked the ♥♥♥♥ out and im left holding what i can>realization i dont have much for the start of A phase and most of my stuff is in B phase>Doing best i can with team mates to hold the line, pushed back to 25% of map>holding fast at 25% making small pushes with vehicles were i can to knock out the waves of infantry>B PHASE STARTS>PANZER WAVES ENSUE>allied infantry hold out in buildings and bushes>push back is slow but allies now getting worn out>Me and team mates keep up the panzers and scout vehicles push to hammer as much as we can>C Phase begins, nightmares ensues>Allies ground attacker aircraft spam>pull panzers and spam as much AA as i can, eam mates end up doing same>allies with tanks now start pushing again>hold em off picking off what we can were we can>out rolls secret weapons, ZE PANTHERZ>really start hitting allies back>finally push them over 50% mark on map>allies start pulling back to hold better positions with arty cover>start putting out hummels to shell enemy arty, also finally get air control pulling out planes to hit targets were i can>finally pushed allies over he 25% mark, they be routing>match ends when we kill everything they have left>my face when find out the 4guys playing allied are on teamspeak and me and my team mates just some randoms:Ithis is a great game, the phase system makes battle planning and deck construction which is very important to play styles, with out consticting much of the game, allowing for early rushes and smart defence.imho plays better then airland battle (would say red dragon rising but that has ships and this dosnt).9999/10"
,Recommended,572410,31062274,Posted: 10 April,all,JERry,"When I hear my troops say ""I hear there were tigers in this area""Oh God please don't be a Tiger II"
76561198045085597,Not Recommended,572410,31615176,Posted: 7 May,all,Bravo,"Honestly, as of right now there are too many issues with the game to even consider recommending - and these go beyond the 'It's a beta', especially when judging the game against past Eugen releases. I remember when we were repeatedly promised in Red Dragon's beta that naval combat would be improved - it is still to this day terrible.Beyond the glitches and the overwhelmingly poor balancing that Eugen has always had (and I'm not referring to balancing between factions, but rather balancing between units) currently the game can be described as a campfest; the maps whilst ""historical"" lack hills or altitude alterations of any substantial (if any) amount, meaning everything is just a flat field with a few clumps of trees interupting - this means that the already 'bad' terrain of Normandy is even worse; the only barriers to long ranged fire are the aforementioned clumps of trees and the occassional town. This means infantry are essentially target practice, something only accentuated by the limited quantities of infantry you can deploy when compared to tanks (to put it another way, you can get considerably more than 30 tanks onto the field at once with an armoured deck, whereas you'll be struggling to field more than a few hundred infantry, unless you're spamming the militia equivalent).The terrain issues add another ridiculous element - in open combat, only expensive tanks are useful, in the twisting bocage areas, only cheap tanks are useful, because cheap tanks can knock out frontally virtually all tanks, and setting up ambushes to deal with the only tanks that are immune to point blank fire are worth 300 pts and can just as easily be killed by flanking hits. Eugen appears to have taken the ~100m range penetration values, and then put that as the ~1km range penetration, with extra penetration gained per 100m closer to it than maximum range you are. This means you get ridiculous occurances like M8 scout cars knocking out Panthers frontally. Conversely, as certain tanks have total dominance at long range, it is impossible to advance across open field against them - meaning again, huge numbers of cheap units are better than middle quality units.Then you have the bizarre balancing decision with planes and AA. AA is poor at killing air units, and the bigger the AA the worse it gets; they are however excellent at suppressing ground units, meaning for some absurd reason, planes are currently the best means to deal with annoying AA pieces; unless they're armoured. Because planes do absurdly limited damage to armoured units; even when those armoured units are vehicles like scout cars. Eugen apparently missed the point in the history books where air forces were destroying tanks - as even direct hits from heavy bombs and artillery will be shrugged off by tanks with a brief period of 'panicking'.Which brings me onto the panicking mechanic - you will lose control of the unit which will then 'retreat', unless it's a vehicle and is disabled, at which point it will just sit there under heavy fire until it unpanics, which it won't because it's under fire. Units will also 'retreat' into enemy positions, because apparently being shot at by a tank on your right makes you forget there was a tank only 2 seconds previously shooting at you from your left, and makes you run at that tank. Whilst problematic in general this comes to head when tanks are hit by a flanking hit - they will turn and reverse away from whatever hit them, meaning that they will now retreat along the length of a frontline (for a fairly considerable amount of time I should add) getting shot at by a dozen enemy guns that previously wouldn't hurt them, but now can penetrate their sides easily. Involving the same mechanic, infantry and gun positions will sit under fire, refusing to return fire but also refusing to withdraw to a safe position meaning unless you have a means to panic whatever is shooting at them, they will stay there until dead.In addition to all of the above there are issues with the core of the game - the UI is clunky (unlikely to change), the Battlegroups management somehow succeeds at being worse than Wargame's and is even more cluttered than before, there is far less variety than there could and should be in regards to infantry (many formations are obsolete, most divisions lack access to more than a single form of infantry transport), along with a number of lacking areas in vehicles and other units, planes are arbitrarily equipped (often poorly; much like Wargame's) and the graphics are rather flawed. Controls, whilst not particularly inferior to their predecessor games, are awkward, and often units will go to the wrong positions, particularly noticeable when trying to send infantry into tree lines (where they will randomly walk part of the way out) this is a 'feature' that has existed in Wargame for some time, so I expect no fix.There are other issues, but the fact that some of the above will never be fixed means the game is already looking to have a short life expectancy, Wargame: Red Dragon is by far more enjoyable as it currently stands and I've seen nothing to indicate that my opinion of the game will change; in the event it does I will revisit this review and alter it.POST LAUNCH UPDATE:So in addition to the above there are a number of other issues that have now come to the forefront:Single player: The campaigns are trivially easy (out of the 8 missions I did, I ""struggled"" only on one of them, which was because the game told me x, y and z would be important and it turned out I had no need of them, I failed by a narrow margin; second attempt I wiped the floor with the AI.) The AI is the same dumb as a fork AI as was in Wargame, with the specific exception that it no longer appears to map-hack and counter build as much as it did in Wargame. The result is a mess where the AI will human wave assault a defensive position until it runs out of troops and the player wins the match. ALL 8 campaign missions ended up devolving into this form of combat.Multiplayer: The servers weren't exactly the most stable thing ever in the Beta, however there now appears to be a critical issue with them whereby they fail and kick everyone off the server (with the somewhat ludicrous message of ""your computer seems to be too slow"": yes, because everyone in the match went from fine to DCing in 10 seconds flat but it's an individual computer rather than the server that is at fault.They've also added a feature where a medium AI takes over from quitters - but see the ""dumb as a fork"" remarks I made earlier - the AI just suicides over and over again on human players - prior to my DC I was facing an AI that was doing an infantry charge over open terrain against dug in MGs and tanks.... in destruction mode. The result was a moderate lead to my team turning into an overwhelming lead (I killed over a thousand points in a few minutes of the AI pushing me). This, as could be expected, made more people quit. Leading to other players inflicting similar annihilations. Eugen should never have implemented an AI that just suicidally attacks to replace the quitters."
76561198015604040,Recommended,572410,31115708,Posted: 13 April,all,[H1N1] DALLAS,Well as a 36 years old pc gamer and rts veteran i can say i love this game!
76561198018132631,Recommended,572410,31604700,Posted: 7 May,all,DukeofCarniola,"Pros:-a deep and perfected strategy game like it's wargame predeccesors, while still feeling fresh-responsive, logical-great graphics, detailed models-balance betwen fun, realism and competition-plenty of content to look forward to-divisions offer many playstiles through customisationCons (subject to change obviously:-sound is not great and glitchy-not much content for now (couple of maps, couple of divisions)-balancing issues-Eugen playing it safe with limiting the game to Normandy-you can fully enjoy the game cinematicly olny in replays-(personal) sad to see infantry still invisible inside buildings, everything glowing red in bushes"
,Not Recommended,572410,35088715,Posted: 20 September,all,Ruhollah Jomeini,"Having played this game since the beta and played other games of the franchise like WarGame: Red Dragon, I am pretty dissapointed with how the development of the game has been carried out.The Beta test, which it should have been used to test all division and apply the appropriate balancing was used to lure people to buy the game early to get access to the Beta and start playing the game. Eugen decided not to release all divisions during the Beta to keep the suspense. The fullgame was eventually released and massive balancing issues surged, for example: Fallschirmjäger infantry being way too powerful and numerous having no Allied match-up, the Panzer-Lehr division with Kingtigers that turned out to be invincible since the Allies have nothing to penetrate the armor unless a lucky shot from the side (even if you kill one, you can have up to 5 Kingtigers per deck), the Scots Infantry Division with the Centurion AVRE in Phase A with an armor stronger than Mithril etc...Developers ignored all the players request on the forums and carried outveeeery slowpatches, almost one per month and a half. I can even dare to say that developers lied to the community about a lot of content, like for example the Spanish text localisation that never happened, or the 'new' maps that turned out to be the same flaps but flipped around.ConclusionWhen you have incompetetent developers that patch the game every now and then with little no to improvement to the game and lie to the community, you get a completely dead game. There's barely more than 300 players online every day. The multiplayer queue is endless since no one is playing, so overall, Steam should rename this title to Lobby Simulator: Normandy 44"
76561198070298817,Recommended,572410,31002876,Posted: 7 April,all,OKNOTOK,"The game is fantastic, has a 'deck' system which you can full customize with all avaliable units to a country, the country you play depends on the commander you choose which are all real life people.Combat itself is engaging producing battles which feel as if they could have taken place, also helpful by the fact the maps are realistic as they are based on aerial reconnisiance of normandy in 1944. Having said this, they need a greater map pool which will allow even more tactics. But judging on the screenshots from the shop, they will come in time so no problem there. They estimate there are over 400 units which you can choose from which keeps the game and combat fresh, has a nice counter system to via the obvious methods of anti tank > tank, mortars > anti tank ect...Graphics, contray to popular belief are reasonable, people on reviews have been complaining a lot and I believe they are just apart of a 'hate hype'. Ok, they are not the greatest, but they are there and graphics isnt really the deciding factor in a game such as this. The games graphics is comparable to a game such as COH.If you are a fan of WW2 or RTS, pick it up."
76561197983108525,Not Recommended,572410,34368545,Posted: 20 August,all,Edgar Lindner,"This game is great! And yet I give it thumbs down. Why?The game uses good game mechanics. Choosing your battlegroup is fantastic. The battle itself feels great and in my opinion looks great as well.The major downfall of the game however is it's lack of variety and the many opportunities that have been lost. There is so much potential in the game mechanics but they are barely being used. The game could offer an epic campaign possibly even in cooperative mode. What we got however  seems like a campaign that was developed last minute in order to promote it as a single player game as well and to justify the full price tag.It's not that the campaign missions are too hard. Yes, they are hard but they're also annoying as hell. Being forced to micromanage at several frontlines at the same time is just no fun under pressure of timers. It becomes tedious work and the only way to manage it is to slow down time which makes the whole concept of a real time strategy game absurd.Then there is the lack of variety in maps. Almost every map feels and looks the same. I understand that this is the landscape in Normandy however maybe that was a bad decision by the development team to call the the game Normandy 44.This point of criticism however could have been avoided by allowing modders to create their own maps. I suppose they will be coming as paid DLC. And from what I have read the modability of this game seems to be pretty complicated as well.I have not played that much multiplayer. I kind of enjoyed the Co-operative side but when I did play multiplayer it seemed plagued by connectivity issues.In conclusion and to put it in a simple sentence to review the game:Great concepts, great game mechanics but very very poor execution by the developers when it comes to the actual game."
76561198007343630,Recommended,572410,31971949,Posted: 26 May,all,cgeorgan,"I've been a Wargame series fanatic ever since the release of European Escalation.If that describes you, then you need to buy Steel Division:  Normandy 44.  It's that simple.Eugen has teamed with Paradox to bring back almost everything you loved about Wargame, except this time set in a WW2 timeframe.There's enough ""newness"" to this game to give even a veteran Wargamer a learning curve...I probably spent the first 30 hours or so re-learning the particular dynamics of this new game.  The three-phase battle sequence is the biggest and most interesting, IMHO.  The damage model has been revamped - no longer can you pull units back for repair and resupply...once your unit is damaged, that's it.  Anti-tank warfare is another big change...you'll need to scout lines of sight, shepherd your guns, and guard strategic crossroads.  Which reminds me - roads are key.  Travel across open land in this new iteration is painstakingly slow, making crossroad control vital.AI is improved as well - especially when it comes to probing and exploiting weak points in your line.  I would skirmish the Red Dragon AI on ""Very Hard"" and win consistently with a variety of decks and approaches.  I struggled to get past ""Medium"" AI for quite some time in this game.All in all, a must-have for fans of the Wargame series.  Money well spent."
76561197971261510,Not Recommended,572410,33780736,Posted: 24 July,all,Toddly53,"I've played titles from the Wargame series before and Steel Division feels like a step backward. The two game modes (territory control and enemy unit destruction) feel limited. Why not have a mode where I have to capture a certain location? Why not allow a skirmish mode where I can set the AI to defensive? There's essentially one game mode with a bunch of skirmish maps that are all very similar.Combat feels chaotic, almost like it would be a waste of time to manage my units. Instead, I end up just spamming units in the direction that I need units. I'd like to do things like place smoke, flank, coordinate my infantry, etc but I can't reach that level of micromanagement because I'm just spamming units onto the field, even at slow gameplay speeds. I realize some people enjoy that style of combat, but if you're like me, and you enjoy plotting and executing your moves, then I wouldn't recommend the game."
,Recommended,572410,31299840,Posted: 22 April,all,Eric Cartman,"I have been pleasantly surprised with this game. I loved RUSE on the PS3, but didn't care for Wargame at all. Just didn't enjoy it one bit. Still decided to get this cause it looked awesome and, well, it certainly is! Even though it currently only has 3 maps (Several different sizes of playable area for each map though. 1v1 for example takes part on only a small part of the entire map, while 2v2 get's a bigger playable area etc), it already is highly addicting. I believe the final game will have 19 maps, don't quote me on that though. The frontline system is a great idea and performance is quite good.Definitely recommended if you're into strategy gaming!"
,Recommended,572410,30972237,Posted: 5 April,all,the_eng,"Beta test review..So, it's different a bit from the classic wargame. The main difference is the new battle line (or front line). I found the idea to be good. you need to push forward and hold the line. this is new mechanics. the interface is different and needs sometime to get used to. The pre-launch orders is a very welcome change.I can say the AI is better than Wargame, it uses various types of wepons and seems to be reactive to the dynamics of the battle.Overall, I would recommend it for all wargame fans.I can imagine it will be another money sucking game!"
,Recommended,572410,31046627,Posted: 9 April,all,Challenger,"This game is already pretty good even in this Beta stage where there are a lot of units/maps/etc. missing. There are some issues and balancing problems, but this has the potential to be the Wargame-like WWII era RTS that many have been waiting for.Pros-WWII-Historically modeled units/terrain-Voice acting is decent-Maps (the two that we have so far) are large and scale nicely-Battlegroups (replacing the decks) are pretty cool - they maybe add a tad of historical relevency to the deck you choose to play which is cool for teh nerds-Somewhere between RUSE/WargameMeh-Frontline is visually annoying sometimes and I forget it is there other times-*because of above* So much for sneaking up a flank (the magic line moves and your enemy knows you're coming)-Plane combat is a weird meta right now. They're pretty unbalanced although the recon planes are a nice addition-Graphics are starting to feel dated (on par with WG at best)-Not sure about the battle phases yet - I find myself just counting down the seconds until phase B when the game sort of actually starts-Sounds leave something to be desired-Off map support is pretty OPCons (I know these will get ironed out - it is a beta, but they are still worth noting to make an informed decision when deciding to purchase)-Allied AI is WAY OP right now. I easily crush the Germans every time and stuggle to beat the allies even on medium. GL against Hards-Stability issues (game crashes somewhat frequently)-Some graphical design is pretty gross - esp the trails on the tank roundsAll in all - this is a decent game as is and will get better over time. I have high hopes for the official release and the devs have demonstrated they will continue to improve/balance/add good content over time as they did with their other titles Worth the $40 even if you've never played WG before."
76561197983591258,Recommended,572410,32279124,Posted: 8 June,all,Kumquat,"I've been obsessed with this game since it came out. It's amazingly good. I'm not typically a RTS fan, but this one is a little more manageable, it's less about my inability to micro and more about fire lanes, positioning, and what units support each other well. There are many different viable strategies, many ""decks"" that allow you to customize your force, and a unique flavor that's unlike anything I've played before. I LOVE IT."
76561198022354332,Recommended,572410,31517536,Posted: 2 May,all,RadWizard,"If you played the greatest game of all time ""World In Conflict"" and you liked playing Infantry, then this game is similar on that level. Lots and lots of Infantry. The look over all is RUSE and Red Dragon mixed together as it's skin with WIC as its bones, yet set in WW2. Although, in the BETA I haven't seen anything regarding TA ""Tactical Aid"", the closest I've seen is a lame unit that can call in artilry strikes from off the map, and can only be done 3 times, then the unit is finished and just a meat sheild. Honestly, it is weak and disappointing unit. You can make decks for your army just like in Red Dragon. The game zooms in and out of the battle field just like RUSE. When it comes to battles, the immense amount of micro need to control everything takes some learning, just like WIC. Also the view range is like WIC for line of site. I think you press C instead of Alt. Also, finally, infantry can garrison buildings. Playing Infantry in this game takes me back to the good ole days of WIC.  I give this game a 7/10. I'm looking forward to future releases that will involve more modern warfare, and possibly with some TA and maybe even a nice City map like SEATTLE! Not worth $60 for Beta access. That was a complete waste of money. Not worth $39.99 either. Wait for this game to go on sale so you can purchase it cheaper. Although completely worth having in your manifest if you are an RTS/RTT consumer."
,Not Recommended,572410,34467830,Posted: 24 August,all,Coma Berenices,"1) very poor matchmaking, zero improvement from wargame, beginners are matched vs advanced players regularly2) poor game optimization3) there's just something wrong about this cartoon graphics4) balance5) not intuitive units movement or casualties (f.e. tank shooting from main cannon at infantry dealing zero damage, wtf)only pros are line of sight, and stacking orders during deployment phase, nothing morep.s.yes, I am familiar with franchise, got 1300 hrs in wg rd alone"
,Recommended,572410,31922020,Posted: 23 May,all,whispa,"This is a great addition to strategic and tactical WW2 games. It has a lot of depth to it and offers a variety of ways to go about playing. The decks offer aggressive, defensive and a bit of both play style. Really enjoying it and highly recommend it! I played the Company of Heroes series and other RTS games, and this one has a worthy spot among the top RTS games. Well d one Eugen and Paradox!"
76561198123750698,Not Recommended,572410,32017329,Posted: 28 May,all,SOAR_Lt_Titan,"The game was so much fun until the recent balance patch which made the German team a little too weak imo, especially with un necassary infantry nerfs. I will be changing this review to postive once they fix it. Id say they will fix it, as they have no choice, since the recent update has lowered the player population to around 400."
76561198037336600,Not Recommended,572410,31103286,Posted: 12 April,all,uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,"Went in with very high hopes for this game but was honestly really dissapointed. I played wargame red dragon a lot and enjoyed it greatly, but this game doesent feel the same at all. Im aware that it doesent have to feel the same to be a good game, but just as a strategy game it was not particularly good (I play a lot of strategy games). I know it is early access but minus some unit and map variety this is pretty representative of what the final game is going to be like. Im just gonna list a bunch of points of how I feel about it. If you disagree comment on here or add me- The four deck commanders they have availible feel extremely linear in terms of what you can choose. You might as well click autofill and roll out because you either have an infantry focused deck or an armor deck and thats pretty much it. A few categories have more variety like planes and support but otherwise I never felt like I was sacraficing anything in order to get a unit I wanted.- Transport system could have been done better. Transports without weapons just disapear because I guess they have no more use. Otherwise they stay and become fire support / suppressors. Going back to the deck building aspect troops pretty much just give you one or maybe 2 transport options, and ussually just one with the armor decks. Sometimes if you shoot a transport everyone instantly dies and othertimes everyone just gets out completely fine. Im guessing its because in some cases the transport was only disabled so everyone just gets out and othertimes it blows up but I dont know.- The entire game is pretty much based around the panick level of troops. To be fair panick was extremely important in the other Wargames as well, but unit training and higher end units could handle it better and still fight. In this game as soon as your red bar fills up past half you basically turn into advanced fodder. Not only that, literally anything can panic something. Missed shots against the front of a Sherman jumbo with 21 front armor from a Panzer with an AP value of 14? Full retreat. Also since tanks cannot hide anywhere you can pretty much assure that the 81mm mortar will permenantly panick your tank while the enemy picks off your useless infantry.- The phases system of the game does not really work that well. Phase C doesent mean you have more advanced units it essentially means spam of Phase B units. Phase A is just recon, arty, and anti tank guns.- The frontline system is good, but does kinda of remove any sort of flanking/stealth from the game. On the map that is availible, sneaking infantry around the side of the maps is extremely hard, and even if you do if your infantry arent paratroopers they will panick when behind enemy lines.- Ranges are weird and the scalings of stuff is annoying. Lines of trees that appear to have around 14 trees in them are literally 500m long. Infantry AT weapons are a joke. Even if you sneak into the forest and try to ambush a tank the 150-250m ranges on the AT weapon mean that unless the tank is glitched into the woods you will be out of range. So you then move your infantry out of the woods to shoot the tank, and the tank instantly panicks your troops by missing a shot with its main gun and shooting at them with an mg.- Infantry combat feels awful. It comes down to who gets panicked faster. The fights either end instantly as one slightly more trained squad massacres another one because it panicked it, or nobody dies becasue both squads are panicked and the sound effects and tracer rounds you see and hear are just morale support. Some units have frag grenades which instantly level buildings and one shot entire infantry squads.This is just kind of rambling at this point but to summarize: the game feels clunky and I didnt enjoy it."
76561197997794666,Recommended,572410,31505133,Posted: 2 May,all,Tikigod,"Great game so far.  I wasn't sure about purchasing this until a complete release was out.  Price is extemely steep for a beta release.  I was reading many of the negative reviews from fans critical to wargame series.  I  kept watching streams on twitch.tv and figured I would give it a try to see both good and bad.  Like everyone else, I have been waiting for a good WW2 version of Wargame series.The beta release is alot of fun so far.  It appears there will be a campaign, and lots of maps to fight on (currently many are greyed out in skirmish mode).  I like customizing and saving battlegroups or letting the computer randomize them at begining of skirmish mode.  There are lots of different variations to start off with that mix up each game.I like the look and feel of the game so far.  Graphics are really nice in ultra settings. The graphics and effects are alot better in game then what I have been seeing streamed in twitch.tv.  So, I was kinda impressed once I was in game.  You can also move in 360 view (which I wasn't sure from alot of footage if it was possible)  It does have look and feel like the wargame series.  The fighting feels very authentic.  I like how units feel when they fight, get hit, or break apart.  There is alot of attention to detal.  I have been reading alot about balance and too much AA not taking down aircraft....but, I haven't seen it too bad.  It looks and feels fine.The only thing I hope gets improved is path finding on the maps.  Sometimes its hard to move a unit from one side of street to the other....large movements are ok....but, moving units to specific spots to point at specific directions at eye level, could use some improvement.  Example, I had some tanks constantly driving into fences/walls to avoid grass in the street or couldn't move tank across the street because it didn't like a certain spot or hit area in road...again from grass or whatever the object it sees as being an issue, kept preventing the precise movement I was trying to make.I am very happy with the purchase.  Game has been alot of fun.  Highly recommend for Wargame and WW2 fans."
,Recommended,572410,32113281,Posted: 1 June,all,FatherDagon,"A most excellent game!disclaimer: I play mostly PvP and not so much against the AIPROS:The graphics are good.The maps are awesome with incredible detail.It is really cool that you can seamlessly zoom in to see details on individual units and then just as quick get a birdseye view of the battlefield.The pace is slow compared to other games in the Wargame series, but I like it as it allows you some time to consider your moves.There is a great selection and variety of units and decks on both the Axis and Allied sides, and the devs are doing a pretty good job at balancing them.NO base building! Instead build your deck before the battle.This brings along another dimension to the game where you want to optimise your decks for different maps, situations, and teams.Micromanagment is important, but the difference to other RTS is that you rarely need to activate special skills for units. It is more down to how you manage your individual units to utilise them best.Realism is goodIt is also a game with a learning curve. However it is very rewarding once you start to understand how to use your troops.CONS:The main and perhaps only downside right now is that there is no single way of getting multiplayer match.You can do custom games in lobbies with pre-arranged teams and mapsor you can do quickplay/ranked in teams or single playerThis means that it can take some time to get a match in quickplay/ranked or you have to setup a custom game.The Devs have stated that they are working on improving matchmaking though."
76561198158375987,Recommended,572410,31536546,Posted: 3 May,all,TiSC,"I'm not a huge fan of the Wargame franchise but Steel Division has the potential to hook me up for a long time.I liked the fast paced gameplay of World in Conflict but it lacked this ""reality"" feeling that Wargame had.Steel Division does a great job at bringing these two world together.Its a deep strategy game with a lot of things to learn (View range mechanism, decks variety, unit synergy, etc...), but with a very simple basis, the frontline system, that helps beginners like me jump into the fray quickly and enjoy it.The only real thing needed now is a good matchmaking system. The competitive potential is here, and it might prevent the classic noob stomp that chase people away from custom multiplayer. Its 2017 guys."
,Recommended,572410,31250180,Posted: 19 April,all,GeneralTR3Y,This game isnt even fully out yet...but its just amazing and fun. Once you learn the basics you feel like you are a general in a massive war on the front lines.... Also the new update they did today added more divisions and units also a map too and its just amazing. I caint wait to see the full game with all the maps and units!!!!! And its just a freaking BETA!  10/10 lol.
76561198022902802,Recommended,572410,31003314,Posted: 7 April,all,olivermeng,"This is a review based on 10 hours game play of the beta version.If you like R.U.S.E. but feel Wargame is too hard, Steel Division is the right game to play.A successful hybrid of R.U.S.E. and WargamePersonally I enjoy the arcade-like style of R.U.S.E. more than the realistic hardcore style of wargame series. This game borrows a few excellent ideas from R.U.S.E. like the 1939 (phase A), 1942 (phase B), 1945(phase C) era evolving system. The three phases make this game more like a traditional tech-hierarchy based RTS. Phase A is the most important. It decides your initiative and income for the first 10 minutes. Remember to bring enough phase A units in a pvp game.I love the new line of sight (LOS) indicator. You may check the LOS at every spot on the map. The distance is also displayed. In Wargame you have to use the force-to-attack button to measure the LOS.Overall, units are very hard to kill. Infantry in a building is especially hard to kill. It may take a couple of tanks and several HMGs two minutes or so to kill it. Axis tanks have heavy armors in the front. They may take 3~4 shots from the same era US tanks without retreating. With only a couple of AA you'll never kill a hit-and-evacuate bomber. So hitting the flank is probably the best strategy.The logistics is much easier to handle with compared to Wargame. Troops do have limited ammo, but they don't consume fuels. The supply one truck can bring is more abundant than the cargo in Wargame.The front-line mechanism is very interesting. The commanding unit plays a role of boosting the troop's morale near the front line instead of taking over a sector. The front-line is one kine of troop density indicator. For now, I don't see how to attack in a stealthy way. Probably special units that don't affect the front line will be added. Units behind the enemy line take more pressure and tend to surrender. So attacking the flank and surrounding the heavily defended area is usually more efficient.The design of Air gameplay really needs to be improvedThere are just too few airplane models and too few available airplanes. No paratroopers. No heavy fighters like Me262. No heavy bombers like B-25. Even the Ju-88 feels like a light bomber. Hope Eugene has the plan of adding new airplanes and making the air fight more interesting. A heavy fighter escorted carpet bombing by B-25 is something I'd love to see. Massive paratrooping to towns and forests behind the enemy line is very exciting.Still no unit activation hotkeys and airplane hotkeys.This is a problem succeeded from the Wargame. The front-line tank, infantry and mortors require a lot of micro managements. Moving mouse to the screen corner is always a hassle for me."
,Not Recommended,572410,32015651,Posted: 28 May,all,naizarak,"too many issues unresolved from wargame series- no matchmaking- laggy p2p connections, no dedicated servers for standard games- no quitter penalties- underwhelming campaign with painfully mediocre presentationshame because the gameplay itself is excellent, devs just can't be bothered to fix these simple quality of life problems"
,Recommended,572410,30968802,Posted: 5 April,all,h̏į́ͬ4̻͑͜1ͣ̚ͅ0̡̀̈́0̻͚̂0̷̞͛,"Game seems quite goodAircraft seem to suck with anti tank aircraft struggle at killing tanks, recon does fine, fighters tend to miss alot of shots, bombers are mehInfantry is goodTanks seem good but they tend to miss alotPrice is good for the type of game thoughAlthough with only 2 allied divisions and 2 axis i cant really tell you to buy it or tell you to avoid it but it seems generally positiveIf you want a gritty war game though sad to say game has cartoonish feel to them, i am looking at you churchill!Mod support looks good based on what they are telling us."
76561198007267434,Recommended,572410,30967790,Posted: 5 April,all,Finubar,WW2 Wargame style game.Steel Division is a WW2 large scale RTS game with a fresh look Divisions in WW2. the units in Beta are really nice and the gameplay feels real with tank speed and aircraft. If you like wargame you will love this game.
76561198011025006,Recommended,572410,33468568,Posted: 11 July,all,SgtKurita,"Excellent game overall.  9/10Map design:  forests, crossroads, towns, hedgerows, factories, and beaches are well layed out and depict the Normandy landscape very well.Players have access to a wide variety of unit types (recon, infantry, support, artillery, AA, airpower) from which to create their Battle Groups.Ones brain must be engaged (that is a good thing these days) to achieve success!!  Blind charges and a lack of good tactical sense will equal sure defeat.  The ""C"" key is invaluable.The game mechanics require blending both the weaker units (scouts, recon, armored cars) with stronger ones (Panthers, Tigers, Jumbo Shermans, Crocodiles) to achieve domination over ones opponent."
76561197962963654,Recommended,572410,30968946,Posted: 5 April,all,Nereid,"After about 2 hours of solo play: For a Beta its quite good.  Userinterface and keyboard shortcuts may need a few tweaks, but overall a very good game.very stable; After two hours I could not give a deep review the damage and weapon model, but it doesn't look too unrealistic at first glance. Not all att, I have to say.This is a very positive surprise. An unexpected beta; not a single crash; surprisingly good gameplay, quite well done graphics... a happy buyer so far. :)"
,Not Recommended,572410,33162105,Posted: 2 July,all,Baron,"Fantastic game overall. Now you are probably wondering why I said that and didn't recommend the game. The problem is that sadly the campaign is extremely short, and any other content would be the multiplayer with other people, but no one ever plays the game, on a good day there is probably 600 people playing at a time. But, with that said, even if there is 600 people on, getting into games is near impossible, trolls constantly joining and leaving to make it so a game never starts, or the players that are online sit there and just talk in the chat room outside of any game rooms.I would not recommend this game, unless the popularity increases."
76561198016983378,Recommended,572410,31056645,Posted: 10 April,all,BIG SHNEE,so far so good part from well annoying poor voices ov units. graphics on my system isnt as good as on wargame for some reason properly because its only the beta at mo but overall a great game wiv loads ov realistic units! cant wait for full game to be come out! air units look awsome speacily ehrn strafing infantry lol! a must have game for any RTS FANS!!!
76561197985651795,Recommended,572410,31153941,Posted: 15 April,all,crazed,"I highly recommend this game. I loved the early close combat games especially invasion normandy and like other fans of the series always hoped for a modern updated version of it.. this is it. I saw a comment from one of the makers of this game that several of them were fans of close combat and I have to say they have hit the nail on the head with this game. I like to slow the game right down and take my time to fight the battles and this game allows me to do that. Very impressed with their attention to detail and the balance they have achieved with realism vs fun. I think this is going to be a smash hit with all those who love realistic ww2 games. Best game I have played for years. Cannot wait for the full version of the game and all the new battles, maps and units that are surely going to come from those who mod etc.Later addition to review - Since the full game was released I lost interest because frankly, the campaign is not very good in my opinion. I would like a full long and satisfying campaign where I battle over sections of the map that then go on to affect supply of myself and or the enemy as they did with close combat normandy, that would be awesome and worth my time.I hope I can get back into the game at a later date, just hoping a proper campaign is released or someone does an awesome mod with a great campaign. Until then it'll gather digital dust in my library.Pretty disappointing really, I thought this was going to be something much more than it has turned out to be. Just let down by the strategy planning element and the units not being able to build up experience that follows on to the next battle. meh"
76561198068194265,Recommended,572410,31332466,Posted: 23 April,all,Renaissance_Man,"Brilliant! can't wait for full release. Only played couple hours but like the slower pace compared to Wargame Red Dragon and how placement of units is really important. I.e next to walls for cover etc. Graphics are mint. Got a GTX 980 and everything is almost maxed out minus a few settings. getting tons of frames until zooming right in and then it goes down to around 40-55 fps so more than playable. WW2 will always be special and this game does it justice.EDIT*  This game is still excellent but definitely a few things to look at. Planes with rockets and Bombs aren't destroying big tanks. Panther Ds etc are just walking straight through anything I have. Anti tank guns seem to get killed easily without doing much damage. Medium difficulty seems VERY difficult. winning maybe 1 in 8-10 games. Planes aren't getting shot dow by my Anti air guns. I feel like I need to spam the hell out of some units to get an effect. Infantry with AT guns also rarely seem to do damage without being mown down, even when hiding in trees, bushes etc. Tanks just sit out of range and smash my Infantry without the having any effect. Still love it and sure most of these issues will be addressed over time, just quite frustrating as I'm playing this a lot and don't seem to be getting any better."
,Recommended,572410,31680886,Posted: 11 May,all,Wolfiefang,"EDIT POST BETA:Full game is better then expected. It's very funny to see some of the reviews so I'll try to debunk some of the myths. Overall though the main part of this (Being a Strategy game), the Strategy is great. You have to move up from cover to cover, Combat spacing is important, Fire superiority is important, and using the right unit for the right job is great.The Unit AI is stupid; Nope the Units will automatically stop targeting pinned units to fire at units that can Actually hit it. Anti Tank weapons will fire at infantry, but the instant a Tank shows up, their priority changes.The Enemy AI is stupid; Nope. The AI will actively scout, probe, and build Spearheads before attacking! Not just spawn and send one at a time, they wait to build up at spots they think are weak. In fact, I've seen the AI start a push, I killed their two tanks, the Infantry immediately retreated to their Defensive positions, and the enemy sent a Smoke bombing to cover it![Insert Faction/Battlegroup] is OP/Horrible; It's funny because all through Beta people complained that Allies were OP, and now the Chat seems to this Axis are OP. Go figure. I think that fact that the new OP keeps changing, just shows that each battlegroup is unique and decently balanced enough that as players learn, new things become too Good or too Bad. I'm sure we'll find some unbalance down the line, but Eugen is known for constant balance and upgrades to their games.OMG the Graphics SUCK; Wait what? Some review even talked about Close Combat vs this game. What horrible computer are you on that makes you think this? The graphics are great, but for some reason their are complaints that the art style of the UI stuff isn't realistic? Why is that even a big deal to you? They help quickly represent the unit, and don't feel out of place. The in game graphics are fantastic, and I've always appreciated that Eugen makes games that zooming all the way out, and all the way back to the blades of grass doesn't lag, and doesn't look bad.--------------------------------Wow, this game is very good. I was very worried that Wargame had turned WW2 (which is odd since I love WW2 games), but they basically improved on Wargame's ideas and made a wonderful new game. I hope they take of lot of what they learned here to future Wargames. I think most people who complain about balance just don't understand how to counter certain gameplay (Which is why one bad review will see ""Arty is too OP"" and then next will say ""Tanks are too OP"").It's been nice that they've been adding more divisions to the beta, and so far I haven't found any Division to be a problem (none are either too good, or too bad) so I'm excited to see the rest. The division idea really helps make the team matches much more interesting and I'm often helping out my teammates during my strong phases, while they make up for it during their own strong phase.Nice overall balance of realism and gameplay, and just overall fun to use your small of fragile advantages to gain ground on the enemy. I never really liked the massive 10v10 in Wargame, but really enjoyed it thanks too the small change of scale in this game. Just get the game already! =D"
76561198006703442,Not Recommended,572410,35212918,Posted: 25 September,all,Tsaba,"Like a battered housewife, I keep coming back wanting this game to be awesome, I want it so bad I just can't return it.  But, every time I come back it reminds me why I should just dump it and find something else to love.it just doesn't feel right, there's so much wrong with the game I wouldn't know where to begin, they need to remove the div templates and just go back to the country (wargame style) templates..I want it to work, I want it to work so bad......"
,Recommended,572410,31909127,Posted: 22 May,all,Cornus Kousa,"Steel Division harnesses the unique and exceptional gameplay of the Wargame franchise while incorporating many updates and modifications that range from flat improvements (Line of sight tools, more complex infantry behavior, increased unit movement assignment options) to era specification modifications that more closely mimic the style of combat during WWII (decreased lethality of air support and decreased effectiveness of AA, restricted vehicle movement through dense forests, glancing blows and bounces from shots against armored vehicles).Eugen does for modern warfare what Creative Assembly's Total War franchise did for historical and pre-industrial warfare. While lacking the grand campaign of the Total War franchise, SD:44 focuses its efforts on cultivating its unique gameplay into its competitive multiplayer scene. If you are a fan of multiplayer RTSs which focus heavily on gameplay and tactics rather than resource management and logistics then SD:44 will certainly be a new favorite.If you are already a fan of Wargame then you will enjoy Steel Division. Its deck building system doesn't provide the amount of diversity (or, perhaps, the illusion of diversity) that exists in Wargame but its gameplay is tighter. If you have no experience with the Wargame series then I suggest SD:44 if you want a more limited but polished experience and I would recommend Wargame: Red Dragon if you prefer a more modern setting and don't mind getting rocked by the veteran, well-established multiplayer community."
76561197976208142,Not Recommended,572410,32006196,Posted: 27 May,all,slabaug1,I don't play on-line and I have to say I hate the timed missions in the campaign. Because you are so rushed you can't effectively use needed strategy. It ends up being a head long rush and just pound away.  Also the Campaign is scripted unlike the dynamic campaigns in the wargame series. Its plays like a bad company of heroes. I think they could do a lot better with a Dynamic campaign the AI is much better than the war game series.  2 out of 7
76561197972500861,Recommended,572410,32907038,Posted: 27 June,all,Rosenberg,"Good game. However, not an easy learning curve."
,Not Recommended,572410,34425905,Posted: 22 August,all,Lloyd George,"I've played this single player and found it a frustrating experience.  If you play as the Brits or the Yanks then your units are heavily outmatched and enemy units shrug off repeated hits, retreat and then return to savage your front line again and again!  After a while not having a single weapon in your arsenal that can counter these units gets very frustrating especially as there is a very short time in which to complete your objectives.  So it stops being fun which is after all the point of a game :-)  Shame because it could be great with a bit more tweaking."
,Recommended,572410,31221742,Posted: 18 April,all,DEVO,"If you were a fan of wargame I would pick this up.If you are a fan of RTS and think they are dead, pick this up.If you are interested in WW2 battles and military hardware, consider a purchase.If you played Close Combat and Combat Mission, this might scratch that itch.If you are pure hex based wargaming gronard, you might even still enjoy this.Dynamic front system is fantastic. Inch your units through the hedgerows, cover open areas with your tanks and AT, advance your infantry, get that artillery into position, and have a great time. Overall I enjoy this even more than Wargame due to the nature of the units being not as deadly (this is 1940's after all). This allows for more strategic maneuvers rather than fighting mass OPFOR choppers and T-80's  every game.Another amazing addition is surrounding the enemy resulting in surrender. This can make for some incredible battles as you don't want to push your front too hard for fear of being cut off!Will update review on release. Hoping the campaign is actually good, hoping the campaign will be playable C0-OP!"
,Recommended,572410,31006603,Posted: 7 April,all,Nasa,"Steel division  is the love child of ruse and wargame set in world war two and as a somone who enjoyed both of its parents I have to say that I am having alot of fun with the title.Positives: Good selection of vehicles, nerfed arty from red dragon, slowed down combat from wargame and frontline system.Negatives: They could of done more variation with infantry and the in battle UI is simply a step backwards (the lack of unload instantly being a key annoyance).Things to bear in mind: success is directly tied to finding a division that suits your playstyle(which might be hard in a beta with only two divisions per side) and this is paradox publishing this not focus so expect the division dlc train to be ariving soon after launch (hopefully we see Finland added).all in all would recomend if you enjoyed wargame or ruse. Or even just want a ww2 rts and dont mind a bit of a learning curve."
,Recommended,572410,31281223,Posted: 21 April,all,Kamrat Roger,Despite the total lack of M113 and an overall poor selection of autocannons aside from the glorious Bofors 40mm. It is a quite good game. A little slower paced than the M113 staring Wargame franchise and not as easy to fool the enemy as in R.U.S.E. due to the always overshadowing frontline.Deck building is a step up over Red Dragon but not as polished as Airland Battle. That a single card cost 1 activation point makes it easier to compare your options. The most interesting feature in my opinion is the phase system where you unlock heavier and more powerful units as time progress instead of having it all at the start. Combined with that different divisions can have varying income depending of phase should allow the game to me more balanced while still allowing for a larger amount of viable deck compositions.Unless the total lack of M113 is putting you off I recommend this game.
,Recommended,572410,31073694,Posted: 11 April,all,[Sturm] Gov't Issue,"Eugen is back at it again, and in top form. They've created maybe their best game yet in my opinion. Steel division is a historical RTS taking place in world war two on the western front. The scale of the combat is very large compared to similar titles in the same genre. Maps are kilometers wide taking place on both land and in the air as you command tanks, planes, and men to push the enemy back. For all you WARGAME players this title will feel very similar. Visually the game has improved over past titles. A much welcome improvement being both the cleaned up interace, and your infantry's behavior, which was necessary in my opinion seeing as in contrast to some previous Eugen titles infantry are now the backbone and workhorse of your army. You still have 'decks' though they call them battlegroups. Tanks, planes, and infantry still take to the battlefield in a similar fashion. There are some notable changes though. Instead of your income 'ticking' up slowly a handful of points at a time, you will have a set income that will be granted at regular intervals. Units (while retaining expendable ammo) no longer have hitpoints. Ultimately it feels similar to WARGAME, and i would recommend it to any fans of the series. The game doesnt have too steep a learning curve, but i can already tell that it will be difficult to master.Overall i would say 8/10. I am thoroughly satisfied, and with more content on the horizon... im absolutely excited!A must-have for any WWII RTS lover.A game worth considering for a fan of either RTS, or the WWII era."
,Recommended,572410,31805096,Posted: 17 May,all,Legorious,"This game is reminiscent of the ""Wargame"" series, and if you enjoyed those, you will find yourself at home with SD.I have a r9 380 and I have no problems with frames, and have experienced only few instances of lag."
76561198107779036,Recommended,572410,30981889,Posted: 6 April,all,Tommy,"Eugen Systems and Paradox Interactive put together and made the best big scale RTS of all times! The beta is great, cant wait for the final version."
76561198042849330,Recommended,572410,31958614,Posted: 25 May,all,Malidus,"Overall, Steel Division is a very good game with lots of potential with DLC, and listening to the Player Community.Pros:While the organization and use of certain vehicles, and division compositions, can be picked apart for historical accuracy, the game overall stays very true to the 1944 period. The AI is extremely competitive and refined beyond any AI that could be encountered in outside RTS games such as Men of War, any game from the Total War Series, or even Theatre of War. Having not played Wargame, or any other Eugen RTS other then Ruse, I found the AI to be difficult but not impossible. When playing as the Germans who historically had limited manpower in real life (conscripts, ersatz forces, volksgrenadiers, and limted volksturm/hitlerjugend not included) along with limited materiel as in real life (The 17th SS which is a playable force in this game accurately only has Stug III and IV assault guns which was due to shortages of everything else in real life), this was especially true compared to my American counterparts who could send 15 Shermans and still have reserves. Lastly the battle deck system allows for a large amount of customization especially if you get with your friends to make specialized decks for teamplay between you two, (An infantry division's static defenses and fodded combined with the hard punch of a panzer division or mechanized division makes a deadly combo.) Overall Steel Division is off to a great start as a game.Cons:There is some historical accuracy sacrificed for balancing but this is necessary and completely understandable, but hardcore WWII buffs, you have been warned.Campaign: The Campaign is very action packed which can be good in some RTS settings however going from Skirmishes which have mixed engagements and the occassional full offensive, or the tutorial which is very small in battle scale to a massive battle involving 40+ units on the map at any given point and vast overwhelming force with a historic background but no story can be underwhelming for those who prefer a story-based campaign. Hopefully in the future, DLCs will be added that add small scale missions, (a pathfinder mission of small scale to lead Airborne Troops to victory by securing behind the line areas would be amazing, or a small scale Michael Wittman mission at Villers Bocage etc).Hopes for this Game in the near and far future:More Divisions- Such as the 1st and 2nd SS which were very infamous fighting forces in and around Normandy, and considering a Swastika is already used certain versions of Steel Division (mine included) for the flag of the German Forces, as long as the frontline fighting was kept in the foremost consideration, then this would not be unreasonable.More Models- It would be interesting to see more camo patterns applied to the infantry and various vehicles throughout the war.More Missions- Small scale fights, scenarios, or situations that can be entertaining, engaging, or perhaps intuitive for future skirmishes and multiplayer matches.More Fronts: DLCs that could add earlier and later fronts in the game such as France in 1940, or perhaps Poland in 1939, all the way to the final days of Germany in 1945 on the Western Front.More Factions: On the same tangent as fronts, perhaps add more nations fighting in the war in Europe, obviously the Soviets come to mind (T34 spam would be unreal) along with the Italians and perhaps a division each dedicated to Romania, Hungary, Bulgaria, etc. This would allow for interesting units, gameplay dynamics, and allow the newbie player to be better immersed and at least informed in the smaller areas of the war.Overall I highly reccomend this game even without all the hopes that were just listed, as the base game on its own is amazing and allows for much more content that could come in the form of DLCs or perhaps the start of a new game franchise or even as a collection of mods in the Workshop!"
76561197986365521,Recommended,572410,31869063,Posted: 20 May,all,Diarrhea Cactus,"Steel Division is set as you would expect, in Normandy during 1944.  Units for the most part, represent what was deployed and in existance during that part of the war.  If you liked Wargame then you should like Steel Division as most of the mechanics came over from there.  Additionally, other things have been added for improvement, like the sight system that lets you see what your unit can see.For those that don't know what Wargame is about, then I will explain Steel Division a bit.  There is absolutely no base building or economy to manage outside of points that you use  and accumulate to bring in more units from off of the map.  You use cover to hide and get better defending positions, scouts to see, and use a combination of units to get the job done.  Units can panic and get pinned or fall back on their own, units are generally smart enough to fire on their own if you leave them be and need to go tend to other duties on the map.Other aspects of the game, like utilizing combined arms is extremely important.  He who spams loses.  If you try to send infantry against medium tanks without some sort of anti-armor capability you are in for a short ride.  Artillery, air force to include bombing, interceptors, anti tank strikes, scouting, and high caliber guns for soft targets are all part of the game.  Using supply trucks to keep your units supplied with ammo is critical, without them, you are essentially sending in soldiers to fist fight against guns and you know how that is going to end up.The graphics, controls, sounds, interface, all of it is well thought out and designed.  Markers to indicate what you want to do are available, sich as attack, defend, etc.  Additionally, You choose your own units for your army.  You build a deck of cards which consists of units.  These units all have a varying set of capabilities for different situations.  They have statistics that need to be taken into account such as range, armor penetration, high explosive capability, ammo count, speed, optics, armor, the list goes on.  This is not a comapny of heroes game where you send things in and if it gets lost, then make more.  What you bring to battle is it, you call stuff in as you can and as you need to.  Unit preservation is paramount and using veteran units and command units soup up your chances of survival and winning.The goals to win are either conquest in taking map control or destruction where you must get a certain amount of points through kills to win.  Destruction may seem tempting but offers little reward for taking territory.  It is far better to take territory and think about how to win versus unloading everything and hoping for the best.  In the future, I hope there are expansions that add to the game.  Things like an Eastern front expansion and Asian front would be a welcome enhancement.  As of now, there is enough here to satisfy a person and keep them busy for a long time.One final note, if you are a wargame player, don't expect the level of intricacy with the units.  There is far less to take into consideration.  That isn't to say its dumbed down, but instead of having 500 different units of the same thing with slightly different stats, you now only have a handful."
76561198055877982,Recommended,572410,31228765,Posted: 18 April,all,Master Sergeant,"This game is like Wargame but better. They have gotten rid of vehicle fuel gage, so no tanks making it half way accross the map just to run out of gas. They also took away the health bar and replaced it with a stress bar. While realistic it is sometimes a bit cheesey. Also, AA guns, while they can take down planes that is no longer their main purpose, they are more like aircraft detterent rather than aircraft killers. You need to bring fighter planes to battle to effectivley take down enemy aircraft. Also, bombers are really really satisfying in this game. There is a new emphasis on infatry, unlike it wargame they are actually useful in Steel Divison as they are the only unit other than anti tank guns that can hide in thick trees. Making them essential for holding tricky hedgegrows and forests on the map. Most of this game is just flat out amazing, i only have a few gripes with it. 1. destruction, total desctruction game. Theres a couple things wrong with this. Enemy units especially infantry will just sit around in allied occupied territory, hiding in forests, with no sign that they are there making the end of a game a man hunt. Also if the enemy has aircraft still in use the game will not end making you surrender, because the AI refuses to send out its aircraft if it cant gain anything. So the game never ends. which means that you will be surrendering total destruction games every single time. 2. There are no city maps, or the concept of digging in. With the introduction of building to building fighting with infantry, youd think a game like this would benefit from implementing maps like St. Lo, or Caen. Instead they seem to prefer open fields with small villages and hamlets. Also, if you arent aggressive in this game, you will lose territory, giving the enemy a boost to their points, meaning that the game will soo spiral out of control. The only reason you will find yourself making defensive positions in this game is if youve made a concious effort to do so, or the enemy has steam rolled you and your backed into a corner trying to just hang on for dear life, which happens alot when you play Axis, but more on that later. This game could benefit from more maps with the concept that digging in and preparing defensive positions isnt such a bad idea. 3. THE AXIS SUCK. 9/10 times i have played as an axis battlegroup i have lost the game. Axis need a buff or the allies need a debuff. The axis get steam rolled in almost every single game i have played. Some may say thats historically accurate but i say thats a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t excuse because this is a video game, not a documentary. Axis vehicles need to be buffed or they need more, cheaper infantry to balance things out, preferably with longer ranged panzer fausts and shreks. Other than those 3 things this game is awsome and I highly reccomend it, and i cant wait until launch day."
,Recommended,572410,31014223,Posted: 8 April,all,Sunder,"This is a great strategy game.I could never get into earlier WarGame game because of the sheer amount of unit available to you from the get go, but this WW2 themed one is instantly more digestable and more fun to play.A deck building mechanic is a really neat feature which allows you to zero into your strategy and get familiar with your division.Unit interraction, movement and combat looks really realistic done to a great detail."
76561198079627523,Recommended,572410,31988679,Posted: 26 May,all,shanksforthelamb,"One of the best war strategy games I have ever played. Plenty of content and incredibly hard, deep and satisfying strategy. 9/10!"
,Recommended,572410,32027359,Posted: 28 May,all,Josip Broz Tito,"Combined-arms warfare with 18, real german and allied divisions, with different playstile and selection of units.Pick-off american sherman tanks with Tiger 1 by 1 just to be screwed by hidden bazooka squad or a well placed stuart, rain the hellfire with artillery on enemy-held town just to see how 5 squads of your infantry surrenders to 2 guys with a flamethrower, have a joy to see how fully stressed enemy tank one-shots your 3 star fresh tank that missed 3 times in a row with >70% chance to hit and place the wall of AA guns that never able to shot down a single plane.But even in it's somewhat raw state this game, currently, is a top pick for a multiplayer-focused WWII military strategy.Totally not a nazi i just enjoy wehrmacht aesthetics\10"
,Recommended,572410,30987504,Posted: 6 April,all,HERO,"Old school RTS veteran here, love CoH, love ALB/RD, love WWII.  Played 6 hours of the game last night, and wow man, I am blown away.Two HUGE design points for me that makes this the best WWII RTS game that I've ever played.  No joke.One of the things that I enjoy the most from the game right now is how map control is now free from set VP points.  This allows the player to make flanks and thrusts in different areas of the map to apply pressure, and allows a player to be creative and exploitative rather than focus into areas of the map where battle is always contested.  This inadvertently mediates one of the most difficult challenges for RTS developers and that is map design.  The battlefield is now photo-realistic, and with this change in how VPs are collected, maps can be asymmetrical and somehow still work in an RTS.  There is no real one way to play, which in turn expands on the player choices as your unit make-up can be completely different based on location alone.  Overall, this also plays remarkably well with the theme of the genre, where there is a very real feel to the tides of war as the game progresses.  You know, both mentally and visually when you're gaining or losing ground, and when you're about to be surrounded.  This achieves a empathetic connection with the player to the game situation.  Often times when designing games, the ""feel"" of pressure being applied by the opponent is portrayed in an arbitrary and superficial way:  Units die, or they blow up, so what?  When the entire map turns red around your army after your opponent makes a masterful thrust through an area that you deemed safe, you actually feel dread because you are now cut-off.  This is a vibrant and most-welcomed change to static VP points where the scale of battle centers around those areas and everywhere else is a skirmish.  This is an absolute brilliant way to not only make the battles themselves more realistic, but is a masterstroke in RTS design that I haven't seen in years.Another thing that I love about the game is the divisions and how it fits with the overall economy design of the game separated by different phases.  Not only do the different divisions come with their own unique flavor because of the unit choices, availability, and veterancy, but they also receive income differently depending on what division they are.  This means the certain divisions can be deliberately stronger than others in earlier phases of the game, but they lose steam as the game progresses because their later game units are not as powerful.  The same could be said about other divisions where they start out weaker, but become powerhouses later on due to their enhanced economy and more powerful units.  This subtly adds additional flavor to the division design and even portrays a sense of story-telling where even when the situation seems dire in the early phases of the game, all is not lost.  At the same time, this concept should also reinforce a particular division's strengths, and players should be wary of that and exploit their opponents' weaknesses not only in unit composition, but also during phases where they are weak.  All-together, this is simply wonderful design:  Not only does this add true identity to the game's different ""factions"", but it also adds another layer of strategy that otherwise wouldn't exist around the economy system.Absolutely amazing, 9/10.  10/10 when I see MM working."
76561198174184134,Not Recommended,572410,32025563,Posted: 28 May,all,BoomGoesTheRoof,"Seems like multiplayer is being dealt with and is ok right now(but still not smooth).  The only way this game is worth it is if you have the patience and are a fan of WW2.  It's defintly a game that takes time to be good, the units and details are really nice.  I really wish I could like this game but I really can't the multiplayer is still buggy with lag.  The allied tank units struggle to kill any german tank.  You can have Armour Pircing value 3 or 4 higher be within 600m and still your tank will struggle if not just die.  You can have better armour then their Armour Pircing at max range and your tank is like a ♥♥♥♥ing potato with no punch getting blown to high water.  The micro managing is on every unit from your artillery to your fighters.  Every action other then move forward and attack you have to manage."
,Recommended,572410,31992881,Posted: 27 May,all,RTK | Kav the Psycho,"It's just like any other wargame but without the high tech units making it hard to play. WW2 era equipment makes for closer, slower paced engagements foccused on digging in and using terrain to your advantage. Everything is comparably less powerful than previous wargames, which makes for awesome street/countryside fights. 10v10 is pretty mad!"
,Recommended,572410,31090101,Posted: 11 April,all,AsaOfHearts,"If you like wargame you will really enjoy the twist on the rules that make combat so much more enjoyable, especially set in 1944. If you like WW2 and strategy you will Love this game for sure!"
76561197963315984,Recommended,572410,31947557,Posted: 25 May,all,Ben!to,"Aside from some wierd Soundbugs, Multiplayer Lags and Balance Issues its a solid Westfront WW2 RTS Game.It features lots of improvements over predecessors in the Wargame Series but also Suffers from a very strickt Morale system which is sometimes to unforgiving in Multiplayer, e.g. 2 Rockets Planes completly throw back an amoured assault, thus slowing game speed and action unnecessary.Overall Dev´s are pretty active and listen to community demands, so i guess DLC´s with more Division or other theaters of War could follow,Sounds: 7/10Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Controls: 9/10It´s a good 8/10 total , grab it if you like WW2 RTS and games like COH and MOW are ""too small"" for your taste."
76561198006812476,Recommended,572410,32215453,Posted: 6 June,all,Druhtinaz,"An extremely captivating game!  I was initially worried about the real time part of this RTS for being too fast for an older player like me, but fortunately there is a speed button which allows one to learn the game against the AI at ones own pace. It is much needed since there is so much to consider at the same time: overall tactics, the nature of the chosen battlefield map, the composition of your and your enemy's forces, the objectives,the ranges and effectiveness of the different weapons, the resilience of your units...it simply takes some time before one is so familiar with the details that it is finally possible to make these decisions for dozens of units at the same time in a blink of an eye.It's has been over 25 years since my military service but playing the game immediately made me remember the basics of a good firing position as taught by the instructors: good field of fire, good cover and protection and  a safe route to and back from the firing position.It really feels good when one is finally able to execute a plan that effectively brings together combined arms tactics allowing for a seemingly  unstoppable assault...but still, moments later you are again trying to  frantically save the day when the enemy counter-attacks your now overextended line with fresh reinforcements. Good times!"
,Recommended,572410,31936664,Posted: 24 May,all,Kharn,"First off let me say that I hated Wargame and all of it's expansions!I was a Coh2 player, Starcraft, DoW2, you name it...But this game is awesome! It has lots of variety without going way way off track like Wargame felt. The impact of units feels meaningful, the timeline keeps the units conise and easy to keep track of. The combat isn't all BAM one shot, sure later in phase C when Tigers start plowing over your Shermans its one shot hell but it's all relative.10/10 this game blindsided me by how much fun it was, I've been playing since pre-release and each time they released a faction and a map I was impressed on how each army had niche functionality over the other. Each army stands on it's own, but you really feel how the maps force you into pickin strategies. It's not like Coh2 or Starcraft where you worry about a build order.No you worry about elevation, taking key points! Assault troops are actually assault troops, and even the tiny 2 man flamer squads can tear down big beefy 10 mans if you catch them in forests where range is nothing!Recon recon recon, you can never have enough and it'll be the difference between a good player ."
,Recommended,572410,31771833,Posted: 15 May,all,Nicolii,"I came in here to write a short comment, what resulted was anything but...Having played and not been the greatest fan of the previous macro-strategy games (Eugen's Wargame games) as they always felt lacking, in that the diversity of available units did not equal a diversity of fielded units compared to micro-strategy games (Men of War, Company of Heroes).That is to say: do not approach this game as you would Men of War, or Company of Heroes; both are different enough to take you off guard if you play them in the same manner, and just because you like Men of War or Company of Heroes, does not mean you'll enjoy the gameplay of this one.However, having said that, I am happy to say that so far I have been enjoying this game quite a bit and have found the need to field all types of units available without said unit not feeling inadequate in comparison to similarly priced units (as with the Wargame series). Every unit has a niche that it resides in with little to no overlap of units that fill another role as well (but this is probably due to the game's setting of WWII, when most things had a singular purpose, a real rock-paper-scissors war).So far I have only played cooperatively with and againt AI (I am yet to play against players, I am strongly advising my friends to purchase this game as well), both have proved to be suitable allies and opponents.The AI are fielding the entire breadth of units available to them and using them effectively: my artillery is being counter artilleried, scouts are well placed to see things behind my front line, mortars will bombard a grouping of buildings I have occupied, fighter planes will counter my bombers and, along with their own bombers, harrass my ground units.The battles, once they get going, are a fantastic spectacle and even enjoyable to watch on replay as a spectator.The default game mode, Conquest Mode, is a very interesting take on the (now classic) capture sectors to gain points game mode. Now instead of capturing specific sectors to increase your points, the portion of the battlefield you control, from the rear to your front line, is your sector, and the percentage of the overall map you control determines whether or not you are receiving points and how many per tick.The game with this game mode is amazing, it's always encouraging you to keep pushing forward, keep pushing their front line back and to only take a defensive strategy as a temporary measure. This turned what was a defensive game mode of capture the sector and hold onto it, into a fantastically offense mode. You can see the ebb and flow as the front line keeps moving across the map like a low and high tide at battle with the beach, and it will keep you on your toes the entire time.This game is graphically well done but take this with a grain of salt as I only have a R7 360 (still waiting on Vega) playing on medium-ish (mish-mash of high, low and off) settings at about 30fps. Taking note of that I haven't had any performance problems that made the game grind to a painfull low despite the amount of action on-screen at the time.As of this time with 7 hours played I have only had the game freeze/crash once, but the game is still in beta with a couple more weeks to go.I've always had a problem getting into these macro-strategy game without the finer placement controls available to the micro-strategy games, I've always wanted to enjoy them, I just could not find to enthusiasm to played them regularly, but I am happy to say that this game appears to have broken that spell and is a worthwhile purchase, even as the beta state it is in.To me Men of War and this game, (even though both occupy the WWII strategy category) are different enough for me to have the fine control of units and positioning in Men of War, and have this game sit along side an in my list of regularly played games."
76561198046338873,Not Recommended,572410,34267852,Posted: 15 August,all,the nacho warrior,"This game feels like a step back from wargame and is very disapointing. Starting with the positive the WW2 setting is neat , the games new deck system makes you choose a WW2 division that fought in normandy ,each allowing you to customise your deck with to units availlable in that division .This is combined with the fact that each match is divided into 3 phases , meaning you can only deploy units available in a current phase or previous phases, depending on the division you took , you may have an advantage in the first few phases while another division will have better units available later phases. This adds a new level of stategy to the game.Another major addition is the presence of the new battle line system , which moves as your frontline units move making every inch of terrictory taken count unlike the zone system from wargame.The new cover system allows units to be protected by things other then a building such as heges and forests.Now for the bad news The actual combat is complete crap.The balancing is terrible and heavily favors the germans , I understand that nazi germany tanks , planes and artilery were superior to their allied counterparts , but the allied still had the advantage of superior numbers . Allied tanks is this  game are total♥♥♥♥♥♥and we dont get to field more of them to counter the germans advantage meaning once the axis brings out their superior tanks and artilery you're screwed , unless you all gang up on 1 player.German units have higher veterancy  while allied units often have none , allied units will always miss their target unless a command vehicle is neatrby to slighly up the hit/miss ratio , you could have 3 descent allied tanks getting massacred by 1 german mediocre tank , infantry is also hit or miss german infantry tend to come highly vetted and will wipe the floor with you . Field guns are a joke most are unvetted and cant be used stratgicaly around a map because you only have few command unit spare.The games maps are based in normandy and are litteraly designed like laberythe and  are obstable ridden , this may be the case in real life but this is a game breaking idea . A large  push like in wargame is difficult because most of your units will be struggling to manouevre around tress and rocks, most wont be able to see the same targets and will get picked off one by one because a tree was in the way.The game usses a new suppression system where if a unit takes  too much fire they become pinned down , or the equivalent of ""stunned "" in wargame and stop responding to orders. You have the choice to either  wait until the unit is  no longer pinned down which never ever happens unless another unit comes to rescue but most likely that unit will also get pinned and so on ..........or retreat the unit which is basicaly ordering a unit to deliberately  ""rout"" in wargame where the unitheads in a random direction it could be opposite the enemy who was attacking it or right into another enemy.The REAL problem is your supposedly battle hardened units get pinned down almost instantly and often several squads are pinned by one extremely vetted usualy axis squad who NEVER get pinned .Another problem is that units are extremely bullet spongy , for some reason and take ages to die no matter how many units are hitting it or how high the damage, an infantry squad could be getting hammered by tanks and machine guns and survive like it nothing. You must pin down a unit before you can damge it. that means most units could be getting shelled by artilery but wont lose damage because they are not pinned down yet.This is also a big problem with the new unarmoured field guns introduced in the game who somehow survive direct tank hits like its nothing it's like the crew dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about explosions happening 3 inches from their faces.Aircraft have been implemented in the worst possible way they can't be shot down by flak guns only scared off , and not before dropping their bombs. flak guns will not destory aircraft unless you deploy you're whole decks worth making them nearly useless . The worst part is WW2 planes were supposed to be fielded in massive numbers  yet you only get a few a couple , the idea would be to launch squadrons of hard hitting but fragile planes.I understand this suppresion system , bulletspongy units , labyrythe enviroment ,hardcore german army from hell, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥allied tanks and aircraft designed by tony stark  are designed to make the game more tactical and make firefights last longer. ........ But it's badly implemented ,horribly balanced ,  brakes immersion and creates a lot of wtf  momments.More development and testing are needed because in it's current form this game is only enjoyable if you are a masochist  , an actual nazi or just someone who really hates the french countryside ."
,Recommended,572410,31962516,Posted: 25 May,all,PFC Thomas [29th ID],"The only real gripe I have with this game is that the explosion effects look like they were made by Photoshop beginners and Liberal Arts freshmen.Besides that, this is one solid WW2 RTT game. Everything feels like they have an actual impact on the battlefield (quite literally too). And I really love the fact that a single MG could halt an infantry assault realistically unlike some other titles out there.If you're a Wargame vet and you have 40€ to spare then buy it, it's worth it. If you're a newcomer you can use the Campaign mode to overcome the steep learning curve, albeit easier to climb than Wargame's because they streamline this game a bit.Solid 8/10, some more units and better effects net it a 9/10."
,Recommended,572410,31067887,Posted: 10 April,all,Doge,Great Game!   cant wait for rank mode
76561198045512665,Recommended,572410,31067437,Posted: 10 April,all,Damocles,In a nutshell it's Wargame in WW2 ... currently a little unbalanced (BETA) but fun to play xD
,Recommended,572410,31244214,Posted: 19 April,all,Kevs,"EARLY REVIEW: (TL;DR IN THE END)Following the line of it's modern counterpart ""Wargame"", this release is definitely more accesible to a new crowd of this specific style of RTS, but not lacking any harshness to challenge the scarred veteran.You are given a series of divisions to choose from both the Axis and the ally armies.Different to Wargame, where you built your army based on all the units available for a country, here you are focused on a play style given by the division you choose, although just because you focus on a tank division, it doesn't mean you have no infantry or air support, but you will be more limited in those aspects than the one that revolves around them, so here is where strategical thinking comes to play, make every unit count and synergize as well as possible.For example, you might go for the Scottish Infantry division, who centers it's forces around veteran infantry, artillery and ground support, or maybe the American Tank division, rampaging the field early with heavy tanks. The German forces wielding an accumulative power of panzers more aimed towards late game with the 12th SS-Panzer-Division led by commander Kurt Meyer, or a more invasive and expanding Fallschirmjäger division, focused on city capture by foot, and air support.Divisions available are to be always expanding, so new possibilities come as time passes, keeping the game fresh.The ""Battle phases"" mechanic makes a clear distinction of, early, middle, and late game.Some armies benefit the possibility of having some tough units early on, but sometimes waiting to a later phase allows you to bring in more quantity of that same unit, so management and foresight is a must here.This system was made to simulate the real tides of the battlefield, starting usualy (but not always) with a recon and setting up phase, followed by heavy combat.Once your army is chosen, it's time to head to the battlefield, where the time will be stopped before the battle begins.Now, Steel Division runs away of the unison of the typical world war 2 RTS, here you don't build a base, you don't level up buildings, or wait ""production time"" to get your unit in the battlefield.You have a single military expenditure resource; as you start with a fixed amount, you are to select and position all your desired units (that you can pay for with the current amount of resource and are available in the current battlephase) from the deck of units you chose or built before entering the battle, into your side of the extensive battlefield, you can also asign movement, deploy, disembark or other orders before starting.Once ready, hit launch, and the cogs of war start turning.New to Steel Division is the dynamic front, for instead of capturing defined pieces of land, the entire map is yours to conquer.The more dominance an army has over the map, the more resources will be granted to it, making all strategic points important, every forest exploitable, every factory center or city, an aid to the war machine.Now summing up:  (TL;DR)-Steel Division has a much friendlier learning curve than Wargame did, but it's still hard to master.-The army builder is focused into roles by choosing divisions instead of countries to play as.-New content is to be added periodically, keeping a fresh approach to the game.-It's a unique aspect in comparison to any other non Eugen RTS, aiming more towards realism.-Battle phases makes you manage not only costs, but time as well, a weak begining might bring a strong late game (andviceversa).-A dynamic frontline instead of capture points makes you battle for the entierety of the battlefield, making everystrategic zone important and opens up unlimited possibilities to win.-Realism is key, tank's front armour is tougher than it's side and back, you can hide amongst trees or bushes or inbuildings to create ambushes or protect yourself.In short, if you like World War 2, and fulfilling strategy games, pick this up, you won't regret it."
76561198045718350,Recommended,572410,31244441,Posted: 19 April,all,Las the neko,"Paradox masters of grand strategies and Eugen systems makers R.U.S.E, and the Wargame Series come together to make a phenomenal RTS that is really inovative with the front line system that I so far have not seen in any other RTS's. With Large maps future modding capabilities Eugen systems have taken there learned knowlege and combind it with Knowledge of Paradox to a make a game that is epic, fun, and historical."
76561198040681705,Recommended,572410,31085223,Posted: 11 April,all,Curtpugh,"Quite fun overall. At the time im writing this review there's only 2 maps in the game and 4 divisions but I see so much potential. The only thing is at the moment is it's quite hard to learn how to play if you haven't played the Wargame series, however to overcome this just search up some videos on YouTube - thats what I did."
,Recommended,572410,30986435,Posted: 6 April,all,B1scu1T,"Although I recomend this game, it comes with a significant proviso. It doesnt have a proper tutorial.Once you understand once going on, its a very interesting game with more of a ""macro"" approach, rather than the more micro based you would be used too with other RTS games.Will definitely take some getting used too but its a game with huge potential."
76561197983105124,Recommended,572410,31830677,Posted: 18 May,all,Extremophile Elite,"A great grand strategy game that I can't get enough of. This type of RTS (Wargame series etc.) is such a perfect fit for a World War 2 setting. You get everything you expect in a Eugen RTS. Loads of units, lots of customization, tons of finely crafted maps, and great solid multiplayer. Even solid single player, something fairly new for this series. If you've never played a Eugen RTS before, this is a great place to start. If you're a solid fan, this is an amazing follow up and a must own.-Solo campaign. I've only played the US Allied missions so far, and they are outstanding. They are re-creations of the famous battles of WW2. Start off behind enemy lines as a paratrooper division, take out guns firing on the landing, secure towns. It's all done so well. The history buff will love this stuff.-The new frontline mechanic is a really nice touch. Instead of capturing sectors, there is now a dynamic front line that gets moved up with your command units. It shows you exactly what is happening on parts of the map immediately. It's intuitive and works great.-The new phase mechanics slowlys gives you more income and grants you stronger units. You're in Phase A for 10 minutes, then Phase B until 20 minutes, then Phase C for the rest of the game. This makes each game have a nice feel where the early game is scouting and securing area. Smaller scale combat. Then Phase B ups it a bit as you both build larger armies. By 20 minutes in Phase C you have giant grand armies that only keep getting larger and more advanced. It really makes you feel like a general.-The multiplayer works great like it always has in previous games. There is a lot of fun to be had online, there is probably a little work to be done in terms of balance.-Making a deck is almost as fun as the actual game. If you're into building the perfect deck there is so much to do. You pick a historic division (armored, airborne, mechinzed etc.) from certain nations/generals, and begin building your fully customized division. You pick from all the category of units and then give it a try. See where it's weak, change it up. It's a lot of fun and you will soon have loads of decks to pick from. You'll keep getting ideas for a new deck.Eugen to me is a great company. They release these great real time strategy games and patch them frequently. They will be sure to add a lot of new maps and new units and divisions. They support their games. All of this, and for $40 brand new, I will forever support this company.If you like Grand RTS, buy this game right now."
76561198043169196,Recommended,572410,31968112,Posted: 26 May,all,Flashback,One of if not the greatest strategy game I have ever played if you are hesatent to buy because of wargame this game is far from it in only the best ways possible Massive thumbs up.
76561198018460505,Recommended,572410,31186332,Posted: 16 April,all,AgrippaMaxentius,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vpphOdFUPEThis is an exceptional game with an INCREDIBLE amount of promise, during the Beta I have noticed a few hickups, for instance the existence of British AVRE's in Phase A with impenetrable armor, British crocodile tanks in the same phase that can wipe out nearly entire city blocks with one blast. That being said, if the devs work on this title it's going to be exceptional. I think the A, B and C phases need to be reworked. But the moving frontlines, the very fun firefights in between and the exceptional air war in game is a breath of fresh air. The morale system is exceptional, no longer is a tank a definite defeat for your infantry and artillery, much like real war even a tank can be terrified into a retreat by some well placed artillery shots. In the end, alot to be improved but an incredible structure that if worked on, may be the best WW2 game of the last 10 years."
76561197972464843,Recommended,572410,31046821,Posted: 9 April,all,Dwight,"Steel Division: Normandy 44 is an incremental improvement of this deep strategy approach in the best tradition of the Wargame and Ruse series. Wargame is not only very realistic but also very accessable. It is easy to play but extremely difficult to master. The Gameplay Mechanics of Wargame were satisfying but contrived in some instances. This was necessary for game balance but I can think of quite a few that broke immersion like the mechanic that put command units in zones to increase game income.However, Steel Division not only appears to be more accessable than Wargame, but also more realistic. I can give a few examples: The stress system for units, the way in which armor engagements play out, the rewards for successfully integrating combined arms, and the excellent frontline mechanic that not only reduces cheezy, unrealistic tactics, but also assist in the immersion of fighting on a front line. I have played games from 1v1 to 10v10 and it feels better and less imbalanced than Wargame.I am sure there will be minor problems to work out and balance issues to resolve. However I am looking forward to diving in and learning all about the history of the units I will be deploying. Keep up the great work!"
76561197978774796,Recommended,572410,31159040,Posted: 15 April,all,Geff40,"Paradox and Eugen games make a wargame? This has to be good :-)Serious, this game has potential to become a superior RTS wargame, even conquering my all time favs like COH and Wargame RD."
76561197994334055,Recommended,572410,31142971,Posted: 14 April,all,reddot,"Eugen go back to their roots with this spritiual sucessor to the underappreciated Ruse. They've not forgotten the lessons learned in the Wargame series, but this time with less micromanagement and a clearer focus on what makes that series' gameplay unique. Eugen is an outlier in this business, and they are prone to taking missteps, but this time all big decisions they have taken regarding this game are spot on. Now, if they just had brought back the war room ambience when you zoom out the map like they did in Ruse, it'd be simply perfect. As it is, it's bloody brilliant."
76561198119661140,Not Recommended,572410,35254274,Posted: 27 September,all,Alpharius,"has fun aspects compared to other strategy games that excelled at their missions and solo play but the game soon becomes a grind. from the cpu moving to right out of AT range or units dieing without notification from other inf. it tries to give u 20+ units like total war and have u fight over the entire battlefield many times the total war size. i feel like it's a good mechanical game from individual units and their interaction but it falls well short after that. with poorly programmed cpu as it min maxxis at every opportunity bringing what should be a fun game reminiscing of old sudden strikes, gettysburg and all of those fun marshaling of forces games into constant pausing to ""bullet time"" turning what is a 30 min mission into around 2 hours of bullet time with occasional unpausing to see where my artillery lands.play the first mission if u want to give this a try as its a fun one and what this game should have aimed for then try another from one of the other campaigns or a skirmish cause that's what this game is really about."
76561198053350603,Recommended,572410,31533992,Posted: 3 May,all,WendellThrewUp,"This is amazing, and exactly what Wargame: WW2 should be. The Frontline system, Division based deck building, and Phase system are tremendously interesting. Eugen and Paradox have a real winner on their hands, and it's easy to see how this can continue as a viable and exciting franchise into the future. Bring it on, I can't wait to see this evolve into further theaters."
,Recommended,572410,32237920,Posted: 7 June,all,Tajin,"They've made some very good improvements to the controls and UI compared with Wargame. The ability to visually queue up commands (any kind of command) makes it a lot more enjoyable and I really miss that feature now when I go back to Wargame.The wargame series (and this obviously) are pretty much my favourite RTS game. Grand scale, good realism, great selection of units, nice maps, good graphics, what more could you wish for in an RTS?I also kinda like the frontline mechanic, it probably wouldn't fit for wargame but it certainly goes very well with the WW2 setting."
,Recommended,572410,31071197,Posted: 10 April,all,Ratata,The availability of units is supposed to be based on how fast they could be deployed in reality..............10/10 would get rushed by a heavy churchill tank (24 km/h) that arrives 10 mins before my recon-kradschützen (60++km/h) again!
76561198023971921,Recommended,572410,31711291,Posted: 12 May,all,ICStarz,"Best WW2 RTS I have played in a while, I just hope the developer can sort out some minor balancing issues. Luckily it is still in beta."
76561197960590320,Not Recommended,572410,33400522,Posted: 9 July,all,Noxiller,"SD has some cool ideas but still needs a lot of tweaking.Unit AI sucksLagsUnbalanced Battlegroups (I get the idea behind it, but I doesn´t seem to work)..."
,Recommended,572410,33492391,Posted: 12 July,all,Sartor Resartus,"Steel Division looks like just a reskin of the Wargame titles at first glance, but it is definitely it's own game. If you've ever played Flames of War, this feels a lot like that if it were adapted into a video game. There's a nice variety of play-style between Axis/Allies and within those the different divisions - e.g. an Airborne division plays very differently from anything else. This will be a point of departure for Wargame veterans though, as within the division itself there's not many options. So whereas in Wargame you would select the DDR and then use unit composition to build 3-4 different flavors of a DDR army - in Steel Division you pick, say, 101st Airborne and you only have one or two ways to play them. I personally don't feel like this limits choices for tactical options, it just changes at which point in the composition process that you make those decisions.The game looks as good as previous titles and makes for some great screenshots. Unfortunately you spend a lot of time zoomed out so if you really want to soak in the destruction you'll have to watch a replay. There are a few sloppy jobs in the modelling department, specifically with infantry uniforms. As of writing this hasn't been fixed but that will hopefully change in the future. UI is functional, more so than a lot of WW2 wargames. Sound isn't really exciting but different weapon systems are usually easily to identify by their sound so it at least serves it's purpose.Where this game excels is in it's feedback to the user. A good strategy game needs to let a player experiment, and punish/reward that experimentation in ways that teach lessons to the player. Previous wargame titles were very good at this and Steel Division is no exception. What seems a daunting game at first is actually very good at teaching you what you did wrong - especially if you take the time to watch your replays, most notable the replays of matches where you lose. Don't let your impression of the learning curve scare you off, SD44 teaches you it's mechanics effectively.The real disappointment with SD is the campaign. It's there, and it's not terrible but it feels very formulaic and by-the-numbers. MOWAS2 was guilty of this as well. Good campaigns use the advantage of scripted encounters to create interesting challenges and scenarios. My favorite examples are the missions where you attempt to hold Hill 112 in the original of Company of Heroes. There's nothing like that here which is a shame because Eugen's previous titles have shown us that they can produce a really good campaign. It's even more important in SD44 because the niche status means the multiplayer community will never rival a game like CoH2. They could've given it so much more longevity if the single-player had more depth. There's some discussion about more SP content coming out later as DLC but that seems unlikely at this point.If you like WW2 strategy games, SD44 is worth checking out. I can't really recommend this to anyone who isn't in it for the historical time period though as you can get a better experience playing the campaign of an older Eugen title. Keep an eye out for post-release content."
,Recommended,572410,31987039,Posted: 26 May,all,Roboticwonderwaffle,"I love this game. Seriously. Just a few down sides.It's very VERY heavy on the micro managing. Meaning every troop you have. Every single one needs near constant attention to do what you want it to. This can be too much for casual or new players. Yes it becomes easier when you play with a group but, its very very detailed. IT also feels a bit like the campaign is not really a campaign but a nice way to tell you that you suck and need a more detailed tutorial.However. Every thing about this game screams perfection ( besides the down sides) Beautiful game, good simulation. Epic strategy. Its just so fun when you get what you want right. Very rewarding when your risk pays off. Its just so damn hard sometimes."
,Not Recommended,572410,33891482,Posted: 29 July,all,The Scrubmeister,"I want to reccommend this game, as I've liked most Eugen titles over the years and I've also been wanting some kind of sequel to R.U.S.E. for quite some time now. I've played Steel Div since day 2 of the pre-order beta until a week after release.Per se Steel Division isn't too shabby, but I would neither buy nor play this game over Wargame: Red Dragon.Here's why:1) AA: AA is borderline useless in Steel Division: you need to spam it up the wazoo to get some sort of effectivness, especially against bombers. It is only useful when combined with a fighter.2) Arty: Arty was annoying in Wargame, but bareable, as decent players would recognize that to kill units, you actually need stuff on the frontline. In Steel Div, he who spams the most arty first wins, as it stuns and obliterates infantry, it stuns light vehicles, it even stuns ADVANCED MEDIUM TANKS such as the Panther in about 3-6 rounds. It's just broken.3) Tanks: In Wargame, there were healthpoints. So even if your tank didn't manage to hit jacksh!t, it could still take a few rounds and you could retreat it / smoke it off. In Steel Div, you can have the ♥♥♥♥♥iest tank on the planet. This tank will have 2% chance to hit and 2% chance to penetrate a Tiger. That's 0,004% chance to kill a Tiger. And yet, this Tiger CAN actually die and it actually did for me once. in the same fashion, all German tanks have tons of veterancy, so they hit every round, so it's not unusual that 1 single German tank will kill off 2 or more high-end allied TDs.4) Plane balance: The best, and pretty much only bet Allies have to counter German late-game armour is AT planes. Except, you need AT LEAST 4 to kill ONE Panther. (I've played Axis/Allies roughly 60/40, but I just find this so bullsh!t).The immersion is great, infantry balance is ok, but the abovementioned features make this game not playworthy if you can play Wargame instead, which is graphically better, just as immersive, better balanced, and overall requires more skill, as it is not 100% rng-dependant."
76561198007343376,Not Recommended,572410,31470264,Posted: 30 April,all,Pontifex015,"I have played over 40 hours in the Beta. I am a big big big fan of the wargame series and I was hyped by the fact Eugen moved to the WW2 theme. But the game is until now a dissapointment. The problem is the gameplay online. Its just one big arty spam! Without that, the game would be great. But the last weeks its just frustating and the whole tactical ellement of the game is lost.A other pitty is that the grafics are arcady, but thats just a matter of taste. The amount of detail is just great! (Again... standard by Eugen I believe). Also the maps, the battlegroup system is fantastic.The only thing that is a real dissapointment is (like i said) the gameplay. Arty spam, arty spam and again a arty spam. An other big problem is that there is no way of telling on forhand if you got a ballenced multiplayer match. A shame......... Until now I can not reccomend this game (I would like to, but the fun factor is gone. Its more frustation.)Hint: put a lot of arty in your battlegroup and you stand a change or wil win."
,Recommended,572410,34748026,Posted: 4 September,all,AJ_47951,Steel Division Normandy 44 has a tough learning curve but this is one of the best RTS I've ever played.
,Recommended,572410,31067312,Posted: 10 April,all,TomⒶrky,"About the beta:Very tactical game about positioning taking cover and LOS. Very satisfying when an ambush works.Control wise everything works very well and it is not very micro intensife. Using the different classes and adapt to changing situation is fun and challenging. LOS tool (bound to ""c"") is much needed and appriciated.However, in the beta there are only limited maps AND units available but it is a good preview of what is to come.Grafics when zoomed in max could maybe be improved a bit, but atm it runs fine on max settings on my system.Enjoying it right now, in the future it can only get better.Can recommend it as a preview or sneek peek if you are interested in the game and can't take waiting any longer.However, it is a beta and besides limited contend and maybe some balancing issues, disconnect may happen as well.Just be aware of that before you op-in. If you want a finished product i would recommend waiting.This will be changed when new stuff is released during the beta or when the game is released."
,Recommended,572410,31005648,Posted: 7 April,all,Brass.QC,"Eugen does it again, this time with our favorite war setting, WW2. As a huge fan of the Wargame series, I appreciate the fresh ideas they inserted, while keeping the old ones that worked well.Tanks and infantry still need to work together if you want to win. Using planes is also very fun and easy, but they're more resilient to AA.Divisions are interesting and balanced. Gotta love those Panther tanks!The gameplay tweaks they introduced are welcome, like the stress inflicted to units, the 3 phases system, the fallback mechanic, the travel and unload shortcut with autocover or the new dynamic frontline. The graphics are good, units and terrain are very sharp, towns are well done, but I still prefer the ammo/shell tracers from Wargame. Some grass textures could be better also.The multiplayer is stable and 10vs10 is epic, as always.Can't wait for beta to finish and get my hands on the full game! It's already a must-buy for RTS lovers!"
,Recommended,572410,31214305,Posted: 18 April,all,The Mountain,"The game is far from finished but this is what you get for being in Beta build, to knot out the bugs. Paradox will polish this game up whether its in a month or five dlc's I'll probably play it still!"
76561197965422711,Recommended,572410,31063044,Posted: 10 April,all,roirraw,"This game is by far the most addictive and enjoyable game I have played in recent memory.  I can't stress it enough, there is no other game that comes close to the multiplayer experience. It's hard to learn, somewhat overwhelming with options of units, map locations, when to buy units or where to deploy them. Every battlegroup requires you to plan and play your strengths and weaknesses to the terrain at hand.  Those who have the patience to learn and play the game out past about 50 hours should get the hang of things. It might help to try and find those who have been playing for awhile and get some tips and pointers about how to move units, how to attack, support an attack and/or defend properly.There is no other strategy game that comes close to this. Wargame was it's own flavor, Ruse was Ruse. This is exactly where I wanted to see an RTS game go. Just needs some brave players to get past the negative review anxiety, learn the game and play it."
76561197996888975,Not Recommended,572410,32049562,Posted: 29 May,all,Colossian,"At first I was excited by this game, but this faded away over 20 or so games I played in campaign and skirmish.THe main issue is that this game lacks actual strategy.  It is all about MICROMANAGEMENT. It is stressful and anger-inducing to play.  I prefer a game that where the AI can't immediately shoot you from 1000 meters away through a small gap in the trees as soon as you appear.COH and MOW are far more enjoyable to play."
76561197998846783,Recommended,572410,31057710,Posted: 10 April,all,TacoShank,"I bought this game on a whim and it turned out to be quite awesome!For me this game strikes the perfect balance of strategy and micro. I don't enjoy most RTS games because I want to be able to actually think about what I'm doing and where I'm moving things instead of focusing on APM. Most of these games never give me a chance to breath. Luckily Steel Division is a MUCH slower-paced game then something like say Company of Heroes, or even Men at War. It's more in line with something like Total War. I can actually enjoy the multiplayer and when I lose it feels like it's because my opponent played smarter, not because I couldn't multitask fast enough. However, you still get to have some micro-ing fun when having tank battles with your opponent, trying to outmaneuver them to get a nice side-shot on their tank for example.The other thing that feeds into the more strategy focused gameplay is the excellent camera. I love being able to zoom way out and see the entire battle. The super-zoomed in cameras of other RTS games feels claustrophobic and makes multitasking difficult compared to Steel Division. It should also be noted that the controls are super fluid (this game is surprisingly accessible). Thank god someone finally gets that edge panning with a mouse is stupid. You move the camera around with WASD instead and it's infinitely better. I think this is probably the first RTS I've played where I don't constantly think about and fight with the camera.I haven't even mentioned the super-cool battlegroups system for deciding what units to take into battle! This is such a slick system and probably half the fun of the game is building different decks of units. It gives me a bit of a Hearthstone/card game vibe when I try to figure out the best build.Also, the way that you use the hedgerows/forests and other cover on the map is very intuitive and the way it is used feels totally unique. Positioning units and using this cover to block lines of sight is a large part of where the strategy and fun comes into this game.Lastly, each type of unit feels useful to me and all of the units and factions seem to have pretty great balance. I like that each unit excels in certain situations so you always need to be on your toes and switch up unit types based on what the enemy is doing. You can't just make a huge ball of tanks and roflstomp the enemy, they will use AT guns, arty and air support to blow you to kingdom come.Overall I can't wait for the full release so I can see all the other awesome content they will be adding! I think this is a must-buy for anyone who likes slower and more strategic RTS games, and especially a must buy for anyone who likes games like Total War or table top wargames."
76561197972902294,Recommended,572410,31001056,Posted: 7 April,all,Vite,"Wargame, only a little more simpler and at the same time more action as the map is smaller and continuously change depending on who has units in the area and not.This might just be enough to create an rts with a suitable player base for the future to come.Great Game"
76561198035728786,Recommended,572410,30977792,Posted: 6 April,all,Why so Slaty?,"My first review wooo me.I've only played very little of this game but I can already feel like this could be the next big WW2 RTS.YES it's early and in beta but I've played 3 games with a friend and I loved every minute.Very competitive, very strategic and veryaddictive.What else can I say? If you loved games like COH 1-2, MoW and obviously the wargames. Then give it ago!"
,Recommended,572410,31341365,Posted: 24 April,all,Cedjoe,Nice comeback after Act of Aggression
76561198143359732,Recommended,572410,31461928,Posted: 30 April,all,Variable,"Its already a great RTS and its not even finished yet. Slower placed than Wargame series, which for me is better. graphically looks lovley, the divisions are not all there at the moment. Love it. keep up the good work."
76561198022296391,Recommended,572410,31609199,Posted: 7 May,all,MacAttack,"I always wondered if Eugene Systems was going to do something like Steel Division.  This is a great game.  It's not out yet, and all the features aren't added yet, and I still give it a strong recommendation.  There are some minor issues that I hope they tweak, and, to be fair, if they don't the mod world probably will in time.  For instance tanks armor seems to be needing a re-look, small 2 man infantry flamethrower units can fry an entire 9 man squad while they are in deep cover.  and then, turnaround and fry another one.  The AI seems strong if you're playing solo.  It seems to find and try to exploit your weaknesses.  I really like pounding the enemy with JU-88's in multiplayer, it can really screw up their day if they have allot of units bunched together.  Attacking with aircraft is fun.  Keep in mind at this point there are only 8 divisions to choose from, when this is released there will be a whopping 18.  I do have to say to though, it is a graphics hog.  I mean, I have a decent upper I7 with 16 gb mem, and a 650M card and all my setting but a few are at low...and I still stutter a bit here and there.  So with all that said, this game overall, if you're a WWII buff or strategy buff, is a must buy, and at this point still gets a 7.5/10, and I know from Air Land Battle, it's predicessor, that Eugene does improve and listen to its community, so I'm excited about many games on this ahead."
76561197970969029,Recommended,572410,31513529,Posted: 2 May,all,Catweazle,"Well on the whole not a bad game.  I'ts not there yet and still needs working on.  I guess too it all depends on what type of game you want.  Smaller low point games as with Wargame are better.  In my opinion of course. Larger high point 10 v 10 games just devolve into spam 1 type of unit or another and it gets ever so tedious.  My personal gripe is that there is simply too much arty.  Every 10v10 game I've played and I mean every one just becomes an arty fest by stage C.I don't actually mind the mechanics of arty as some do, but there is just too much of it.  Mind you some people seem to like that.  Some claim it's easily dealt with.  It is to some degree, by pulling your own arty and countering  it, which leads to more arty being pulled and so on only adding to the problem.  Or bomb it, but any canny team absolutley loads ups on AA too meaning your planes are turned away before they can attack.The other problem with 10v10 games or any game for that matter is people dropping out.  Again a problem before in other wargame series.  No incentive to stay in team so if you ragequit or whatever you just join another game staright away if you so wish.  You can be doing just very nicely thankyou only to discover your flank has evaporated as someone has buggered off.I don't hold out much hope for Eugen doing anything about that as they didn't in previous games nor did they adress arty spam.  Hence it's best to start your own low point game, plenty seem to want to play that too which is where I think the game excels."
76561198007313074,Recommended,572410,34408560,Posted: 21 August,all,polynikes2007,"I love this game. It is NOT its predecessors and I have had to learn some new tactics and techniques that go along with this; however, WW2 is by far my favorite time period (along with everyone else on the planet apparently) and this allows me to dive into familiar mechanics in my favorite battles. There is not a lot of campaign content, and that is a downside, but seriously a must for WW2, RTS, Tactical/Operational Gamers and of course, Wargame fans."
,Recommended,572410,30970513,Posted: 5 April,all,Jaffacake239 [20th AIB],"This game is everything I have been hoping for since playing both R.U.S.E and the Wargame series. It has the detail of Wargame and, of course the most important part, the WW2 setting of R.U.S.E. It works great even now in its early launch stages. If you like Wargame and have been hoping for a WW2 version, here it is. If you liked R.U.S.E but were hoping for it to be more in depth and realistic, here it is."
,Recommended,572410,31215220,Posted: 18 April,all,Talon,"The beta is very fun, like a mixture between CoH and Wargame. Going to be one of the best stradegy games released this year."
,Recommended,572410,31072895,Posted: 10 April,all,Vasily Chuikov,"Only two maps right now, but well worth the money, great multiplayer with many tense moments, can't wait for the full game."
76561198173170335,Recommended,572410,32076962,Posted: 30 May,all,Spitfire976,"This is a rather unique RTS. It portrays combined arms combat in the best way that I've ever seen. The combat is largely based in the supression mechanic, which once a unit is supressed it can't be effective in combat, and it might be killed or surrender to the enemy.A warning though, this game, dispite it's rather good tutorial, has a huge learning curve, so I'd reccomend in multiplayer in larger matches like 4v4 or 10v10s, as you will command a smaller section of the front.That brings two of the games unique features: the dynamic front line and the 10v10 matches. The former is the way that the game gives points to each team, acording to the percentage of the map they control. This allows for pushes in every part of the front to be relevant to the battle, opening the posibility for more advanced manoeuvres. It does bring a problem with it though, the enemy will always know that a troop movement it's happening, but unless he have a recon unit they wont know what you're forces are made of. The later is great fun, and it's the size of the battles in the official servers. A word of warning though, they were rather unstable at lunch, however the it seems to be fixed by know.The deck system is too complex to explain,and this review is already  big, so I'd recomend you to look it up on youtube.Last but not least, the balance of the game. At this date, of map artilery is a bit too powerfull, and the aaa, in my opnion, their  range is too short. Overall the game is balanced.Concluding, Steel Division is the best RTS I've played since the days of Command and Conquer, and it fixes my main issue with that series, at requiring coordenation between diferent units and unit conservation. It's a hard game, you'll get frustated many times, but if you like strategy games you'll like this game."
76561198026460911,Recommended,572410,31997182,Posted: 27 May,all,JungleJake [RoB],"Did you ever wish Wargame was a WWII game? Well now it is. It plays nearly the same as the others. Infantry is alot better though, they can actually damage things and have a much improved AI (though they still do stupid things from time to time, its just less frequent than in other wargame titles). Tanks and artillery arnt as reliable any longer, but are still your primary units. And the front system is alot better than the zone system, it creates a more fluid battle rather than a race for an arbitrary objective. Overall I give it 7.5/10, its fun enough to play with friends, but I doubt I'll play much solo."
76561197993207471,Recommended,572410,31935400,Posted: 24 May,all,Kagna,"This, for me, is the perfect RTS game.   It incorporates line of sight and is not about bashing units into eachother knowing the better one will always win... its about placement and ambushes, etc...Really cool card/division building lets you add your own flavour to each division and tune it the way you like.If you like RTS and/or WW2 games, this is it"
76561197964104201,Recommended,572410,32564582,Posted: 19 June,all,RpgGotMe,"I would recommend this game, unlike wargame franchise tanks cant enter and move freely through wooded areas, it gives an actual purpose to infantry in terms of taking ground and flushing out enemy troops and hidden units.infantry are generally week but theyre cheep, they hide and hold ground well. Only axis AT weapons, pfaust and schrek are any good vs vehicles.tanks are problematic, they are hard to use well and easy to lose, AT guns are easy enough to hide and most tanks are vulnerable most of the time while in sight and range of them, AT is velnerable to arty, trick is to keep them hideen and move after firing, otherwise they get barraged. Tanks can alos kill them but dont often get the first shot at them.Balance- My only gripe with this game is certain axis divisions are  incredibly powerful. The massive disparagy between allied and axis tanks was real, but the ingame prices dont account for it. Tanks like the sherman are unable to defeat all but the weakest axis tanks, they arent available until late game in most divisions and cost so much there is no point in using them, they are vulnerable to nearly all axis AT weapons, compared to the kingtiger which is invulnerable to most AT fire and frontally only vulnerable to the very most powerful allied AT gun, 17 pounder british, americans get nothing close to its power, and the 17 pounder needs to be within 600 metres to penetrate a kt. the KT costs just 380.... for a tank that is almost impossible to defeat, its a similar story with panther and tiger E except not quite as bad news. Basicvally allied tanks save for the firely are totally useless and expensive, axis tanks are all useful and very cheep for their power... add to all this most axis tanks come with veteran stars so they almost never miss and you can see how tanks battles go..."
76561197972262944,Recommended,572410,32606540,Posted: 20 June,all,lXXPunish3rXXl,"I don’t review to many games but this game is absolutely amazing. I tried the Wargame games but they were WAY TOO HARD because it was too fast paced. I love that you can slow this game down nice and slow so us older gamers who can’t think as fast as they once could can actually have a chance. I really love the World War 2 setting, it just fits better. Less reliance on modern technology to give you leg up and just more pure strategy and a little luck involved.I cannot recommend this game enough. If you are on the fence about getting this game and like me had too much trouble with the Wargame…games before it, do yourself a favor and give this game a shot, slow it down to the very slow setting and see if it draws you in as it has I.I must admit that I am not a fan of multiplayer games and as such I haven’t even thought of trying it on this game, this review is purely based on single player campaign and offline skirmish mode, which are AWESOME."
76561198061968221,Recommended,572410,31514437,Posted: 2 May,all,HottAndWet,"I feel like this game was made for me. My friends and I have enjoyed Wargame since the days of EE, but our hours of gameplay were always accompanied by my endless ♥♥♥♥♥ing about modern settings being boring, and how planes stopped being cool when they stopped having propellers. So, I'll ask you; are you like me? Do you long for the days where the good guys wore gaiters and the bad guys wore gray? Then Steel Division: Normandy 44 is the game for you! I always figured that a WWII Wargame was inevitable, and here it is! What a time to be alive! From a gameplay side of things, obviously it's a little more slow-paced than Wargame, so it's a little more easy to comprehend. Gone are capture points, now we have the dynamic front system which, while not perfect, I think adds a depth to the game because you have to cover your flanks, and if your attack gets bogged down by a strongpoint, just go around it! Also, your units are split into three ""Phases"" which limited what can get called in and when, so it cuts down a lot of the spammy BS. If you do decide to get this game, please spend a couple hours playing against AI to get the hang of things. It will be much more enjoyable for you and your teammates, but once you think you're ready, jump online! It's still the beta, so most people are still learning. Now is the perfect time to practice! Overall, I'd give this game an 8/10 in it's current state. There are possibly some balance issues, but nothing too noticeable. Plus all of the divisions and maps haven't been added yet, so they could help. Usually the people that whine abut balance are just bad. I haven't had any problems with any of the divisions with the exception of the 91 Luftlande, but they're more of a support deck anyway.In closing, if you like WWII or Wargame or both, I HIGHLY recommend this game. I honestly don't plan on playing anything else until Red Dead 2 comes out. Happy (Panther) hunting!"
,Recommended,572410,33178344,Posted: 3 July,all,Srle_Vigilante,"While I’m playing I can’t get the feeling out of my head that I’m playing a WWII Command and Conquer, it actually makes me cry (even though there is no base building and recourse gathering >.>).That a side the game is amazing, polished and in my noob experience so far balanced.I couldn't find anything really wrong or broken in the game except the sounds, which are really bad to say the least. Thank god for the active moding community that fixed my MG42s and NebelWerfers <3.So, if you are looking for a good strategy game, I would say look no further."
76561198145674841,Recommended,572410,35205365,Posted: 25 September,all,Dudley [SuperiorServers.Co],Bloody great game single-player and multiplayer. If you like RTS games this is a good choice and it's quite easy to learn basic but effective moves to pound your enemy!
76561198037154526,Recommended,572410,34490258,Posted: 25 August,all,(EC)Hort55,I enjoy this game but to be honest would be a lot better if it had a campgain like Wargame where it was territorial conqest or even a mode like that
76561198010236282,Recommended,572410,31120853,Posted: 13 April,all,LunaWolves,"Loved all the war game..titles.     This game is an evolution of the previous games.  Great mechanics, great graphics.The game play is fun and historical.....  But with all games in development, I would recommend holding off buying the game.The Allies are overpowered, Germans are underpowered.   Instance....   American Jumbo tanks which were produced historically in very few numbers cost only 180.  where german  main battle tank produced in numbers.... Panther G  is 240 points to purchase.  The jumbo will destroy the panther and bounce 500lb aircraft bombs.   Anti- Aircraft fire in game is very in-effective.. on both sides.  You have your infantry hold there fire to surprise enemy infantry in the open but are spotted at long range and are blown to pieces.The game is awesome and very fun....with that said It still needs a lot of tweeking to get ratings right.  If you can live with this then buy the game.  If you are one who is all about everything being right as rain..hold off."
,Recommended,572410,31069265,Posted: 10 April,all,Veteran of Forum Wars,"It's basically Wargame. But that's not a bad thing. The things changed this time around are enough to make it interesting enough aside from the WW2 coating.-The frontline system is flat better than sectors from WG.-The phase system adds varying depth of play, as time progresses you get more and more powerful units.-Lack of reinforceable HP, combined with morale system makes even a good engagement hurt more and allows a player that fell behind to catch back up.-Terrain changes alter engagements. Only infantry can enter bocage, forest, and buildings. Since vehicles are slower, and cannot fire on the move, they're more prone to ambushes without adequate recon. This makes infantry, much more vital.-Artillery ranges decreased, smoke less prevalent. Long range for an artillery piece is 2400m, half the range of a tank destroyer or AT gun. Not all of them carry smoke either so generally if you need smoke, the artillery has to get up close, thus making it vulnerable.-Planes on the whole are more effective until the opposition has amassed a large AA screen or buys a couple of fighters. On the other hand, unless you're airborne or infantry, you get a LOT less planes.-I'm not a comp stomper, but I did play one AI match, and on medium it seemed WORLDS better than few times I've played Wargame's AI."
76561197965468304,Recommended,572410,31364035,Posted: 25 April,all,TylaBallz,love the game .. a different strategy game then we are used to with Company of heroes . Men of honor  or whatever . but its a great game .. Different strategic ways to win the battle every time . makes you really feel like a commander of a panzer division back in 44 .
76561198113577421,Recommended,572410,31363072,Posted: 25 April,all,SaInT,Really great so far im enjoying the h-e-l-l out of this game in fact I would say one of the best rts games out. There is only a few minor things that need to be fixed like unit balancing but its things I feel will be ironed out within no time.
76561198206001368,Recommended,572410,31827423,Posted: 18 May,all,antijeeves1,I have 45 hours in the Beta and I love it.  I just wanted to say (for the benefit of any fellow Close Combat fans):  This game does an excellent job of bringing a Close Combat-style experience into the 21st century.  Thanks Eugen and Paradox!  Just the game I've been waiting for!
76561198012531965,Recommended,572410,31358751,Posted: 25 April,all,GHOST,wargame - WORLD WAR 2.LOVE IT!
76561198101972876,Recommended,572410,31939652,Posted: 24 May,all,Zylus,Like Rommel in Africa but everyone sucks and you arent in Africa. 9/10
76561198044570463,Recommended,572410,31021704,Posted: 8 April,all,Sandwich Maker,"Overall, I think this really could be a breakthrough in WW2 Wargaming. However:- I would love to see more units per card (+50 or 75% maybe). In 4vs4 map size I felt I had not enough forces to reasonably ""cover"" the front, and after loosing some units I found it too hard in getting my way through the battlefield.- More balance in unit limitations. In the Normandy campaing, Allied armies had a superiority in firepower and supplies. On the other hand, German tanks and armoured vehicles were fewer in number but generally better armed.- Terrain accidents improvement. I know this game is based on the Normandy flat valleys, but I also would love to see more diversity in terrains such as hills and dales.- More realism (or maybe is Quality?) in audio effects: Explosions, firing, motor roaring, tracked vehicles across country, etc.- Offload HERE option for transports as in the Wargame Series.- Morale system improvement. Maybe using some modifiers per Division, where the elite SS Divisions have less morale penalties, since their courage was more fanatical. And the rest of the Divisions more dependant on a (bigger) Command units' aura of influence. Just a couple of ideas.- Please give us some modding tools! It really would be too much asking for a map editor, units editor?Steel Division as in this Beta version is a good game. However you guys are the creators of the Europa Universalis, Hearts of Iron and the Wargame series, which I've enjoyed a lot. So I think you have the experience to deliver one of the Best WW2 strategy videogames ever.I'll post more observations and comments later."
76561197970677783,Recommended,572410,31127313,Posted: 13 April,all,Carakanz,"Excellent tactical strategy game.  Almost like a giant Company of Heroes game but with full control of aircraft as well as tanks, infantry, artillery, anti-air and more.  Love the 10 vs 10 matches with plenty of unit variety to customize your army as you see fit.  If you like RTS games you should check it out."
76561198289733822,Recommended,572410,32480753,Posted: 16 June,all,Avistare,"I've found this game to be quite enjoyable, having played many RTS games including Eugen's wargame series this is a nice move in a great direction for the genre.So far, the balance in battle is great! Frontlines and supression mechanic's really make the game feel authentic, no longer can you just spam tanks or helo's for the win.The unit's in game are also something to be admired, including great detail every unit performs with purpose. There are no ""cure all"" units, they all have strengths and weaknesses to consider as well as when and where to use them.Can't wait for more content as Eugen has done a great job with they're past titles, I'm very much looking forward to what they have in store for this one.Definitly worth the $40 if you're a Wargame fan, or enjoy the RTS genre."
,Recommended,572410,31920954,Posted: 23 May,all,멋쟁이징징이,"one of the best wwII RTS in the market thus far. great balance between realism and gameplay. great balance between axis and allies and even a great modding support! if your in to wwII or RTS, it's a must have I have to say"
76561198024339528,Recommended,572410,31542061,Posted: 4 May,all,Son Of Perdition,"You know, the game doesn't run the best on my PC. It's not finished or all that optimized. And the content at the moment is a but light, again, it's in beta at the time of writing this.But dear god is it the best feeling ever when you finally get the upper hand and counter attack. And then if your counter attack breaks through the front line and you reach that soft squishy little resistance ground, oh it's wonderful.But enough about that, the game is solid even with a quarter of the future content, the Devs seem responsible, and the premise is great. So...10/10 Will blitzkrieg again."
76561198025512111,Recommended,572410,35160418,Posted: 23 September,all,xXSunSlayerXx,"The best game Eugen Systems has released so far (yes, I think it's better than RUSE). They took basically all the eternal bugbears of the Wargame series and fixed them:+All units and decks are viable, where in WG there where a lot of useless units and deck options cluttering up the deck building and making the game intimidating to newer players.+Better pacing due to the '3 Phases System', where in WG people either brought their best units at the start of the game or spammed absurd amount of cheap ones.+Meaningful combined arms gameplay, where WG was 80% tanks.+Conquest in this game is the best game mode I've ever seen in an RTS. No clumping up at points of interest, no tedious poking and harassing behind enemy lines, no artificial high value wooden sheds, no superficial base building:Just two teams, a line between them and the goal of taking ground.+Where in WG, the AI was blatantly cheating in every respect yet still terrible, the AI in SD is not only surprisingly potent, it also does not cheat at all on Easy and Medium. On higher difficulty settings, it gets an income buff, but not even the highest difficulty AI uses any cheats in actual combat, like f.e. the 'wall hack' it had in WG.Unlike WG, I would absolutely recommend this game to 'skirmishers' and 'comp-stompers'.Of course, not absolutely everything is perfect:-The campaign is fairly short. The devs announced free CO-OP missions down the road, but if you are looking for high quality story driven campaigns, this game is not for you.-Artillery and air combat, despite being IMO significantly better than in WG, will always annoy some people in the way they are implemented.-The game has a somewhat small player base, if you live in the middle of nowhere you might have a hard time finding online matches.Overall, I would definitely recommend buying the game if large-scale RTS games are your thing."
76561198083870919,Recommended,572410,35038417,Posted: 17 September,all,SwineDad,"When people compare this game to Wargame: Red Dragon, it's likely they consider Wargame: RD to be superior to Steel Division. This puzzles me because when Red Dragon was released, many fans were very dissapointed with the naval mechanics and there was a lot of negativity around the game. Many said RD was a waste of money and players should stick to the previous title, Wargame: Airland Battle, so now that Steel Division has come out, some players say to play their previous game.Any talk about how it's a ""dead game"" is flat out wrong. I will create lobbies and they will almost always be filled in under 10 minutes. The only gamemode which suffers from a lack of players is 10v10s, while I rarely play them, I frequently see 10v10s stuck with 10-18 players. Furthermore, the 10v10 problem isn't even exclusive to Steel Division! queueing up for 10v10s in RD takes just as long!Many complaints people have about the gameplay are just them being ignorant of how to play the game. By no means is it Wargame, and it should not be played as such. Steel Division is very much a 'Rock Paper Scissors' game. If you are getting ♥♥♥♥ed up by some scissors, don't keep playing ♥♥♥♥ing paper, and adjust your frontline composition accordingly. The units take awhile to reach the frontline so this requires planning and preparing for what your enemy will bring.Complaints about balancing? No game has ever had perfect balancing, and the devs try their best to adjust the balancing as they see fit. Every battlegroup can be countered, but sometimes, the other player is just better than you and there isn't much you can do but learn from your mistakes and adjust your battlegroup for the next game. Each battlegroup is as good as you play it.Complaints about map variety? Look up some pictures of Normandy and you'll see how it looks. I find complaints about map variety funny because people who complain about not enough map variety also complain units don't have historically accurate stats. That's just a huge contradiction, if you want historically accurate units wouldn't you want historically accurate maps? As far as the maps go, there is plenty of variety but the numerous hedgerows are a re-occuring theme throughout the game.Veteran RTS players and newcomers alike, I highly reccomend you look past many of the negative reviews because many of these players simply aren't willing to learn the new strategies that are different from wargame's (you can't heli rush). I reccomend a purchase to anyone who is on the fence because of the negative reviews. RTS's aren't for everyone and if you don't like the genre then you won't like this game. I encourage Wargame players to make a purchase. Also, you can always refund games you don't like so if for some reason you don't enjoy the game just return it.TL;DR: Many complaints aren't warrented and Wargame players are mad that this isn't a wargame sequel so they flood with negative reviews. Balance complaints are usually from people who are bad."
76561198007761167,Recommended,572410,34785563,Posted: 6 September,all,geozero,"THIS IS AN AWESOME GAME!Every few years a game comes along that really pushes the boundaries forward - and this one is no different.While it is based on some time tested Wargame and Ruse game systems, bringing the series to WW2 seems lilke a no-brainer (and I for one would love to see a full fledged Vietnam War full new game version).The maps are amazing, and anyone who has played the Close Combat games will feel right at home, except better, because in Steel Division you get amazing unit graphics (not just tiny sprites) and better sound, UI, and basically everything.Yeah I'm gushing.  But I had followed this game and not played the series.  I just listened to too much negative reviews, and didn't fully appreciate the depth of the game.This game - especially through several mods - has amazing sound, and graphics, and just plays right.  There's even a mod to practically slow down time, though I wish the devs just came out with a patch that had a pause button.  Anyway, even in bullet time you have enough time to get around.I'm looking forward to more unit decks, and already making some of my own.  I've been a scenario and map designer on other wargames and this one really has stunning maps.  Seriously would be a huge benefit to come up with map editor built in to the game where we could design and upload into workshop user made maps.  I think that would push this over to be the best little wargame ever."
,Recommended,572410,34359307,Posted: 19 August,all,Decider [Outflank.io],The phase and the leadership bonus systems are a great improvement over the Wargame formula. Great multiplayer experience - if you're new to the game 10v10 games can be a useful tool to help learn the tactics of the nations. The overal tactical map is a good addition.
76561197963220842,Recommended,572410,34942247,Posted: 13 September,all,Pops,"Best tactical WWII game since 'Close Combat'. The spiritual decendant of the Avalon Hill masterpiece 'Squad Leader' and 'ASL' board games. Nearly perfect, and very addictive. Thanks Eugen Devs!"
76561198007579277,Not Recommended,572410,35193621,Posted: 24 September,all,Jeff,"I have only put 2.6 hours in...I fully confess there is potential that more hours may change my opinion, however, I play a lot of games and I have learned to appreciate that time invested in games can lead to a big payoff.   I am writing this because I do not want to invest that time.  My experience is so bland and unfun, I would rather put on the suit and go to work at my job.  Yes, it feels that bad.   I played the original Europa Universalis.  I was one of those crazy people who endured the long learning curve to realize there was a gem of a game there.  I did so because there was always an interest to try it, to learn, to do more.   I just don't have any of that mojo when I play this game.Perhaps I'm too analytical.  I want to look at every unit, I want to feel a sense of growth and command over them.  In this, I just wait for units to walk...and walk....and walk.  Oh, they have a way to speed up the game, I'm aware of that....but then that leads to the 2nd frustration.  Units die fast if they are flanked or not in cover (very thematic and historical...no argument there).  So guess what that fast button does to me as I am waiting for the scouts to walk and walk and walk?  Yup....all dead.I think another reviewer wrote that by the time they finish giving commands to their units on the left, the ones on the right died.  They then reinforce to the right and issue commands only to find the left and center died.   That summed up my experience.  Perhaps someday I will get to a point where I am able to make quicker decisions and can clickfest my way through the line and control the troops?!?  I just don't know how exciting that proposition is for me.I want to have a line.  I want to be able to send troops to the line.  Control the support.  Be a bit more macro perhaps?  This game is too much micro for me.They say it is ""realtime"" but it feels more time spendy than a turn based game.I am very happy that it isn't another rock/paper/scissor game based off of starcraft mechanics (or those that came before it).  They really are trying to accomplish something different, and for that I applaud it.But I just have no interest in this.  I'm not excited.  Even the video in the campaign...I eventually hit escape to cut through it as it didn't hold my interest.I will try this again later...maybe...There are good games out there, and I do like Paradox.  I am just not sure this is the right game for me."
76561198083556526,Recommended,572410,31533823,Posted: 3 May,all,Le3ionPh8eniX,"If you like the setting or you like RTS games in general you should buy it. It will have 18 Divisions in total and lots of maps.Pros ;-Well optemized, I have windows 10 a 770 TI grafics card and a 10 year old processor and 8 ram and it runs very smooth with no crah sofar (15h)-Love the setting-Love how it plays with combined arms and positioning-Asymetrical gameplay (Axis vs. Allies) can be changed if you want to-Well balanced-From 1vs1 up too 10vs10-Deckbuilder (NO its not like a card game where your deck decides everything, the deckbuilder is for making your devision more specific and having different options or untis available)-Lots of DIFFRENT unitsCons;Cant really think of one except the matchmaking system which works just fine but they should use something more modern5/3/17 english is not my 1st language :P"
,Not Recommended,572410,33052527,Posted: 30 June,all,mar,poor balance
76561198017705418,Recommended,572410,33607125,Posted: 17 July,all,eRaio,"If You love old honest games like Blitzkrieg (1\2), Sudden Strike (1\2), Men of War series, so this game is without doubt."
76561198003666672,Not Recommended,572410,34180817,Posted: 11 August,all,bAsh 🤔,"-Matchmaker is bad implemented/too late(inmo. u should only be able to play a lobbygame with ppl. from your friendlist),so its 2017 and u play lobbysim allday.- Eugen alway´s liked too overtune units which incurred into very frustrating gamplay like Arty´s, Bomber´s and newly in SD Offmap-arty/tactical-nukes. Mortar´s are almost stronger than ""tube-arty"" in wargame red-dragon and to make matter´s worse units move much much slower than in wargame, so every frontline unit is just a ""sitting duck"".for future reference eugen, focus more on frontline-unit´s/""direct-fire-units""(tanks&infantry) and give arty and air the supporting role.despite that,  the balance is awfull... flamethrower-infantry(shouldnt excist in this game because they exploit the gamemechanic) ""force-retreats"" instantly, seperatecharges which oneshots a hole infantry squad, sniper´s .... etc. etc. ...-Veterancy is everything, if u want to play a division which has no veteran units, forget it.-tankcombat, when tankcombat actualy happen´s(because most of the time they will panic because of bomber´s and arty) it´s extremly RNG and one arty/rocket-arty-strike can panic your hole frontline of tanks in a splitsecound which resolves into mass-retreat where even the heaviest tank will show his rear armor an die.-AA, AA purpuse in this game is simple, it drain´s your supply thats all.. because, its either to expensive or too ineffective.so what is good about this game? i dont know, singleplayer is kinda meh too, which dosent bother that much. but, BECAUSE eugen annonced this game as an ""Multiplayer focused"" game where it absolutly fail´s, they had good idea´s... which dosent help when the execution is that bad."
,Recommended,572410,35166702,Posted: 23 September,all,Dralexus,"I love this game, but .... I am sure the Paradox curse will bring 100 paid dlc's with content which shoud've been in the base game."
76561198044362910,Recommended,572410,34852070,Posted: 9 September,all,TheIdiot,"First off, a little note I'd like to make before I begin:I understand a lot of the negative reviews for this game are due to its lack of online players. I am a single-player and LAN/friends-only kind of guy and therefore cannot put in any input on that front. Please check other reviews first if you plan on doing multiplayer as I have never played it and never will.Now, on to the actual review:Steel Division is a great, well-crafted and mostly refined strategy game which requires a good deal tactical planning if you plan on winning at all on the hardest difficulties. I've never played the WarGame series due to lack of interest in the setting, but it always seemed interesting and well-made, so I picked this up on sale to see what it was like; I can safely say now after playing it for quite a while that it is definitely worth the full price. You certainly get the bang for your buck, and the studio behind this game already have plans to release tons of free updates, as well as of course priced DLCs, which judging by the first soon to come, will certainly be worth their fair prices.Onto the game itself. One thing you will find very quickly is that scouting is a crucial part of the game, as is balancing between offense and defense, as well as artillery and support in the form of aircraft and paratroopers. The unit maneuvering and flow of battle reminded me of the Men of War series, but on a larger scale than MoW and with more focus on battlefield maneuvers than induvidual unit management (I should note that there is no resource management whatsoever - you recieve points relative to the amount of the map you control). There is no base building or villager management, as everything is done using a simple points system that accumulate over time. The AI is very competent and will use combined arms extensively to counter your units if you don't take your time to plan a strategy. They will certainly kick a new player's butt on medium or hard the first couple of times. Adapting your force to new threats and moving units around to where they will be most useful is key to victory. Establishing a defensive line before making a forward push is very important, as even the heavist of units can easily be wiped out due to poor reconaissance and lack of planning. Teamwork is also vital, and supporting a struggling teammate is very important, since a flanking counterattack from behind your front lines can completely decimate your forces, killing them or forcing surrender and securing that much more of the map for the enemy.There is also a great deal of customization, allowing you to pick real historical divisions that fought in Normandy and assemble your forces out of a massive variety of units used by said divisions, all the way from a puny Schwimmwagen to the mighty Tiger II. Present factions are the Wehrmacht and Waffen-SS on the German side, and the Americans, British, Canadians, Polish and French on the Allied side. In terms of mods, I highly recommend downloading the excellent ""Storm in the West '44"" mod if you want more historical accuracy, as well as setting the in-game resource income settings to the absolute lowest value in most games as this creates the most strategic and challenging experience and prevents any kind of unit spam.Overall, really great WWII strategy game with plenty of customization, variety, and tactics. I would recommend this to fans of the Men of War games, or perhaps the battle portion of the Total War series, as well as those with interest in the WWII period, as those are the games which came to mind first when playing this. Do not play if you're wanting a more straightforward game based around a few ironed-out strategies and a frantic pace, such as Company of Heroes or Age of Empires.Final Rating: 8/10"
76561198058010151,Recommended,572410,30997775,Posted: 7 April,all,hallodxDBL,>>Tried to Blitzkrieg as German.>>Pushed streight through until enemy buttom line.>>Enemy flanked my supply line.>>The whold map except the bubble was blue.>>I loose the game.11/10 will salute to those who did Blitzkrieg right before it was cool.
,Not Recommended,572410,31967852,Posted: 26 May,all,Tokyo Morose,"Although it has promise, I cannot reccommend this game, and that is after playing literally thousands of hours of Eugen's wargame series. To be blunt, balance is a joke. The two key things that completely wreck balance are the fact that AA is near-worthless (you too can have 16 AA guns up, with a leader buffing them and shoot down zero planes!), and only ever stops the first plane in a train from hitting you by panicing it to retreat, letting every other plane pound you.If the overwhelming effect of airpower isn't enough of an issue, the ""improved"" morale system will be. Everyone panics near-instantly. It is tooth gnashing to have guys throw grenades, and 37mm fire at your heavy tanks and they retreat under the hits, usually exposing their sides. Of course, having the command units around is supposed to help this, but nothing stops those command units from panicing themselves.Finally, there are a bunch of little things - like them putting in instant kill crits (literally in terms of crew and ammo, effectively in bailing out - there is no way to recrew bailed vehicles for no apparent reason)... despite the fact that any hit (even bounces or totally ineffective fire) can cause a hit. I have seen first hand a Panther blow up to a 37mm hit frontally due to a crit. Eugen needs to make it so that not all hits have a crit chance.The game systems are otherwise excellent, and it runs well enough. For all of the rest of the game being so good, I cannot reccommend an RTT (particularly a primarily PvP one) with such poor balance."
76561198007505912,Not Recommended,572410,32019362,Posted: 28 May,all,Badger,"Deeply flawed!It lacks any real strategic depth, just adding micromanagement and a timer does not make it strategic.A campaign, if you can call it that, which has no link!?! Create a battle group with units that carry no experience forward and then take only a small portion of them in to battle to be destroyed before you are allowed to bring the next wave forward. Paras that are always deployed via trucks, not sure that happened.Would I get a refund, yes, not a good way to spend £34.99, get it on offer but only if you like multi-player."
76561198006646513,Recommended,572410,31168280,Posted: 15 April,all,Thor,"At first look it looks same as wargame, but the new game mechanics really do make a difference, and imo for the best.I like the fact it's a bit slower (than Wargame), feels more tactical for me. The phases mechanics and the front line are as well very nice additions. Infantry matters much more now, and there's no ""command zones"" anymore which I personally appreciate (I always found kinda ridiculous that someone could contest a zone fully occupied by an army with a single command unit!)There's more changes, just check it out, it's worth if you like large scale RTS. Very good game!"
76561198052309655,Recommended,572410,31037206,Posted: 9 April,all,bernd,"As of currenlty i have to say no.Good:Gameplay is similar to wargame. In my opinion with some improvements like moral/ stunned. Furthermore the deployment face is made easier for everyone (especialy new players) due to being able to que orders before the game start. The new division mechanic is something which i like as well. Moreover graphics are not a realistic as wargame red dragon. However i think these graphics fit the game.As the game is still in beta. there are still very few division 4 in total with 2 per side.Bad:However the game is very unstable, having spend several hours trying to fix it and going from not starting to crashing 23/24  times (yes i actualy counted). However when the games has started everthing works fine. As long as you do not alt tab or something from outside of the game pops up.Because of this i can currently not advise the game. If/when this gets fixed I will change this.Update.Since the latest patch everything works fine. But only as long as during the start up I get the message ""Game did not terminate properly"" and press yes and after that error and press no. Weirdly enough I need the game to crash before I get that screen. But it works now."
,Recommended,572410,30988113,Posted: 6 April,all,Soviet,♥♥♥♥♥IS HYPETHINK AIRLAND BATTLE NOT RED DRAGON 10/10
76561198048930090,Recommended,572410,30986503,Posted: 6 April,all,Chichestertrevor5,"So I have about 50 mins/ 1 hour on this game right now and I have to say that I absolutely love what I see so far.For those of you who have played Eugen's Wargame series (I LOVE Wargame and have 100+ hours in) will relish this game. It's very similar to Wargame but they made some excellent improvements to the strategy genera. Battles are fought in different phases like on a real battlefield. For instance phase A is essentially light infantry, tanks/recon. You are essentially feeling out the enemy, prodding him here and there, seeing where he is weak... light contact. Phase B is an escalation, medium tanks, better infantry..etc. are now available as the light prodding turns into an all brawl with tanks pushing into villages, infantry clawing for every inch of every wood and treeline, artillery starts pounding fighting positions into dust. Phase C is an even higher escalation which supports your phase A and B troops.I haven't played multiplayer yet but with ""10 v 10"" brawls you can gleefully guarantee that it'll be real chaos!My real only gripe that I have is that there are some rough edges here and there with animation/graphics. I'm not too worried about it because I've owned each wargame in their Beta versions and they started out very similarly. By the end of Beta they polished each game up perfectly....I have no doubt this will be much the same.I really look forward to seeing where Eugen takes this series (I'm hoping and praying for some action on the Eastern Front as well as in the Pacific!)All in all, well played Eugen...well played!"
76561198079929926,Recommended,572410,31179054,Posted: 16 April,all,j|mmy,"You may read a lot of rants about this game, but to be fair, this is a game you are going to love to hate and eventually, as soon as you figure it out well, you will start to love to love. If you are in RTS games of course.While the game is compaired with Wargame series a lot, it does play a bit different. There is a phase system, which is quite nice in my opinion because it prevents spam of overpowered units. And also there are different game mechanics in terms of vechicle movement and field of view, where treelines block both vision and fire, therefore it forces a player to make use of the infantry, which plays a significant role in this game. Also this mechanics does make a room for pretty nice sneaky ambushes on units that you couldn't have killed in the open if they are superior to yours.The suppression is a very important feature in this game, where brute firepower can and will suppress even the toughest armor, forcing it to fall back, leaving it vunerable to executing shots. That is the reason why artillery and air support play a big role in this game.At the moment, there are 10 divisions to make a choice from, 5 each for allies and axis, and only multiplayer and solo skirmish against AI is available. Total of 18 divisions, tutorials and single player campaign are to be released with the full release.You might have read the reviews about the balance of this game, but to be honest the more you play, the more balanced it seems. While there could be and will be some more balancing in this game in paches to come, the game is usually misunderstood, and you could make a mistake by playing it like you would play some other RTS game that you got used to (even if it's a Wargame series game).The thing where most new players make mistake about this game is in assuming that you can win in this game by using brute force. There is NO unbeatable unit, like there wasn't in real life. You must think through your advance, figure out the strenghts and weaknesess of your units, and use the knowlege of the game mechanics in order to make ambushes against stronger units like I said earlier. Also there are a lot of rants about the artillery. While it is true that they can be annoying, you must realize that this is relatively fast paced game in the terms of making your moves before the enemy, where proper recon can help a lot. If you do things right and use the division you've chosen in the right way, you will either be steamrolling your opponent, or be a part of exciting and intense match.In Steel Division: Normandy 44, the proper use of combined arms is a must. You might only get a temporary advantage by spamming one type of units, but expirienced player would quickly figure you out and use counter measures, which could leave you extremely vunerable since you probably didn't deploy enough support.And also one more thing that was mentioned in some reviews is micro-management. After some time, when you start to know what you're doing, the micro management becomes moderately paced. There are a lot of ways to issue commands to your units in advance, so you can keep your focus on a more important part of the battlefield. The AI that controls unit's behaviour seems like it could use a bit more tweeking, but in most cases it behaves pretty decently.You could say that this is a hard game and players get so much better every day. So be prepared for some beating before you get good enough to be a part of epic battles. There is a ""quick game"" feature that is supposedly doing a matchmaking for you based on your stats, but I havent tested the option to be sure how it works. My advice for a new player would be to try 10v10 public server games, where you will learn a lot much faster than playing smaller games against much more expirienced players.This is a definite recommendation, but only if you are prepared to invest tens of hours in this game, so you can fully understand it and start enjoying it."
,Recommended,572410,31006559,Posted: 7 April,all,JZELA1023,Wow its a really fun game to play the AI is really responsive and will destroy you if you lose your guard. I got to say it has a learning curve and one that really fun to learn and get challenged I will highly recommend Steel Division: Normandy 44 it really fun.
,Recommended,572410,31235149,Posted: 19 April,all,Kalux,This feels like a good mix of Ruse and Men of War: Assault Squad 2. I am enjoying this so far.
76561198102935023,Recommended,572410,31068616,Posted: 10 April,all,BAW03,Very good cant wait till main game comes out
76561198147649552,Recommended,572410,31068116,Posted: 10 April,all,maxvello,A battle simulator that I was waiting for!
,Recommended,572410,31138791,Posted: 14 April,all,Crisp Rat,"Game is fun and definitely a good concept, however $40 is a bit too much for it. Grab it on sale for $20 or maybe 30, but 40 is just slightly too much for a beta phase game.Not saying the game is bad, it isnt. However id recommend buying it on May 23rd when its released, or during the beta after more things are added."
,Recommended,572410,30988912,Posted: 6 April,all,--=ASTRO=--,A ton of fun. The AI is *really* good.Smaller multiplayer games are a good time. 10 v 10 multiplayer gets a bit silly..
,Recommended,572410,31230272,Posted: 18 April,all,Supernova,"R.U.S.E. and Wargame just hooked up and had a baby in the form of this game. It takes each good component from RUSE (Like tanks can't camp in the woods and the WW2 setting) while combining a few other good details to the realism and technicality of Wargame (Unit autonomy and insane detail based on history as well as custom armies). So far the two maps that have been released show a lot of promise in the future maps to be released in the full game. They each offer a good area to showcase CQC and hedgerow field areas to showcase how recon and armored units will work.I was unsure about how I would like the new points scoring system, but I have to say, it is really nice and well done whilst being a simple concept. You push the front line to score points. The one thing that really peaved me in RUSE was scoring based on unit kill count or total domination and the one thing that peaved me in Wargame was cheese flanks and helo rushes that could de-capture your home spawn zone. WW2 is way less mechanized and heavily stands on your capability to micro manage tanks and infantry to repel enemy advances and stabalize front lines rather than flanking with a recon that has a wire-guided missile.If you are a strategy fan I would strongly encourage you to get this game. Although $40 seems like a lot, Eugen Systems have not let me down on an RTS game and I am confident that this game will be worth the price at the official release date."
,Not Recommended,572410,31036643,Posted: 9 April,all,魔人ぐだ子,"I love this game, but it's dying, there few and few ppl still in this game.You should add a Coop( Muti )-campaign like the Total War that let player recruit their army and move their army like Wargame Red Dragon. Then people will spend a lot of hour in this game in the campaign.And you should pay more attention to 10v10, maybe you can make a campaign like For Honor. As I know most of the player won't focus on 1122 due to the hard control, the new player will lose and lose again.Frankly, this game already dead coz there is nothing playable, we ppl finish that simple campaign the only thing is to play 1010 or uninstall and AFK. There only 391 In-Game now, there 9,206 ppl play in the Heat of Iron IV, even the Total War: SHOGUN 2 have 2,684 players during this time.So my opinion is a great campaign can save this game. Otherwise, this game will die soon."
76561197999066662,Recommended,572410,31046467,Posted: 9 April,all,TheXVirus,"In short: Beta is Alpha. There´s no need, then, to preorder... Refund incoming...Edit after minor patches: Some minor patches helped me with stability issues and i can fully play the beta. I love strategy games (EUIV, some Total war, Wargame, Chess), Steel Division is going to be on my list if devs keep the good work :)"
,Recommended,572410,31062447,Posted: 10 April,all,Toasty.,As a huge fan of ww2 RTS games; i adore this game with the little ammont of time i have put in. Strongly reccomend.
76561197989889479,Recommended,572410,31926361,Posted: 23 May,all,DerBuhBaer,Great RTS Game!
76561198040476481,Recommended,572410,30999122,Posted: 7 April,all,cwolf132,its all of eugen's Wargames but with better small unit engagments than wargame.
,Recommended,572410,30987752,Posted: 6 April,all,Kat Tsun,There's a Line-of-Sight button.
76561198011994934,Recommended,572410,30977689,Posted: 6 April,all,Nolo,"Well i guess i wll start with what i think about the gameplays a bit slower then wargame, which seams to be better and gives you more time to think.there is no HP system but rather stress and factors which affect you.the controls are a bit hard to get use too. but are overall better then wargame as at the start of a battle they have plans they will just execute instead of waitng for orders.so in short a improved and slower version of wargame in ww2."
76561197964619750,Recommended,572410,31184580,Posted: 16 April,all,beltsman,"This is like Wargame, but more focused on tactical combat and less of the meta.  So it's familiar, but different.  I'm enjoying it a lot."
,Recommended,572410,30989595,Posted: 6 April,all,Team Sneak,"not too many good WW2 games, worth 40$"
76561198089287127,Recommended,572410,31052814,Posted: 9 April,all,Swatbot101,"Mechanically, everything's there. Eugen has made several improvements to Wargame: Red Dragon, including a retreat option, an ""unload at position"" option, and the ability to que orders before the battle starts. The WWII setting is a welcome reprieve from the ATGMs and stealth bombers of the studio's earlier titles, and the scale of the game is larger that either Men of War or Company of Heroes, bringing an experience the genre lacks. The graphics and balance could use improvement, but those are the kind of things that will hopefully be ironed out before the game is released."
76561198007904734,Recommended,572410,31043188,Posted: 9 April,all,DiegoDog68,"Great game, but if you are a fan of BattleFront games or Graviteam Tactics this game is not for you. Although it has potential for modders to make adjustments in the future.  It does have a super slow option.  Overall it is a good game I think."
76561198144889137,Recommended,572410,31045639,Posted: 9 April,all,Commando,"10 V 10 on the beaches of normandy is something I can not review. Its too epic to explain. Its in Beta at the moment, yes its buggy right now but like most Paradox games it will be very  stable at launch (in one month) im sure. Honestly, ive played quite a  bit of wargame. Im glad they have decided to go into the world war two theatre, it makes combat feel more plausable. Wargame was great, modern times, but eventually it became very spam oriented where the players did not need skill, simply deploy 10 herlicopters and spam the other player. Now, I find that does not work in any copacity. Play like its your job to take care of the troops on the battlefield and you will be succesfull."
76561197978675847,Recommended,572410,30991315,Posted: 6 April,all,Nurgle's Chosen,"Wargame World War 2: Western FrontThis is Wargame, with a ww2 theme. Not a whole changed from the  Wargame Series (That a casual like myself can tell) They added (And this may have been in Ruse? but I kinda missed out on the RUSE heyday unfortunately ) phases of battle. These phases of battle let you call in different units once you enter them over time.If you haven't played Wargame or Ruse before, this is a realistic strategy game/ tactical strategy game. Essentially, it's not COH, C&C, or Starcraft. There's no base building, you're not concerned with capturing points ( though there is an income to spawn reinforcements based on percentage of the map you hold ) This is on a larger scale ( with up to 10vs10 matches) At the beginning of a match you spawn units from a deck of cards. What cards you bring with you decide what units you can spawn either at the beginning or as reinforcements throughout the match. The aforementioned phases of battle come into play here, seperating Steel Division from being a ww2 copy of Wargame.Certain units are locked off from your deck based on the phase you're in ( Or really how long into the match you've played ) customizating your deck in both the Wargame series, and Steel Division: Normandy 44 is the core mechanic here. You decide what units you bring to counter whatever you guess the enemy is bringing. Cards of units are very in depth, with stats for weapons, range, penetration, ammo, etc, with similar cards often having very different purposes based on the equipment the card is carrying. Since this is World War 2, this game doesn't suffer from the extreme variety that the Wargame Series has. In this game, theres far less memorization, you don't really have to worry what kind of units are equiped with what kind of missles or active radar, because these units existed before all that crazy advanced technology.Wargame vets might find that a little discouraging, but honestly, it makes sense. Theres only so many different types of infantry squads carrying rifles you can throw into a ww2 game.  Luckily though, the phase system looks to remedy this issue Wargame vets might have, by once again keeping units that are more seemingly advanced/expensive/better until a certain amount of time into the match has been played. This allows someone to craft a deck with perhaps units that stall the match during the first phase, and is more equiped to spawn a ton of better equiped reinforcemetns during the second or third phase.Graphics are a little more cartoony, ala Ruse, but honestly the world map is pretty, and the units look like what they're supposed to. Units scale pretty big until you zoom in on them, leading to some funky looking units zoomed out, but that's definitely just to make it easier for the player to identify the units.Load screens are a little long, and optimization is iffy, but hey it's beta. (Plus my AMD 8350 is definitely showing it's age.)Overall I like it, been going through a Wargame/ realistic rts/strategy phase, and found myself wishing Wargame would make a ww2 varient. And welp, they delivered. If you liked Wargame, you'll prolly like this, and if you didn't like the Wargame series you still won't like this. Unless it was the extreme variety in units and memorization that killed Wargame for you. If that's the case, I personally find the equipment and units in this game alot more straightforward and easier to understand."
76561198046800965,Recommended,572410,31212699,Posted: 17 April,all,ghhalley,Steel Divison Beta is well worth playing.  I can't imagine how fantastic this game will be with a full set up units and maps.  Very realistic combat with a great interface.  Tough to play with lots of possibilities.  My favorite game!
76561198008582160,Recommended,572410,31242705,Posted: 19 April,all,TheMetalfreak360,Really solid game.
76561197997567681,Recommended,572410,30993524,Posted: 7 April,all,Flashpoint,A new and improved Wargame in world war 2 ! I love it haha
,Recommended,572410,33215503,Posted: 3 July,all,Dr. Reaper,"You think you have the perfect position. Then artillery drops, an airstrike hits and you realize what you had was a slaughterhouse, population: all your men.In war, no one wins. In Steel Division, you won't either."
76561198044793720,Recommended,572410,31493383,Posted: 1 May,all,✪ Pink Guy,"As a understanding player of Wargame Red Dragon, this game has many pro's than cons in my opinion. I love the WW2 era which makes this game even more better. The only issue I have so far is the poor perfomance it has on my PC however I know it's a beta and will be imropvements."
,Recommended,572410,31928273,Posted: 23 May,all,Cook,Good stuffWide map to flank yo♥♥♥♥♥Nice battlegroups tho.8/10
76561197967371947,Recommended,572410,31932535,Posted: 24 May,all,VasFURY,"Loving the pace of this new title from Eugen. Its similar to Wargame Red Dragon, yet different, with a variety of new systems and gameplay innovations in place. Highly reccomended for any wargaming or RTS fan."
76561198030787012,Recommended,572410,31920819,Posted: 23 May,all,Grand Hazzard,"Great game. A good place to start in the franchise if you haven't played any WARGAME title before. If that is the case you can expect impressively new gamewplay mechanics to learn!Graphics are great, multiplayer is competetive and the campaign looks promising.This game also came with months of beta testing and EUGEN seems to be a co mpany worthy of trust at a time when so few others are."
,Recommended,572410,31328338,Posted: 23 April,all,Ancient ☕,"I gotta admit it is pretty addicting, Its like RUSE, with a little wargame mix too it.There are a couple battalions in the game as of now, and a few maps. You can play 10v10, 5v5 4v4, 2v2 and 1v1.Factions seem to be somewhat balanced already. And the system just seems to work.I must say however, the frontline system (territory shifts) is a bit ♥♥♥♥ed up, had a couple games where we had one whole side of the map, and the other part was still being contested. And still we lost that match, doesn't make much sense tho since we had atleast 3/5 of it and where still pushing and going strong. This was Destruction mode or something.Other than that if you like frontline RTS's i recommend this game to anyone already, and they are still planning to add more stuff!"
,Recommended,572410,31489836,Posted: 1 May,all,TUKAN SAM [2098],"I'm TERRIBLE at this game, but it's still more enjoyable than DoWIII!"
76561197992988822,Recommended,572410,31571324,Posted: 5 May,all,plooschack,"Recently I had a house makover and spent a lot of being offline. I downloaded quite a lot of Single Player games hoping to catch up. But I did not, as I spent almost all game time on ""Steel Division: Normandy '44"". Just this one fact says a lot about it, especially if you consider it had to compete with Borderlands series (and if you don;t like it, there is a special place in hell for you) which I'm great fan of. But back to the game. ""Steel Division: Normandy '44"" altough not officaly a part of ""Wargame"" series is best Wargame part so far. It is worth to notice that this is not just new graphic style and new setting ""sequel"". No. It's evolution at it's finest. There are changes implemented to adjust the game to World War II. And there are improvments to great and tested  wargame-formula  that I hope to see in next part of the franchise. And while not everybody will be fond of it, as Eugene strategy series is quite unique - I stronly belive that every fan of strategy games whould at least give it a shot."
,Recommended,572410,33477181,Posted: 12 July,all,i.SoDA™,"I would rate this a ""perfect 5/7"" !I grew up with strategy games with grand names like C&C Generals, AoE3, AoM etc. I remember first time I played company of heroes, I felt like a child with a chocolate who didn't want to share it with anyone.  Well, I felt it again !  You got me, I like WW2 strategy games such as Blitzkrieg, Sudden Strike and Coh. Every one of them has its unique gamestyle.I felt like a child again when I first saw (not play) SD44. I was like ""Wtf is this ?! I WANT IT !"" I want to say that this game has its very unique gamestyle. It's not your classic build your army RTS, it's more like ""prepare you plan"" thing.You have a deck, where you can customize your army (which is called division) on the map that you will play. The game has 3 phases: A, B, C.  At every thick of the game you get points which are different for the phase that you are in. Example: phase A get 90 points, phase B get 110, phase gets 120 points / thick.  The points that you accumulate you can spend them on your army. Example a tank costs ~90-120 points.You have ATguns , AAguns etc !  Awesome. You must have awareness of the surroundings so that you can flank a KingTiger.Infantry are good in cities, tress.And the cherry from the top of the cake is that the Sherman and/or AT guns literally shoot from 1000 meters !  What I am trying to say is that the maps are huge !You will feel like a general planning his army !"
76561198007470429,Recommended,572410,34401165,Posted: 21 August,all,Noble Hawk,"Great game, a lot of fun and not too fast paced. Takes some time to learn since apparently people don't understand ""King Tiger lots of armor, shoot in the side or bomb to♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, but once you do it's great fun. Lots of mechanics that improve drastically on the Wargame series too, I've had trouble playing Red Dragon since SD44 came out because it's so archaic in comparison. Not to mention how much better the SD44 AI is."
76561198133684804,Recommended,572410,35132106,Posted: 22 September,all,Sharpe Royalist,as much as i do genrally enjoy the game i feel they should have kept the same game mode/system as in other eugen titles ie wargame. hold areas of the map an increase unit availability and add the option to make your own decks more personalised. maybe the option to make a deck with mixed units from all divs
76561198053260545,Recommended,572410,34413855,Posted: 22 August,all,Eagle1987,"the game concept is very nice and i think it is the best wargame title so far , i also like it because it reminded me of WIC game , hope they do more cinematic scenes in the game though"
76561197993429048,Recommended,572410,35112314,Posted: 21 September,all,Maritimes,"A wonderfully deep real time tactics game.SP: While the campaign is short the skirmish mode has a lot of replayability.MP: where the real game is, but be prepared to put some serious time in to master the game!"
76561198146143968,Recommended,572410,35206136,Posted: 25 September,all,Catseye333,Good tactical game...learn the different unit strengths...plan your moves and try and win...its easier if you play on very slow speed. All we need now is all the Campaigns from the start of the war in 1939 to the end in 1945. Europe Campaign...Russian Campaign...North Africa...Burma...Pacific Campaign...Italy etc.
,Recommended,572410,31036667,Posted: 9 April,all,CamyHunt,I have only played 2 hours of this game but honestly it is better than Wargame Red Dragon in every way. I love the new map system where in order to win you have to control the majority of the map and the units are all superb!10/10
,Recommended,572410,30990093,Posted: 6 April,all,Baron Von Boyce,"Pros:- Fixes some of Wargame's issues--- No longer able to view win ratio from lobby--- Front line system opens up the entire map for play instead of always focusing on the command sector- Historical authenticity (lots of influence from the Close Combat series)--- Accurate infantry loadouts and vehicles--- Inaccurate weapons AT & tank weapons--- Morale/surrender system- Simpler gameplay mechanics (similar to how Civilization V was on release compared to Civilization IV) to appeal to wider/more casual audience, and hopefully increase longevityCons:- Persistent perceived issues from Wargame series--- Still no matchmaking so unless you're playing 1v1, you're often going against a coordinated premade group [Update: This has since been implemented since first reviewed but queuing for more than 1v1 can take a long time depending on how many players are online]--- Still no persistent multiplayer campaign - without this in the series I think longevity and holding players' interest is inevitably going to suffer and will rely on the generation and release of new content to keep it going- Introduced perceived issues--- No way to resupply artillery observers (would prefer a cooldown system than a finite amount of uses)--- No way to repair critical damage to tanks, even with supply trucks--- No way to replace infantry casualties despite there still being a destruction mode- As a result of fundamental design changes, and a much more constrained time period, unit variety and tactical gameplay are lessened compared to the latest in the Wargame series (mostly affects the hardcore Wargame: Red Dragon players who stuck around much longer than 99% of people who bought the game)--- Less player choice when making decks/battlegroups--- Less variety of tactical strategies--- Less variety in unitsIn conclusion, I think there's a good balance of catering to the hardcore Wargame players, as well as making the series more accessible and approachable to more casual gamers. As a result of fundamental design changes, gameplay has gone to the simplest version of what it can be. I assume this is so that the developers can fully understand the effects of the changes - rather than changing fundamental design and keeping a high amount of complexity which would likely lead to a development nightmare for a number of reasons like balancing.Ultimately this is going to hurt the hardcore players but makes sense, and it provides an opportunity for the series to build back up the complexity iteratively through patches, DLC, expansions, and sequels towards the amount of complexity the hardcore players want (compare Civilization V on release to Civilization V post-expansions).The worst case scenario here is that the game becomes too mainstream and doesn't cater enough to the hardcore Wargame players - which just opens up an opportunity for new developers to create a product that fills that niche of having a high learning curve, high mastery curve, and more tactical depth."
76561198011298660,Recommended,572410,30985180,Posted: 6 April,all,Max Nesty,"Brilliant game, builds and expands from Wargame, just in a classic WW2 timeline."
76561197970433771,Recommended,572410,30980893,Posted: 6 April,all,Neofightr,"This is my review on the pre-order beta. Once again Eugen delivers on graphical fidelity. The maps are extremely detailed and gorgeous. The audio has improvied since their wargame series. The lines the actors are given are much better and not as silly as previous games.I love how they implemented line of sight. I am ok with the dynamic frontline color depection because it goes away when in close and it really helps paint the picture in real time when you need it. I hope they have an option to adjust the range on when it comes on as a preference.I hope they implement a meta-strategy down the road like they did with the wargame series.All in all a very promising wargame and truly needed in this day and age. I am tired of the hex-based spreadsheet games.Sure you have better meta and logistic detail but just not as exciting like this game.This is a much buy for anyone who is a fan of war games (especially WW2).Well done devs! Looking forward to the final product next month.And a big thank you for no camera shakes, boy did I hate that in the wargame series. All you needed was to implement an option to turn it off, devs, seriously it would have made a huge difference for me. Nothing fun about a camera puking all over the place during a big fight."
76561198034389364,Recommended,572410,31051772,Posted: 9 April,all,mistakeNot11,Excellent game mechanics. A large improvement on Red Dragon. I only wish they redid red dragon with these mechanics instead of going back to WW2. Steel Division with modern era units would have been something else.
76561198009283538,Recommended,572410,30986264,Posted: 6 April,all,dwolf357,Wargame set in WWII and a lot of issues with Wargame corrected.The beta is excellent and the graphics at this point is beautiful.
76561198008896498,Recommended,572410,31075302,Posted: 11 April,all,PWN,"Ok, I was REALLY skeptical about dropping $40 on this game. However, after playing the game a bit, I have found that the game is very promising.Pros:-Optimized well. Like really well in my opinion.-Learning curve is not that steep.-Factions are very different and unique.-Competitive, games are based on who can push the hardest.-Kinda toxic community. Nothing like bashing Islam while in general chat while waiting to join a game.-Card system is functional and now in waves.-Slower pace. This can be seen as a con, but i feel like it allows a lot more strategic thought on both sides. It is kinda like chess.-There is was more close combat compared to the War games series.-Infantry are useful and used a massive amount.-Surrender feature.Cons:-NONEJust kidding-Graphics, wtf am i looking at. Its like I am back in 2008.-dedicated servers seem pointless because they never get filled.-No tutorial. I did not care, but some may really be upset by this.- [this may be removed at a later date] Balancing issues seem a bit prevalent. Phase 1, the Brits can get tanks, planes, infantry and artillery. While the Axis in phase one can only get some tanks and infantry.-This is an odd one but I will add it. Units at times take way to long to die. If you surround some infantry and shoot at them, it is like going up against a group of Space Marines. I mean like you could have 5 squads shooting at 1 squad and that 1 squad would still lose men very slowly.Besides these thing, the game is great and worth getting."
76561198042996035,Recommended,572410,31044174,Posted: 9 April,all,Riles,If you enjoy the Wargame series then you will probably enjoy this.
76561198022066355,Recommended,572410,31926075,Posted: 23 May,all,Slammin Jammin,"If you're a fan of the Wargame series, you're in for a treat.Nice to have devs that genuinely care about their game... It shows.Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198002799222,Recommended,572410,31928408,Posted: 23 May,all,Titandamocles,"Great new wargame, including challenging AI for campaign and skirmish and multiplayer up to 10v10!"
76561197964044506,Recommended,572410,31921238,Posted: 23 May,all,Oggie,"I dont think I've ever written a review for a game before. but the blending of historical images and a fluid system of front line control is something that blends extremley well with the thourough research they did for each division. Each divisions capabilities seem to have been highlighted, and accuraetly to each divisions TOE.There are a few draw backs from my experince with the beta, which are minimal. The tracers seem a tad cartooney, the AAA is not that effective (20mm at close range on infantry, or planes should decimate, historical example is of the 12th SS assualting 2nd ID anti tank positions in the ardennes, 4 wirbelwinds shot into the trees above the position peppering it with splinters and knocking them out) The game is out today, im exicited to see the new units and other new mechanics and cant recommend this game enough."
76561197983139797,Recommended,572410,31925883,Posted: 23 May,all,Flakmagnet,"This game is great!!!! I have been playing it through most of it's early release. The historical detail is great compared to alot other RTS. There is a great variety of divisions that can be played as well as unique units. Actual historical infomation is included about the divisions and leaders that fought in Normandy and are feautred in the game. Unlike other RTS games this is not a click fest, you really have to think about tactical strategy. What units to use where when how to position them ect.  You may have a very tough tank coming at you and all your AT gun are killed off, but if you can get a tank in LOS from their flank or some AT infantry hidden up close then you just might be able to get a kill.Thats one of the best things about the game, is you have to think and plan and adjust the plan. Its not just reacting or countering and clicking keys as quick as you can. Each roadway, hedgerow, intersection, and village can be important and holding it can be the difference of victory or defeat. This is a tough game to get good at, it takes time. Its easy enough to figure out (there's a great boot camp in the game), but it takes a while to start getting ok.  I'm almost 50 hours into it and I probably still suck, but I am having fun. Its great to watch the battles afterwards for entertainment and to learn from. You can zoom right down into the action, to street level and all the way up to a tactical overview of the map.The community from what I can tell so far are really good and helpful people. Also there is mod support for the game and I am interested in seeing what comes with that.I fully recommend the game, it has great historical detail and you really have to think of a strategy when playing it. Its not a click fest. Pick it up and enjoy it, well woth the money."
,Recommended,572410,31931500,Posted: 24 May,all,Halo1m,iz bretty gud
,Recommended,572410,31942159,Posted: 24 May,all,Crotou,"Excellent RTS by Eugen Systems.- Better game mode than the one proposed in Wargame- No CVs- Better game mechanisms- Varied divisions- Good tutorial- European Escalation style solo campaignThis game is awesome. It still lacks a proper matchmaking to be near perfect.And please, ignore all the Chinese and Spanish bad reviews because of language problems. They are silly."
76561198038967282,Recommended,572410,32003092,Posted: 27 May,all,Delta-niner,"Initial thought: Really good selecgtion of units to choose from, but would like to see a few more ""elite"" or ""hero"" units.Limited map selection, but the maps themselves are very detailed.Air units are well balanced.Infantry weapons seem to be lacking in range. (this isn my biggest issue with the game)Overall assesment: Really good, with a few minor tweaks this will be one of the top RTS games of all time"
,Recommended,572410,31917069,Posted: 23 May,all,ryansaurusrex,"10/10 would fulfill all my post-D-Day fantasies again.Game maps are exactly representative of real Normandy battlefields, recreated from contemporary aerial photos. This game is amazing."
76561198021144645,Recommended,572410,30973318,Posted: 5 April,all,Tibi,"Really enjoying the game so far. It isn't perfect but that's why it's in beta, and I'm sure most of the bugs will be patched out by release. Even though people were complaining about the graphics, i didn't really have a problem with them. Sure zoomed all the way in, you see they are mediocre for a game released in 2017, but the game isn't made to be admired for HD models and scenery, and after a few hours of game play, you probably will stop caring about the graphics anyway and stay zoomed out so you can respond to attacks quickly. A second complaint people had sounds but honestly, every game has sound mods that come out a week after release so that shouldn't sway you away from purchasing this game. Plus knowing Paradox, they will find a way to release 10 unit skin packs, sound packs, and music packs by the end of the year anyway. In summary, I would recommend getting this game, especially if you have friends to play with, but keep in mind you will be playing a beta until its release in May."
,Recommended,572410,32064095,Posted: 30 May,all,Bad Karma,"Let me preface my short review by saying I love real-time strategy games, and I also love military and WWII history; so this was right in my bread basket from the beginning.  That being said, it has been a while since a game has really came and filled that niche.  Enter Steel Divison: Normandy 44.Besides the missed apostrophe in its title (should be Normandy '44), the game is awesome.  I was not a Wargame player, but I did play RUSE on the Xbox 360 and loved that game.  I can see where a lot of the mechanics come from (ambushing, forest play, stuff like that), and that's what I love most about this game:  It's not reinventing the wheel, but it's polished and fun as hell.People who don't recommend this game at this stage for balance issues have mental problems.  The game just came out; of course there's going to be balance issues...  Rest assured, however, that they're not as bad as some of the reviewers say.  I'm sure they just get stomped in multiplayer and then rage in reviews.  I, too, have been stomped many times in multi, but that's part of the learning curve.I can't speak to the single-player experience as I haven't even tried it yet, but the mutliplayer is fantastic.  I love the battlegroup system of designing my own deck to bring into a match.  There are definitely some OP decks at the moment, but I think they will be nerfed in the future, or I have confidence I can adapt my strategies to counter them.Otherwise, it runs fairly well on my craptop, and it's got gorgeous graphics.  The maps are all pretty similar, but I've been to Normandy, and Normandy is pretty similar as well.  The game should come with a bottle of calvados for us drunks.Again, great game, decent community, some balance issues that I think will get worked out.  Otherwise, you're not going to find a better WWII RTS at the moment.  You're just not."
,Recommended,572410,34040211,Posted: 5 August,all,CXIV,"SO far so good. Plays just like a mix of RUSE and Wargame. I can't give negative points about the activity of the multiplayer, but I don't play with anyone except my friends anyway. Singleplayer is basic but is expected from the successor to the Wargame series."
76561198004651577,Recommended,572410,32603723,Posted: 20 June,all,Meis†er,"It's a good game no doubt about it. The Campagne is nice, Multiplayer is fun etc.But I've rather hoped for Wargame 4. Out of Asia and back to european battlefields between 1985-1990.Cold War era and the 'what if' scenarios as in World in Conflict and Wargame:European Escalation are so much more enjoyable then WW2 for the thousandninehundredfourtyfifth time and for the advanced military technoloogies and the resulting tactics on the field.So please Eugen take all of the good features Steel Division has, such as giving orders already during the preparation phase before the game starts for example, and develop Wargame 4."
76561198049819329,Recommended,572410,33206821,Posted: 3 July,all,echo1,"With 53.2 hours under my belt, I have enough hours in the field to give a review which reflects this game's quality.As a huge fan of the Close Combat series, I was greatly anticipating the release of this game back in May. I was not to be disappointed. The game is outstanding. I am a great advocate for historical realsim in RTS's and Steel Division's reliance on actual aerial photography to depict it's wide range of maps is a great relief.The AI is almost too difficult at times but no one plays an RTS hoping for an easy time right? I wooped with joy the first time I beat the AI on hard difficulty (yes, there is a very hard setting too). You really have to earn your stars in this game.The 18 divisions based off iconic divisions of the Normandy campaign are beautifully modelled and are well balanced, A player can have at their disposal air, land and sea (in the form of offshore artillery) at their disposal. The battles are hugely entertaining given their large scope and watching your units battle highly intelligent AI is a joy to watch and command!Mod support will ensure this game has a long life. The audio mods are particulary impressive and really enhance the atmosphere on top of what is already a very good audio system.Of course, you can also do battle in multiplayer with as many as 10vs10 battling it out very large maps (map size depends on how many players are involved).There is a Campaign (12 missions divided between Germany, Britian and America) which is beautifully done with a great emphasis on voice acting and stock footage cut scenes to give the game a historic edge. Skirmish mode is also highly entertaining and where I have so far practised alone to compete with those in multiplayer,I highly recommend this game and score it 9.5 out of 10."
76561198013993345,Recommended,572410,32055035,Posted: 29 May,all,MarbleToad,"In response to what most negative reviews list as the Cons:The graphics are pretty good with GTX 1050 Ti as far as I'm concerned.  The gameplay is pretty spot on.  Though I'm sure some balancing and tweaks in the future will improve it.  I haven't had any trouble finding games online.  Each time I lose a battle I can watch the replay and adjust my tactics for the next game.  Getting better with my Panzers each game.  I don't really agree with most of the negative reviews so far, as I am not experiencing those problems.  As far as the singleplayer campaign, I like the simple straightforwardness.But, to be fair, I only found out about this game about a month ago, added it to my wishlist, and forgot about it.  When it was released, I've enjoyed it quite a bit.  I didn't follow any hype, so I wasn't expecting anything.  Just taking it as it is."
76561198005418839,Recommended,572410,33270617,Posted: 5 July,all,onemanlandslide,"I watched a couple of videos about SD:N44 and wasn't that interested, but a friend picked it up and told me it was like the modern day update to Close Combat that I've been dreaming of since I was a kid. What do I think of it? Well, I can't make any comment about the single player campaign, as I haven't played it. Instead I've played more than 50 hours of skirmish (and a bit of multiplayer). I play at least one match every night, even if it's just against the AI. That's how much I like this game. Sure, there's room for improvement - the graphics aren't great, sometimes your units don't act in an intuitive way, and the set up for multiplayer/skirmish (both sides rushing towards each other at the beginning) doesn't feel particularly realistic, but it's still about as perfect an WWII RTS as you are likely to find. The phase mechanic is great. It creates a real ebb and flow to each match. While some divisions share units, the different way in points are divided between phases, and the subtle differences between the cards and equipment they have, makes each one feel unique. £35 might seem a bit steep for skirmish and multiplayer but it's been worth every penny. I can imagine dipping and in and out of this for years."
76561197995494613,Recommended,572410,33413060,Posted: 9 July,all,Shifticus,"I am only about 7 hours into the game so far, but my initial impressions are good. Good gameplay, decent sound and graphics. The campaign battles at least first play through feel very authentic and fluid. I suspect if and when I start hitting online play the bugs and concerns I see in other reviews will frustrate me, but so far the single player experience is worth the buy."
,Recommended,572410,31919500,Posted: 23 May,all,[MM]ManS_laughter[UK],This game will really appeal to anyone who has enjoyed the Wargame series - especially if you mostly enjoyed tank charges and infantry battles but didn't enjoy the missle spam of some of the games. The front line mechanic might seem a bad idea at first glance but far from giving away the location of the enemy it actually allows for an extra layer of complexity with flanking and encirclement making an even bigger difference to the outcome of a battle.
,Recommended,572410,32628865,Posted: 21 June,all,:v,"Setting up to plan to ambush the king tiger the enemey just brought in, it's wrecking havoc on my allies armor decks, but it has to travel past a hedgerow, as it comes around the corner, my Anti-tank squad on the left, tank on the right and Anti-tank gun from the middle all fire at oncewhen it comes around. ""Fuel Explosion!"" has never felt so satisfying. When you make a plan, execute it, and it goes successfully? So good, love this game for that.Half the negative reviews are from salty wargame veterans that wanted a WW2 Skin themed wargame and the other half are impatient people who can't wait for bugs and balance to be fixed (it's not even that bad right now anyway). The Game is great, it's much easier to learn and get into than wargame.There are a few things that definetly need to be fixed which you probably already saw a lot of people vocal about; Quickplay is bad, the few bugs you'll see are very easily repeatable so it's very common and Eugen have done jack♥♥♥♥♥♥for advertising so the playerbase isn't going to grow to large amounts, which is a shame, a lot rts players will never find Steel Divison despite probably loving the game."
76561198027060877,Recommended,572410,34203053,Posted: 12 August,all,apollo19creed,67 hours into the game when writing this review.Very fun game. More focused maps got rid of the fuel requirement that was in wargame which is nice. Each division has its own strengths and weaknesses. I hate it when people complain of balancing issues... certain decks are better at 1v1 whereas others are for more large scale 3v3/4v4. People need to accept this. If you think you are going to take a panzer division and try to roll up an allied airborne division in a 1v1 be ready to get smacked down.
76561198042117283,Recommended,572410,31985318,Posted: 26 May,all,AJAX,Overall this game is amazing.  I am a huge fan of WWII Miniature Wargaming and this really fits the bill for PC gaming when I can't play tabletop.
76561198013292550,Recommended,572410,34479368,Posted: 25 August,all,Primal,"As a seasoned player of War Game, Steel Division: Normandy 1944 has been a refershing change and very much enjoyable thus far. The introduction of the new deck system and battle phases allows for some immersive and historically accuate battles. The game has copped its fair share of criticism and hate, however I feel much of this is unjustified. Yes the game does have a few issues it needs to iron out to allow this game to truely shine, but these certainly are not game breaking. If you like WW2 and large scale, real time strategy games then I would highly recommend to pick it up. Steel division, like War Game has a steep learning curve, so new commers to the game I would suggest watching/reading some basic tutorials before tackling multiplayer."
76561198008783688,Not Recommended,572410,35212982,Posted: 25 September,all,GOTM-Need,I wanted to love this game. But I play solo and the time limits are making the game feel very arcade like. I think the mechanics of the game are fun and I am having a great time until the guy pops in and says I have run out of time to clear the left side of the map.... Very irritating.Wish I had spent my money on Graviteam Tactics Mius-Front.
76561198294217415,Recommended,572410,34595619,Posted: 29 August,all,brandonmwms,"Far, far better even than Company of Heros. This is easily my favorite game of all time. Congratulations to the development team and publisher. What an exceptional game playing experience. Thank you!"
76561198412861025,Recommended,572410,34471337,Posted: 24 August,all,ketchupt,"Steel Division is a really fun game, so long as you have a computer that can run it. I would say that the 'recommended' performance requirement stats are really the 'required to have an enjoyable experience' stats. However, this does mean that if you have a good computer, the graphics, interface, etc. are absolutely amazing. The game itself is really good, with a great variety of things you can do. The only thing I don't like about it is the great disparity in the campaign difficulty going from the (really, really easy) American cakewalk campaign to the pretty hard German campaign. There is a signifigant learning curve, but this is a good thing in my opinion. The first week or so is really hard (other than the US campaign), but after that, once you get a hang of the controls, it is rather fun. The strategy/tactics are very realistic, a rarity in games like this, so I really appreciated that. It is very much worth the 40 bucks, so long as you don't have to buy a new computer to play it with (like I did)."
76561198050930418,Recommended,572410,34468253,Posted: 24 August,all,Layin_Scunion,"I see a lot of negativity towards the game and it's nearly all because of the balance in multiplayer.RTS games are not my forte but I enjoy them regardless.From a single player perspective, I think the game is great. It needs more campaign missions and hopefully they open up mission editing to the community. Replayability is extensive due to learning each divisions pros/cons and how to use them effectively.AI isn't terrible but nothing like playing against another person.For $40 I'd buy it again. If you're into single player regarding RTS games, I would highly recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,572410,31246154,Posted: 19 April,all,Hydra,The successor of Wargame featuring numerous improvements in gameplay and feels very much like its WW2 mechanically and tactically rather than just being set in it. The weapons are very different from Wargame usually requring forces to get up close and personal. Also allows me to fulfil my personal Stuka fetish! A perfect game for a Wargame lover or a WW2 lover.
,Recommended,572410,30983050,Posted: 6 April,all,Elliediaz,Wargame: WWII
,Recommended,572410,32728950,Posted: 24 June,all,[BR]Klimpen,"Fantastic RTS with great competitive play. Best played as 2v2 though 1v1 scene is more active. Large number of quality-of-life improvements over previous wargame entries, including planning phase orders, line-of-sight at cursor and unload-at-position.All the divisions feel unique and play out differently. Divisions are put together pre-game through a deck-building mechanic in which the set of units available are unique to the division. The more veteran divisions are generally stronger, even if the number of units they can field is strictly lower. The number of units you can take [activation] is limited in a total number and also in terms of number of a single type of unit. The types of unit are: ‘Scout’, ‘Infantry’, ‘Tank’, ‘Support’, ‘Anti-Tank’, ‘Anti-Air’, ‘Artillery’ and ‘Air’. For example, a division might limit you to 40 activation but only let you place a maximum of 4 into your ‘Air’ tab. A single activation in your ‘Air’ tab might get you two Spitfire fighters, or one Typhoon with AT Rockets.In a match, requisition is gained each minute. The amount is based on how far into the match you are and which division you’re playing. Requisition is spent to deploy units from your deck, allowing you to be flexible but limited with your responses. Identifying targets and shoring up weaknesses in your line is key.There is a phase system, which limits units to become available for deployment based on how far into the game you are. Phase A lasts for the first 10minutes, B for the second 10minutes, and C for the remainder. In addition to gaining access to more units for deployment, your requisition income also increases. Generally the strength and expense of units goes up as the game goes on.The game requires attention to lines-of-sight and unit positioning. It favours skilled use of combined arms, which necessitates a mix of infantry and armour based on both your and your opponent’s capabilities. Encounters are generally won through surprise, key units deployed at key locations being leveraged to suppress enemy’s strengths and exploit their weaknesses.  Infantry gives you presence to your frontline, but can struggle to kill units. Towed guns are cheaper than self-propelled and can move through forested areas – which can be useful to take units by surprise at short range. But they are slow and weak to fire support like artillery, machine-guns and bombers. Tanks and self-propelled guns are almost the exact opposite. They’re speedier, and resilient against most attacks, but are weak to being flanked and surprised by anti-tank weaponry – towed AT guns and Bazookas, and struggle to move directly to where their fire is needed. Finding the balance is the path to success.In conquest, the most popular game mode, the game is won and lost based on the amount of territory each side has claim to. More territory, more victory points are gained per second, though you have to approach 60% of the map taken to gain a +2points tick-rate. The game is played to 40minutes or until 2500 points have been gained by one side. Most units exert influence, with infantry being the cheapest and most numerous.In conclusion, this game is fantastic and if you have an interest in RTS, I highly recommend this game. It is a fresh take on what has been a stale genre for the past few years."
76561198065425511,Recommended,572410,32158492,Posted: 3 June,all,Bollie,Best Game out there if you into WW2 Games were the tanks ant so OP....Really Good Game
,Recommended,572410,31699258,Posted: 12 May,all,Nidmorr,"After a fairly rough start to its open beta, with a lack of content, poor optimization and graphical performance, I'm glad to say that the game is shaping up to look quite promising. As the beta has progressed Eugen has given us a trickle of new content in the form of new divisions, new maps and a few balance changes here and there to adress the main problems of the game.I'm happy to see that Steel Division doesn't fully copy the Wargame series and comes up with a few new ideas of its own, that coupled with a change of setting, and to some extent scale, makes Steel Division feel like a familiar but nonetheless fresh experience.The new frontline mechanic coupled with the hedge-filled maps make every bit of territory gain and outmaneouvering of your opponent feel much more satisfying, Command units are no longer limited to just hiding in a forest for the entirety of the game and now accompany your troops and provide them with tangible bonuses and at times invaluable support. Planes feel better to use and more effective overall as even your fighter planes can swoop down to supress enemy artillery or AT guns. The units might move a bit slower with truck and tanks struggling to conquer the rough terrain yet despite of this, every engagement and firefight seems every bit as fast and violent as those of previous games.All of these little new ideas and changes come together to make Steel Division feel like a promising new strategy game in a genre that rarely has the courage to stray away from the tried and tested methods.*I should also add that - at least for me - the last patches have visibly improved both performance and graphical quality, though there is still work to be done on that front."
76561198031572060,Recommended,572410,31598910,Posted: 7 May,all,Womb Raider ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),It's like you have balanced the Wargame style play with new features along with old school features from RUSE. It's simply amazing and I wish you all the best with this franchise
,Recommended,572410,32055043,Posted: 29 May,all,Chimaera,"If you're a fan of the Wargame franchise, and you've been jonesing for a WWII Tactical RTS game that will make you forget RUSE ever existed, this is definitely worth a shot. The dynamics of territory control, pre-set commands for units, interesting and robust division dynamics, and a really nice single player campaign to complement the multiplayer make this game really worth the time. If I had one critique, it would be that more balancing-passes need done on certain country's armor, in order to account for factors not represented in the game (i.e. King Tigers were very unreliable, but have zero issues in this game and roflstomp any Allied armor).Overall, I give it a 7.5 out of 10, with a potentially higher score if further expansions or DLC add more divisions, units, and campaigns. I would love to see this in North Africa or even the Eastern Front!"
,Recommended,572410,31609699,Posted: 7 May,all,[AGz]Mr.Oi,keeps getting better each week.  Great game look foward to final release.
76561198030659507,Recommended,572410,31917794,Posted: 23 May,all,ARMY,"GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!!!.... If you have any sense and want a real RTS this is it ! Packed with content already and the way they released this game with the Beta all the way to launch, while releasing content each week is how every game should be released!"
,Recommended,572410,31419344,Posted: 28 April,all,[TAS] Lt_PliskinAJ,"If you liked any of the WarGame series you will like this game. Simlar format to the Wargame series but much more organic feeling, there is not a random capture points A,B,C to win but each unit has a zone of control. Once one team gains a certain percentage of the board they start to win."
76561198007305307,Recommended,572410,31592110,Posted: 6 May,all,Zulco,"Good game very tactical and promotes teamplay, if it launches with a good match making system it will really really good!"
,Recommended,572410,34135526,Posted: 9 August,all,Dayun,*knock knock*Who's there?FALLING BACK
76561197984387419,Recommended,572410,32155749,Posted: 3 June,all,Wakahakalaka,"One of the best games to be released in the last few years.  Fantastic replay value and diversity in unit availability.  My favorite part about the whole game is, in most games if you make a critical mistake, the game is over.  You are able to turn almost any ""Im so screwed"" situations into ""that was bad, but not game-ending""."
76561198099443385,Not Recommended,572410,34155158,Posted: 10 August,all,Chefkoch,"In theory a very awesome game, the level of detail in the divisions is awesome and the gameplay reminds me of an easier version of Wargame. BUT this game is 100 percent reliable on luck and only on luck what is inacceptable, if i want to gamble i play poker and not strategy games. You would believe that a King Tiger with highest veterancy that costs a huge amount of ressources would hit at least every second shot..... no it normally doesnt. The joke is that the game tells you the pecentage of hit and penetrate at vehicle combats and it is very often not a  true value. If the game tells you your Tiger has a 97 percent hit and kill chance and it normally misses its first shot something is wrong^^also if the game tells you your allied cheap 0 vet At gun has a hit and penetrate chance of 8 percent and it one shots units almost every time with its first shot i smell ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.    I believe the Developers fake the values of many elite german vehicles to give the Allied Forces an advantage to balance the players on each side because Axis is way more popular at the moment.My recommendation... dont buy thsi game until the developers make it playable and fair again."
76561197989347207,Recommended,572410,31012043,Posted: 8 April,all,[RIP] fiva55,"Having played the wargame series since it's first iteration, I have to say I like the direction the developers have taken their game. For new players, if you like your historical RTS with some realism and depth, this is the game for you.For those who came from the Wargame series, here are some points that I have found:Plus:+ Frontline system feels like a natural development from the sector system. It forces you to form a coherent frontline instead of holding arbitrary sectors in the previous games.+ The frontline system forces more coördination in teamgames. I found that its easy to leave gaps in the frontlines between teammembers that can be exploited.+ Better looking maps, they look more natural now instead of the artificial and symmetrical maps in the previous games.+ Better ground - air interaction. Air is more useful now since ground anti air alone isn't enough to stop planes, you actually need your own planes.+ New deck system forces some more historical builds instead of optimized decks.+ The slower pace means that controlling roads are more important to quickly move your units. It also forces you to plan ahead, since you can't race your units from one side of the map to the other as easy. It's also more rewarding to achieve a decisive breakthrough, since it takes longer to reinforce the frontlines.+ The healthbars have been removed and replaced by a more in depth moral system.+ They removed the fuel micro. Now you only need to keep an eye an ammo. In theory the fuel micro in the previous game added depth, but in practice it was just unnecessary micro that limited your playstyle too much.+ Lot of other small quality of life improvents. Specifically the line of sight tool and the ability to give orders in the deployment phase.Min- Deployment phase could be a bit longer know that you have the ability to give orders in this phase.- It's hard to make a comeback if you lose early momentum. Your opponents army will get stronger and stronger without real incentive to attack, forcing you to attack with a smaller army.- Removed the ability to reinforce depleted squads and I haven't found the option to merge squads yet."
76561197974714261,Recommended,572410,31865855,Posted: 20 May,all,Fiend,This game is a very fun combo of Wargame and Company of heros and I love the huge scale WW2 Battles that happen in game with 10 v 10. Also the complexity of the game keeps you on your toes with the line of sight mechanics and morale meter and just all the combanations you can do and I can see it become a great game after beta.
76561197996140314,Recommended,572410,31783735,Posted: 16 May,all,Kof,"Quick review, bought this whilst it was still in beta. Worth the price.I'll played the Wargame series previously and this is better IMO (balance and gameplay).Happy to recommend it. See you on the battlefield commander!:-)"
,Recommended,572410,31948181,Posted: 25 May,all,[J4F] Sentinel,"I've been pleasantly suprised by how good this game is. Even coming from the wargame series, this surpassed my expectations.Steel Division is a great multiplayer-focused Real Time Strategy game with a huge emphasis on tactics.It is slow paced, reasoned, and focused on controlling effectively a modest number of units. Units variety, positioning, combined arms tactics and scouting are the key to victory. It's moderately realistic, but gameplay and balance rightfully take precedence over pedantry.Before each battle you'll take control of a customized battlegroup, a force made of units taken from the roster of one out of 18 divisions recreated in the game, each with its own different vehicles and emphasis, from paratroopers to armored divisions, from mechanized infantry to granadiers. Each division will also have a different 'income' of resources during the three phases of the game. As a battle progresses, the 'combat phase' escalates from A to C, and as each phase is reached, more units are unlocked, leaving most powerful units for the last phase.Gameplay modes are either Destruction, where the goal is to deal more damage to the enemy (in terms of resource cost of units killed) than what you take, and Conquest, where the team which controls the majority (51%) of the map, based on a dynamic frontline, gets points towards the final victory. Games usually are between 20 minutes and 1 hour.It's very easy to get in SD, but it's an hard game to master.Game is very stable, devs are very responsive to the community and patched very well the game during the closed beta.Highly suggested and recommended game!"
,Recommended,572410,32216233,Posted: 6 June,all,Ballistic Angel,"This is simply one of the best RTS games I've played - wow! A variety of maps. SO many units. Different ways to play. If you want LARGE scale war, a number of many different units and huge population, this is the game for you."
76561198240207702,Recommended,572410,31855111,Posted: 20 May,all,Generalfeldmarschall,I love HOI4 and Ruse so why not buy the gm that they created together.  The deck building concept is really cool and very fun once you figure it all out and make it work for you.  Little balancing seems needed the A.I is still beasty even on easy but it is very fun and worth several hours of playing!!!
76561197989934805,Recommended,572410,32209362,Posted: 5 June,all,Zithiann,Probably my favorite RTS game since Red Alert 2 or even the 1st Command and Conquer game!I absolutely hated my first 2-3 hours in the game (during the beta) but after the boot camp came in and I started thinking bit more about what I was doing I started enjoying it a lot more.Totally recommended!
,Not Recommended,572410,35235219,Posted: 26 September,all,Crazycaptain,"The way the game tries to handle morale is wacked. Things are too deadly and get pinned too fast so you can quickly lose control of a flank if they just shoot at you for more than 5 seconds. The campaign is alright, the skirmish AI is pretty good, and the multiplayer is almost dead so IDK about it. It is VERY micro heavy which I thought would be fine since I have 900+ hours on Men of War AS2, but the pacing with the combat mechanics makes you just stare at the unit icons and quickly do things so the solid looking graphics do not even matter that much.I think the Close Combat Series and Combat Mission series offer an even better game. Why do I care about the graphics when I am never looking at the models?Worth around 15 bucks. Anything more is a waste of time. They should have kept the formula more similar to wargame.Also, the units are kinda annoying. The Germans in all of normandy apparently (def not the case) utilize the French halftrack that they rebooted. The americans have similarly annoying stuff."
,Recommended,572410,31847483,Posted: 19 May,all,ronaldmg42,Feels spectacular steamrolling Allied troops with my Waffen SS divisions 10/10
,Recommended,572410,31927433,Posted: 23 May,all,Torschlusspanik,"An Hour In: First ImpressionsFrom my first impressions, Steel Division has proven to be a phenomenal game. I haven't felt the intensity of WWII in a strategy game in quite some time. Sure, Company of Heroes has been packed full of intense moments, but never in this way.Outside of the strong tone and thematic integration, the gameplay itself is solid, but slow. This is not a game where you play a quick ten minute match, at least not from what I've seen. The multiple phases of combat which grow in scale is a solid choice, and really makes it feel like a true battle is going on; the wide roster of units is also impressive.My two big gripes with gameplay come largely from the learning curve and micromanagement. It is NOT an easy game to pick up or master. The tutorials will give you enough to know the basics but there is a lot to the game beyond that.As well, there is a lot of micromanagement. This isn't inherently a bad thing, but there are some things I have to manually do that seem a bit unnecessary, such as having to ALWAYS manually direct artillery fire. It would be nice to be able to put them on a return fire mode, or simply to automatically shell enemies. Mortars and artillery are extremely powerful and useful, but can be difficult to keep up with while also directing infantry, AT, and vehicles.Steel Division's single player excels in capturing the insurmountable odds you're up against, the bravery of the average soldier, and the necessity of sound tactical choice.By just the second mission, I was impressed. I found myself tasked with relieving and resupplying a division desparately trying to hold on to a town. I had thiryt minutes to hold that town. And by the last ten, I was struggling. Reinforcements were low, and the Germans managed to cut off my only alley into the town. I watched my numbers dwindle, dwindle, dwindle. As my forces shrunk, we were forced into the very city center, all while watching that clock tick down.With a minute left, I thought it was game over. Yet somehow, my three units managed to hold on. They were relieved, the Germans retreated.It's a fantastic game so far. The constant push and pull of the battlefield is captivating, and there are some really, REALLY close moments.Complex, fun, intense. Absolutely recommend."
,Not Recommended,572410,31487018,Posted: 1 May,all,Sieg Choys,"For now I don't recommend this game.I like and played many tactical or strategical games and simulators(such as planes, armors, ships)I still play them sometimes.Close Combat series, Steel Panthers series, Panzer General series, Hearts of Iron series and so on.I liked and played those military games from when I was young, So I wanted to learn to be an expert of tactics and strategies, so I serviced as an officer and retired when I was captain.In this game, battlefields are wide and vast. It seems that a player needs at least a battalion or larger units to control the area.BUT players MUST order 'everything' for a each squad or vehicle or gun like a platoon leader or a company commander.Troops are so stupid. They don't know where to hide or ambush and when they need retreat.Think about you are ordering a battalion to""Move into this town and sweep the enemy tanks of platoon ""Alpha"" and ""Bravo"" and cleanse the each houeses from enemy airborne company ""Easy"" and desroy their battalion HQ located in this hotel. And capture the crossroad and railroad station. And capture the bridges here and here if you can, Hold your position from enemy counter attack. Panzer company will arrive and pass the town on time 1400.""when you playing Hearts of Iron.Scale does matters.I think this will be better for this game,limit and reduce the area of battlefields small for small players game, like the battlefields of Close Combat series.in CC, You should order each squads of a full company but smaller battlefields make it doesn't matter.Or supportive AI for this vast and wide battlefields.You can still order each units directly but you should be allowed to command them by rough orders.You can give an summary of order them to advance or hold area like these examples.""Your platoon should hold this crossroad and this village. Two AT guns and mortars of the battalion will support your mission."" ""Move into the village and capture the station, an armor platoon and assault engineers with you.""not only direct orders like this ""Capture this and this and that houses, deploy MG here and watch this side, AT gun here...""I thought an example to apply for game.Player select units to be assignged the mission and draw order lines or circles like MSPaint.And AI moves the units and deploy them.And players should be allowed decide to allow or not each leaders of squads or platoons before engage, retreat 'when they cannot stand against mass enemy attack or fire power' or fight to the death even the desperate situation. But every AI can decide retreat or desert when they lose morale.I wish and expect this game will be better."
76561198006200265,Not Recommended,572410,32465726,Posted: 15 June,all,MewMew,"The game crashes on my otherwise well functioning machine. I've been in contact with the Eugen support, writing back and forth for approximately a month - they were not able to help me and they ended up being kind of rude.Though this game might be fun, I will not recommend it due to poor customer service - and well, the game doesn't run on my pc.GTX 970 4gbIntel Core i7 4790k8 gb ddr4 ram"
76561198064428293,Not Recommended,572410,32420028,Posted: 14 June,all,norbronx1,not very happy....great concept...but gameplay is to diffucult...or should of been sold with advertising saying how it's just for the very serious RTS gamer...not for weekend warriors..like me... would of been a better game if wasn't so tedious...
76561198046689701,Not Recommended,572410,32178668,Posted: 4 June,all,cyborg_vole,"The game is alright, the gameplay is good but the missions in the campaign is horrendous. 12 missions in total some of which I don't have a clue how you are expected to do them. Its very poor for a RTS game to have such a bad campaign as this. The skirmishes over time get boring and after 16 hours of gamplay I really cannot do another one because they have became so repetative."
,Not Recommended,572410,32345368,Posted: 11 June,all,"Win Lane, Lose Game","Couldn't even get it to start at first, then experienced issues when attempting to change the resolution and settings. My rig is high-end and I'm running a 1070 with 32 gig. Attempted multiple re-installs, deleted the last known config file and manually edited the options file as advised by mods, still crashed despite updated drivers. It's unacceptable that we're being advised to manually edit config files as a fix to poor development and there's are loads of people with the same issues.I desperately wanted to play this game, but I've had to request a refund as I've tried everything to no avail."
76561198027475005,Not Recommended,572410,33774950,Posted: 24 July,all,Vice,"I bought this game and like the concept but everything is a meeting engagment. Both sides rushing to the middle of the map. I wasn't there but I know the Germans had prepared defensive positions and unless counterattacking, were on the defensive a lot. So historically the game is a bust to me. Hopefully, some updates will include different types of battles."
76561197993510066,Not Recommended,572410,32874025,Posted: 27 June,all,Sheeb,"I played this game for less than two hours then I refunded it.I'm a big fan of the Close Combat series and bought Steel Division hoping that it would be a similar experiance. I didn't like this game because I found it way to fast paced for how I like proper strategy games. What makes it even worse is that there are to many units in play at the same time. All in all this results in a lack of both tactics and strategy while the great number of units never makes me feel any bond to any individual unit. If it had been a chess game the units would all have been pawns/peasants to me.I might have learned to like the game if I had invested more time in it, getting used to it more, but there was a great chance I never would have like the game due to the reasons just mentioned.The graphics is average but the sound effects are surprisingly poor. For a few minutes I thought something was wrong with my sound settings then I realized that this was the way the game where supposed to sound, and it does not sound like WW2 combat at all."
76561198020711100,Not Recommended,572410,32025314,Posted: 28 May,all,Ryeridge,This game I wish i could love or even slightly like. Eugen in the past has done nothing but amaze me with there wargame series which i loved dearly. So  i was looking forward to this game. Set in world war two with unit variety and some new mechanics what could go wrong I told myself. So I went ahead and bouht the game and I found out that it was not what I expected it to be. It was a reskin of wargame airland battle with more complicated and moronic features that just ruined the game. Certain parts of this game feel like there missing and maybe after only two hours of play time it was not fair to refund the game and give a negative review but I feel like after act of agression tanking and now this sucking I cant really expect anything out of paradox games or eugen systems.
76561197968741389,Not Recommended,572410,33421464,Posted: 9 July,all,Sydalesis,"200 hours inNot recommended. i had high hopes maybe.-no voice chat- no clan system- no barb wire, no sandbags, no bunkers, no pillbox, no tank traps.- no realism except maps- planes can only be killed by planes or by an army of pea shooters-AA not working as they should- stress system cringe worthy- bad community- retail was the real beta- 80% of the playerbase gone.Wish I could refund. this game is dead"
76561198093896037,Not Recommended,572410,32505216,Posted: 17 June,all,sls7124,"I can't recommend this game at full price.  I love Eugen, and the Wargame series is my favorite series of all time; however, this feels like a major step back.  Perhaps it's the Paradox feel to this game, which I'm not a fan on their games.  I feel that it has no depth like the Wargame series.  There seems to be less strategy.  It feels sloppy.  Infintry is terrible.  Line of sight is a joke.  Playing is not fun.  I miss the dynamic campaign from Red Dragon.  Overall, it's a decent game, but I am highly disappointed.  Maybe they will make this better with time, but compared to Wargame, this is a huge let down."
,Not Recommended,572410,32029424,Posted: 28 May,all,Vardemis,"It's a beautiful game indeed but :- 1 tactics, blocked then rush- 2 how the hell mg fire didn't pinned down any infantery caught in the open like immmediately ....- 3 how the hell a stuart can engage 4 panzer IV auf H .... killed the 4 panzer IV survive direct hit of the 75mm KwK 40/L48 and didn't even be shaken a little like ""hell that was close and lest withdraw and not try our luck further""- 4 how the hell the a sherman M1a1 with a 75mm M3 gun can perforate the frontal armor of a koenig tiger  ...and a lot of the same remark ....I'm a little disappointed by the game so far ...."
76561198044902407,Not Recommended,572410,31572277,Posted: 5 May,all,xXROUGEXx,"Can't recommend this game, it's to heavily unbalanced, it favors allies to heavily. Bad game mechanics that allow ""Light recon"" vehicles to kill King Tigers, arty spam, plane spam, worthless AA, this game has all the failings it needs for me to give it a bad review. It is fun, when you are far outplaying your oppenent. But as Axis if you come up against even a half good allied player, it's going to be a struggle. Versus playing as the allies, I've literally won a match while helping my daughter color her coloring book.Here is why I'm refunding tho, the game is highly unstable. Every match there is a 50% weather the server will kick you, the game will bug and drop you, etc.  That is my personal experience with this game. I am able to play any other game I want online with no issues, but this game has CONSTANT disconnects/crashes.Then there is the issue of quitters, people are constantly quitting or Dcing, whichever I don't know. But it is a HEADACHE. The Ai doesn't take over their army, no YOU DO. So you can end up Microing on several different parts of the map. It's absurd to be perfectly honest.I have 71 hours on record at the time of posting this, and I'm requesting a refund."
76561197968571832,Not Recommended,572410,33317110,Posted: 6 July,all,Buzzkill,"Summary: A decent military sim ruined by glaring problems.Score: 5.5/10By now you already know what the game is all about, so I'll cut to the chase and tell you what I don't like about it.First and foremost, Steel Division requires a LOT of micro-management for an RTS game of this scale.  You have to watch your units like a hawk to keep them from committing a suicidally stupid maneuver any time they're anywhere near the enemy.  If a unit strays just a few pixels too far, it's out of cover and therefore probably dead.  You might save up your pennies to buy the tank you need to turn the tide of the battle and laboriously send it to the front -- and then when it finally gets there it immediately gets killed as it blunders into the crosshairs of an AT gun that YOU knew was there, but didn't order the tank to avoid because you were too busy micromanaging the path of another unit on the other side of the map at the time.  Sure, you can mitigate this by turning down the game's speed -- but who wants to play a whole battle on super slo-mo?Steel Division also lacks an autosave or checkpoint feature, so unless you have the discipline to save frequently, you can lose a LOT of progress if it crashes.  That wouldn't be an issue in most games, but Steel Division seems unusually unstable.  After having it crash near the end of 3 out of the 5 campaign scenarios I played, resulting in the loss of hours of gameplay, I decided that enough was enough.And that wasn't just bad luck.  Take a look at the changelog for the recent ""Duelists"" update: there's a whole laundry list of fixed bugs containing the words ""crash"" or ""freeze"" in their description, and lots of other folks have complained about bugs or crashes in their reviews.  IMO the code quality of this game was highly suspect at the time of its release.Steel Division also features the worst voice acting I've heard in ages.  The actors frequently mispronounce common military terms, which depending on your mood can be either cringeworthy or hilarious -- but either way it's poor craftsmanship.  It's a testament to the developer's commitment to quality (or lack thereof) that they didn't bother to correct something so obvious and simple to fix.If you can look past all of that, Steel Division is a decent military simulation.  The basic game engine models the capabilities of tanks and artillery and so forth fairly well at this scale.  But for me the game's overall quality is just too low for me to want to spend any more time on it."
76561198074324511,Recommended,572410,31120390,Posted: 13 April,all,ArrangedTuba292,I was hoping Eugene systems would develope a WWII game for so long.......................... FINALLY I GOT MY WWII WARGAME WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO best RTS on the market will spam shermans for days 11/10
76561198059672876,Recommended,572410,31023325,Posted: 8 April,all,[Wehr] General.Piscorik,"fun to play, takes some getting used to though. AI can be to hard to face at times even on normal difficulty. All in all its a must have for WWII fans."
76561198029209727,Recommended,572410,31028535,Posted: 8 April,all,Alzitar,"It takes some effort to get into, but you are rewarded with a deep and inovating rts game that scratches all your ww2 commanding itches!"
,Recommended,572410,31119856,Posted: 13 April,all,Trav,"This shows a lot of promise. The level of detail in the maps is outstanding. The control of the units are very detailed and responsive. Physics seems realistic - tank warfare has never been so strategic up to this point. Not only do you have to find ways to get the advantage by using the correct counter-attacks, but the direction your tanks take hits affects the likelyhood of surviving the hit. Super promising. I hope the rest of the game lives up to the high expectations I have, judging by the beta."
76561198041236865,Recommended,572410,31109246,Posted: 12 April,all,leifstrand,Great game!
,Recommended,572410,31177603,Posted: 16 April,all,Death Light,I have 44 minutes and i like this game so far.It's really enjoyable and i love that you can create you batllegrup.I really want a long camping with custocenes and historic battle.i gave 9/10 and when camping it's done 10/10.
76561198041819941,Recommended,572410,31072162,Posted: 10 April,all,Barry B. Benson,"So far, I'm enjoying it. I have to take it in spurts, though, because the AI is too good and the players range between brain dead baboon and fiendish mastermind. There are a number of very interesting mechanics and mixed elements that makethis game in many ways a match made in heaven. However, there are a number of issues. For now I'll ignore bugs.Pros--Unique combination of RTS mechanics. There is both physical and psychological damage. Often this manifests as a unit breaking and retreating. This mechanic is similar to R.U.S.E's retreat mechanic, but it doens't only indicate damage. A tank can be supressed by a flak or HMG in the right circumstances, like in real life, because the rain of lead will scare the crew. No damage is being done to the tank, its all psychological.There are a number of destruction mechanics, and as of now I'm not sure if they are based on a damage model or a random number generator. Infantry can be gunned down, burnt, or exploded. Vehicle crews can bail out, fuel and ammo can be exploded, and other things can cause the vehicle to become destoryed or inoperable for a time. This is a lot like the variable effects on units and vehicles in WargameBuildings are destructable. This is great, because it means that, eventually, constant fighitng in a town will reduce it to a point of very minor strategic value, as infantry can't use the buildings as cover. This is a lot like Company of Heroes 2.Vegetation can be between medium and good cover, and works like both CoH2 and RUSE/Wargame in that it is a useful stealth option and a source of cover.Near true combined arms. Infantry, variaty of ground vehicles, aircraft (fighter, fighter/bombers, bomers), artillery/towed/self-propelled guns, off map artillery. This is like RUSE/Wargame, and like older traditional RTS games.'Decks', or 'battlegroups', based on historical divisions in the Normandy campaign can be built and customized with historically accurate equipment available to that specific unit. This is like Wargame, but the attention to detail is interesting, if only leaving the player wanting a bit more from the roster.-Highly detailed, very large maps with lots of players.-Generally good connection in multiplayer maps.-Challenging AI with varioius difficulty levels for all players to enjoy and have a challenge.-Pretty good graphics and good effects. Decent sounds.-The frontline system. As far as I know, no RTS has had this type of system in this kind of setting. Its a fresh take on a well established formula that adds spice and makes the game feel more authenitc, as well as more dynamically engaging for the player than a simple territory system like Wargame.-More complex than RUSE, less complex than Wargame. Take that as you will, but for meit means that the game is much more approachable and can still have some intense strategy-counter strategy moments that arent simple rush tactics.-The phase system. It's interesting, and allows a more authentic experience while allowing you to streamline your planning more easily.Cons--Limited unit roster. Quite limited. I'm not of the persuasion that the unit roster needs to be massive, but I was hoping for a bit more. I'll hold my breath until the end of the beta to see if we get a proper roster.-Poor individual unit AI. This is part git gud and part programming error. It doesn't seem to be a bug, the units are just a bit dumb and will need more micro than you first expect from this game. You've heard ""too many cooks ruin the broth,"" well, this is more like ""too many broths ruin the cook."" You've gotta be on your toes or you will lose units that where key in holding an area or making a push.-Some balancing issues. Again, not a bug but I'll hold my breath until after the beta to really judge this. The AA is basically usless you'veprepared a trap very meticulopusly and the enemy falls for it. The tanks need a little reworking, and I think the fighter/bomberscould use a little nerf as well. Thats just me.-Repetative tactics. I've only played a few hours but I already see the best ways to approach each of the three maps. This could be countered by a bigger unit roster, maybe dyanmic weather (with unique effects or something), and time; as players fingure out tactics to counter established map tactics.-Deckbuilding is too game-directed and bland. This is a roster problem, but it goes deeper. The phase system is fun, but combined with the limited roster you basically can determine after a few games what the most effective design for a battlegroup is and never need to change it. This may change with more unique variaties of the same unit, even if most of them are filler, as it would at least extend the player's interest in trying all the combinations out.Conclusion:The game has a lot of good ideas, and for the most part they're very well integrated. However, there are a number of issues, not the preformance or connection, but with the core game mechanics."
76561198114253374,Recommended,572410,30980592,Posted: 6 April,all,elkeyzz,"♥♥♥♥EN BEAUTIFUL, time to get good kids"
76561197988340313,Recommended,572410,30984211,Posted: 6 April,all,Magnus,As a fan of Wargame this is a given game in my library.
76561197991700752,Recommended,572410,30970756,Posted: 5 April,all,dabking69,"This game is a spin off from Wargame, which is awesome. The wargame system is a really good base for this type of game. Almost everything that I didn't like about wargame has been changed for this game.Having things such as the line of sign indicator makes micro-management of troops so much more satisfying. I would definitely recommend this game and i look forward to seeing how it grows and expands. It has awesome potential."
76561198077417479,Recommended,572410,31138356,Posted: 14 April,all,Vanaja,"Very nice game, worth every penny already. Beta is great fun and with friends even better."
,Recommended,572410,31018595,Posted: 8 April,all,Kimthulhu,"A worthy successor to Wargame! The scale is a bit more intimate, and you'll have to adjust to warfare being different in this era, but if you stick with it you'll find that it has everything we loved about Wargame."
,Recommended,572410,31047519,Posted: 9 April,all,♣♠Tapsu♠♣,"Steel division is a good RTS game in its own right.Game in nutshell:Phase A:Basically a cold war.Phase B:The most fun phase in the whole match, funny toys and panzers.Phase C:if (phase = C) {Axis = ""Run..."";}else {Allies = ""GG!"";}fin"
76561198105984732,Recommended,572410,31035128,Posted: 9 April,all,m710,"This game is like Wargame (previous Eugene series) but in WW2. Beta so far so good, but the game will need like 10 times more content than is available right now and still some polishing to be worth the money. (I know they have not released most of it and that it is coming) If you need to play immediately some kind of this game, go buy Wargame: red dragon/airland battle (as it is better suited for players new to the franchise imo) or wait till the game is released."
,Recommended,572410,30969226,Posted: 5 April,all,HMS_Indy_Capt_Ford,"amazing game, WW2 version of wargame with enough new features to keep you entertained (like getting units to surrender is wholly satisfying)"
76561197964977205,Recommended,572410,31125133,Posted: 13 April,all,Casualington,"Steel Division is the most realstic and strategic RTS I have played, and the new conquest game mode is great."
76561198106118477,Recommended,572410,31156895,Posted: 15 April,all,El Goose,Very enjoyable. Great for fans of Ruse and Wargame
,Recommended,572410,31044245,Posted: 9 April,all,Neworder,10/10 great game
,Recommended,572410,31055493,Posted: 10 April,all,synario,"Excellent Game.Unlike the previous wargame titles, the WW2 era allows for slower paced, more-enjoyable gameplay. Infantry feels a lot more vital this time around."
,Recommended,572410,31053542,Posted: 9 April,all,Wilson [MG],This is by far my favorite game that Eugen Systems has made thus far.  I really like the way they did the factions as historical divisions in this one.
76561198071066179,Recommended,572410,31889023,Posted: 21 May,all,CocoRider,RTS gamer will buy this game because it is funwhen you think about this game you will waste in time
76561198026254912,Recommended,572410,31012510,Posted: 8 April,all,Tron92,"If you love the wargame series then you will love this game. If you are a fan of RTS and WW2 then you will love this game. Can't wait for the full release, already recommending to friends so we can team play."
,Recommended,572410,31021706,Posted: 8 April,all,omar_uav,a great RTS game for WW2RIP COH2
76561198035451286,Recommended,572410,30985409,Posted: 6 April,all,Coulter47,yes.. YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS JUST YES
76561197970800213,Recommended,572410,30986390,Posted: 6 April,all,CsG,Cool.
,Recommended,572410,31923168,Posted: 23 May,all,Nightingale0093,"Awesome game,In a sense,it's a remake of RUSE using wargame experience.Of course,EugenSystem's game always needs a longtime polishing.But it's still worth to try."
76561197972293157,Recommended,572410,31924834,Posted: 23 May,all,Bobsters,"A good balance between the micro of company of heroes and scale of the wargame series. The speed of the match is somewhere in between those two. Eugen does a decent job of balancing the gameplay while still adding realistic immersion on a scale not seen in anything but hardcore simulators. Their attention to detail in adding unit variety is unparalleled.The game addresses alot of the complaints of customers of the wargame series setting it up for a smooth transition. However, this game is slower and more deliberate than wargame, combined arms is rewarded more than spamming.If you thought wargame was a little too much, but company of heroes wasn't enough, this will be a good fit for you."
,Recommended,572410,31929894,Posted: 23 May,all,MistaCreepy,If this is your kind of game its an almost perfect execution of it. The combat feels both frantic and tactical. The sheer amount of divisions and all of the possible decks that can constructed is amazing.
76561198006593603,Recommended,572410,31957837,Posted: 25 May,all,Zartox,Great. Hard to learn hard to master. But more easier to get into then the Wargame series. If you understand every aspect of the game and of course its units its a fun pleasure.
76561198007254129,Recommended,572410,32194977,Posted: 5 June,all,timjohnb5,"This is a very well put together game, in that it basically is very simple and addictive. Most war games like this try and bog you down with resource gathering or over aggressive AI which means you can't enjoy the planning stage. This game simply gives you set number of resources to call on and the AI is slightly more sensible in its actions.The graphics I think are good, however I would say they probably could have improved them a little more. I run a GTX980ti and I don't feel this level of graphics, even at very high, challenge it.The main complaint I have about this game is the 'timer' on objectives in Single Player mode. Because of the timer you are rushed and can't carefully plan your strategy when on the offensive. I think it would have been better to remove this timer and create a different system of moving forward. Currently I'm hoping a mod or trainer will take care of this.Pros:1) Well thought out game2) Graphics good (could be better)3) Designed as a more realistic strategy game than a Command and Conqueror style.4) Smart AICons:1) Timer is a real pain and makes you rush and not enjoy certain missions2) Graphics could be a little better.3) Wish there was more single player missions but I assume there will be add-ons."
,Recommended,572410,32909130,Posted: 27 June,all,Audacity,"Amazing game, BUT the game takes at least 200 hours to become good at. It also doesnt help that the dev's are lazy ♥♥♥♥s who release jack♥♥♥♥♥♥for content. To them this game was just a money grabIt's too bad."
,Recommended,572410,32941397,Posted: 28 June,all,Premi,Crush fascist scum like in real history.
,Recommended,572410,31250955,Posted: 20 April,all,_Brohan_,Amazing game with a lot of potential.
,Recommended,572410,31920415,Posted: 23 May,all,Magpie (Szikra),"An in-depth, realistic take on upon the Western front warfare. Truly a must have for every fan of the Wargame series or history buffs in general. The graphics are marvellous, the historical and tactical accuracy is outstanding. Wholeheartedly recommended."
,Recommended,572410,31923575,Posted: 23 May,all,Tom Bombadil,"Speaking as a casual RTS player, who was a big fan of R.U.S.E, this is an excellent game. However, this is far more complex and strategic than R.U.S.E. There is a steep learning curve, and an undeniably original game format. If you wish to challenge yourself and at the same time have a fun and immersive WWII RTS experience, this is the game for you. That being said, those who are familiar with Eugen titles, and similar Paradox titles, will certainly be more familiar with the game than I was.The front line game format is very creative and is an interesting way of representing your dominance on the map. It is dynamic, moving as fluidly as your units, and may suggest the advance or retreat of enemy units. However, if you do not use recon efficiently, you will not know whether the flank is being pushed by one infantry division or a wave of Tigers! It is in no way a betrayal of stealth gameplay...you merely need to reconsider your tactics.The use of Battlegroups, for me, is a lot of fun. Since I prefer infantry units, my battlegroup focuses on infantry gameplay, supported by artillery and air units. My Battlegroup is the British Red Devils, 6th Airborne. ""We're Airborne, we're supposed to be surrounded"": a quote from Band of Brothers which the development team has taken to heart; airborne units do not suffer penalties for being withing the enemy sector (being surrounded). I love using mortars to fire covering smoke which allows for infantry to retreat, charge forward, ambush unsuspecting armour or infantry, or even to suggest an advance where I am actually static. With mere British tanks, armour is certainly not my trump card, but my lads will get the job done!There is no 'HP' bar, nor health status in general. Instead, they have suppression/stress levels, which if full causes your units to panic, stop functioning and eventually surrender or be destroyed. This is quite unique and may take some getting used to. To prevent this, your units can retreat (for thirty seconds) or receive aid in the form of smoke, artillery support, or by destroying or suppressing the unit which is suppressing your unit. This system leads to greater tactical gameplay, as your units must support each other. This prevents, or reduces, the spam tactics which were often used in R.U.S.E; you must consider how to support your units. Furthermore, ammo is not unlimited; you must supply ammo to reinforce your units, especially for artillery. This is not a major concern for me as my Battlepack provides multiple supply trucks, and ammo is rarely depleted from infantry units.Though I have merely begun it, the campaign appears to be a well-told and challenging story involving the many struggles which the Allies (and Axis) faced during the invasion of Normandy.The Chat function which allows you to speak to the entire Steel Division community is very useful for connecting with the community and finding new opponents for multiplayer.To conclude, I am very much enjoying the game. It is too early to criticise the game as I am still discovering new units, maps, tactics and game modes. Overall, it is a very impressive RTS which, for me, has breathed new life and creativity into the RTS genre."
,Recommended,572410,31923868,Posted: 23 May,all,ThrownIntoSol,"Steel Division: Normandy 44Short Answer: I absolutely love this game!If you like the Wargame series, RUSE, World War 2, or even just Real-Time Strategy Games in general, then this game might just blow you away! I played 51 hours in the Open Beta, and 5 hours in the Private Beta.Gameplay.The game takes place in three phases of battle that present an escalation of battle. Throughout a game you'll be pushing forward your visible front-line by moving forward and destroying an enemy. There are no hit-points for your units, and human squads will panic (and their members die) as they are fired upon becoming either pinned, or fleeing. Vehicles will also panic, but if a shot is of enough strength to penetrate it will damage or kill said vehicle - without any hit-point abstractions. Line-of-Sight is extremely important in this game, and can easily be seen at any-time thanks to simply hitting the ""c"" key. Cover is another important mechanic, with heavy cover and light cover providing protection, blocking sight, and making units harder to spot. You get a flat income per minute, per phase - specific numbers are dictated by your division choice. In single-player, you can control the game speed and also pause - something I greatly appreciate.You can also design 'battle-groups' worth of units, from a specific historic divisions, from the 101st Airborne, to the dreaded Panzer Lehr Division. Each division has it's own strengths and weaknesses, including; different unit choices, different income rates for each phase, and different maximum unit-choice counts. An armoured division will have more choices for tanks, but limited infantry and lower income rates for the earlier phases, for example.Additional InfoIn-battle speed controls are a life-saver, especially when things get hectic - slowing down the game speed really helps when you're learning the ropes!Runs excellently in Windowed, and isn't that resource-intensive.Audio and Visual quality of the game are both maybe not more than average, but this doesn't damage the game in any way.The campaign VO is not great, but the in-battle battle barks are fine.Battlefields are large, and change shape depending on how many players are in a battle. The maps are all varied, unique, and highly detailed - as they're based on 1944-era recon photos.Both visual and audio quality is good, but not spectacular.The three campaigns are short - but this isn't much of an issue considering the excellent single-player skirmish mode. That said, I would like both more campaigns, and longer campaigns.Might need a bit of minor unit balancing, as well as balancing between the divisions.The learning curve to get to grips with this game took me a while, even though I played I've played the Wargame series for hours. It took me a while to learn how long the ranges on guns are compared to most games for example!Unarmed transports disappear once their cargo is dropped off, which really helps cut down on battlefield clutter.Even a single Anti-Tank gun or Tank can ruin your day, which migh decrease your enjoyment if this kinda thing frustrates you.Considering forces are based on historic forces, there isn't that much unit variance. That said, different divisions are still highly unique by changing unit veterency and availability depending on a division's speciality.Disclaimer(s):I played in the Private Beta. Not much of a disclaimer, but I thought I'd mention it. This review was written at release primarily using what I experienced during the Beta."
76561197994302069,Recommended,572410,31929098,Posted: 23 May,all,[H]arbinger,Great successor to RD.Single player campaign far too short.Great multiplayer.
,Recommended,572410,31953746,Posted: 25 May,all,[SG] Raffles251,"While I have been an avid fan of the Wargame series, and to some degree I felt that this game was a ""simpler"" and less complicated version of Wargame, I felt that it has done tremendously well in bringing out the Strategy, Tactics and Logistical planning of the Historical Normandy campaign of World War 2. Some tweaking is needed to balance historical accuracy and the gameplay however this deserves at least a 4/5. Well done again Eugen Systems!"
,Not Recommended,572410,31958743,Posted: 25 May,all,Minitrue,"Buggy mess ! Game crashed on startup, on checking the forums these problems have existed since beta and clearly still haven't been nailed !! After going through the dev suggested ""fixes"" of changing ini file which didn't work, on a hunch I switched my second monitor off . . . and the game started. Only to crash during load.Starting it again. . . it got to the menu screen.Game is super buggy ! Buyer beware !!You're probably not seeing a lot of crash complaints in the reviews because the game actually needs to run for a few minutes in order for you to be valid to leave a review. Ha !"
76561197968818598,Recommended,572410,31996334,Posted: 27 May,all,Roninman,"Good game that will keep you interested for long time thanks to its different divisions and from 1vs1 to quite big 10vs10 games. Game currently has 18 division between allied and axis sides and this will keep players occupied by creating perfect ""deck"" to match their preferred playstyle.Games maps are of course only Normandy, graphics are nice but there is some optimisation still missing and sound effect are good enough but no that special. People who want to step up from playing Company of Heroes this is quite good alternative."
76561197981947869,Not Recommended,572410,32020911,Posted: 28 May,all,TapoCa,"Unplayabale on my upgraded lenovo y50-70; 4 out of 5 games crashed with the message of ""Your computer is too slow for this game.""Gameplay seemed fine for what I saw, if only it was stable enough to dive into.Cant recommend in current state (28.05.17)"
76561198017015210,Recommended,572410,32112795,Posted: 1 June,all,sps_sy,"The only and biggest problem of this game: Because the map is too big, it turns into a ""icon fight icon"" game.You need to use your imaginaition to fill the combat scene between units by the sound efffect (which is pretty good) and graphics effect.But if you zoomed in, you will notice those human units animations and combat detail are very bad. Thankfully we don't care because no one could notice it.Comparing with COH or COH2 which a lot people are comaring this game with. Those 2 are far more better."
76561198026460237,Recommended,572410,32114628,Posted: 1 June,all,SofaSurfer,OMG the best game ever!!!
76561198071302144,Recommended,572410,32115469,Posted: 1 June,all,starlightwolf15,Great game. I love the attention they gave to historical details. Very similar to War games but have stages the game goes through allowing new units as the game progresses. The divisions in multiplayer are really cool and help give your divisions better direction. Im very happy they added campaigns and hope to see more because it seems a little short. Only for missions for 3 different sides.
76561198384036069,Recommended,572410,32130379,Posted: 2 June,all,MayTheSchwartzBeWithYou,"Steel Division: Normandy 44 is a great choice if you are a die hard WW2 or hardcore RTS fan. The experience at times is enthralling, unforgiving but extremely rewarding at the end. The unit diversification is one of the best parts of the game. From Eugenes deck based battlegroup selection you can outfit your selected division with so many varying units to support your play style. From recon units and scout cars to bombers tanks artillery there are hundreds of possibilities to maximize your playstyle within your battlegroup. The game runs great and looks amazing when you have the chance to savor the action up close. Most of the time your commanding units from the top down screen but even whilst playing a 10v10 multiplayer game against players I couldnt help but scroll all the way in and be part of the action. Tutorials were great at teaching you all the mechanics and the campaign, yet somewhat difficult for the most part until you have some seat time, helps reinforce those ideas further. Definitely a must buy for any Wargame, Ruse, or RTS/WW2 fan."
,Recommended,572410,31998202,Posted: 27 May,all,Sedghammer,One of the best strategy games to release in the last decade. If you are a strategy gamer and/or RTS fan you don't want to miss this one.
76561198065256130,Recommended,572410,32093392,Posted: 31 May,all,Cpl - Craig 'Hunter' Smith,"Its okay...i love the depth of units and armies, and it does indeed present a massive learning curve when transitioning from Company of Heros which 'can' be rewarding, however, my entire play time is mixed with frustration, enjoyment & rage quit moments not going to lie.The lack of ability to alter the games difficulty really does put a dampener on it as even on the tutorial level / skirmish it seems vastly unfair / unguided to help the player fully understand all aspects of the game.For example im on the 2 & 3rd mission of the US and it feels really unforgiving and makes me think "" why did i buy this ? why did i buy a game where it punishes me at every point?"" granted people will be better than me at this but at least give the player the option to lower the difficulty.Saying that mind you there is a massive sense of satisfaction when you execute a well thought out and won plan, like when i defended La Fiere, so i geuss swings and roundabouts but id still prefer the option.Id only recomend this game to fellow ww2 buffs and if they want a challenge does very much feel like the Dark Souls of RTS atm"
76561198036702281,Recommended,572410,33335441,Posted: 7 July,all,F.O.A.D.,My initial review for this game was negative but a prompt response from the developers changed my mind. Underneath all the annoying flaws and bugs in this game lies a foundation for a potential WW2 RTS masterpiece!Dear Eugen Systems... URGENT... CoH & CoH2 were successful because the MODDING COMMUNITY added near-infinite replay value for those games.Steel Division can only have ONE mod activated at a time so it's very limited.
76561197981849557,Recommended,572410,33355234,Posted: 7 July,all,Mr. T,"An intense RTS/STRAT style game that offers real time combat, a long with a mix of strategy and World War Two. I would recommend this for most players, from Hearts of Iron to CoH I think STRAT gamers all around would enjoy this game."
76561198004873108,Recommended,572410,33478796,Posted: 12 July,all,Beaker,"Great game, better than the COH series, which I enjoyed alot :-)"
76561198004686115,Recommended,572410,33500805,Posted: 13 July,all,GulfXray,"Very good dynamic gameplay and very enjoyable to play.  A bit of a learning curve around learning unit capabilities, but not bad.   Plenty of variety through the Allied/Axis divisions represented as well as the maps.  Could go on, but battle awaits!"
,Recommended,572410,31312241,Posted: 22 April,all,Drebien,Ive really enjoyed the beta of this game. The AI dosent cheat nearly as much as other wargames and the balance is very good exspeccialy for a beta. I havent really found a play style that isnt viable if you work with your team and play well. vision is SUPER IMPORTANT. but overall a fun and enjoyable game im excited for the full release for more maps and units.
76561197971307893,Recommended,572410,31916448,Posted: 23 May,all,Beowulf,"Wonderful RTS with nail biting tension. No more fighting over pylons or points. Steel Division has you fight over ground which is a much interesting and accurate representation of warfare on the front line.  Have you ever wanted to call in a plane to strafe enemy soldiers, if so, this is the game for you. In response the enemy will call in a plane of their own and soon you will have a dog fight happening on your screen.  For those that have played Wargame, you will feel right at home. For those that have not here are a few things that make this one special: Soldiers'' lives matter, you have a fixed number to bring in and veteran troops are rare (not something you pay 100 gems to unlock). You can call in off map artillery which can decimate buildings, or calling in napalm to light an enemy's attack on fire.  Vision is very important. You have to use recon planes and troops to see enemy positions. On map artillery can be used to block vision with smoke. Lastly, the graphics are superb and the performance of the game is fantastic."
,Recommended,572410,31922946,Posted: 23 May,all,LightMonk,Since I played the Wargame Titles from Eugene Systems I always dreamed that they make one in WW2 Setting.Now this game has finally arrived and its everything I ever dreamed about.PANZER VOR!
76561198047426548,Recommended,572410,31959920,Posted: 25 May,all,Estonia,"IntroductionIf you are a long-time fan of Eugen's Wargame franchise, then you will feel right at home here. Likewise, if you are new to Eugen's style of RTS games, the tutorials and single player campaign do a fairly good job of introducing the game's concepts. There is a lot to like here, and if you are interested you should definitely give this game a try. Given that this game is basically the spiritual successor Wargame, I've written a farily detailed explaination of what has changed (and why these changes are good) from the perspective of a long-time fan of the Wargame franchise. If you don't care, skip to the bottom to read the conclusion.They Fixed ConqeustThis game makes a number of improvements upon the old Wargame formula, most notably with regards to conquest. Map control is no longer defined by capturing sectors like in Wargame, but by the actual proportion of the map you own. This is anAMAZINGfeature, and it is really hard to state just how much this changes the nature of the game and how conquest is played. Every inch of the map is now critical to gaining the edge over your opponent. Never again will there be these long, protracted, and grueling fights for relativly tiny sectors that become literal fortresses in a 25 square kilometer map. You can scout out enemy weak points along their lines and thrust forwards to create an opportunity for yourself. This is a fantastic feature of the game and it really makes conquest the way to play this game.Deployment and Resource ReworkThe second biggest (and my personal favorite) change has been in how units are depolyed and points are aquired. Every battle now has three phases that come incrementally as the match goes on. Phase A is the skirmish phase with an emphasis on light tanks, infantry, and recon units. Phase B is where you start to roll out your medium tanks and assault units to take advantage of the progress you made (or didn't make) in phase A. Phase C is the ""all-in"" phase where you get your heaviest vehicles like Tiger II tanks and heavy bombers. These new phases give the match a real sense of progression and evolution as time goes on. On the other hand, points to deploy all these units are aquired in timed intervals based upon the division you chose to play as. Certain divisions, such as the 101st Airborne, will get more points in phase A than other divisions. However, the trade-off is you will recive less income in later phases and divisions designed for the early-game won't have the firepower to fight a late-game division in phase C. The division you chose now actually has an impact on how you play, and this is a feature that I am really quite fond of.New Unit DynamicsThe way units now behave and interact with other units has changed ever so slightly. Tanks are now quite expensive and avalible in far less numbers than they were in Wargame. In addition, tanks now prominently feature an armor and penetration value. In simple terms, in order for an enemy tank to be destroyed, a unit with a higher penetration value than the enemy's armor value must be used, otherwise all attacks are basically worthless. Given that tanks aren't highly avalible and can be quite easily taken out by anti-tank weapons, tanks are now more or less units that function to support the infantry. Speaking of infantry, they have now become the mainstay of most armies in this game. They are cheap, numerous, somewhat flexible, and well suited to fighting in the hedgerows of Normandy. Most units in the game function in one form or another to support the infantry. However, probably the biggest change has been how planes and anti-air interact. In Wargame, it used to be that if you accidentally flew your plane over enemy AA, it was probably dead if it didn't have god-teir ECM. Now, AA can really only stun planes, meaning that at best, your glorious collection of six flak emplacements will just make a plane turn around and fly away. AA is not meant to kill planes anymore, it is there to set up your interceptors to gun it down as it trys to fly away. Other than that, most of the other units behave pretty much the same as they used to and are fairly self explanatory.Minor ComplaintsDespite all my gushing over everything this game has done right, there are a few things I don't like. First off, everything is inaccurate as all hell in the early game. It feels like your tanks will miss 60% of their shots, and the ones they do manage to land just bounce off enemy tanks or kill like one or two enemy soldiers. It feels like my AT guns couldn't hit the broadside of a barn sometimes and the enemy AT guns are veteran sharpshooters. Units also panic and retreat a lot. It is really annoying when half of your tank force flees the battle because a mortor shell detonated 20 meters from their well armored, mortar protected vehicles.ConclusionThis game is pretty good and I quite enjoy it. Eugen has made a number of improvements to the Wargame formula to make this game very fun and dynamic. They fixed conquest, reworked unit deployment, and changed the general unit dynamics to make the game a more enjoyable experience. If you are new to these kinds of games, understand that they are quite realistic. If that kind of stuff is your cup of tea, you should give this game a go if you have the time and money to spare."
76561197969768203,Recommended,572410,31961174,Posted: 25 May,all,More Majorum,"Just put 11 hours into this game. It is as everyone says it is, it's awsome! i have to slow the game right down to get a control on all the units - and even then the game is intense! There's hardly a second when you are not doing something. Love how you can zoom right into the action when in commander view!Gotta love the ai too, it outflanks you, shells you and gives you a hard time. Just failed the second mission twice on the solo campaign..I don't care it was an epic try!Buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198126722450,Recommended,572410,31983713,Posted: 26 May,all,RebelShutze<3,"SD is a brutally realistic strategy game, and does the good old Stug III some proper justice."
76561197997391010,Recommended,572410,32114636,Posted: 1 June,all,philipdante,The most fun i´ve had in a long time! Very rewarding for those with a tactical interest in gaming. A little bit hard to find ranked games when playing with friends at the moment though.
76561197980843767,Recommended,572410,31922630,Posted: 23 May,all,Factor,"This game is here to stay,One off best strategy games ever.And i am strategy fan  since DUNE 2  on sega mega drive (thats like 20+ years)So with full confidence i can recomend this game to anyone who calls himself strat gamer"
,Recommended,572410,31912454,Posted: 22 May,all,Nova,It is amazing
,Recommended,572410,30983876,Posted: 6 April,all,Kai,"Super fun! I could never wrap my head around Wargame, but I'm having a blast with Steel Division!The territory-style of play feels much better than control points. Units feel meaningful.Great game!"
76561197963042131,Recommended,572410,30984275,Posted: 6 April,all,Hellfish6,"I was a little wary about this game until I watched some Twitch streams. I got the pre-order beta based on what I saw in those streams, and wasn't disappointed. I'm pretty much a solitaire player, and the skirmish battles I've had so far were a lot of fun. The same is a good balance between fun and realism and history and 'what-if' history. I strongly recommend it for those of you unsure if the solitaire is going to be fun or not. The campaign isn't available yet, but I'm eagerly looking forward to it."
,Recommended,572410,30979694,Posted: 6 April,all,CaptainRufus,"This is the next big thing in RTS, I have been playing the Beta for the last few hours and this it is so good, I can not overstate how pleased I am with this game. If you want a new WW2 RTS or just enjoyed the previous Eugen games Wargame and RUSE then this is a must buy. There is enough already in the Beta for you to entertain yourself with till release, highly polished and have not noticed a single glitch, well done Eugen looking forward to all the new content coming up already!"
,Recommended,572410,31050033,Posted: 9 April,all,[L²:RP][F.I] ForceGhost,Amazing game. 10/10
76561197963661407,Recommended,572410,31404060,Posted: 27 April,all,Stinky,"This game is fantastic.  Great tactical depth and smooth gameplay.  Large games are a blast, and the maps are absolutely breathtaking.  A few bugs, but smoother than most AAA games at launch these days, and the biggest ones I've had seem to have already been fixed.  Can't wait for more people to join the war!"
76561197992022758,Recommended,572410,32795639,Posted: 25 June,all,MOTHER LOVER,"If you have enjoyed any of the prior wargame franchise then you will absolutely love this game.+graphics+scale+pace / tempo+Greatly improved tank combat, and infantry combatThey have simplified unit experience, and simplified armor health. I have played all the prior wargame games, and I really like how they handled armor ""health"" etc in this game. It seems much more intuitive, basically boils down to does it pen or not."
,Recommended,572410,31933432,Posted: 24 May,all,Lonewolf,"This game reminds me so much of RUSE. Infact its the same developer that developed RUSE. This is one of the best WWII strategy games I have played.If you like strategy with no base building, where you have to manage your troops precisely, control sectors and flank or ambush enemies, then you should definitely get this game. You will NOT be dissipointed."
,Recommended,572410,31944623,Posted: 24 May,all,Apnea,Good fun. AI a challenge.
,Recommended,572410,32702590,Posted: 23 June,all,1stEPI Gunny,"I've enjoyed this game well enough. Worth a buy from my point of view, even though the balance still has a little ways to go."
,Recommended,572410,32972428,Posted: 28 June,all,Chief,"WWII + Wargame: Red Dragon = Steel Division: Normandy 44For the fans of WWII and Wargame: Red Dragon, this should probably be on your bucket list."
,Recommended,572410,32002010,Posted: 27 May,all,=ADK= Bromance,"Over all pleased with the game. Noting crazy unique yet still it's own thing.No base building, you can select cards (troops or equipment etc) that you go into battle with. It allows enough diversity to change up as needed but not a crazy amount of choices. Graphics are sub par considering other games but more then enough to enjoy. Game play is fluid and easiy enough to do but takes a few rounds to get the short cuts etc for faster movement. Maps are great so far.I haven't played m/p yet but seems there might be issues? No comment other then read up a bit on it. Skirmash is great and becareful, games can be long like over an hour."
76561197982417867,Recommended,572410,32138050,Posted: 2 June,all,12 YEARS A KRAB,Fantastic WW2 RTS.  Gets the pace of battle right with a great mix of units.
76561197972316607,Recommended,572410,32358963,Posted: 11 June,all,cc\\Nox,Extremely good. I'll write a more thorough review at a later date. I would say even if you consider yourself a grog I would give this a shot. There is a bit of an adjustment coming from Combat Mission (as I did) but it is very much worth it.
76561198041823410,Not Recommended,572410,33202005,Posted: 3 July,all,lorenzfx,"I really want to like this game. Sadly, it sucks. Some of those reasons could have been fixed by the developers, some don't.Note: I mostly played the game in team games from size 2vs2 to 4vs4 and some 1vs1ProsI really like the phase system, making a lot more units usefull than one ever used in Red DragonI really like the front line system, making the locations of the biggest fights at least a bit more unpredictableThere are some nice improvements in the UI versus Red Dragon (its spiritual predecessor)the tight historical setting, I hated fighting with imagined Yugoslavian supertanks against 1950s Chinese tanksConsAllied equipment is boring, probably mostly rooted in history, doesn't change the fact though, I also believe I win much more often with the Axis, but I have no statistics to back that upThe whole air game just isn't fun, the airwar feels too disjointed from what's going on on the ground, once your team has lost air superiority, get ready to be pounded with ever lasting plane trainsThe community really is a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and idiots, getting ready to be flamed and getting called a whole lot of racist, sexist and antisemitic slurs (but it isn't as bad as red dragon yet). Eugen (thedeveloper) doesn't seem to care.The are too few people playing, meaning, especially if you are playing ranked, players playing their first games get ranked against some of the best players, both probably don't enjoy the experience too muchThe meeting engagements (both side begin on one side of the map and rush as quickly to the middle as possible) get boring pretty quickly, I would like some kind of attack/defend scenariosit's like monopoly: once you start loosing, the game is lost unless your opponent does something truly stupid: has both sides have the same income (apart from divisional differences), loosing some of your equipment means the rest of your stuff is matched against more of your enemies equipment, who can now overwhelm you. This could be remedied by (at least) partially refunding lost points (at least in the first half of the game or so) with a slight delay. At least for conquest this wouldn't really be a problem, as in the time you have less equipment, your enemy can still capture some ground, but at least you have the chance to come back."
,Recommended,572410,31930472,Posted: 24 May,all,Noddactius,Reminds me of Close Combat series in a good way. Needs more units but Eugen Systems has delivered free updates with units on previous games. Hope Paradox won't change that.Edit: After first 2 SP missions I really like single player too. Maybe even more then skirmish!
76561198006633223,Recommended,572410,31623069,Posted: 8 May,all,vonTüchel,"I'll give it a thumbs up. Really nice strategy game, with quite some depth, but not too overwhelming for newcomers to the genre.Really liked the game so far and am really looking forward to the release version with all battlegroups unlocked. Hopefully the campaign mode will be good, but in the skirmishes the AI already seems to be quite decent. At least for a relative noob like me. And MP is very fun of course, especially the massive 10v10 battles are awesome."
76561198007238047,Not Recommended,572410,34464027,Posted: 24 August,all,Jeff,"Terrible graphics, animations and gameplay. One of the worst Paradox games I have ever played and you can bet they'll start rolling out useless DLC soon to start rinsing the game's players for every possible penny, thank you but no thank you! I continue to play some older Paradox titles but have to admit that the latest games they have put out aren't very good at all and not to mention to disgrace that is their policy towards DLC, will be very skeptical about buying from this company in the future."
76561197982095405,Recommended,572410,32045895,Posted: 29 May,all,vinss,"Finaly a Close Combat (TM) in 3D!This is the first game that mede  me forget about Close Combat game series, that i allways have installed on my PC since 1997! At least one of the versions of that games was on my PC. Now i can enjoy realistic battlefields in 3D.Thank you. Try this awesome game."
76561198002681502,Recommended,572410,32103180,Posted: 1 June,all,darren,"Love this game, Really hope theres plans fror dlc, including new campaigns, possibly early war too."
76561197999663637,Recommended,572410,31954261,Posted: 25 May,all,FriskyWhisky,It IS the WW2 RTS you have been looking for!
76561197960346510,Not Recommended,572410,32393370,Posted: 13 June,all,TheCinC,"What a strange game this is. Detailed historical units and maps, but gameplay that is basically the same as any other RTS and voiceovers made by people who don't know how to pronounce 'kraut' or 'cavalry'. *cringe* Machine guns that can fire in 360 degrees of direction, despite them being listed as two man teams, allowing them to completely annihilate any opposing force. Flanking? Impossible, the enemy has already set up positions everywhere. Suppressive fire? Only if you use artillery. Trying to get your units to follow routes that are unobserved by the enemy is like herding cats. Reinforcements come in exact units, even for airborne units that in real life got dropped in the wrong spot and had to spend a lot of time to gather themselves together and make it to their objectives. An AI enemy that just keeps spawning new units at certain spawn points and sending them towards the enemy by the shortest possible route, only getting out of their transport vehicles once fired upon, even if the enemy positions are already well-known. And if you're not properly dug in, meaning, if you have your troops not set up in an unassailable bunker, I mean, some random house or farm, tough luck, because th AI enemy will just overrun your positions with a never ending stream of reinforcements. Missions that can only be done one way, as that is the way they were conceived. Skirmish battles taking place on 'Omaha' Beach result in the Allies holding one part of the beach and the Germans holding another, instead of the Allies getting the beach and the Germans positions inland. I could go on. I won't say this game isn't fun, although your mileage may vary, but historical? Nah.TLDR: if you're looking for a game that is faithful to the history of WW2, which does justice to strategy and tactics of that era, look further. The units will be recognizable, but that is about it. Too bad. With a little more work, this game could have been exceptional, now it is mediocre at best. Let's hope the Steam Workshop comes to the rescue again, to turn this game into something that is actually worthwhile if you know anything about the history of WW2 and Normandy in particular."
,Not Recommended,572410,32420749,Posted: 14 June,all,julian0024,"Clunky as all hell. It's ok, but there are much better games that give the same experience."
,Recommended,572410,32969982,Posted: 28 June,all,rabbitleader,Great game so far. Enjoying a well made game.
76561198022086110,Recommended,572410,34680182,Posted: 2 September,all,Blitzkrieg,"Buy this game on sale, it's different and pretty decent but I have one thing to say about it.In multiplayer there is an UNGODLY amount of arty being thrown around and does the most damage. It feels less like a tactical game and more of a counter battery simulator when VS other players. I am gonna give this a good review because of the awesome voice acting and the phase thing they introduced even though it needs some work."
76561198053199213,Recommended,572410,30999591,Posted: 7 April,all,ペップ,The Churchill AVRE makes me wet.
76561198007367590,Not Recommended,572410,32021012,Posted: 28 May,all,mars~is~red,"This is just blunt force trauma. Nothing to it , its an empty shell of a game . Like tactics forget it strategy look elsewhere . This is just a battering ram you create as many units as you can toss em in the meat grinder and watch them get chewed up .. Might as well play Atari Pong"
76561198026853435,Recommended,572410,32172518,Posted: 4 June,all,Beaucephalis,"This is an extremely entertaining game. Not having come from the wargame series though Steel Division has a steep learning curve. This is definitely not rock, paper, scissors. It takes time to master the flow of the game and patience to learn.  That first victory over very easy then leads you to move from student to master as you get throught the levels. The campaign helps you to understand the multiplayer part of the game and the individual divisions feel different enough to keep freshness with this game. Not to mention the minor historical touches which thrill - look up Leo Major what a guy!Spend enough time on this game and soon you will be pushing, parachuting and blitzkrieging all the way to victory. The pacing of the game is great and really reflects your knowledge of the game. i started at bullet speed then moved up into very slow and slow which is where i am now. No doubt soon i will feel comfortable and normal. You will too!"
,Recommended,572410,32627093,Posted: 21 June,all,nilloc93,"my beta release review was negative but the game has come along quite well as of full release any fan of the wargame series will enjoy thisthere are a few reality bending moments that will seriously annoy wargame players such as how quickly infantry get pinned down (thats ""panicked"" for WG) or that even the heaviest of tanks can be forced to retreat because of heavy barrage by ANY weapon that uses explosives (even 20mm)Aside from that the range of battlegroups for allies/germans makes for generally balanced gameplay and the controls are highly intuitive along with additions like pre deployment orders."
,Not Recommended,572410,32968599,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr. Mane,"So im not writing this review on the game itself, but more because the workshop doesnt bloody work. at all, any mod. i install it, and it doesnt lauch, i unsub from the mod, and it works fine. if someone knows a fix for this, please help me out, and id take down this review. but i seriously got this for the workshop feature, and if that doesnt work, i might as well refund. i played the other wargames, and they are all great, i just wanted this for the workshop."
,Recommended,572410,34191040,Posted: 12 August,all,Lipton,"Steel Division has a good mix of simulation and arcade gameplay.There are a lot of diffrent ground and air units and the realism is not to bad.If you like stategy games you should get this game, its good and fun to play.Though there are quite some small annoying details like tanks missing on close range and close combat is quite hard.The game improved quite a bit after a few patches, the only thing i worry about at the moment is that the online community seems to be quite dead already."
76561197969756339,Recommended,572410,31629861,Posted: 8 May,all,ChickyChan,"Very good game, realistic epic realtime strategy matches. Like expected awesome game."
76561198169884097,Recommended,572410,32431965,Posted: 15 June,all,Dugan001,"so over people saying this game is dead, shut up ffs, this game is the only realistic ww2 game out, unless you know what youre talkin about shut up, this game is the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,572410,30972282,Posted: 5 April,all,Radioshow,"It's better than wargame, what more needs to be said?"
,Recommended,572410,33067493,Posted: 30 June,all,Hanabi Yasuraoka (Alex),"Like the game, it almost reminds me of Men of War, or RUSE. And finally a game that allows players to used aircraft,  and land units at the same time. One thing that is lacking is naval, but overall the game is easy if you plan ahead of time. I would recomend people who like World Word Two games like Company of Heroes, Men of War, or Heart of Iron Series."
76561198131010298,Not Recommended,572410,33416808,Posted: 9 July,all,Matthäus,"I alt tab i crash, i change settings i crash, i play multiplayer join a game and crash. never happened to me when it was in beta i have no idea what the hell is going on."
76561197978291143,Recommended,572410,31635192,Posted: 8 May,all,Lewz0r,"First time playing the series, very fun. Reminds me of the old Blitzkrieg games, but more logical and strategic.Great game so far!"
76561198106261222,Recommended,572410,32056213,Posted: 29 May,all,(Rex),Very fun just needs more divsisons then it will be truly awesome.
76561198256131140,Recommended,572410,32071831,Posted: 30 May,all,A-Train,"Absolutely beautiful RTS game based on World War 2. Accurate maps of the Normandy area based on real RAF recon photos from the period, and hundreds of units to choose from to repeat or even change history.Wonderfully made game that will give you hours of fun. It will take time to get set up initially - as you'll have to build a ""Deck"" of units and learn their strengths and capabilities during the process. But once done you'll be able to jump into a single-player (with multiple computer-controlled allies/foes ) or multi-player game.I've been waiting for a really good RTS for a LONG time, and Steel Division: Normandy 44 does NOT disappoint!"
,Recommended,572410,32120167,Posted: 1 June,all,Mike Alpha Delta,It's a WW2 Wargame that's actually playable and not filled to the brim with cheesy tactics and silliness
,Recommended,572410,33398658,Posted: 9 July,all,Leafhood,"Best game from this developer thus far, with good controls / AI / interface / mechanics. Not the easiest game to learn, but very rewarding.Multiplayer has some issues, but skirmishes are excellent and it's not like MP is broken. A good game to play with a friend."
76561198008771415,Recommended,572410,31512847,Posted: 2 May,all,The Restless Kaiser,"The latest offering from Eugen systems very much takes off where Wargame Red Dragon left off.  Offering huge improvements on the previous game all wrapped in a highly desireable WW2 setting.Where this title differs from most is in the scale.  It is neither a skirmish, nor a grand strategy.  It is a truly operational level game where each player fields what probably amounts to a battalion sized battlegroup during the course of any battle.  With such large maps to fight over infantry transport becomes a serious issue and mobility has a real use and aircraft take time to reach target allowing for patrol aircraft time to intercept.There are a lot of revierws out there for those who want to drill deep - but to mention a few key ones as a development from wargame RD I would say the inclusion of crewed weapon teams, something sadly missing from previous iterations, and the dynamic frontline system.A fantastic game - 5/5"
76561198014712488,Not Recommended,572410,32022047,Posted: 28 May,all,osullivanar,"It's not as good as it should be. It feels a lot more clumsy than Red Dragon, with less control and the difficulty not properly balanced. The Germans just come in waves with no real tactics. Maybe with some improvements to the AI and I'll give it a go again, but so far it's money wasted."
76561198003030375,Recommended,572410,32124400,Posted: 2 June,all,The_Cpt_FROGGY,"Steel Division: Normandy 44:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~On the 6th of June 1944 operation Overlord was launched. The biggest fleet of vessels the world has ever seen (6,939 ships) come together in the English Channel (La Manche, in French). What an amazing and frightening sight it would have been to see as a German soldier!  I guess it would have been the same feeling for the British and American soldiers rolling towards the beaches on their landing crafts. But today it’s D-Day, and you are the one who will command your troops for both Axis and Allied in Steel Division: Normandy 44. Good luck, Commander!Steel Division: Normandy 44 is a real time strategy game where you take command of the Allied and Axis in the campaign mode or play against up to 4 vs 4 in the multiplayer mode.But first to understand how the game works, it is preferable to play the boot camp missions (eight in total) which will give you the basic knowledge of the game. From here, you can choose to play the campaign, skirmish or the multiplayer mode.The campaign mode is set in three sections where you play four missions in command of the American army, four missions with the German army and four missions with the British army.  In the multiplayer game, you can select between two modes of play, which are destructive or conquest, on fourteen different map selections.As you launch a mission in single player, you’ll see a black and white cut-scene from the events which took place in 1944. Then you‘ll be briefed on your objectives. After that, it’s time to select your battlegroup before entering the battlefield. The battlegroup is where you select your units. Each unit card will cost an activation point and the activation points will vary between missions. Let’s say a mission allows you to have twenty activation points (which means you can choose twenty cards between all the following units: Recon, Support, Infantry, Tank, Anti-tank, Artillery and Air); each card has its own specific identifications - the number in green will tell you how many times you can call this unit on the battlefield (if the number is four, you can call this unit four times during the mission). However, it will cost you field points (yellow number on the card) to do so each time you deploy one. You also have the letters A, B and C on these cards which tell you on which phase of the mission you can deploy them. This can be tricky!Then you’re right in the middle of it, either fighting the Krauts or defending the Fatherland! The maps are pretty big, I must say, and the speed of the game is extremely well-balanced. I feel it is very important to be able to see what is happening around the map and to be able to react to your opponent’s moves. A red overlay will tell you the enemy is occupying the territory. As you fight and gain ground, you’ll be awarded field points every sixty seconds. By occupying more territory than your enemy, you’ll receive more field points and therefore can call on more units. All single missions are time-based, that’s where the phase aspect comes into play. You might have twenty minutes to reach objective one and another twenty minutes to repel a counter-offensive (that would be your phase A and phase B).The AI is very good and challenging but will not change its tactic in replay, which is good and bad. Eventually you’ll find out how to beat the AI and move to the next mission, however it will take you time. On the negative side, it does not give you much replay-ability after beating the level. That’s why you have a multiplayer mode, which will give you plenty of unforeseen battles.I really like the graphics; you can zoom in to your units and see them moving around or zoom out to oversee the battlefield.Positives:~~~~~~~-	Great graphics-	Single and multiplayer mode-	Large maps-	Historical cut-scenes-	Accurate units-	Achievement and trading cardsNegatives:~~~~~~~~-	Can be frustrating at timesThis is a very good real time strategy game. Well-presented and well-executed.8/10Key provided by developer/publisher for review purposes. Any opinions expressed are entirely my own!EPIC “THE CPT FROGGY” REVIEWS UP NOW ON ZEEPOND, THE HOME OF THE ALMIGHTY FROG!FOLLOW THE CPT FROGGY CURATOR PAGE HERE"
76561197992595192,Not Recommended,572410,32009826,Posted: 27 May,all,SethP2343,"There is nothing about this game that distinguishes it from Wargame series. The comparisons to CoH are pretty much wrong. This game feels like a re-skinned version of Wargame with no real new added features and, suprisingly, worse graphics."
76561198061669382,Not Recommended,572410,32758616,Posted: 24 June,all,mr.pulp,"so this maybe early for a reveiew. However i just got so tired of this game and how simple its combat gets just a few minutes in, i had thought that it would be more complex and careful but i realized that tanks are huge targets that proved very ineffective for a seige or defence as infanty just blow them up with ease and it gets worse when it comes artillary, as in simple terms its all about supply and spam and i've found that it's only about having more artillary then man power. But when it does come to infantry combat it just frustraits for the fact that you'd constantly have to move your troops out of gunfire and or artillary so engageing a machine gun with 6 divisions end up in failure as all are mowed down by one machine gun though i would expect moving through feilds would provide some cover but the enemy sees right through it, also smoke is't the greatest support. more then anything, just spam artillary and mave every troop hide in a bush and never use tanks unless you just want to hold down a position for a temporay amount of time. But i must credit the game for its ability to show the strength of infantry and having air supirority. all in all, the game honestly can be compared to moblie games such as mobile strike and clash of clans in a way for its use of assets and how basic the attacking is.(you just read a garbage review)"
,Recommended,572410,31983298,Posted: 26 May,all,Scorch,"An elegant melding of the mechanics and themes of Wargame and Company of Heroes.  If you liked either of these games, you will likely enjoy this game as well."
,Recommended,572410,32100148,Posted: 31 May,all,Redcoat,"An addictive strategy game that requires thought out planning and well timed execution. The campaigns are decent enough but the game shines in skirmish and multiplayer through the use of the frontline territory system. Think of the game as a cross between Wargame and Company of Heroes. You have to play like a general in 1944 with 18 (at the time of release) historical divisions, each with their own background. The game is well balanced as of right now, so if you are interested in a realistic, strategic war game where you have to think and plan ahea, this is the game for you."
76561197963975094,Recommended,572410,32470914,Posted: 16 June,all,Druvan,"Fun and hard game in World War II-setting. The thing I love about this game is how challenging it is, even in single player."
76561198035245455,Not Recommended,572410,32876374,Posted: 27 June,all,Motherfucker,"In an effort to stop pubstombing and help new players get into the game, Eugen in their infinite wisdom (HonHonHonHonHon) removed view stats in lobby, so no one can detect pubstompers by checking stats anymore. Even if they don't intend to pubstomp, knowing your teammate is a great advantage (at least knowing he's not an idiot), so unless you play with a friend you need to take a chance that your teammate is not a noob. And noob games like in Red Dragon are definitely killed because the host can't tell distinguish noobs and good players.Other than that, it's basically wargame with arty spam amplified. Everything is slower and arty does more moral damage, have fun trying to attack and then get pinned down by 1 single MLRS"
76561198052830821,Recommended,572410,33164319,Posted: 2 July,all,Spazzle,Like: Good RTS mechanism. Accurate details of weapons and vehicles.Dislike: flamethrowers are just OP.
,Recommended,572410,31465687,Posted: 30 April,all,Schooniatrope,"Great game, may take a little while to get the hang of but very rewarding if you do."
76561198019417237,Recommended,572410,32229544,Posted: 6 June,all,Hauggy,This game is the stuff of legend!Worth every cent!
76561198068620673,Not Recommended,572410,32772013,Posted: 25 June,all,Bernard Montgomery,Its a good game but the £35 isn't worth it.
76561198004452709,Recommended,572410,32781057,Posted: 25 June,all,DJFeather,"There are 12 campain missions - 4 per difficulty (normal, hard, & very hard)Coming from someone who hasn't played rts in years I felt 'normal' was a bit too easy. I did do the tutorials (which are good) so that helped. Nevertheless, I didn't feel that my decsions really mattered in the first 4 missions - anything I did worked, and won each one first try.Hard and very hard are more challenging - there is a bullet time mode which slows the game to an almost paused state so if the action is very busy then you do have a chance to see what's going on.Good replay value with the skirmish mode or min/maxing the campains.No experience with multiplayer so no comment on that"
76561198092187812,Recommended,572410,32814668,Posted: 26 June,all,Errand86,great game! I hope they add more Solo campaign missions.
,Recommended,572410,33866071,Posted: 28 July,all,YannickJ,A great game but I wish it had more singleplayer content as I am not interested in Multiplayer.Wishlist:- More campaign missions.- Difficulty selection for Singleplayer (currently it can be pretty rough; even on the first allied missions which are supposed to be easier)- Different modes aside from pushing the frontline. (which is a fun mechanic but kinda limiting)- Maps are all kind of samey (which is to be expected since it's all focused on Normandy I guess) so a bit more variation would be nice.
76561198006987202,Recommended,572410,31695602,Posted: 11 May,all,corallis,Great fun
76561198122595741,Recommended,572410,31780437,Posted: 15 May,all,[Pvt] W. Heinberg [PTF],"This game was exactly what I wanted after Wargame: Red Dragon a ww2 wargame, the best part it that there is no health for vehicles if it can pen then it dies."
76561197974517652,Recommended,572410,31903652,Posted: 22 May,all,40_Onyx???,"Paradox tired of its niche status and wants to be major publisher specializing in strategies. All kind of strategies. They started with the powerful collaboration and then continue with destroying region prices on their games, like most of the big boys do. Yeah, let's make it about politics. It’s not like bullying the way through their loyal community is the new tactic for Paradox. Crazy DLC politic is the great example. But what’s more important is what let them do anything they want and it’s their card of uniqueness. You won’t find any alternatives to paradox games.  But you won’t find anything like Eugene’s  game either, that’s why SD might be so important to paradox.Eugene delivered solid gameplay with an uncanny similarity to their Wargame Series. The main feature is the frontline which moves with the units. Neat idea on the surface turns out to be more of a gimmick. Even so, Eugene says that’s the main part of gameplay, in the end, it didn’t really change it, but make it more noob-friendly. And this is the main theme of SD. Wargame series are well known for its total unfriendliness toward new players, the game doesn’t have a proper tutorial, it got 2000+ units you better learn (how they perform and even looks).  So they decide to cut the corners. Now we got 400 units, fewer stats for each unit, ""autodeckcreator"", we lost few tactics; like helicopter rush (no one would miss it, but still helicopters gave more tactical choices), we cannot get around and strike opponent to the back (because frontline shows there we got units, except recon infantry). Tactical choices reduced to constant push-build defense line-push/retreat.  Maps became wider and units became sooo much slower, which is make sense but still might be frustrating. People who wished the infantry would be the kings of the Steal division (spoiler alert it doesn’t) would find themselves disappointed. Roles didn’t switch, dynamic didn’t change drastically, artillery became more powerful than ever. Even new stress system feels just like a light touch.Paradox is… that game is still semi-realistic and really complex for the newcomers, while wargame veterans will get “less of the same”. I think I appreciate the gentle approach, no one want’s to learn everything from the scratch, but at the same time, I can’t find anything that justifies the transfer from Red Dragon to Steel Division. Surprisingly enough SD doesn’t look as good as you might expect, models look shabbier than their brothers from Wargame DLCs. But animation became smoother; infantry doesn’t slide through the hills like they used to do.  Anyway, I doubt you would notice it during the game, cause all you need to see is pictograms of your units on the whole wide map.  The best new thing is the circle which allows you see how much vision each point on the map will give to you units, that’s what Red Dragon surely missed.Steal division doesn’t feel like a step back, more like “confident mudding-through”."
76561198033065987,Recommended,572410,32129296,Posted: 2 June,all,Konfuchie,"Fantastic game for any strategy fan.I didn't play Wargame but I adapted quite quickly and started winning 1v1 matches in just a couple of days after some research.The pace is slow, so you have time to react but, there is so much stuff happening that multitasking and bigger APM is not an advantage thrown out the window.Not just PvP is fun but medium AI is tough, and takes a lot of adapting to counter.Maps are well deigned and they have sufficient variety for a new game.Strategic depth of a challenges facing '40s military when advancing/defending are represented in decently realistic way even when confined in a simplified game universe.There is much fun tinkering to be spent around making your battlegroups work, and 18 historical divisions is offers great variety and makes you feel nothing is held up to be hidden behind DLC paywal.The card system of making composition of your battlegroups unique, as well as phase system giving you different income during 3 phases of a battle pretty much unique to every battlegroup.In the end balance is very good, with no glaring issues, and meta is constantly shifting.Developers are closely monitoring communities response, and we can expect any issues to be ironed out, even tho it seems there is nothing spoiling the fun at the moment.In the end balance is very good, with no glaring issues with a good chance that meta will not be too stale.Well worth 40$ asking price!"
,Recommended,572410,33081823,Posted: 1 July,all,Daikyu,"Steel Division: Normany 44SD:N44 is exactly that niche I've been looking for...The mix between MoW:AS2, previous wargaming content, controls and layout a Total War diehard will feel right at home with...8.5/10"
76561198007288060,Recommended,572410,33210510,Posted: 3 July,all,Kaziglu Bey,"I haven't played the regular online multiplayer much yet; but can already tell anyone that is interested in mostly skirmishing against the AI, which can also be done with friends through the online system, that there is lots to be had in this game. I was also glad to see that once you get into the game itself, there's really nothing to remind you of the fact that the Normandy theatre is the most overplayed part of WW2 in games. That fact just doesn't matter when the game is on. The maps that often sport the bocage country simply makes it possible to play with a different mix of units, whereas if the maps had been dominated by open fields then armor would be the answer to most any situation.With the system of many different divisions to pick from there is more variety than one might expect from an allies vs germany setup. I suspected that I would immediately be missing the soviet side in a WW2 strategy game, but that was not the case. There's plenty to sink into just getting acquanted with the available divisions on one of the two sides.Seeing as I've had 120 hours of fun already when writing this I can only highly recommend it."
76561198052864847,Recommended,572410,31542501,Posted: 4 May,all,NOMAD,A solid WWII realtime strategy.
,Recommended,572410,33857502,Posted: 28 July,all,Behrans,"great game for ww2 geeks, waiting for eastern front, north africa and pasific add ons, cost doesnt matter, i want to see every theatre of war with this gameplay"
76561197970846699,Recommended,572410,33970476,Posted: 2 August,all,Zoring,"This game is the best online strategy game on the market. That's a fact. The problem is, it's hard as a lonley prison inmate in a soapy shower. If you can get over the learning curve and the good players then you will never be as satisfied with a hard fought win then you will with any other game.Tough but rewarding, stick with it, give it a fair chance and you'll be happy you did."
76561197974214768,Recommended,572410,34764159,Posted: 5 September,all,JecTTon,Love it
76561197992078088,Recommended,572410,34784341,Posted: 6 September,all,Artillery Horse,"It's a good game,  makes ""war game"" look dumb.  Buy it and have fun."
76561198036593220,Recommended,572410,34888138,Posted: 11 September,all,Marcus Decius Taurus,"I've played a lot of the wargame series which preceded this title, and I always felt that there were too many hard counters which did not work the way that I thought they should after arriving in battle five minutes after I needed them.  This game has corrected those issues without losing much in terms of big maps or unit diversity.  Probably the best historical rts I've played in a while."
76561198054678192,Not Recommended,572410,34300788,Posted: 16 August,all,Schmell My Gadget,"So far it seems that you will either love it or hate it, I for one thought it was fun for a minute but got bored of it."
76561198118953774,Not Recommended,572410,34402533,Posted: 21 August,all,SQWOWD,Not as good as what i had hoped.
76561197991441800,Recommended,572410,31094145,Posted: 12 April,all,Quintus_Petillius,"There were some negative reviews... mostly for the bugs or the sounds. First off its a beta and despite that the sounds dont really bother me that much. If they are improved that is only for the better. Secondly, I encounted the loading screen pause. The game refused to load past the loading screen after autoselecting graphic settings. But I downloaded the patch and it worked. First match was pretty fun... its a great game and worth it."
,Recommended,572410,34773577,Posted: 6 September,all,DNA Maniac,Absolutely the best ww2 game of this time.
,Recommended,572410,34719117,Posted: 3 September,all,T3trahydr0,"Aside fromt he tutorial, the only reason I want to play this game is or multiplayer.  I havent played campaigns because thats nbot the kind of game I want to play.  So if you like single player campaigns it may be fun withought as much boredom I have waiting for a public match on official servers to happenThe game is pretty fun, 30 minute round RTS with some management. Not enough people play multiplayer, it takes forever to find a public match on the games servers, and when you do usually a teamate or two drop out instantly.Basicllly, Every dislike I have for the game boils down to not enoug people play multiplayer.This game needs a ~50% off sale for a couple weeks to attract more players."
76561198027909714,Recommended,572410,34821971,Posted: 8 September,all,Aesopian,"Ive long enjoyed ww2 strategy games since i was a kid. Sudden strike, close combat etc. This game lives up to those games and im sure with time and more dlc it can become even better. Be warned a lot of strategy goes into it but i love this type of game. If you are a fan of ww2 games give it a go."
76561198100344288,Not Recommended,572410,34113437,Posted: 8 August,all,Great Dirhombicosidodecahedron,"I really hoped this game would be good as a fan of Wargame, but so far it has been a chore to play. Two of my favorite game developers get together to make a WWII rts game like Wargame, but I knew this game was to good to be true though, as it is a watered down simple version of wargame that fails to deliver a fun experience for longer than a few hours. The mechaniccs are really poor and dont work, like the front lines which are dysfuncional, and shouts too balenced and arcade- like gameplay. The voice acting is dogshit, it sounds like every clichéd movie and video game line, not to mention a load of references to Fury, Saving Private Ryan and Band of Brothers. Wait to get this game, not now, hopefully they'll their broken game."
76561198109380639,Recommended,572410,35082610,Posted: 20 September,all,Sam Hamwitch,"I don't understand all the negative reviews recently. The game is great. The divisions are varied and interesting, yes the campaign is maybe a little lacklustre but the skirmish mode is really good with fantastic AI, and multiplayer is good too. Yes there are some things that could be improved but overall it's a fantastic game."
76561198192087833,Recommended,572410,34264923,Posted: 15 August,all,tupac,"In depth game with great genuinley strategic gameplay. Once you learn the mechanics of Steel division, its brilliant and one of the most enjoyable RTS games that I have ever played."
,Recommended,572410,35436756,Posted: 2 October,all,Apfel [CoN],great game. worth the price. the mordern COH...
,Not Recommended,572410,35496815,Posted: 5 October,all,tact,"I liked Wargame: Airland Battle, I liked the subsequent ones less and less. I played this for a few rounds and returned it."
76561197993063178,Recommended,572410,34869133,Posted: 10 September,all,Suplemus,"This is a niche game, but if you like the style, you will love. I play wargames on board and love Steel Division because it enables more deepth and accelerates the game (1 hr for SD vs a least 3 for a board WG). Multiplayer is quite punishing though. I actually play with close friends and relatives that I have managed to convinced to buy the game."
76561198040492303,Recommended,572410,35112064,Posted: 21 September,all,CHARLEMAGNE,This Game is Amazing.. 6 Months in and I cant get enough. Looking forward to many DLC. 5 out 5 .
,Recommended,572410,35139367,Posted: 22 September,all,Swallowsalon is best,need more division!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,572410,35494477,Posted: 5 October,all,Phatboy,"I loved Eugen's previous games, but this one is frustration incarnate. Too many units to control at once, on huge & boring maps. The reviews/strategy guides that recommend playing on turtle speed... says it all. Unless you're a Starcraft pro or a supercomputer I suggest giving this one a miss.DLC straight after release was disappointing for a full price game, too."
76561198004464645,Not Recommended,572410,32469960,Posted: 16 June,all,Stoffen,"With an extremely hard learning curve this game is for diehards.There is no inutive way to understand what units are a rock, which are paper and which are scissors.This despite the game very much playing this way. In example - AA unit does not actually shoot down planes.This means you are often as a new player, finding yourself losing engagements without knowing why.A fractured playerbase split between ""custom games"" and ""quickmatch/ranked"" further does the game a disservice.There is no way to veto maps, which in turn means that games are often decided before place any units based on your division choice.The internal balance between playable divisions, especially in 1v1, is attrocious.The game revolves around airpower, assault infantry armed with flamethrowers or grenades.Medium tanks are never worth their points as the game mechanics doesnt make them usefull against infantry.Further, the stress impact induced by non-AT weaponry on AFV's means that tanks often find themselves missing or being forced retreated by mortars and other support weaponry.Allied light tanks are outclassed by 20mm cannon Armoured cars, which means in many matches an allied player will find half his starting force destroyed by 4x armored cars.Although patches have been introduced to reduce the extremeties of certain support weapons, the core gameplay mechaincs remian uninteresting due to extremely lackluster balancing between divisions.This game should never be bought with competetive play in mind.It is reasonably enjoyable to play the game with friends as the balance becomes much better. The game units are greatly modelled and the scenery looks great, with the maps paying amazing attention to detail.The game has all the components to be a great, however extremely poor user interface design and game mechanic design betrays it dramatically.I would recommend Company of Heroes 2 for anyone looking for a better, more competetive strategy game in the same historical setting."
,Not Recommended,572410,32168375,Posted: 3 June,all,wuffles,"BLUF:-Unbalanced game-Great game otherwisePresently I can't say this game is worth the money.  It has a great interface, control methods and is quite smooth even when playing in 10 v 10.  The problem with this game is balance.  If you play as Axis right now, you will win most of the time.  If you play as Allies then you get to play as a mild challenge to the enemy.This balance issue isn't prevalent initally during the game, it comes out later when the battle is in 'B' and 'C' phases.  During that time your Axis side will deploy....-Tigers: In a variety of forms and variants that will easily destroy any vehicle the Allies can muster and brush off any offensive action like a fat kid brushing off potato chip crumbs from their shirt.-Artillery: Not just any artillery, but artillery that will kill your artillery from 3 zip codes away, which your artillery can't match.  So then you wonder, why not just use planes to destroy that artillery...-AA: Axis deployes amazing AA like 88's that can destroy planes in the sky and then destroy your tanks.  Try to reconcile that fact as your AA is a half track with a 50.  Don't worry though your AA will likely just be destroyed by their...-Planes: 109's/FW190's/JU88s, these will haunt your dreams as your fledgling AA attempts to shoo them away.The balance problems are so bad that servers will quickly fill up with Axis only and then embarrassingly Allied players will come, but normally quit back to the server browser when they see the Axis side is full already.Thankfully this is just a rebalancing issue and hopefully I'll be able to change my recommendation soon."
76561197970684592,Not Recommended,572410,32627669,Posted: 21 June,all,Qrozz,"If you wanna play a great wargame, go play wargame. Simple.Wargame has way more units and loadout options.This game is so unbalanced, the allies usually gets cheaper and weaker units, but they dont get more units.And the campaign is just crap. First mission was really ♥♥♥♥♥♥, second mission was even worse.It's got nothing to do with strategy, or playing the units right. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing coin toss."
76561197981081129,Not Recommended,572410,32428719,Posted: 15 June,all,bollkalle,"Bug ridden game with potential. Ridiculous amount of bugs that makes this game unplayable. Not finished by far. Will request refund since im fed up with crashes and needing to restart matches from days or hours ago. 1080 ti, 32 gb ram, i7 cpu (six gen), dual ssd raid 1 gives this:- crashes in game when many things/units are active- crashes when saving/loading games- crashes when changing graphics options- crashes on all graphcis settings- crashes when ""auto-recovery"" systems run after crashes- save games become corrupt all the time- auto updates to game seem to break save compatiblity (jikes!)- later games (in campaign) crashes more than early- sound is broken badlyetc+ god units even though some things are slightly unbalanced+ fun strategy stuff"
,Recommended,572410,30975665,Posted: 6 April,all,ian. Dao,RUSHED 5 STUARTS UP A ROAD INTO ENEMY SO I CAN HIT THEM WITH MY SWORDHIS INFANTRY SURRENDERED10/10 WILL HIT WITH SWORD AGAIN
76561197996832469,Recommended,572410,31944291,Posted: 24 May,all,Fat Mike,"Company of Heroes & Total War had a baby.  They named her Normandy.She's so cute and fun, and she hasn't thrown up on me once. <3"
76561198095638525,Not Recommended,572410,33067172,Posted: 30 June,all,fireball__4,"this game was sold as being historicly acurrate. it didnt even try. D-Day is one of if not the most recorded battles. they claimed to use picturs taken at the time (there are a TON of them). they boasted that the teaming up with paradox would help them with it bc it is a wwii game. it is a game with a poor wwii skin. saying a game takes place in history and saying its going to be done right is too often just a way to make something a money grab. if you say its a wwii game you have to put in the work to say it. not just bank on the skin you put on it. by saying you are making a game based in history you are making history buffs your target audience. so what you realy do when you just claim history like this is just claiming a cash grab. also if you make a game in history and your balance is a point cost dont change the stats of real at guns and tanks. for example the hs 129 was extremely hard to shoot down but in the game it has the lowest hp a plane can have. by doing that you take one more step into proving its just a rts with a skin, and as stated a very poor skin. ive seen modders make 3d models better than this and they dont even get paid.the most egregious is that out of all of normandy there are two buildings that stand out and they sit right next to oneanother. one isPegasus bridge and Cafe Gondreeboth of which were very important on D-Day. the cafe is compleatlymissing. its not even on the map.another flaw is that the tiger ii P is missing its sinature commander's tube. right now its just a modded H turm (which is funny bc the H came after the P). the tank commanders for the germans are all in green which is compleatly wrong. if you say the stug crew wore green, thats true. but only bc the stug was considered artillerie which wore green with red piping (again funny bc the green in the game has pink which should be on the panzer blacks).also -1  for the gaming community support for when ever a game is based poorly in a real era. a response is often ""and you could do better?"" with everything i listed (and trust me ive got a lot, lot, more) yes. or ""they can only pay for so much"" thats the point you cant just make free money. if you want the extra being a wwii game will bring, do it right.ps. even with censorship in the new CoD game it looks more correct than this and i dont even like CoD games. so if CoD beats you in authenticity you have failed to the fullest anyone could haveforeseenthought possible."
,Recommended,572410,33908973,Posted: 30 July,all,Mi-28 Havoc,make me think of R.U.S.E if people still rember that game
,Recommended,572410,31819183,Posted: 18 May,all,tamag0chi,Best RTS in the last 10 years :D
76561198088770518,Not Recommended,572410,34841279,Posted: 9 September,all,Charizard.,The game is fine. But not enough players in MP.Dont waste 40$. wait for a good discount as I do.
76561198010936126,Not Recommended,572410,33237892,Posted: 4 July,all,BlackDog1247,"I can't play the game, it crashes for me. Reason being is my resolution is too high, and I can't change it. Everytime I attempt to change the resolution it crashes the game. I only get 5 minutes into a match before the game crashes. I have a GTX1070L so it can handle the game. The game can't handle the PC I guess...I've read about fixes and attempted them, however this error they have had has been ongoing with others too and hasn't been fixed."
,Recommended,572410,31623834,Posted: 8 May,all,bottle,a bit of quality of life improvements like giving orders during deployment and line of sight toolit's comfortable to play
76561198009586772,Not Recommended,572410,32143525,Posted: 2 June,all,Moforkus,"Still deciding how i feel about this game.Positives: great atmosphere, i like the phased battles and the fact i can slow the game to bullet time for when things get hectic. Lots of unit choice, enemy AI seems intelligent, sounds are good but voices for units are lame. Having to resupply units on the front for too long makes sense (i.e. you would run out of bullets for your MG if you were holding a position for awhile).Negatives: i can't shoot a unit bc i ""don't have line of sight"" yet it can shoot me?...shouldn't that work both ways when we are out in the open FFS? sometimes my units will just stand there and get shot...and i have to tell them to fight back which is kind of weird. Air units are just weird..they don't respond quickly and there is no real timer so you know how long they are going to fly around (i think there is a fuel gauge or something, still trying to figure that part out). Line of sight is just weird...i can go into the treeline and i can see enemies (i.e with my scouts) but i ""don't have line of sight so i  can't shoot them...(bc i am in bushes) but enemy can see me somehow, even in the bushes, AND they can shoot me too...(your units won't move on their own either, to get to a position where they can shoot..they just hang out and die) from fire they can't respond back to.Some of this may just be me..needing to learn more about the game. so far it's fun...will update after i get some more hours under my belt."
76561198072222806,Recommended,572410,33958013,Posted: 1 August,all,Hurin,"Really fun game, I hope more content comes out soon!"
,Recommended,572410,30969930,Posted: 5 April,all,AFarCryAway,"*This review is of the beta build*Steel Division: Normandy 44 is a great spin off of the Wargame series! The game has the same back and forth attack/defend gameplay Wargame fans know and love. But now the emphasis is on precise unit placement and preparation. In order to suceed in Steel Division, you need to have a keen knowledge of the battlefield surroundings as well as the positioning of your units within that environment. Lines of sight for AT guns, building positions of infantry, and tank formations win games!There are a few problems I have with this game however. One is that there seems to be a bug when playing against the AI on total destruction where the AI will not send out their remain 1% of units (game will stalemate if no timer is set meaning you cannot win). There also seems to be a few balancing issues that could easily be tweaked for launch. None of this stuff ruins Steel Division for me, and I know Eugen will fix any bugs in the near future.Things are a bit slim content wise currently as we are in the beta stage. There is no campaign, only 2 maps for skirmish solo against AIso, and the multiplayer is limited to 2 game modes on those two maps. More content should release as the May launch date approaches!TLDR: Should you buy this game? Yes, but you might wish to consider waiting for launch as the content is bare bones. However, the combat engaments alone make this worth the 39.99 USD asking price!"
,Recommended,572410,30969681,Posted: 5 April,all,Asterosaur,"Best WW2 strategy game this far. Smooth, fluent, full of dynamic gameplay and very punishing for dumb moves."
76561198196212562,Recommended,572410,31661068,Posted: 10 May,all,Too Fresh,"This game is great when playing with friends or with people who know what thier doing, i feel the lack of a level system in the beta pisses a great deal of people off not being able to tell if the players you are facing are good or youre teammates being complete garbage, like me nad my friend played 4 matchs of 4v4 and we only won 1 time out of them me and him was doing great, then we looked over at of teammates and they have everything just piled up and ready to be kill with rocket arty or just mortars. THE BETA NEEDS A LEVEL SYSTEM TO TELL THE GOOD AND BAD PLAYERS APART!"
,Not Recommended,572410,32129950,Posted: 2 June,all,zebasxx,When I play it I have the same feeling that I have when playing Man of War. I end up playing in very slow speed all the time. You need to do too much micromanagement so it is a kind of stupid game. I dont like it.
76561198011750823,Recommended,572410,31575734,Posted: 6 May,all,[RO] Voxxy,Very very good tactical ww2 strategy game.
,Recommended,572410,32407212,Posted: 14 June,all,Omicron,"Nice! Child of love between Eugin and Paradox with relict CoH notes- nice historical back, balanced, dynamic.Highly recommended.9/10"
76561197982272939,Recommended,572410,32300911,Posted: 9 June,all,Siao Angmoh 1,"My father lives overseas (20 hours by flight), and loved Hearts of Iron.  I managed to get him into wargame a while back but when this game came out it was a great way to hangout with him.  We play weekly now, and its awesome I get to ""see my dad"" all the time now!  Thanks SD 44, its an awesome way to hang out with my dad"
,Recommended,572410,31840320,Posted: 19 May,all,aceb20,It's great
76561197963664525,Recommended,572410,32052772,Posted: 29 May,all,Terkala,Possibly the best game in the Wargame genre of games.
,Recommended,572410,32743783,Posted: 24 June,all,Batman,"Just wanna start off by saying this game is just like the wargames, except in world war 2.I have played Wargame: Airland Battle and I thought it was cool but i didnt play it much mostly because it has a STEEP learning curve.But anyways this game is FANTASTIC, but I must warn you the learning curve is STEEP, I played the boot camp and I thought ""oh this seems pretty easy I can do this"". I had to restart the first campaign mission 5 times because I kept losing.Im not a total noob when it comes to strategy games, Company of heroes was one of my first, i've branched off into many others, examples including the total war games, hearts of iron IV, etc...But none of those are as anywhere near hard to pickup other than this game. This game is VERY difficult, it does put you into the mind set of complete strategy. you have to think quickly and effectivly or else you'll be over run and annihilated.This game isnt for the faint of heart, but rest assured if you take the time to learn the mechanics and how to utilize your units effectivly. You'll be a master in no timeWith that all being said I reccomend this strategy game if you're up for a real challenge!!!"
76561197988572700,Recommended,572410,34256897,Posted: 15 August,all,Mael Radec,"Most of the negative reviews are from butthurt Wargame players trying to preserve their playerbase. That line isn't as obvious so don't listen to them. And it is better than the ""Capture zones"" wargame.It is a really good RTS, the learning curb isn't that steep if you have some common sense. But you will get your♥♥♥♥♥(donkey) kicked to begin with. But then you'll start kicking some, as it is with all games."
76561198010206746,Recommended,572410,31979634,Posted: 26 May,all,PanjAm,"Very good RTS game, You dont need much apm to play and be competivive. This game is about tactics and teamwork. The 18 divisions are nice, each with its unique flavor units. This game is a well done improvement from other games Eugen has made such as the Wargame sereis."
76561198032078868,Recommended,572410,35110749,Posted: 21 September,all,Sam Evans,"Good ""Wargame"" game and an even better WW2 game."
76561198087189573,Recommended,572410,33833409,Posted: 27 July,all,Dave Zed,"After the first 50-60 battles lost against basic AI I finally worked out that you have to use tactics. This isn't Age of Empires, C&C or even Company of Heroes. Nor is it Axis and Allies, Arsenal of Democracy or  Civilisation. It's very in depth and you won't get it straight away but when you do it becomes the best WW2 command sim around.  You get a deck of cards you pre-build and then deploy those on the field where you micro manage their positions and engagements, all of the time being aware of your objective; which isn't always to wipe out the enemy. Most of the time that objective gets you wiped out instead.The best apect will be the mods. I can see WH40k, Star Wars, Vietnam, Conquistadors, Cro-Magnons vs. Neanderthals even, the potential is really endless. I can't wait for this to expand into other genres and get a nice big playerbase for multiplayer.Buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198021623003,Not Recommended,572410,34204701,Posted: 12 August,all,The Red Toredor,"As an avid Wargame fan, I was very excited about this game. I was hoping for the next Wargame, but with a WW2 setting.Unfortunately, its not Wargame. Its a brave attempt to change the gameplay and try and introduce something new, but its a bit of a failure in mu opinion.The battlegroup approach does attempt to follow the historical units available to each battlegroup, but it falls short, as each group is usually hampered by a limitation that cannot be overcome by smart deckbuilding.  Its really frustrating, especially when Wargame was all about deckbuilding.Im sad to say I cannot reccomend this game. I was really hoping for this to be a winner, but its not. Please give us another Wargame -dont try an re-invent the wheel!"
76561198061754726,Not Recommended,572410,35230402,Posted: 26 September,all,viccatrix,"Bought this game on release after watching some lets plays on youtube, thinking it would be really fun. ♥♥♥♥ed up and played it for 4 hours trying to find anything redeeming, and couldnt get a refund.  Finally decided to come back and play it again, and its somehow even worse than before, so I come back to the steam page and see all these negetive reviews talking about the devs messing up the updates, and decided to join in. This game had alot of potential, but somehow it lost its way update to update."
76561198177056590,Not Recommended,572410,35213129,Posted: 25 September,all,mjohns20,"Very fun, literally no complaints about gameplay.  However, there is little to no replay value.  12 missions in 3 campaigns each mission takes about 40 minutes.  and multiplayer is the same stuff you see in the campaign."
,Not Recommended,572410,31479681,Posted: 30 April,all,fuck,"WARGAME PLAYERS BEWAREAs a veteran player of the Wargame series I got my hopes up thinking this would be a successor - it is not.If you enjoy the playstyle of Wargame, and are considering buying this game, don't... The playstyle is different, and at a much slower pace. There are no hitpoints or X = Y values, with RNG doing most of the heavy lifting in combat. You can trade shots with a tank, have hits and penetration but if the gods of RNG say no to scoring any damage, you can be killed on the first shot whilst an enemy tank absorbs 30.The sight / spotting system is supposed to be more realistic, though can be flustering at times, as tanks cannot engage through treelines, or even sit in them. It may get better in time, but as a Wargame player it's a no from me."
,Recommended,572410,31230313,Posted: 18 April,all,Gunslanger,yay
76561198059890033,Recommended,572410,31941336,Posted: 24 May,all,Armagh Sniper,Very good game with a positive community.
,Recommended,572410,32013337,Posted: 27 May,all,ROCKET871,"8/10. It will be 9.5/10 if some details are adjusted, and something are balenced. Overall it's a good game, though still not getting a good pace for it.As a Wargame fan, this game plays just like the European Escalation, it feels ...'soft' and not as 'hard' as RD and AB. Maybe I needs time to get used to its HUB and phase system.-Haven't try multiplayer game yet.-The boot camp gives new players a very friendly start.-Campaign is so challenging, spend a day and get stucked at the 2nd battle of British. It makes alot of fun.-The Campaign goes to a story telling mode just like EE, personally perfer the strategy map in AB and RG, which gives freedom and lots of fun. But they tell the story good, so doesn't matter much.-The phase system makes me feels bad while playing, still trying to get into it. Eugen had already released a phase free mod, check it out in mod center.-Mods added. Great.-AI in skirmish is much more better than RD.-I tried the simple Chinese language, and it's not good, seems just translated by Google or something. That's strange, cause in RG, they did the translation job almost perfectly. Though doesn't matter much to me, still expect to have a good translation.-These maps' terrain is stiff, don't have complex terrain like AB and RG do.  Personally very disappointed about it.-The frontline is a very good idea, but it'll act strange in Boundary and unit-less area. Maybe it needs adjustment.This game still needs to be adjust, believe Eugen will get their job done well.Wishing for next Wargame with a new engine."
76561197981223869,Recommended,572410,32295032,Posted: 9 June,all,Captkilljoy,Loving this game so far.
76561198027520782,Recommended,572410,31644915,Posted: 9 May,all,DominixxVI,"Great fan of R.U.S.E, WW2, and the Wargame series this is a perfect mix of all of them. You can't just play this game like any other RTS this game involves alot more strategy and thinking due to the phases A (scout ) B ( skirmish ) and C ( Battle ) other divisions are better in phase A other divisions are better in phase B or C wich really makes every division different unit wise and strategy wise."
76561198245628878,Recommended,572410,31992154,Posted: 27 May,all,Turbro Clit,"good RTS, easy to learn, yet challenging to win. made me very wet."
76561198021417617,Recommended,572410,31922318,Posted: 23 May,all,Coffee,"Outstanding game.  You have to stratigise to win.  Grapics are clear, you can zoom way in and see the detail.  Just to much to list and I want to get back to playing the game.  See you on the battlefield."
76561197969388648,Recommended,572410,30972657,Posted: 5 April,all,CommodoreFly,Wargame in a WW2 setting. With a nice mix of Ruse.So far loving it. Can't wait for release. #CanadaIsComing :D
76561198072234774,Recommended,572410,31879287,Posted: 21 May,all,alexander,"If you like RTS games then you will def love this game, beware if this would be your first game in this genre cause it might be a lil bit hard if you rush into mulitplayer and thus resulting in a not so good experience.If you wish to get into these games play the tutorial once full release is here and get some games in against ai and you will have a much beter time and you will be enjoying this great game at it's best.In short, it's a good solid game.I love it :)"
,Recommended,572410,31962222,Posted: 25 May,all,Olden_bread,Forest porn
,Recommended,572410,31388888,Posted: 27 April,all,Coda,If you like wargame or Company of heroes you will love this. Could be the best RTS of 2017.
,Recommended,572410,32591354,Posted: 20 June,all,Lord Cutler Beckett,"The game is very good, it's sort of a mix between Wargame and Ruse. The engine is essentially a slightly improved version of Wargame's, the deck layout is very similar. The spawning system is similar, except you have a frontline to push and control the map, rather than zones like in Wargame.In my opinion, it's probably harder than Wargame, although it is a different playstyle, even if some of the features are similar.I'd give it an 8/9 out of 10.I would like to see some more units and nations in the game, everything else is great."
76561198018946552,Recommended,572410,31726856,Posted: 13 May,all,ArchBuck,"If you enjoy Wargame - this is a slightly more forgiving, front-line based version."
,Recommended,572410,31788397,Posted: 16 May,all,Ronald Mc Donald,"I myself play a few RTS games, and this game is basically a combination of COH and MOW, It's a good game... really good game actually. But this game is more about placing units and let them do there own thing, I like micro managment, It keeps me more focus."
76561198020733366,Recommended,572410,32179569,Posted: 4 June,all,MECHA_CAT,I actually refunded this game in beta becuase I didn't really enjoy the gameplay that much. Now that I bought the game again and have given it some time I found that the gameplay has alot more depth than WG: RD.Pros:Creating a lineMaking quick long and short term decisions is rewardingBattlesAircraftCons:Maps are kinda smallTakes a few games to get used to gameplayKinda clunky movement orders when moving units into cover
,Recommended,572410,32186504,Posted: 4 June,all,Jester_Prince,"This is the WW2 RTS game I've always wanted. It gets the Infantry/Tank relationship just right. So far I've only played the AI in skirmishes and my friends while learning the game.Pros:Scale is realistic. Tanks, guns and infantry are all effective at realistic ranges, the maps are vast enough that you have to manage these ranges effectivly.Infantry are not useless! So many WW2 games make infantry the ""starting unit"" and tanks the ""endgame"" unit that is a hit point soaker while infantry become useless cannon fodder. This game makes the infantry tank relationship very important. This is bocage county tanks are easily ambushed if not supported by infantry. Additionally well placed infantry can be very hard to shift. (6th Airbourne ftw!). Get a couple of units into a town early on and you can hold it with a few supporting units the whole game while your armour do the flanking. You could built a list with no tanks and still stand a chance if you place your infantry in key locations. On the flip side you would be hard pressed to win using only tanks due to the nature of the enviroment (which is historically correct).People who play the Germans and expect to win because they have taken the ""undefeatable"" tiger tanks are going to be in for a shock. You will lose your tigers to typhoons and infantry if you don't support them with AA and your own infantry to counter them. Only then will they be the pain in the♥♥♥♥♥the allies found them to be.Roads are your life line. Control the roads you control the battlfield.Artillery doesn't ruin the game. So many RTS games you go online and you find ""servernameblah blah blah- no artillery"" ect. This is normally because artillery is overpowered and can fire the entire map. This game gets artillery just right, its only effective against unarmoured units caught in the open, even then it pretty much has to be a direct hit. Everything else its a moral breaker and will cause them to retreat until they are safe, either buying you time to reogranise your defence or push through with your ground units while the enemy is scattered.Unit placment is very important. Your guns might be able to hit at 1200m but agianst the heaviest units you won't do anything. Getting your guns into a position where penetration is guarenteed, preferably against side armour at mid to close range is important. Most first shots will miss at long range, so if the enemy can get a shot off in return its a game of who can reload quicker.You can zoom in and out to insane levels. You can zoom all the way down the ground level and get a infantrymans view of the terrain or you can zoom all the way out to levels only a spy satelite could provide.This game is hard, even the AI on easy will put up a fight while you learn the game. My first couple of games were frustrating but the gameplay is rewarding.No base building! This is a personal dislike, but I find base building games miss the point of an RTS compleatly. This game does have a recource managment and timed phases but I quite like this, it simulates escalation of a battle well. Units being sent to the place their needed accross a larger front line. There are plenty of mods in the workshop that remove these limits too if thats your thing.This game is the total war game for WW2 I always wanted. If only it had a campaign map then it would be perfect.Cons:This game is hard. Really hard. If your expecting company of heros you wont like this game. Units will blow up in a matter of seconds if you parade them accross the battlefield.Line of sight over trees doesn't always match the visuals. On the few maps with hills large enough to see over trees dispite having a direct line of sight to enemy units visually. Their line of sight hitbox is just a tad too tall because there have been many times when I've setup a gun expecting to be able to fire into the distance and it can't. Only to use the line of sight tool to find out they can't.You absaloutly need to learn the hot keys:""U"" for disembark, essential for when you happen upon an enemy unit behind your lines you didn't know was there and you don't want your very vulnerable transport units shot up (essentilly killing the unit inside).""Q"" to move your units in combat mode. This is different to the normal right click where the unit will just move in the open at marching speed. This means infantry will use cover on the way to the clicked location, using hedgerows, bocage, walls, buildings as cover. This will keep you units alive but also make them move slower. If they do encounter the enemy they won't be caught with their balls out in the open. For tanks this means they move slower and space themselves out better.Quick March (F? I forgot, I just insinctivly hit the key now). Get your units accross the map ASAP using roads. Use this only if you know your units will be safe. It can be useful also for risky flanking manuvers with tanks (cromwells make excelent use of this due to their speed) but you will need to be careful or have scouted the area.""C"" See the line of sight with ranges, from the position your cursor is at, or if over a unit, from their cirrent position. This a great for deciding where you need to put your guns for best effectivness. Or if trying to sneak a unit around the flanks for an ambush  the route with the least exposure.Planes are invulnerable to AA guns for some reason (only fighter interceptors can shoot them down), they will force the plane to run away, but with planes like the Typhoon by the time they have been scared off they have already delivered their payload and be on their way back home anyway. I don't know why this is. Meaning it doesn't matter how many guns you have on the ground. This is offset by the recharge/refuel time planes have and their requisition cost and limited numbers. Why can't tanks use their own AA guns, alot were equiped with machine guns for this exact purpose.Crashes. This game can be unstable at times (was especially bad during beta), but happening far less frequently recently. However performance is consistantly good when it is running.The Benchmarking system... WHY OH WHY does it need to run through it so many times!Uses its own matchmaking and friend system. I'd have liked it to use steam but atleast it has a friend system which makes jumping in with mates easy.No 3 Commando Brigade. Gimmie commandos with Funnies in support!No static enplacments/defensive game mode. Would love a game mode where the Germans have static encplacements in addition to their units (with a points reduction to their unit pool?). Alot of the bunkers on the map are purley cosmetic and don't even provide much cover for units.Anti Tank guns somtimes feel a bit too vulnerable, they don't have the durability of infantry in cover, nor do they seem to have the ability to remain hidden quite aswel, dispite the fact they should be able to conceal themselves and be very dificult to spot until they fire. Which is the main advantage of a static gun over a tank.In conclusion, if your looking for a realistic WW2 RTS that actually handles infantry and tanks in an unbiased and realistic way then this is for you. If your after tank spam you will want other games. Don't expect a gentle learning curve."
,Recommended,572410,32352328,Posted: 11 June,all,{FL}Blitzkrieg,"Its a fun game, however i wish they could have worked in a dynamic campaign of some sorts.. They have decks and units that are upgradable... But none of that matters because the battles are just scripted scenarios and none of your men travel with you to any of the other battles.Maybe a MP mode like Total War Shogun's Avatar conquest would have helped too...Overall, its a fun little game for what it is. But I think it missed out on a chance to really knock it out of the park."
76561198031531431,Recommended,572410,31613452,Posted: 7 May,all,dgweatherby,"Great game.If you like ww2 games, this one is for you!! This is my first RTS game so i'm terible at it so far but damn is it fun!!   I definately recomend this game."
,Recommended,572410,31968824,Posted: 26 May,all,Blue Lizard,Pure and fluid strategy!
76561197991223299,Recommended,572410,32414564,Posted: 14 June,all,MCKINLEC,"Missing File Privileges error every time the game updates. Other than that the game is okay, creating battlegroups mouse clicks is kind of wierd, not too intuitive."
76561197980323006,Recommended,572410,32359821,Posted: 12 June,all,[23HG] Zaether,"A great game, lots of units, unique battlegroups and lots of action.AI cheats a bit.. this is the only downside when playing Solo mode, but appart from that the game is both a challange om MP and Solo mode."
,Recommended,572410,31898184,Posted: 22 May,all,Sötkorn,Reminds me very much of close combat so if you enjoyed that game this is a must have.It's complex enough to make it fun but still simple enough to not scare you away.The computer is really hard from normal and up you will probably struggle a lot if you lack experiece from similar games but that just make the sweet victory more rewarding.Looking forward to see the campaign!
,Recommended,572410,32189640,Posted: 4 June,all,Cat iz 4 Fite,"Steel Division: Normandy 44 will be imediately familiar to fans of games like RUSE or Paradox's own Wargame. In this RTS you command a variety of troops to secure territory and crush your opponents.Rather than other RTS's like Company of Heroes which focus more on smaller more intimate battles, Steel Division is about the bigger picture. You need to ensure your units push forward and take territory while at the same time shoring up your own units to prevent the enemy from doing the same. It's interesting to watch this play out on screen indicated by a shifting frontline. It's not uncommon to notice the enemy creating a bulge in your lines. Intelligence is vital in knowing what your enemy is throwing at you. You have access to a number of recon vehicles and infantry to do so.At the start of a given match, you select unit cards that can then be deployed during A, B, and C phases of the game. You have access to jeeps, halftracks, tanks, infantry, Machine gun crews, mortar crews, artillery, antitank weapons and planes. Using combined arms tactics is crucial to victory.The game features 3-4 single player campaigns that increase in difficulty. But the meat and potatoes for a lot of people will surely be the multiplayer (which I have not yet played) which supports two teams of four.Presentation is superb. There is a stunning attention to detail in the terrain and maps themselves as well as the units. You can zoom out to a birds eye view and zoom in to see individual units trading fire with the enemy. The sound design is excellent as well.If your looking for a engaging strategy game set in WWII with a lot of replay value, this game is well worth a look."
,Recommended,572410,31982165,Posted: 26 May,all,fun man [d0c!],"Gonna keep it short and sweet. If you enjoyed any of the previous Wargame series, but felt as though they were too micro-managey, or didn't like the way that aircraft and/or artillery were managed, you'll like this game."
76561198005539911,Recommended,572410,32025808,Posted: 28 May,all,Divine Sausage,"A solid game and a great starting point.One huge annoyance for me though. Maps such as Pegasus Bridge and Omaha Beach for some reason aren't focused around either Pegasus Bridge or Omaha Beach?I'm guessing it's an oversight, but at the moment every map is ""generic French countryside""."
76561197972557085,Recommended,572410,32064853,Posted: 30 May,all,DrFonk,"Amazing just Amaziiiing !! If you love Close Combat and Combat Mission Series, you will love this game !! Buy it now !!"
76561197985987002,Recommended,572410,32372026,Posted: 12 June,all,B@rRy @ Super Amnessia,"Great game, and Ai in campaign is great to play against. good and difficult strategy game!"
76561198021188433,Recommended,572410,34113604,Posted: 8 August,all,muntta,"The AI is full off $*""T, it places *just* outside your range and hammers you when you move in range, it conveniently has perfectly placed units when your pushing their forces back, waiting in ambush. TBH its a load of crap. However it does'nt stop me trying, i dont know whats the problem with me i should just give up. On hard it's HARD i mean REALLY hard...nearly 50 hours playtime and i'm still struggling...fun though i guess thats important ??"
76561197998293318,Not Recommended,572410,35228783,Posted: 26 September,all,Almack,"Bugs and crashes during the game every 10-15 minutes. Not recomended. May be later, 1-2 years later, when developers fix all. 5 points for the idea 2+ for the ...crashes."
76561198019543617,Recommended,572410,35397567,Posted: 1 October,all,GEM,"Fantastic game!At first it felt like a mix of COH2 and Wargame, but the game is really more like a table top game in many ways. I disagree with reviews saying that it is too hard. I have been consistently beating medium AI skirmishes in my first few games without breaking a sweat or doing the tutorials. That feels about right for difficulty, maybe even a little too easy.The graphics are nice and similar to Wargame series (ie better zoomed out and zoomed in).The best part is the deck building, simlar to Wargame. I am looking forward to the future DLCs, but there is plenty to play with at present. Another highlight is the aircraft. After playing alot of COH2, I am really happy to have air units!Overall, this is the game I have been waiting for. While not perfect, it is an exciting start to hopefully a whole series of WW2 games."
,Recommended,572410,30980395,Posted: 6 April,all,urnotpaul,It's Air land battle set in ww2 with more mechanics to it why not get it?
,Recommended,572410,30975671,Posted: 6 April,all,xoxoverdose,"New to series but was thoroughly surprised after getting to play this. It took me a couple of skirmishes to figure out how to play and how the card system works, and it swept me away with the bullet aesthetics and quality of graphics. I'll probably check out their previous games now."
76561198020024278,Recommended,572410,30984587,Posted: 6 April,all,Saman Wilson,It's a very good game. I totally recommend it. BUY THIS ASAP.
76561198170100006,Recommended,572410,31829461,Posted: 18 May,all,Chief3Alpha,Ah yes....the sit and wait game..nations are unbalanced very badly..got infantry divisions vs hella german tanks then artillary and artillary artillary...i like the game though dont get me wrong just saying its very unbalanced..cant wait for the full release crossing credit card and hoping they fix the issues..
76561198037208459,Recommended,572410,30970683,Posted: 5 April,all,☩ GRIMBEARD ☩,"IT'S A WARGAME, IT'S JUNE 6TH, IT'S SAUSAGE TIME!*Beta Review and tips*Thankfully Steel Division is not just ""Wargame with a WW2 skin"". It's far, far better than that. It has one hell of a lot of meat on it's bones. I simply can't imagine how juicy this game will be with all the planned divisions. For even the £50ish quid I spent on the bells and whistles version of the game I forsee myself playing this for 100s of hours.I was in the VIP Beta  and at the time I couldn't get my head round it. Everything kept blowing up. My infantry kept getting massacred. I didn't like the Wargame titles and prefer things like Graviteam Tactics though I've never managed to put the time in to that title or read the manual (when I'm not playing EUIV). Steel Division hits the tactical strategy sweet spot for me.Now I've played the beta a bit more I'm getting better and the game is starting to feel awesome now I've got more my teeth into it.TipsPut the speed down a notch to slow. This will give you time to react and queue up orders...Shift to queue orders. C to see lines of sight.I'll admit there is a steep learning curve but after a couple of games and playing with battle groups I'm getting the hang of it. 2v2 is by far the best mode even against ai. 1v1 the battlefield is too large and too much to micro. Putting the game speed down a notch helped.Battle group composition is key. As glorious as it is to use a load of Panthers in B/C how are you going to afford them? Wouldn't a cheaper, experienced, crack shot Pz IV that's to arrive in B be a better choice?Infantry are very vulnerable. Defence only. I can't seem to get my flamethrower chaps close enough to use them. If you have to attack with inf, smoke, smoke, smoke.German AT guns rock. Buy loads in A, plonk them in a tree lines with a bit of supporting inf and watch the shermans explode. If you can set up a crossfire all the better!Don't forget your ammo trucks! (It's nice to have a bit of logistics in the game)I really like that the otherwise useless trucks disappear as soon as the troops dismount saving a lot of pointless non combat vehicle mamagement. Expendable combat transports are really useful for doing a tactical feint or just suppressing a location while your inf moves up.Oh and recon, recon, recon.It's a bit of a shame it's not on the Eastern Front tbh with longer lines of sight and a bit more flow to the battles. Kursk would be amazing. I could easily imagine this systems portraying Operation Market Garden or Wacht am Rhein (The Bulge). Fingers crossed for a fruitful series.In short, this is WARGAME, but for grown-ups!"
,Recommended,572410,30979267,Posted: 6 April,all,LisaMarieSimpson,SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY给你钱，都给你，你要多少给多少，买点好点的土豆就行
76561198006618415,Recommended,572410,31012037,Posted: 8 April,all,Xace,Absolute awesome. Its wargame but made to suit WW2.Well done devs
76561198021536359,Recommended,572410,31080285,Posted: 11 April,all,Stonewall,This game is all that I hoped it would be. I've been a huge fan of Paradox and Eugen games and now that they've joined forces they've created a very good WWII game. I've been playing WWII PC games for ages and this is right up there with Men of War and HOI4. I can't wait for news maps and divisions to come along. I'm very pleased with the game mechanics with this beta and am very excited for the full release.
76561198058630905,Recommended,572410,31142066,Posted: 14 April,all,Res,"( Have Only Played Skirmish's Against AI)Love the Game Mechanics and Units. Ive never played Wargame before, But getting into this game has been easy going.It has the Cover mechanics of COH for Infantry. Actually having Units to do a Sole Job, that actually preform that job well is Great for an RTS game. It feels likes all the units in standard RTS's have Abilty's, but cant see farther. or be stealthy. This game however makes Scouts very Stealthy. They are not great at combat, but they sometimes carry AT which at times can be crucial.Overall for the Beta. Its pretty good.ProsFeels unique to other RTS's ive played (possibly because I never played Wargame)Units Work how they should. (An Ace Pilot will Fly circles around a New one. unless he's outnumbered. same for other units)Maps get bigger as the player size increases. It allows for a new Experiances of play, as you add more players.Making your own Battlegroups is one of the best ways to allow customization. I know wargame had it. but it truly allows you to Develop your own styles of play for each division.ConsIm with some of the community on this one. The Balancing is pretty Wonky right now. The Jumbo Sherman in One game. killed a Shutze Firefly, 2 Panzer 2 and a Panzer 4. and Took like 3 Strafings of heavy BF109 Rockets.All while being shot at by Pak 40's and 38's Thats just Unrealistic and infurating It wouldnt even fall back. Other units that can be a bit OP are the AT Guns. They are just as pad as in MOWAS. They Shred litterally everything. Infantry, Tanks, APC's. I Understand the Anti Armor. but Nerf the HE Damage Please.I dont know if its a bug, But sometimes my Units refuse to fire even though their weapon arnt damaged and they have ammo, but it just says ""No Weapon"" So many AT Guns have died to this."
76561198260432564,Recommended,572410,31925992,Posted: 23 May,all,beattie72747,so far so good
,Recommended,572410,31925101,Posted: 23 May,all,Palooka,Great RTS
76561198126673620,Recommended,572410,31925841,Posted: 23 May,all,Paww,My new favoutite rts
76561197990591730,Recommended,572410,31943531,Posted: 24 May,all,captbiu,"Have only played skirmish  in the beta against ai, but  I think this is a very awesome and well executed WW2 genre game!"
76561197989244152,Recommended,572410,31947640,Posted: 25 May,all,itisasitis,"I've been waiting so long for a SOLID WW2 game, with Close Combat like gameplay. Here it is. Just get it."
76561198065931460,Recommended,572410,32021812,Posted: 28 May,all,eikichi533,"Adjustable difficulty settings are in pretty much EVERY video game for a reason.I don't play multiplayer.And I will never play single player.cause it's too god damn hard. I can't get past the first map, and i had two friends try at last night's LAN party, they couldn't either. either the objectives as stated are wrong/bugged or the description is obtuse, because we do what the game says and then the games says ""defeat"" no matter whether we achieved the stated mission objectives or not.There are no cheat codes and no difficulty adjustment for campaign mode. So even though i absolutely LOVE this game, i will only be able to play skirmish mode, and never get to experience the game i paid for.It's an AMAZING GAME. Game engine, graphics assets, audio, design... i mean it's brilliant and was ready to become a big Eugen fan, but uh.... yeah maybe you should put a difficulty slider in so that ""stupid noobs and idiots"" can play your game too, we are a considerable portion of the population, seems liek a bad business move to cut the idiots andd noobs out of your potential customers by forcing everyone into ""hard mode"" (i'm joking. I've been playing real time startegy and tactics games  since Warcraft Orcs and Humans came out. I'm not even that bad)I do not regret paying for this game; i am not going to return it, even though i cannot get past the first level. I think skirmish mode alone is worth the sticker price. Why does skirmish mode have an adjustable difficulty and campaign mode does not? well, I don't know. but it's worth asking yourself, because it's a glaring oversight that frustrates your players.Excellent work on the game, congratulations and good work."
,Recommended,572410,32118065,Posted: 1 June,all,BlackFire Forge,"My Review Videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5weNzpFMGIQuick ReviewSo my quick review/suggestion of this game, isa “try”, as in try this out in steam, and if you hate it, then you should be able to return it.Pro/Con List At BottomMy Thoughts / OverViewSteel Division is a RTS game, and similar to RUSE & Wargame. You are able to choose from over 400 historically accurate units from 6 countries and command them in the field, and play them in a single player/multiplayer mode.Steel Division allows players to really immerse themselves as an Armchair general and command a shifting front-line, and perform their carefully executed plans...or see them torn asunder. You can play up to 10 v 10 matches online and zoom in for close details and glory, or view from afar like the God that you are.As always, I do not want you guys to buy a game and waste your money, so it’s my hope my review helps you make the right decision.Steel division to me is a brutal strategy game. I say brutal because it’s very punishing for new players to this game and this type of RTS, hence my try.If you hop right into multiplayer you’ll be tested against players who have been playing since alpha and matches can last 20+ minutes or more. This can be disheartening because you could be crushed pretty early and let your team down….but therein lies the fun. You could come back with a masterful plan!Steel Division really caters to gamers who enjoy some deep & fast RTS. This game really challenges players to make up the army and style they want to use. I say this, as players can create “decks” of cards that let them deploy units in certain phases of battle. You can have up to 36 cards/battalions in your deck, and as the match goes on longer there will be 3 different phases that let players use stronger and stronger units. You could make a deck heavily relying on tanks, or a pure artillery deck to smash your foes into the dirt. Also within these decks you can use air units to call in bomb strikes or fend of air units shooting your units.The single player campaign from what I’ve played so far is pretty awesome as it follows the Normandy assault (hence the title of the game), and you get to perform some great action that I don’t want to spoil, but let’s say in the first mission you help with the D-Day assault which gets really out of hand and intense.But as always, I don’t buy a lot of games for just a story/on time experience. I like to buy games for the replayability, and this game really offers a ton.This comes in the form of multiplayer and mods. Multiplayer is a challenging beast as you can have 1 v 1’s up to 10 v 10s (which is awesome but a lot to handle). This offers hours upon hours of content and fun! I say mods, as the Paradox community is great at creating mods that really help games or completely change them. An example would be CK2 where modders have made a Warhammer mod that completely changes the game and it’s awesome, so I can’t wait to see mods for this title and fun new things we’ll be able to do.What I like:Huge battlesRush and calm as you take and lose points on them mapCustomizable decks to play in a multitude of waysGreat sound effects, and pretty decent graphics for the scale of the gameCover IS EVERYWHERE! Use the houses to the trees to tractors. It’s great!What I don’t like:Some issues launching the actual gameMultiplayer lag/frame skipArtillery is weird...units just lumbering after units and then getting rektdAnti-tank guns mowing down infantry/pinning them"
76561198030014016,Recommended,572410,32323948,Posted: 10 June,all,LastRedhead82,"Great RTS, would definitely recommend doing the boot camp tutorial so you know what the hell you're doing.  I really enjoy the battlegroup creation feature, and they have a bunch of units and divisions you can choose from such as the 101st Airborne and the 12th SS Panzer.  One thing I would like to see in the future is better character models, and I'm sure the modding community will provide some very soon."
76561198208399143,Recommended,572410,32556286,Posted: 18 June,all,KillSwitch,Best Steategy Game ever. 11/10
76561198023577805,Recommended,572410,31925009,Posted: 23 May,all,DOG OF WAR,Must have for WW II Buff!
,Recommended,572410,31941200,Posted: 24 May,all,PANICFIRE03,"Steel Devision is an overall good RTS. The graphics are quite nice as is the sound. The 3 campaigns while short offer a view from all sides of the normandy invasion. In my opinion it's fun to see your little guys run from cover to cover gunning down any Germans they find (untill they run out of ammo)My main complaint with the game is the imbalance, the AI will know the best defensive positions and weaknesses in the front line almost instantly and its way too easy to become surrounded. You could go from a relatively strong defensive line to a mess of units falling back, surrendering and being blown to bits in seconds just because the enemy fires one shell from artillary you didn't see. It can also deploy multiple units at a time accross the entire battlefield. Oh an when this game says NORMAL what that means is BONE SMASHINGLY DIFFICULTI think this game would be amazing with a few difficulty tweaks and balancing patches, that is why I am recommending this game. Maybe add more campaign missions. The game is more fun with other people in it's current state so if you want to experience what the game has to offer get a copy for your mate.Overall Score: 7/10but has the potential to be an 8 or 9/10"
76561198010709643,Recommended,572410,31941957,Posted: 24 May,all,Knight Solaire,The best iteration of the wargame formula simultaneously better realized on a smaller scale while also allowing for grander battles than before and a campaign that is short but challenging and feels much more developed than the ones in previous generations of the genre.
76561198071093577,Recommended,572410,32137111,Posted: 2 June,all,Easy Red,really need scouts or your divisions will get wiped
,Recommended,572410,31927043,Posted: 23 May,all,BobbyBaconHat,"This is a great RTS game that is very similar to Wargame, but it is much more approachable with the frontline mechanic. The AI has a wide range of difficulties (a bit arty spammy though) and it is very fun to play with the strengths and weaknesses of historical divisions. Every game is recorded so you can go back and learn from losses or relive victory. I've played all the wargames and this beats them in my opinion."
76561198034472979,Recommended,572410,31365695,Posted: 25 April,all,JadeRuby,"About time, we have been dieing for them to make a World war 2 Wargame RedDragon game for ages.Here it is and yes there is still much work to do but we know that this will be a great game after the release with all 18 armies."
76561197990849952,Recommended,572410,32015424,Posted: 28 May,all,PearField,Great game! I hope they add more divisions and maps as time goes by. :)
76561198024169563,Recommended,572410,32227027,Posted: 6 June,all,madstockman,Not sure on this. The game is obviously sound. Not much to offer someone who is not into multiplayer. With this in mind it was not value for money for me. I have asked for a refund. I think maybe in the winter i may be up for this but now its summer i have to much to do other than sitting playing people on multiplayer. If there was a good SP game i'd go for it as could spend a bit of time here and there chipping away at it. Bodies disappear which always annoys me.
,Recommended,572410,31349396,Posted: 24 April,all,Chrisdovah,Something something cup of tea
76561198169438163,Recommended,572410,32752337,Posted: 24 June,all,Layzan,"There is a few things which I could see an improvment on:Pathfinding is a bit off at times.I can be annoying when you miss click and select all your units to go to one location when you only wanted one unit to upon setup of a battle.Campign is very small.However, skirmish is hard vs the A.I which I really like. Losing so many times to then win feels great. And I know I'm learning as I go, It's great fun. I'm yet to play MP. If it's like skirmish I'm sure I'll enjoy even if i'm getting ruined.I really like all the units, so many options and all units seem like they have a use. I also like the A,B,C phase which adds tactical depth. You have to think about what you are going to roll out to war in each phase, and different forces have different strengths in each phase.It's a fun game for those who want to apply time and thought."
,Recommended,572410,30986784,Posted: 6 April,all,LifeEncrypter,"Runs fluently, no long loading times as stated from some other users.Gameplay is fun, can only recommend"
76561197997423371,Recommended,572410,30998706,Posted: 7 April,all,TEFLON DON 永遠のトランプ,"--BETA IMPRESSION--If you've ever played Wargame, this game is as close to you can get for it in the WW2 setting. Eugen has done a major mechanic shift from Wargame for this game. Combat is much more slower paced which is refreshing coming from Wargame where the combat was very quick and a few wrong moves could have all of your forces wiped.This game still needs a bit of polishing and optimization. It lacks the smoothness and fluidity of Wargame.This is going to be a very high quality RTS game when all is said and done!"
,Recommended,572410,30971258,Posted: 5 April,all,Doc Corb [RCL],"It's another Eugen wargame war..game, bringing a whole new enviroment (not that new) to their classic RTS format. New mechanics, better AI.. a few crashes to desktop. It's a beta though at the moment, but I recommend this to veterans and newcomers alike who want an unmistakably deep and entertaining strategy title."
,Recommended,572410,30971505,Posted: 5 April,all,Seed of Power,"These guys know how to make a good RTS game. This one in particular doesn't fall sort of that expection. It comes with a full campaign, mod support and multiplayer. Also it appears not to run like dog poop. If you liked the pervious Eugen games, you'll love this one."
,Recommended,572410,30970895,Posted: 5 April,all,Hesgad,Its funWill need to wait for more battlegroups and maps before final judgement tho
,Recommended,572410,30972563,Posted: 5 April,all,GeneralHawk,"What a wondeful surprise! Obvious echos of wargame but it is its own game.  Much different pacing.  Incredible sense of a fight.   Long engagements.   Cannot recommend enough, outstanding and can't wait for all of it!Incredible game. Nothing like it out there. Best of ruse and wargame. The ww2 setting changes the pacing radically, for the better actually. Really incredible sense of battlefront shifts, offensives etc...the phase dynamic makes the game extremely deep...and the air game is now just right, perfect for this setting.Can't wait for campaign, thank you for redeeming yourselves after AOA. This is the game every ruse, wargame, hell anyone who was wanted to command in this setting has been waiting for...."
76561198075774703,Recommended,572410,30981682,Posted: 6 April,all,Rawlson,WW2 Wargame. 10/10
,Recommended,572410,32209529,Posted: 5 June,all,Smurfosaurus-Rekt,Solid gameplay
76561198354413898,Recommended,572410,31730360,Posted: 13 May,all,Zcrasgreese,Recomend to any who likes wargame or who is new to the franchise just like I am not hard to learn and very fun
76561198104808332,Recommended,572410,32574017,Posted: 19 June,all,Burro,Has a hard learning curve but overall it is a good game
76561198029109739,Recommended,572410,34240473,Posted: 14 August,all,Brombear,to me steel division is like the good old close combat series but then in modern 3D environment and wargame mechanics.It plays very strategical and tactical. Compose your battlegroup very carefully and play it very tactical.Platoons act accordingly. They can get pinned down or will retreat just like they used to do in close combat series.I like the game very much but it takes a bit of an effort to get to appreciate it as the learning curve can be very steep.Nice single player campaign although a bit short. AI is top ace compared to wargame.
,Recommended,572410,32596515,Posted: 20 June,all,Keyakizaka46,I enjoy it .
76561198013806860,Recommended,572410,33055631,Posted: 30 June,all,AmonSvaag,"Don't listen to the reviews that say nobody plays it. Plenty of people play this, and it's a very good game. Get it and gid gud quick."
,Recommended,572410,31983179,Posted: 26 May,all,fdsdh1,"Great gameslightly slower paced to the Wargame series, however this is in no way a detriment to game play in fact it is almost an improvement. The different stages of battle make for a much more interesting game, and provides some nice depth. Availability of units is dictated by your decisions on the deck building screen.there are a wide variety of different divisions each with its own unique fighting style.The new Conquest mode is a brilliant improvement over previous Wargame titles, and the frontline is a nice addition.The learning curve is quite steep, though it appears simple in order to play well you must master unit positioning and also the stats (i.e. what can kill what), however playing 10v10 can help you learn the basics."
76561198012848760,Recommended,572410,32826437,Posted: 26 June,all,Valdus,An excellent WW2 RTS with an aim towards realism over arcade that is similar to the rest of the Wargame series but a little slower in pace and with slightly less units to control at once.  The deck building is also a little less intimidating with fewer (but still meaningful) choices to make.  I had trouble getting into the other Wargame titles but I greatly enjoy Steel Division.The main focus of the game is the online multiplayer.  There is a single player campaign but it is fairly short and you can play matches against the AI but going against other players is what the game was designed for.  There is a fairly steep learning curve in terms of tactics and how to use units - controlling your units is quick to learn but figuring out how to use them effectively will take time.  It took me around 25-50 hours before I started to feel confident in what I was doing but it was worth the time investment for sure.Currently using the Quickplay feature to find a game isn't overly effective but you can find or host a Custom game and fill it up easily.
76561197971050197,Recommended,572410,31588388,Posted: 6 May,all,Super Penis :),Epic game :))
,Recommended,572410,32062812,Posted: 30 May,all,toKen,Two things I learned from this game:1. A lot of Amercians with the name Bucky have enlisted and have unfortunetly died.2. Hedges/forests are your best friend.
,Recommended,572410,33057595,Posted: 30 June,all,Brunswick,"Essentially 3D Close Combat 5, I've wanted a game like this for years. If you like Company of Heroes but want something more complex, this should be up your alley. On the other hand, if you tried something like Graviteam Tactics and found the UI too opaque or unintuitive, this has a drastically better UI which still allows for complex tactics and realistic engagements which may make it more palatable to you. Haven't gotten into the MP scene yet, but the AI is plenty smart on the higher levels and should give anyone a run for their money unless you figure out how to game it. I'm somewhat surprised at the reviews not being at 80%+, but it seems like there's a fair amount of angry Wehraboos giving it a thumbs down. Dorks."
76561198034962524,Recommended,572410,31514493,Posted: 2 May,all,NeoXenocide,This is the best RTS that's come out in years. The learning curve is worth it.
76561198042558081,Recommended,572410,32023028,Posted: 28 May,all,MichaelSaid,"Awesome, Bootcamp is going great. seems a bit overwhelming at first in campaign mode :) .  But so far awesome game."
76561198045743977,Recommended,572410,33051229,Posted: 30 June,all,Salamandastron,"Game is great. Love the immersion and the variety of tatics you can deploy, only complaint is that there are no control groups which would make manging your troops a lot easier."
76561197991136677,Recommended,572410,32030240,Posted: 28 May,all,FkYoSht,"Another good game from eugen, however i feel it is a bit to limited; as it being set during Normandy. I long for a game that looks at the big picture of wwII. Next time maybe."
76561198053515696,Recommended,572410,31608132,Posted: 7 May,all,EasyEight,So far only 10 hrs in but i got to say really fun RTS for a beta this is well done.
76561198088932500,Recommended,572410,31477537,Posted: 30 April,all,Smile | V.Š.,"Never played Wargame before, but having a lot of fun with this game. The mechanics are simple to understand but yet offer a pleasant degree of depth and tactical flexibility, and the game has a nice fast-paced flow to it. A good addition to a WW2 gaming library."
76561198074201325,Recommended,572410,32888173,Posted: 27 June,all,Xforp,"Stunning game. Blown away by this R.U.S.E., Company of Heroes, and Men of War mashup. Simply superb."
76561197971748569,Recommended,572410,34213790,Posted: 13 August,all,Choad,"Brilliant game.  Like Wargame Red Dragon, but WW2, and with much improved game mechanics.  For me it's the sweet spot between realism and playability, the different divisions you have play very differently (unlike the nations in Red Dragon which really differ in emphasis more than playstyle), the graphics I find quite sweet.No base building, pretty much a must for me to play an RTS these days.The learning curve is steep and the gameplay can be punishing, but I think not as bad as other Wargame titles."
76561198025394635,Recommended,572410,35232342,Posted: 26 September,all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"iT's a good game. Not yet as good as it's modern brother, but still a nice experience.PROS- Good graphics and effects- Detailed units with a good level of historical accuracy (suitable for those used to MoW series) in a level very similar to Dragon Rising.- Tanks are now much more valuable and behaves much more like a proper tank than in Dragon Rising, we have even a reverse options so the vehicle can go reverse without exposing itselft too much.- The introduction of phases during the battle, a very interesting concept that simulates the slowly movements of heavier troops like Tiger Tanks or heavy stormtroopers.CONS- Few units and nations right now.- Units do not get into position just like you determined. For example, sometimes you order the vehicle to face 090, but then, you see it facing 130 right before it`s arrival.- No replay system (or i didn`t found it yet)- Few game modes, right now, only limited about a real-time zone or victory by enemies units destruction.OVERRALLThis game is much more historically focused and the customization of the deck is far from what is avaible in Dragon Rising, anyway, considering that they will update de game it will be a great game.What i don't understand is that they are launching DLCs without finishing the game first.  Such decision might bulldoze the game's already fragile reputation on Steam.Overall: Presently, it`s a good game, not complete, but it can still render a good amount of playing ime. Buyt it with a 33% discount or more. The normal price it's not a big deal, YETFor the devs: I would say to you guys to look at Men of War series Frontline gamemode (MP) a very nice idea of gamemode."
,Recommended,572410,32085653,Posted: 31 May,all,Alturis,"I was a big fan of the Close Combat series back in the day and have always kept an eye open for something that was similar yet improved. It seems that day has finally come.It takes the same style of gameplay focusing its attention toward tactical battle strategy and away from resource gathering and tech trees, yet incorporates those elements in a gentle manner allowing you to call in reinforcements throughout the battle and introduce better units at key points.Extends the Close Combat formula by introducing a TON more unit types as well as off map units like artillery and air force. Was also intrigued by large scale battles where you are in charge of only some of the divisions involved while combat wages all around the map.Interface and controls could use a little more work in my opinion but the heart of the game is solid."
76561198203197468,Recommended,572410,34215914,Posted: 13 August,all,M3rrowY3rrow,"This game requires a decent amount of time to truly grasp the complex gameplay. After you understand it, combat is a lot of fun.The frontline mechanic makes this game more fun as you are trying to hold territory instead of just killing units(there is a mode for that in destruction). The morale bar makes units more realistic in terms of combat. The combat phases and point system are great for differentiating divisions' strengths and weaknesses throughout each match.Many people complain about over powered divisions and artillery spam, but they don't seem to grasp the true essence of the game. Yes the game could be better balanced and the developers are working on that. But that doesn't mean non meta divisions can't win. There are different playstyles for each division and every division can win. Also, people who over invest into artillery tend to not have enough units to hold ground, so they can lose even if they spam artillery as it is not cheap.The only real negative in my opinion is the matchmaking system is raw and not polished enough for a fully released game. 1v1 tends to use the queue while team battles of 2v2 3v3 4v4 and 10v10 are mostly on the custom game browser. Hopefully the developers take the time to fix this issue.Overall,this game has a steep learning curve and some may not have the patience for it. But if you are willing to take the time to learn the complex style of RTS gameplay, it is very rewarding in the end."
,Recommended,572410,33065864,Posted: 30 June,all,北 ＥＴＥＲＮＡＬ 朝 ＲＥＡＬＩＴＹ 鮮,"As someone who has played all the Wargame games, this game was not entirely what I expected. However, this is not necessarily a bad thing.The Good-Great UI.-Very good WWII feel to it, includes many historic tanks and such.-The maps are very good, with many strategical points to hold, the gameplay is always exciting.-The cover system is much better than the previous games, allowing tactics to play much more of a role than simply overpowering your enemy.-The frontline system is really clever and allows you to estimate where you are losing the battle and quickly reinforce.-The battles feel very tense and managing to get your infantry to overrun the enemy is a very rewarding feeling. Also the surrendering while units are pinned down is a really cool feature requiring all new tactics not seen in the previous games.-The difference in strengths and weaknesses of divisions truly plays to their roles. Some divisions are great early game and have a ton of light tanks and such to overpower your opponent early on. Some are more balanced, while others are focused on late game and relying on help in the beginning. This diversity really makes the fights feel different every time.The Meh-Not entirely sure how I feel about the stage system. I cant tell if I like it or not but it is definitely something that changes the dynamics of battles.-The unit orders are not all there from previous Wargame games, but I cant expect all of those in a different game. However the auto cover command is very useful for not having to worry about that every time you move a unit.The Bad-WHY DO TROOP TRANSPORTS DESPAWN AFTER DROPPING TROOPS OFF, I WANT TO USE THEM AGAIN!!!-While I get the pen chance is realistic, I find it rediculous that a wolverine with 16 AP can pen my King Tiger from 1.2km from the front. RNG is not kind to me.-Multiplayer or the lack thereof. The servers are almost always empty and when you do manage to find a match half the people just quit. There needs to be some sort of penalty for quitting mid match. Servers rubber band unless you have really good connection. Definitely felt that the previous Wargame Games had much better matchmaking.-Controlling and managing a larger group of units, god forbid from different directions(US campaign), is impossible unless you use the time slowdown feature. This does make it much easier but lowers the realism factor for me.ConclusionI really like the game and despite some minor bad points, will remain on my PC for a while. It has a similar, but not the same feel as the other Wargame games and will likely be welcome to you if you have played them."
,Not Recommended,572410,31905839,Posted: 22 May,all,87th Foot Maj. Bell,"Okay! Here is an updated review after launch.As you may have seen in my Pre-Release review...I was, UNFOND of this game to say the least.After release, I am even moreso unfond of it.In fact, I am willing to go out on a limb and say I absolutely hate this game. And that is REALLY saying something.But I hate it for multiple reasons, and I do not use the word hate lightly.First and foremost, the game let me down. From it's conception, it looked like we had finally found our successor to Close Combat. I was thrilled, I was ready!My gaming experience started in 1997 with one of the best games I have ever owned, Close Combat, Bridge too Far. It was the first game I ever became addicted to. I saved up allowence to get a CD drive for my old computer just to play it. I installed it on every computer at every house I was sent to over the Summer.I know there are some reviews out there, that are saying this game indeed, is the new Close Combat.Let me say flat out, no, no it is not. It is nothing like Close Combat. The scale of the game alone makes that impossible. But looking past even that, nothing about this game is mechanically similar to Close Combat. Whereas Close Combat was and is a game of very deep strategic thought, and a slower paced, thinking man's game. This game is either a hollow shell trying to trick people into thinking it is that, or a very casual light version of that, depending on how you decide to look at it.While Close Combat (And other games, like Combat Mission and Graviteam Tactics), have a very complex model for everything from Morale, to fire effectiveness, to armour penetration, Steel Division takes those concepts and places arbitrary numbers to them. Steel Division is a game that is trying to APPEAR deep, but is infact very shallow.And like a misleading hotel swimming pool, if you dive in head first expecting depth, you are likely going to be in pain.In fact, this game IS  the misleading hotel swimming pool of Strategy Games.You know what I mean, when you go to a hotel, and you see the pool and it looks lovely, but you get into it and it's too shallow and it has this goofy chemical smell that burns your nose? And when you are done you feel like it was a waste of time to go to the pool and now you have to walk back to your room all wet and crap?This game is that, only the goofy chemical that burns your nose is the horrible community that burns your will to live.So let's get these thoughts in order shall we?First lets address the ""Morale"" Mechanic:The Morale Mechanic was the thing that turned me on to this game, and gave me the feeling we were looking at another Close Combat! But boy is it a mess.All the Morale Mechanic does in this game, is make it far too easy to stop an attack. And really, it turns the game into a stalemate of people playing Rock Paper Scissors with support weapons.Units have two stages of ""Morale"", Pinned and Falling back.  There is a meter at the top of each unit that fills up at various rates of speed determined by...I don't know...the Eugen Gods, and once it fills up, the unit becomes pinned and absolutely useless. The only option to fix this is to fall the unit back, and once you select this order, the pinned unit will then run like a chicken with it's head cut off, oblivious to danger, towards the enemy, away from the enemy, through open fields, through forests....Eugen seems to have confused ""Fall Back"" with ""Rout Blindly!"" OH! And my favourite part, if a unit becomes pinned down, and another unit approachs it, they will surrended.This leads to hilarious exploits in the morale system, where you can pin down an enemy with an off map artillery strike, and then bee-line a small vehicle like a jeep, through the middle of the AOE, and capture all the squads pinned down by the artillery. I think my personal record is capturing about 4 full squads of German infantry with one M20 Command car, and this also applies to tanks...meaning, a tank that is ""Falling Back"", can be captured by a 2 man infantry squad.And when I say the morale bar fills up at a rate of speed determined by the ""Eugen Gods"" I mean, I have no idea how they figure what effects morale at what rate. Weapons that can't damage tanks, make them lose their freaking minds, artillery hitting in the same zip code as your infantry makes them all go to ground and become useless. But at the same time, you can watch a  plane fly through flak so thick you can walk on it, drop it's bombs, and happily skip away laughing at you as it ♥♥♥♥♥ on your dreams.Which would be okay I guess, if the game  wasn't built around offense....The game itself revolves around a front line system that must be ""Pushed"" to gain points. Now add this game mode, with a morale system where it is possible to ""Stun Lock"" enemy units like some bad MOBA, and you have the general frustration with Steel Division.The next problem is the Balance:I don't even want to get too far into this one, other than to say, Eugen cannot do Balance. They have never been able to. The Balance here is no better than Wargame, in fact it might be worse.A game based in Normandy, needs Asymetrical Balance, but Eugen cannot fathom that, due to the fact that they can't even pose off ""SYMETRICAL"" balance.The developers tout ""Historical Accuracy"", but when you get into a battle and realize the German's are holding bombing the hell out of you from the skies over Normandy, while your P-51's flail away helplessly at the hordes of German aircraft, you will start to wonder just what version of history Eugen get's it's information from.This comes to the third problem...the air game itself.Now one would think that aircraft would handle something like vehicles? Right? I mean, they are planes and all, they would likely take damage, have fuel leaks, have engines blow out, have control cables snap and all? I mean, in Wagame their engines flamed out, or they lost radar, and this, that and the other, so here, they should be just as fragile right?Wrong! Airplanes have the same mechanics as infantry squads! Because of course they do!This means that to counter planes, you are spending most of the time trying to break their ""Morale"", to get them to ""Fall Back"" hopefully before their bombs kill you.So lets take a look and put some numbers together. An average ground attack plane takes about 140 requisition points. The average AA Gun costs about 50 points. Now, it will likely take you 4 or 5 AA guns shooting at that plane to ""Stun"" it.So already, you are needing about 200 points just to STUN the 140 point aircraft. But now lets add the need to DESTROY the plane, you will need your own 140 point fighter to do that! Because the AA Guns you purchased only damage the planes morale! So you have about 340 points invested into stopping a 140 point plane....and that's just to stop ONE! Compound this with each enemy plane, and you have the pants ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ frustration of SD.It is a game that rewards spam and punishes offense. It is a game that LOOKS deep, but is actually very shallow. It is an APM/Deck Building game disguised as a deep strategy game. It is not worth the money.It has 2 game modes one of which is awful, 10v10's have 2 maps, only one is built for actual 10v10 play.  Most maps are flat and repetitive.Single player is short and shallow, MP is filled with trolls, lag, and rage quiters.Final Score 4/10. This game is only worth playing with house rules to prevent spam and cheese. So in other words, only playable with people you know. And there is also the hope that mod support will make the game a bit more deep and enjoyable."
,Recommended,572410,31007408,Posted: 7 April,all,Ciaphas Cain,"Honestly I was so excited seeing this game when it was first announced, and signed up for the beta right away....it does not disappoint! Love the way the units interact and look on the battlefield.....and the setting is awesome for this scale of warfareI was expecting a Wargames:WWII.....but I think that the changes that have been made make Steel Division a game of its own...the dynamic frontline system creates an incentive to push, flank, defend, and really use infantry ...Speaking of infantry...pinning and suppressing fire are great features that increase survivability and make them a force to contend with, especially in hedgerows or urban settingsI recommend this game to any WWII lover looking for a tactical game, that offers a learning curve dramitcally less than other division size games like Graviteam and the like"
76561198104720255,Not Recommended,572410,32116129,Posted: 1 June,all,Black Baron,"NO just Dont.... when I win or lose I feel the same its not enjoyable.  You never ,,win,, (you lose or they surr in B faze like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)  in that game you dont need tactic what so ever, just spam and call yourself pro for having 7 mortars on the same side..... and thats it spam mortars you win spam planes you win its ez as that. ,,Comeback,, in this game is not an option so the A and half of B phases are most important. The realism is so bad you can't believe it when you go vs sniper unit you get insta pined even at close ranges if that is realistic so be it... Mortars pin tanks.... tanks cant shoot while driving.......I would recommend not buying this game even when its on sale (yes its that bad).The MM is least to say ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you have: Ranked Casual and Costum.... Ranked and Casual is the same thing (you play with same players) and if you are going 1v1 you will get it ,,fast,, but if its 3v3 or 2v2 you can rather go afk 2h and then come back. #WorseThanUBIDONT BUY LET THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥DIE thx"
76561198056043370,Recommended,572410,31028439,Posted: 8 April,all,Dat meho-taco,"4 words. long, range, tank, battles.that is all."
76561198145978938,Recommended,572410,31029258,Posted: 8 April,all,Freedom,"So far, I absolutely love this game. Gameplay is fun, units and maps incredibly detailed yet still run well on my not-so-great laptop (at medium). Plays very similiary to Wargame: Red Dragon but some of the hotkeys are different. Granted, it's still in beta, but I can't wait for the full version to come up. Highly recommend this game."
76561198023019311,Recommended,572410,31029308,Posted: 8 April,all,ranger360x,Yes.
,Recommended,572410,31111414,Posted: 13 April,all,I need healing,"Played my first game, didn't know what to do, my bataillon deck is a total  mess and got annihilated in the first phase of combat against an AI set at very easy!...10/10 would get destroyed again so I can learn from my mistakes."
76561198005763318,Recommended,572410,31077734,Posted: 11 April,all,Tiger,Going to be pretty good judging by the beta (so far)
76561197971223254,Recommended,572410,31078171,Posted: 11 April,all,DukeOf Guise,I like the game. Best RTS  in a long time.
76561198032130445,Recommended,572410,31110206,Posted: 12 April,all,proGrammer;,"The game is so far so good.Eugen, if you see this, if you have not already look into adding the ability to heal units with supply trucks. In addition, I would like to see AA do more damage, most aircraft HAVE to be shot down by interceptors (AA VS Aircraft= 9mm VS Leclerc).Game is GREAT so far. Love the little extra features and additions to allow for more unique looking locations for cover. Keep up the great work and can't wait for the full game!"
76561198131447283,Recommended,572410,31075109,Posted: 11 April,all,Dr. Ofori,"A genuinely fun and interesting game, that for all intents and purposes falls under Eugen's Wargame umbrella. The game plays much like Wargame, the one major difference between Steel Division and Wargame Red Dragon is the fact that the AI is ten times as competent and with the little audio announcements when you select various units (select a German Panzer unit you may get the opening bars of 'Panzerlied') you have an exceedingly fun and enjoyable game from two of the best studios of the genre. (I tend to play offline ergo less time in game, Australian problems)"
,Recommended,572410,31081437,Posted: 11 April,all,[k꒞Ѫ]Mr.Mole1674,realy fun to play with and against ur friends
,Recommended,572410,31094947,Posted: 12 April,all,[SOT]bar10dr,"Haven't had this fun with a RTS in a long time, I don't really play them a lot anymore.Gameplay wise it's a really good mix between those war games that are too involved and too difficult and those war games that are too bland and easy, they really struck a middle ground here that makes it fun.Graphics wise it looks amazing, the map view is really helpful and when you zoom in to watch something cool you can go right down to the ground floor and watch the fighting.You start by choosing your own battle formation, selecting what units you want to play the game with.There are three fases, A, B and C. And you select your units for those fases. Each fase has higher tier units, so your A units will get recked by C units unless you play them correctly.All in all I love it, I do however wish they had stretched a bit further than just Normandy, for instance a Stalingrad map would be insanely cool in this game, hopefully that will come later.Recomended for all levels of RTS players, casuals like me and the elites."
,Recommended,572410,31105775,Posted: 12 April,all,Djgooky/DjGukie d@b #LFM,Gameplay Coh2 with the complexity of hearts of iron IV
76561197971442822,Recommended,572410,31107715,Posted: 12 April,all,Spectre57,An excellent mix of RUSE and Wargame that creates a very fun experience.
,Recommended,572410,31109898,Posted: 12 April,all,Baron Von Blumpstoven,Killin' Natzees
,Recommended,572410,31133991,Posted: 14 April,all,johny247trace,"StoryFather Bain: How long it have been since your last confesion?Me: This is my first time father. Blest me father for i have sinned.Father Bain: What are your sins my son.Me: I preorder game father, i newer wanted to do that but you know how i love wargame style of RTS and Red dragon went totaly into wrong direction. And then Eugen make this game whitch fix all problems i have with red dragon. BUT I ONLY PREORDER BECAUSE OPEN BETA!!!Father Bain: ""reaches for shotgun""Preview:I have real problem with red dragon, like i love wargame series but in latest game there were just too much static fronline where players are just sniping each other with arty tanks and planes it was heavily reaction based game whitch in my opinion didnt fit series at all (mostly because planes) and you could not conduct and  kind of reacon or interestin maneuver because units died too fast.This game fixis all of that and its my favorite RTS for now :)+Best AI i ever see in RTS+Improve cover system-Probably less content than in Wargame+But there is Mod suport"
76561198016484606,Recommended,572410,31134465,Posted: 14 April,all,J.J.S.Bishop,Fun RTS and addicting. My only complaint is it took a week and 3 updates for me to finally play this game.
76561198042500412,Recommended,572410,31140699,Posted: 14 April,all,Benlongbottom,"i really enjoy this game and i am glad to see that eugene have gone back to a fantastic game called R.U.S.E ,which i would also reconmmend and for it being beta it runs really well and looks great. Can't wait for it to come out agian."
76561198352757411,Recommended,572410,31141325,Posted: 14 April,all,Critical_Thinking,A great game. My overall experience is positive and would highly recommend getting the game now if you are interested in the beta experience.
76561198055626305,Recommended,572410,31141005,Posted: 14 April,all,Kekistani Kommissar,you will like it if you like wargames/Ruse.
76561198053301750,Recommended,572410,31094667,Posted: 12 April,all,ϟϟ jolttt☠ ︻デ┳═ー.,awesome game i highly reccomend it! so much fun
76561198043341279,Recommended,572410,31087956,Posted: 11 April,all,GHOST MAKER,"Wow,Ok so if you like wargames the 1st one. You will love this game. Tons of detail and chaos. Love the scale of the game. Thus far great game, and it is not fully out yet.  Played a 10/10 was amazingI will update this now that I it is out. Here are my feelings in playing 20 hrs beta8/10 would recommendProsWargames in WW2MODshuge scaleGreat tactics and stratGood GraphicsAmazing AtompshereMaps are awesomePhases for what you can call up is great!Smooth ControlsConsGraphics could be alot better(tracers and gun fire are a little odd)Ability to tell the infantry to duck or slow advance not thereStill in BetaNeeds more battle groups and ability to customizeNo Tigers yet lolOdd AI pathing( has a road to go down goes off road)Here is a list of issues IMO you can take it or leave it. Still a great game and would recommend.So here is a list of issues I have, other wise still great game and I love it thanks!**If anything is fixed or addressed already sorryMy biggest problem is the fact that I cannot see what the unit does in the text its annoying for me. Luckily I am a huge WW2 history buff and know the abilities of most units but to a novice they won’t know.1) So why are panther rounds bouncing on Sherman’s ? As well why do 88s bounce off.2) Tanks break just as easily as infantry.3) How can a gun crew with 1 GUY left shot the same ROF and as well reload just the same and not be auto falling back or destroyed ?4) Some air planes can fly though AA and drop the loads and others can't****5) need a few more areas to come in on maps. some areas become choke points and the enemy just needs to arty the area cause Tanks are equally afarid of arty. ( I understand I can deploy anywhere but it is had when tanks move at a crawl  and your flank is getting hammered.  6) the Armor Values need rework, as a non-up gunned Sherman can take out a panther but the panther will bounce the sherman.7) veterans units break just as easily it seems or are pinned.8) the point system doesn’t always make sense.9) I know it is BETA but no Stukas or Tigers ?! lol10) LOS seems odd sometimes and you can get out gunned (example 57mm AT vs a Panther 57 wins...)11) Ability to absorb or get faster points if someone leaves. (happens alot.)12) CC ability to click and select as well ability to fleece up dead for ammo? (stretching but when units are out of ammo they will do anything.13) Planes seem to either fear AA fast or they get though just long enough to drop play load. Also 1v1 dogfights seem lopsided to allies.14)Luftwaffe need more access to 88s imo.15) Can there be a support unit to bring squads back up to full or can I send them back for points16) AT can be Sniper rifles and pick off infantryAll this said I am still excited and love this game. But these are big issues imo. Sill great game and the Devs work hard for what I can see and do a great job."
,Not Recommended,572410,32819208,Posted: 26 June,all,RuRik,"This game has a lot of bugs, horribly optimized, completely copied company of heroes, this is Paradox so everyone expects something good, trust me, it's not that great, if you want a better game just stick with company of heroes, no reason to waste money for this 40 Euro ripoff. I could barely play the game because I kept getting 15-20 fps, even Arma 3 runs better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198117529153,Recommended,572410,30983644,Posted: 6 April,all,Sir Arthur Harris 1st Baronet,"Company of Heroes, Wargame, World in Conflict a most splendid combination indeed, need I say any more?"
76561198022421498,Recommended,572410,30984034,Posted: 6 April,all,Cpl. Townsend [1st NJ(Co.A)],"In the hedgerow of France with column of Shermans, comes across German tank platoon, call in airstrike to stun tank platoon, drive in and destroy everyone.10/10 would Normandy Hedgerow again yeah?"
76561198158390775,Recommended,572410,32388556,Posted: 13 June,all,paper plane,"Very good game, need more player for mult"
76561197986072600,Recommended,572410,31163571,Posted: 15 April,all,Joe,I'm having problems of playing and creating battlegroups.
,Recommended,572410,31108562,Posted: 12 April,all,Pacman's Gran Fury,Game's great on it's own right. It's a interesting cross between the Close Combat mechanics - excluing the in-depth unit stats like fatigue and what not - with the faster pace of Wargame. Feels incredibly satisfying to play. Recommended.
76561198018252475,Recommended,572410,31178308,Posted: 16 April,all,VD0515,A good foundation for the successor to the wargame series. The beta is still very limited in terms of numbers of divisions and maps but very fun so far.
76561198083636434,Recommended,572410,31907820,Posted: 22 May,all,mtrefonas,fantastic!
,Recommended,572410,31907991,Posted: 22 May,all,MrTomnus,Capturing Panthers with halftracks all day everyday.
76561198034681152,Recommended,572410,31818549,Posted: 18 May,all,Sinterclair,"Its not yet finished, but its already a great game! Love the skirmish battles, watch your fontline go!Can't wait for the game to be fully released."
76561198154517764,Recommended,572410,31027132,Posted: 8 April,all,Layed Back Hawian Hitler,"THIS IS ONLY FOR THE BETAit is a really good game, the graphics are smooth, it runs smoothly and gameplay is very in depth with real life, haveing pinned down units and units falling back.the airstrike function is brilliant i just love it when your typhoon expends its rokets into a german panzer tank.however i really hope the full version has an option TO TURN GRASS OFFon mid settings the grass looks terrible and it sometimes causes lag spikes, (there is a function to turn grass off now, so this has to be one of may faverout games.)10/10 good true fun"
76561198009168795,Recommended,572410,30990837,Posted: 6 April,all,elmoro666,"steel division is a great game . Of course this is a beta with some problems but i really enjoyed it so far.One of the things that i like the most is that you can choose different division to bring on the battlefield ,each one of them with different units .slow pace compare to wargame makes it more realistic , great the idea of phases i really looking forward to play some other divisios.of course they need to polish it !"
,Recommended,572410,30994435,Posted: 7 April,all,Kraft,Wargame with a slower pace in WW2.
76561198007312425,Recommended,572410,31063271,Posted: 10 April,all,athornton78,"I'm going to give Eugen Systems the benefit of the doubt on this one. I've played all of the Wargame franchaise as well as R.U.S.E. and was moderatley interested in this when announced. The game as it stands is ok, but to me currently it is just TOO MUCH like a re-skinned Wargame or a well developed mod for said franchaise. Many of the Wargame players have begged for such a game mod for many years, and it seems Eugen were listening.The gameplay is same old same old, ""point and click"" with a little micro-management. I understand that this l a beta and this is where my hope hangs. I'm hoping that Eugen will develop the game a little bit more and add something that we haven't seen yet. Don't get me wrong, the graphics are very good and the gameplay itself is fun though frustrating at times. There are obviously bugs, my German anti-tank guns tell me they have ""no weapon"" when trying to engage some vehicles and my Panzer decided to use it machine gun against a Sherman...way to go Hanz...and I'm still wrapping my head around how many tanks, infantry etc I can actually take per stack.While in its present form there is nothing that strikes me as ""new"", the base game certainly is there and this could develop into something special. Let's just hope that happens."
76561197986265708,Recommended,572410,30986769,Posted: 6 April,all,Snubbz,"I like it,I miss RUSE. but this could be pretty good as well. I havent played that much but via AI and cant pick who you play kinda limits the fun.So I'm looking forward for the release. I think 10vs10 will be awsome. Total chaos ^^,"
76561198360470494,Recommended,572410,31925452,Posted: 23 May,all,Dragons 0351,"I like this game but there is not more than rush, then hold. Will see how the finel product lookes I did the bata."
76561198023793553,Recommended,572410,31932205,Posted: 24 May,all,facmanpob,"I bought this game at the start of the early access beta, and at the time of writing have 78 hours in game (1 day after full release). As a bit of background I am a veteran of all three of Eugen's (the developer) previous Wargame titles, and am a regular player of a number of Paradox (the publisher) titles.Overall, I am very happy with the game. The single player campaigns are reminiscent of Wargame: European Escalation, which had, in my mind, the best campaigns of all the Wargame series. Multiplayer is stable and fun, although please make sure you have a good internet connection and decent hardware! In contrast to some of the negative reviews, I have found the majority of the player base to be pretty good natured and friendly, both in game and in the forums, and there is more teamwork going on in Steel Division than there ever was in Wargame.An important thing to note is that if you are expecting perfect competitive balance between all of the divisions in the game then you will be disappointed. Eugen have taken a historical approach to the game (although there are a few gameplay allowances) so some divisions are better at certain things than others. However, I have found that EVERY division is capable of winning a game, if handled correctly.On a final note, if you are one of those casual historians who believes that German tanks were the best tanks of WW2 and could never be killed, you need to revise that belief BEFORE playing the game, otherwise you'll be very sad when your Tiger is sideshotted by a veteran M10 Tank Destroyer on its first shot!The game is fun, looks nice, rewards teamwork and good tactical play, and I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,572410,31912998,Posted: 22 May,all,Bleh Ble Bleh,"speechless, amazing game :)"
76561198083976205,Recommended,572410,31915830,Posted: 23 May,all,Half&Half,Just get it!
76561197969419332,Recommended,572410,31925329,Posted: 23 May,all,obnard02,"Yes!  Wonderful game.  I enjoyed Red Dragon and Airland Battle but personally I think this one takes the cake.  Slower paced, with more intimate and up close combat since its the olden days and units dont have extremely long range.  Cool front line dynamic.  The line of sight tool is the a great addition as well.  Excellent graphics and performance.  Interesting campaign, presented as a series of missions rather than a world map you move pieces around.  Nice job"
,Recommended,572410,31932611,Posted: 24 May,all,Sanderz,"A refined, some might say ""Nerfed"" version of Wargame-Red Dragon based in WW2. Fortunately the era allows more micro management of forces at a slower pace whilst still keeping a lot of the depth and realism the franchise is known for. Great for newcomers whilst still being familiar but fresh experience for Veterans.The Iris zoom engine is amazing and zooming in close to the action is stunning, the soundtrack is of high quality but the unit's can sound....cheesy at times. Also, I'm not a massive fan of the expanding front line or the ABC phase compared to capture zones of the previous games, but I can see why the design choice was made. Great to see Eugen is thinking outside the square and trying new things.Haven't spent much time in the campaign but it looks promising and is a throwback to their first war game, European Escalation, which I really enjoyed trying to unlock all stars & achievements. Throw in Mod support, Epic multiplayer battles (Community can be toxic at times), Battle groups management, Heaps of skirmish and Map options and you have a great RTS game you keep coming back to. To me, it is the Arma 3 of RTS."
,Recommended,572410,31934316,Posted: 24 May,all,The_Osiris,"This game makes a very good first impression. And I do like it.But after playing for a while you do realize it's bit of a meat grinder, despite that grinder having a good distribution of Rock Paper Scissors mechanics.I do think with time it's only going to get a better though. And I want to like it more despite these problems.In saying that, if you like Real Time Tactical games (pausable nearly, in single player), I do recommmend it.There's still good fun and battles to be had here, with the occasional mind blowing event."
76561198004077751,Recommended,572410,31953924,Posted: 25 May,all,Brer,"I've waited a long time for a game that I could condiser a successor the the Close Combat series, and this is it.  Is it as 'realistic' as Close Combat?  No, its not.  But Eugen follows its tradition set in the Wargame series of making a game that is both very playable and balanced while being a good apporoximation of 'reality.'If you are a history buff, a table top wargamer, a fan of Eugen's Wargame series, or just someone looking for a good tactical RTS, when SD44 is a game for you.The only critique I would make is that Eugen has not done enough to innovate with the game modes.  Conquest is much improved from Wargame, Destruction remains the same.  A hybrid of the two or a asymetrical mode (attacker/defender) would be very welcome.  I think Euguen has been rather lazy in this regard, as for years the Wargame community has brought this up to them.  But other than that SD44 is a very good game."
76561198019104711,Recommended,572410,31960708,Posted: 25 May,all,Dr.RamAThorn,"Multiplayer is hard to get a game going unless you have friends playing. No simple quick join or open server postings.As for Campaign, I wish it was longer and I wish it started off a little easier. You will have to be stratiegic to beat this game, unless there is some setting to turn difficulty down that I haven't found yet."
,Recommended,572410,32018339,Posted: 28 May,all,Dead Bones Brook,"Better than the Wargame series and also a better setting (my opinion). Easier for beginners, many cool units but not much diversity in divisions (right now).The balancing is also a bit weird at some points.... King tiger tank has lesser armor value as jumbo sherman -> WUT"
,Recommended,572410,32144569,Posted: 2 June,all,HoneyMustard III,"Its very good, however, there is a glitch in the first Boot Camp mission where the transports become glitched together or just stop moving."
76561198008013392,Recommended,572410,33615816,Posted: 17 July,all,^1<[nWo]>^4Guy2,"I have waited years for a game which provided a grand tactical approach to WW2 like this.  The phase system, front line and the line of sight make it for me.  I know some people don't like these elements but that's subjective at the end of the day.  Some MP games can be frustrating yes, but then real life is frustrating!  I've had some great games and some victories against the odds which were very satisfying.  You need to learn and practice to get the most benefit.  If you are struggling watch the many videos which are out there full of tips - I've learnt loads from Vulcan bless him.  I wish the chat and lobbies were more friendly and cooperative but that's my only gripe.  If you have an interest in WW2 and want a challenge with a RTS, give it a go."
76561197966314120,Recommended,572410,31912060,Posted: 22 May,all,Rearden,"Without a doubt, this is the best RTS I've played since COH. I always thought base building was a must have feature but I find the deck system refreshing and think I might even prefer it to traditional RTS mechanics. It keeps the focus on the front lines. The interval between resource injections means you have some time to think about your next moves, but more importantly, frees up 95% of your time to maneuovre your troops without worrying that your economy is falling behind. Units have logical roles and it takes a true combined arms effort to be sucessful. I tried Wargame: Red Dragon a year or so ago, but didn't really get into it. It could just be that the historical context of WWII is more appealing to me, but I think there is also something to be said for the pace and scale of the WWII setting and equipment that lends itself to better gameplay and makes it much more accessible than Eugen's previous games."
,Recommended,572410,31925108,Posted: 23 May,all,HotDogEatingChampion,"Great culmination of the positives of the Wargame series and lessons learned along the way. Engaging, simple, but nuanced battles allowing multiple tactics, army compositions, and rewarding firefights. Attention to historical accuracy is the cherry on top. A must try for any RTS or WW2 fans."
,Recommended,572410,31925380,Posted: 23 May,all,FatzMcGeezack,"Question: Do you like any of the other Wargames? Yes? Well then you're going to LOVE this one.Excellent Devs, actually listen to the community. Also, they just make damn good RTS'"
76561198029918840,Recommended,572410,31948437,Posted: 25 May,all,00raiser,"So I previously posted this as a negative review (see below for original post), where I basically said its a great game but the entry level servers are just too unstable, and the promise I'll change my review if they fixed it, so ta daaaa!!!Also, just adding in something for those that keep complaining about the fact AA can't shoot down planes. This game HEAVILY emphasises realism, and I'd like to see any of you in real life using an AA gun, hitting a plane that's moving across your view at almost the same speed as your bullets.----------ORIGINAL REVIEW----------DISCLAIMER: I do consider this to be a super awesome game, coming from a long time paradox fan and games like warthunder and arma, mechanics of the game basically ticks every box for me. But considering there's 1200+ reviews with ""very positive"", I feel like some glaring problems needs to be pointed out.Firstly, if you the sort of person enjoyrealistic war games and want to pound AIs or you got a bunch of mates to always play with, this is probably a 10/10 game for you, go buy it.However, there is a huge problem if you are new comer to the genre and dont want to be thrown into the deep end of pvp. Let me explain, the quick play search takes forever to match you, so everyone just manually look for rooms to join. If you join one of the player rooms for 4v4 or 3v3... chances are you gon get rekt by people who is playing with their mates or just know more about their strats than you.To help with this, eugen did came up with the great idea of setting up official server rooms that offer 10v10, so you can feel less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for letting your team down, while learning the ropes of pvp, and here lies the problem, I have a i5 3570+16GB ram+gtx970+100mb/s internet (not top of the line by any means but the decent average set up you'd expect most gamers who cant dish out 1000 bucks to run) and still I have never made it to the end of phase b (about half of the total matchtime for peeps never seen this game) before i get kicked by the server, and there is no way for you to reconnect.So in summary, I'm happy to come back and change the review once the issue of 10v10 has been sorted out or they think of some better ways of making new comers play fair-ish match ups.Peace!EDIT 26/05: As people can see in the comments, the developers have found the problem and given me the good old ""we have our best people working as hard as they can to get back to you as soon as possible "" always appreciate that :P so I might change my review whenever that's been done :)"
76561198066234224,Recommended,572410,31925530,Posted: 23 May,all,WTF IS A TINY(idontplaytiny),my king tiger once retreated into enemy fire and got side shotted 10/10
,Recommended,572410,31953820,Posted: 25 May,all,Scipio_Africanus,"Update: The game works on my laptop, although the laptop is underpowered, so I have to run on lowest settings. A few framerate drops, but not too bad considering. The mechanics of the game are interesting. I'll update it more later. It adds a lot of depth from my past foray with R.U.S.E.. I never tried the other games though.Past problems:Game is broken. Crashes on startup 100 percent of the time. How they managed to release it with this bug is beyond me.8 GB RAM, Windows 10 Pro, Nvidia Geforce GTX 275 graphics card, AMD Athlon II X3 450 Processor, 3211 Mhz, 3 Core, 3 logical processors."
,Recommended,572410,30987875,Posted: 6 April,all,Captain Chris 70th,Another game where I get trashed by the AI but at least the visuals and gameplay exceed expectations for a pre-rel.6/5 will get trashed again
76561198007478899,Recommended,572410,31573579,Posted: 5 May,all,GI Go Home,"Great game whether you are a RTS fan or just have an interest in WW II. You build your deck from one of 18 divisions present at Normandy recreated using the historical TO&E. At any one time you probably control what amount to a small battalion of infantry, tanks, artillery, and even air support. Maps are great and were apparently created using aerial photos of the battlefields as they appeared in WW II. I think the game excels at capturing the spirit of the hedgerow fighting where every field and every hedgerow was turned into a small fortress. Learning to properly  reconnoiter, manage line of sight, and employ combined arms is essential. You can micro as much as you want; not as much as in a squad based tactics game, but your units can survive on their own without needing to constantly babysit them. Firefights look and sound gorgeous, zoom in on a fight and turn your volume up, you won't regret it. There should be three campaigns to play offline and I think the AI is a noticeable step up from Wargame's.Cons:Needs further optimization could run smoother, but it is a beta and improvements are in the works.Running the game can be a heavy load on you processor, however mine is only clocked at 2.4ghz, but I can still run the game on high settings.Final opinion: Some of the best fun I've had in a long time and one of the best RTS I have ever played, even though it's still in beta."
76561198079393093,Recommended,572410,31560939,Posted: 5 May,all,=DRK= Fjumpis,Veary fun game.It is a dream comming true with a wargame that is world war 2 and it is realy well done.
76561198384390669,Recommended,572410,31573581,Posted: 5 May,all,VonManstein,"great game, really excited for future content. Just needs some balancing and a bit of polish before relase"
76561198165834579,Recommended,572410,31686842,Posted: 11 May,all,TheRedBar0n,"I only have about 10 hours on the game, but it was the best $60 I've spent on a game ever!!  The game mechanics are excellent and the AI gives you real challenge, even on Easy mode.  The models are incredibly detailed and I spend a lot of time simply admiring the vehicles.  This has to be one of, if not the, best WW2 game ever created."
76561197990042273,Recommended,572410,31508334,Posted: 2 May,all,DaretoDie,Enjoying this game a lot.  Really looking forward to the rest of the divisions on full release.
76561198014241544,Recommended,572410,31691266,Posted: 11 May,all,wooaa,"As of now the game is a tone of fun. Unlike most RTS games there is not a lot of base building, you set up your ""deck"" of units for you to use, and you win by capturing and holding more than half of the map for a period of time. The game is rather well balanced, with each unit having its time and place, and in order to turly win this game you need to master combined arms warfare.  You can have a king tiger tank, but if you send it off blindly into a headgrow a couple of yanks with a rocket launcher will turn your massive point investment into a pile of scrap. If you send your footman into battle with out anti tank wepons or artilry cover, they will all die quickly."
76561198058814279,Recommended,572410,32776432,Posted: 25 June,all,[TFX] Jack London,The more I play it the more depth and small things that I really enjoy. there is a lot of variety in the units and divisions and the 3 gameplay stages make a nice progression
,Recommended,572410,31022529,Posted: 8 April,all,Alpha One,"This is Wargame: WW2 Edition, which honestly would have been enough for me, but they've also added several things that are absolutely fantastic. The graphics and sound are great, the new units are fun (everybody has a couple of favourite tanks or planes from WW2), but the biggest thing for me is the Frontline system. I absolutely thought, after seeing development streams and whatnot, that this was a bad idea, and that since the line moves whether you have recon or not, it would ruin the element of stealth. What it actually does is make the entire battlefield equally valuable, so if you're up against a tough enemy dug into a fortification you don't need to fight him on his terms. You can bomb him, or surround him (being isolated in a pocket severely hurts your Morale, which is even more important than health in this game), pound him with artillery, burn him out with flamethrowers... it just opens up the battlefield and makes the entire match feel much more ""organic"" (as much as I hate to use that word) and natural.There are balance issues at the moment of this writing - AA doesn't do enough damage, American half-tracks are too resistant to morale damage, etc - but with a month and a bit left to go to release I believe they'll sort it out. If you're into Wargame, WW2 or just plain strategy games this is a safe bet."
,Not Recommended,572410,31021960,Posted: 8 April,all,ToxiGhost,"For me personally it failed to capture that fun factor of the Wargame series, both graphically and gameplay-wise. The unit selection was quite sparse, I wasn't keen on the battle stage system (A,B,C) which restricts which units you can use during certain phases of each match, and the graphics/explosion effects felt underwhelming and small.Is it a bad game? Well no probably not, but it's alot slower paced and features less content and eye candy than the Wargame series, and for those reasons I didn't like it and have requested a refund.Summary:Underwhelming, but may appeal to fans of slower paced, more structured tactical gameplay.EDIT: Corrected typos. If people are going to keep getting triggered, may aswell keep the grammar nazi's happy! (The game has very positive reviews, it's doing fine, but that doesn't change my opinion based on my experience).If it's so good, why are you going through reviews on steam instead of playing it? Just saying."
76561198007620051,Not Recommended,572410,32050274,Posted: 29 May,all,MrEd12345,"Feels like a major step back from the Wargame series. Cartoony,  an invasive interface, amateurish design choices in the menus and UI, awful voice acting. The campaign is nothing but a series of missions with no particular connecting thread. Of course MP is going to be the big thing, but why cut yourself off from a larger audience?Feels half-finished, at best."
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,572410,31958256,Posted: 25 May,all,Edgewalker,"Multiplayer experience :""You've been disconnected from the server""""You've been disconnected from the server""""You've been disconnected from the server""Perhaps it's great when it works, can't tell.Single player experience:Utterly dissapointing. 3 ""campaigns"" 4 missions each. As I play Allies only I substract 4 German missions, so it gives me 8 missions total. Doesn't matter cause I gave up on them already. They are just glorified skirmishes with some secondary objectives. Micromanagement hell in its prime.Overall:I was expecting another great Wargame in a different setting. Sadly it's a different game, much much worse then its predecessors.And why the graphics are so ugly when Red Dragon was such an eye candy?"
76561197960291194,Not Recommended,572410,31975177,Posted: 26 May,all,pilen,"I loved Close combat, I liked Wargame and I enjoyed Ruse. Allthough it's more of a merge of the first two, it doesn't live up to the current ratings imo.The first campaign mission took me 44min to complete. I still (after playing EA) have trouble navigating and learning the short keys for all commands but that could be me getting old.Anyway, I find the smallest things annoying, e.g. how to place your guys in cover. Some parts of the woods is green cover, and one pixel next to it it's no cover. The pathfinding and how slow it updates (don't turn down time it will take that into calculation too), and don't get me started on disembarking your vehicles. All these things add upp to alot of frustration; and this in the middle of trying to control 30+ units that are getting shot at from every angle.Don't get me wrong, I did have some cool moments but right after the first mission I was like ""Should I go online or play another campaign mission""? and I didn't feel like any. I've played this type of game before and it delivers very little new.That's my two cents. Not a bad game, just didn't do it for mebut I kept thinking of all types of improvements that would have made this a much better game. It jus"
76561198008401598,Not Recommended,572410,32136046,Posted: 2 June,all,humdrumbarrel6,"Being the squad leader for about 20 squads at any given time makes it hard to be efficient.  Basically, to be effective you end up throwing troops at the enemy in a frantic frenzy as you try to fill gaps before the very limited time runs out. If you like visually stimulating versions of Wack-a-Mole that are shadowed by the constantly zooming out to try and keep track of your units s[read across miles of terrain giving it a more turn based strategy feel, then this is the game for you."
76561198006523715,Not Recommended,572410,33646547,Posted: 19 July,all,Firecicle,"The difficulty of the AI doesnt allow for a fun gameplay.  With the campaign, the lowest setting is ""medium"".  With the way the game plays on medium, I find it much more stressful than fun.  I wish they made the AI more reasonably matched with a greater variety of difficulty levels.  At this point, I really can't recommend the game if just doing one player battles is an appeal to someone.One of my main gripes from a technical point is that you have to keep a constant eye on your troops because they will do some really dumb moves that just don't make sense. Because you have to keep such a close eye on one part of the map, the comp just rolls through you on another part."
,Not Recommended,572410,34086603,Posted: 7 August,all,w a v e  m e g  a,"Pretty much done playing this now. Really good concept with really bad design choices. Infantry is only good for spam so the meta is heavily leaned torwards cheap infantry, anti tank guns, mortars or air spam. Tanks are pretty much useless on their own and only good for supporting infantry, which means tank divisions are some of the weakest in my time  playing. Ive had much more sucess spaming mortars and infantry since its extremely hard to counter off map artillery. After that its time to spam air units. GG EZ. I wish I could micro but your unit AI is hot garbage and microing just gets units killed with no trade. Its so much easier to just throw more units at problems than smoke.And that ladies and gentleman, is this games problem. Theres just a couple """"""good"""""" ways to play it. Its not realistic, its not rewarding, its not that fun. Infantry combat varies from pinned down to full retreat after a couple of shots and a mortar strike. Theres no fuel or infantry unit replacement so you can circle the map with any vehicle as long as it isnt destroyed with no penalty. theres no way to replenish resources. Theres no dynamic campaign. Just skirmishes with omniscient or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI depending on difficulty , a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥campaign, and a dying multiplayer component. I wanted to like this game but its getting uninstalled. sorry."
76561198009159152,Not Recommended,572410,32161626,Posted: 3 June,all,OliverJ,"It's kind of fun, but the high level of micro-management is poorly balanced with the too fast game speed.  The fun gets lost in the stress.I'll keep playing it for a while since it's too late for a refund, but I wouldn't buy it again."
76561198010787922,Recommended,572410,31581725,Posted: 6 May,all,Firstfelix,Awesome game even at beta stage. Scale and mechanics better than Wargame. Amazingly feels balanced even at beta stage.
,Recommended,572410,31885377,Posted: 21 May,all,Coyotl,"Awesome.I play games mostly in offline mode and according to my wife I have over a 100hrs in this game. That said, and I know it's not released yet, I think I still have a few hundred more to go.It's Paradox's and Eugen's love child, what could go wrong? There were a lot of worries among we Wargame players, and thankfully it's taken the best of both. The fun gameplay of Wargame with none of the cheap spam tactics. There is a good, asymetrical counter to everything.The new mechanics, the frontline and phases all really help with gameplay and immersion.Finally, and possibly best of all, historical accuracy is spot on. German tanks are like other tanks, their infantry is mostly conscripts, their equipment from whatever they could scrounge. If you're expecting Company of Heroes level superhuman Germans in all their Nazi-apologetic glory, you will cry and whine about this game. The Sherman is not made of paper armor and watching a 17 pounder anti-tank gun rip through a Koingstiger is probably one of the best moments possible in the game.Definately my favorite RTS, it has set the bar for the genre."
76561197970948856,Not Recommended,572410,32604523,Posted: 20 June,all,Aaron,"This is a great and fun game but the bottem lone is that every time I end a battle it crashes my computer. I have a 4th gen i7 and a new graphics card, this should not happen with correctly updated drivers. when this game is patched or fixed I will re-review."
76561198026554788,Recommended,572410,31831876,Posted: 18 May,all,Lightning Dust,"spotty balance and still only really uses the cancerous lobbies that make red dragon such a hard game to enjoy, but there is a real gem beneath the surface of this underwhelming RTS."
,Recommended,572410,32049861,Posted: 29 May,all,QueenJade,"Such an amazing game! probably the best RTS that i have ever played. The AI is even an actual challenge too, probably the best AI i have ever gone against when playing skirmish."
76561198086946948,Recommended,572410,35096219,Posted: 20 September,all,Green Jacket,It took me a while to learn and like this game. After a few hours I got the hang of it and liked it a lot.ProsGood graphics.Good AI. I mostly play skirmish.Good single player.Played one online match and had no issues.Good balance.Good number of diffrant divisions.Free Polish and Free French army is in it.Cool line of sight tools.ConsCant repair damaged vehicles.Air units could be a little better anganst armored vehicles.Animations could be a little better.Rifles and LMGs should have the same range.Tanks should be able to go through forrest and hedgerows.
76561198002645754,Not Recommended,572410,34393106,Posted: 21 August,all,JotmangDdongmang,this game is dead. thier playerbase is fallen. and nothing hope to better. devs don`t care their game.
76561197960840911,Not Recommended,572410,34212707,Posted: 13 August,all,notyouraveragepineapple,"DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT TO PLAY MULTIPLAYER, no working fix at the formus 2 months after release a lot of struggle to connect and both paradox and eugen seems to not give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Feels like i just threw away 40euro."
76561198087727087,Not Recommended,572410,34205142,Posted: 12 August,all,[HAN]PzKpfw VI,"I can not use mod and can not play skimish science very long time ago, l am week to  play with other players, so now i can not play any more and i just want to take my money back. this is a good game but i can not play any more."
,Recommended,572410,30976415,Posted: 6 April,all,★TaNGoDK★,Most Awsome game i have ever played :D
76561198007326598,Recommended,572410,31012943,Posted: 8 April,all,The Glorious leader,very good game.
,Recommended,572410,31918014,Posted: 23 May,all,karbafox,Why there is no release of the game ??? Why there are no Russian subtitles ???.. a long time ago on May 23 (((
76561198029184162,Recommended,572410,31942304,Posted: 24 May,all,Wolfbane,"God damn the british tanks suck. It's a nice game, makes me feel like a general."
76561198009802417,Recommended,572410,32009609,Posted: 27 May,all,Qmicic,"It's like Close Combat. Except bigger, deeper and better. Great strategy/RTS game. Campaign is hard and can be frustrating for new players. I suggest starting with skirmish against very easy AI and increase difficulty when you get familiar with mechanics. Then after you get gewd do the campaign."
76561197970961690,Recommended,572410,32006811,Posted: 27 May,all,pösmunk,What I have been waiting for since Close Combat 3.
,Recommended,572410,32238104,Posted: 7 June,all,Darkireland,This games hard as fug but its alot of fun reminds me of the old microsoft games close combat from back in the dayGl fighting tigers and tiger 2s
76561198019717190,Recommended,572410,31727303,Posted: 13 May,all,Rappin for Jesus,All my Units got killed by artillery or planes... 10/10
,Recommended,572410,31923515,Posted: 23 May,all,Laissez Faire,Best WW2 strategy game in a long time.
76561197970773711,Recommended,572410,32872484,Posted: 27 June,all,SaOk,The bestest RTS.
76561198006619161,Recommended,572410,31882749,Posted: 21 May,all,Baby Mr. Krabs,A true successor to the Wargame franchise. It improves upon so many complaints from ALB and RD. Divisions have flavour and each deck plays differently. Highly recommend.
,Not Recommended,572410,35414377,Posted: 2 October,all,Hofstadter,"The simple reason I cannot reccomend this game is due to carry over losses.This is the concept that any units you lose in a previous mission are not carried over, in free flowing games such as total war, this works, but with set levels, its a TERRIBLE concept.The multiplayer is fantastic, that is where the gameplay should come from. But for single player, dont even bother."
76561197999197795,Recommended,572410,35237714,Posted: 27 September,all,GodsMantle,The game I have been looking for with the right mix of macro level strategy and micro level tactics all in a beautiful bundle! Little micro heavy though... But still great!
76561198119349046,Recommended,572410,30999194,Posted: 7 April,all,USMC202,Very good game!! Nice Job!
76561198091547612,Recommended,572410,31070048,Posted: 10 April,all,Franz von Væterland,Wargame: 1944 with Historical Accurate symbols.Feeling like killing real NAZIs.Need stalinnium
,Recommended,572410,31019686,Posted: 8 April,all,[9de]KyleNL,I think this game is very good.I think its very good because:- IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH R.U.S.E.- the rest is all goodThank you for reading.P.S. And stop with comparing this game with FLIPPING R.U.S.E. know-it-all kids.
76561198257097081,Not Recommended,572410,31174350,Posted: 16 April,all,mcrd9599.mike,"their should be no reason for this to run so damn slow. i click on tabs, and their is at least a five second delay. at least 8 times it asked me if i wanted to close. i cut everything down to lowest video setting and it just would not run. I am uninstalling it and putting it on my external hard drive. I dont think it will make a difference, but we will see. if it doesnt work i will want my money back. $40 dollars for a♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I have Wargame, and it works flawless on my desktop....damn i was so excited for this game."
,Recommended,572410,31200497,Posted: 17 April,all,FlimsyPike,Its good enough for me to bother give it a positive review.
76561198201560343,Recommended,572410,31966749,Posted: 25 May,all,daniel.furnell,i though this waas going to be more of a c and c but its complitly better 10 out of 10 i would recomend this to any rts player if u like war and managment games this is it recomened
76561198070711431,Recommended,572410,33642858,Posted: 18 July,all,Panzermensch,"""Glory Glory What a Helluva Way To Die"" - EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING SOLDIER FOR THE US10/10 would die to an army of osstruppen again"
76561197992722681,Recommended,572410,31913209,Posted: 22 May,all,Wilson,"New frontline mechanic is great, and the Wargame series gameplay has been translated really nicely to a WW2 setting. The division based deck-building and escalating phases also bring a lot to the game and open up opportunities for some lower quality vehicles to still be actually usable.In my experience any issues with gameplay mechanics or balance are generally minor and don't ruin the game in any way. Looking forward to the release!"
,Recommended,572410,31926057,Posted: 23 May,all,Farnese,Amazing 10/10
76561197999393213,Recommended,572410,31971895,Posted: 26 May,all,Dreadweasel,"It is a great game.  HOWEVER a big issue with the early build remains balance.  Once German armies have access to Tigers, King Tigers and Flak 88mm cannons they are guaranteed a grinding victory as the allies have little way to really respond to a KT push by the various Pz Lehr/ 21st panzer forces."
,Recommended,572410,31928915,Posted: 23 May,all,McBeef,An improvement over Wargame Airland Battle in almost every way.
,Recommended,572410,33268187,Posted: 5 July,all,Habs,buy it
,Recommended,572410,32036938,Posted: 29 May,all,Hype,"Just buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198006888073,Recommended,572410,32035605,Posted: 28 May,all,Six Sticks,"I suck at it, but the game is good."
,Recommended,572410,32033887,Posted: 28 May,all,Lathan,Wargame+WW2= Best game ever
,Recommended,572410,30973288,Posted: 5 April,all,[LH] Space Bat,"This is exactly what I wanted: A wargame that nails the playstyle of those titles but also nails the WWII atmosphere. The only gripe, and this is nitpicking on my part. The ONLY gripe I have about this game are the airplanes. We're used to jets being instantaneous and responsive to orders. The planes feel odd, almost like instead of planes they are potatoes on roller skates. If they can actually make them feel like planes and not that, I'll be 100%. Excellent work, Eugen!"
76561198069018238,Recommended,572410,32041510,Posted: 29 May,all,Panzer,Glad the cancer chat from wargame is in this as well.
76561197981528790,Recommended,572410,33644655,Posted: 18 July,all,Fallschrimjager6th,I cant get it to allow me to play multiplayer.
76561197961841307,Recommended,572410,31755014,Posted: 14 May,all,d33r.hunter,"Still needs to be balanced, but the developers have a history of excellent and ongoing support. Highly recommened in terms of unit accuracy, terrain interactivity and modelling, flow of battle, overall depth of tactical play."
,Recommended,572410,31713263,Posted: 12 May,all,Ev1lsp00n,Yes!!Yes!!Yes!!
,Recommended,572410,31593445,Posted: 6 May,all,XRayl,"Eugen Systems have done it again, after R.U.S.E and Wargame comes the next superb RTS Title."
76561198007266319,Recommended,572410,31744696,Posted: 14 May,all,WRichter,Remind me Close Combat.... but in better !
76561198026323472,Recommended,572410,31755754,Posted: 14 May,all,Dad,"Pretty solid game, lots of fun and I'm sure it will only get better with more battle groups. A lot of the negative reviews and complaints don't understand the tactics needed int he game (e.g Smoke, supressing fire etc). If you enjoy RTS games and them being during WW2 this is definitely the game for you."
76561198007042504,Recommended,572410,33706885,Posted: 21 July,all,Strike11B,"I think this game is amazing. I don't have as much time as some people but I have played the other wargame games and this by far the best so far. It plays just like the other games but with the addition of phases(A,B,C). Your income changes as the phases change. So say your playing the 101st Airborne your income would look like this A-100,B-105, and C-120. I believe it fixes some peoples complaints of rushes and super heavy spam. The only issue to date is the same problem most games have and thats balancing but even thats not that bad. Overall I do love the game and would recommend this if you enjoyed the other wargame titles and are looking to either get away from the modern era or just something new."
76561198104185006,Recommended,572410,31921441,Posted: 23 May,all,jordangault93,"This game is probably ones of the most difficult RTS games i have played in a very long time. The AI even thinks for its self, changing its own tatics."
76561198007613867,Recommended,572410,34172554,Posted: 11 August,all,Death Dealer,like
76561198253846554,Recommended,572410,34429874,Posted: 22 August,all,acur1231,"This game is a very good Real Time Strategy, although as usual in these games the Germans are much more OP than they were in real life. However, it is definately worth getting. Many complain about the steep learning curve, but you can practice fairly well be playing as allies vs very easy Germans, with some hard or very hard allied AI helping you(The AI tends to do Allied better, especially on hard and very hard). When you first go into multiplayer, you should play Germans since their tanks in particular are much better than any allied tank, and thus you do not need to worry about your tanks being sniped at long range.Therefore, I would advise you to get the game due to the mechanics such as the frontlines mechanic, however, if you are new to the game, I advise you to either play with the AI or to jump right into multiplayer with the Germans(the easy mode, I never play German)."
76561198030884517,Recommended,572410,30971274,Posted: 5 April,all,asaphx,really great so far
,Recommended,572410,35354685,Posted: 30 September,all,Paul,"Some of the reviews I read said it was even harder than the 3rd Wargame (Red Dragon) - which nearly put me off, I've found that so hard after repeated attempts it's just damage control!All based on the campaign game: Tanks don't need fuel anymore, and you don't need to control zones to recieve the points or use the re-inforcing areas. I think the fuel is a bit of a shame, don't miss having to defend lots of stupid places for cmmd points though!Reinforcements come in waves now which get released and when you pick items it's much more interesting, fewer good units earlier in each battle.I can't work out the line of sights as well as the AI, but I'm getting the hang of it."
,Recommended,572410,30980863,Posted: 6 April,all,pinkBrood,"RUSE meets the good parts of Wargame, but minus the ruses :D only played for 45 minutes but it was good :D"
,Recommended,572410,31320973,Posted: 23 April,all,Gnabbla,"If you liked wargame, this can be seen as a truly successor with some improvements and some new interesting mechanics like the dynamic front line."
76561198008146676,Recommended,572410,31304641,Posted: 22 April,all,Waldo,I enjoy this game. I have studied WW2 for about 20 years so enjoy anything related to it. However (and I hope this is only because it is beta) the sides are not balanced well at all. The German battlegroup stats are just worse than their allied equivelents. It seems like we are working with mostly support type divisions on the German side that are good only for mulitplayer and not as an army in itself.The game seems fairly simplistic in its goals but has a steep learning curve hampered by its unbalanced divisions that are available.It is a good game and  a good German player can beat Allied players of lesser skill but the deck is literally stacked against them at this point. Two players of fairly equal skill playing each other the Allied player will always win. They have more range more armor piercing and higher armor ratings. Playing as the Allies feels like entering a cheat code.
76561198278453774,Recommended,572410,31310511,Posted: 22 April,all,Joseph Stalin,Its like Rome total war (the original) and Men of War Assault sqaud 2 had a child 10/10
76561198380149265,Recommended,572410,31179410,Posted: 16 April,all,Mango wo tabemasu,"If only wargame had battles this huge, I would have loved it as much. Unit AI and unit management is also a step up from the previous game."
76561198026401203,Recommended,572410,31902136,Posted: 22 May,all,Mortifa,"Wow, this game is a lot of fun.The more you explore the more you get out of this game and this is in beta.Commanding your trooops is smoothly done.Enjoy."
,Recommended,572410,31813859,Posted: 17 May,all,✯I Purge The Fool☭,This game Is a ton of fun If you're into RTS! Reminds me of R.U.S.E! The graphics are quite nice and the game runs really smooth. I haven't faced any crashes or anything and overall seems to run well. Really involves alot of strategy In order to play decently.
,Recommended,572410,31238905,Posted: 19 April,all,Skaar,10/10
,Recommended,572410,30976863,Posted: 6 April,all,Simulacra_53,"The premise is good, but the approach and subsequent developments are not - at least not from a wargaming perspective.Gameplay experience and patches are all based on competative RTS balancing, not historical realism. Opposing forces are modelled to be balanced not realistic. There is nothing wrong with an attempt to bring in balance in multiplayer scenatios - under certain conditions - you can achieve that by the cost of units while maintaining realistic modeling. However that's unfortunately not the way it is being done in SDN44. Sure there is some cost model involved, but the main balancing mechanism is on the unit level - by adjusting fighting power.So SDN44 ends up as a failure if judged as a wargame, but a success as a competative RTS with a historical flavor, it ends up being the BF1 of wargames.Recommended as a RTS, but not really if you are into wargames."
76561198063726782,Recommended,572410,31285773,Posted: 21 April,all,BlueSilk,"Good game, Finding it better then the other wargame titles"
,Recommended,572410,31259937,Posted: 20 April,all,Tasker 2016,NAZI TEAM CHOKE LOL
,Recommended,572410,31288739,Posted: 21 April,all,Stop,Its okay
76561198006602661,Recommended,572410,31912315,Posted: 22 May,all,Caiadin,its looking to be a great game and cant wait to try the solo stories to see how they turn out
76561197978050505,Recommended,572410,31910059,Posted: 22 May,all,Arglebargle III,This game is pretty good. It is an extension of the Wargame engine and gameplay with more detailed and morale and economy systems.
76561198007106265,Recommended,572410,31924290,Posted: 23 May,all,Tj Rome,"Solid offering from the makers of Wargame Airland Battle.  If you enjoy Company of Heros or other real time strategy games, I highly recommend this game."
76561198038743200,Recommended,572410,31925135,Posted: 23 May,all,Singularity,One word to describe this game... simply fun.
,Recommended,572410,31931462,Posted: 24 May,all,SSGT Paingod,Come for the Wargame style tactical combatStay for♥♥♥♥♥♥blasted Wehraboos angery that the Sherman is able to roll over Tigers and Panthers
,Recommended,572410,31929171,Posted: 23 May,all,Stealthhunter444,This games graphics and movement controls are very good I didn't have any problems regarding command controls at all. My only real complaint was pretty small where there were four flashing lights on my screen which must have been a bug I tried skirmish but there were the same square flashing lights on my screen. Has anyone else seen this happen and if so how did you fix it?
76561198000751209,Recommended,572410,31949473,Posted: 25 May,all,Jubblator,"This game was better then expected. With its  very indepth system and grand size allowing for very very complex battles to take place, beautifully crafted and not that expensive (i would have expected a title at this level of polish to cost 60euro).There is a lot to learn, strategise and overall just watch as the troops go at it."
76561197967854295,Recommended,572410,30992901,Posted: 7 April,all,JesterOC,"Played 2  games. Very fun so far. The moving border is fantastic really helps summarize the state of the battlefield.Helps me avoid fixating too much on one battle, at the cost of the rest of the battle."
,Recommended,572410,30970921,Posted: 5 April,all,Booker,"Phenominal combination of both wargame and ruse with intuitive gameplay if you're a veteran of either game.  Would like to be able to see player stats in lobby while queued up, but probably can't see them because they'll be reset a time or two.If you like Wargame and binge watch Netflix WW2 documentaries you definately won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,572410,31007600,Posted: 7 April,all,MattBlueshift,YESSSSSS!!!!!!!
,Recommended,572410,31925259,Posted: 23 May,all,sheepdog2142,Overall the game feel good if you are playing the allies. The decks are fun to build the units are not half bad and the overall premis of the game is a solid fondation.However First the graphics are much worse than Wargame Red Dragon the last game this studio made. The balance is horribly off. The Allies easily tower over the Axis from tanks to planes. A single US half track will constantly shoot down a BF109 while 6 Geapard AAs will almost never route a Ally aircraft before it drops its payload. The balance on the tanks are just as bad. A jumbo sherman will almost always win against a tiger or panther.  The balance can be fixed with some work so its not that bad.In conclusion as long as you play allies this game is pretty awsome. If you play axis dont expect to win many games.
76561198018345517,Recommended,572410,32812796,Posted: 26 June,all,Kenshusei Richard,"Lets start off with the basics, This is a very good game.The idea is that you are a general of an army division. You have to select what troops to take into combat, how to deploy them and how best to use them. The resources you have are limited and the idea of a Zerg Rush simply isn't a possibility. each unit is mostly historically accurate and is organised into a realistic sized squad. As such, you need to actually think and develop strategy, not just counter-deploy weapons as in other RTS. This is the thinking mans game!This game does a number of things very well. One mechanic I like very much is the deployment time idea. In other RTS games, when you deploy a unit it either spawns at a base and slogs to where it’s needed or just “magically” appears at your desired location- not here. Each unit comes with a transport, more often than not a truck. You have to allow time and a safe passage for that transport to get to where it is actually needed and allow your troops to get out of said truck.  This means you need to think about the front line, the reserve line, supply lines, being flanked and how you deploy your units where you think is best. It makes the game more in depth and forces you to consider may aspects when deploying troops.Another excellent mechanic is the phase system. The battle is divided into 3 phases, separated by a timer. Phase A is typically light vehicles deployment, recon and basic infantry. Phase B often sees artillery included as well as tank destroyers and phase C is the heaviest stuff your army has. This system, whilst berated by some who don’t appreciate thoughtful games, simply stops players from just spamming panzers and romping all over the map- It stops the “whoever has the most armour wins” exploit that is so common in other games.  After all, a phase C heavy tank can be knocked out by a phase A 6lb  anti-tank gun. It also means that players must use all of their units in a successful way.Officers play a good role here too. Instead of being some macho, uber elite bullet sponge of a unit, they are actually just as standard in fighting as your most basic infantry. What they do well however is to buff all nearby stats for resilience and accuracy for your other units. This means that units led by officers are much hardier and can hit harder than others. The officer group also tends to carry anti-tank missiles for short range, meaning that infantry are a serious threat to tanks that get close.This game is also very mod friendly- meaning that you can adapt it as you like and the community has already created hundreds of mods to allow this game to expand.The last word of praise for this game would be the length of battles. In some games such as DOW etc, games can last for as little as 5 minutes (usually as the space marines just roll over you or the elder spam you with banshees). Here games last upwards of an hour and the tide can often be turned by small actions that you thought were insignificant. Leaving units on the front line too long depletes their supplies of ammunition, making them less effective over time. To replenish the ammo, you need supply runners such as ammo trucks- again this harks back to the supply lines that you should have kept open if you were thinking about what you were doing.However, this game does have some serious flaws. To me they are nothing game breaking  but they are niggles and problems non the less.The first major flaw is that the AXIS seem to have far superior units. In all games I have played, they have been more accurate, faster moving, more resilient and generally “better” at everything. An American anti tank gun identifies a target at extreme range and takes 4 shells to knock the tank out- the Germans can one shot it.  A British rifles group is suppressed by an MG after 6 seconds, German troops can weather the storm for 20. Canadian storm troopers outnumber and attack a German house resulting in close combat- the Germans win. For some reason, the axis seem to be rather OP at time of writing and this tends to hamper online games.Line of sight doesn’t match up. There have been instances where unit A has opened fire on unit B, but unit B won’t fire back because they have no line of sight. Last I checked, light and bullets travel in straight lines and as such, if they can see you, you can see them. I’m not sure why this happens, but it happens more often than I am comfortable with.My final problem that I would like to see addressed is that of the AI. Put frankly, it cheats. Enemy artillery knows exactly where your artillery is parked and fires on them- even when there is no possible way that they can be seen. Your hidden troops are targeted by artillery “blind firing” or “area bombarding” with pin- point accuracy. Out of the 500m long forest, it just happens to shell the 20m that my troops are occupying. Hand that… The enemy bombers will target your officers on the way to the front, despite the fact that they are about 4km from the front line and there is no way that they could have been seen by the enemy.In conclusion, solid game. Well polished, excellent to play. Some faults, but nothing hugely major, no matter how infuriating. I would recommend this game at full price as frankly if you’re an RTS fan, you’ll like its complexity and depth.If you’re more of an action player, this game may still be for you, but wait until it goes on sale."
76561198070867146,Recommended,572410,32076563,Posted: 30 May,all,DvChappelle,good game german armor is a bit op tho
76561198086458369,Recommended,572410,31797774,Posted: 16 May,all,MeetMyM1,"So I currently have crossfire 280X with an i7 4970k and I can barely get to 40 frames in this game on medium. The system requirements are either too low or this game is just optimized poorly. Does anyone have any ways around this to increase frames? Besides that this game is great. Im a huge fan of the wargame series and when this game came out I knew I had to buy it, it plays a lot like wargame."
76561198008661736,Recommended,572410,32855175,Posted: 27 June,all,lampy,Best strategy game ive played.
76561198019734718,Recommended,572410,32876189,Posted: 27 June,all,Esonub,one of the best RTS games i ever played. i thought wargame was awsome ... no ... the is awsome !!! =D get it and get ready to command!
,Recommended,572410,31873124,Posted: 20 May,all,Dapac,"Excellent new entry to Wargame Series. I especially appreciate the more ""suspensfull"" pace of the game, as well as the new mechanics to handle stress, cover, commanders. Great evolution."
,Not Recommended,572410,33684839,Posted: 20 July,all,Lion Heart,it plays like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wargame escalation. not worth £15 let alone £34. it does some interesting things but its really not enough
,Recommended,572410,31908706,Posted: 22 May,all,OctaMurk,Smash Wehraboos and drink alt-reich tears as your endless streams of Ronsons pour across the French landscape10/10
76561198052735862,Not Recommended,572410,32037927,Posted: 29 May,all,SirDrinksalot,"Steam reviews seem to be difficult due to the huge variance in expendable income so one persons value is different to anothers, I will try and make a value for money call.So there is a nice boot camp to learn the basics but its no different controlls to any other game of this type.The system of picking your battlegroup is easy BUT it would be better if it saved your last choice so you didnt have to choose the whole group again if you want to tweak it.Now I am only 3 missions in and will still play it but it hasnt ""grabbed"" me.I Lost the first mission of the campaign and turned it off. I then thought of why I lost and next day replayed and won. Didnt play the next level.Day after, played the next level and lost. Turned off PC and played it next day and won. Some games make you have to win before you turn off but this one just didnt have that immersion, it doesnt have the bigger picture.Levels are also quite poor, there is poor AI and you cannot make strategic decisions due to the rapid mass murder of players. I was never a WW2 General but the swarms of Germans and the ability to swarm allies is wrong or uncontrolled, I can spawn 6 trucks of Airborne Rifles and 6 Machine Gunners in the middle of a battle, not sure if this was a Option in Normandy...so its not realistic.Its not Ruse either, the close up FPS type view on the advertisments for the game is just eye candy, using it is pointless and therefore its programming is pointless, the game could have been quite a lot less GB to download for pointless eye candy (unless you plan to add a first person game).Ai is also none existant as far as i can tell, artillery dont fire unless you tell them, spotters are in full view and not stealthy.Is the storyline is based on WW2?  I dont know but the Campaign is not seemingly knitted into some kind of World War, the levels are stand alone, the unit selections are by level and therefore the ""give a fu kometer"" doesnt register, you still get 200 points regardless of the last mission, which is a shame.This game is probably Close Combat updated, however, the massive spawning of tens of units mean that you cannot micromange, you must throw units into deadly places and the timer ensure you do it fast, kill many and swarm many more, perhaps WW2 was like this, but it doesnt make a decent strategy when you dont fancy Cannon Fodder.I would not recommend this game for someone who has a limited budget, its very shallow, it is not Strategic, however, I will continue playing it and I will get my monies worth.It is not a good strategic wargame, I hope they open the code to steam workshop, it will pass your time without grabbing your attention."
,Not Recommended,572410,32147725,Posted: 3 June,all,Ragnarocks,Way to stressfull where you just have to throw troops at the enemy to beat the time. Strategy element is weak.
76561198042066914,Not Recommended,572410,32032591,Posted: 28 May,all,Hiddentroll,"No where near the pricetag on it, its pretty much a ww2 skin of wargame but no where near as good graphics are average, gameplay is very grindy not really any tactics involved tanks last about 4 seconds against anything, and imagine trying to implement Aircraft when the enemy has about 60 AA spread across the map, needs to be cheaper or alot of work needs to be done and im not a cheap man when it comes to buying games but i feel ripped off"
76561198001584373,Not Recommended,572410,32031987,Posted: 28 May,all,Sgt. Steiner,"If you're a relatively serious wargamer, you already have the Combat Mission x2 series, Mius Front, etc. So there is nothing to see here. I got seduced by the build-your-own battlegroup mechanic, but once I saw the graphics (i7, 3.6ghz, 16 ram, GTX-745 - not good, I know), I was horrified. The above mentioned games actually take some thought and study, but they also look great on my system maxed out.The reviews of some other players than alerted me to my mistake, and I was able to refund. I thought the combo of Paradox and Eugen might be special, but it seems this does not even measure up to previous Eugen titles. Seems a lot of features like campaign continuity have been cut out instead of enhanced. Great job Paradox!"
76561197985447014,Not Recommended,572410,33823770,Posted: 26 July,all,zak,"Very disappointing. Have tried so many times to get into this game, as its a long-awaited collaboration between my two favorite developers."
76561198161216248,Not Recommended,572410,34524974,Posted: 27 August,all,mike,Good concept. Poor instructions. Try getting vehicles to keep to the roads...  You end up playing a strategy game at arms length to keep on top of what is going on so the great detail is lost. The battlefields need to be much smaller.
76561198129640167,Not Recommended,572410,34247530,Posted: 14 August,all,Blue Embers,"Coming from an avid player of Wargame (Cough Red Dragon alone was like 400 hours), SD44 is a far cry from what Eugen is capable of. So far in fact that SD44 comes across as a pocket project for the other games theyve wasted thier time on.First of all, i bought the entire edition, with artwork, and commentary as well. That said, the understanding that the campaign and maps where intentionally built around historically accurate photos of Normandy is very admirable. But that only stretches so far. The campaigns as compared to WG RD are minimal. While they're oneshot wonders, the replayability of it means nothing in the long run. For people who are either masochists or expert RTS players, the campaign is a lot of fun, or a nice challenge. That said, the fact that less than 90% have beaten the majority of german campaign missions implies that almost everyone who purchases the game will never even play HALF of the campaign thats available. Why? Because its damn near unplayable. The units you are given are the dregs that the NPC's haven't already lost, and you are assigned isn't much more flexible. That is a complete 180 turn from WG RD where you could literally compose entire armies from purchasable army groups. There is no naval units, nor is there any decisive air application.Next is multiplayer. The former issue of pub stacking is gone, which is awesome, but the next issue thats equally as bad is that NO ONE PLAYS THE GAME. It's dead after 6pm until 8am. I work as well, meaning the majority of the time, multiplayer isnt multiplayable. Next, it easily takes half an hour to fill a lobby when people do play. That doesnt even go to say that the multiplayer will have anyone in it within a few months. The multiplayer isnt worth the game.Lastly, the battlegroup system is bland. I spent a good amount of time maping out unique units per each battlegroup to figure out what was even available. The jist boils down to germans= expensive reliable units, allies = cheap and plentiful units. Worse is the fact that the allies lack unique units that make any allied BG standout, whereas the germans have decks good for artillery, armor, and infantry individually. Its not fun to play as allies in a nutshell. Nothing they have is clearly better than the germans, and its not bias.Graphics, i have maxed out, and it looks good, but its not exceptionally noteable. Sound, is also subpar - why do howitzer sounds litterally sound like *pew* when they impact? Thats almost laughable. Why do tanks lack base in thier rumble? Why doesnt a field gun sound like its slinging quarter ton shells? Red Dragon had this issue, so does SD.In the end, is the game fun? Yes it is, and i still play it. Could Eugen do better, yes, very much so. Would i have bought it knowing what i know now? Probably on the discount sale."
76561198008865688,Not Recommended,572410,35255244,Posted: 27 September,all,Napoleon Dynamite,"This game is totally broke. For example, unbalancing unit, limited choice and too similar battlegroup, unuseful battle phases. Moreover, sound and graphic still old and terrible. You can feel the low quality built from developer even you not familiar with Wargame series, it's likely just a re-skinned of Wargame units and put it into WW2 theme. It's not worth your money at this price, the game content is too few, and you gon na boring so quick. This is not a good choice for RTS game, I suggested you to play Company of heroes 2 instead."
,Not Recommended,572410,31959598,Posted: 25 May,all,Matthew K,I have a pc above the recommended requirements for graphics yet the game refuses to let me go above high level graphics and those look like the game is 20 years old. I was EXTREMELY excited to play this game but I am sadly refunding my purchase because it is not worth playing with the joke optimization.
76561198012708724,Recommended,572410,35313183,Posted: 29 September,all,Uncle Urkel,"game is too good for its own good in an age of spoon feed me a happy meal while i play as a pink hair SJW with shotgun games (overwatch, cod, mobas . . u kno) it stands alone . .  .. .thats a shame"
76561198052213166,Not Recommended,572410,32021671,Posted: 28 May,all,Floating Dust,"This is a super fustrating game. I refunded after 4 hours playing. It was wasting my time.The learning curve is rather high, if you are not RTS person. And you have to multitask too much during in-game.Imagine commanding 10 infantry units, 4 or 5 tanks and a few aircrafts at the same time.The graphics are not so fantastic when you have to view it far away to see your army most of the time.This game costs around $54 and I would say it should cost $20"
,Recommended,572410,31922388,Posted: 23 May,all,FlyingPig,Its a fun game
,Recommended,572410,32295536,Posted: 9 June,all,Alvin,I JUST ♥♥♥♥ING LOOOOOOVE ITTTTTTTT BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUY IT YOU WILL LOVE IT
76561198097582194,Recommended,572410,31796884,Posted: 16 May,all,Wolfmire,this game is fun. feels different
76561198082724116,Recommended,572410,31870094,Posted: 20 May,all,Kommandant Duncan,"Hope to see Japanese, Italian, Russian, Romanian, and Hungarians soon. Preferablly free but understandablly some would cost and it better be worth my money. Love the game so far."
76561198011607356,Recommended,572410,33300498,Posted: 5 July,all,05102017,great game!
,Recommended,572410,33710363,Posted: 21 July,all,™1Shot1KiLL®,"very nice game and fun to play .dont listen to the cry babies with patato computers that can barely run solitare. its is a very good game. buy it. and you will enjoy it very much. the performance of the game is awsome and you can tweek the settings to your likeing and harware as the video settings have a ton of options. l havent had any conection problems in multiplayer either. people crying about conection problems shuld first get decent internet before crying on the internet. l run the game on insane settings at 60 fps with my 8gb RX 480.conclusion: people will write reviews about a game not working but its not the game that doesnt work, it is there patato PC. get this game. you will love it."
76561197986943630,Recommended,572410,30972863,Posted: 5 April,all,RackemWillie,Highly reccommend it.
,Recommended,572410,32024632,Posted: 28 May,all,FellFyet CS.MONEY,"the troops,tanks really dump,if i dont tell them to attack what is in front of them they just chill until death,this ,,pinned down"" coming too early ( they are soldiers) game want me to handle a situation what me and an other person cant handle because we have to tell every single unit to attack what is in front of them, this card system would be good but i hate when i run out of cards and i can't do anything...... THE MATCHMAKING IS VERY SLOW. i really miss from troops a ,,silent"" or ,,""stealth"" optionbut keep making games like this, i really liked ruse,command and conquer 4 and i would enjoy this too if these problems have fixed :D"
76561198215360569,Recommended,572410,32030379,Posted: 28 May,all,Wardy [FoE],"Good RTS, weyyy!"
,Not Recommended,572410,35212837,Posted: 25 September,all,OneHitCombo,"CRASH CRASH CRASHI played this game for a few hours, I enjoyed it. Changed a few video settings to make my game look better. BOOM. My game is now broken. The game keeps on crashing whenever I enter the skirmish menu. It's frustrating. Will change my recommendation once the bugs in this game are fixed."
76561198318492651,Recommended,572410,33803709,Posted: 26 July,all,markalan12059,"A lack of strategic deapth is the main reason I don't play many RTS games.  I bought this game because it appeared to be an exception to that rule and it is.  This is a true wargame and not just an action packed, shoot 'em up RTS.  This is an edited review as I initially gave the game a thumbs down for the lack of documentation (manual, reference card, etc...) included in the base game purchase.  There is no manual included in the base game purchase (I don't know if one is included in the deluxe version). However, the tutorial is excellent if a little speedy.  I ran through it twice but it was worth it for the extra info I picked up.  Also, there is an in game menu showing the available orders and associated hot keys.  I was wrong about that in my initial review.  While the menus aren't printalbe as far as I can tell, a printed screen shot or even hand written notes will provide an easy enough in game reference for players. A fun and challenging game.  I'm glad I took a little more time to explore it after my initial frustration."
,Recommended,572410,30976744,Posted: 6 April,all,Evan,WW2 RTS DONE RIGHT! with modding support!!!Put simply its great.
,Recommended,572410,31312760,Posted: 22 April,all,Reeves,good game
76561198003578617,Recommended,572410,31822760,Posted: 18 May,all,Mr.Superslaptastic,It's hard. I never win. It's great!
,Recommended,572410,30977362,Posted: 6 April,all,MrNavette,Wargruse !
76561198306385373,Recommended,572410,31128951,Posted: 13 April,all,Prethoryn,Not bad for a WWII wargame RTS
,Recommended,572410,31136505,Posted: 14 April,all,╬KOW╬Joshyboi,"one of the most realistic rts games i have ever played in a very long time, it destroys all other ww2 rts games and once its out of early access/pre order the game will be even better due to the large variety of units and divisions, Eugen and Paradox have made an amazing game and hopefully they will keep working together to make more amazing content for the future"
,Recommended,572410,31909724,Posted: 22 May,all,Pablo,"Its like i was trown into WW2 all over again, 10/10 would get ptsd again"
,Recommended,572410,31947362,Posted: 25 May,all,GameOverPoi,"The game is nice, there are some bad side but at the end of the day i loved it"
,Recommended,572410,31916536,Posted: 23 May,all,Dredditor,"A great WW2 RTS game developed by Eugen and published by Paradox Interactive, an awesome game developer duo!I really have nothing bad to say about this game, since it's really good in my opinion (which is biased), other than that my computer just can't handle it. Then again, my computer is super old so I can't run a lot of things at high graphics."
76561198017092991,Recommended,572410,31947867,Posted: 25 May,all,b5001,the games hard they should call it pinned down seems overpriced to its like the ai allways has the uperhand its ok but you should wait for sale way overpriced
,Recommended,572410,30973548,Posted: 5 April,all,Creative,Very promising start to a very fun game!
76561198029034080,Recommended,572410,30973290,Posted: 5 April,all,mullenix0626,Very good game made by two great publishers. Battles start off slow but get more and more hectic has time goes on which makes for very fun and challanging gameplay.
76561197977533136,Recommended,572410,31740555,Posted: 13 May,all,TK-421,A great iteration on the Wargames franchise.
76561198045999285,Recommended,572410,31923332,Posted: 23 May,all,TheChipmunk,"Just what I always wanted, WWII wargame.Plus the frontlines mechanics make alot of sense for the way warfare was fought and at least percieved at the time. Really captures the spirt of my fav war."
,Recommended,572410,31700149,Posted: 12 May,all,Chauris,Good i like it ^^ Just need more countries like Russia or Japan
76561198021034274,Recommended,572410,33817431,Posted: 26 July,all,Ouchi Numbnuts,"Being a long-time Total War player (until Warhammer at which point they lost my attention) this is a new historical period for me but with less than 40 hours of skirmishing in so far, I am definitely a fan.Cant comment on the unit accuracy as I dont have enough knowlege to say either way but I like the mechanics, flow of the battle, scenery, line of sight and other elements; honestly, wish I'd have jumped into the Deluxe when I bought it but 'll have to wait for DLC I suppose!Works for me"
76561198219227597,Not Recommended,572410,32027767,Posted: 28 May,all,Rinzikuishot,If you like strategy games then this game is not for you.
76561198041079864,Not Recommended,572410,31530663,Posted: 3 May,all,octyss,"A big NO.I've played more than 50 hours in Beta so far.The game is unbalance.Allied force are OP.It's like those Hollywood movies from the 80s where uncle Sam beats everything.The game say: ""Command Over 400 Historically Accurate Units"".Historically accurate my asss"
,Not Recommended,572410,33331012,Posted: 6 July,all,Artyom Donavich,"Can't recommend the game in its current state of, 6th AB Phase A napalm bomber rushes, flamethrower inf, arty, and off map barrage spam, good idea that once again suffers from devs medoicre preformance."
76561197983416910,Not Recommended,572410,31569054,Posted: 5 May,all,Damaharus,"The game as potential, but the AI is insane, AI can spawn Endless of units and for some strange reason one hit everything you bring, even with artillery.  Made a Battlegroup, gave it to the AI. 1 unit in each Recon, infantry, Tank, Etc. and they could spawn all those units as there where no limit for them. And AI tanks/ Anti-tank units could strangly shot my units from places mine could not return fire.But it's all fine if you play against other players."
76561198107397901,Not Recommended,572410,32034082,Posted: 28 May,all,Heinz Guderian,"Historical accuracy?  That is a joke, the Tiger and the Konigstiger are easily penned in the front by any AP carrying unit on the map, including bazooka infantry.  It's just garbage for the most part, but it does have possibilities just like every other Paradox game it needs to be modded by fans to be truly playable.  If I wanted to see German tanks and equipment being insulted I could just play World of Tanks, Steel Division is an arcade game, not a simulation."
76561198038222739,Not Recommended,572410,32415082,Posted: 14 June,all,Nikthedog,"This game has glaring issues from the onset and has truly made me question the capabilities of the creators of R.U.S.E. >Firstly there is a clear lack of any comptent story telling in the campaign an is merely a collection of hastly and plainly put together scenarios that were made tp be a place holder rather than a complete campaign with actual depth. Next the bootcamp is horrible doing nothing but creating more questions than it answers and really is just a basic foundation from which your trial and error in the game will begin. The multiplayer which seems to have been the primary focus of this game is COMPLETELY BROKEN with cheesy tactics and balancing issues that ruin the enoyablity of the game.The game for the first few matches will be fun as the concept and idea of the game are solid but in reality on closer inspection the game is suffering from its devolpment which cripples the online play . The axis in particular are extrmely vunerable to the constant arty and air whoring of the allies, which seems to break any balance that the game has or will have . Even fixing these bugs the game is over priced being merely an Wargame expanison and not really being a new IP and its worth is closer to 25 or 30 dollars . The lack of feautures, a campaign!!!, balance, diversity of maps, and actual strategy turn this game into an ineviatable failure. Do I like the game? Yes but I hate every minute of it because there are games that are able to do the things this game cant for cheaper and more effectively ,whcih ulitmatly dooms this game.If its on ssale get it but as it is now at 40 dollars leave it be ."
76561198023189667,Not Recommended,572410,32409700,Posted: 14 June,all,mahmed37,"This game is pretty similar to others in the wargame series.  Unlike other RTS games it playes very slowly until you engage the enemy.  I don't recommend it.  In theory it sounds very fun, but in reality it is hours of moving and positioning your troops for a few seconds of lackluster combat.  RTS games like starcraft or total war are more my speed."
76561198117064000,Not Recommended,572410,33454106,Posted: 11 July,all,Shyzu,poorly opitmized
76561197982952204,Recommended,572410,31557471,Posted: 5 May,all,SeekerDolls,"Simple steps to stop nazi Germany.1.Build worst half track ever.2.Surrender.3.Wait until U.S arrives.4.Lease some U.S half tracks.5.Outmanoeuvre Germans using the french half tracks.14/10 Brilliant France, would stop nazi again."
,Recommended,572410,33325086,Posted: 6 July,all,Chef Michael Smith,lmao fuccbois writing bad reviews cuz they r down with syndromesgo back to leaky legends sh17ters
76561198207889735,Not Recommended,572410,33865437,Posted: 28 July,all,Thekayakguy,"this game has a poorly designed interface. it is too hard to give the commands you want and to moniter what you are doing, it is a very bad game."
76561198007507481,Not Recommended,572410,34801320,Posted: 7 September,all,Cobourn,"Great concept idea, but very frustrating and god-awful gameplay, so I had to uninstall.    Historical accuracies start to slide away in this game and it just becomes a grind.  I dislike it thoroughly."
,Not Recommended,572410,31099972,Posted: 12 April,all,Michiel de Ruyter,"Played RUSE and all the three versions of Wargame and really loved it. Still play Wargame on a daily basis.After playing Act of Agression it felt like Eugene lost touch with its userbase. So i had high hopes for this game being more of a Wargame series to tickle there long term customers. However this game feels and is a big step back of what wargame was.Wargame gives players many possible tactics they can use, this version however only allows for static front line fighting. Try to get some troops behind enemy lines and the enemy team will be directly notified because the front line animation moves towards him.The loss of naval units also gives you less possible tactics to explore and execute.All in all i can conclude this game is a more basic version of what the Wargame series was and represented, a more simple commercial version for non Military RTS players."
,Not Recommended,572410,35181898,Posted: 24 September,all,Cyrus40K,"Honestly, this is a good game.But for who the fxxk knows reason, the developer removed the save-replay function and build-in benchmark function, which costs me a deep headache now.WHY THE HELL YOU REMOVE THESE TWO FUNCTIONS?This makes me nuts, and I definitely will give it a negative evaluation."
76561198015882195,Not Recommended,572410,33251192,Posted: 4 July,all,t r u e w h i t e,Dead Divisoin. eugens cant into strategy game about ww2
,Recommended,572410,31074154,Posted: 11 April,all,Virgo,"Do you like RUSE...          ""no answer""         ok.. DO you like WARGAME *no* THEN YOU WILL LOVE STEEL ""wait whats the name again"" DIVISION*Signed* VirgoSkySeal...   LOVE ME"
76561198029233438,Recommended,572410,31258183,Posted: 20 April,all,stug46,we need Asian servers!
,Recommended,572410,31926833,Posted: 23 May,all,Sheik Yerbouti,Wargame WW2 edition.
,Recommended,572410,33871232,Posted: 28 July,all,Sovereign Rose,"One of the better wwii rts's I've played,"
76561198031934807,Not Recommended,572410,34132395,Posted: 9 August,all,Patmos IV,Unrealistic game. Has nothing to do with actual strategy and tactics
,Not Recommended,572410,31050557,Posted: 9 April,all,Adlerson,"I was hoping for something more in the vein of the Close Combat games, but alas this feels like just another game where you buy, deploy and kill stuff. Not my thing."
76561198074604413,Recommended,572410,31126377,Posted: 13 April,all,Ash25793,Best strategy game ever!
76561198090662617,Recommended,572410,31096018,Posted: 12 April,all,osku1,good game
,Recommended,572410,31145514,Posted: 14 April,all,pwnzorsoosag,lit
,Recommended,572410,31054055,Posted: 9 April,all,[SIN7]Gold-Kitty,The British are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,572410,31924164,Posted: 23 May,all,Ludek,Brilliant gameWide range of historically accurate units and mapsGreat graphicsSolo CampaignGood challenging AI10 v 10 games
76561198032923399,Recommended,572410,31132993,Posted: 14 April,all,Protosszocker,Perfect WW2 RTS. never seen anything close to it in Historical RTS. the frontline system is genius. the gamespeed is super cool. And 18 different divisions with different decks will be so much variaty to build your own gamestyle on.
76561198073399796,Recommended,572410,30973332,Posted: 5 April,all,Jasper,110% - Nothing like watching a 17 pounder wipe your foes from the face of the earth
76561198007259813,Recommended,572410,30973462,Posted: 5 April,all,RSharpe,"Slightly smaller scale than the Wargame series, but still plenty of fun. The simplification of some aspects of Wargame makes Steel Division a more dynamic and faster flowing game. The dynamic frontlines means you no longer have to worry about positioning command vehicles to capture sectors, and the elimination of of fuel means offensive pushes are no longer stalled by the need to resupply.I still hope they improve air support commands by allowing you to define ingress and egress paths."
76561198078820671,Recommended,572410,30970928,Posted: 5 April,all,[SAUCE] Battered Aggie,"So far it's fun, can't judge completely until I play more maps and battlegroups."
,Recommended,572410,31889189,Posted: 21 May,all,BoJimBo,"So far this game is great fun.  A bit like war game, company of heroes and men of honor had a brain child."
76561198010517613,Recommended,572410,31575228,Posted: 6 May,all,Sabrephenix,This game is really good and ... hold up guys i just creamed my jeans .... a nice new style to war game
76561198070336536,Recommended,572410,31878084,Posted: 21 May,all,[GR]JailBaiter,"Wonderful game in prepurchase, can't wait until full release"
,Recommended,572410,31892729,Posted: 21 May,all,Bucket,Good improvements to multiplayer with the territory mechanic forcing you to constantly be pushing rather than just camping and the unique units depending on the company type make it easier to identify a role.
,Recommended,572410,31893548,Posted: 21 May,all,[21NC] Strungvold,"Having only played a couple hours so far, seeing the different divisions and then the amount of units I truly do not doubt that no two battles will feel the same.  So much thought goes into the pre battle that if you fail to account for one thing you're going to be far in over you head.10/10 Would storm the beaches."
,Recommended,572410,32842443,Posted: 26 June,all,Hismajesty,"After I played this game, I realized why France surrendered. Frogs are born Nazi.Most German divisions are overpowered but that's the only bad thing about this game. I can't stop playing this game.But seriously phase A stuh is absolutely insane. Who the hell deploys a ♥♥♥♥ing assult gun during a reconnaissance."
76561198006926201,Not Recommended,572410,30997630,Posted: 7 April,all,Kampfgruppe Peiper,"game isnt bad at all. Could be fun, but it as some real balacing issues .All Allied Tanks seems OP even a AntiAir Vehicle faces Tanks like a StugIII in th open. the stug cant kill it and retreat.90% of all AT weapons bounce off.All ALLIED AT guns got a range of 1200.....while all german AT guns got a range of 1000, that means Allied Tanks could easyly attack AT guns while the germans could not even return fire....And much more.AS i said not a bad game but much work to do for a good game"
76561198028776356,Not Recommended,572410,33774630,Posted: 24 July,all,VonPletz,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.   This game is totally broken.First, the Germans get nothing at the start of the game to even hope to slow the allies.  Second, the aim mod for Allies is WAY OVER POWERED for the Germans.  For example Cromwell gets 1200meters of range and no German Tanks or AA gun can hit it.Second the AA is totally broken and even though you set it up and it looks good in the game you will not shoot down any allies airplanes.  Also, the allies get a HUGE number of airplanes making it totally lopsided for them.Third, the units the Germans get in phase A are totally useless, if anyone with an ounce of research in the units of the game the American Paratroopers can not be beated by ANY German infantry. Germans do not get any flame units until phase B where as the Americans do leaving the German infantry hopeless as they are only cannon fodder for the Allies team to make points.Fourth, the game setup counting module is hopeless and if you are Germans good luck because of the 40 games I played our team scored ZERO in a destruction game mode even though we miraculously held 52% of the map and were killing allies units the counter for destrution never increased.  End score 2500 allies 0 Germans.Fifth, the interface of this game and is crap, the text is soo small you need a microscope to see what the unit name is, the colors for the players on your team you can't tell who is who (i.e. infantry division, paratroop division, nor tank division) so you don't know who is the weaker division needing more support.Sixth, the game servers by Eugen or Patriot or whomever is running their servers are CONSTANTLY DOWN for days.....and in the EUGEN games (10X10) there is a never ending parade of server disconnects where you lose 1/2 your team and the game is pretty much default loss.CONCLUSION:If you want to make a WW2 RTS game that looks and acts good and historically accurate then atleast make the units equal because Waffen SS units were superior in moral, strength, tank superiorirty, and concealment much more than the Allies in WW2.  History proves that with the huge losses the Allies had in the Hedgerows of France.  Capt. Wittman of the German SSPanzer Division made a name for himself as an ace because the TIGER was sooo much superior than anything the allies had....we are talking about a tank that could range ACCURATELY at 2000meters.  In this game you get 1000meters which is an insult.Second, your game runs rough with very much lag from your crappy servers. The ability to zoom in to see the faces of the troops is worthless because you won't ever be that close in a huge division level game.  It wastes CPU, memory, and makes the game run like crap.If you want to make it a good game then use the original Blitzkrieg engine because it was good clean graphics and the feel is very much the same.  For some stupid reason Nival went super 3D effects that ruined the game. As it is for now....STEEL DIVISION NORMANDY 44 is a suxy game and DO NOT BUY IT because you will hate the interface and the crappy servers it runs on.In otherwords.....I want my money back because this game isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,572410,31045716,Posted: 9 April,all,SnuffBOX,"Now released;Issues from the beta is still there, ROFL!more issues added;-Worse pathways.-Armored still makes unexplaned turns and shows side/rear armor.-More balance issues.-So bad maps, the ""map devs"" must had a fieldday with lunch breaks 23,55/7.(everything is flat and more flat, exept one map that has a river)PS. Never gonna visit france if that♥♥♥♥♥♥looks like that.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------a game BUT with some tedious crap.-Frontline; Totaly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, for example it tells you if youre getting flanked/pushed w/o any FoV. Feels like its made for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ people.-Stress-system; Would have loved some more states, then just pinned.-Anti-Air; Simply put they dont do anything.(Tryd out 9 flaks vs 1 plane, plane survived. multiplied times.)-Anti-tank/Arty; Too easy to spot where they originate at in treelines and full tracers are drawn even out of the enemys FoV.-Spotting; Infantry is getting spotted by tanks to easy when moveing in treelines.;Currently easier to spot troops in treelines then occupied buildings.-Jumbo/Beute Firefly; Way to strong for its current phase.-Cover; Would love a better ""magnetic"" green cover when trying to deploy/send troops in thin treeline to save some extra sec.-Air; Give a attack order but lose the FoV of the enemy still makes a ""perfect hit"".-Lobby/MM; Theres no current match makeing system in place so lobbys is the only way to go (dident think it was still the 90´s).You have to deal with people joing and leaveing lobbys and you easely spend a good 5min before a game even starts.-Information; Poor information about most in-game stuff. Everything from units to deployment.-Grafics; Downgraded grafics from prev. wargames.Overall phase A and B feels ok, but late B and C is just a tank/air spam.Game will have its peak about 1month then it will die out after full realese."
76561198017276771,Not Recommended,572410,34364131,Posted: 19 August,all,Shugabiz,"It's a bad game which makes it a dead game and a dead game makes it bad game.Complete downgrade to the massively superior RD.Missed its mark on realism, historical accuracy, and fixing cancer from WG:RD. All the while adding senseless mechanics that are mostly unwarranted. A lot of completely blind fans will defend it tooth and nail, but the fact of the matter is that SD and RD are both niche games, and the older of the two has more than twice the daily population because of how massively superior it is. But hey, at least they have the professional tuggers balancing the game which will totally fix the issues most people have with it and revive it, right? /sI'd recommend day of the rope for Eugen ""hitem"" Systems on this one.Don't forget, if you don't feel like going home, you can always fall back."
76561197970436937,Not Recommended,572410,32024319,Posted: 28 May,all,JohnnyG,"A shallow game, that gets rather boring for solo players after a few missions.  A bit of a yawn compared to the Combat Mission series etc.I've not tried multiplayer as I hate RTS, so I can't really comment on that side of the game.To summarise, it might be worth picking up on a sale, but its nothing amazing unfortunately(p.s. the voice acting and some of the grammar on the English version is TERRIBLE.  They use phrases like ""protect your armours"", ""use your aircrafts"", when even someone with a very basic knowledge of English knows that you would just write armour or aircraft - NO 'S' REQUIRED.  I know the Dev is Swedish, but this is very lazy IMO)."
,Not Recommended,572410,35184331,Posted: 24 September,all,Reaper8U,"It's too hard in the beginning really. When you are early on in a game, I think you should have easier missions to learn more about the units, tactics and the game in general, but I feel this game is trying to make us rush a bit too much to have a nice time. Even the scirmish in the boot camp is a bit too hard. If they could just lower the difficulty more that early in the game, then I think it would be a better game.And I want to add that, I can't even figure out if something of an enemy is AT or a tank. Or what kind of units I am up against. Another reason I really dislike this game. There are no good indicator for newer players and those not too familiar with WWII."
,Recommended,572410,31674502,Posted: 10 May,all,izuqq,66666666666
76561198045422843,Recommended,572410,32364788,Posted: 12 June,all,Brostephano,This is a review of Steel Division: Normandy 44
76561198053923114,Recommended,572410,31920219,Posted: 23 May,all,[MIG] OP-1 NördicBädger,the game is out yet i dont have all of the features????? love the game though
76561198062065497,Not Recommended,572410,32425047,Posted: 14 June,all,TylerGM2,They have absolutely no clue how to balance a game
76561197981464502,Recommended,572410,31289807,Posted: 21 April,all,RaccoonOnTheTree,I NEED MORE WEED!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198039647558,Recommended,572410,31922882,Posted: 23 May,all,GuessKEY,Too busy playing to write review.
76561198123376057,Not Recommended,572410,31943943,Posted: 24 May,all,Dysterius,"As much as it pains me to do so there's some imbalances that make it a turnoff in the end. As any wargame veteran knows, aircraft was expensive, tactical, and FRAGILE. In red dragon you got worried when your planes/helis were in the sights of enemy AA. In this game, the AA is complete garbage. 2 flak 88s, 3 flaverlings, and 7 skfz shooting at a passing plane and it STILL FLIES AWAY after pummeling the crap out of the ground. only thing that seems to kill them is counter aircraft. AA is nothing to worry about in this game, and biases it to just spam planes to blow the crap out of everyone in your way. Out of playing both sides, the aircraft alone made me not recommend this game as it's just too broken and ruins the fun as multiplayer love to spam them. U'll change my stance once the devs change that."
,Not Recommended,572410,32504409,Posted: 17 June,all,HornyPlatypus,"I upgraded from a 980ti to a 1080ti. Now if I change my settings, the game crashes. Can not recommend."
,Not Recommended,572410,33273309,Posted: 5 July,all,PrinceParadox,"Game is too busy, too many things happen at the sametime. Tutorial is lacking detail and refinment."
76561198031197569,Not Recommended,572410,32016675,Posted: 28 May,all,KROK,"My perspective as Wargames player.( Wargames Air Land Battle )+ WWII Settings+ Infantry battle+ Challenging campaing+/- Copy + paste the wargame formula+ Modding abilities!- The sound is could be improved, specially the voice actors- The ui is cluttered. Hopefully modding could improve- 2 factions? Maybe they will come more hopefully FOR FREE if you compare to Air Land Battle you got tons of fations- The multiplayer matching- Warning incoming DLC package overload (70% chance hit)- Not worth price for half game, wait for sale"
76561198005769349,Not Recommended,572410,33384217,Posted: 8 July,all,johnbensend,Very shallow and dissapointing.
76561198209000379,Not Recommended,572410,34362634,Posted: 19 August,all,ChickenL3gz,Looks like poo while also running like poo.10/10 maybe it is poo.
,Recommended,572410,33312803,Posted: 6 July,all,Tomppelisusi,"If you like divisions and steel, you'll probably love it.Unless you're one of those weird people who play RTSes for singleplayer only."
,Recommended,572410,31596611,Posted: 6 May,all,Hydrohydroxic Acid,eperghggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
,Not Recommended,572410,32032818,Posted: 28 May,all,Armorama,"2.1 hrs into the single player campaign. I don't know what the devs were expecting. This reminds me a lot of CoH 2 in that the campaign was total garbage. Instead of giving you a fairly simple objective (secure a bridge for example), no they have to dump you into the deep end with a giant campaign map and 30+ units to try to control. After 3 attempts and doing okay but not having any fun, I am calling it quits. Yeah makes me feel really good about spending $40 on a game that looked like it had promise. No difficultly level. Units like mortars or other arty will just sit there and do nothing unless you tell them to fire. Jeeps or transport will just run straight into enemies and if underfire will just stay where you told them to go. Will units get out and defend themselves? Hell no."
76561198096720019,Not Recommended,572410,34324366,Posted: 18 August,all,The Prophet of Memeology,Doesn't run for♥♥♥♥♥
76561198005444904,Not Recommended,572410,35194092,Posted: 24 September,all,Penguin21,Crashes on startup...numerous people have the same issue.  No fix by the developer...
76561198050202014,Not Recommended,572410,35202130,Posted: 25 September,all,Stannis Baratheon,Very bad optimization!Dont buy!
76561197966874698,Not Recommended,572410,33882584,Posted: 29 July,all,Megadeth,"If you are looking for any kind of historical WW2 tactical realism, forget about this title. In addition to being a bad WW2 themed RTS, it has this really stupid set of voice overs that annoy the hell out of you after hearing them a couple of times. Juvenile and dumbed down you have to wonder: Paradox, what the f&$# where you thinking? Once a great studio, Paradox seems to be dropping the ball pretty much across the board, I will be avoiding your titles from now on."
76561198006708850,Not Recommended,572410,30990998,Posted: 6 April,all,Loves2Splooge,"vert disappointed as a wargame fan with hundreds of hours. they decrease quality and overall depth to decrease the learning curve and increase the buyer base. it has potential but needs improvement.janky mechanics and graphics, looks like it was made before RUSE.UI is distguisting, not as intuitive as wargame, **really needs to be addressed, particularly in the deck building part**x. while i know its unlikely, the game should add more depth mechanics/ clear display of unit charateristics.y. numbers are just thrown around in random places, added with confusing, artsy detailing, hard to understand.lack of HP is the worst, its replaced with 'morale', i cant tell when a unit is low or high, they must add a finite health."
76561198007338566,Not Recommended,572410,31227230,Posted: 18 April,all,Odione,Gets boring very fast...
,Recommended,572410,31983680,Posted: 26 May,all,40s & Blunts,"Man some of the haters I see posting reviews if this game are something else. I hear a lot of people saying this game has too many lines in it, and that the AT guns don't really get hidden as much. But those criticisms are a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I'm going to tell you why in this stellar review.Now I've put at least 10k hours in the wargame games because they are serious. This game feels a lot more like a movie your uncle would watch on cable. This game has a line that goes across the map and that pretty much says it all. Really dumbed it down which sucks for serious gamers like me but I understand now that they have Paradox -- #gamerabuse -- as a publisher but that's no excuse.The other problem I have with this game are the graphics they aren't much better than Wargame which I have at least 15k hours in except that my computer runs this one like leaky turds while WARGAME runs butter smooth. I really hope they optimize this game or else.But enough about that you can see that from any review you want to just go look at them. There are a lot of good things in this game. I have never seen so many tanks and man those maps are pretty. I'm used to serious grog games like the GRAIVTEAM series so this game is a lot like those games except this one really wants to help you enjoy yourself. Not many games have this many tanks and little guys runnding around it is really something else to see.Now if you've got any questions I don't know why this has pretty much said it all. This game is pretty good and that's about all there is to say. If you like to see little tanks and sometimes even call in arty strikes it's the♥♥♥♥♥♥Make sure to turn off the voice acting I really can't beleive what passes for voice acting these days."
,Not Recommended,572410,33478697,Posted: 12 July,all,Luke,"This game is good if you play as a single player. When it comes to multiplayer this game is a big pile of imbalanced crap. The Allies stand no chance againt the mighty Germany in every aspect. Thus if you want ot buy this game and play with other players wait for a discount and wait for them to balance the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, or enjoy got beaten by the mighty  german army everytime you play on the Allies side."
76561198216342109,Not Recommended,572410,34376594,Posted: 20 August,all,Grim,"Waste of money. Concept looks cool but gameplay is stale and boring for a number of reasons. Graphics are sub-par, even on the highest settings. Don't waste you're money but Wargame instead."
76561198009742958,Not Recommended,572410,33729938,Posted: 22 July,all,SAper,"At the moment wast of money, they will not give them back to you. Idea greate but execution.... well sucks."
76561198009735784,Not Recommended,572410,31955037,Posted: 25 May,all,captXXX,"So far I have played this game for about 6.5 hours.Too be honest, I can not say that I have enjoyed myself.The User Interface is not intuitive in my opionion and quite clunky.The AI is murderous, you get killed without knowing how/why.The tutorials are over simplistic for the game. You complete them without really understanding the game mechanics.The battles require you to micro manage all your units. Land and Air. It is difficult with a small battle, I can only image the difficulties with a big one.I think there are better WWII games out there. Company of Heroes 2 and Hearts of Iron 4 spring to mind."
76561198014024334,Not Recommended,572410,31246189,Posted: 19 April,all,Yorin444,"First of all. This is a game for every world war two lover. You will love it, for sure.But why a negative rating?Well at this moment the game lacks:- proper matchmaking, the server browsing is god awful. I hate it so much when i have to sit there, wait to get the game started and then get stomped by veterans or stomp new players. Skill levels are just too wide.- God ♥♥♥♥ing awful patching. My lovely god. It is so awful that they can ♥♥♥♥ing up everything in one single patch. The recent patch ♥♥♥♥ed the game up for me where units were going behind enemy lines without even asking them to. Units being overpowered as♥♥♥♥♥♥(The vet. Stugs who can single handedly 1vs5 nearly any tank) and planes going left, when i order them to go right...- An positive community. The community is very strict and doesn't allow new players to hit up the field. Although i can understand new players are frustrating, the community is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥and full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s when it comes to not being able to give new players insight of the game. It has been with wargame and with Steel division it is no difference.- Balance. This just needs to get figured out, but right now it is not good. Jumbo's doing what they want, planes will never get shot down by AA unless you concentrate your whole AA deck into one point.- To get back to the server browsing, when the host has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection, the whole game is just one big mess. I had +15 games where the game was lagging thankfully to the hosts. Just an awful system.Although i sound really negative, checking out this game is worth it. You should wait till the game gets released. Right now the game is in a bad state and it feels too much of a modded version of Wargame. Not worth the €40,- right now."
,Not Recommended,572410,32048968,Posted: 29 May,all,Toffer,"Extremely messy, and annoying micro. Tutorial is just over 2 hours, so you might lose your ability to refund before even playing a match."
76561197960558358,Not Recommended,572410,33281241,Posted: 5 July,all,Oberst Josef von Hartmann,I prefer COH2 or COH1.  This doesn't tickle my WW2 itch.
76561197970931849,Not Recommended,572410,32038472,Posted: 29 May,all,Bluerazor,"The game seemed to random for me. Units would blow up for no reason, even on the opposing side. Was i doing something wrong? And it dosent feel fun in single player. Why so serious? Save serious for multi player have FUN in single player! There is NO REAL SINGLE PLAYER campaign in ANY WARGAME GAME. So stop advertising it Eugen. Its multi only with single player skirmish. REFUNDED."
,Not Recommended,572410,32224331,Posted: 6 June,all,MRT109,Standard Paradox Game - £35 for not much game.-Only 2 armys-Only a few maps-Bit lacking on the single player front.Cant wait for the £20 DLC to add things that should be in the standard game like HOI-4
76561198050668435,Not Recommended,572410,32100295,Posted: 31 May,all,Shadow striker,0/10 do not buy.... actually ♥♥♥♥ it my review -1/10 because it won;t let me configure the settings myself before launch so I can try to fix it and make it run
76561198062356269,Not Recommended,572410,31592913,Posted: 6 May,all,LPH,"I love this game, BUT it has some Huge Problems. There is a core problem with the armor values in this game, The sherman Jumbo has A higher Armor value then the tiger 2! and there are many more examples of this. The german infantry in this game is basically just garbage compared to any of the allied units, flak does nothing to planes and arty does nothing against tanks. until they fix all or at least some of the BIG problems with this game i can`t recommend it."
76561198142714770,Not Recommended,572410,35191545,Posted: 24 September,all,Samwise Gumtree,"It's like a Tesco value Company Of Heroes 2, mixed with X-com 2. This is awful!"
76561198000088775,Not Recommended,572410,33540414,Posted: 14 July,all,TaBull,"If you like a massive artillery and airplane spam in which tanks and infantry do not matter, this is the game for you. I don't personally know anyone who enjoys that so I cannot recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,572410,34979614,Posted: 15 September,all,TroodoN,Game crashes all the time. Mainly during the startup. All drivers up to date with the latest windows updates. The only game that does it. Gameplay looks good but its very frustrating. I was expecting more with Paradox behind it
,Not Recommended,572410,32212764,Posted: 5 June,all,Emiya Muljomdao,"10v10 matches are only available in multiplayer on dedicated servers.What ?!It is 21C omgSometimes I wanna back to play previous wargame series like wargame european escalation or wargame airland battle 10v10.however, those games are dead therefore you can't play 10v10 matches.You can't even mod ai's so you can't 10v10 even with mod(campaigns are suck and I don't like it)It is really shame.many ppl asked devs to give us 10v10 maps for sp skirmish or mp skirmish.Devs never even responded about 10v10 askings and questions.What a great customer service out there.1.5/10this game will be dead soon just like other wargame series.Wargame red dragon = 600 playersSteel Devision: Normandy 44 = 1000 playersSo if you wanna play 10v10 some massive battle, Buy it now or do not even bothering."
76561198003208488,Not Recommended,572410,32126523,Posted: 2 June,all,redmarkus4,"Installed the game.Played a skirmish battle.The AI drove a column of infantry in trucks twoards my tanks. After the first truck exploded, the rest turned left and drove across my front. I blew each of them up in turn. The AI seemed oblivious.Uninstalled the game."
,Not Recommended,572410,31945117,Posted: 24 May,all,Jiffer,"The game is solid, its slow pased but fun to play. It was built well, you wont find any glitches or crashes at all.Now for the bad.Steam shows 2,000+ people playing games, when I look on the server their is 4 games total and one person in each waiting for someone to join. If they could some how make more people want to play then the online would be fun but as of right now the most you can do is single player cause i can't find any one to play with.The game is dope, remided me of world in conflict.I know it just came out but they need some like real marketing for this game, Everyone I asked if they have heard of this game just gave me blank stare and silence. Damn i was hoping for a good expereince. Might need to ask for a refund."
76561198031680269,Not Recommended,572410,30987060,Posted: 6 April,all,scotty,"I understand its beta, but can't even get the game too load.  Bummer."
76561198146089126,Not Recommended,572410,34464372,Posted: 24 August,all,moby tiles,this is one of the worst and most unbalanced games i've ever played it is so f0cking ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,572410,32076572,Posted: 30 May,all,ナカジマ アツシ NOT ENEMY,rng
76561198055296518,Recommended,572410,31206421,Posted: 17 April,all,GarryPadle,9/11
76561198008932174,Not Recommended,572410,31944712,Posted: 24 May,all,jamesrmitchell3,"Needs a lot of work to compete with games like Men of War: Assult Squad 2. AI seems to always have better line of sight then any of your units and freindly units need a lot of micromanagment to be any good. Like the artilery units, they will sit and let freindly units take a pounding even when they are easly in range.  The map size is ok. The grahpical overlay showing the control of the battefiled is a nice touch and the air units are a nicely added,  thats about the only plus i can think of. Overall I would pass on this one. Go HOI4 if your into strategy and MoW:AS2 if you like the tactial side. Oh, and the graphics kind of suck for 2017, even on ultra."
,Not Recommended,572410,35237567,Posted: 27 September,all,LordTurki,"i wasted my time downloading this, now i'm shocked for what i seen inside this game.  WORTHLESS"
76561197963773765,Not Recommended,572410,31909410,Posted: 22 May,all,GirthQQuakes,"I've only played 1.5 hours of the game, but I can tell it's not to my taste. I loved world in conflict and enjoy strategy games in general but this one isnt for me.1. I spend the game playing in a far zoomed out birds eye view, in order to micro manage my units and respond to the changing battlefield, however, this birds eye view is like watching a few blue squares slowly move towards some red squares. Not very compelling or enjoyable. Game looks great up close, but it isnt practical to play in those closer views.2. Moral mechanics means you lose control of a unit if its under various kinds of fire (such as artillery) this mechanic is at the core of game play and I find it to be frusterating and lack luster. Not only do I miss a chance to kill the enemy unit as it retreats automatically, but also losing control of my own units in an emergency situation is just not fun.3. I like the number of different units and the detailed unit cards. Thats really the only thing i like about this game.I'll keep looking for something new to play."
76561198349587904,Not Recommended,572410,33395899,Posted: 8 July,all,44,war game is better which is why more people play it.
76561198019149389,Not Recommended,572410,31983342,Posted: 26 May,all,madav1138,"Alrighty then,I purchased this game hoping that it was the successor to Wargame, and was an advancement in the franshise, or a natural progression. I mean many times in the Wargame chat people would express the desire to have one set in WW2.  This game has the ""deck"" elements and some of them from Wargame, but IT IS NOT WARGAME at all.This is a poor excuse for a multiplayer RTS.  It's really bad.  I just have to warn people especially Wargame fans that its not going to meet your expectations.First, the game is dead.  There are no matches!  To navigate to a match, its in the custom match link and then is 0/0 on 99% of the servers.Secondly, I tried out the solo, and ariplanes cannot be shot down.  Also, the health bar on enemy units seem to magically replenish at will or maybe thats a moral bar?  Who the hell knows...who the hell cares?  Your units freak out an flee as soon as something goes boom near them.  And like in Total war, once they route thats it, you can count them out of the match entirely. Also, you cannot repair your units with supply trucks, why not?  That's so stupid, you get a tank that attains elite status but then blows up moments later because he can't heal?  Stupid.Third, the graphics and sound are a joke.  I just can't believe this game came out in its current state.  I feel like this game was a never finished early access game.  Bugs, over powered and under powered units, lack of variety of units. It's really sad.Conclusion:DO NOT BUY. This game doesn't have the content worthy of the price tag. This is a $19.99 bargain bin game, that really Eugen is just trying to siphon off Wargamers and tricking them into believing its Wargame 1944.  Paradox is a terrible game company and has barely a few hits and it is mind boggling that EUGEN can't seem to pair up with a REAL gaming company to make a good game to expand their player base.BUYER BEWARE: I have requested a refund of this game."
,Not Recommended,572410,31056777,Posted: 10 April,all,KiloEchoKilo,"Only played the beta so far, but:Game felt too slow paced. Was expecting Wargame but WW2, instead it felt odd, different, and all around an unpleasant experience.In game units seemed to get supressed way too easily, leading to an advance get constantly stunted by a single mortar, fieldgun, or HMG as the majority of my forces would be forced to hit the dirt or flee and become utterly useless.Alternatively, a mildly spread out blob of cheapo units can quickly overrun your defensive line if you don't expect it - and if that's the case your infantry and emplacements become utterly useless at anything except dying.Overall felt like there were no varied tactics to be played out like I'd seen in previous Eugen games.Air combat was pretty sweet though - perhaps the one thing that felt right with this game.ended up just opting for a refund."
76561197983526841,Not Recommended,572410,31226370,Posted: 18 April,all,dharvey7,"The game itself is very condescending. Like it was made for middle schoolers as an intro to RTS. Maybe more like training wheels for COH, that's saying alot!Lazy lazy lazy gamemaking...More like steal division.You want to do something other than scout for the first 5 or whatever minutes? too bad! big brother Eugen is going to hold your hand while the timer counts down to attack phase. Now Junior the red lines show you where the enemy is so scout that way ok Junior? Not too much room to scout because I don't want you to get lost on the big scary map!And the lazy gamemaking part. Things like my tank taking tons of fire and I click on it to hear the radio say calmly, ""hand me the map, private."" Or the Jeep that says, ""10-4 good buddy!"" didn't know 70's CB radio lingo was a thing in WW2 frontline combat but hey this game is here to learn us all something new.Blitzkrieg 3 is much better than this with absolutely no handholding. I had big expectations for this title but it's more dumb games for dumb players."
,Not Recommended,572410,30970021,Posted: 5 April,all,Necidious,"For those who like Wargame and the second World War, then this would be something for you. Personally, to me, the game feels and plays like a cheap copy of Wargame.. a total conversion at best. Wargame's ""battlegroups"" are present and were practically copied.I just don't feel like it's worth 40 euro, though, thus cannot recommend this at its current price. Everything's the same as Wargame except with different looking units. Grab it when it's on sale, I'd say.Sorry, I really wanted to like this. :("
76561198064646091,Not Recommended,572410,32306695,Posted: 9 June,all,greyz4dayz,"Downloaded, but crash error at launch. Does not work."
,Not Recommended,572410,31275472,Posted: 21 April,all,FabbiX,"As a big fan of both the Wargame series and Paradox it saddens me that I can't recommend this game right now. I hope that the problems that this game has will be fixed as the game moves out of beta but to be honest I am not very hopefull.The biggest problem this game has is the morale system. The morale system allows you to make any attempt of an assault run away if you simply shoot a few rounds of artillery towards it. It also makes it so that air panicks and flies away if it they come anywhere near an AA-unit.I don't think anti-air can actually shoot down the planes though, I've actually never seen a plane get shot down by anything but another plane so far.Tanks have the same problem, they are really hard to kill, but making them run away is way too easy, simply shoot some artillery shells in their direction, or miss a few shot with another tank that can't penetrate it anyway, and the tank will run away.The frontline system is not terrible from a gameplay perspective, but it makes any kind of stealth or flanking pretty much impossible and makes the game feel even more arcade.The graphics feels very cartoony (not only because the battlefield is mostly covered in red and blue from the frontline system) and the game has a pretty low degree of realism, with the Jumbo having thicker armor than the King Tiger for example."
,Not Recommended,572410,31260967,Posted: 20 April,all,blitskikker,n.b. this is a review of the betaThe game mechanics are extremely simplistic; it's a infantry-armor-airplanes (read rock-paper-scissors) where cover and lines of sight matter very little. The simplistic nature of the skirmishes is exacerbated by the fact that some units are extremely powerful compared to the rest.refunded after 90 minutes
76561198095124172,Not Recommended,572410,31209910,Posted: 17 April,all,Not The Nazi Party,"Fix this ♥♥♥♥ing game, multiple strafings with rocket planes and panzer 4 on a stuart tank. The stuart still manages to destroy  my panzer 4 on the first hit. Game is far from finished."
,Not Recommended,572410,31712502,Posted: 12 May,all,hi,"get this game if you're masochistic and if you're an expert with the prior wargame games. Learning curve, is more like a learning cliff, and no one has time for that♥♥♥♥♥♥edit: typo"
76561197970800719,Not Recommended,572410,31144862,Posted: 14 April,all,PFC Dance { Ger },I played a few Hours....and for now i must say pretty boring game...40 euros is way to much....wait for sale...
76561198003606363,Not Recommended,572410,32234481,Posted: 7 June,all,EffUrDayUp,too slow pace
76561198057556638,Not Recommended,572410,31272933,Posted: 21 April,all,Dawso,"i got a refund on this one. bought it for about 80 AUD and refunded it after 70 mins gameplay. it's no where near complete when i played it. all you could do is multiplayer and it seemed quite unbalanced. AA is useless and i found i would just completely get wiped out online while making little effect on the enemy. other time it would be reverse, i would wipe them out without losing anyone. i love the series and i will definately rebuy this when it's complete."
76561198053050270,Not Recommended,572410,31263221,Posted: 20 April,all,desert fox,"IF THE MECANICS OF THE GAME WERE LIKE THE WAR GAME SERIES. eropean escalation,red dragon, I WOULD  LOVE THE GAME BUT NO"
76561198042836176,Not Recommended,572410,33526564,Posted: 13 July,all,King Meep Moorp,They put Michael Wittmann  in the game and he doesnt even voice act himself.
,Not Recommended,572410,31240019,Posted: 19 April,all,Trust in the Lord,"SD played fine until the supposed update today. Now it crashes when I try to edit or create a Battalion/Deck. It also crashes/ goes to a black screen with only cursor, and never loads the rest of the way. Terrible update. This is basically a different version of Wargame, no better than an expansion really. Although I sort of like it, I have to thumbs down due to patch breaking my game and wasting my money on a product/service that no longer works.I tried several ""fixes"" that have been posted and nothing works or fixes a thing except wasting my time and increasing my frustration.Also, kids probably  play this, and the lack of language filters IMHO is a big negative. Isn't it time for adults to act like adults, even game developers?Update: I have now gotten SD to work again, but so far I have to leave it at a thumbs down"
76561198025444136,Not Recommended,572410,31547551,Posted: 4 May,all,Brick City,"Fatal error off the bat?! Can’t even play the game, not looking good, refunding till they fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198030945164,Not Recommended,572410,30984611,Posted: 6 April,all,Rudel,"Stay clear of this if you haven't played Ruse or Wargame. Or if you like playing a game without any guidance at all. Wait for the final release. Just to be clear - the game does look quite cool, but unless you already know what you will be doing here, don't buy it. Wait a few weeks. Then buy it."
,Not Recommended,572410,31912994,Posted: 22 May,all,Mister Blin,You had since Red Dragon to fix airplanes.You still did not fix airplanes.
,Not Recommended,572410,31545982,Posted: 4 May,all,Shelanoir,"Micromanagement ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t: The GameUnit AI might as well be nonexistant, and microing 30+ units down to every single shot they take is just ridiculous."
76561198031896488,Not Recommended,572410,32240710,Posted: 7 June,all,herttoniemi,"Not good. The game is all over the place. Good try paradox, but just no. 0/10"
76561198031540618,Not Recommended,572410,31876862,Posted: 21 May,all,Mattbeasty,"Im sure this is a great game but at the moment I cannot change any of the graphic/video settings, if I do the game crashes immediately and quits back to desktop with a critical error message.And judging by the general discussion going on for this game  many poeple are having the same issue.Also when I bought thre game I did not realise it was a pre order beta, I might of missed that. Lots of things missing in the game at the moment, not being able to do the tutorial is not helpful at all although I love the Wargame series and it looks very similar."
,Not Recommended,572410,32018917,Posted: 28 May,all,Eppu,Good game it doesn't have Finland in it though.
,Not Recommended,572410,32046376,Posted: 29 May,all,sAiiNt,"No multiplayer match making, the game is dead alreadyits a pity because I really love these types of games but 40quid for just single player is not worth it.Price drop should come in the next few months might pick it back up then.But the fact that No one is playing multiplayer just doesn't make it worth its price.Just for a quick example, I tried searching a 2v2It told me 8 players were searching for a 2v2 (JUST 8 OUT OF 2K ONLINE)and after 15 minutes of waiting I got fed up and leftHow can it take 15 minutes to find a game of 2v2 when 8 GOD DAMN PEOPLE ARE SEARCHING FOR ONE???either way, the game is great, the graphics are brilliantI love it, but no mp well then its pointless."
76561198034359392,Not Recommended,572410,32221794,Posted: 6 June,all,-=WilD=-,"Ok so after buying it, and playing it for a short while here is my virdict:5\10- Tiny Maps- Only 2 nations, USA or Germany- Even when playing as other nations like italians or french, they use USA or German units- Very limited units diversity- Bombers or Fighters are ""moral"" based, they have no HP and usually are not desotryed, very easy to use to take out enemy armorRed Dragon is x1000 times more advanced in all espects"
76561198037341941,Not Recommended,572410,32008394,Posted: 27 May,all,dumbleraper,"I don't understand the good reviews.the graphics are not good.you have to play zoomed out then the graphics are just bad.the moving battle line is just annoying. you have to rush to grab stuff.the units move around in a clunky fashion, the interface is also not great.but most of all its just uninspiring, just like..... meh  - not one thing about the game is like ""oh wow check at that""just overall a definite no. just not fun or interesting."
,Not Recommended,572410,31049654,Posted: 9 April,all,waff,This is by far one of the WORST games ive played. Considering that it crashes for almost anything I do.>Boot up>Freeze>restart>actually able to get to main menu>click settings>freeze>restart and try again>able to change res>freeze>restart>go to solo game>select custom deck creation>freeze the moment i pick a groupWhat in the unholy ♥♥♥♥.i5 3570k OC'd to 4.2 ghz980ti16gbs of ram
76561198025173754,Not Recommended,572410,31026460,Posted: 8 April,all,Icedragon7445,Not to recommend in the current state.-not enough units-wonky air mechanics-graphic is a  step back from Wargame Red Dragon-aa disables heavy Tanks
,Not Recommended,572410,32266879,Posted: 8 June,all,Cosmia,too difficultI want difficulty switch in campaign
76561197967570841,Not Recommended,572410,31042744,Posted: 9 April,all,Tonton Flingueur,"Played all the wargames, more than 2000 hours on Red Dragon alone. This new Eugen is a complet crap, ugly as hell, very complicated for nothing, honestly avoid it."
76561198011174397,Not Recommended,572410,33983599,Posted: 2 August,all,ak_rider,"This is the first reivew i have ever written I just wanted to say this game sucks and I want my money back. My AI characters sit on thier♥♥♥♥♥and the recon units dont work worth a damn. Fun factor is a zero, If you want a fun RTS WWII game, play Men of War 2."
76561198059411672,Not Recommended,572410,30993328,Posted: 7 April,all,TheNewAgeOfRage,until germany is a actual balanced force that doesnt instantly faulter to american invinsa air and super tanks that can see and hit almost 2x that of german armor and there aircraft can actually be stopped by a 88mm and mulitple mobile and stationary aa i would just put on the wishlist and wait a while longer america can litearlly blitz you in minutes if they wanted to in the first stage and well most german tanks cant do anything onces b stage starts unless u rushed and spammed your way to there spawn and killed all there support tanks before they got aircraft cause unless your countering with aa gun and alot of them and then specially calling in your own fighter there plans will and can all your♥♥♥♥♥♥with 1 or 2 missles from the thunderbolt and that thing doesnt even rout unless its like a mile away from its target but if its aiming it need to be almost dead or loss its missles before it even tries to break off this is my first review and well i had better hopes for this game sense im a owner of all the wargames and have been sense there first releases and this is the only one so american overpowered that it cant even be a fun fair game between you and a friend cause the game will litearlly make anyone american act like they use depleted uranuim for shells and armor like they some how reskined m1abrums and use a10s reskined as thunderbolts well the folkwolf cant even kill a single cas aircraft even though fws are pretitor fighter that can shoot down anything from a grasshopper to a ♥♥♥♥ing superfortress if from behind
76561198145451665,Not Recommended,572410,35159213,Posted: 23 September,all,mikk111111,nah
,Not Recommended,572410,31926548,Posted: 23 May,all,Ravoss,"Expect to be against pre-mades and don't expect a good learning curve. The community is not overall a helpful one and after a year all that is left will be jaded, angry and very proud of their ingame achievements.You will be cheesed.You will not know the meta.Stick to the SP campaign."
76561198007467181,Not Recommended,572410,30992580,Posted: 7 April,all,Wolves in the Throne Room,"57 games in my Steam (including all the prior Wargame's) and this is the first refund I've processed. This looks like a cartoon.It just looks like crap. Utter crap.Somehow they have gone backwards on gameplay and on graphics. Whereas Wargame is a beautiful game to watch and play, this -on the max settings- looks like Wargame on its lowest.I can't believe that this is what they've made, it just looks silly and cartoony.If you think you want this, watch gameplay videos first."
,Not Recommended,572410,31094222,Posted: 12 April,all,Monty,"Alright so this game to me just feels like a wargame reskin but just worse. The game is just not fun . I dont think you should preorder it i suggest waiting for the game to improve, hopefully."
76561198065801891,Not Recommended,572410,31695853,Posted: 11 May,all,__BRYAN__,"dont recommend in its current form. Nothing like red dragon. Bad graphics, gameplay is poor. Units are not balanced. Contolling the map is very odd and ultimately not fun. Constantly feeling like I have to chase a stray unit that has snuck in between my inf units. Anti tank guns are way over powered. Takes the fun out of tank play since they are so slow moving."
76561197972629151,Not Recommended,572410,31927874,Posted: 23 May,all,Dr. Grant,Terrible balance. Low player pop online. Game HEAVILY favors defending to the point that makes it unplayable to take ground.
76561198017225118,Not Recommended,572410,31461314,Posted: 30 April,all,McJustin,"Very bad game overall. Need money refund. Dont buy it.Ok, edited reason:I own and played Wargame: European Escalation, Wargame: AirLand Battle, Wargame: Red Dragon + all dlc's (500+ PVP games), Wargame: Red Dragon my favorite game all time. I dont like Steel division because this game is cheap, imbalanced, simplified ripoff of Wargame: European Escalation in mechanics. Its huge step back after Wargame: Red Dragon. Dumbed infantry mechanics, infantry is useless in steel division (all infantry is same sh..), all mechanics is tanks and antitank guns microgaming and megahuge arty artying artying all the time. Steel diviosion multiplayer will be dead in two months after official release. We need wargame 4, not cheap ripoffs."
,Not Recommended,572410,31381348,Posted: 26 April,all,Elixx,"The idea of the game is pretty neat but as it stands now the game have some issues that make it hard for me to enjoy the game. Loads of crashes and unbalanced units, a control scheme that seems to have its own life or is slightly possesed by the devil. It would be optimistic if these issues are solved untill release. Overall the game gets boring rather quick, with the highlights beeing  content patches that throws all units in a blender wich needs more balance work to be enjoyable.Game sells itself as historically accurate yet many in the community seems to agrue what is or what is not correct. Maps are modeled after survailence photos but play out as a moba style game. Meaning the Omaha beach map pivoted so that allies dont actually attack from the beach and so on, i would not be supriced if allies would defend Berlin in a future dlc.Some issues to the state of the game and the overly toxic, elitist wargame community where devs seem to get off by letting people bully the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of people in chat and on forums.Game atm is pretty much axis turtling at the beginning of the map sniping with artillary that have nearly twice the range of allied artillary. When you complain about it people go ape♥♥♥♥♥♥in chat or on the forums, telling you to learn to play. I made a post on the forums about it and mods closed it down (as they also like to sent valid posts to katamari threads).I made another post on reddit about it and the mod then comes to reddit posting my name (agains the reddit rules) saying he had to shut it down cos of profanity, because i used the word ""Fu*k nerf artillary allready"". I agree thread got ugly from massive bullying with people telling me i was a troll or ret*rd beccause of my poor spelling (dyslexic).But the fun thing is, devs dont have the power to close my review, if you go check comments this community still try to bully me while the developer lies on about my use of profanity and that the had to cencor my posts (never happend, they just closed it as i said fu*k). Take a look at the comments on this review and ask yourself if you want to be apart of this community.I just cant recommend this game."
76561198026572633,Not Recommended,572410,31326596,Posted: 23 April,all,darky,Wargame:Red Dragon is much better. What a pity. I made a refund request.
76561197970524761,Not Recommended,572410,31927956,Posted: 23 May,all,d0rian,"Wargame: Airland Battle is better.this one is ok, same ppl right?  but it feels like they went backward with it.  Almost seems unfinished.Are they going to rely on mods to polish it up?And the voice acting is not good.  cliche and unrealistic.    Constant banter of stupid phrases. Example: the truck drivers say ""10-4"", thats 70's CB lingo.  Its{LINK REMOVED}dumb...why?!?Is there an option to turn it off?   The movie real voice acting is cheezy.Again. why?They made a great game with Wargame: Airland Battle, why mess that up.I do like the A-B-C phase equipment feature.  Air battles seem ok.....Air interdiction does not seem overpowered.pretty much I  give the game a  7/10.  buy it when it is on discount"
76561197986995614,Not Recommended,572410,32010613,Posted: 27 May,all,Slytiger,Fix your f*king game and maybe you'll get a good review.
76561198075997911,Not Recommended,572410,34488652,Posted: 25 August,all,Yellow,"Rubbish graphics, not even close to World in Conflict series. Waste of money..."
,Recommended,572410,30999421,Posted: 7 April,all,Guardian_Angel,"I won't go over eugens' classic gameplay mechanics, I just want to address the horrible graphics that are presented in the game right now. Because they are EVEN WORSE than ones in their own Wargame franchise!- Infantry detalization is awful and their faces aren't even recongnizable- Explosion SFX is cartoonish and disappears right after the initiation.- Wheat Fields look like they were taken from Minecraft- Some objects and units are out of proportion (Tiny tanks and gigantic trucks as an example)- Field Guns have no kickback- Artillerists don't reload field guns, they are just chilling near it.- Anti-Air Tanks and MGs have shellless ammunition- Fire is cartoonish- Mortar-APCs and SPA have nobody operating the gun in them- Bump Mapping and tesselationg aren't working most of the time- Barrel Flash for Tanks along with the smoke appears far above the barrel itself.- Plane wheels have less polygons than a spare wheel on the back of some othere vehicles- Tracers are low-quality sprites that look more like lasers than actual tracers and appear after every shot- Planes seem like fans of Star Fox as they do constant barrel rolls after getting shot down and then disappear in the ground with no ploughing or at least a black trail.- Death of the crew triggers vehicle explosion (WTF).- Field gun explosion is bigger than a 155-mm shell explosion.- The only difference between a combat-capable and wrecked tank is a stain of oil on and below it.- Field guns can also be covered in oil- Every Unit in the game turns into a sprite if you scroll out far enough.- Water in dirt puddles is basically a sea water layer.And it keeps going...I'm sorry, but I can't enjoy an RTS if the battles in it are made like in an Indie Star Wars fanfic.Why couldn't you just take the nice groundwork from Act of Agression and apply it to this game, devs?"
76561197974026700,Not Recommended,572410,31015601,Posted: 8 April,all,Yusho,"I was expecting a wargame in a WWII but it's a huge step back even compared to the first one.- The Phase system is horrible and makes balancing even more awkward- Grafics are at a new low- fallback system is broken- line of sight from units is very hard to see- menu and serverbrowser not intuitive and not giving much information- pathfinding really bad, tanks always turning their back, fast travelling buggy as hell"
76561197974418161,Not Recommended,572410,31290705,Posted: 22 April,all,horsesarse,Not nearly as good as Wargame:Airland battle. It is hard to see what is happening on the battlefield. Too bad that they wont upgrade ALB and make some new maps on it. This is just reinventing of the weel for making more money.
,Not Recommended,572410,31185025,Posted: 16 April,all,GLUTEUS MAXIMUS,"Would have been good if it was ""Wargame"" set in WW2.But it's a failed mix between wargame and RUSE that isn't enjoyable at all."
76561197977260302,Not Recommended,572410,31155282,Posted: 15 April,all,Wibble the Obscure,"There are some terrible balance issues with this game.For example, in the last game i had a Jumbo literally waltz through an entire flank.Against it I had:1x 50mm AT1x MG2x Panzershreck units2x PzGrenadiers1x PzIVall covering that flank.. it smashed them with barely a chance for them to shoot back.What did it for me was a 75mm AT gun SETTNG UP in the MIDDLE OF THE STREET yet still managing to tear through 2x Squads and 1x 75mm SPW. My Squads were in COVER right next door to it (as it was setting up) and yet they were chewed up and spat out by this single AT gun.The forums are full of complaints about balance, and now i can see why."
76561198018650806,Not Recommended,572410,31691317,Posted: 11 May,all,Sir Felix,"Game is very BAD ! Do not buy in pre-release state ! Zero balancing, zero tutorials, many visual glitches on ultra settings."
,Not Recommended,572410,32003377,Posted: 27 May,all,Storm,Don't appear to enjoy playing as the Germans or the developers will ban you and call you a Nazi. Too bad I can't get a refund.
76561197968045482,Not Recommended,572410,31385066,Posted: 26 April,all,CptShaft,Is an ok game looks a lot like the old ruse game. I just have issues that is lagging like hell when i play this maybe it will be fixed in the future. I wouldnt recommend this in the current state.
76561198037076917,Not Recommended,572410,32162958,Posted: 3 June,all,lonien,"worst p.c game ever, i have bought a lot, save your money"
76561198372382148,Not Recommended,572410,33891906,Posted: 29 July,all,jkg11693,"This game is terrible,I could go into a long diatribe about this game but all i will say is that their are much better games for the price.Ashame i can't get my money back."
,Not Recommended,572410,31085606,Posted: 11 April,all,Vortyrion,Bugy mess
,Not Recommended,572410,30973729,Posted: 5 April,all,noc9109,"Misleading screenshots and video, the real graphic is...... whatever, go COH2, go Wargame, but not this.Every wargame's beta is very close to it's final, but what the xxx is this ?"
76561197981443937,Not Recommended,572410,32640769,Posted: 22 June,all,TheRegulator,"If your a hardcore strategy player sure . . . But else it boring after some hours play.  To complex and to many things to deal with in real time battel. Grafics are not really impressing ither.  It cant beat COH2 when it comes to be durability of playing, so ill recommend it instead, after playing that game 10 years+ and still playing it."
76561198262369392,Not Recommended,572410,30992965,Posted: 7 April,all,BraxtonUSMC,its a cheap knock off of wargame airland battle but ww2 and nothing dies like it should ex: a p-51 shooting the hell out of a bi-plane and an anti-aircraft shooting it it just shrugs it off and flys home.
76561198045651442,Not Recommended,572410,32163211,Posted: 3 June,all,MR76251,epic fail of a game 2 thumbs way down PLEASE MAKE A NEW WAR GAME !
,Not Recommended,572410,31976502,Posted: 26 May,all,!!!BeepBeep- PVE/All Nations OK,RIPReleased this month and its already deadpls do not buy it if u like multiplayer or coop
76561197980412549,Not Recommended,572410,31022042,Posted: 8 April,all,Rabidnid,"Fine, the long review. This is mostly a direct comparison to Red Dragon so wiill not make much sense without a knowledge of that game.Sectors have been replaced with timed phases. Every Division (deck) has a set income in each of these timed phases which can go up if they are being successful taking ground - overall vastly superior to secotrs.Route mapping by units during a fast move is far superior.Supply now only replaces ammunition and there is no ingame repair  or infantry replacement. More realistic than RD.Hit points for units are gone. AT weapons now have a percentage chance of hilling an opposing vehicle. Vehicles being hit without penetration suffer moral damage and ""fall back"" when their panic bar is full. Which results in your vehicles wandering about being shot at rather than staying in cover like they are supposed to.Infantry are now much more vulnerable because Eugen screwed up buildings - which can now be destroyed. A single infantry unit can occpy a set of buildings. There are no longer grouped units in the game. When the building is destroyed it becomes impassable terrain to new units including infantry. Only a unit that was in the building before it was destroyed can occupy it.  This basically makes keeping infantry alive nearly impossible, as the indirect assets in the game are greater than that of red dragon. Also keeping in mind that units cannot be reinforced or amalgamatedImagine Red Drgon where all of the artillery in the support tab is actually useable, and there is addtional even harder hitting off map artillery. Add to that the bombs from planes being much more effective with much greater AOE and you have Steel Division.Oh, and tanks that have suffered moral damage from artillery also fall back, so that your carefully organised defensive line can be completely eliminated by some off map artillery and an air strike.So yeah, all the air and artillery spam of Red Dragon with more fragile units moving at 2/3rds the speed - plus nazis."
76561197970833823,Not Recommended,572410,31939731,Posted: 24 May,all,Tankard,crash crash crash crahs......  WTF?!!How can anybody relase a game at this stage??Refound here i come...
,Not Recommended,572410,31061634,Posted: 10 April,all,啦啦啦12138,"I think Steel Division is just worth 10$,its can’t worth any more in my eyes.This game is not worth than Men of War!This game is not worth than Men of War!This game is not worth than Men of War!Here have * reason can prove my point.1、Image quality:Eugen Systems Steel Division look like a cartoon.However Wargame’s image more comfortable more natrua than Steel Division.Wargame’s Image is more better than Steel Division.2、Map:I feel SD’s map is kid like MOW’s size.Wargame’s map is bigger than SD’s map.3、Anti-Tank:This is a big problem in test.AT is so tough!When AT arrive battle and loaded.You couldn’t help feeling the AT’s fire power was invincible.AT have very well significant effect for destroy any land unit,especially FlaK41!Flak41 effects far beyond Wargame’s Patriot,if you wanna destroy FlaK41 you must use heavy artillery.If you own enough Flak41,you win!4、Anti-Air:AA have very well significant effect to kill infantry,but AA is too weak to attack aircraft.I remember one time my “Typhoon” flew around in enemy area,four Bofors40s attack my aircraft,but my aircraft back home with unscathed.5、Infantry:infantry is so uselessness.Any unit can kill infantry very easy unless infantry hiding in the building."
76561198018808392,Not Recommended,572410,30972785,Posted: 5 April,all,Paco_Suave,"its not good, ruse is better"
76561198096482164,Not Recommended,572410,31056711,Posted: 10 April,all,Landϟer,"This game is awful. The maps are awful, the two gamemodes are awful, the frontline mechanic is awful, the gameplay is awful, the crocodile beats everything, infantry is awful, dogfights are autistic jousts. Eugen what the ♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,572410,30980535,Posted: 6 April,all,TomperTheStomper,"DO NOT buy this game. Definitely not if you don't have experience with previous simulated RTS games.the first 15 minutes i played were just waiting for the game to load into the main menu. After that you have to waste your time deciding which characters you want to use during different phases. Some people just want to get right into the game and not waste time setting up some kind of strategy for an army..Everything looked interesting, decent framerate but then....The gameplay was absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Random spray fights when infantry is in opposite buildings of eachother. Very little interesting action, either everyone dies instantly or it takes forever to kill eachother. Barely any power to decently control your units. Random rushes through some flanks or blind spots will ♥♥♥♥ you up. Tanks can get basically one-shot by anything except standard infantry or supports.Really unbalanced and encourages camping.People basically get stressed out and retreat IMMEDIATELY.Basically if you spam anti-tank guns and tanks to accompany them, you win. Apparently when infantry walks besides a wall, they are absolutely visible and are sprayed down (through the wall.)Apparently you are expected to spend hours in reading the guide and perfectly getting to know the game before you can start having fun. That's not a very good game in my book.IMO a very boring game, poorly made with few content and basically a lesser version of Men of War: Assault squad.Worst paradox game ever.P.S. Watch out, the fanboys of this game will come for you if you have a different opinion and don't like their beloved game :("
76561198104978533,Not Recommended,572410,33374701,Posted: 8 July,all,Rodrigo Carolo,negative because the low price
,Not Recommended,572410,31049949,Posted: 9 April,all,Anonymous Theory,This game does not work at all for me!  Complete waste of time!  I contacted Steam several times to help with the problem but all they did was emailed me automated messages pertaining to trouble shooting the situation myself.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!  IT IS CORRUPT.
,Not Recommended,572410,31911008,Posted: 22 May,all,TheCrippler,It's just another clone of the same beaten horse Eugen sold us since Airland Battle. AVOID!
76561198043385899,Not Recommended,572410,31022789,Posted: 8 April,all,DiddlerOnTheRoof,Terrible Wargame Retexture : In Effect.Just a pathetic effort really.The game is not balancedInfantry can fire their weapons up to a whopping 75 yardsM5 Stuart's are apparently TankKillers (brutal joke)Graphics are subparEffects are subparThewhole♥♥♥♥inggame is subparBuy Literally anything else worth $40
,Not Recommended,572410,31304316,Posted: 22 April,all,My Dude,"As of July 27th... yup still bad.Worst strategy game ever made my either of these devs. A huge dissapointment.Battle line system is stupid.Battle phase system is stupid.LOS system is the worst I've seen in any game.""Deck building"" is far worse than the wargame series.Also this is another one of those games where ""beta/early access"" is pretty much the final game. Not much has changed aside from adding more of the same, re-skinned units.Go play the other Eugen games, wargame is better in every possible way. #downvotemefanboys"
76561198008446346,Not Recommended,572410,31950872,Posted: 25 May,all,realninja,"game is extremly hard, ai just kills you in the campaigns first mission. When u try to fight back u have no chance. Everything u send at them gets wiped out in  1 second... Fun game if u like screaming and banging the desk, and throw the mouse in the wall."
,Not Recommended,572410,32070826,Posted: 30 May,all,Zarniwoop,Played 8 minutes. Base your purchase on this review. I know what I'm on about.Not.
76561197982413658,Not Recommended,572410,31167452,Posted: 15 April,all,rAttmAniA,They could have made money from me just doing a WW2 version of Red Dragon insread they changed it and it SUCKS.
,Not Recommended,572410,32004886,Posted: 27 May,all,Soggy Peach,nope
,Not Recommended,572410,31933340,Posted: 24 May,all,Goshujinsama,too lag can't play
,Not Recommended,572410,31802894,Posted: 17 May,all,Microsoft excel 2037,"The game in its current state isn't worth it yet because there are some annoying things about the gamplay that makes it really hard to play; like the fall back system, if you attack with around 6 tanks and the enemy has 1 rocket artillery car it can easily makes your tanks all fall back, the same thing for planes who will fall back a few seconds before it can drop his bombs because it can't resist the fire, but at the other side u need an enourmous amount of aa emplacements to shoot down 1 plane.In the future if they fix the aa system and the fall back system it might actually be really playable, but for now its not worth it"
,Not Recommended,572410,31933838,Posted: 24 May,all,Lt.Chris,more intresting watching paint dry....
76561198021687064,Not Recommended,572410,31835880,Posted: 19 May,all,terry1956,boring
,Not Recommended,572410,31011558,Posted: 7 April,all,O M N I,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!
76561197970763652,Not Recommended,572410,30967131,Posted: 5 April,all,Xen DK,Not goodStill Not good
,Recommended,572410,31293794,Posted: 22 April,all,KingV,highly recommend
76561198380061301,Recommended,572410,31292743,Posted: 22 April,all,peter_stacey,"Just came across the new game and absolutely love it. Really looking forward to the full release, but the pre-release is still excellent."
76561197972033274,Recommended,572410,31265638,Posted: 20 April,all,TexRoadkill,Best Eugen game so far! The slower speed makes the game more tactical.  Tank rushes are a thing of the past.
76561198326588911,Recommended,572410,31304066,Posted: 22 April,all,Otto,Enemy sent in all of his troops only to get run over by my Panzer Divisions. Would recommend.
76561198098213771,Recommended,572410,30986137,Posted: 6 April,all,Bmoney,"I love the Wargame franchise, and thats what I expected this game to play like. Unfortunately, it is not. In skirmish mode, every battle is played out like a meeting engagement, something that can be fun for a few games but after that it gets old. This is most defintely because it is early access, but I hope both Eugen and Paradox add more features quickly to make it a more enjoyable game. Also not too happy with the UI and control of separate units as of right now.Got the combat system down and I love the new divisions. Can't wait for the full game release"
76561198005875628,Recommended,572410,31334631,Posted: 23 April,all,SystemShock,"This is a short review of my own experience playing the Beta version so far. For WWII wargamers this game will immerse you in the bitter bocage fighting in Normandie where the game rewards you for using real world tactics to win the battle.The myriad of units in both sets of armies are reproduced in great detail from the Panther tanks that you can call upon, 88 Flak guns, 17 pounders for the Brits and P-38s for the US. Both Axis and Allied armies are depicted via a predetermined choice of the Divisions that you will base your battle group on.You have the 12th &17th SS and the 91st Luftlande Div for the Germans and 3 Allied divisions made of 2 US and 1 British Div. The 3 phases of the battle means that you would be sending in the recce forces during the first phase and it then escalates to where you get access to heavier units as the battle moves in the 3rd phase. Multi-player is where the game shines though in Beta as the battle map are expanded to accommodate your 'neighbouring' divisions and units can co-mingle and support each other to seal off penetrations or to penetrate the enemy defence lines.There is a healthy interest to play both sides from what I have seen so far that would prevent the long wait times of COH2 where not many wants to play Allied. Alright now give this game a try, and add me on Steam if you do. You won't regret it!"
76561198010575371,Recommended,572410,31226628,Posted: 18 April,all,SoulHunter,The 10v10 Tactical smash and realism of building your own companies from units that participated in the theatre and pitting them against others is mind blowing. Best game of its type i have seen in years. HIGHLY RECOMMEND if you enjoy WW2 history.
76561198027499953,Recommended,572410,31067178,Posted: 10 April,all,Frulla,For the price you get a kick♥♥♥♥♥intense experienceImpressive AI combatPVP is on the edge of your seat intense due to the ever changing battle fieldYou may think you have an edge but you never know what your enemy has that can flip the battle in their favor at a moments noticeBeautiful graphics and  a decent soundtrackWARNING: DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT A CHALLENGE
76561198040365604,Recommended,572410,31252583,Posted: 20 April,all,Pvt Numnutz,"fun game, a bit of bugs. But, I believe its worth the money."
,Recommended,572410,31234257,Posted: 19 April,all,Herr Karlos,"Great game, waiting for the full thing."
76561198147817448,Recommended,572410,31235061,Posted: 19 April,all,Alberto,"do you even have to scroll down you imbecile, buy it! it is a great game, the greatest of all. seriously, this game is a masterpiece.. different from traditional RTSs but still more fun.. I LOVE IT SO BLOODY MUCH!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,572410,31009012,Posted: 7 April,all,Military Turtle,Planes seem to be near impossible to take out.Tanks can be forced to 'Fall Back' by just near by explosions.US Infantry can easily over power German Infantry.Simple vehicles travel very slow even on roads unless you press a button (Would like to be able to just double click and they move fast).
76561198060996350,Recommended,572410,31011387,Posted: 7 April,all,narc,"I highly recommend if you - 1. like wargame/tactical rts.2. missed ww2 games in general3,  intrested in last part of ww2.preorder or not is up to you. game have some issues with stability, balance is questionable, amount of content is poor ( but it`s beta so it`s ok)But i  really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,572410,31010147,Posted: 7 April,all,Yung Dollaz,"Simply put, this game combines the best aspects of Wargame and R.U.S.E. into one addictive package. Much less stressful than wargame, which means I can play it all day long without getting burnt out. Was planning on returning this before the beta ended but I'm going to surely purchase this game now!"
76561198055019589,Recommended,572410,31009731,Posted: 7 April,all,NonConsensualMedicine,"Using the frontline mechanic with a progressing combat phases system and very distinct divisions in a time period where mobile warfare ruled supreme yet was still in it's infancy, Steel Division: Normandy 1944 adds a well calculated and diverse strategy game where you must move your offense wisely and supported while desperately defending against the enemy with many possible tricks up your sleeve. Shrubs, crops, buildings, roads, ammunition and fuel add variables, complications, and advantages to your strategy. The best I could describe this game in its current state is near if not already perfect. I can comftorably say that this is one of the best strategy games ever made. If you want this compared to Wargame, I'd say it hardly stands up to it."
76561198007033308,Recommended,572410,31009481,Posted: 7 April,all,sandman2575,"Really enjoying this so far, even in the Beta with only 2 maps / 4 divisions released. As someone who loves but often stuggles with the pace of Wargame: Red Dragon, I'm finding Steel Division plays a little 'slower' -- in part of course due to the fact that WW2 vehicles / aircraft are a lot slower than modern military equipment. I prefer the somewhat more deliberate pace of SD'44. Units seem to survive longer; infantry seem less 'squishy' than in Wargame.Really like the dynamic front-line and the fact that you no longer have to cap territories with Command Vehicles. Love the phased ""A,B,C"" development of the combat, which makes for some interesting decisions / trade offs in building your decks. And love that the decks are based on historical divisions.Overally, Beta is very impressive and have high hopes that the full-release is going to be a fantastic game, every bit a worthy successor to the excellent Wargame series."
76561198066075609,Recommended,572410,31006895,Posted: 7 April,all,Yuri_Gigarin,"For starters the game works, granted some people have been having trouble with it crashing on launch but there is a way to fix it. For it being in beta it's quite fun, granted the graphics may have been a little lacking but I'm hopeful it will be better by the games release day, there are only 4 regiments availabe (2 axis/ 2 allies) but I would imagine they will be releasing more up to the games release but either way you can still have fun creating decks with the current units available. To me it's worth the price for the standard edition, but the deluxe edition, unless you are a streamer or hardcore eugen fan I wouln't reccomend the deluxe edition. Multiplayer is functional, there are some new features but my favorite is pre deployment move orders. All in all 8/10 would reccomend."
76561197991495786,Recommended,572410,31019937,Posted: 8 April,all,-=RO=-camarradu,"It is a good game, I like it alot until now. The only problem that the developers hope will solve it is: when you play skirmish, with total destruction and no time limit, it is impossible to finish the game as winner. There were no enemies on the ground or air and all the terain was captured by me and still no victory. I had to surender to end the game.I wait with entusiasm for the capaign and other battle groups."
76561198063804025,Recommended,572410,31027282,Posted: 8 April,all,StepDadHulkHogan,"Love it. The Beta rules, cant wait for the full game!"
,Recommended,572410,31004972,Posted: 7 April,all,[ZZK]storm22,"All in all its a nice game with potential and a good choice for people who like ww2 strategy games and who played the wargame series, but their new stress-system is sometimes weird and unrealisticand confusing.pros:-good ww2 athmosphare-nice graphics (better don't expect AAA frostbite graphics)-good amount of different units, even in the betacons-sometimes unrealistic combat situations like halftracks getting hit multiple times by anti tank gun and are still alive-sometimes units get stressed and pinned down very quick and stop shooting at the enemybut for a beta it is a good game"
,Recommended,572410,31063314,Posted: 10 April,all,bigcheeseuk,"Really enjoying this game in its present state and it's only a fraction of what is going to be released. Lot's of modding potential, I can see it being a huge hit for the next decade."
,Recommended,572410,31067351,Posted: 10 April,all,David 'Yolotard' Beatty,"I am really impressed with this title. I liked the Wargame series and I liked RUSE. I also liked World in Conflict. This game is similar to these but also different. Its hard to explain but someone familiar with Wargame will feel comfortable with this game however using Wargame strategies will get you killed. This game is slower paced and more tactical than Wargame was. There is a real atmosphere of ""Hedgerow Hell"" as you navigate your Shermans down a small country lane only to have two of them detonate by a hidden anti tank gun.The line of sight mechanics and the way recon dominates really floats my boat. The synergy between the units on the field works really well and as such I can happily reccommend this game to people who liked Wargame or to people looking for a slower paced and more tactical RTS."
76561198015568136,Recommended,572410,31067035,Posted: 10 April,all,Itchy Crotchy,"Tried the Beta in CO-OP mode today with two friends and we had a blast,Coordination of combined arms is very intuitive and using support units / air strikes is important.One problem is that the Icons are way to small (talking about the icons that is displayed on the Towing vehicles... it's very hard to see if they are towing AA.. also friendly forces can also be hard to distuinguish using the current colour scheme.Although I've been a fan of the Battlefront style of games (especially their legendary CMBO and CMBB) I find this game highly enjoyable."
76561198144487243,Recommended,572410,31168334,Posted: 15 April,all,Easton H. Matthews,"I've never played any other ""wargames"" game, however this game has been a fun experience. The deck building system is a great, the units look good and historically accurate (they even have French Tanks for one of the german groups, that they had captured in 1941), and the game is fun. However the one bad thing is balancing, to me it almost seems if your units are killed in an engament based on a ""dice role,"" for instance my Stug 3 (anti-tank tank) had a hard time taking on a ChurchHill, which was not to fun, it ended up having to fall back. GERMAN TANKS ARE NOT STRONG IN THIS GAME."
76561197963621223,Recommended,572410,31177557,Posted: 16 April,all,NeverShift McDouche,"This is a proper sequel to the close combat series, with some added depth in some areas, and less in others. There are some issues that should be fixed such as better pathing (it's good, but not perfect). Would love to be more explicit with orders such as 'sneak' etc.All-in-all, 9.5/10, a must buy if you like a real tactical challenge."
76561198095985970,Recommended,572410,31174427,Posted: 16 April,all,Brozar,9/10 very tactical and funnn you can actually play 10v10 :p
76561197997294678,Recommended,572410,31168879,Posted: 15 April,all,Zukhov,"Probably the best WWII RTS I have played. Huge battles (up to 10 v 10), good mix of macro and micro managment. The realism level is high enough to satisfy but not high enough to destroy gameplay."
76561198030423718,Recommended,572410,31167089,Posted: 15 April,all,The_Doc068,"I believe that in its current state, the game is not worth the price.I bought the game while it was in early access and  asked for a refund.It shows lots of promise and I believe that it will be a great game once they flesh it out more.It feels and plays like a wonky mash up of RUSE and the EE (European Escalation) which makes the gameplay feel a little clunky.It feels very much like an early access title."
76561197992062484,Recommended,572410,31191516,Posted: 16 April,all,markwahlbang,"challenging and thought provoking, steep learning curve but fun, great community. Cant wait to see how the new factions turn out."
76561198006934964,Recommended,572410,31189432,Posted: 16 April,all,Logurt,"Steel Division doesn't suck, it's just got a steep learning curve. That's been true with the Wargame Franchise and most of the stuff Paradox publishes. Granted I've only got two hours in it right now, but I've enjoyed both of them. This is not an actions per minute tip game, of course there's micromanagement, but most of what you'll end up doing is based on tactics you can develop. Its an excellent game involving a lot of reacting to what your opponent does, or forcing them to react to what you do. I'd highly recomment making sure you work through some AI skirmishes to learn what beats what, and how to use a lot of units. Once I started doing that in Wargame I noticed I considerably improved in online play, although the AI can never be quite as smart or quite as stupid as some players you'll find online.Long and short of it is; git gud.Pros(That I can think of right now):Great map designDepth in units and historical accuracyABC stages of battle prevent idiotic spamming, mostlyKeeps a good solid paceThe two current game modes are funWargame players will love it, Eugene he is still awesomeCons:Learning curve; but again, git gudFrontline gives away enemy posistions too muchCurrently only 4 types of divisions that you can use(its a beta, definitely not an issue rn)Air raid warning defeats the ability to truly launch much of a suprise attackAlso, calling this right now, Paradox is gonne go HAM with DLC's because of course they will."
76561198055437618,Recommended,572410,31198576,Posted: 17 April,all,Merc,Very solid betapromissing prospect
,Recommended,572410,31160345,Posted: 15 April,all,McNipsy,Best RTS that's come out in years.
76561198003778364,Recommended,572410,30997406,Posted: 7 April,all,DPK[SKILLED FEEDING],"Compare to the total failure of dawn of war 3, I declare we have a RTS winner in 2017, and eugen is highly likely to replace the good-old-relic in my heart! this is the game you gonna buy when you want some RTS, if you are new to the series, take your time on learning (won't be hard), and you will be rewarded with satisfaction!(even comp stomp)Cons:*Stress mechanics, improved, but still needs lots of tweaks.*Arty spam are real ( well, it's better compare to the cluster party in wargame RD)*Tanks can't fix a broken truck behind enemy lines, crews definitely have spare tracks and pins on reserve.*No replenishment for crew/infantrie, fallschirmjager lives matter! Make them replenish-able, otherwise your expensive AT/AAA/infantrie will lost their effectiness as the battle progressing.Pros:*Good models! (compare to wargame)*Dev. are working on improving this game, and they've done a great job (slowly)*satisfaction on destroying enemy tanks*Buy this for 1944+ eastern front (since coh2 fails way too hard on representing a eastern front) I'm gonna bring more hopes to eugen*Not so micro intensive when playing 2v2+, (which also make wargame series so great)....far player friendly from Star Koreanft clicking feast.Last but not least, I hope dev take serious/cautious with their development of the game(and future eastern front/ wargame EE 2 series), they are gonna be the new old-awesome-Relic which was the dream maker for us aging RTS lovers(remember DOW1/COH1/homeworld 1&2 , anyone? )I had high hope for this game, if they keep improving it in the right direction(at least mine) such like ( crew/infantrie replenishment, repair for minor track damage, stress less impactful) , this game is a refreshment just like the COH1 and Wargame EE brought us if not more.At very very last, please Pardon my Engrish"
76561198008509065,Not Recommended,572410,31627858,Posted: 8 May,all,cavalry111scout,The AI cheats to badly. Your tank fires three shots and hits all over the place they fire one shot and your destroyed. happens more then it should. and not just with the tanks with basically anthing. you call in an airstrike as your planes drop and get forced evac.... their planes spawn and shot urs out of the sky. cant play this game. good idea and like the maps but you cant enjoy it.
,Recommended,572410,31683924,Posted: 11 May,all,JustKurt,(please read! (developers))Pro's:- good idea- good graphics- good sound- many units- good gamplay (Except for a few crashes and lags)- Beautiful german synchronization for the german troops- good performancecon's:- There is no realistic armor model (More realistic armor for the tanks)- Flaks are to weak against planes- Tutorials aren't enough for beginnersthings you can add:- Panzer III (M) <3- tech tree for weapon extensions- and nice features- mods or a workshop
,Recommended,572410,31464663,Posted: 30 April,all,Haddock,One Word: Xylophone.
76561198045453813,Recommended,572410,31557201,Posted: 5 May,all,Tazio,"Well, the Wargame series is one of the favorite games I have in my library. And that makes current situation to be confusing for me, at least.Steel Division has great potential in terms of features, game mechanics, and all the little nuances and details the game has. Art is nice too - no objections here.However, the strange and somnambulistic approach to the game balance which is being pushed by Eugene is frustrating. It appears that the devs do not have the goal to portray the history in some consistent or kind of pseudo-realistic way - to show how difficult and drammatic the battles in Normandy were. Rather, Eugene shows us kind of fictional US Hollywood-warhero supremacy over weak Germans.  Most of the german core units in the game are weaker then the allied ones. And with each new Beta Update the situation just becoming more and more annoying - the latest patch is almost infuriating in terms of a balance.I hope with the May Release the blance will be fixed. In that case Steel Division would be a great addition to any wargame player library. If not - well, then it would be a big disspointment.UPD: I have to admit - with the release and introduction of new divisions the situation with overall balance in the game improved. Though, german tanks cost/efficiency is worse than the US ones, and ger infantry is generally weaker (for a number of exceptions), powerfull AT guns and stronger aircraft makes the sides even. Changing recommendation to a positivie."
76561198007284124,Recommended,572410,31390261,Posted: 27 April,all,ESKEHL,"Wargame goes World War II !!My past with Eugen Systems is a very positive one. They were actually the ones who manage to release Act of War: Direct Action, a game reminiscent of C&C Generals but better in all aspects. They then did their first game with their Iriszoom engine called R.U.S.E. a magnificent game where you still built bases and played around with decoys to confuse your opponent about where you`re actual troops where massing. An interesting idea but it sort of went under the radar despite being a Ubisoft game. The Wargame series is where Eugen Systems first truelly epic contribution to the tactical RTS genre. Releasing a game which looks on the surface like ""World In Conflict"" Cold War going hot kind of game, but it has extreme realism and a pretty accurate depiction of tactics, weapons and units. I started playing the series with Wargame: Airland Battle extensively until Red Dragon came out and is probably one of the few who would argue that Airland Battle is the best in Wargame series. These games where released by Focus Home Interactive and I think it pretty much explains why Eugen Systems haven`t been noticed for their games. In comes Paradox Interactive and teams up with Eugen![Another Wargame, but better!]Steel Division: Normandy 44 is Eugen Systems first team up with Paradox. The game is probably whaqt many R.U.S.E and Wargame fans had been waiting for, a Eugen game set up in World War 2. And if you have played Wargame, the concept is pretty much the same. Compose a battlegroup and go into action either in skirmish or on multiplayer, or play through a short campaign describing the Normandy campaign from american, german and british perspectives.News for this time is that battles have been set up in three phases, were units are assigned to each phase. This is pretty much designed for small skirmishes in the beginning to escalate into proper chaos in mid late game. The game is very much about the tactics of warfare. Instead of having to capture points on a map like in Wargame, you mainly see just a moving frontline and holding as much of the map as possible guarantee a win, and depending on how much you hold, the more victory points are earned.The trick is that you are unaware of what caused the frontline to move, and what hides behind the fog of war and the same goes for your opponent. You can use scout aircraft or scouts on the ground to locate enemies and get an understanding of what opposition you are facing. But the lack of knowing what the enemies is throwing at you and from what direction makes this game feel a bit like R.U.S.E. when you used decoys. If you use this well you can get an advantage that takes some real effort from the opponent in order to dislodge you.Another big difference from Wargame is that confrontations are on a smaller scale. You no longer mass up a lot of tanks, infantry etc in one big group from deployment and give them orders. This time around microing units is key to success. And where you place individual units is very important. For example I had a scout in the right place during my first multiplayer session which allowed me to gain a good understanding of the composition of an armoured column heading my my way. Another example is when I had sneaked up a konigstiger behind a tree line and awaited an attack move by the Konigstiger in at a barn I was holding. I was able to flank and destroy 10-15 tanks and armoured transports with that single tank.Multiplayer and skirmish is very much recognisable from the Wargame series. However the Singleplayer campaign could have been done better. There is no tactical map, or any dynamic campaign in the style of those in Wargame: Airland Battle or in that of Red Dragon. It`s a linear map of different battles fought in Normandy campaign. It`s a good introduction to Steel Division`s other features but to be honest I did expect something more.ConclussionsSteel Division is an excellent game! It`s hailed among the reviewers and that is for a good reason, namely that this is as close you`ll get to have a realistic WW2 tactical RTS with good graphics and good emersion. Under Paradox flag, I`m excited to see where thay are takiong this rebranded Wargame next. A new series perhaps? Perhaps visiting the Eastern Front of World War 2? Korea? Vietnam? I`m just genuinely looking forward to Eugen Systems bright new future with Paradox! It`s a strong 9/10. A more engaging Singleplayer campaign would have pushed it over to a 10/10"
,Recommended,572410,30987297,Posted: 6 April,all,Roo Attachments,Love the new scoring system much better then Wargame I feel really a good game
76561198008239360,Recommended,572410,30977518,Posted: 6 April,all,rijuka75,"*SOLVED*They seem to work for a solution for the CTD and other crash issues quickly. Game got patch and seems to run now without CTDActually (06-April-2017) the beta seems to have some major issues with crashes, especially for combinations of win10 and nvidia cards.If unsure then better follow the discussion at the paradox forum and wait for a fix."
,Recommended,572410,31032590,Posted: 8 April,all,Vac,It is like a mix of RUSE and wargame but at the same time manages to give it many of its own twists that are very good like the frontline mechanic is comeplete genuis and the gameplay feels like a natrual rts i would give this game a 8/10 it could do with improvement on alot of things but i bought this game before it came out and tested it before it came out so its doing good with reg updates and it plays well
76561197965556207,Recommended,572410,31032380,Posted: 8 April,all,Yeager,"It's still in beta but this is another great RTS from Eugen, they never dissapoint.  If you are a fan of their Wargame series this is very similar but set in the WW2 era.  I half like the moving frontlines and half dont.  It is good in that it forces you to play the whole map instead of just focusing on control zones like the past Wargames.  I dont like that it reveals enemy pushes though.  There are only 4 playable divisions right now, they are supposed to have 18 by launch I believe, but anyone who has played Wargame Red Dragon knows that will only be the start.Anyway, if you like RTS games you'll like this or any of Eugen's strategy games, especially Wargame Red Dragon.  Eugen completely ruined other RTS games for me.  I tried to play Company of Heros again, couldn't do it.  Same goes for the Command and Conquers, Starcraft, and Supreme Commander, they just seem bland and seem to lack depth in comparison.  I am basically lumping this game into the Wargame series and they are by far the best RTS games in existence if you don't mind a steep learning curve."
76561198008152907,Recommended,572410,31032017,Posted: 8 April,all,buttheadjd,"This game take an interesting concept and applies it well. It is very enjoyable. I believe it to be a true to name RTS.  If you don't pay attention, or gain the intiative first, it will be hard to take it later game. There is a certain learning curve. this game is certainly worth it."
76561197971624187,Recommended,572410,31006108,Posted: 7 April,all,bones67,WOW! Amazingly well done.
76561198283509179,Recommended,572410,31006451,Posted: 7 April,all,Charlie.Decker,Amasing game even now!!! cant wait until it's finished!!
,Recommended,572410,31011299,Posted: 7 April,all,The Littlest Snowflake,"So far the Beta is great! Even though there are only 4 playable divisions at the moment, the gameplay is still captivating. The only con is that the Beta still has a few bugs during startup, but the developer is already aware of them and we will hopefull see some patches soon. I have loved games from Eugen and Paradox and this game is no exception. RTS for life!"
76561197981921612,Recommended,572410,31009439,Posted: 7 April,all,s-a-l-t-y,"All the best parts of WARGAME EUROPEAN ESCALATION (I have over 500hrs invested there) with some new angles.1.  The moving FRONTLINE mechanic from World in Conflict2.  Unit health replaced by a STRESS/SUPPRESSION mechanic.  Bold move, and I like it a lot.Strategically this game is already better than wargame (especially ALB/RD) and tactically it borrows from all the right places.  Can't wait to see where this ends up."
,Recommended,572410,31039877,Posted: 9 April,all,[V-M]Ranulf Wulfric,"Good fun, very much like Wargame air and land,"
76561197997036630,Recommended,572410,31039561,Posted: 9 April,all,Bobbie,Good game. New additions of frontlines and phases adds a whole new flavour to the RTS genre. One of my favourites games in a long time.
76561198061203978,Recommended,572410,31049796,Posted: 9 April,all,MONKAY,Its good but Wargame Red Dragon is better.  Deck customisation plays a massive factor in WG with so many approaches to your battle.  SD decks are limited and I believe every deck for each division for every player will be almost the same.  SD is fun but is a more simpler version of Wargame and lacks as much skill.
76561198253206571,Recommended,572410,31005253,Posted: 7 April,all,Commando,"With about 8.3 hours of playtime, at the time of this review i can say that this game is worth the $30 price tag. It is a while away from full release but i can say that i enjoy this game. 9/10"
76561198021654366,Recommended,572410,31052310,Posted: 9 April,all,SamRothstein,So far so good.  It's like a large scale version of Company of Heroes.
,Recommended,572410,31061892,Posted: 10 April,all,GespensterPanzer,The frontline mechanic is awesome. Gameplay is very similar to Wargame but it has some differences like penetration system. To sum up the game is excellent for RTS players who love WWII.
76561198077284368,Recommended,572410,31033725,Posted: 8 April,all,SeaPig,Very wounderful game that creates a very quick and easy system to learn. Love playing it!
76561198006624316,Recommended,572410,31994615,Posted: 27 May,all,[Grognard]_JC,"Most reviewers have 4-15hours on record. So I hope that withma,y more hours played, someone will read this.I've been in the early access beta and the game was great in multiplayer.There was a good rythm of 2 divisions released every two weeks, twitchs that were made by the devs...It could have go on untill June the 6th with all the maps and divisions that had not been released on may the 23rd.All of a sudden, there came the RELEASE day o may the 23rd. Guess what ?Multi is laggy as hell. People get desynchs or disconnected when other people leave the battle (but can still write in the chat!!!).All remaining maps and divisions have been released at once without love. I'm even tempted to say that the lagg comes from this.I don't want to mention the promised matchmaking that could have inheritated from other award winning like League of Legends. It's a complete fail in its current state. The only solution to play serious game is to stage clan battles in custom games like in the early 2000s...When a player leaves or get disconnected :1) He cannot come back (that's a technology that Paradox handles though)2) In the beta other players would get his money, and one player would get to ocmmand the leaver's current troops. That was not great.3) Now, since the release, when a player quits, the medium AI, that clearly use cheats, comes and ruins the pleasure.-> Plz, give the money back to the other player, and give the leavers units to the AI only.For those who havenr't try the game : it has a huge potential, and was very very good in the beta.I wont be recommanding this game to anyone (though I had been making open advertising to my clanmates, of whom 5 bought the game during the beta and joined me) UNTILL, all this is fixed.Il faut revoir votre copie messieurs.Edit :Although I'm still not happy with the Medium AI taking over the disconnected players, and I'm still not happy with the matchmaking system, the game has been sufficiently patched to the point laggs and frequent disconects are gone.I spend all my free evenings on this game, so, in all truth, I have to recommend it."
,Not Recommended,572410,31357706,Posted: 25 April,all,BobWolf,"Now that the game has been released, even a patch to balance the game, I still feel the german are too strong. I don't care if the german units are strong, I care about the price they cost vs the allies. Allies can barely match the number of units the german can have. Allies units are usually a lot weaker...I'm disapointed with this game.I would say 6.5/10."
,Not Recommended,572410,30980365,Posted: 6 April,all,TDuffin,"Ruined with atrocious """"balance"""" that requires spam in the first or last 10 minutes of a match to have any hope of winning. I've felt frustration with difficult units in Wargame and other Eugene titles, but this title literally has units that are *designed* to be impossible to kill, then proceeds to give any player who can deploy them THREE of them.The game revolves around half a dozen units and whatever map you're playing. Utterly predictable at worst, mildly fun at best."
76561198329740223,Recommended,572410,31997334,Posted: 27 May,all,animezonline,I did have problems with this game and trying to change the graphic setting but the have now all been fix Developer called Papa Yankee did alot to Help so a big thanks to him.this game is great when you know what your doing. It reminds me of a game called R.U.S.E. but alot more micro management so if you like that game you will love this one. The Campaigns are short but very Hard and fun hopefully they bring more as DLC soon.
76561198014903719,Recommended,572410,31985197,Posted: 26 May,all,BobSov,Issues with multiplayer disconnects seem to have been resolved.  I look forward to giving this game more time.
,Not Recommended,572410,32237978,Posted: 7 June,all,Moongazer,"This game should have been called ""Steel Fallschirmjagers"""
76561198379604752,Not Recommended,572410,30977344,Posted: 6 April,all,le saucisson masqué,"Review edited since release :During beta, there was only 1/3 of the division released and so the balance between Axis/Allies wasgood. Not awesome, some division were not competitiv at all but overall it was enjoyable.But since the release, they added in one day the 2/3 division remaining without testing them at all !1 month later, balance is still broken by these new division and no hope for a better future.(there was only a single balance patch during this month, one week ago, and fixed nothing...Some could say it made even things worse).From a 4000 peak of player at release, the game slowly died and is now at peak of 800 players.Still decreasing every day, makes it very hard to find good game.(by good game, i mean not Players vs AI or the usual Team vs Randomn, where the team select obviously axis side and the most open grounded map to makes it easier  .. LOL)Better save your money in my opinion,and that hurts to say that since  i spent so much time on it during beta and because i had hope for this game."
,Recommended,572410,33476823,Posted: 12 July,all,[N☼J] Rhopsawy,Pretty good Taxi simulator in the setup phase.The RTS part is pretty solid too.
,Not Recommended,572410,30981368,Posted: 6 April,all,BlastFly,"It takes long enough to get started in understanding game units and mechanism that refund is already ineligible when you are 100% certain this game is no fun.Trust your first impression. For the sake of your money.Still worth trying. Maybe you'll like it. Don't forget, the refund limit is TWO IN-GAME HOURS.From a 2k+ hours Wargame Red Dragon player."
76561198064521554,Recommended,572410,32038126,Posted: 29 May,all,RTK I3_O_S_S,"(so many bugs that can cost you entire games.. and its really not fun when you play a 30 minute game and you are hindered and lose because of bugs) EditSo that being said, they have taken out many game ruining bugs. The game is quite fun.. frustrating and a little underwhelming some times.. but the tank engagements are epic. Ranked mode is an entirely different story... there is no balance in ranked mode at all.. not just because some of the battalions counter others.. but because you cannot choose maps or veto maps. If you are an infantry battalion going against a tank battalion on an open field.. well I dont know how panzershrecks can kill tanks 1200m out. For example, the Fallschrimjager battalion is very powerful in close quarter maps, and could be considered OP on forest maps, but if you are unlucky enough to fight on an open field against a skilled opponent you will undoubtedly lose."
,Recommended,572410,32003162,Posted: 27 May,all,Tex Mex,"Steel Division: Normandy 44 is a Tactical Real-Time Strategy (RTS) game, developed by Eugen Systems, the creators of titles like Wargame and R.U.S.E. This new game puts players in command of detailed, historically accurate tanks, troops, and vehicles at the height of World War II. Players can measure their tactical skills against several opponents in big multiplayer battles or against enemies in a challenging single-player campaign. Steel Division: Normandy 44 allows players to take control over legendary military divisions from six different countries, such as the American 101st Airborne, the German armored 21st Panzer or the 3rd Canadian Division, during the invasion of Normandy in 1944.Main Features:Command Over 400 Historically Accurate Units:Whether fighting for control in intense multiplayer battles with up to 10-vs-10 players going head-to-head, playing alone or working with friends in ranked matches, players will need to coordinate their selection of historically accurate infantry, tanks, aircraft, and support vehicles to counter enemy units in this Tactical RTS game.Real-world Tactics:Battles rage over three distinct phases, where different units unlock over time, mimicking the movements of real-world armies and adding variety to the ever-changing theatre of war. A dynamic front line illustrates the ebb and flow of the conflict. Pin down your opponent's infantry to gain the advantage and force a retreat, or push through with a perfectly executed plan.Real-world Setting:Using the latest version of Eugen’s IRISZOOM engine, players can smoothly zoom from a tactical aerial view all the way down to a single unit, and see 400 different real-world vehicles and units designed with careful historical detail and accuracy. Maps are designed based on actual aerial reconnaissance photos of Normandy in 1944, requiring real-world tactics and strategies to cover and control.Outplan, Outsmart, Outgun:From battlegroup customization to troop positioning and maneuvering, winning battles requires cunning and strategy, not just raw firepower. Each unit lost presents a growing tactical disadvantage, and players will need to fight to gain -- and keep -- the upper hand.From commanding historically accurate infantry, tanks, and vehicles, to troop positioning and real-time engagement with the enemy, players will need to be clever and resourceful in order to win. Every unit counts as the battle presses on, and raw firepower alone will not be enough to claim victory. Whether viewing the entire battle from an aerial perspective, or following a single tank into a firefight, players will need to cleverly manage the dynamic front line in order to execute ambushes and advances."
,Not Recommended,572410,31219947,Posted: 18 April,all,╬ DEUS VULT ╬,THE CAMPAING IS♥♥♥♥♥♥12 skirmish missions of pure spam♥♥♥♥♥♥MICROMANAGEMENT HELL.
,Not Recommended,572410,32460748,Posted: 15 June,all,Sputty,╭━━━━━╮╰┃ ┣O━O              this game is┃ ┃  ╰━▅╮       dead╰┳╯ ╰━━┳╯       and badly balanced╰╮ ┳━━╯           dont bother buying▕▔▋ ╰╮╭━╮╱▔╲▋╰━┻┻╮╲╱▔▔▔╲▏  ▔▔▔▔▔▔      ┃╲╱▔╲▂▂▂▂╱▔╲▂▂▂|▏╳▕▇▇▕ ▏╳▕▇▇▕╲▂╱╲▂╱ ╲▂╱╲▂╱
76561197993846315,Recommended,572410,31936401,Posted: 24 May,all,b4ry,If I find some time to write something here then I will do that. Game is good though!
76561198077648402,Recommended,572410,32079309,Posted: 30 May,all,Nicholas Fricke,Pretty good game but ive only played a few hours
76561198081207042,Not Recommended,572410,31249711,Posted: 19 April,all,Bodycensus,Changed review to negative because recent patches have been slow and causing more gameplay problems then they fixed. Paradox is wasting its time with Eugen who follow in the French tradition of failing.
,Not Recommended,572410,31931874,Posted: 24 May,all,Himmuguegeli,Had to revoke my positive review duo to the fact  that the game already died out. On a friday evening less than 250 players are online usually. It´s very hard to find players in this game.
,Recommended,572410,33889863,Posted: 29 July,all,Hillary Clinton,"Changing my review to positive. I can absolutely recommend the game now, it's been given a price cut correlating with a revamping of the campagin for easier introduction and a fantastic dlc for only 8$. New updates have also come out greatly increasing the balance, and a roadmap for more free content and patches is out.The game is scaled superbly, a great balance of realism/historical authenticity and fun, very competitive online portion and the ability to build your own division never gets old.Highly recommend"
76561197963998096,Not Recommended,572410,31062051,Posted: 10 April,all,Gogopher,"love it...plays more like ALB to me than RD...yet still unique to itself...with only 4 divs in-game atm hard to say how much variation there will be at launch but im loving what im seeing...relatively bug free (at least no game breakers) and if my memory is correct more stable than RD was in beta...game play is fun and refreshing...eliminated alot of the spam issues and arty issues that RD had...no helicoptors (i miss them) of course...have to say its worth the price and i think the value will only go up as they add more divisions....edit 9/25/17:that was my launch day review...and that is no longer valid...the game shifted its meta to a 1v1 play and stopped any and all support for 10v10...they reduced 10v10 timers to 30min (when 60min would have been the prefered)...they balance only for 1v1 now and no longer support 10v10....if u played the previous 3 titles from this company and loved them...this game is not for u...if u are a starcraft spammer this game is for u....basically tanks rule supreme now, air power is a joke....inf is more so....nothing about this game feels good....it is so bad that i uninstalled after 424hrs of playtime and wont be coming backthe game feels like a cheap console game with the targeted skill level of a middle high student...the learning curve is all but gone....combined arms combat is gone....slow meticulous advances to bleed ur opponent are gone...there is zero incentive to attack at all and turtling is the name of the game (and not the good kind of turrteling where u are wearing out ur opponent to counter-attack)...the way the game reinforcements come in if u push the enemy u out run ur supply line and run into theirs...u want to love it and buy it but im warning you just dont do it..."
76561197981435714,Not Recommended,572410,31567239,Posted: 5 May,all,Worthless Towel,"DEAD GAME - AVOID AT ALL COSTS: Nobody playing. Takes ages to launch a map.And rightfully so it's a dead game...40EUR is a DEMANDING Price you either need good quality or good quantity. Both of which this game doesn't have....- No variety in the maps: all maps are barely the same: flat bocage with a village here and there.- very few maps- very few factions- NO MAP EDITOR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!- only two super boring multiplayer game modes: Destruction (total campfest) and Conquest (ends too quickly)- nobody to play with.... Wait half an hour to start a game, play for 20 minutes.... Jesus... Even if I was paid to play this game I wouldn't do it...And they dare releasing DLC with extra Divisions??? Hey guys? Are you stupid or what?Add maps since you BLOCKED MAP EDITING YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S.Add game modesAdd factionsInstead of trying to milk the thin player base releasing useless DLC with new factions?I'm never going to buy one of your games again. This is probably my biggest gaming purchase regret...Stupid empty games... I regret the glorious multiplayer days of Sudden Strike Forever..."
76561197999888759,Recommended,572410,31943795,Posted: 24 May,all,fish,"Steel Division is a fantastic game with a complex  real time tactical gameplay environment. I was a VIP beta and Beta tester and frequently mentor new players. These comments reflect my experience with the game.Pros :* for the first time in Eugen's development history, a robust and full featured tutorial that explains most elements of tactical combat* complex air combat simulation, complete with RTS friendly boom and zoom implementation for the lovingly detailed P51D Mustang and P47 Thunderbolt. Careful micro, good use of AA and veteran planes can allow a skilled player to win 2v1 or even 3v1 fighter duels.* good balance since the latest patches which fixed notorious bugbears like AA interaction, veterancy, excessive Jagdpanther availability and numerous other issues* faithful modeling of armored warfare, complete with ammo, a reasonable armor/armor penetration system and some basic simulation of systems failure. Sherman vs King Tiger is a tough fight that can only be won through careful tactical decision making and good use of combined arms warfare. The simulation takes into account things like turret rotation, the vertical gyrostabilizer of the Sherman, optics and numerous other components, but manages to boil it all down into a set of easily understood stats on the unit card.* infantry combat that is a good compromise between the large scale of the combat environment and the reality of infantry combat in Normandy during WW2. This includes grenades, smoke grenades, modeling of individual infantry weapons systems, flamethrowers, HMG teams, infantry mortars, towed weapons and the ability to enter and exit individual buildings as opposed to the blocks in previous titles. Fans of CoH2 and WW2 sims will find the lack of window modeling a little jarring and the omnidirectional cover less involved than the careful manipuplation of cover in those games, but will appreciate the huge leap in scale and realism* probably the widest number of vehicles and weapon systems ever represented in a WW2 game set in Normandy. This includes early war favorites like the Pz1, Pz2, B2 and R35, as well as less common infantry weapon systems like the MG15. Eugen cares a great deal about historical authenticity and it shows. Forces not usually portrayed in WW2 games such as 1 Pancera (Poles), 3ID Canadian, 15ID Scots, 2e DB (French) and even Italian and Russian troops fighting on behalf of the Germans (sometimes of their own free will, sometimes not).* Eugen's deck system continues to be a fun way to individualize combat formations and ensure that no two battles even against the same division will ever be the same. All divisions come with a detailed biography of the division and the individual leading it. Divisions are represented as they were during the actual campaign, and players build battle groups from them which contain a subset of units available to the division. Players receive division specific income during the three game phases which allow them to bring in a subset of units in their battlegroup.* 2v2 through 4v4 games are an incredible experience. Divisions can compensate for one another's strengths and weaknesses and can engage in truly impressive team play reminiscent of the World in Conflict experience. This is best experienced with a friend, but there are a large number of games in this size and it is generally very easy to just drop in and play and have a good time.* Campaigns are short, but the missions are well designed and no longer simply skirmishes with a frame story as in previous Eugen games. Campaigns marked hard are indeed very hard and should only be attempted after you are experienced with the game. Missions have multiple sub objectives and are generally both complex and possible to complete with multiple strategies. Campaigns for the 101st Airborne, 21st Panzer Division and 15th Scots are currently in the game, with Eugen promising a co-op mission content drop in the near future. IMO the only thing the single player content is missing is a scoring system.* UI is massively improved from other titles. There is a line of sight tool accessible through the C key that allows you to see the line of site and distances at any point on the map where you put your cursor. This is especially helpful for new players and looks gorgeous.* The graphics and unit models are phenomenal.Cons* The 1v1 experience isn't particularly interesting in my experience. Divisions are clearly designed around teamplay and it shows, with only a small number of divisions viable in 1v1 without excellent play, understanding of game mechanics and high APM. It can still be fun, but this is not my preferred way to play. During beta and the early period of post release the balance was poor, but things have improved and it is now more enjoyable so I'm giving it a second chance.* The 10v10 experience is fantastic on the 10v10 map where maneuver and good micro/map awareness can allow a single player to have an outsize influence, but the community largely prefers 10v10 games on 4v4 maps. This results in horrible balance and a massive bias toward heavily armored late game German decks and artillery spam. Avoid the 4v4 map variant, but if you see a 10v10 map variant filling up get in there quick!* The learning curve can be a bit rough. An experienced player can shred a new player with incredible ease because of the complexity of the mechanics. Deck design is tough and involves game knowledge that new players lack. The best way to learn the game is to play through the tutorial, then the campaigns in order of difficulty, then a few skirmishes against the AI. If you are new and friend me, I will be happy to give jump into a comp stomp with you and explain game mechanics.* The community does not make use of the matchmaker and this results in lobby sitting simulator at off peak hours. After being spoiled by the COH2/DOW2 matchmakers, it is tough returning to this style of multiplayer.I recommend it for fans of Eugen's other games, for fans of Relic RTS games like DoW2 and CoH2, fans of the Men of War series, and fans of sims like the Graviteam Tactics and Close Combat series.  It is easily my favorite game of the year and looks set to remain that way unless HOI4 gets some insane patches. If you have any questions about the game please feel free to hit me up with a friend request and a PM."
76561198047618401,Recommended,572410,31232796,Posted: 19 April,all,Chamber of Memes (ken),"I get sick of people who give this game a bad rep, people please...Just because the game has officially launched, doesn't mean it's done, they're adding more content, not everything is going to play to YOUR liking. This game does have it's list of flaws, bugs, and awkward and unusually strange nerfing/buffing crisis, this game, even for a an Alpha stage is still a fun and interesting one, once you learn how to work the game (If you've never played the previous wargames) then the game can be very fun, the deck building is one thing I like very much, it let's the player know they need to gbe very cautious and strategic on how, and where to put them, you also learn what units work best and are more effective each game you play, updating your deck. As you play a game, your units earn experience, which is something I like very much, the two maps (more will be added later) are fair in size, and continue to expand as you play with AI units, or with real people, a lot of times the games between other players can get very intense. As for the AI difficulty, it all boils down to the AI spamming the best units the game has to offer, which kind of defeats the purpose of the hard, or very hard, I've played the game for soo long that everytime i dare try those two diffculty levels, my♥♥♥♥♥is handed to me in a bowtie, I do not suggest going past the medium difficulty, I suggest picking up this game if you're a fan of the wargame series, and a person like me, am very interested in World War 2."
,Not Recommended,572410,34226592,Posted: 13 August,all,Skipper Tibbles -Aus Der Traum,"I cannot reccomend this game until they add a feature where you can view profile stats before a game.I understand their theory on why they took it away, i..e. to prevent stacking & stat padding etc, but in practice it creates issues that make the game near unplayable.There is no point in playing when 1 out 3 games you play with someone on your team that has never played a MP match before, It's not like wargame where there is still a chance you can win with a new player on your team.In addition to this, it is unforgiveable that this feature has not been replaced because since release there has been a dozens of complaints made on this very issue.Yet the devs still stand their ground on this. Well so be it, if you're not going to listen to the community, this game will continue it's rapid decline and will die. I refuse to waste my time any further."
76561198084804757,Not Recommended,572410,31879110,Posted: 21 May,all,ShaxStar,"The concept behind Steel Division is beautiful, Sadly the actual gameplay is poor. The game has some really good elements. The phases, stress system and the unit sight is all well and good but it needs refining. The Game lacks a lot of real aspects and feels more like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ arcade game than a tactical strategy game. I have lost countless Tigers I's and panthers to the unit being stressed by 20mm fire from an ant-aircraft gun. The retreat system is awful, why a unit would drive backwards into fire I dont know. I have no idea why a tank or plane would be stressed. I could see this working for infantry as such, but for armoured vehicles, espcially those that are such heavily armed its a straight forward no. Then we come onto the path finding, I have no idea who made the path finding by they should be sacked. It is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game sucks♥♥♥♥♥due to these two minor flaws. I cant really suggest you buy the game becasue it's honestly in need of a major patch. As for unit variety, well lets just say Steel Division (NORMANDY) Gets boring after a match. The game lacks a lot of indepth elements, a lot of variety in terms of gameplay and overall logic. PS Eugen, a ♥♥♥♥ing Tiger II doesn't get killed by a stuart at front shot. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ I feel like im playing RUSE which is good and bad. but mostly for a ♥♥♥♥ing bad reason. Honestly!!!BUY THIS GAME! THEN PLAY THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF IT FOR ONE DAY UNTIL YOU REALISE IT IS ACTUALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ THEN STORE IT IN YOUR STEAM LIBRARY WHERE YOU WILL NEVER PLAY IT AGAIN. BEST £50.00 I HAVE EVER SPENT! WOOHOO"
76561197991178824,Not Recommended,572410,30991628,Posted: 6 April,all,Aodhgan,"As much fun as I've had with SD44, I can't in good conscience recommend it.  There are some lingering issues that make the game a bit too frustrating at times:1. Pathfinding ... routes generated don't seem to have any goal at times, i.e., not shortest, fastest nor safest.  Backtracking over the same path is not unusual, sometimes 400m or more.  Units, especially retreating ones, sometimes get caught on terrain features or the map edge.  Although flames are certain death for most units, they will not automatically divert around them and will even fall back into them.  (The worst I've seen is a couple of trucks stop their advance despite only minor suppression when some napalm dropped *behind* them, back into the fire and explode.)2. Dropped players ... although vastly better than at release, players still get dropped (not surrender) regularly.  By watching the ping meters prior to start, it's even easy to predict who will likely drop.  Yet there are no pre-enforced minimums on the dedicated servers.3. AI ...  except on the easy settings, the AI tends to play a rather aggressive game, even in destruction mode.  Early game can be interesting, but later game turns into a player steamroll.  In multiplayer games, a dropped player is a kill feeder for the opposition.  Although the AI does adapt to your moves in real-time (even ones it can't see), it doesn't learn nor seem to have much randomness in it's moves, i.e., a set series of moves by the player will result in the same set of moves by the AI.4. Solo campaigns ... the campaigns are of set difficulty.  I found the assigned difficulty levels to be fairly meaningless, with difficulty depening more on withheld or, in one instance I recall in the German campaign, even misleading information.  Once you solve them, they become trivial, i.e., no replay value.5. LOS ... once is a while I've run into situation where LOS is clear is one direction, but not for the return path.  It's not a huge issue, as it's reasonably rare.  More my beef is with the LOS tool that works well for woods and buildings, but was never updated for elevation.6. Player population ... several months in and the player population is still so low that finding multiplayer pickup games is frequently an excercise in patience.I do have some positives to mention:1. Phases ... I like this mechanic of funneling units not just based on point value, but also by type.  One can imagine lead elements making contact before the bulk of the forces roll in.2. Balance ... unlike many of the forum comments, I find the balance for conquest mode to be decent, albeit with many ahistorical elements.  (Destruction mode is another matter.  My past experience has been that the Axis unit mix is favored, but I haven't played enough destruction post-patches to offer an opinion currently.)"
76561198007376468,Recommended,572410,33264649,Posted: 5 July,all,sea_scorp,"July...Game not ready yet I'm thinking. Medium AI against Easy AI.......Medium AI looses. Easy AI gains double the points, double the kills and has double the loses and yet scores a ""MAJOR"" victory. What do you need to win? Perhaps three allies on super hard mode against one Axis on super easy mode and maybe you might get a minor victory...maybe. Not recommending this one as yet. Needs a lot of balance to be Gaming enjoyable..............August update. Game has advanced and getting better. AI Balance needs addressed to make the game more enjoyable and playable still. I am slowly turning to the positive side as the graphics are very good and a wonder to behold. More maps will be needed for coop gaming against AI's and single player gaming. Keep the updates coming please."
