user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004453141,Recommended,572520,30674394,Posted: 22 March,all,Anezti - Dae,"4/5 for an Early Access - I am looking forward to when this game becomes F2P, increasing the playerbase and level of competition.If you are a League, DOTA, any top down MOBA player, who rages at their team because they are♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you wish you could play your role, and their role, then you will enjoy this game. Because that is essentially what it is.Gameplay footage can befound hereGreat match showing high level play. Anxiety is top 10, Zuck3r I believe is top 20.Game currently has a ""replay"" feature, allowing you to watch live and played games by other players.Game allows you to play AI/test rigs whilst matchmaking.In game leaderboard.My experienceI have put 29 hours into this game so far, and still going strong. I personally love this game, and it has scratched the RTS itch I have been stuck with for sometime now. It combines my two favourite genre's and creates a replayable competitive experience.The playerbase is currently quite small, but I do not have any issues getting a game (EU) during peak hours.What is this game?Simply, it's a top down moba, with RTS elements. You control 3 rigs (all with abilities you choose and unique passive/""ultimate"" ability.You try and put 3 Rigs together, that will give you the best synergy and then you farm nests for core, and dunk them in the middle, whilst putting pressure on your opponent to slow them down. There are also 3 ""optional"" objectives that give you points, if you are the first to complete them.I.e capture all vision points.I would like to note, this is a multiplayer, competitive game. This does not contain a campaign mode.Games are either:1v1 or 2v2.There is an infestation mode, which is basically survival mode. Survive against waves of enemies.Is it complex?To begin with, the game offers you a lot of options.You have up to 4 classes:Mechanic (Support)Gunner (DPS)TankSummoner (Utility)Each class has 3 rigs with a unique ultimate and passive ability.Each class also has a ""bank"" of abilities and passives, which you can fit to any rig within that class. Just to make it clear, you can run 2 mechanics and they can be outfitted exactly the same, only difference being their ultimate and main passive abilities.The game feels overwhelming in the first couple of hours, but after a few rounds (15 minutes each) and a good read through the different abilities, you very quickly learn what works and what doesn't.Does the game have strategic depth?The Gameplay itself has depth, specifically around your decisions in game.It's very Micro intensive.Setting up your ""Rigs"" or ""Squad"" however is lacking a bit of depth. There is a very clear meta at high level play at the moment, but the developers will be adding more gear/abilities and a new class over the course of the Early Access, along with balance changes so I do expect this to change."
,Recommended,572520,31022003,Posted: 8 April,all,FourFirstNames,"This comes from someone who has little experience with MOBAs, is terrible at RTSes, and is still very, very new to this.I really like it!What I've enjoyed about Dropzone so far is its commitment to bringing more RTS into the MOBA genre. Managing a small team of 3 rigs (heroes) at once, and as the sole player for your side, the pace of a match becomes far more reliant on your ability to micro and macro-manage on the fly. I love this idea in concept, even if in practice I'm really poor at it!Yet that's the compelling part to Dropzone. Where I'd quit a normal RTS for being far too overwhelming, this strikes a kind of positive-frustration in my brain. I feel like if I just play a match every other night, I get a little better. Not like, MLG Pro status, but better than I was a week ago.While I can't comment too much on the lineup (still working on the first 3 people I picked), I do like that individual characters only seem to influence ults. Other abilities are based on that character's class, and are interchangable with a wide array of class-specific unlockables. This means you can taylor a team to your liking and, even if you have the same characters as your opponent, may still end up playing differently from each other.I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who likes competitive games, moreso to those who are deeply familiar with either RTSes or MOBAs. And bonus, I've seen that it's going free to play soon! If you're unsure, you could always wait until 4/12 to give it a shot!"
76561198005108702,Recommended,572520,30027582,Posted: 18 February,all,KingLewieXIV,"I really like Dropzone a lot. I haven't played many MOBAs before but I have played lots of RTS. This is a nice hybrid of the two. It's a little slower paced than a pure MOBA, which I like cuz it gives more time for deeper strategy. Also I love that there is a 1 V 1 option. Playing MOBAs with randoms equals yuck for me. I love all the different pilots and loadouts you can chose from. Also it's great to be able to play a quick game."
76561198253681134,Recommended,572520,31064504,Posted: 10 April,all,PsYHoPaTH,"I wanted to buy this game long time ago for the original price I was thinking so much and finally it's on sale and I said to myself let's do it, let's buy this game. So I bought the game and my first impression about this game was that this game is so sick and I would recommend it to MOBA and Starcraft players. One big minus and that is the queue. It takes a long time to find a game but I guess that doesn't matter because if you buy it and tell your friends to buy it too we can fill it soon enough and that won't be an issue any more!"
,Recommended,572520,30984683,Posted: 6 April,all,Quapper ☑,"I'm personally a big fan of micro-managing, so this game is right up my alley. If you don't like micro-managing though, there's a mode to play a normal 3v3 where everyone controls one character, just like with another MOBA.The ""customize your characters"" part of the game is pretty lackluster. Every class currently has 3 pilots each, and each pilot can pick between a set of skills for their class; 2 different tank pilots can pick between the same active abilities, but a mechanic can't pick the same active abilities as a tank."
76561197970461163,Recommended,572520,30017138,Posted: 18 February,all,Sabobin,"I've been a massive fan of RTS for years now, starting back in the day with SC Broodwar and later SC II. In recent times I have also jumped onto the moba band wagon and have played many hours of League as well as Heros. I do love mobas for their simplicity and focus on multiplayer strategy and skill but do find myself sometimes wishing there was more to it than controlling one hero in a team. When I heard of the concept of Dropzone I was very intrigued because it promises the fast pace no fuss multiplayer battle elements of a moba but the more intricate micro and map positioning elements of an RTS without the need to worry about macro elements of an rts. So far I have been loving this and finding the battles very fun and varied with already a good amount of mechs and lots of potential for weapon and build variations as well as map strategies! I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves RTS and moba games."
76561198047082473,Recommended,572520,29994373,Posted: 17 February,all,Willie,"Upon launching the game, I was met with a sick CGI intro. I was already impressed. Compared to most Early Access games, it is well worth the purchase. $20 is a very fair price for this game. It is one of the few Early Access games that actually feels complete --which is surprising since it has only been in beta for like 6 months (I think I read somewhere).The game provides a very well designed tutorial with plenty of time to read the skills/abilities and learn as you go along. There is a clear, scaffolded progression between the units and their capabilities.The premise of the game is simple: you play a 15 minute game to score the most points. Winning, on the other hand can be quite difficult. The objectives seem pretty clear and the map is not too big, so there are plenty of opportunties for players to contest objectives. I could definitely see this game getting competitive real quick. (Also, the 15 minute timer is so appealing. I know exactly how much time my game will take, so I don't have to adjust my schedule according to how the game is going.)The keyboard controls are also very intuitive and logical. If you have ever played a MOBA or RTS in the past, you will pick the game up very quickly.  As a player new to this genre of games, the controls are pretty clear so the only REAL struggle might be controlling multiple units at a time.However, this struggle seems to be what makes Dropzone such a promising game. As I played the game, I realized that within the first few minutes past the tutorial, I was already beginning to form strategies. (I would have one unit scout out and distract my enemies for the most part, while the other two collect points.) With a team of three customizable ""rigs"" (units) at your disposal, it gives you a lot of control over the map. And by customizable, I mean that you can choose what rigs you want on your team and what skills they should have, etc. This, I think, is super cool because it allows for theorycrafting and rewards innovative players to come up with new strategies and pioneer the meta of the game.There can be simultaneous fights occuring at different parts of the map. I was going crazy at first, and I noticed at times that I would forget a unit lingering at some distant part of the map for a while. I assume that more experienced players would always have units that are active and contributing to the overall victory of the match. My advice to new players: always make sure your rigs are doing something.I am going to play some more and update my finds on this game~"
76561198263046451,Recommended,572520,29956194,Posted: 15 February,all,brianh32,"Listen, I'm an RTS gamer, through and through. Total Annihilation was my game way back when (and now of course Spring and Supreme Commander, etc.) So don't get me wrong, this game isn't, per se, an RTS, but rather a hybrid MOBA with RTS elements. Now, I've always liked the *idea* of a MOBA - all the excitement and micromanagement of an RTS, without the scattered focus, complexity, and resource management. Just for a change, you know? But every time I've tried one, it's been awful. Tons of grinding or $$$ required to compete, irrational last hitting nonsense, weird social games with your teammates, blah blah blah. So I'd written them off entirely. But this game? This game is THE MOBAish RTSish for RTS gamers (and probably for MOBA fans too, but I wouldn't know). It's got:- Cool characters (and quite diverse to boot! You go developers!) who are all fun to play- Contol three characters at once, so you still get that map-controlling element and the multitasking- No computer-controlled critters on your team to herd (but tons of neutral ones!)- Properly sized map for the characters (you can tell this game was made by RTS nuts)- Enough abilities/synergy to lend a very good strategic complexity (I'm coming for you, flamethrower cheesers!)- Fast games (exactly 15 minutes) that are super-tense and don't drag.- In-battle research tree that's just the right size for the game length.- Pretty cool out-of-battle upgrade/leveling system that, fingers crossed, so far seems fair and not aimed at huge $$$ spends.So if you like RTSes, but always wanted to give MOBAs a shot, you can't, in my opinion, do any better than Dropzone. Great game so far!"
,Recommended,572520,31262275,Posted: 20 April,all,HazeyInDaHead,"Definitely good. The devs are committed and there is a good size community already with events and tournaments.You can join their discord nation and chat with the devs, submit bugs and feedback, etc.."
76561197999538670,Recommended,572520,30083661,Posted: 21 February,all,DarthPotato,"After playing a lot of Starcraft 2 and then switching to Dota, I am having a lot of fun with this game. It's fast, micro-intensive and feels like it has a lot of potential. I am having a lot of fun trying out the different rigs and all the different skills and playstyles that come with it.I am not having any trouble with matchmaking, and always find games (1v1) very fast. The game looks great and feels very polished already. I am also liking the music and the voice acting a lot.Definitely one of the better Early Access games I have played so far. I am looking forward to all the new content from a developer team that seems very involved with the community."
,Recommended,572520,30255195,Posted: 28 February,all,distiller,"In this moba/rts mixture you have the control over three pilots, each of them has their personal rig (mechwarrior) with unique skills based upon their class.At the moment there are four different classes (tanks, summoners, mechanics, gunners) and one more is coming soon. Each class has different pilots with their own rigs that differ visually from one another. Classes differ in shape, pilots/rigs in color and textures and changing gearparts will make them look different aswell. So visually its very well made and interesting to watch.You play in a 15 minutes timeframe in 1vs1 and 2vs2 modes. each player has 3 rigs so in a 2v2 its gonna be 6 vs 6 rigs.Maps ain't got no lanes. All you gotta do is farming hives and the monsters that spawn out of them (pretty much similar to zergs from starcraft) and collect cores that will appear when they're destroyed. These cores need to be uploaded in the center of the map by both sides, so here's where the combat is happening most of the time. Fighting and interrupting each other during uploads.Each game has three more options to collect points. Besides 1 core out of a hive gives you 1 point, you can take control over all 4 vision points, kill 100 kavash (the units that spawn out of hives) as first, kill 9 alpha kavash or 3 bosses. So there's a lot to control and a lot to think about when it comes to strategy and gameplay.Each map has 2 bosses, each of them is on top and bottom of the map that wil grant the player a damage buff by killing it for a short time. Every time you destroy a hive, the next time it will be spawning as a tier 2 hive and 3 and so on. then it comes to the alpha kavash spawn that are minibosses coming out of hives, so it gets difficult with every minute of the game.The similarity to league of legends or heroes of the storm is noticable, especially with the levelsystem. By killing hives you gain experience and level up. everytime y ou level up you can decide which pilot gets to the next level, so depending on the abilities/gearparts you chose before the match that are reliable on a specific level you have to think about which one to level up first or what level u need on which pilot to be efficient enough to win the game.So its not about leveling up your abilities to make them stronger, you unlock your abilities by gaining the level it needs to use them, and then they're scaling in dps most of the time.There's already a leaderboard up in this game with hidden points. So the more u win you raise in your personal rank. Ranked queue is currently still in working progress, which will be the new matchmaking. Until then you have to use ""quick play"".A third mode is ""infestation"" where you defend the center of a map against spawning kavash that are coming at you. So get together with 3 friends or fill up with some AI bots and kill.More gamemodes are in developement.Positive:+ No 45ish minutes to spend in a single match like it is in league of legends+ no need to carry in a team since its 1v1 with 3 mechwarriors / Rigs at a time+ a huge variety of gear, classes and pilots/rigs where everything but the passives are visually recognizeable+ a lot of different setups to tryout and currently nothings really that OP, matches are very close if each player got skillNegative:- the fact that you got to control 3 pilots at once will make the learning curve very long- sometimes you have to wait a few more minutes before finding an opponent which could be the same over and over again (solution: switch regions between north america, europe and oceania in options / takes about 5seconds)- losing in this game can be very frustratingSo this game costs 20€ and will be free to play after early access. I'd say its absolutely worth it and maybe think about getting the commander edition that gives you all pilots and gearparts that exist and will ever be released. Because ingame you level up your pilots to unlock abilities and receive coins to purchase new pilots in an ingame shop."
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,572520,29970934,Posted: 16 February,all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Public Service AnnouncementUpdate Version: Build 1640Disclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer. The Commander's Bundle was the edition bought.Side note: If you do buy this game, I recommend getting the Commander upgrade. Saves a lot of time and ensures you have all pilots/equipment pieces instead of playing to chance on the crates (equipment).Gameplay Footage:https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aSysh8xrOyIIt was quite a surprise to see Dropzone appear on the Early Access store front this past week. I had originally heard of the MOBA back in July of 2016 and was glad to see some unique features for a genre that had been getting stale. I was a bit skeptic on how such a formula could work without becoming just a generic cluster bunch, but it is clear the game has something under the hood. It has been a long time since I felt any kind of enjoyment playing a MOBA style game, but this attraction is crippled due to a couple of issues that sour the relationship.The look of the mechs are well designed with a great aesthetic appeal and some beautiful texture work for the environments right down to the particle effects used for special attacks. The music selection, while limited, helps maintain the very tense atmosphere utilizing synth beats and plenty of brass/string instruments. They lend to create a believable sci-fI setting, which is further aided by solid voice work. I also want to give a shout out to whoever drew the mode selection menu tabs.Matches are limited to a 15 minute timer with the primary objective being the collection of cores. Both teams can engage each other in combat, level up by killing the Kavash (aliens that infested Europa), and kill bosses that provide game changing damage buffs. All that matters is the collection and uploading of the cores, which are gathered by killing the Kavash hives or by completing one of three bonus objectives. These objectives range from being the first to activate all four vision sights, being first to kill 3 bosses or getting the first kill in rig combat. The bonus objectives provide a necessary counter to core collection and it has already been the deciding factor in three matches I witnessed going into overtime. This leads on to the main difference Dropzone offers in terms of gameplay: strategic placement.As soon as the landing craft docks to the arena, the player should already be splitting off their team. Every second is critical and any idle pilot can spell defeat later on in the match. Kavash have multiple spawn points and while two are killing a hive, the third pilot can be off depositing a core or beginning the assault on another hive. All experience enters a pool so pilots do not need to be nearby to benefit from anything special. Certain strategies can even have a pilot mass deploying turrets on the core uplink or flanking the enemy side to steal experience from further Kavash hives. It is the kind of scenario were avoiding enemy team combat is a plus, unless it is absolutely necessary. It is a strange condition were the player doesn't have much to actually manage, but plenty to do in such a small time frame. This is why every match is more stressful than enjoyable, but similar Rainbow Six: Siege and Battlerite in terms of fun.Unlike most MOBAs that rely on the participation of 5 players using a single hero, Dropzone changes things up by focusing on 1v1 and 2v2 matches with each player commanding a squad of three pilots. There is still a class structure in play with the usual tank, damage (gunner/summoner) and healing (mechanic), but thankfully the player isn't restricted to their selection. Three tanks could be deployed, two damage and a healer or even three healers if the player is bold enough to attempt it. Each of the 12 current pilots have a special passive and a unique ultimate, but due to the equipment system, core abilities and basic passives can be used on any pilot as long as they are in the class the equipment is appointed too.Equipment ranges from weapons that change the way a pilot auto-attacks, body adjustments providing buffs or area of effect attacks, a utility slot and three passives. In order to use any of it, however, the player must meet the minimal level requirement during a match. By defeating the Kavash, upgrade tokens are rewarding and can be given to any of the three pilots. Once enough levels are granted to a pilot, their equipment is unlocked to provide the player with the gear's abilities. This makes the choice of using higher level equipment a factor due to the limited amount of time each match plays out and the expected amount of tokens that can be farmed within the time limit. Higher level pilots also suffer from a longer revival timer when they are killed, which can be detrimental in any situation. The revival timer does feel a bit long in duration to the total match time, but it is a proper method to help balance the risks of pushing a single hero to five so early in a game.The map selection is one of the few major downsides to the game right now, especially with it being in beta. There are two maps for 1v1 play, one map for 2v2 and a single map for infestation mode (similar to a Horde mode). I would have expected to see a couple more given their size and the potential for rhythm stagnation in strategic play. The user interface is clean for the most part, but the camera is unfortunately fixed to a small portion of the map (by design I am sure). While building and customizing pilots, the game offers a way to see how each pilot would work in a small testing ground with complete control over character level and hive strength as too avoid wasting the player's time manually doing it. Micro-transactions once again rear their ugly head, this time with crates that contain equipment pieces (roughly $2.32 per crate). Thankfully, the crates can be bought with in-game currency as well as crafted with blueprints earned as the player levels up.The time in alpha must have been well spent, because the game runs very smoothly. I had a few cases of stuttering during a match or two, but outside of this the general frame rate stuck at 60 for me. Crashes have not been experienced, but I did have a few issues with loading into the game. There is one problem I have run into that needs to be addressed. The server has a occasional hiccup and disconnected me from about six matches I was just about to enter. The teams would be displayed along with the game's objectives, only to return to the main menu with the disconnect window. This wouldn't be as big an issue if the queue times were manageable, but waiting five to twenty minutes just to be pushed out is highly disheartening.Dropzone has hit the ground running with this Early Access release and offers plenty of opportunities to learn, grow and conquer as a pilot squad leader. The addition of a decent tutorial, the ability to watch past matches and the chance to jump in to watch current matches provided plenty of opportunities to help educate as well as inspire new pilot rig combinations and team layouts. Custom matches and Versus matches also allow proper methods to join games against AI opponents or friends, giving the perfect environment to hone skill. Unfortunately, the issue with disconnecting (especially with the rate it happened to me in Quick Match) makes waiting around seem worse when coupled with the small player base. The best to describe my feelings is thus: if this were free-to-play (which it will be upon release), I would have no problem recommending this game. The $20 dollar barrier, however, makes the argument extremely difficult. I certainly enjoyed my time with the game, but on a price to content ratio (as well as the above stated issues) I have to warn against it for the time being.This has been a EAW PSA."
76561198004145581,Recommended,572520,30201814,Posted: 26 February,all,sAk,"One of the most fun games i've played in years. its so cool and needs so much skill. I totally recommend it if you want try something new in base to LoL, Stracraft and similar games."
76561198097283510,Recommended,572520,30320175,Posted: 4 March,all,Jungle Oracle Main,"Amazing game, Fast paced, customizable with interesting units/mechanics/combos. All it really needs is a bigger community right now."
,Recommended,572520,30002949,Posted: 18 February,all,Merkmok,"It feels like wc3 with the focus solely on microing, it's a ton of fun!"
76561198082357226,Recommended,572520,30457929,Posted: 11 March,all,Yaegz,"New concept for those who love RTS or MOBAs.  A lot of fun, the only complaint I have is that there needs to be more people playing this game!"
,Recommended,572520,30108657,Posted: 22 February,all,nfollmer,"I am a huge fan of traditional RTS games and the new wave of MOBA games. This is a great mix of both genres. I can't really say this is a 'true-to-form' RTS or MOBA, which is what makes this game so cool. Why try and make a game that is either when the market is over saturated already... Spankypants delivers a new style of game that both RTS and MOBA players will enjoy.Tips:- Waste absolutely NO time. Every second some unit should be doing something.- Split your squad up whenever possible. You won't win sticking together all the time.- LEARN THE KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS.- Play a hefty amount of single player before venturing online... You'll get pwned, trust me.PROS:- Fastpaced, non-stop gameplay (literally EVERY second counts)- Easy to pick up and play (but hard to master)- Unlimited customization for you team and individual rigs- Already has a pretty large community, so it's easy to start games. I have yet to wait more than 3 minutes.- Environments, effects and characters are beautiful and detailedCONS:- I lose a lot... There are TONS of awesome players.- I don't have enough time in the day to play more :)In all seriousness, this game is awesome and for $20-40, depending on which bundle you get, you're getting an amazing game for a low cost. I have bought more expensive games that have offered less than Dropzone does.Note: My play time is low due to most of my hours logged before Dropzone hit Steam."
,Recommended,572520,30066470,Posted: 20 February,all,G amanic,"starcraft + MOBA ,Loving it"
76561198084926158,Recommended,572520,30051569,Posted: 19 February,all,Galen Marek,"Now I love this game. I have played the Closed Beta and when I heard it was coming to Steam, I was estactic. What Im not happy about is the fact that I can't even get the dang game to launch. I have tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it. Nothing. I tried removing Steam altogether and playing it, nothing. I had this issues before and could probably play it like every once in a month or so. I like this game a lot but Im giving it a thumbs down until this issue is sorted.EDIT on 2/23/2017 - The game works now! The changing of the JSON file worked. If there was a MVD (Most Valuable Developers) Award, I would give it to these guys. Never have I seen such devotion to helping me get this game to work on my computer. Thanks again you guys! I appreciate the time and effort you put in to helping me! God Bless You all!Time to tear up some Rigs!"
76561197995822148,Recommended,572520,30032947,Posted: 19 February,all,just0n,If you like mobas you should be interested in this game.
76561197998446157,Recommended,572520,30459646,Posted: 11 March,all,blackmatter615,Spectacular new take on the MOBA genre. Cannot wait for this game to make it big.
76561197993514505,Recommended,572520,29955387,Posted: 15 February,all,jampy00,"Great Game, Good price. If you're like me you are not very good at MOBA's while this one has a learning curve, it easily becomes a rewarding experience to play (even if I forget all my keybindings). The mix between a RTS and a MOBA is very appearant and well done. A good experience and a game worth trying. I'll be sure to keep this one in my library."
76561197983054778,Recommended,572520,30051287,Posted: 19 February,all,Bearcop,"A sleak and gorgeous RTS that is everything I've ever wanted out of th genre. Intense matches, awesome heroes pair with uniquely designed mechs, all with rad and diverse abilites. With the types of content the developers intend to add I could see this game eating up a lot of your time."
76561198013280884,Recommended,572520,30245414,Posted: 28 February,all,Salokin,"Easy to learn, hard to master. Great combat, design, art, and gameplay! It's definitely buggy but it's in Early Access so that's understandable. The game is stable and only has a few technical issues that halt the experience or freeze the game temporarily. Updates are released very frequently so any issue you run into will most likely be fixed in the near future. Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,572520,30156243,Posted: 24 February,all,Colombian (Jhon),It has been a while since I played RTS games in a serious manner. But this game has brought back that passion.I would recommed this game to anyone who enjoys RTS games that are easy to play but hard to master.
,Recommended,572520,29989978,Posted: 17 February,all,Sparkkie,"Seems fun so far, fast paced, a little chaotic and I haven't found any pay to win yet.It's half way between a Moba and Starcraft; which is nice, you get some macro challanges, but you're not just fixated on your one hero.Would reccomend for people who are intersted in competative RTS or MOBA games, you don't many opportunities to try something actually different these days."
76561197961522025,Not Recommended,572520,30093592,Posted: 21 February,all,Weltron,"35 dollars later, i excitedly get into the game and what the heck?... the tutorial laaaaaggs. to an unplayable degree pausing for 10-15 seconds to catch up. Maybe this is just the tutorial so i try to join an online match.... after several unsuccesful attemps I finally join one which is unplayable after about 30 seconds because of the glitchy lag.  damn."
76561198278415513,Recommended,572520,30210385,Posted: 26 February,all,WhitewolfKai,"Very fun multiplayer strategy game, if you like League of Legends then your gonna love this, its much easier to wrap your head around but is still very strategic, customizing your rigs (The things you control) is so fun and in-depth, all in all it's a great game!"
76561198003338894,Recommended,572520,29948808,Posted: 15 February,all,TIMMAI,Great game! Captures the feel of the old RTS genre but with the excitement of a modern MOBA. Have had some pulse-pounding finishes!
,Recommended,572520,29962591,Posted: 16 February,all,☯♚Deus🚭✌,Nice Game!I like it idea for create this game!I think all need to purchase this game :)
76561198009503948,Recommended,572520,29951654,Posted: 15 February,all,Finallist,"I have been playing Dropzone since Alpha and spent a lot of time in the game.Basic system:The game is a mix of RTS and MOBA, you control three rigs that you can individualise to fit your play style. At the moment there are four different classes of rigs, each with three rigs which have individual features. There are a couple of different modes, including 1v1 and 2v2 PvP as well as 4vAI PvE.Community:The community is extremely friendly. Over the past few months, I've never seen any toxic behaviour among the alpha/beta players, people helped each other and provided support for new players.Additionally, the developers are active in the official forum and engage in discussions with the community, which is great!Performance:The game is very polished (for an Early Access game) and runs without any crashes, FPS issues, etc. Of course there are some bugs, but these are usually minor things that don't impact the gameplay."
,Recommended,572520,29972887,Posted: 16 February,all,th_pion,"An amazing and intense competitive 1v1 game. You have 3 highly customizable tanks called rigs and your goal is to kill npc monsters to cain cores which you then turn in for victory points. Whoever has the most points after 15 minutes wins the match.Every of your tanks controls like a MOBA hero but you have 3 of them which creates am interesting middleground between MOBA and RTS. Instead of individual XP you get squad XP. Everytime you level up you can chose one of your pilots to level up. Leveling up will increase their stats and potentially unlock abilites. Every ability has an unlock level: Weaker abilities might unlock at level 1 or 2 while stronger abilities unlock at higher levels. The gameplay is smooth and fun. It's very intense and rewarding and forces you to make a lot of important tactical and strategic decisions while also requires a good amount of micro.Performance wise the game runs amazingly.You can customize your squad in multiple ways: First you have to chose 3 different pilots. Right now you can chose from 12 pilots - 3 of each class: Gunner, Mechanic, Tank and Summoner. Every pilot has one specific special ultimate ability and a default set of gear. You can switch the gear out for different parts however and all pilots of the same class share the same pieces of gear. The choice of gear is very important because it does not only defines the pilot's base stats but also their skills. Gear also affects how the rigs look: You can swap out the weapons and multiple different parts of the body. The whole system is extremely deep and interesting and encourages a huge amount of experimentation.The game will be F2P when it finally releases. The business model is based on unlocking different Pilots and gear. You can buy pilots for real money or the currency you get for just playing the game. Gear is unlocked in random crates which can be obtained the same way as pilots. You will get a random piece of gear in every crate and you can get duplicates. You can craft duplicates into other pieces of gear if you have the blueprint for it. Blueprints are unlocked by (meta-)leveling up different pilots.Overall the business model is not amazing but it's seem to be mostly fair and not as terrible as in a lot of other F2P games. Also keep in mind that you can get the Commander Edition Upgrade DLC which will unlock all pilots and all future pilots as all available gear and some of the gear released in the future.More details and gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faY7SbWWQl4"
,Recommended,572520,29992186,Posted: 17 February,all,Struyk,Refunded it as it's not worth the $20 in the current state ( And it will be F2P later )Pros:Alot of potentialGreat depth when making squadsStarcraft 2 style multitaskingFun game modesSide questsConsInsane long respawn times (60 seconds!)Almost impossible to win 2v3 fights when one of your guys is dead for 60 seconds..Enemies keep running away very easilyNo ingame chat 1v1Unbalanced ( I don't blame them )
76561198262786496,Recommended,572520,34693418,Posted: 2 September,all,EruWan,Dynamic fun game.
,Recommended,572520,29970985,Posted: 16 February,all,R3STRIKT3D,"Interesting game! Coming from 3k+ hours of dota, I'm loving the MOBA elements, but this has more micro seeing as you need to control 3 rigs! Customization is awesome and you're not stuck with the same 4 skills per rig which really allows you to play it your way. Excited to see how this game turns out going forward, I hope it has a large player base and hope the devs continue their amazing workhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrzsXHfUtvA"
76561198067789417,Recommended,572520,30044698,Posted: 19 February,all,LuxieLime,Fuuun!
,Recommended,572520,29971610,Posted: 16 February,all,Mashi★★★,"The game is pretty good, if you are into RTS, MOBA definetly take a look.The tutorial is... well, basic, but its good to get used to the controls.Bot match is good to learn the caracters and gear,and than the live. Damn the matchmakeing is really intresting.Yesterday i was watching a guy on twitch playing Dropzone he was rank 30ishguess what? my first oppenet was him. I was around rank 500~ he was 30~Yeah i got deleted... gitgudanyways Dropzone is already a great game and i can't wait to see the updates in the future."
76561198024663505,Recommended,572520,30599893,Posted: 18 March,all,Onlyonegod,"Is anyone even playing this game, i mean i like it, but with no real single player mode i may request refund. And with the price point i cant afford to buy it from friends.  I play alot of mobas already and was more interested in a co-op style moba. I would definitely keep playing if more co-op was develouped."
76561198066455898,Recommended,572520,30073736,Posted: 20 February,all,Rumpelstlzchen,"Best combination out of Dota+Wc3, i always hated bad team members in Dota, now u can play solo and be responsible for your losses."
76561198067716659,Recommended,572520,30090684,Posted: 21 February,all,landrinlong,"I've played through 3 tutorials so far just to get a feel for the game, and I gotta tell you this seems promising.  The only issue I have so far is that the mouse pointer can be sometimes hard to find.  It needs to be a contrasting color, or very bold so you can see it easily.  Otherwise, even in beta, I would recommend this game if you like strategy type games.  I found myself really immersed very fast and a feeling of excitement came over me while playing.  Can't wait to get further into this game and play for hours."
,Recommended,572520,30099105,Posted: 22 February,all,Steve,"Still early access but has oceanic servers that are great, matchmaking in aus/nz takes a little while but when you get a game its worth it."
,Recommended,572520,29950162,Posted: 15 February,all,MikeGSD,I went ahead an purchased the game was looking forward to playing it. There was an error upon loading the game to which the Developers was very fast at replying and found the solution to the problem. All is fixed and I look forward to testing out the game and all its cool features.
,Recommended,572520,29973525,Posted: 16 February,all,King Omnis AKA The Bannerman Boy,"Oh boy. This is one of those special little hidden gems of a game you don't find too often now on steam. This is a game that combines some of my favorite genres of RTS/MOBA/ and even deep layers of squad building and customization, into a competitive battle arena. In short, if you you liked any one of those genres, and especially if you like more than one of them, make sure to get this game ASAP. You will not be disappointed. Below I will post some Pro's, Con's, and neutral points in a tl;dr fashion that are more highlights than a complete list, and I will follow it with more indepth descriptions below.Pro's:-A competitive RTS style game that feels like the high points of a good game of starcraft or Company of heroes-A competitive MOBA that has captures the highlights of the genre such as forming a balanced team, capturing a map objective, and a little bit of farming-Squad customization! I have spent almost as much time crafting different teams as I have playing the actual game. There are tons of different setups and combinations that it is a crafters paradise. It brings me back to building mechs in mechwarrior 4-Pve Co-op modes for those that would rather do swarm missions than compete against other playersCon's-Some of the MOBA like abilities are not quite so flashy as a person coming right from league or DOTA might expect. I wish a few of them had a bit more style to them as a few are slightly boring to look at, or might not give you enough visual feedback to whats going on.-The maps might need a bit more push to more aggressive. the maps are a bit large for 1v1 games and its easy enough to say on your side of the map and farm without pushing into the other side. This could change as I get more experience but I would like to see more neutral hives over friendly territory ones.Neutral-Some MOBA abilities have a bit of a long cooldown. around 30 seconds to a minute. Now for clarity you will be using 3 different characters at once so you will be using more abilities than normal in a moba, but for some newer players coming from league or HOTS, this might seem like a bit of a negative or turn off, but if you effectively switch between the 3 characters then you will have more than enough to keep you busy-Some of the character models for classes look a bit goofy. I personally love the weird unique designs, but if someone is only into serious models this might be a bit of a turn off. Again, I find they're quite endearing, but they stray pretty far from the edgelord type designs you might see in another mech game.-No all chat in matches. I might be in the minority, but I quite enjoy the salt and toxic comments that come with these types of games. Personally, I feel that more toxic moments come from your own team, than really from the enemy so I find the choice of muting all chat in a 1v1 or 2v2 game perplexing and unappealing. I understand that they are doing this to keep the community cleaner, but like I said, more scummy things are from your own team most of the time, so this is a change I would like.Gameplay(For clarity, I have only really been involved into 1v1 games and not too many Co-op or 2v2 games, so I will update this review with more information when I get more experience.)Pre-game stuffYou begin the game by creating a 3 man squad. You can choose any combination of the 4 classes (soon to be 5) of tank, Gunner, Engineer(support), and Summoner(obscure, but think of a caster in Starcraft, or a specialist in Heroes of the storm and you get a good idea). You then follow that up with picking a pilot which affects their ultimate ability, and what kind of passives they can get, along with a unique passive. A good idea of this latter part would be to compare two gunner pilots. One might be a more traditional ranged dps that has better defensive passives, such as a line of sight bonus tree, and a speed bonus for either running away or chasing down enemies and a long ranged high damage ult. compare this with another gunner pilot that has bonuses for offense and defense that focuses more on getting in on the enemy and playing more of a brawler type ranged dps with passives in an offense tree for damage, passives in the defense tree to be resistant to damage, and an ult that lets her dash in and stun enemies. On top this choice, there are about 10 different weapon types, body types, and utility items that are all different per class. This can be like giving a tank flamethrowers to deal aoe close ranged damage, with a body that leaves oil behind to slow enemies, to that same tank having giant fist type pounders for melee damage and a body that lets it jump around the map. As you can see, there is quite a lot of variance.Another part of the squad building that I quite like is that there are more types of classes than there are number of spots on a squad. That means you will not be able to have a completely balanced team and choices will have to be made, such as leaving out a healer for a dps, but compensating for that loss by putting HP regen on your units. It is quite a unique design choice that will keep matches from feeling samey, and gives each squad their own unique feeling in how they operate.Post GameSo now that you've made a squad and are about to face your first enemy, you might wonder how does the actual game play out, and so I'll explain. You start with all your units at level 1 on your side of the map, mirriored to your enemy. Around the map you'll see hives, which are basically NPC spawner camps. By killing these, you gain both global experience to level up your units, and they will drop cores. Cores are what you will be fighting over in this game. In the middle of the map there will be a drop zone for the cores which by delevering them there is how you score points and ultimately win the match. The problem is, when you try to upload a core, the enemy can hear that occuring, and your units wont be able to act while it is uploading, and if your unit dies, it will drop the core it was holding. You can see where this goes, but things can get quite visceral. You will need to simultaniously farm camps for cores and experience, while defending against the enemy and making sure that they cant upload their cores.This might sound simple, but if you thought a team fight was difficult in a MOBA, try doing it while controlling 3 different characters, possibly all at different points on the map. It scratches that oh so rare feeling of a good match of starcraft where you're constantly shifting your viewpoint, all while being a fun moba. It is quite brilliant.Final ThoughtsThis is a truely a unique gem of a game that captures the reasons why RTS/MOBA games are so fun, and boils it down to how you want to play. It will go F2P when it is released and god, do I hope it is popular. It is fresh and appealing, with a unique design that I haven't seen anywhere else. It is worth $20 right now even if it goes f2p, and hell I would most likely pay three times that amount for this game with the same content. When the current generation of games all feel like copies of other games, or bland attempts to please everyone, this game truely stands tall in its uniqueness. Yes I recommend this game, and I think that if even a tiny bit of this review peaked your interest, then you should give this game a chance."
76561198113752545,Recommended,572520,31057961,Posted: 10 April,all,Zomtah,Awesome!
,Recommended,572520,29968732,Posted: 16 February,all,njdevil2k2,i enjoyed my time with this before it hit steam and look forward to helping the game get better.... like playing a mix of airmech and supernova... but also controlling 3 toons at the same time...  i love brain power..lol
76561198034018431,Not Recommended,572520,30647338,Posted: 20 March,all,Donovan,One month old and already dead.  No one online to play with.Requested refund since as a multiplayer game it fails to acheive the status of multiplayer on even the most basic level.Controls in tutorial were fine.  Customization is good.A potentially great F2P style game charging $20 + a dlc cash shop.
,Not Recommended,572520,29956487,Posted: 15 February,all,Liati22,"Bottom line:1- This should be free to play2- This is a MOBA, not an RTS3- The gameplay is not really anything newI have some mixed feelings about this one.  It was fun for an afternoon.  The aesthetics are interesting.  It's basically like Heroes of the Storm with robots, multi-unit control, and bad collision detection.  The ability to customize every rig makes it hard to size up your competition at a glance.  If you've played League of Legends and Heroes of the Storm, you've basically already seen the same abilities (with some of them being tremendously annoying).  Because of these abilities, rewards for completing matches don't really feel rewarding or compelling.I find marketing this as an RTS to be misleading.  Controlling 3 units does not make an RTS.  But the main problem here is that the core game basically already exists in other F2P games; why wait for the devs to suss out the balance issues and lower the price, when there is so little in the way of original gameplay?"
,Not Recommended,572520,30629869,Posted: 19 March,all,bill,"this game is not fun, it has like 20 heroes but they all do the exact same thing making the game look complex when in reality it is simple as hell. I'm very bothered because i accedentaly left the game open and now I cant refund it. Dont make the mistake i did"
76561198026718272,Not Recommended,572520,31060617,Posted: 10 April,all,I like birbs,"30 online according to steamchart and rightly so.Terrible character models (red box with wheels and a tube for gun and a 'head') that all look the same, so much so that its impossible to tell them apart. There is no variety in weapons and pilots too. They are all the same essentially. You can slap most parts on any rig so whats the point in even having different ones?Terrible map design, both visually and functionally. There is nothing on the map other than watchtowers and hives that are all the same and a droppoint in the middle. Droppoint is literally 1 screen away from each teams resp, which means enemy will just walk there and become invincible/heal up all the time. Its impossible to kill someone unless they are horribly overextended.Game is basically 1vs1. It's boring and devs seems to understand that. As a solution to that they added a 3v3 mode in which each player only controls one rig. Which turns the game into the worst moba ever created possibly. I assume, cuz i couldnt find a match for 3v3 mode.This game is 1/10 with 1 point for an original idea. Everything else is an insult. This shouldn't exist and Total Biscuit can suck my balls for making me buy this"
76561197992041473,Not Recommended,572520,30332679,Posted: 5 March,all,TaSMaNiaC,"Pretty solid game, was getting right into it and enjoying things against the AI. When it came time to delve into PVP combat I queued up, waited about 8 minutes for a game (and didn't find one) instantly quit and refunded the game. Would be good with a solid playerbase but I'm not taking a $35USD gamble that will ever happen. May re-purchase in the future."
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,572520,31237089,Posted: 19 April,all,AiDec,tbd
76561197994195853,Not Recommended,572520,29997594,Posted: 17 February,all,Gr8 MARSian,hme not It should be $10
,Not Recommended,572520,30372381,Posted: 7 March,all,🍒 👻 🍧 👿 😄🐞,NOW FREE TO PLAYDropzone +Dropzone Commanders Edition UpgradeI want my money back
,Recommended,572520,30127668,Posted: 23 February,all,Haberusa,The game is great. I like the idea of controlling multple characters while playing a moba game. I still suck at controlling more than one unit lol
76561198060807114,Recommended,572520,30000529,Posted: 17 February,all,pretzelboiy,"I like it, its hard, like controlling three champs in league at once. 20 dollars id say is a fair price one thing id like to see is for custom matches to actually have some customization cant really do much but add a bot. more game modes would be cool be cool if you had a 1 mech mode pvp.see i know i suck at rts games or really just dont have the patience to get good at them so i dont know if me sucking at controlling all three mechs is just cuz i suck at rts games but i think the game would be alot better if you could do 3v3 while controlling 1 mech same game mechanics just let me control one."
,Recommended,572520,30660180,Posted: 21 March,all,DASman,"Played the tutorial.. took less then an hour. spent 10-15mins alone looking at one pilot, and the different abilities you can switch out. your q, e and w attacks can be swaped out with different abilities, each has multiple peices of gear to switch out, q for instance is the weapon, youll get 5-6 attacks, one could be level one, or you can go up to level five, meaning youll have to upgrade that one pilot 5 times in a match to use that abilityYou could choose level 5 for everything if you wanted...6-things 3 abilities, 3 passives, plus one r (ultimite) power that couldnt be switched out making this the only thing that seemed to make the pilots different from each other..other then there name and avatar skin, and there mech/ship design.From my guess all 3 summoners for example could all have the same moves, but their (r) power/ult is different. They all have a default set-up. but you can choose the others and swap..plus you get rewarded / or can also buy loot crates to unlock other abilities... but they put the pilots name under the default ability, with a copy of that ability for the other pilots,(minus said pilots name.)...but they are the samething...maybe if iam one pilot choosing another pilots default there should be a nerf/making that pilot more different other then their (r) power/ult...I NEED TO CLARIFY if there are any other abilities that are pilot specific...SOMEONE PLEASE INFORM ME(no other pilot can get)^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^THE GAME IS GOING TO BE FREE TO PLAY, but the players will start with fewer pilots, and items, then those that pay to get into early access, having to unlock as you go..there is a micro-transaction, you can use real money to buy loot crates, if you want everything now and in the future plus bonus items that wont be released after early access you are gunna need to buy the COMMANDERs edition, which sounds nice to me..but i feel the game wont last long if loot crates can be purchased with real money..got to add in other crates that have different mech/ship skins in game, add in some sweet avatar skins that everyone sees before matches..pilot voice taunts, emotes, victory chants, respawn animations, kill animations, there lots to do that doesnt affect the ability/skill of players...^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^You can also from what i seen? can also unlock the blueprints for specific pilots by leveling them up..or just buy the commander edition and get everything plus the future stuff...PLUS BONUS ITEMS THAT WONT BE RELEASED thro any other way, which i think i seen IS TIME LIMITED to the early access. had fun like the concept...seems like a good challange, and great TWIST TO MOBAs/RTS but other pilots shouldnt get to choose the other pilots deafult abilites, and if they do there should be a nerf / the pilots default should get a buff, or bonus passive...something..otherwise its almost all the same."
76561198098483714,Recommended,572520,31794535,Posted: 16 May,all,DakkaoN,good game8/10
