user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,573060,30115381,Posted: 23 February,all,Mad Dog Torx,LOGistICAL is a great strategy game. It's extremely addictive and the map is huge offering hundreds of hours of content.The developer is also very active and responsive to feedback and ideas.I can't write anymore now because I can't wait to get back into the game!
76561198004314912,Recommended,573060,32245461,Posted: 7 June,all,rbr,"This is a beautiful passion project and an ugly game.  Unfortunately it's the ugliness that you'll see first:  the UI is cluttered, the iconography is poor, the sound effects are irritating, and the map seems unreadable when you've zoomed out and practically useless when you've zoomed in.Okay.  Get over all that and play the game.  It's phenomenal.This game is very much like Railroad Tycoon and Transport Tycoon, with two crucial differences:  First, you don't need to build track.  The road network already exists.  You just have to explore it, and fix the pieces that are broken, and also learn to work around its limitations.  Second, the distribution of goods and industries isn't randomized.  The whole game is a handcrafted crazy thousand-piece puzzle.The joy of playing this game is working your way through the intricate, massive technology tree at the same time that you're working your way through the intricate, massive road network.  Each town you discover is a puzzle to solve.  Oh, this town needs 72 tons of push-bikes?  To do that, I'm going to need to find a push-bike factory that's close by, because a dump-truck only carries 8 tons, and if it's bringing the product from too far away, the town will consume all the product in the time it takes the truck to deliver each load.  And look, there's a push-bike factory not too far away.  But it can only produce 6 tons.  So now I'm going to have to upgrade the factory, using crates from the crate factory and planks from the plank factory and machinery from the machinery factory.  Also, it's going to need a lot more wire and tyres in its stockpile than it presently has, which means that I need to make sure that the nearby wire and tyre factories are properly upgraded and supplied from the steel mill and the rubber plantation.  Man, remember when the steel mill could only produce 6 tons of steel at a time?  Those were hard times.I would love for this game to make enough money that sacada could team up with a UX expert.  This game would be so much more playable (and saleable) if it had a UI makeover.But it's earned its place in my library anyway.  There really isn't another game that does what this one does."
,Recommended,573060,31869787,Posted: 20 May,all,Otter Chaos,"The tyranny of choice is the idea that too many options lead to paralysis in decision making and a dissatisfaction with the choice one winds up making.  I know this is a real thing, mostly because I have over 1700 games in my Steam library.  When I finish a game I really liked, I feel a bit lost.  I start browsing my library, playing a bit of this, and a bit of that, until at some point I find a game that “hooks” me again.  This time, after 139 hours in Nier, I latched onto LOGistICAL.  Why?  Good question!  Here is what I think…If you look at only the capitalized letters in LOGistICAL, it spells “logical”.  If you anagram the name of the game, you get “licit goals”.  Is this a clue?  Unlikely.  What else then?Logistical reminds me of one particular game in particular, particularly GemCraft.  Also I have to recognize influences from games like ActRaiser, Transport Tycoon, Wood Supply Game, Computer Space, and of course, FarCry 4.The premise is simple.  You are a trucking company, or, failing that, a dispatcher at said company, and must, well, ok, not must, but since you are playing this you should in some way feel compelled to follow the rules.  Anyway, you should dispatch your trucks to pick up goods in a specified town, and deliver them to another town, which you also specify with a certain degree of specificity.  Easy!  Sure it is.  At first.  Mwa hahah.This reminds me of my review of Hero of the Kingdom, where I went on about how many steps there were to complete a quest.  There is a similar situation here.  Lets say you want to work on a town called Appleburg.  They love apples and really, really want you to get some delivered.  No problem! Send a truck over to Orchardville and get some of those sweet, sweet apples.  Oh no!  Orchardville can’t produce any apples because there is no fertilizer!  No problem!  Send a truck over to Craptown for a truckload of fetilizer.  Oh no!  Craptown can’t produce any fertilizer because there are no prunes!  No problem!  Send a truck over to Laxville to get some prunes.  Oh no!  That’s right folks.  Logistics.  Whether laid bare here or gussied up with elves and magical orbs in some other fantastical game, its all logistics.  Moving things from one place to another may not seem all that exciting, but is an important part of many of the games we play.  Logistical simply places that front and center,  stripping away any notion of quests or noble heroes saving the planet from certain doom, but simply looks us in the eye and says “Dude, you need to get this truckload of bananas delivered.”  You know what though?  Logistical makes me want to get those bananas delivered.That’s all that matters really.  If a game makes me want to plan banana delivery, then that’s all the appeal I need."
,Recommended,573060,32108344,Posted: 1 June,all,BrianRubin,"I can't fully explain why I love this game so much, but I do. It might be the combination of puzzle and strategy. It might be how fulfilling it feels whenever you ""solve"" a town or upgrade an industry. It might be how relaxing it can be. Whatever the case, this is a surprisingly wonderful game that has just a disgusting amount of content (with more coming), an insanely active developer and a very passionate community. If this looks appealing to you at ALL, then get it. The base game gives you THE ENTIRETY of Australia. Seriously, thousands of little puzzles to solve, and it's amazing. This is definitely a surprise to me, and I can't gush about it enough. Please check it out, it deserves your time."
,Recommended,573060,32579671,Posted: 19 June,all,Robear,"Well, this came out of nowhere for me, and I've put in 12 hours in the last 36. Good thing it's a weekend. Logistical is a vaguely Transport Tycoon style game, but instead of setting up permanent routes and supply chains, you are working  with a limited fleet of vehicles to provide cities with a mix of goods to level them up, as it were, and also to level up industries as you feed them inputs and distribute  their outputs.Towns and businesses need a wide variety of goods (over a hundred different ones are in play) and so you have to find the ones you need, find the ones that feed them, and build them up to supply the places that need their output. To advance the game, you ""complete"" towns by bringing them goods, and that in turn levels up the province you are in. There are storage depots for holding goods and reducing run distances. Oh, and you also have to open roads that have been damaged or are otherwise unsuited for your needs by repairing them with gravel, asphalt, concrete and steel. You can even set up boat links between towns in some areas.Vehicles perform according to their mileage (state of wear, essentially) and the type of roads they are travelling. And bigger trucks can't use smaller roads, which makes things *very* interesting. You also have limits on the total number of vehicles to keep things interesting.So the gameplay is constantly changing, both in the area of map you're playing in, and the situations around and in the towns. It's highly dynamic, and oddly not nearly as repetitive as you'd expect. At the same time, there's little time pressure; you can take your time and think, and play at your own pace.The game has over 100,000 towns, currently, so there's always a next frontier. As you play, you open up other regions and scenarios (for lack of a better term). There are over 8000 achievements in-game, and tons of challenges, which net you extra cash or open up features, or even teach you about part of the game.This is a fantastic, addictive time sink for puzzle and transport fans, especially if you're into logic and timing (at a high level, not as a ""do it with 1/10th of a second or fail"" kind of way). The one caveat is that the UI is opaque at first. It seems utterly incomprehensible when you start, but it slowly gets better, until when you're a few hours in everything makes sense and the UI disappears as it should, leaving you to plan and tweak and twiddle your routes.Highly recommended."
76561197972279378,Recommended,573060,29953174,Posted: 15 February,all,mystemo,"I'm gonna say on the outset that this game is not the most polished game I have ever seen, but I am going to say that this is a very addictive game once you get going. The interface is clunky, and for a while you are going to need to go over and over the ways to deliver goods until it makes sense. But... when you do get the rhythm of the game you may not be able to put it down. For achievement lovers there is over 2000 to get! (which there is hopefully an achievement for getting all achievements). Using actual maps this is going to be an amazing geography experience for Australians and those wanting an appreciation for how big the country is/where towns/cities are in relation to each other.There is huge scope for additional maps in the future but a huge overhaul of the interface is probably warranted to make it even easier to jump right in. For most this could be more of an Early Access game but if you can look past some of the exterior issues you may find a game that will be worth it. Definately a game for the upper casual level tipping into lower level city building/sim games."
,Recommended,573060,34764518,Posted: 5 September,all,Zoutje,"A great game that I could recommend to anyone here is why:If you can look past the graphics and the somewhat annoying interface you are in for a fantastic experience.The game has a tutorial, altough not perfect you can get the hang of the game if you give it a few hours of your time. It is worthwhile in the end, so don't give up on the game immediately get to know the controls and how you fill the objectives.The base game without DLC offers hours of content to enjoy. The objective is simple; move trucks from one location to another to fill the objective. You can repair roads, upgrade industries and fill the town objectives. There are ton of achievements, that you have to earn. Yes, this game has many achievements but every achievement you have to earn. This is not a spam game, thats why I recommend it even more, it is one of the only games that I'm aware of with this many achievements that isn't classified as ''spam''.Furthermore, the developer is very active and really cares about the community. The game is constantly expanding and there are improvements to the hud aswell.As many already said the game is very addicting. Just completing one more objective can be very satisfying, so say goodbye to your spare time.I would highly recommend this game as I think many more players should enjoy this hidden gem."
,Recommended,573060,31386387,Posted: 26 April,all,JBro™,"I work in the Sutherland Shire with freight/logistics, and I basically bought this off the first screenshot...Am I VERY glad I did. It's a little overwhelming at first, but once you realise the methodology and the functions available, it will soon make sense and provide you many many challenges, and you will need to adjust your strategy to complete tasks/goals.You have up to 15 trucks at once at your disposal, which you can purchase, or sell and upgrade to larger trucks as required - perhaps you will even need to downgrade some. It all depends on what YOU want to achieve. The only time limiting factor in this game is the 'consumption' rate of towns. They want resources and supplies, you need to truck it to them, but in a timely manner to provide enough before it's all consumed. Big towns/cities consume more. Smaller towns consume less, fairly simple idea in practice.Developer has been active with the community, and will make changes on feedback. Have already seen some nice changes since release.Oh, and there's also a couple thousand achievements (yay!)"
,Recommended,573060,34689810,Posted: 2 September,all,Shylight,"There are few things new buyers should be aware of:This game is not in any shape or form similar to Transport Tycoon. You won't be optimizing routes, building long-lasting production chains, planning complex routes for dozens upon dozens vehicles, etc, etc. Instead you will be managing up to 15 not-so-smart trucks making sure they can fulfill demands of each and every town you find. Which can get a bit hectic.This game is for patient people. You probably won't experience the real difficulty it can throw at you for a while (and by that I mean many hours of preparation and unlocking every tool the game can offer you)Many reviews mention ""having to overcome UI"", well, it got much better. And it keeps improving. In all honesty, being late to the party, I haven't had much trouble with figuring it out.This is not an achievement spam game. Each and any of the achievements require work. Sure, some are extremely easy, but some others are very hard.As for the game itself, it's the most addicting purchase I made in years. After playing for few hours I just bought everything that was available at the moment, because I knew I'll play it eventually. It might not be for everyone, probably far from it, but it's a great game if you can see its charm."
,Recommended,573060,30305124,Posted: 3 March,all,(:AR:)-Paradox,"This game is like crack cocaine for cheevo hunters and completionists. It's relaxing, but even now I'm struggling to pull away for dinner because I want to clear one more town. ;_:"
76561197996683488,Recommended,573060,31982625,Posted: 26 May,all,desangre,"- - - ENGLISH/ITALIAN REVIEW, PER L'ITALIANO SCROLLARE IN BASSO - - -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZBXM4ohCb0Logistical is a nice and relaxed transport based puzzle game which has undergone some major improvements lately, thanks to the constant updates by the developer.The main objective of the game is to ""complete"" the towns spread over the map (the base game offers the whole Australian continent, which comprises about 1200 towns). In order to complete a town, you need to deliver to it a set amount of goods: once this is done, the city will get coloured, to indicate its completion. At the beginning this operation will be simple enough, sometimes trivial even, but by proceeding into the game, you will discover cities that will need careful planning to be completed. The problem is that the citizens will start consuming the goods you deliver to them, so once you begin supplying a city, you'll need to do that efficiently and quickly, up to the fulfillment of all the required goods amounts. If your trucks are not enough in number, and/or not quick/large enough, the goods you delivered will eventually be consumed and you'll have to start over in your ""quest"" to complete that town.Any industry present in the city, anyway, will still be operative even after the city is completed. Industries, of course, is where goods are produced. So if for example you need motorbikes, you'll have to first find an industry that produces motorbikes, then supply it with resources (like tyres, steel and engines) and only after doing this you'll be able to transport the motorbikes to the city that needed them. Differently than goods delivered to complete towns, those delivered to industries don't ever get lost: they always get used to produce goods or stored for an infinite amount of time. Industries can get upgraded (by delivering certain goods to them) and after reaching level 3 of a given industry type, you'll be able to build it in a completed town which still has room to accept more industries.A part of the game which could be labeled as ""casual"" if not almost ""idle-game like"", at least on the vast Australian distances, is the repairing of broken roads, that prevent the trucks from reaching certain parts of the map, and blocking access to industries that eventually will be critically important to complete certain towns. To repair a road, you'll need a given amount of Gravel/Rock/Asphalt/Concrete, which, like in the case of industry supplying, you'll be able to do with no pressure whatsoever from the game.Roads come in various sizes and this affect the trucks that can use them: the smaller roads, for examples, you won't be able to drive a truck larger than a 8tonner. Purchasing new trucks is possible, but the roads limitations do require a careful planning of the fleet (max 15 trucks in Australia): having many 200 t trucks, that can only travel on very few roads, could not be a wise move.Logistical is not a very hard game, but this is exactly why it risks becoming so addictive: its greatest ""pro"" lies probably in its sense of scale and in giving the player the freedom in approaching the map as he sees fit. You're never told what you're gonna do: you can tackle the game however you want. The amount of towns to complete will seem really intimidating at first, but if Logistical -clicks- with you, trying to complete them will not feel as a chore. You'll WANT to complete it: the true challenge will be doing it in an acceptable number of hours. ;)Almost anything in the game will trigger a Steam achievement. So if you're an achievement hunter, this game will be like heaven for you. :)If you can get past the UI, Logistical has got what it takes to keep you glued to the screen civ-style... ""Just one more city...""ITALIANOLogistical è un puzzle game a tema trasporti molto carino e rilassante, che negli ultimi mesi è migliorato molto, grazie alle costanti cure dello sviluppatore sacada.Lo scopo principale del gioco è quello di ""completare"" le città presenti sulla mappa (il gioco base dà accesso all'Australia, che da sola ospita circa 1200 città). Per completare una città è necessario recapitarvi la quantità di merci che richiede: una volta effettuata questa operazione, la città si colorerà sulla mappa. All'inizio quest'operazione sarà molto semplice, quasi banale, ma procedendo nel gioco ci si imbatterà in città il cui completamento richiederà una notevole pianificazione. Dopo aver completato una città, comunque, qualsiasi industria in essa presente continuerà a essere operativa.Il problema, infatti, è che i cittadini inizieranno subito a consumare le merci che recapitate, quindi una volta che inizierete a rifornire una città, dovrete assicurarvi di rifornirla in maniera efficiente e costante fino al soddisfacimento di tutte le merci richieste, pena il deperimento delle stesse e la necessità di ricominciare il rifornimento da capo.E le merci? Provengono dalle sopracitate industrie: quindi se a una città serviranno delle motociclette, dovrete, tanto per cominciare, trovare sulla mappa almeno un'industria che produce motociclette, quindi rifornirla di materie prime (se non vado errato acciaio, gomme e motori, prodotti da altre 3 industrie diverse...) e solo a questo punto potrete trasportare le moto nella città di destinazione. Rifornire le industrie è un processo protetto da deperimento: sarà quindi possibile rifornirle con i propri tempi, senza l'assillo del consumo dei cittadini. Le industrie potranno essere potenziate (anche in questo caso tramite l'arrivo di determinate materie prime) e dopo averne portato un tipo al livello 3, sarà possibile costruirlo in una città da voi già completata E con spazio per industrie libero a disposizione.Un altro aspetto del gioco che potremmo definire casual se non quasi da idle-game, quantomeno nelle enormi distanze australiane, è la riparazione di strade danneggiate, che impediscono letteralmente di raggiungere altre parti della mappa (impedendovi di trovare magari determinati tipi di industrie, vedi sopra). Per riparare una strada servirà una certa dose di terra/roccia/asfalto/cemento, che potrete tuttavia recapitare senza alcuna fretta. Le strade, inoltre, sono di varie dimensioni e sulle più strette, ad esempio, non potranno transitare mezzi che trasportano più di 8 tonnellate. L'acquisto di nuovi, mezzi, infatti, è possibile, ma le limitazioni causate dalle strade costringono a un'attenta pianificazione della propria flotta (che in Australia può essere composta da soli 15 mezzi): avere un gran numero di camion da 200 tonnellate, che possono transitare però solo su pochissime strade, potrebbe non essere, ad esempio, una grande idea.Logistical non è un gioco estremamente difficile, ma proprio per questo rischia di dare assuefazione: il suo pregio più grande è quello di osare molto sul piano della scala, dando nel contempo al giocatore la libertà di cercare di completare la mappa come meglio crede. Anche considerando solo l'Australia, la quantità di città da completare vi sembrerà a prima vista davvero allucinante, ma se il gioco vi prende, vi assicuro che a un certo punto la voglia di finirlo sarà tanta.La sfida di Logistical, infatti, non è quella di proporre ostacoli insormontabili, ma di sfidare il giocatore a completare tutte le città in un tempo ""umano"". Giocare bene a Logistical, alla fine, è giocare in maniera così efficiente da far sembrare anche 1200 città (o 5000, o 10000) obiettivi raggiungibili.A proposito di obiettivi: credo che Logistical sia al momento, considerando anche i DLC, il gioco con più Achievement presente su Steam (c'è un achievement per ogni singola città completata, ma non solo, per capirci). Insomma, un gioco che sicuramente richiede un minimo di impegno iniziale, soprattutto a causa dell'inusuale interfaccia, ma che superate le prime 2 ore di gioco rischia di diventare il compagno di innumerevoli serate. Parafrasando il famoso detto di Civ... ""Just one more -city-..."""
76561198095963544,Recommended,573060,34689561,Posted: 2 September,all,I_am_Jens,"LOGistICAL is a great little puzzle game. For the most part, it's very casual and relaxing, not too difficult. Kind of like doing a jigsaw puzzle. Some towns are more difficult and require more planning to complete.It has a lot of content to complete, although it might get a bit repetitive after a while. The game has a few issues but the developer is actively working on improving every aspect of the game, as well as adding new modules to complete.In short, a relaxing experience with some challenging parts."
,Recommended,573060,32144167,Posted: 2 June,all,Zarrakis,"Not many games these days are as addicting, relaxing and rewarding as this one. This game is pure Zen once you get going.The game feels like a solitaire board game where you manage your fleet of trucks to fulfil the needs of various towns.Don't let the visuals bother you, that's not the reason to play this game, it's all about the gameplay with this one.The dev is also very active and improves the game constantly. Don't wait for a sale, this game is worth the price for the amount of game time given.9/10"
,Recommended,573060,34689917,Posted: 2 September,all,kg6jay,"It takes a couple of hours to get into the swing of gameplay but once you do, its nonstop. The satisfaction from completing ""just one more town"" or fixing ""just one more road"" before putting down the game keeps you coming back for more. The dev actively takes feedback and feature suggestions and is constantly working to improve the game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,573060,30032327,Posted: 19 February,all,benatssu,"** Updated Review **Originally not recommened due to the CPU drain that was slowing down everything, but discovered it was happening due to the game being run in a maximised window... Putting it back in window mode fixed this and the game runs sweet.. so keep that in mind if you find the game running laggy.... I assume the developers are working on this issue...I really like this game, its addictive and already paid for itself in hours worth of entertainment..STARTING OUTIt throws you into the game straight into tutorials which is pretty good i like games that get right in to it and u learn as u go.. but it's just a list of things to do, and you're not really sure why or how, not much explanation but you just do it to pass the quest... The UI is not very intuitive, it's pretty much a confusing mess i am pretty sure a lot of people would just quit without giving it a fair go and taking the time to learn the mechanics... which is a shame coz it becomes very enjoyable when you decode how to play itLEARNING CURVEIt's a steep learning curve, but once you understand how to assign vehicles and expand your transport empire it becomes very rewarding.. I think the use of mouse overs would help tremendously as you sort of have to left click and right click and sometimes it does what u want it to do, and other times its not letting u, and it might just be an alert box in the center of the screen that has popped up, but blends in and can be frustrating at times...DATED GRAPHICSIt has very much that 90's transport tycoon feel.. Graphically it is not much to look at, the animations is just a still shot of a trucks sliding around the place.. but the gameplay more than makes up for it..SOUNDThe music is terrible.. Like some midi file sh*t.. Ive heard better on a super nintendo...The sound effects are literally a wad of bad engine sounds just constantly going, some reverse beeps and a 'ching' sound when u get some income from a delivery... The game is much more pleasant on mute....... The music Im not too concerned with as you can mute it and play your own if you wish, but i would like to see better sound effects if sacada care to improve them..MAPA real map of Australia with real towns and locations is an awesome feature for those of us living in Australia.. You start near Sydney but i found my home town about 900km away so I;m working toward finding out what commodities are in my town :)  It probably will mean jack to everyone else not living here but either way the map is huge and will take some time to cover the whole country...GAMEPLAYThe actual game play is fun and rewarding.  Any fans of these types of tycoon / empire growing games will enjoy this aspect.  Hundreds and hundreds of commodities, and getting A to B to make C then ship off to D to add to E to make F and so on.. As you get more money you can get better and bigger trucks, fix more roads up, get on the highways, build your own storage depots and so on... The gameplay is what is keeping me playing despite any negative aspects of the game..IN CONCLUSIONGreat game worth the money, It is a nice little addictive management game with potential to be an awesome title if they keep on improving it with updates.."
,Recommended,573060,32903773,Posted: 27 June,all,Frahg,"The name of this game is no lie, it's all about logistics and efficiency.  This is a great game for people who are fans of supply chains--Settlers, Anno, Factorio.  All you do is assign trucks to take goods from one city where it's made to another city where it's needed.  Sometimes you need to use storage locations to stage goods nearby so bigger trucks can move larger loads.  Sometimes you need to build new factories so goods can be produced closer to where they're needed.It's not a hard game, though at times you will have to focus all your resources on accomplishing a goal.  For the most part what you need to do is obvious and how you will do it is very straight-forward.  It can be relaxing just going from city to city, assigning trucks to deliver goods, getting pop-ups that things are being completed.  You will grow and accomplish goals, and it's a feedback loop that will satisfy constantly.The downsides of this game are really in implementation.  It's very playable, but there is a lot of wonkiness in clicking on things, and it's really easy to make frustrating mistakes.  Few mistakes penalize you but you will always feel like you are fighting the interface.  Elements disappear when the map is dragged, the zoom level and focus of the camera bounces all around making have to constantly reorient yourself, and I guarantee you will be annoyed trying to click on a truck or a city hundreds of thousands of times.  Additionally, a lot of the game's rules are obscure and rely on trial and error to understand.All in all, it does what it sets out to do and despite the technical issues it's a fun logistics game.  Don't buy any DLC until you finish the main game.  It will take you a hundred hours to complete what comes in the base package."
,Recommended,573060,34319721,Posted: 17 August,all,Nickardson,Scratches the same itch as games like Factorio and TTD. I'm hooked.
76561198026459777,Recommended,573060,32910851,Posted: 27 June,all,LashingFurball,"This game is addictive.  Like a cell phone game.  Except it gives you a sense of accomplishment, and a very tangible way to track your progress.  The game is evolving quickly, improving quickly, almost like what I'd think ""Early Access"" games should... yet they don't evolve as quickly as this game (which technically is not Early Access).  The game has a few quirks the developer is working out, but considering how rapidly players get to see progress it's not an issue.Now the content, it's vast.  Over 101,000 towns across the entire world (once all DLC is finished).  And that's just the towns, not to mention the industries to complete.  The use of achievements to track progress in the game is very interesting.  Game metrics have a solid future full of improvements when the developer gets time.  As more of the world is unleashed upon the players game metrics will become a more pressing need.It's worth a try, it's daunting how large the game is.  And how long it will take to complete... and it is easy in places, the easier it gets the harder it is to play... yes... you have to multi-task across dozens of trucks in several countries at once.  You are consumed with action.  Now the harder areas of the game are less challenging, but require you to strategize on how to complete them, instead of being consumed with action, you are consumed with prep and strategy.My last parting 2 cents: when you play the game, challenge yourself to see how many achievements you can get per hour on average.  Keep in mind achievements aren't ""achievements"" like other games, they're simply a way to track your progress.  Can you do 10 per hour?  How about 20?  It's not easy... it's highly addictive, and to the right personality, fun :)"
,Recommended,573060,30434036,Posted: 10 March,all,Jon Irenicus,"I bought this game because it reminded me a lot of one of my most favorite games, Railroad Tycoon 2(RRT2).  Although it's not quite like RRT2, there's a lot more industries/resources that you have to manage and overall it's a very fun game to try managing.  The objective is mainly to upgrade all existing industries on the map from level 1 to level 3 as well as meeting the requirements of every town (there's I believe 1125 towns).  Overall it was a pretty enjoyable experience and I can recommend it fully.  The biggest area of improvement for this game that I can see is allowing your trucks to setup two-way routes instead of the current one-way system.  That would greatly enhance the gaming experience IMO."
76561198009021982,Recommended,573060,30099738,Posted: 22 February,all,archmag,"Really interesting game.You have several cars and can use them to move resources between towns. Your task is to complete each town requirements. They range from simple ones, that can be completed by single car, to really hard, that require you to solve a problem of delivering a certain amount of resources before town consumes those that you already delivered. You can have 15 cars total ranging from 0.25t capacity to 200t monsters. Cars with higher capacity can't pass through some roads, so you have to use storages to deliver large amount of cargo to large distances and then use smaller cars to distribute that cargo among towns or industries. After completing town requirements you may be able to build some industries in it to expand your network.Overall the game is really fun and not punishing so far. Even if you are bad in organizing deliveries (like me) you can still solve most Towns, they just take longer to solve. Currently I spent 45 hours to solve 230-240 towns, that's about 23% of total amount.Developer is really active on forum, resolves the problems really fast and implemented a lot of suggested features already.Danger: the game can certainly be nominated for ""just 5 more minutes"" award. It's time to go to sleep, but you are so close to clearing one more town that you decide to stay for 5 more minutes and end up getting to sleep 2 hours late, after clearing 20 other towns."
,Recommended,573060,34690631,Posted: 2 September,all,Nenriel 👻,"I love this game so much.  Once you get the hang of it, it is extremely difficult to stop playing.  If it seems a little rough around the edges, don't worry, there are frequent updates with improvement to gameplay. On top of that, the dev is active with the community, answering questions and responding to bug reports, as well as taking input about new features and QOL improvements. As long as Sacada keeps releasing these games I'll keep buying them."
76561197969039327,Recommended,573060,32766332,Posted: 25 June,all,EddyVegas,"The graphics, the UI, the gameplay are all... weird. Never mind, this is one seriously addictive game. You gotta give it a chance, get past the cartoony graphics, the horrendous sound (turn it off), and the backasswards UI, and you will be hooked. I am normally not an OCD type player, but I just spent all yesterday afternoon fixing a bunch of roads with my newfound supply of asphalt and 4 dump trucks conga lining to their destinations.PS I also like how you get a score for each town you complete, and the numbers are pinball-esque. Hey, I got 254,821 points on that one!I think if the dev had been a better ""game designer"" (less 'bouncy' graphics, better artwork, clearer UI) I don't think the game would have turned out as good. There is something about this left field approach that somhow connects with the game concept of solving shipping puzzles and connecting roads.Easily worth 7€ (steam sale) as long as you give it a chance."
,Recommended,573060,33462339,Posted: 11 July,all,a Toaster,"I'm a sucker for logistic games, Simutrans, Transport Tycoon, etc.This game feels a bit familar to those types of games but its more of a puzzle game than a tycoon game. You do have some money to deal with, but the game focuses more on 'solving' cities by getting them the right cargo they require and upgrading industries that produce cargo along the way. All routes between cities are predefined, and some need to be repaired using different types of cargo to be used. You make money by getting cargo where it needs to go (solving cities give you a nice bonus as well as gives the truck that made the final delivery an upgrade), and you can use money to buy newer, better trucks or building industries in cities you 'solved' already (after unlocking that industry by upgrading the industry enough in another city), but still the main focus is solving cities.Im still not completely sold on their DLC policy... the base game only starts you out with just Australlia, but theres A LOT of stuff there as is. Im 11 hours in and have barely scratched the surface of SOUTH-EASTERN Australlia. However, they seem set on releasing each country as its own DLC, except for the United States where each STATE is going to be its own DLC which seems a little silly. It makes sense with the two states they released so far: Hawaii (since its an isolated chain of islands) and California (since its huge) , but I don't think every single state deserves its own seperate DLC. Some states just dont have that much THERE to be interesting enough for a DLC.That being said, you dont really NEED any of the DLC though since the base game in Australlia gives plenty of game for the base price. It just would be nice to have a more realistic DLC policy for future game content.Other than their DLC policy being iffy imo, the UI isn't that great. Its useable, but it could definitely be better. Graphics kinda feel like a game from a decade or so ago, but its not terrible. I've seen some people complain about it being locked in 20fps, but really, this isn't the game where fps is that important. It feels smooth enough moving around the map and zooming in and out, which you'll do a lot. The game is massive and doesn't skip too many towns in Australlia atleast, I dont think.Overall though, its a fun game if you're interested in logistic type games and don't mind that it isn't really a business simulation/tycoon game. Its definitely worth the price.If you're an achievement perfectionist, though, DO NOT GET THIS GAME. Currently there are almost 10k achievements in the game with more being added with each DLC. Pretty much each city has its own achievement as well as broken roads, plus a bunch of others. They can be easy to get but theres just so damn many of them!"
,Recommended,573060,31112178,Posted: 13 April,all,Sellyme,"While at first blush Logistical seems off-putting due to the rather clunky UI and somewhat lacking tutorialisation, this is hiding what is simply one of the most expansive and content-filled strategy games on Steam.In Logistical, you're in charge of an Australia-wide trucking company, and have to get various different resources from town to town. The basic mechanic here is pretty simple - if town A needs a resource that town B has, you just click one of your trucks, then drag the resource from town B to town A.The main challenge in the game is in maintaining a balance between the absurd number of different things you can be doing at once. There's over a thousand towns in the game, all of which need some amount of up to a dozen different resources delivered to them. There's also about a thousand pre-built industries, all of which you'll need to use regularly enough to eventually upgrade to their third level, where they can actually produce enough of a resource to satisfy the ever-increasing demands of towns as you get further away from the starting area. A lot of roads are not functional when you start the game, and you'll have to deliver a large amount of resources to them to repair them before you can start using them, which often significantly speed up the routes between two towns. Once you start travelling to different states, very few industries are pre-built, meaning that you'll need to start planning your own and try to create a network of connected industries that can all feed off of one another and not be lacking in any resource required to keep the system running smoothly. And to top it all off, you only have a small number of trucks to manage the tens of thousands of required transfer routes, and when attempting to fill a town's needs you need to get it done all in a short period of time before the resources get consumed.This is just a hint of the sheer depth of mechanics at play and mind-boggling amount of content involved. I've played for 80 hours so far and I'm coming close to finishing New South Wales, just one of the 6 states and 2 territories that is fully covered by the game. I've barely even touched anywhere else yet. The sheer amount of content alone is something unparalleled in any other similar resource management/strategy game I've ever seen.But of course, having a lot of game doesn't mean much if it's not fun to play. Fortunately, Logistical is fantastically enjoyable for anyone who's a fan of the genre. Once you get past the first few relatively simple towns, the requirements for completing each town progressively grow more and more complex and require more and more planning and strategy to complete, meaning that even in the early stages of the game every completed town feels like an accomplishment, something you can lean back satisfied about, knowing that you've solved a puzzle of hundreds of interconnecting resources and shipment routes. And then you can immediately then dive straight back into another one of the thousand more just like it.For fans of the genre I can't recommend Logistical enough. The price tag is quite high for an indie developer's first release, but if you enjoy the first hour of the game you're going to enjoy the next few hundred as well, and with that much entertainment to be gained it's absolutely worth every cent."
76561198031102690,Recommended,573060,34703730,Posted: 2 September,all,robertlc,This game is very addictive.  It is not played out quickly doing any med to large map will take tens to hundreds possibly of hours.  If you try this game and you like how it is playing you will find that it is a great way to spend you time playing.  Lots of possibliities about how to get things done.  You can micro manage the game or just play casual doing a little here and little there.   If you like acheivements there and hundreds of them some taking just a little work to accomplish up to some that take hours to set up and finish.My advice if you have any interest in this game is to buy it and try it for a hour or so.  The challenging parts of the game dont really come at first but later on.  You will be doing the easy things to accomplish at first and as you complete a map you will move on to harder and harder accomplishments. Some things do not become readily visible or apparent without exploration of the map which in itself my involve opening the way as you go.I'll be the first to admit that some people may have no interest in this type of game but if you watch the videos and give it a go you should be able to determine in an hour of play if this game will be something you love or dislike.  There is no problem with this game not being your cup of tea.  You can always refund if the first hour doesnt drag you in.  But if you have some interest give it a go.
,Recommended,573060,33187767,Posted: 3 July,all,D-Man777 [GWJ],"The name says it all. If you like the logistics of moving around cargo on a massive scale (and achievements), this is your game. It's got a bit of a learning curve, simple graphics, and kind of a wonky interface, but those just are just part of its charm."
76561198080878825,Recommended,573060,34831061,Posted: 9 September,all,lobardin,"This game is EXCELLENT!!!  It's challenging, interesting and fun...the perfect combo.  When I discovered the game I thought it might pull me in and I was wrong...it pulled me in and leaves me wanting to dig deeper and deeper.   The more I play, the more it offers.  This is one you can't go wrong with."
,Recommended,573060,32906470,Posted: 27 June,all,Carlbear95,Great game once you get past the bad UI.  Spent way too many hours trying to figure out how to connect everything together!
,Recommended,573060,34005016,Posted: 3 August,all,THE SHARK,One look and you can tell if this game is for you or not.
76561198072379680,Recommended,573060,30053560,Posted: 20 February,all,scugnizzo89,"Logistical is a casual strategic game in wich you run our own trucking company.You start with rusty tuk tuks, and, after several hours, you will be able to afford road trains and huge trucks.Your duty is to feed cities and industries all over the map. There are thousands (yes, thousands) of towns and a lot of industries and goods. Maps are now limited to whole Australia, but the developer is working on USA, Western Europe and other countries.The game is not difficult, cash flow is always positive even if you screw up everything, but if you want to complete the game, well, it will take a very long time only to complete a little part of it.The major cons at the moment is the unfriendly UI, but the developer is working on it.In conclusion, I recommend it if you like logistic casual game (remember, it's not a simulation, if you look for simulation this is not the game for you) and I think price is right because there are a lot of things to do and maps are huge."
,Recommended,573060,33757184,Posted: 23 July,all,You Suck At Cooking,"The game is very simple. Get product from point A to point B. It's easy enough to not have to think while playing, although some things are difficult to clickWould recommend."
76561198014376726,Recommended,573060,30186346,Posted: 25 February,all,rusticisland,"If you like transporting resources and products around and uncovering 100's of new towns all over the place and achieving 1000's of achievements THIS is the game for you. It is BRILLIANT. Very addictive. I am losing out on a lot of sleep but I LOVE it. Thanks to the developer/s. It is right up my alley. It reminds me of my childhood playing with trucks and scratching our roads in the dirt.Oops. I forgot to add that this game requires thought, planning and organization. It can a bit of a logistical puzzle at times.Some people have complained this game is hard. It is not. If you type ""logistical sacadaart"" into Youtube you will get a number of tutorials of the game. The game has moved on since these tutorials but they may give you a good idea of the basics."
,Recommended,573060,34688701,Posted: 2 September,all,jimmyhig1326.jh,"Love this game, Excellent Dev and constantly evolving and expanding"
,Recommended,573060,30744257,Posted: 25 March,all,ItsLeAshton,"LOGistICAL is a game that gets better the more you play it. LOGistICAL is an exploration puzzle game in which you must go around the world repairing roads, building up industries, and supplying towns with what they need. Having an active and very helpful developer just makes the game all the better.With HOURS upon HOURS of content, this game never gets boring as there are over 15 countries for you to explore! The more towns you complete, the more satisfaction you get out of the game, and the harder it is to log out without completing ""just one last town"".I 100% recommend this game. It is a ton of fun, and is a very relaxing and satisfying experience.11.5/10 :D"
76561197971120144,Recommended,573060,30795994,Posted: 28 March,all,mandrill,"After installing and firing up, ones first impression is how bad the UI is. After 5 minutes the impression is further dented as the sound is even worse. However, despite those early attempts at getting you to hate it, after 30 mins or so the game starts to get quite fun. You start understanding the mechanics of completing tasks and as this unfolds, the addictive quality slowly drips into your gaming bloodstream [pretentious b.s.].Later...as the UI, like an old slipper, starts to feel more acceptable, the game becomes something akin to a relaxing therapy session. This game really is worth its weight in fertilizer, asphalt, crates and a myriad of other exciting products as one's logistical tentacles spread through the rump of Australia like a trucking viral infection [more b.s.].Anyway - I give it a big thumbs up.P.S. I advise switching the sound off and listening to some music."
76561197993328845,Recommended,573060,32772108,Posted: 25 June,all,ByProxy,"Really like the game!! But man, it has a really poor UI. The developer should hire a UI designer to do a complete overhaul. Not only are the graphics terrible, but they actual get in the way. A simpler set of icons with a logical inconology would do wonders. Windows, their functionality, and visuals make the game more confusing than it should be.Even with the horrible UI and graphics, this game is fantastic. If you are able to look past the UI (in hopes that the developer performs an overhaul) you will be greatly rewarded."
,Recommended,573060,32624576,Posted: 21 June,all,stephen dedalus,"This is a truly great game for the logistically minded, offering an enormous amount of content (it would require hundreds of hours to exhaust what is available now) with the vast potential of expanding in the yet untapped countries (the game uses a real world map with real city names). It's definitely a pleasure to buy the extra country-DLCs to support the author in this quest.While the basic notion revolves around the need to ""take this stuff over there"" (either to make a town happy or as an ingredient for a factory to run), the concept has been extended to enough production chains to strike echoes of the Anno games, only in an expanded and more concentrated form because we don't need to build the cities themselves.Still, we can upgrade the existing industries  and, if the conditions are right, even build our own in order to overcome efficiency gaps. We can buy and sell trucks of various sizes in order to deal with more or less narrow roads and/or with the need for smaller or larger loads. Just with this, and coupled with the map's scale offered (even countries relatively small like the Netherlands look positively huge), you can expect a great deal of depth and logistical complexity.The somewhat clunky interface may annoy you at first, but it *does* grow on you, and so I am left with the only criticism that for someone with some geeky obsessions like me this game ends up eating all the time: the ""fix one more town"" urge is very real, and even if the task of fixing them all seems impossible, every single new town you fix feels like an accomplishment (duly rewarded by an achievement).In conclusion, I couldn't recommend this gem more, as I find myself playing it non-stop while leaving plenty of much less entertaining AAA games in the dust."
,Recommended,573060,30672440,Posted: 22 March,all,Flankus,"Because this game is relaxing it seems to have become my 'before bed' game recently. The problem is I have lost sleep by playing too long. This really is a ""just one more"" type game, and once you get by the tough interface and learning curve, there is one addictive game here that is lots of fun for us OCD types. Reccommended!"
76561197998712247,Recommended,573060,34525128,Posted: 27 August,all,riccardo,Very Addictve!
76561198138851176,Recommended,573060,34693629,Posted: 2 September,all,The Bushman Cometh,"Very fun little niche puzzle game with a very active developer.Simple to learn and relaxing, LOGIstiCAL has youcontrolling a group of trucks in order to deliver goods to and from various industry chains, in order to upgrade them, and ultimately satisfy local demands in all the towns you come across.Maddeningly addictive, the urge to finish 'one more town' will possibly result in:loss of your wife/husband.loss of your job.failing biology class.missing your date with Sheila.forgetting to eat/sleep.a slow drift from being a social person to a drooling, blood-shot eyed e-vampire.... but all in all, pretty good game :)being a social person is over-rated, anyway."
,Recommended,573060,32818737,Posted: 26 June,all,Guinea,Really addicting. It's a great game overall with loads of content and DLCs with more to come. Highly recommend it for people who love strategy puzzle games and people that just like a more casual and relaxing game
,Recommended,573060,32726737,Posted: 24 June,all,-1 Stability Hit,"omg this game is so much fun. if you like organizing things at your own pace with no competition, this is your jam"
76561198044062675,Recommended,573060,30035717,Posted: 19 February,all,Lucius Floyd,"Needs a bit of a polish in a few places, but still a nice way to kill a few too many hours."
,Not Recommended,573060,34604276,Posted: 30 August,all,Papy Café,"I kind of like this game, but I definitively can't recommend it.LOGistICAL is a puzzle game indeed, but it is a jigsaw kind of puzzle. I was expecting an optimization game, where you need to optimize your routes or the contract you fulfill, manage vehicles tours, capacities and distances, that kind of stuff. Instead, I don't really need to think, I just need to find the order of deliveries that will allow me to complete the next city, the next jigsaw piece.I see this game being compared to Factorio, and it is true that both share that ""I need these products to assemble that more complicated product"" sort of goals. However, the whole point in Factorio is to set up your factory so that it becomes autonomous, and the fun (for me) comes for the fact that for each new product, I have to augment the factory's design in a way that is more complex, so that the manufacturing flow stays smooth and efficient. Also, you need to avoid getting eaten up by angry aliens who don't share you opinions about environmental pollution.In LOGistICAL, it all boils down to sending a truck from a producing city to a demanding city, and waiting until the delivery is complete. In my opinion, it looks more like an idle game where you are required to make a simple action from time to time, and otherwise let the game play itself. At least, Clicker Heroes allows me to think about my Ancient/Outsider builds, and let me decide when it is best to Ascend/Transcend.I also cannot ignore the UI that made me want to stop before I even played an hour. If a main feature of the game is to have a HUGE map with literally thousands of cities, why is there no search bar? Why does it have to be so tedious to manage a fleet of only 15 vehicles?In the end, if you are into original jigsaw puzzles or an achievement hunter, and if you are patient enough to get past the UI, you will probably have a good time with this game, which manages to be surprisingly addictive. But it is not a game I can recommend, unfortunately."
,Recommended,573060,31980368,Posted: 26 May,all,Ghado,Great game for achievement hunters
,Not Recommended,573060,34607637,Posted: 30 August,all,Gammro,Not a game for me. There's not really any creative element to the puzzle solving.  Paired with the bad graphical design makes this unenjoyable to me.
,Not Recommended,573060,31475257,Posted: 30 April,all,KingBennon,"very poorly optimized. Has much potental, but boy is it ever rough!!"
76561197992171864,Not Recommended,573060,30890074,Posted: 1 April,all,Docsis,"This looks like a really cool game.... but the tutotial is worthless. There are NO tooltips to help you figure out the many TINY icons in the game,. The ""manual""... if you can call it that... is nothing but a Wiki, and doesn't really help you learn to play.This is the 1st game that I have ever asked for a refund. They need a real manual and tooltips.Uninstalled and requested a refund.... my 1st ever refund request."
,Not Recommended,573060,30415840,Posted: 9 March,all,Nezz,"The interface for this game is badly designed.  For example, in the first tutorial, there's an icon of an onion twirling around the town that needs onion.  To pass the first tutorial you had to drag the onion over to the town that had onions.  No matter what I did, the onion icon disappeared as soon as I tried to click on it and drag.Then I noticed there's a menu with another onion icon on it, and you have to click and drag on that one.  And that's what I mean when I say the interface is bad.  The town with the circling onion icons provides the information and context to the user, but the user can't take any action.  The actionable object is shunted away elsewhere.There's also icons that bounce around with no explanation or context why.The seriously flawed UI design make the game unnecessarily difficult."
76561198050615194,Not Recommended,573060,34466504,Posted: 24 August,all,Uncle D,"Clunky, user unfriendly, piece of garbage."
76561197991602575,Not Recommended,573060,31280486,Posted: 21 April,all,Crabby_Bastard,"""Steam is not detected. You must launch Steam to bla bla bla.""Can't get the game to run. And yes I'm launching it through Steam. Can't recommend obviously.Edit: I tried the game again. The game feels like an early access game. Still will not recommend."
,Not Recommended,573060,32745625,Posted: 24 June,all,Bazinga!,"Played it for 15 Minutes and already had enough of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gfx and dumb user interface.Scrolling, Clicking, Dragging... it basically ALL really sucks.I could see the gfx are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I hoped if I played it the game engine would be there to compensate for that. It didnt..."
,Recommended,573060,35381296,Posted: 1 October,all,clubbyclucks,This is fantastic game which well supported by the dev.
