user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198085061200,Recommended,573130,33661914,Posted: 19 July,all,t3opc,"(I bought this game and have nothing to do with anyone because I enjoyed games like the Myst series, Obduction, Solus Project).Its an interesting game. However, mostly it seems to be exploration. So its kind of more like Solus Project than it is Myst. In about an hour and a half, I wouldn't really call most of what I've seen puzzle like in the way that Myst or Obduction is, but also in this case more like Solus Project (just without the survial aspect).Notably, the game works* and looks nice even on this PC which is close to recommended minimum yet is absolutely playable on high quality setting at 1080p.*At the time of this writing there is a crash around an hour of play time. Besides that, the game works very well (there can be some glitches, slowdowns) but its absolutely playable. Some people won't like the crash however. And, at least two non-required to end the game puzzles could at the time of this writing become unsolvable shortening the game time. So the game could use a few patches.[They say that they will work on this] The controls are not customizable so if you're left handed with the mouse or prefer arrow keys then at the time of this writing, there's no way to change from WASD. This may be the first game I've ever bought that didn't allow use of the arrow keys *shakes fist*.There's swimming, jumping, secret areas, and don't think that I've seen an invisiable wall anywhere (there seems to be one in a river but its forgivable).They do a good job of keeping the player engaged by changing things often. Bright to dark areas, from swimming to being high in the trees.If you rush, the game will be too short. There are optional puzzles that will increase the game time.If you like Obduction or Myst, you might like this. Solus Project for the exploration, then maybe you too. For all those, I recommend trying it if you like what you see from the media.UPDATE: After finishing, still found it to be a fun game. There's some rather low score reviews out there I see, but definitely found Aporia to be much better than those reviews suggest. Its rather well done and want to see more."
76561198079350603,Recommended,573130,33665440,Posted: 19 July,all,[HG] Snowyamur,"Sometimes, the best stories are told by illustration rather than written text. In fact, such a method is difficult to achieve, for illustrative learning requires attention, interest, and proper execution. “Aporia: Beyond the Valleyembraces both sight and sound to tell its own story, one that requires not words, but an observant mind to unfold the beauty that surrounds this game.” By the time of writing this review, I have not finished the game, but I am already enjoying it from the start, and will to the end.What is Aporia: Beyond the Valley?Aporia: Beyond the Valleyis a first-person, puzzle, story game that takes place in the fictional world of Ez’rat Qin, a grand civilization and people that have mysteriously been wiped out by something unknown. You, having awakened after centuries of sleep, journey among this crumbled world and uncover the truth behind this civilization’s end, and what danger is truly out there,beyond the valley.GameplayPlayed in first-person, you are one of the last survivors of the Ez’rat Qin.Aporia: Beyond the Valleyis primarily a puzzle game that conjoins with exploration and discovery. You will find certain artifacts to solve puzzles, light your way past obstacles, and endure the pains that your own species has endured before you to seal away its inevitable fate.Compared to other puzzle games, rather than reading about a puzzle and then solving it, you will instead observe the world around you and findillustrative cluesand key objects to help you solve the puzzles. This is a game that tackles a rare path of puzzle-solving: illustrative learning. You will not find texts, documents, or inscriptions lying about to give you hints; the hints and clues are all around you, you just need to open your eyes and look around.Exploration inAporia: Beyond the Valleyis enjoyable as it is immersive, and the game makes you explore without force. You will look from one ruin to another without frustration, anger, or irritation, only with an appreciation to what the developers have created for this game. Everywhere you search is relevant to understanding what really happened to the Ez’rat Qin; not one ruin is irrelevant because each is different and tells its own story to be later included in the main one.When solving the puzzles, there are no guided pathways; every puzzle has its own route that you need to figure out, and exploration is inevitable. You are not following one narrow hallway to victory; you are running here and there to gather the necessary keys to unlocking the next stage of the game.Truly, this is a grand display of storytelling by exploration and observation.GraphicsIn a game that is heavily-dependent on sight, the world within is beautiful. When you enter this world, you can see the crumbled surfaces of the ruined buildings, perhaps feel the smooth, leafy textures of the plant-life that pervades every place you go. Nothing is left out, nothing is missing, nothing is gone. You can literally immerse yourself in this game and feel as ifyou are actually therebecause of how well the developers created and animated their environments.You will walk in the water and will feel like you are actually wet, when you are not. You will look at torn and ruined stone carvings and actually be there looking right at them in-person. No words can better describe this game’s graphic detail than flawless, truly-refined, and precise to the point of strong immersion.Audio and SoundMany games cannot match the music that this game has to offer. It truly adds to the immersion that the player will have when first entering this mysterious world.It will elicit emotions that you have never felt before. It will make you care about what has happened to the Ez’rat Qin. It will make you think about life from a different perspective, and why it must be cherished before its endAs you explore Ez’rat Qin, you will hear the sounds of the world around you, from the wind against the trees, to the rushing of the fierce rivers, to the sound of charmed lights. It is atmospheric as it is realistic, and it makes this game more enjoyable than ever.Aporia: Beyond the Valleyis not your typical Indie game; this is art, this is a masterpiece.Mechanics and SystemsThe game has a few systems, but not many. One is a light-fuel system, where unlocking certain puzzles will use up some type of fuel that will require charging from pickups scattered around Ez’rat Qin.Another is a light-fragment system, where you will find certain fragmented artifacts that you will utilize to solve puzzles you cannot normally solve by walking and running.Additionally, there is a health bar mechanic, where there are certain features of the game that can and will kill you, such as gravity, with the others I will let you see for yourself.Otherwise, most of the game is illustrative observation.Worth the Price?For what this game is, my gosh, yes. For 16 USD, or 20 Canadian, this game has content that will make you leave wishing other games could be as beautiful and worthwhile as this one.Personal Thoughts?I love a good story, and this game definitely brings it to the table. Like a few other games, this one will remain a part of me for the days to come, and will be an inspiration for a story I will one day write for a game and share with the world. You cannot call this game an amateur’s work, or a waste of time, or even garbage. This game is possibly one of many great storytelling games out there, and it has been a pleasure to try it out and review it.To the developers ofAporia: Beyond the Valley, thank you for making illustrative storytelling a reality through this masterpiece. I can't wait to see more of it."
76561198007727427,Recommended,573130,33658603,Posted: 19 July,all,HowlingWolf86,"Gorgeous and calming puzzle game, great graphics, atmosphere, and music."
,Recommended,573130,33688775,Posted: 20 July,all,Krux,"Aporia: Beyond the Valley is a great game if you go into it understanding some key things im going to point out.things you should know before buying.If your looking for a complex puzzle game that is going to leave you scratching your head and aggrivated through out the game, (stuff i love) you are not going to find it in this.If your looking for myst,quern, or games like it, this is not like those games.what this game is, is a story with a beatuiful world and interesting story told very uniquely and in an entertaining way. The music in this game is almost worth the experience alone, the sound design is excellent and the story experience is well crafted and awesome to enjoy. The puzzles however lack in challenge, and thats being nice about it. let me give you an example, theres a puzzle mid game you encounter with 3 pillars directing energy paths to one area that connect to a door, clicking on those pillars rotates them and the puzzle is solved by clicking the pillar until it lights up its energy path, these can be rotated in any order or fashion, you just click them until they work, a lot of the puzzles are like this, a lot of oppurtunity was missed with the puzzles. If your a veteran with puzzle games, this game is going to feel like a walking simulator with some interaction with the world.However, i recommend the game. The reason i do, is because the story, the design, sound and music are a great experience in themselves, those alone are worth the $20.I completed this game in about 7 hours, including doing the optional stuff. probably would have been shorter if it were not for first day crashes, which wasnt all that consistent, and not enough to be frustrating, im sure a patch will handle this very soon.So as a conclusion, dont expect a trivial and challenging puzzle game, expect a beautiful and entertaining interactive story. This game could have went from good to great had the puzzles been more complex, but i appreciate what it is and what i experienced, and i do not regret the purchase.performance:my systemi5-4690k16gb ramgtx1070game ran at max at 2560x1440 at 50 fps give or take in some areas of the game.to the developers: if you make another project in this genre (please do, your story telling and design are amazing, as well as the music) Please construct something with a bit more complexity in the puzzles, i wouldnt have minded paying $40 instead of $20 for a slightly longer and more complex puzzle game."
,Recommended,573130,34156897,Posted: 10 August,all,Kyrock,"Loved playing through and finding new things out about the storyline along the way, very well made and i would love to see a second one being made for one or both of the endings of the game."
76561198334252379,Recommended,573130,33667194,Posted: 20 July,all,Silky Rough,"Silky: Story, gfx, soundtrack.Rough: Hungry at times.I usually wait until I finish a game before reviewing but with this, the finish can't be important, not because I have finished at time of writing (and so I have no idea what the ""finish"" is), but because if I do talk about what the finish is or might be, it would spoil the journey. (EDIT: Finally finished and I have to say, the ending is pretty special.)For the price, an enchanting soundtrack, incredible lighting effects, intriguing story and an impressive amount of artwork and effort, it's a simple choice to make.Know only that ""Myst"" and ""Obduction"" would be comparable. The puzzles don't appear to be very difficult... yet.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1082858268EDIT: Who the HELL are you?! This relaxing, scenic tour of a game just got.... serious.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1084396710"
,Recommended,573130,34863807,Posted: 10 September,all,lambdacore,"Nice journey and story on this one. For someone who likes exploration and solving puzzles like me, it is a quite relaxed experience.At times I would have wished for some subtile hints whether or not an area is complete and it is safe to proceed, but that's just me.Also note that, although there is a map available in the game, it is a) optional and b) does not show, where you are. You have to find your way around by yourself.Size-wise the whole map is not that large, but overall nicely done. They invested a lot of effort in lighting.For me the game took about eight hours to complete."
,Recommended,573130,34220761,Posted: 13 August,all,Squishy,"It is a nice game.Graphically, the vegeration and weather effect could be better, but it's still very decent :).The story, although there are no texts or dialogues, is rather clear.What you need to do for each puzzle is fairly clear also, I would not qualify the game as hard by any means, but it is pretty damn nice :)."
,Recommended,573130,34912267,Posted: 12 September,all,Malik,"This is a wonderfully freeform game that tosses you into a graphically stunning world with no idea of what's going on or even what to do - you figure that out as you go and draw your own conclusions from the bits of information you come across. The story is told entirely in pictograms and art that you discover as you explore the world, and is interesting enough to keep you wanting to move around from place to place to find more - the puzzles you accomplish along the way have a lot more meaning because of this, as compared to some puzzle games where your reward for completing them is just more puzzles. If you've played The Talos Principle you'll like this game quite a bit. That being the case it's obvious this is an indie game as there's a few weird graphical issues that appear from time to time and it's not the most stable game out there. Save often!"
76561198045752399,Recommended,573130,34539606,Posted: 27 August,all,"Krog, Almighty Toad","What can I say about Aporia? ... From the very beginning it pulled me into its unique, imaginative world. But its not just atmosphere that makes this game great: its story, style, soundtrack-all feel new and refreshing. Put simply, it's a beautiful experience (not without its dangers though!) If you're on the fence about buying this game...take the leap!"
,Recommended,573130,34692875,Posted: 2 September,all,michael.henson,"A beautiful, haunting puzzle game.  Excellent graphics, sound and music.  The story unfolds at a satisfying pace and will leave you reflecting on the human nature and the craving for immortality."
,Recommended,573130,33685488,Posted: 20 July,all,specik,"I'm only a few hours in and have yet to finish the game but all I can say is wow. Aporia really brings me back to the Myst days. The environments are gorgeous, beautifully designed and rendered. The puzzles and story are great so far, and it is interesting that no diagloue is used but I can still understand the story. There are a few graphical bugs, but that is to be expected from a brand new game with indie developers. Highly recommend if you're a fan of Myst/Obduction/Solus Project. I guess the only thing I'd say as a potential negaitve is that I understand the game to be fairly short (~4 hours)."
76561198038743484,Recommended,573130,33682875,Posted: 20 July,all,Kappetan,"Just a heads up but I'll be updating this review as I go through the game but as its a new game and not something the masses have clamored for for years I figured anything would be helpful to those on the fenceUpdate 1:This game is really quite pretty...OH GOD MY COMPUTER IS ON FIRE WTF?!?!?!.... Oh...Cryengine3... gues I'm not playing in 4k. Still looks really nice though.First impressions are that its not all that ""puzzley"" (though there are some) and more of a ""find the things that you need wherever they happen to be"". Not an inherently bad thing though.They did a terrible job with the camera during climbing.Stay tuned for update 2Still terrible climbing. I climbed a ladder and was launched hundreds of feet into the air... then plummeted to my death.Much more like a legit puzzle game at this point. really enjoying it.edit 3. hardrive died so had to restart. The optional quest of finding an group of items got a little tedious but it still felt rewarding finding them all. plus the reward made it worth it IMO.having finished the game I'd like to say that They were very inconsistant with their puzzles... not in a quality aspect...though some were better thought out than other, but in that theres just a lot of the game where there are NO puzzles. while thats fine, it was still a fun game, i feel like it was touted as a puzzle game with exploration aspects when in fact its more of a walking simulator with some puzzles strewn about. An example of a game that explained that better from the get-go was INFRAOverall, I'd recomend the game, especially if you can pick it up on sale. 7/10"
76561198060699541,Recommended,573130,33681985,Posted: 20 July,all,TrinstanPrep  gamdom.com,I have played 1 hour and it feels like it's been 5 minutes. This game is absolutely beautiful. The sounds are crisp and the soundtrack is mesmerizing. I am playing on a 980ti 1440p and everything is running nice and smooth. Very immersive and atmospheric game. I love it so far
76561198066720661,Recommended,573130,35279424,Posted: 28 September,all,Young Justice,"The story without words conveyed the plot points through colorful stain glass pictures and the world built around it filled in the details. The atmosphere was set well by the music and the lighting. Danger, uncertainty, peace, amusement, are all things the game communicated well. The puzzles, while never being too challenging, were nice brakes from the exploration. When it was over the story felt wrapped up nicely but could also bring about a sequel.........?I hope so!"
76561198296862680,Recommended,573130,34785320,Posted: 6 September,all,haboodi,found a guy on 9GAG saying this game is good. im playing still playing and it is amazing. the visulas and music are superb. I have made multiple saves because the little scenes and music are just to good. I replay them over and over again. buy the game you will not regert it
76561198045398611,Recommended,573130,33664567,Posted: 19 July,all,Peter,"Nice exploration and puzzle solving game with nice graphics. Recommended if you like games such as Myst, Quern Undying Thoughts and the Solus Project etc."
76561197971864504,Recommended,573130,35248609,Posted: 27 September,all,Simon.Stalhandske,"I might have 0 hours on Steam, but I played the game for about 4 hours, during a playtest.I really enjoyed the experience. The game has an interesting story and is stunningly beautiful and with clever puzzles."
,Recommended,573130,35264145,Posted: 28 September,all,Nice to Have,"I'm really enjoying this game.  There are still many things I don't understand, and also some monster!!"
,Recommended,573130,33673261,Posted: 20 July,all,Dknighter,"I haven't played for long as it keeps crashing on me, though I am playing 4k ultra.The gameplay is perfect so far. You have to explore and find clues to what is going on, nothing is spoon fed to you. The puzzles are extremely basic so far, will take you no time at all to solve, this might change although I wouldn't be disappointed if it doesn't.The graphics are great although a little hit and miss in some areas. The soundtrack is fantastic so far and fits in perfectly with the environment.If they can iron out the crashes and some optimization the game would be perfect.Optimisation:25fps - 45fps on 4k UltraGTX 1080TIRyzen 7 1800x32Gb DDR4 RamWin 10SSD"
76561198005772688,Recommended,573130,33674089,Posted: 20 July,all,Beast of the East DC United,"Very impressed with the quality of this game's exploration. There are a few puzzles here and there, but it's mostly about the enjoyable exploration through a dead society, all done with stunning enviornments. Reminds me of Myst Uru in some ways. If you enjoy exploration or a solid adventure game, this one is a good pick."
76561198033470545,Recommended,573130,33700390,Posted: 21 July,all,C. Viper,"Gorgeous huge valley, and great exploration."
,Not Recommended,573130,33687702,Posted: 20 July,all,✪ Tiggi,"I wanted this game to be good, from the trailers and music presented on the store page this looked like a winner.Upon buying and playing the game I found otherwise.This game looks beautiful form the store page which was one of my biggest draws to buying it.Upon loading in at maximum graphic settings I found to my disappointment that the graphics and lighting were generic cry engine lighting, the environments are a combination of modular assets thrown together with no respect for how this game should look. The water graphics are the worst I've seen and looks like a generic water asset scaled WAY down so that the water had a uniform and tiling flow pattern. The overall water and waterfall effects/particles were the worst I've seen in a game and did not match the rest of the semi-realistic art. There are also many cases of stretched UV textures along walls and edges and some UV textures rotated 90 degrees in the wrong direction breaking the immersion of an actual environment. Perehapse my worst moment was upon getting to the edge of the first cliff area. In the background are GIANT scalled trees that are thrown in and look horrible at that scale, also when looking into the sunset there are visual flickers that glitch across the sky and some post effect edge tearing on the camera's post effects.NOW, about the gameplay. I thought this would be a walking simulator when I bought it, and I was right. That is not a bad thing, that is what I was expecting, BUT the character controls feel SUPER generic, almost like a preset FPS controller from the Cry Engine. While I can't complain about the controls too much because they wern't horrible, I will complain about the level design. The level feels very messy, forcing me to continously go back on myself to find the magic control things. While I don't mind exploration, the level feels linear and like a waste of time. Also there are MANY cases of invisible walls which I could walk on top of, this also breaks the immersion in a walking simulator because that is literally all you do.Finally in a game like this, music and soudns are essential, upon the giant gates opening at the start of the game I was expecting some beautiful soundtrack to come on and play as I explored the environment, but nothing. Around 5 minutes later when the music had significantly less impact a song came on but at that point you missed the wow moment.Overall this game looks good at a standstill but is ruined when moving around the poorly designed environments.This game had so much potential but falls flat.-Graphics 7/10-Gameplay 5/10-Music 5/10-Level Design 3/10Sadly I can't reccomend this game as it feels too janky to let me jump in and immerse myself in the world is has to offer."
,Recommended,573130,33665005,Posted: 19 July,all,Kingdragon131,"I just finished this game and I will give a quick review, for anyone interested in what the gameplay may be like or you might need some help, I had a livestream not too long ago where I finished the game and here is the link to that said livestream:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_prHHvIYB5oAnyway, here is the review.Length:I finished the game rather quickly in about 4 hours but there is an optional collect quest where you must retrieve maybe 20 fragments hidden around the ""Semi-open"" game world which could lenghten the completion clock another 1-2 hours and will grant you more puzzles to solve.Story:The story is told with absolutely no dialogue what so ever but with images sililar to a gif file type cutscenes, you can still move around during these scenes but slowly. I couldn't figure out what the story is supposed to be so I kinda made up my own story during the livestream of what could be going on...which may be intended.Graphics and Design:Everyone's favorite subject...The graphics are fairly top notch, the game was developed using the cry engine so how could they not be. Anyway the pictures are a good enough example of the graphics for this game, but the cutscenes I was talking about earlier are geometric so they aren't top notch FMV'S or anything. Anyway the level design is superb and I really enjoyed exploring the game world and it didn't feel repetitive in any way.Puzzles:This is how the game progesses, You solve some puzzles and you collect an item to progress. However, the Puzzles are rather simple and won't take a genius to solve, and I didn't seem to have any trouble quickly solving any of the puzzles since they are rather linear and straight forward puzzles. Only one in particular I couldn't solve but it was optional for one of the fragment pieces.Sound:Nothing catchy here but it has an original soundtrack, but nothing worth downloading on itunes...especially since i don't use itunes.Gameplay:Again, you solve puzzles and you progress, I'm actually surprised that this game actually has a couple of ""Jump scares"", Maybe I am just a wuss but someone in the stream asked if this was horror...I said ""no"" but I meant ""yes"" :D.Tl;drif short length turns you off then you will be turned off since the puzzles are rather simple, but remember, this game has quality in the graphic and design department. And it seems you can use your imagination with the story as well. Definetely an interesting game to play."
,Recommended,573130,33914687,Posted: 30 July,all,Avenge,"Aporia: Beyond The Valley is a mesmerizing game. Crafted with care and creativity, this is one of the most beautiful, calming adventure puzzle games that I have ever played. Visual storytelling combined with subtle encouragement to explore will make for a gaming memory to cherish and pass along to friends and family. Highly recommended. 10/10 so far."
76561198027564788,Recommended,573130,33711073,Posted: 21 July,all,petervanx,"So.  This is another incomplete review, as I have not completed the game.  After 3.5 hours spent, I can say the following.It is gorgeous, completely.  It is definitely pushing my system to the limit (there is a 747 on my lap taxiing for takeoff and it is putting off A LOT of heat) and there are a couple of glitchy things happening.  But, coming from the era of the Atari 2600 (cringe!) it looks pretty dang sweet.Brief Aside:  I recently went back and started playing the ORIGNAL Myst game again.  Oy, it is so very crude compared to today's standards yet I remember how amazing it looked when it was first released.  It's funny how quickly we take the present for granted and forget the past.  But... I digress!Gameplay is OK.  It's very uncool that the game will not allow you to re-map/re-bind the keys.  That ain't a new feature, friends - heck my first THIEF game (1998) had that capability and it was NOT the first.  Also, the ""M for MAP"" key does not work for me.  Unless, of course, i have not yet discovered the map?  This is not a HUGE problem yet as I have a pretty good sense of direction.  It would be nice, tho.I think my biggest... complaint?... confusion?,,, is... what the HECK am I supposed to be doing.  Not as in, how do i move around and collect magic lava in giant test tubes and open doors, etc, but what is the overall goal?  I'm definitely progressing I just do not know towards what end.  Perhaps that is the point.Other people are characterizing the game as simply a story discovery... a walking narrative, so to speak.  Which is fine, if that is what it is.  The fault likely lies with me, in expecting something a little more Myst-like rather than Ethan Carter-like, if you will.  Having said THAT, the mechanism(s) the game uses to describe the backstory/history are totally original and brilliantly conceived and executed.  I hope when i reach the game there is an option to watch all of the little vignettes in sequence.Anyway, this game is defintely well worth the $$ and, so far, the time.  I have been told i should try to be less goal-oriented and more process-oriented in life.  Pfft, whatever, but it would make sense to proceed into this game in that manner!"
76561198254388505,Recommended,573130,33746182,Posted: 23 July,all,dilanyuksell,"Loved itI have been playing the game for some hours now and I love it.The story reveals gradually, it is stylized, mystical and immersive.I am looking forward to learn more about the story. Not being able to see the character created even more mystery for me. I realized there were some old paintings around the world and they give some clues on story and they were adding a lot to the world which is already very beautiful.Visuals of the game creates the feeling of a magical world and they are well polished. I liked the visual effects. The same location has a total different feeling when it becomes night. Many times I just stopped and looked at the assets around the world, so detailed and beautiful. The sound and the visuals supports this mystical, enthusiastic feeling and the story even more. I will have the soundtrack to listen when I go for a walk.  I definetely recommend to play this game with nice headphones. I felt l like I m living in that world.The puzzles are well balanced on hardness. They were not so hard or too easy. The atmosphere you experience while solving the puzzles are stunning. I felt rewarded and statisfied after solving puzzles. I havent seen any bugs or any disturbance on the flow fo the game. The world is too big and from the map I could see that I didnt visit all the puzzles. Cant wait to explore more.good job"
76561198052305101,Recommended,573130,34021800,Posted: 4 August,all,JimBob,A beautiful and imaginative game.Well recommended.
,Not Recommended,573130,35215149,Posted: 25 September,all,ProjectRaven,Why a developer decides to release a game in this day and age with no option to rebind controls is just miind boggling. Refunded.
,Recommended,573130,33799979,Posted: 25 July,all,Jeg Slikke Alle Tingene,"Great Story, would recommend."
76561198245130224,Recommended,573130,33947163,Posted: 1 August,all,krista_o,"I have been playing this game now for 10 hours and must admit I am loving it.  A little tedious in places but all in all a great concept.  I am in no hurry to finish it, after all what will I replace it with?  I recommend this for total immersion in the overall story."
76561198126150328,Recommended,573130,34449499,Posted: 23 August,all,cameradogdan,"a great game experience, required a realistic amount of thought, analisys and observation.. and some fast mouse skills.  visually a very inspiring and believable world with realistic deangers and resolutions.  i would eagerly look forward to another of this calibre from this team.  the only down side was it is very system hungry.. but lowering qualities did not compromise nor deter from the overall experience."
,Recommended,573130,35248270,Posted: 27 September,all,acco205,"The worst part about this game is that it isnt longer. Like other reviews have said, its pretty easy, only two major puzzles, lots more mini puzzles, some harder than others. Overall it was still an enjoyable way to spend 6 hours."
