user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198277984478,Recommended,573780,29679088,Posted: 3 February,all,TemmieNeko,"UPDATE! The dev has been listening to player feedback, and has pretty much fixed, repaired, optimized almost everythign we asked for!Better sword attack range?checkHp in the levels themselves?checkcheaper shops?check.And hes's not done, this game is shaping up to be very very VERY good now.check the review date for negative reviews, they mjight not be aware this dev is a hard worker!@I was eagerly anticipating this game, at it's current state. it's alright. But I feel it needs a few things to make it really good and fun to play as well.The random map creation sometimes leads to areas where enemies can get trapped, or you might fall in a spot you can't escape from ( you can bomb the walls with the two girls special move, and the lizard has a high jump instead of explosives, so it's negotiable)To make it a bit worse, if you land on a spike...you are pretty much dead. At least in the beginning when you have less HP and no stat points to add to your DEF or HP.**edit- dev patched and fixed various issues, and lowered the damage from spikes **There seems to be no way to recover HP in a run, only in between ACTS , and at a store. Pretty pricey, too. 100+ for anythign in the shops i found, but It depends what charcter you use ( they all have different starting HP, and other stats)I do like this game idea, and the characters, and the look, the feel.But I feel like it needs a little nip and tuck in a few areas to make it really shine.( btw, don't use interpolating graphics- it looks liek smeared vaseline on your screen , the standard look is crisp, and very pretty )For now, I would recommend this to players that like a hard, but rewarding rogue-like-lite platformer with perma-death.You gain exp in the runs, which levels you up and allows you to spend points on your stats, like Wep, which adds your ammo count, HP , DEF, ATK, etc.All charcters have a gun, a sword, and one special item to start, there are other items and weapons you canpick up in the runs. So it's got a bit of variety on it's side.The spelling of some things ( like GRANADESm instead of GRENADES ) is off, but it's pretty clear the developer isn't english-native.**edit- not too long after launch, the dev fixed various issues and bugs, and added an entire new area as a secret ^^ very devoted dev **tl;dr - Fun, hard game with cute anime style visuals and old-school charm  that needs a little more love to be perfect for everyone.recommend ^^b"
76561198398492463,Recommended,573780,32744788,Posted: 24 June,all,tomakosacz,"Pretty decent game but has some obvious bugs. Sometimes the keyboard controls stop working usually after you throw a grenade and they wont start working again until you somehow die. Also, you are unable to use guns and grenades at boss fights."
76561198001891488,Not Recommended,573780,29697528,Posted: 4 February,all,Fingertrap,"This game has a lot of potential, but also a lot of problems.Let's talk about the good stuff first:-Soundtrack and artstyle are great and have a nice retro feel to them-Progression system is nicely done, even though you can only apply your level-up points in-between stages.And here are the not-so-good stuff:-Translation is sub-par, unless you like chucking ""Granades"".-Physics bugs such as grenades magically flying upwards through walls or instantly blowing up when thrown.-Boss hitboxes are very whacky.-No ability to heal inside of a stage.Many of those make this game extremely difficult, but not the kind of difficult that makes you proud when you finally get something done. It's the kind of difficult that just makes you wish you were done with the game.In conclusion, this game has a great base to build upon but lacks the required polish to make it enjoyable.If you wish to purchase an action-RPG roguelike, I would suggest buying Rogue Legacy or Binding of Isaac.I will come back to this game if there is a patch/balance sometime in the future and change the verdict accordingly."
76561198145298170,Recommended,573780,29958797,Posted: 16 February,all,Games4Eternity,"If you were turned off by the few minor problems there were before all the updates.Virtually all of the problems/complaints have been fixed, maybe all of them honestly.Fairly Difficult Rogue Style Platformer with RPG Elements and a bit of strategy.Select between 3 characters who have different starting attributes and abilities.Decent story. Good music. Good sounds. (Retro-style)Pixel Graphics. Nice backgrounds.Random Level/Enemy/Boss layouts each playthrough.You make runs to complete the game in one attempt.(You can acquire a check-point for each level, but it's pretty hard to do so and is more for practice.)Use Swords/Guns/Explosives to defeat your enemies.(Acquire keys to unlock coffers found throught the level to unlock stronger weapons at random)Defeat enemies to gain XP to level up your HP,Strength,Defense,Ammo capacity, between each stage.Buy armor/ammo/keys/teamerite from shops in-between stages.Honestly, I was a little disappointed at first;then I made it (""my mission to beat this game"") andI'm actually enjoying it a lot now. At first it seemed impossibly difficult, but with a few fixes and a little bit of patience & learning how the game functions; the game is becoming a lot easier to manage. Personally I'm glad I didn't refund it, because the more I play it, the more I enjoy and respect it.(Mission Update: Ending C, I'll take it.)"
,Recommended,573780,29679947,Posted: 3 February,all,Sham,"The game is still honestly pretty glitchy, but for what it's worth, it's also fun. On top of this, the developer has plans to continue improving the game based on the things we run into. That's always a nice sign.It plays a lot like Spelunky, with pixel graphics and a sci-fantasy anime theme. There's three characters who play noticably different even from the start, each having their own special equipment unique to them. The music itself sounds unique, and I'm not sure of the source but it definitely reminds me a lot of Cavestory, as does a lot of the aesthetics of the levels.It's definitely a game to consider if you liked things like Spelunky, La-Mulana, or Necrodancer."
76561198061844476,Recommended,573780,29716272,Posted: 5 February,all,SAGI,"When I played this game I was comparing it with some other games that are of similar genre like Rogue Legacy, La-Mulana and Vagante. It even reminds me of Enter the Gungeon in some way. Frankly speaking this game would have a lot more replayability if it is more properly polished. As a retro platformer it has an outstanding art style, nothing more than that unfortunately. The contrtols are actually tolerable with keyboard, though you can't remap the keys. The character moves a bit too fast than usual, which makes it hard to control as you may indeliberately run into enemies' hurtbox since the default melee weapon is a bit too short. Getting used to the hurtbox and the hitbox is not an easy thing as trying is more costly in this game. Some mistakes will take you back to the start. That is also part of the reason why it feels more frustrating than playing other rogue-like games.Will recommend if the melee weapon is made 0.5cm longer 3/10*Ver 1.0.4 update edit*First you can remap the keys and that's a proper fix. Second now melee weapons have a slightly larger hit area which makes you now be able to hit enemies that are 1 block lower, and your melee attacks do stretch further now. So now we can really settle down and play this game. It just so reminds me of Vagante. I give a recommend for the art style."
,Recommended,573780,29736142,Posted: 5 February,all,ocean pollen,"Anime SpelunkyIt's hard, so I haven't gotten far yet.It's cute.I recommend trying very hard to keep your shield in the first level.You might think ""I should save my ammo for the boss"", but it seems that you can't use guns on the boss.It plays well with a keyboard. My only complaint is that there isn't a ragequit button--you have to die, and then go through menus to get out of the game (if you alt-tab and kill the game, you can lose teamerite!).Differences from Spelunky:Items seem like much less of a big deal. Mostly I've seen stronger or weaker weapons, but the weapons act the same. A run in Spelunky was defined by your item pickups. I haven't seen what defines a run yet in this game, apart from ""how much am I sucking?""It has more bosses. The first one only two levels, on the first world. I've seen two different bosses for the first world's boss, too.You can collect 'teamerite' by beating bosses and by spending 500 at the shop prior to a boss. Your 'teamerite' persists through runs and can be spent on to benefit a run.There doesn't seem to be a level time-limit (like Spelunky's ghost).You have a melee weapon, a ranged weapon with depleting ammo, and bombs (or grenades, or jump boot uses) that recharge.You have a mini-map of the complete level and near enemy indicators, but you can't look around.Like the original Spelunky, but unlike the high-rez version, only the map near to you is 'alive'. You can set a bomb, run away, and then it won't actually blow up until you come back to it. Monsters will often spawn in situations that result in them killing themselves, but this won't happen until you're nearby.There are no shopkeepers. Instead, between levels, you can talk to NPCs, level up your abilities, and buy some items.When you reach the exit of a level, you can teleport to the top to get another try at looting the place, rather than immediately continuing on.There don't seem to be any instaneous deaths. The spikes were nerfed.Similarities to Spelunky:You go on 'runs' through 'worlds' of 'levels' that consist of randomly-generated side-view cave-like dungeons. You start at the top and will find the exit near the bottom. In between there are a variety of monsters and traps and treasures. More monsters than traps. Treasure is in breakable containers and openable chests rather than laying as gold on the ground.After a while you can skip the earlier 'worlds' of a run, in this game via teleporters.It's hard. Especially the bosses. In both games you can avoid everything and sprint to the exit, at the cost of being less capable of handling later levels."
76561197983353237,Recommended,573780,29807566,Posted: 9 February,all,batmobilly,"This game is alot of fun, while it is very difficult it's also addicting. I wasn't going to write a review because I'm not good at coming up catchy and informative reviews, however after seeing that XenonValkyrie currently has a ""Mixed"" review average, I felt compelled to do what I can to recktify that. It really is a good game and is getting better with each update which are released often. My only request for the game is MORE STEAM ACHIEVEMENTS!!.."
76561198049811811,Recommended,573780,31665576,Posted: 10 May,all,Yūdachi_Hu,"So here it is, this is my comment of this game after I think I beat this game ( only got a bad end I think because I complete all mission with 1 hour and 16 minutes ).ControlI play this game with my macbook, which means I can only use my keyboard to play this game. Surprisingly, it hasan option for keyboard setting. It is a good improvement compared with his previous gameRippled Corpses. But I play that game with my keyboard and mouse so it is not necessary probably XD. The control is, I think, so smooth that I can't stop myself running into monsters, and that will somtimes contribute to my mistake. To keep away from that situation, you need to always keep your eyes open to prevent your character from that over-control.Technically, I prefer Rippled Corpses's control than this game:(StyleClassic RPG game with some Arcade elements like one chance, no continues. Compared with Rippled Corpses, it has more random than that game. You need to level up and have plans to use skill point to upgrade your physical statistics, by the way, get some awesome weapon to make a Dynastic Warrior Play Style or get a sh*** stick to make a H1Z1 Play Style.But anyway, not matter how bad luck you get, it still has chance to beat the final boss with your masterpiece control, right? :) It is really fair for anyone who play this gameGraphicsYou can change it's render mode, but I recommend it's mosaic style. New render mode looks like a wash painting. But if your eyes cannot bear that color, you can use that.GameplayBetter far away than Rippled Corpses. It has different stage boss, random treasure box, and different ends I think (Because I got bad end/ End C when i first beat the final boss with more than 1 hour).In conclusion, it is a nice game, and of course better than his first game Rippled Corpses. But I think it could be better. I found some glitch and if the developer read my review, i will be appreciated.1. When you rise up your gun and change your weapon, you cannot move or jump after you change your weapon to your gun and fire one bullet.2. Jewelry or key will sometimes stuck into the wall, you need some explosive (Hand Grenade, Special skills like time bomb, suicide bomber monster) to get it.3. Sometimes the mid boss will stuck into the wall, and it will still give you some damage."
,Recommended,573780,30067777,Posted: 20 February,all,OriginalVin,"I've enjoyed Xenon Valkyrie. It provides some arcadey fun and pulls off that loop of playing, dying,  and saying ""one more time"". i.e. keeping you engaged for a half hour, 45 min, an hour, etc. when you have a good run going.It reminds me of Cave Story a bit, but with a *tad* less finesse than that game's character feel. Initially, it was much more rigid, but thanks to an update in March, its been made MUCH more fluid. Everyone controls a lot better now - its a major improvement to the core character controller, and even things like switching weapons has been tightened up, becoming faster and more responsive. Overall the action feels good, but is a little more methodical than you might expect - which may not be coming through from the trailers or screenshots. Its got its own flow and tempo, but what its going for definitely works well.>>>>March update: I should also mention that this March update (ver. 1.1.0) has also just improved a bunch of things, including the front end. It feels a whole bunch more ""finished"" now in general - it features a proper opening, there's more ""proper"" presentation all around now with better title cards upon entering stages and stuff like that. Most importantly, there's now options to fiddle with including fundamental things like fullscreen or windowed :D This game is feeling much better and super polished now!<<<<There's obviously some issues. Some graphic tiles used may double as backgrounds and collision. Some traps (gas spewers) only trigger when you're onscreen, throwing off their pattern. The reach on some of your melee weapons are total garbage, and some enemies seem practically untouchable as a result. The algorithm used to generate levels certainly isn't perfect, as expected, but it puts out good stuff more often than not.I wish it looked better, at least its characters. Its got a good STYLE, and the backgrounds are actually pretty nice, resembling a chunkier, lower-res Super Metroid or Metroid Fusion. The characters stand out A TON though, because they're only like 10 large, chunky pixels arranged together, unfortunately. They successfully capture ZERO PERCENT of the cool designs from the key art you're seeing on the store page, which is a total shame. If the backgrounds were higher-res, and the character sprites shot for a style at least more like a Drill Dozer, Shockman or MetaGal instead, this would all be so much improved (it would probably be able to hang with something like TimeSpinner then).It is what it is, and while I personally think it all comes off looking a bit too much like ""Super Metroid for Atari"", the execution on the visual presentation is fine overall. Some nice chiptunes here as well.I actually can't speak as to how this compares with Rogue Legacy, 20XX, Spelunky or the other big Roguelikes (I gotta start playing more of these), but I know that I've enjoyed playing this so far. Its got a few quibbles, but generally comes together well, and its a game I'm coming back to when I want to just zone out, listen to a podcast, and play something for a little bit of time. So it gets a recommendation from me."
76561198027130533,Recommended,573780,29744166,Posted: 6 February,all,Tililio,"At first, I wanted to like this game... The graphisms are amazing, the music too, there's a nice little cutscene at the beginning... But the gameplay was somewhat broken (and there was even a few crashes)... I even asked for a refund...But a few days later, I decided to give it a second chance... And it was worth it.The game is still difficult and ""broken"" is some parts, but the dev is still working on it to improve the game.So, even if it's not perfect yet, I can recommand this game, especially with the active work of the dev ^^"
,Recommended,573780,29747749,Posted: 6 February,all,I'll Have an E please Bob,"I like it, it's hard but my wrists are getting sore - She saidPlay with it a little more - I saidIt is really difficult but that adds to it's charm. As you progress through worlds the difficulty is ramped up a lot! I wouldn't say it's to hard, remember the games on snes and megadrive!Luckily you can unlock world checkpoint permanently which are good for practice, but not much else as you won't be gaining your levels from the previous worlds.It takes patience not to get hit thus enabling you to get further into the game.I've been playing it now and again and my skills have improved, but so many rage moments!Overall 8/10 from me.(Incresed from 7 to 8 as lots of updates!)"
,Recommended,573780,29730688,Posted: 5 February,all,Comb Stranger,"Definitely has some shortcomings at the moment, but the dev is actively listening and improving things. Just don't go into it expecting something as polished as Spelunky."
76561198046162452,Recommended,573780,29898674,Posted: 13 February,all,Leftunderthepressure,THIS GAME RULE!  i love it =D
,Recommended,573780,30260295,Posted: 1 March,all,Somyx,This game is awesome but too fukken hard to be honest. Dont get me wrong I love hard games but this is just ridiciulous if I die I will lose my Items and my Level? Oh please even Dark Souls got more mercy than this game. Thats the only down i can think of but its the worst kind of down in my opinion so I am gonna give up on that game and give it back. I will consider buying it again if it gets a ♥♥♥♥♥ modus where u can keep ur weapons at least. I still give this game 9.5/10 points Its fun. Buy it.PS: I would love to play that in Coop!
76561197979669620,Not Recommended,573780,29815951,Posted: 9 February,all,Niro,"This is a great example of a game that I would recommend as a freeware game, but the price and lack of quality is a deal breaker.So many bugs and design oversights... Buggy collision detection with bosses, enemies constantly fall into enemy pits, lack of ability to shoot up/down means you can't do anything when they do. The physics on grenades is bad, with them often clipping through ceilings and shooting upward into the sky. You have to utilize bombs constantly to progress through levels. The amount of bugs combined with the daily updates pretty much spells it out: This is not a finished game.I'm not a big fan of this graphical style, and while the backgrounds pull it off, the sprites look quite bland, and often it can be hard to tell what kind of environmental tile is a solid foreground tile, a passable background tile, or a drop-down foreground tile. Admittedly this doesn't take long to figure out, but it's something that should be obvious from the get-go.Finally, the interface and controls leave a lot to be desired, my primary grievance being the cumbersome weapon switching system. On top of that there's no explanation for how anything works.This game doesn't really offer much that spelunky doesn't, and lacks a lot of what spelunky has. The only strong point I found in this game is it seems to have a better variety of weapons. I could maybe recommend it to an anime weeb looking for that anime spelunky to fill that... oddly specific anime spelunky niche, but there's not really much anime to be seen, with the player sprite and most sprites being 8x8 at just enough detail to get kind of an idea of what they are, artstyle really does not matter.Honestly, just get the original freeware spelunky, it's $10 cheaper and better than this.This is the second game I've bought from this developer, and while to its credit I don't feel like I'm going to be refunding this one, I don't think I'm going to buy their next one either. Or at least I'll listen when steam tells me the game has ""mixed"" reviews at 65%."
,Recommended,573780,31359232,Posted: 25 April,all,OSad,"A fairly generic 2D rogelite action platformer a-la Spelunky.- Bad hitstun implementation: you're sent flying in a direction after getting hit in XenonValkyrie. This has no cooldown effect and also changes the direction you're facing to the direction you're sent flying towards. Trying to engage enemies in tight quarters can lead to a situation where you land on top of the enemy, get hit and turned around, swing your sword at nothing, fall back down on the enemy, get hit again, repeating this chain until you land in a position where you can actually hit said enemy, losing a lot of health for free in the process.- Foreground can get very busy: particle effects are abundant and can make the viewing experience a bit cluttered, obscuring the action at certain points in the first stage.- Weapon switching is very awkward: you have two buttons to switch weapons, but the weapon wheel always moves to the left, which leads to some awkward situations where you don't know if you should press L1 or R1 to switch to the weapon you want.- Wall jumping sends you back flying a set distance: trying to wall-jump into tight corridors and passages in this game can get incredibly frustrating. It always takes at least a couple of jumps too much to get anywhere when walls are involved.- The area around the teleporters can get a bit busy: when you port into a new area, all the enemies around the teleporter seem to die to avoid cheap hits. However, certain enemies in this game explode upon death. The player can get caught in the blast as he leaves the teleporter and take unnecessary damage, merely by progressing the game normally.- Shooting is awkward: you have to hold the attack button momentarily and then release it to shoot your gun. If you tap it too fast, nothing will happen. This is supposedly to stop you from wasting ammo but it makes actually using the guns a bit of a hassle.- You can only use melee weapons during the bosses: I can understand making and balancing bosses around melee combat, but thematically, it makes no sense that the player is suddenly not able to use the rest of his arsenal, especially since the bosses are so ridiculously simple to begin with.All that being said, the game is fairly cheap and you get what you pay for."
76561198066421328,Not Recommended,573780,33288800,Posted: 5 July,all,Protocol27,"Let me just state that I only played 1.4 hours on Xenon Valkyrie before refunding it, so I could be wrong on some things I say, but for me, 1.4 hours was enough to know I wouldn't enjoy the entire game.Pros:- Good variety of swords and guns- Great presentation- Awesome music (the best part of the game imo)- Controls are pretty good (except for the gun)- Different characters make for good varietyNeutral:- Story is vague, so I can't comment on it- There aren't any tutorials, or messages to tell you what the objective is, but it's still neat to figure out things on your own- Combat is alright, but could of had more depth like light, heavy attacks, or at the least a charge attack- Translation is a bit wonky, but it's hilarious to see, for me at leastCons:- The randomly generated levels can be cheap at times, areas with loot you can't get to, unavoidable spikes in your way, you get hit by explosions when you spawn into the level, and having to use bombs just to progress- You can't heal or restore ammunition in the stages, the most you get are small health pickups- Gun has a delay, which helps with not wasting ammo, but feels awkward- Sword range is too short, causing you to accidentally get hit a lot, and there's no way to increase the range- You can only switch weapons in one direction, for example if you want to switch to your sword when you have a gun, you have to go through your grenades and special firstOverall, while the cons may not seem like that much, they make the game too frustrating. During my short experience, I didn't have that much fun."
,Not Recommended,573780,33613221,Posted: 17 July,all,PIROSTAGMA,"The simple fact that there are shiny particles in front of the screen that i can't disable in the options menu makes this game instantly unplayable for me. Do they add any value other than aesthetics? No. So why are there in front of my vision distracting me from the actual game and causing visual clutter? Our eyes are instantly drawn to shiny things, so when you have shiny things everywhere in front of the screen it becomes a chore to try to figure out your surroundings.That being said if the problem of the visual clutter and slow/buggy weapon switch gets dealt with i can see myself enjoying this game. It is a fun game, it just needs some tweaks that make the gameplay less annoying."
76561198032654008,Not Recommended,573780,33989958,Posted: 3 August,all,Xeraf,"A B O M I N A T I O N.One word to say about this game. Screenshots and description is great. Risk of rain + Ninja Gaiden classics, should've been a fine game...But you thrown into less then 320x240 resolution game without any explanation or guides, controls unresponsive af, you always forced to jump down without knowing if enemy is there (and it's probably there)."
,Not Recommended,573780,33327486,Posted: 6 July,all,miguelaltorre0145,"The controls are not told to the player, and  I have no idea how to really work anything, or what to do, all i know is that the keys that work are: a,d m, n, and l practically everyother key doesnt work for me"
,Recommended,573780,33141263,Posted: 2 July,all,FLY,Good game! but quite difficult to enjoy
,Recommended,573780,30916144,Posted: 2 April,all,Tasty Cereal,It's too unforgiving!!!!!
76561197982599663,Recommended,573780,29682557,Posted: 3 February,all,kidc,"An awesome new roguelike? JUST HOOK IT TO MY VEINS! Video of the first few stages below if youre interested in seeing it in motion, and dont play as the fish guy, he is the worst! Also I fight the first boss at the end...https://youtu.be/5KGA6F_K4pwupdated with more impressions:This game is a bit unforgiving in terms of its health system, if you get stuck in a bad spot, or just flub a jump you can be quickly hit over and over again, there seems to be no invincibility frames which would be SUPER helpful. Also, in my time playing it I never saw a way to regain health besides buying it at the end of a stage...and the health is usually way more money than you will have. What this means is that you will load out into the next level with LESS health than the previous, easier level. Maybe you could always return to a bas % of your total health when you warp? Like at the very end of my video when I fight the boss, I go in with 2 health. Its insane.And I have been tinking about it a lot, I would love it if your sword did overhead damage as well. The damage ""zone"" is only directly in front of you, traditionally in games where you are swinging a sword (castlevania) there is a bit of damage in the upper/front region so that it is easier to hit flying enemies. Like the flying eyeball in this game. Which I HATE."
,Not Recommended,573780,29706234,Posted: 4 February,all,TNobody0214,"I bought this thinking it looks good and could be a fun new platformer rouge like to try out. Concept seemed neat and looked as if could be a good time waster I could spend a night on. My first problem arouse at looking at the achievements ""you killed to Deftos"". Even with English not being your native language this is something you could easily check. Well by the description of the game you would think there would be some opening cutscene of anything to describe your characters you play as, why your doing this, or hell anything. Nope nothing.Well i could've spent more time shearching, you shouldn't have to spend time shearching a game for the purpose on why you should be doing what your doing.But besides that the music was good and the world looks pretty, well pretty and fuctional are two different things.Entering the first area that I fight enemies in well my main problem was seeing the ground of where I had to go. In Acient Techforest pretty much all the color you see are bright blues and black. While this is pretty I found myself more often than not walking into walls, off sides of platforms, or not see dangers ahead cause they blend in to much to all the blues and blacks. I fell into spike traps that I couldnt see to well more than once and they deal a good chunk of hp damage pretty fast. But as seen in the pictures above in the preveiw I see the same blues but the floors are more of a red to stad out against the backdrop, so i dont see why this first area didnt have that same treatment of making sure it was easily seeable.  Layout wise the procedurally generated areas tend to create traps that could pretty much make it so you can't access some areas for items or enemies cause it is out of reach of your jump or you need to use the special of the character to get past it (2 of them have explosives and one has a super jump). After super jumping over a wall i was lucky to dodge a spike right below it as i fell down and then after crossing it I fell into a pit that dropped me straight to the bottom of the map, no chance to even recover or see the rest of the map at all. This may seem nice so you can just keep going, but exploration and enemy fighting is needed to get items and exp to be strong enough to go farther in these kinds of games so having this happen to me made me feel this whole map was just a huge waste of time.Really this is just an overall rant after 20 mins of play. But gut instinct usually kicks in a around that point. With the bad grammar and spelling, pretty but ineffecint design I saw right off the beginning, and the fact the maps you enter can kill and or completly block you from what your doing just cause the generate that way is completly unacceptable.Will I try to pick up and play this game again to change my mind? Maybe. Will i recommend this game in its current state for someone looking for a game like this? No. If I see the dev continue to work on this game and make it better I hopefully say I want to change this reveiw to be good cause this is a great concept and it seems to work quite well but there are things that need to be fixed or adjusted."
,Not Recommended,573780,30525465,Posted: 15 March,all,Klokinator,"Do you like games where you can fall a ridiculously long way offscreen, smashing into spikes you had no way of knowing were there, plus you had no way to lower yourself down slowly like in Spelunky?Do you enjoy fighting bosses where your ranged weapon is arbitrarily disabled for no reason and you have to melee them to death, but their hitbox is tiny and they're firing projectiles at you rapid-fire?Do you enjoy having a huge variety of melee weapons that all look different, have better stats that progress upwards linearly, but all function in exactly the same way with the same reach?Do you enjoy finding caskets that open for one character but not another and have no explanation as to what is making them open, yet are required to get better weapons to progress?Do you enjoy having neat items and stuff but a clunky weapon and item swapping system that switches them so slowly you're better off just using melee for every situation, lest you get surprise attacked and die to a bullet flying at you from offscreen?Do you enjoy physics bugs?Do you enjoy a bland, uninspired soundtrack that will make you cherish the sweet release of sleep?Then oh my god, I've got the game for you! Play this crappy, badly translated Spelunky anime girl ripoff with no soul, interesting story, or basically anything to hook you in!"
76561197994806254,Not Recommended,573780,29713698,Posted: 5 February,all,haider.ismail,This game sucks
,Recommended,573780,30230237,Posted: 27 February,all,Baby Fresh Sans,challenging yet fun
76561198030127591,Recommended,573780,31396719,Posted: 27 April,all,Reighnvhasta,Fun little difficult rogue-like RPG with an awesome soundtrack. Plays a bit like Spelunky except with level up mechanics. Great game to just jump right into and spend a few minutes or a few hours on at a time.
,Recommended,573780,33766940,Posted: 24 July,all,WATTARU,"The game is just plain good.This is a very typical rouge-like game. Nothing much to talk about, since this is just so typical.Personally, I like the visual design. Fantasy, cyber punk, and a little bit of anime, all mixed in one bowl, which makes the game unique. Not dizzy, not  disgusting, not nerdy/geeky.But the game is slightly unkind. As I make my ways through, I feel more like there is a certain intended way of playing this, not just grinding to the teeth. Also, random boxes rarely give weapons with ATK > 8. Even though ATK is not everything, boss fights are simply time consuming w/o those strong weapons."
,Recommended,573780,33888802,Posted: 29 July,all,DeafPereira,"Hey, I have been playing this game 36 hours and got all achievements, and I love this game.Before When I buy this game there lot bug and don't have pause, sometimes you die when you spawn by enemies or bomb of enemies, but the Developer listen to all these reports, and almost everything fix and now this game has pauseI know this game is very difficult, that is a roguelike, I know there save (only save when you buys weapon, location, and dyminatry)), the checkpoint of location, etc... but is still roguelike because this game doesn't have save game or continue.Just like other games of a roguelike.Gameplay: Is very nice, is just classic style retroControl: The control is difficult, sometimes you need practice like jump, etc... but control move is good just need practice because of a jump, etc...Soundtrack: I love it, song is awesome there no mistakeBoss: Bosses is hard, but will be very easy if you read their pattern (I did no-hit damage all boss).Do I recomend this game ?Well yes, is good, I know you guys don't like this game because is very hard or frustrating but remenber this is roguelike, whatever you guys are a fan of roguelike or non-roguelike this game is fun and I recomend buy this game.8/10"
76561198027223922,Recommended,573780,34095355,Posted: 7 August,all,Lightning,"Quite simply, dispite some flaws, this game is really fun.Now keep in mind first and foremost that this game has been updated frequently, and old reviews sometimes have complaints that have already been addressed.Like most roguelikes, this one has a fair bit of challenge, and getting use to enemies and mechanics can take a little while. The investment is worth it however. One of the big standouts for this game is the music. The theme for the first area is absolutly fantastic.Honestly, this game is a solid 8/10 espesially for only 10 dollars.Also worth noting that I have only had a single crash and that was before starting gameplay via switching from fullscreen to windowed. No issues futher.Also Elone is bae."
,Not Recommended,573780,34694949,Posted: 2 September,all,chewfeather,"Xenon Valkyrie wants to be Spelunky with RPG elements. It comes just close enough to see what it was going for, but ultimately it falls short.The main issue is its lack of depth. There are no meaningful strategic decisions to be made either in resource management or in putting a loadout together. The advancement you have control over is only simple numeric improvements in stats you already have; weapons you get to choose between differ only in simple numeric damage and appearance. As a result, the game is just an exercise in learning how to engage each enemy-type and hazard safely, and then advancing through the levels to the end.The most disappointing thing about this game is that it's almost there. The implemented mechanics all work. The spritework and music and physics are all of surprisingly good quality by comparison. However, the team just seems to have neglected to include mechanics that would give the game anything really unique to set it apart. Any given floor of the dungeon has some combination of normal enemies, simple traps, containers with possible money in them, and possibly big monsters with keys / a chest to use a key on (which contains only a weapon with a different damage value than your current weapon of that type), but nothing else. They don't have special interactions or challenges or meaningful opportunities to try a high-risk high-reward play.There are various other things that make the game clumsy (having four usable abilities, but having to cycle between them rather than mapping them to separate buttons? Really?), but one can learn to work with them and they feel sort of forgivable, but really the simple boringness of this game's main gameplay makes it impossible to recommend."
