user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197971141836,Recommended,574050,32759871,Posted: 25 June,all,Schnittertm,"Dragon Quest Heroes™ III.) The BasicsDragon Quest Heroes™ II, or DQH2 for short, is a so-called Musou game, where you battle hordes of weak enemies with a few stronger enemies mixed in to make matters more interesting, as well as the occaisional boss fight. This all is presented in the universe of the JRPG franchise Dragon Quest with the graphical style of manga artist Akira Toriyama of Dragonball fame.II.) DRMThe game is protected by Steam DRM with a layer of Denuvo anti-tamper.III.) Graphics, Settings and PerformanceThe graphics in this game are colorful and capture the unique style of the DQ universe very well. For DQ series veterans all the monsters will be recognizable in an instant from the lowliest, smiling slime to the largest dragon. The effects, for the most part, share the colorful scheme, but can get in the way of situational awareness in heavy combat.The settings are fairly limited. For one, only 16:9 resolutions seem to be supported. There is also no way to tweak AA or AF and many other comforts enjoyed in other PC titles are still missing.The performance itself seems to have similar problems as on the first game, meaning achieving a stable frame rate seems to be nigh on impossible, as in certain scenes with complex lighting (e.g. Lavalands) dips in frame rate are a given.IV.) ControlsThe game is a port from consoles and plays, as such, best on a controller. However, contrary to most games developed by Koei Tecmos Omega Force, keyboard and mouse is also an option in this game. You only have the option of one key per keyboard command, however, you can double up on the mouse and at least five mouse buttons are recognized. Intriguingly, the mouse, contrary to many other Omega Force titles, can be used for moving the camera around, which is a plus.V.) Music, Sound and VoiceThe music by composer Koichi Sugiyama is orchestral in nature and has many of the staple pieces of the series. It flows well and is nice to listen to and lends to the charm of the game.Sound effects for the most part are spot on and give a good aural feedback on what is happening in the game.The game is not fully voiced, however where it is I prefer the Japanese voice actors. English is still acceptable, though.VI.) GameplayDQH2 starts off with the selection of a male or a female character as the main character, however, the other will be playable throughout the game once character switching is learned. There is no difference between both sexes in this game. You will gain other characters from other parts of the main series DQ games throughout the story.Every character has individual skills and new ones can be learned both through leveling up the characters themselves and spending skill points or by increasing the weapon proficiency in combat.The fighting styles offered are diverse, though there are some characters/classes that are stronger than others.The combat itself feels, at least if compared to games like Bayonetta, a bit clunky. You can dodge and block attacks, however, to do so you must not be in an attack or skill animation. Which means you need not only learn enemy attack patterns, but also your own attack cool downs if you want to avoid damage. A character with healing abilities should be part of the four man group because of that, as avoiding damage can be hard when an unexpected attack from off screen does happen. Other than that the combat system is fairly easy, granting long invulnerability periods on dodges and not being timing intensive on combos.The AI of both your companions and the enemy is fairly simple and can cause bouts of violent attack as well as times of characters standing around and doing nothing. Micromanagement, at least when it comes to healing, is indicated.VII.) StoryThe story itself has few twists and starts of with an attack of Dunisian monster forces on the town of Harba, where the main characters of the story are currently visiting. It is a standard story of some great evil trying to awake and the heroes struggle to prevent that, with few memorable characters and truly emotional moments.VIII.) OnlineThis game has online multiplayer, however, it is not a true co-op experience, as players can only opt to help out others in story missions, which they themselves had already completed previously or in a seperate dungeon mode. If you were looking to play through the game in true co-op that is sadly not possible.IX.) Final VerdictIf I were to assign numbers to this game to rate it, it would be a 7/10. It might be enjoyable for both fans of Musou type games, as well as the DQ franchise, though for purist the action oriented might be too much. If you are in it for the story mode only, you will look at about 20-30 hours of gameplay. If you are an achievement hunter you might get as much as 180 hours out of this game, due to some grindy achievements.All things said, I can recommend the game, but not to everyone. If you are looking for a more RPG style oriented Musou, this might be your game, if not, wait for a sale."
76561198020934519,Not Recommended,574050,32170188,Posted: 4 June,all,leqesai,"While a definite improvement over its predecesor, Dragon Quest Heroes 2 still doesn't do much to pull in people outside the niche group of Dynasty Warriors fans.See, the thing is, Dragon Quest Heroes 2 doesn't really feel like an adventure game. It still feels like a Dynasty Warriors game (for better or worse). There are some stark difference between the two but the changes to make this feel more like an adventure/RPG feel very superficial.The Dialogue isn't very interesting and, even though I like a few of the characters, leaves me with a sense that the game is targetted at children, or something.I know that sounds like a lot of petty ranting. Dragon Quest Heroes 2 isn't a bad game by any stretch, but it isn't really that spectacular either.I say if you're able to pick it up on sale, and you're interested in Dynasty Warriors style gameplay, go for it. If you're not a fan of Dynasty Warriors and you're interested from an RPG/Adventure standpoint, or even as a fan of Dragon Quest, you might not be into this. You sure as heck won't be into it if you don't like anime-inspired dialogue, fetch-quests, and shallow stories."
76561198008994825,Recommended,574050,32739494,Posted: 24 June,all,Exire,"This is a fun game to play with good combat, character acting, and while the story is cliche it gives it the rpg atmosphere. The pictures can show you what to expect from the game spot on.  The only real annoyance to me is the writing for the main male protaganist is having him act like a mannerless fool.However on to the real problem, I cannot recommend the game right now because there are random, game-breaking crashes consistently happening that are erasing hours of effort. It can take a long time to traverse a region and you can only save at the main town. Other then that this is a pretty good game.Edit on recommendation: It seems there is a work around to the crashes by setting all the graphics to low or off. So far I have not crashed with all the settings on low and while it does not look too bad even with those settings there is a reason why I play games on a PC. I recommend this game while its discounted on the summer sale, because its a bit pricey."
,Recommended,574050,31421423,Posted: 28 April,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"The Musou gameplay can be loads of fun, but when shoehorned into an RPG format felt tired and boring, not as strategic as an actual RPG, not as much chaotic fun to be had as in actual Musou games. Omega Force and Square Enix could’ve easily just whacked out a second game with few, if any, refinements and for the most part, people would’ve been content. But instead, Dragon Quest Heroes II is actually a big improvement on the first and will give disillusioned players a reason to give this one a try.Pros+Improved over its predecessor+Great visuals and loads of on screen NPCs+Classic Dragon Quest aesthetic+A great range of characters and skills to use in combat+Substitution monster coinsCons-Combat can become tiresome-Loses pace at times, becoming a chore-Lock-on system is poorNeutral=No 4K support=WQHD resolution is too buggy at times (did not scale well)=Zoom Stone(Teleportation stone Bug) Although i do not  mind but most does--Gameplay--When you think of combat in a Warriors style game, you no doubt picture a single badass hero cutting through tens of soldiers at a time, only stopping for a glance at the occasional named NPC before continuing his conquest. In Dragon Quest Heroes, instead of a single warrior you're allowed 4 that can be swapped between at a moments notice, and instead of wading through 15-20 soldiers at a time, you're often only swinging at 5 or 6 at once, at least until the particularly hectic battles towards the end.This is because, rather than having your screen filled with mindless drones that die in a single hit, the minor enemies of DQH2 have a bit more bite for their bark. You're not likely to have a tough time with the simple monsters that get in your way, but they'll chip away when they can and some can take a bit of cutting to get through. This increase in strength carries over to the higher rank enemies as well, those who are given names and health bars.What this means is that, when battles get rough, your screen will start to fill with these generals and meatier drones, and together they can give you a pounding if you're not careful. It makes having a healer in your group a requirement. One unfortunate side effect of all this is that, on occasion, you can watch as one or more of your three companions gets wrecked because the AI wasn't smart enough to get out of the way, forcing you to waste precious heals or even one of your very limited revives on them. It also means that the difficulty can feel like it jumps up and down as the game progresses.--Combat--Combat is where Dragon Quest Heroes 2 feels pretty much like business as usual. It still plays like a brighter coloured and lighter-hearted Dynasty Warriors game with frequent tower defence elements. And the camera can still be a pain in the backside at times, especially when you’ve locked onto an opponent. Despite its repetitive nature, it remains enjoyable for those who like a bit of hacking and slashing though – its ample supply of special attacks and the ability to switch between your four active party members on the fly allowing you to mix things up. There are also two changes of note that grant you yet even more combat options.1)Monster coin system has been expanded slightly, with there now being three types of coins: saviour, sentry and substitution. Saviour coins are essentially one use and done special attacks, while sentry coins allow you to summon monsters to fight alongside you. If you ever played the original Dragon Quest Heroes and thought “I’d love to play as a huge stone golem!” though, the substitution monster coins will be your wet dream, placing you in control of a monster for a short period of time.2)In addition is the facility to change the class of the two main characters, allowing them to be proficient with a wide range of equipment and utilise alternative skills.--Original Dragon Qyest Similarities--If you've played the first DQH, then the core gameplay in DQH 2 will feel very familiar. It's effectively a Dynasty Warriors game with a few minor twists. Instead of the franchise's traditional Musou moves, you have magical spells that cost MP to use. You can use the spells as long as you have MP, so you have more crowd-clearing power than a normal Dynasty Warriors protagonist. You have a party of four and can swap between them at will, and there's even a new Tag attack mechanic that rewards you for attacking without stopping. This also means that characters build up Tension, which can be spent to enter a temporary super mode where you can perform special attacks.--Changes That Have Been Made--The biggest twist to the gameplay mechanics is that they've largely changed how the levels are laid out. In the prior game, you were playing a fancy game of tower defense. You had objects to guard and had to position monsters to slow down enemies while your squad of heroes rushed forward to smash enemy objectives. In DQH 2, the defense missions are far less focused. You'll get a wide mix of quests ranging from escorting NPCs to defeating bosses and teleport mazes. The bulk of them involve smashing enemies to pieces, but they tend to be designed more like dungeons or traditional stages rather than defense missions. If your biggest complaint about DQH was the tower defense setup, then DQH 2 fixes that in spades.My Conclusion And VerdictSomeone who enjoyed the focused tower defense gameplay of Dragon Quest Heroes would be less pleased with this iteration. Taken on its own merits, it's a fun enough game, and its flaws are relatively minor.Fans of Dragon Quest should enjoy DQH 2 regardless, and newcomers should find it just as good of a starting point as the previous title. Be prepared to be overwhelmed by the puns. 7.5/10 (if only the game have less bug from the begining)"
76561198035391503,Recommended,574050,31363317,Posted: 25 April,all,lagrie,"Huge improvement from Dragon Quest Heroes 1For the people who don't know, This is a SpinnOff title, combining the Hack 'n Slash from the Musous genre and  dragon Quest its world, characters and lore. + there are more rpg elements then the first game.I have no issues with the port, 60 fps, keyboard support + controller support.Good graphics, great gameplay, great character designs.its semi open world with free to explore zones, paying hommage to the original games.A main hub area to buy, sell or upgrade the characters.Monster Coins to use, diverse from changing into a monster, having a monsters aid to using a monsters power.there is story co-op, dungeon co-op. allot of characters to choose from.I'm actually amazed by the improvements they made.Koei Tecmo is learning, in a good way.You like Dragonquest? (for all the nods and hommages?) And like Musous style games?Hell if you like light Rpg elements and Hack and Slash you will like this.Enjoy the game !"
,Not Recommended,574050,33065244,Posted: 30 June,all,Flaknugget,"First time I ever made a refund request on Steam. The Co-op/multiplayer is extremely limited, only available for boss fights you've already completed in single-player... so that is a deal-breaker for me."
,Recommended,574050,34305938,Posted: 17 August,all,Kelanor,"Absolute gem of a game. 100% improvement over Dragon Quest Heroes 1. The first title was all intanced, based on story missions and you couldn't do anything outside of those missions. It felt like a dynasty warriors title with Dragon Quest graphics. This title is different, I feel much more immersed in the Dragon Quest universe in this title, and the open world gameplay makes you feel like you can go anywhere and do anything you want. I have put over 50 hours into this title and still have not quite hit the end of the game yet. (I like to complete all side quests.)I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the Dragon Quest series of games, and ignore the first title completely. (This one did sooooo much better.)"
,Recommended,574050,34817092,Posted: 8 September,all,PEDO BEAR LOVES YOU,"Was surprised with this. I only recently started playing Dragon Quest games and i now love the series. I was worried with this game since all these Warriors game spin offs have just been reskins and always bored me to death. I love Heroes 2 becaus it's actual game with plot, i like how there's an actual open world now not just chapters you rince and repeat it. They really captured the feel of Dragon Quest with that warriors spin on it except this time they finally did it right."
,Recommended,574050,31364822,Posted: 25 April,all,💀 Slqpe 🅱️qqk 💀,"If you are a fan of the dragon quest series and like hack & slash gameplay then i highly recommend this game. Better than dragon quest heroes 1 but not as good as the older dragon quest games (pretty obvious it wouldnt be) but is a good game none the less.The hack & slash gameplay is nice and fluid with a large amount of different magic spells and skills, there is an enormous amount of gear (weapons, shields, staffs, accessories, etc.), 4 hours in and i have barely scraped the surface of available items. The store page is kind of misleading with the Co-op, the only bit of story you can do co-op is boss battles so dont expect to play through the whole game co-op. You can also do co-op dungeons that arent related to the main story.The performance is superb for me. havent dipped below 60 frames once (i-7 4790k, r9 270x, 8gb ram, installed on a 7200rpm hdd), performance seems to very a lot for others though. The game had no problem recognizing my xbox one controller, a controller is highly recommended, the keyboard controls are atrocious (tutorials only show controller button prompts).As said before, if you are a fan of dragon quest games and like hack & slash gameplay , and are willing to gamble on performance then i highly recommend this game."
76561198027744442,Recommended,574050,31373841,Posted: 26 April,all,KuroiRyuu,"TLDR: ""Medium"" RPG elements and hack 'n slash combat make this a really fun game.This is a hack and slash reminiscent of Dynasty warriors, but it has enough RPG elements that set it apart. It also has light crafting elements (i.e. use monster drops to 'upgrade' accessories) and the grinding is quite pleseant. The class system is a lot more than I was expecting as well.As you level you are awarded points that you can put into your character that give you bonuses (+amount health, mana, strength etc.) as well as grant you skills (i.e. special moves, magic, buffs etc.) to mess around with. There are also points that you can invest into your characters that carry over from profession to profession so you get a feeling of progression even if you change classes.You also have weapons proficiencies that grant you stat buffs to your entire party which you can add and swap out when you reach a set limit as you get more of them. You can also change back to a previous profession and you keep all the points you invested into said unlocks and the level of that profession (and can respec if you want a different build). It's very fluid and fun and awards you trying out new weapons and professions.Overall, I'm enjoying this game very much and if you like 'light' (more like medium) RPG elements and hack n' slash, I would definitely recommend this game. The nostalgia from the older games is great too (they use the same sound effects for many of the monster's iconic moves and spell sounds)."
76561197990279611,Recommended,574050,31410025,Posted: 27 April,all,Cellardoor,"It's big improvement over the first Dragon Quest Heroes and almost every regard.But things have changed. It's now no longer a Dynasty Warriors Tower Defence hybrid but instead a Dynasty Warriors Action RPG hybrid. Because of this the flow of the game is much different, you'll be traveling through small open world environments to get to the story missions instead of selecting them from your hub. In the open field areas there's optional monsters, bosses, quests and exploration.Accessory melding has been overhauled and you now longer have to grind for items and hope you get a good roll in the pot. Each upgrade follows a set path within the accessory rather than been RNG based, giving you much more control over what you want from your accessories.Side quests are much better focused this time around, and don't require you to remember where the hell certain monsters appear.The quirky, slow dialog windows, quest hand in windows and area transitions have been cut right down. You no longer have to wait and listen to music as the camera slowly pans across the scenery when entering of leaving the hub. The priestess no longer asks you a thousand questions every time you want to save the game or quit. And loading times are vastly improved.Mana regen is hit based rather than crit based this time around and the combat has been balanced around the now steady ability to regen without you having to load up on the best crit items in the game.Monster summoning returns though they play a little differently. Since there's no longer any tower defence only the smaller sentry monster remain as they were in the first game, but some have been given new reasons to use them than just the added DPS. Like debuffing enemies they strike. The one use monsters are also back, and they work as they did before. They'll cast a buff or throw out some aoe damage then depart. The biggest change is with the old bigger sentries from the first game. This time around when you summon them you actually become them for a short period of time and can battle using their attacks.Overall it's a very different game than the first. It's still a Dynasty Warriors spin off at heart, just in a direction they've not gone before."
,Recommended,574050,34955053,Posted: 14 September,all,Air Raider,"After playing the first game and enjoying it I decided to scoot on over to this game when I came across it on sale. I paid roughly about 30 dollars and jumped on in. First of all I have to say the game runs very smooth on my gaming labtop which surprised me. The characters are new and fresh also the story exists. The combat is fun more fun than I would say DQH1. Now the reason I say this is because of a few things.You can now explore the lands a bit between the big missions which you are stuck in once you accept.You can call in a buddy or random person once you start a story mission.If you jump into someone elses game or they jump into yours you can select any of the past characters from DQH1.You can only select those characters when you are helping someone online or doing an online mission with them.My favorite part personally is now you can transform into the bigger summons. This is one of the best parts of the game that was added that is just a delight. I love becoming the stone golem and smashing big bosses down town. If you do play online as a helper though you can not summon or transform only help with your one character which kinda is lame. You also lose your summon coins if you go to a new part of the story ect which is alright I understand as if you were hording the mega summon coins it would be a cake walk of a game.Now that I got some of the new cool features out of the game I need to talk about the delightful music. Its honestly great and makes the game keep going. Its colorful and does DQ justice in 3D, sometimes the characters 3D model looks better than their 2D art.  The voice acting is actually pretty good and you can choose between Japanese / English.You can choose your class for your main character and level it up!Now the bad parts of this game.Some of the story missions are pretty dumb, like a 5 year old came up with the idea or something when it comes to some of the missions. The choices that are made you have no real options you just have to follow the story pretty much. If you are doing a story mission and some are really long and you die you have to restart from the very start of that story mission, mind you keep all your EXP so its not a total loss. Sometimes its worth it to lose just to grind a section for that EXP.Overall this game is an upgrade in my eyes from the last game and I recommend it."
76561198133148600,Recommended,574050,31361663,Posted: 25 April,all,Ol' wizard dank kush the 420th,"It's a great game for people who enjoy hack and slash and dynasty warrior, it has more content than DQ heroes 1 and a semi open world system. i really don't think it's a bad game, it has multiplayer, a good variety of weapon/armor and even a class system (i'm not sure, this is what i heard but i'm not there yet)i think people who actually dislike the game probably is because they are not used with the dragon quest world, because someone who love dynasty warrior will surely love this game."
,Recommended,574050,34429335,Posted: 22 August,all,Shineek,"Probably one of the best spin off of KOEI TECMO's Dynasty Warriors series, with a little bit more of RPG elements, its still far from the best spin off which was Dynasty Warriors Gundam 2, but ive spend over 70 hours on this game and i plan to spend more. The gameplay is really fun, the world looks amazing and the story is really well written. Its well worth it price, and highly recommended to fans of both Dynasty Warriors and Dragon Quest series alike."
76561198003222875,Recommended,574050,31604118,Posted: 7 May,all,Bynokie,"Got about 40-45 hours into this game now and I still haven't finished the game storywise. I've found so much to do and explore, not even the grinding for levels when you change class or the farming for some materials bothered me at all. I'll admit I love the Dragon Quest games, every single one of them so I may be a little biased. However, I also believe that I have a decent grasp on what makes a game good and bad. Also one problem I see a lot of people having is crashes or glitches in the game. I've encountered very few glitches and only crashed once and Im pretty sure it was because of other programs I was running at the time. Since that one time in my hours spend playing, I haven't had another crash.Pros-----*Great visuals, definately reminds me of the box art and game visuals from all of the previous Dragon Quest games. The environments are not empty and are filled with random objects and monsters as expected from a game where you mow through groups of enemies on a large map.*The difficulty of the game is completely dependant on you and your ability to read a enemy, this goes doubly when you enter a new area and the monsters are harder. Even more so when you encounter the more difficult monsters in an area or the rare monsters who you have to actively initiate a arena style battle with.*Simple yet deep combat. There are very few buttons needed to win a fight, most can be won mashing your attack button or using a single spell. This works against masses of easier enemies and the mid range enemies that come in smaller groups. However where the combat really shines is when you fight against the bigger baddies. You have three options when it comes to actively defending yourself. Dodge, Block, or Move (run/jump) out of the way. You have to use your skills and spells effectively against some enemies  in order to win and button mashing will only get you thwacked soundly. Some enemies have elemental weaknesses, rather obvious ones, but adds that layer of strategy to the mix, as they often retaliate after getting stunned by them.*The voice acting is about what I'd expect from each of the characters a little stilted at times, but no one is perfect. The voices fit well, and I never felt like they never meshed well. I also loved the music as they brought back a lot of the iconic sounds and themes, jingles, and the like. Even some new ones which are nice and I felt like they belonged.Cons-----*As was stated, in new areas monsters suddenly get harder as your progress, they do not scale with you at all. Which is fine once your past that area and need to grind out a new class, or farm for materials, but when you are suddenly overwhelmed by even the most basic monsters the first time you enter the new area. It means that the area wasn't scaled correctly for the level and abilities of the characters that will be entering the area. It shouldn't take you 15-20 hits to take down the weakest enemy in the new area when they come in a group of 10-15 along with various other monsters next to them joining in on the fun that is beating you senseless. And the more difficult enemies? Not happening unless you are really good at dodging and blocking and using a lot of heals constantly. It doesn't feel fun when that happens and your forced to go grind a handful of levels before getting to the point where the enemies can be dispatched with relative easy, or at least to the point where you are not getting overwhelmed constantly.*I love the characters they brought into this world, Some ones we've seen before from Heroes I, and a decent roster of new ones. While I can see why they did that they did with the character choices because of duplicate skill sets or similar play styles to other characters, I still think that having 5 from the same game is a few to many. A little more variety would have been nice.*The tutorial was a bit short, and never explained how holding down a skill button can charge it to a new level in some cases. (IE: elemental spells, Zap, Zapple, Kazap hold it until it goes to the next spell as it charges.) Maybe it was mentioned, but I don't remember it at all, if I hadn't played the first game I wouldn't have known about it here.*This is just a small gripe, but the minimap is way to zoomed in, it needs at least 1 more zoom level. Because you either see the entire map, or a very localized area, Something maybe 25% more zoomed out, would have been great. I sometimes found myself lost because the minimap was too zoomed in for me to get my bearings as the minimap often doesn't have any distinguishing features such as location pointers or markers. Which is fine, but you need a larger minimap for navigation, I often found myself with the entire map open while roaming while squinting at the tiny arrow that is you trying to figure out which way I was pointing and where I needed to go.*Class variety is a bit lacking in this game, you start with warrior, martial artist, mage, priest, and thief. (and two hidden ones) Many of which share weapon types and therefore at least 2 skills with each other, making the class not as unique as it could be. The Dragon Quest franchise has oodles of classes to incorperate into any game they make and they could have diversified a bit and given each class a bit more reason to be played beyond getting the stat boosts for all classes. Also it would make multiplayer a bit more interesting as at the moment you basically see everyone with the same 2-3 classes, with the occasional pc controlled npc.*On the topic of multiplayer, it works quite well all things considered, but it sorely lacking in the area of any social options, you get a hot bar filled with premade messages, but in the heat of things you cant really get a message off, nor do you usually need to. Also there is no option to try to friend anyone you meet, at least not that I can find.Conclusion-----A very good game, not great, but good. It scratches the itch that I have for Dragon Quest and it's world, as I had just finished Dragon Quest 6-8 on the 3DS and can't wait for the next main installment in the main series. It has it's problems as all games do, but not any that in my opinion were game breaking, or soul crushingly terrible that I would have to stop playing over. The story is decently, the characters are fun, the world beautiful, and the combat satisfying. And to top it all off, its Dragon Quest. A bit more involved that Hyrule Warriors and Dynasty Warriors and an overall fun romp through the world of the Seven Realms."
76561197993750304,Recommended,574050,31633317,Posted: 8 May,all,Devenir,"Before you decide to buy DQH2, lets address why there are so many negative reviews. I've read most of the negative reviews here and they have two recurring themes: either people are constantly crashing or the Multiplayer is not what they expected. First of all, I have not crashed yet in 8 (now 60) hours of playing. Not to say that their experience is irrelevant but crashes are extremely hard to pinpoint especially for PC players. Moreoever, there are what like 30-40 negative reviews complaining about crashes out of the 14,000 owners of this game (according to steamdb). That's .2 percent of the community.Secondly, the Multiplayer. I haven't tried yet nor have I really cared to Multiplayer as soon as I loaded the game. Believe me, seeing multiplayer was a BIG reason why I bought the game but funny enough when I started to play I didn't care too much. The game is so capitivating and fun to play alone that I decided to wait until end game before I do multiplayer. Yes, treat this like a MMORPG where early-mid game you should be leveling alone and figuring out how to play. Unfortunately what some of the reviewers say is true. DQH2 is NOT ""true"" multiplayer where you can explore the -whole- world together. Only story INSTANCES and DUNGEONS. So basically, DQH2 follows a REAL MMORPG type MP experience where you don't really aim to group for early content.Finally, the last thing that caught my eye in the negative reviews was the question of customization. Even though only one person commented on it I felt the need to address this as I disagree, not strongly, but I do disagree. It becomes apparent that there is a lot of things to customize: you can adjust your stats and abilities through leveling, different weapons give different main abilities, you can upgrade accessories to provide extra benefits, and you can also swap between different classes.Although I wish the game cost less than 60 USD it has been AN EXTREMELY LONG TIME since I wanted to lose sleep over a game so I would definitely tell my past self to buy this. If you are looking to just run around kill stuff, customize when you're not, and MP mainly when you hit end game, then this is the game for you."
76561198034300019,Not Recommended,574050,31367636,Posted: 25 April,all,Admiral Wolverine Lightningbolt,"If you bought this game for the hopes of co-op then this is not the game for you. Two players can not experience new content together, one must have already done the content to help others do it which entirely defeats the purpose of friends playing together in my case. The game itself is polished well enough but the multiplayer alone has ruined my intention for playing the game and thus any hope for enjoying it."
76561197977132362,Recommended,574050,34492140,Posted: 25 August,all,Kazumaru,This is everything I wanted and more from this game.  Lots of story and way more RPG elements than I expected.
,Recommended,574050,31368244,Posted: 25 April,all,$ W A G G O T,"This game is absolutely fantastic. 10/10People are upset you can't play co-op in the story missions, this is true. The multiplayer consists of a dungeon ""map"" system in which you select a map and can play with up to three other people. Ther are tons of enemies in these dungeons and it really captures the essence of the ""Dynasty Warriors"" style of gameplay.If you enjoy plowing through hordes of trash mobs and taking on massive bosses this is the game for you."
76561198057164510,Recommended,574050,32778949,Posted: 25 June,all,Banana Frank,"I'm not sure what everyone means by this game is a bad port and not optimized. I have a GTX 970 and a i5 4590. Runs smooth on max settings/ 60 fps. If youre a DQ fan, you'll love this game as it's basically an open world version of the series we love. Not sure if you'll like it, if you just like hack n slash games...but it definitely has that element.Bosses are decently challenging(sometimes even feel unfair, lol), exactly what you'd expect from a DQ game. I havent played on a keyboard yet, because I can't imagine playing this type of game on it. Controller is perfect.  You get to use characters from previous DQ games, which is awesome. Gabo(When was he named Gabo?) is a personal favorite of mine. Class system of course and many other features that make the game feel fresh and rewarding.The only negatives I have so far is fire isnt just fire, ice isnt just ice etc. Basically the name of the moves and what they do are separate with each one. So let's say you use frizz, which is a fire move, the fire breath move has different properties to it and cant clear the same, which is weird but whatever. Small problem."
,Recommended,574050,33586452,Posted: 16 July,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Cartoon style Dynasty Warriors. Some of the voice acting is awful, but you know what, in the case it adds to the charm. The game is just stupid fun.Not many games are like that nowadays. this is a nice breath of fresh air. For me anyway. Worth a shot if you are thinking about it.i'd never played any of the other ones either. Sure, at some points you'll think ""Who are they"" But your character doesn't know who they are either so it still works."
76561198071266523,Recommended,574050,32572157,Posted: 19 June,all,ElusiveFox,"I picked this game up not having any clue what it was - other than a hack and slash. I normally am not a big fan of this genre, other than games like Diablo; however, I've found this to be quite enjoyable! I have been looking for a game that I can just mindlessly play while listening to podcasts and the likes, without fear of missing out on some great story, and this game scratches that itch beautifully. The story is not that deep, and the gameplay is very simple, which I would normally shoot the game down for. But since I was not looking for some crazy deep RPG, those attriubutes are not a problem. I will say, I am currently stuck on a puzzle-ish part of the game, and my interest has dwindled greatly. I do not really plan on trying to return to this game to beat it, but the hours I spent with it was well worth the money I payed.TL;DR - looking for a game to mindlessly play while mulitasking? Pick it up!looking for a deep, story-rich JRPG/RPG? I'd say move along.(The soundtrack is pretty good too, btw)"
,Recommended,574050,33147399,Posted: 2 July,all,Domaik,I find no problems with the port. The game is highly entertaining and the action is good. The difficuly could be a bt higher but it's not too easy. I am neither a fan of Dragon Quest nor Dinasty Warriors but this game is extremely fun.
,Recommended,574050,31534916,Posted: 3 May,all,Lyes,"Who am I and why should you listen to me?My name is Lyes and I've played dragon quest ever since I could play video games. Dragon warrior monsters was the first game I ever played. And I've played every dragon quest games since.This game:If you played Dragon quest heroes 1, it has a similar style. Hack and slash with some roaming in between maps. The graphics are great and a throwback for those who played the older games. I think this game is definetely worth the 60 dollars. If you enjoy a game that will pretty much guarantee a colourful array of characters and monsters. This is the game for you."
76561198000135105,Recommended,574050,31492569,Posted: 1 May,all,Sniper Bear,"Compared to the first, ths is better in many ways.you have acual maps you can run around in when not on missions.your Main characters are not stuck using the same weapons.you not always stuck defending a point from waves of monsters that sometimes can easily overwelm you and your party.there is a co-op, although its limited to story missions and magic maps(cant roam the wildlands in Co-op, but the Magic maps seem fairly decent in length)but there are some negitves to the game as well;there are a lot of Framerate issues currently(there are some fixes but they dont always work for everyone).the combat system can be very repetitive.there is no Exit game from the ingame menu, you can only exit game from the priestess in the hub town.some Cutscenes have English voice Desync so it can be quite annoying watching them sometimes.Overall, i do think this is a very good game. the game needs some patches to fix the FR issues, but other then that i enjoy it."
76561198031280773,Recommended,574050,32940267,Posted: 28 June,all,fendriken9,"Improved on the things I disliked about DQH1, and kept the things I liked! Great sequel!"
76561198035578887,Recommended,574050,34986283,Posted: 15 September,all,Big Daddy,Good Game. One of the best 'dynasty warriors' type game out there because instead of making it just another bland hack and slash with a well known ip attatched to it. They've actually tried creating an actual game with a form of depth and story to it. Game runs well and looks great. 10/10 would recommend if u like hack and slash genre type games and want to see what an above average one looks like.
76561198160868511,Recommended,574050,35148076,Posted: 23 September,all,Strayed Lynx,"An awesome open world hack'n slash game with great graphics,online multyplayer and it runs very smoothly."
,Recommended,574050,32802818,Posted: 25 June,all,nimblebanana,"I love this game, it's totally legit.  I think it definitely feels like a true RPG, it's just the battle system is Warriors-ish.  But it's got character leveling, skill buying, proficiency grinding, hunting for items, crafting, and so on.  I think it's awesome.  If I would call the game out on a couple of things it's the AI of both your party members and the enemies.More specifically, the boss monsters seems to automatically target whomever the player is controlling the majority of the time.  It's kind of frustrating when you're trying to play a long range class or a support character.  There isn't any sort of aggro or hate system and, yeah, that blows.  Best to just stick with a class you can stay up close with and/or be very good at dodging.Regarding your NPC party members, I've caught them snoozing on the job while you're fighting monsters.  They just stand around doing jack squat and, sometimes, the healers in the party don't heal you when you need it.  You have to get used to switching to the healer and healing the party yourself for some of the harder battles.Besides those gripes, which can be major for some, I think the game is great.  Definitely worth the price I paid.  I've finished the main story and there's a ton of content still left to play.  I'll probably be at this for a while."
76561198044676668,Recommended,574050,31363639,Posted: 25 April,all,ReonEXiON,"I'd just like you to know that i'm new to the Dragon Quest Heroes franchise but i do have some experience with Dragon Quest, so i'll give you a review from my perspective.First off, i'd just like to say that the controls were confusing at first, because the game will just tell you to press the buttons displayed on the screen, which is obviously meant for a controller, this is a PC game ♥♥♥♥ing darnit, but can be excused because the menu button is ""Esc"" and not ""Start"" like almost any other game, you can then go to settings and look at the keyboard settings if you ever get confused about controls, sorry if this part was long, but i'm sure it will confuse anyone.Randomly when you attack by spamming left and right click, it will start auto attacking, which i don't know is a mechanic, but it's really annoying, you can fix it by spamming left and right click AGAIN, i hope there is a fix for it if it is non intentional because alot of players including me tend to spam click instead of hold.The beginning of the game is mostly cutscenes, like 50-60% of it, can't say for the rest of the game, but it's annoying, out of the 1.2 hours i have put into this game as of this review, 35 minutes of it has gone into cutscenes and about 10 min googling on internet on why the hell the attacks seem to auto attack sometimes uncontrollably.The camera seems to try and refuse you from turning with your mouse slightly when you're moving which makes the camera auto turn, which makes me wanna shove my mouse up this game's a##hole, enough on that topic.The combat is alright, skill animations look alright aswell with ultimates, definetly eye candy.About 7/10 from me, i wouldn't recommend it though if you're not into games like Dynasty Warrior, this is basically like a kid's version of it with monsters and stuff.I refunded now, just because i don't feel like it's worth what it costs atm, i only recommend if it's on sale."
,Recommended,574050,34987721,Posted: 15 September,all,Patwag,"Very fun and engaging compared to most dynasty warrior like games and can even be a little challenging, only con is that fps is linked to game speed, so watch out for that"
76561198122650478,Recommended,574050,33775886,Posted: 24 July,all,crowfeathers7,amd gaming laptop this game runs well is fun to play but theres no one online if you get it add me ill quest with yai
76561198071419613,Recommended,574050,35060322,Posted: 19 September,all,Sparky mark phillips,don't write reviews after rage quitting games.
76561198075615109,Not Recommended,574050,31707992,Posted: 12 May,all,Super Kami Guru,"This is a really hard game to reccomend. While I have had a lot of fun with it, I just have far too many gripes with the AI. Your companions are practically useless. Half the time they won't be aggroed on anything and the other half of the time they'll be aggroed on enemies you don't care about. Healers won't bother to restore your hp until you're right on the verge of death, and often times that won't even matter considering the majority of my deaths have been from one-shot attacks received while staggered.  If you want to play as a support or a ranged dps, I hope you like dodging, because enemies seem to auto aggro the player even if there is a warrior hacking away at them. Every common sense tactic that other RPGs have taught me, this game seems to throw out the window in favor of a purely hack and slash damage fest."
,Recommended,574050,31391145,Posted: 27 April,all,Svartsjö,"despite the mixed reactions to Dragon Quest Heroes I - I loved it a lot. This game improves on the first installment in almost every way. There is a lot more to do here, and the game leans much harder to RPG than the first one did, by offering us more of an open world (read: grinding options).the 60fps lock is always going to be an issue with musuo games, so people who complain about it simply don't know what they're getting into.these games aren't perfect. but they are well done, for what they are. out of all the musou franchise offshoots, the dragon quest ones are by far my favourite.the thing is, if you don't enjoy these types of games, you wont enjoy this one. if you love dynasty warriors, warriors orochi, ninja warriors, hyrule warriors, and dragon quest heroes, etc etc etc... then you WILL love this game. If you want to get into this genre, then I think the dragon quest ones are the best place to start.Most negative reviews are about the limited multiplayer. Listen, NOBODY BUYS A MUSOU GAME ""purely for co-op"". The single player experience is a solid one and the multiplayer is a bonus. Like damn, do you throw away the entire sundae if the cherry on top wasnt tasty?My only gripe with this game is the same as the first: it's ridiculously easy most of the time, but there are random spikes of higher difficulty to knock you off your pedestal. a smoother curve would be preferablebut hey, it's a solid musou game. you're here to beat the crap out of hordes of enemies with combo chains and super moves. this game has that in spades"
76561198046480019,Recommended,574050,31716651,Posted: 12 May,all,Brainz,"There are plenty of people downvoting all positive reviews but if you are considering buying the game, take the opinions of those who have lots of hours in the game rather then the 45 min-2 hour  refund masters.If you intend to buy this game it runs perfectly on my computer without any issue and it is a very fun and addictive game.despite its 60 dollar price tag, you will like it.I am almost 30 hours in and i am around 28% completion, just goes to show how much there is to do in the game.For the people who have no intention of buying the game, go ahead downvote me. :)"
,Recommended,574050,35089388,Posted: 20 September,all,Captain Daddy ✅,"Fantastic spinoff of the Dynasty Warrior games, one of the best I've seen! I'm fairly new to the Dragon Quest games but this is a gem! If you like the Warriors series, and Dragon Quest this game will give you tons of enjoyment!"
76561198046021208,Recommended,574050,33780063,Posted: 24 July,all,Oiprac,"Runs well on Windows 10, Ryzen 5 1600x, B350 mobo, 16GB 3200Mhz, GTX 1080, max settings. Won't try going anything above 1080p as it seems like it won't scale very well.Downside is it's max FPS is 60, and no extra PC options that make it look any better than the PS4 version (which I've played).Gameplay wise, it's very slightly deeper than a typical Dynasty or Samurai warrior game, which does make it a little bit more fun to play. Level design a more varied (think Hyrule Warriors).Overall probably the best Musou game I've played thus far. Wish multiplayer was more the typical Dynasty/Samurai Warrior where it's Co-op campaign."
76561198028009060,Recommended,574050,31532687,Posted: 3 May,all,Kris,"Speaks to its old school fans with more RPG elements then DQH1.  Class change, Dark World (just as large as the first world), and NG+ mode will keep you busy."
,Recommended,574050,34360088,Posted: 19 August,all,AerialComb,"Anyone thats says this game is easy is out of his mind. The combat might be simple but some of the boss fight are increible hard that require a very specific strategy to kill. Otherwise this game is just awesome you have plenty of customization, sidequest, weapons, accesories to collect. The main storyline does not require a lot of grinding which is good.It has a ton of replayability but I can see a lot of people not having the patience to collect everythin in the game that requires serious grinding; which combine with the simple gameplay can get pretty boring.Some of the classes can use some balancing but i guess that does not happen in this kind of games.Otherwise the game is ppretty awesome if you are looking for a fast pace ARPG,  specially once you past the first half of the game."
,Recommended,574050,31376959,Posted: 26 April,all,Miporin,"DRAGON QUEST HEROES™ II is fun to play, though, it is not without its flaws. Here is my opinion from my first 2 hours.+ The combat while simple as you can expected from any MUSOU title, it is a good simple. If you are a fan of MUSOUs, you will feel right at home. If not, but thinking of getting this for combat gameplay, then this should be a skip for you, though if you want to try, please do since you should feel it within 2 hours time.- The story ... while I have to admit that the lore behind it is very interesting, the progression of it, so far, can't seem to keep me here. It is weird that the plot up to the point I stopped should be very intersting for my taste, however, how it arrived at this point doesn't make me feel good about it, maybe because this is MUSOU game, so the whole thing is rush/brief/skip, not the RPG where you take times to build the story up. If you expected a good RPG with interesting story, find others.+/- The COOP is a gimmick, which make it feels more like the after thought to put into the game, but imho, it is a good thing that they put it there instead of leaving it out, though I wish that they would put more into it. COOP in the content that has been designed for single player won't be alive for long.other than above points, I don't feel that I have played enough to comment on them, so I just put what it hits me most in these 2 hours up there. For now, I am refunding this as I feel that the full price isn't worth it for soloing. I will pick it up again when it is cheaper."
76561198053434273,Recommended,574050,31362850,Posted: 25 April,all,Rhyz,"2 Hours in and loving every minute. Game is amazing and being able to party up with players worldwide and tackle dungeons is an added bonus.No complaints here, buy this game if you haven't already!"
,Recommended,574050,31429528,Posted: 28 April,all,Dagger,"I have enjoyed my time with the game so far. The spells, music and everything is classic DQ as you would expect which is great. Vocations (Classes), weapons, Skill point leveling system, everything I would expect from a DQ game. Combat is fluid and fast (but not to fast).My main issue with the game is the console port so think menus and such. I didn't have a gamepad that worked by default with steam games and attmepting to play mouse+keyboard proves nearly impossible as ingame it would tell me to hit RB, X, RT, etc buttons and not inform me what the keyboard equivalents are, I eventually got my controller sorted out and it's working great.Coming from the turn based style of DQ I find all the elements of the game are still here including debuffs and buffs but I do find it a bit overwhelming trying to maximize damage and perform everything perfectly in real time. Fortunatly the game hasn't required anything near perfection of these systems so far in my playthrough but I could see some of the later dungeons difficulty rising and can also see how Coop in the end game interdimensional levels will be a great help.Overall it seems the game can be enjoyed with mostly button mashing but has a deep enough combat system that you can really dig into and gain a high skill cap. I have played with Coop a little but it's a little cumbersome for storymode, should be great for endgame content."
76561197988319173,Recommended,574050,35086348,Posted: 20 September,all,sovietxrobot,"I'm not a big fan of JRPG's, but Dragon Warrior was my first RPG ever (I got it with my Nintendo Power subscription). I was feeling nostalgic and decided to give it a whirl. The game is action-oriented, with some light RPG elements (stats and classes). Its often compared to Dynasty Warriors, which I have never played- basically you run around a semi-open world and destroy mobs upon mobs of enemies. Combat is fun, kinetic, and anime-style over the top.The game is packed with collectibles, crafting, and achievements. I quite like this feature, because there is a lot of grinding to be done, but you never feel like you're just mowing down enemies to get a few levels. You're always progressing towards some goal or reward. Its actually what I like most about this game- it never wastes your time. Even if you lose a battle, you keep all of your earned XP and gold, so while there is grinding, you don't have to repeat it even in the event of a mistake.The world is fun to explore and theres some light Metroid elements (need certain characters to unlock areas). Theres a large cast of characters to choose from, and they all feel reasonably unique.I didn't pay too much attention to the story, the slow pacing and extraneous dialogue is something I don't really like about anime/JRPGs in general, but thats just personal preference. Even skipping it, the game is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,574050,31617155,Posted: 7 May,all,setuben,I'm reading people having issues with the game to my own surprise - I've yet to experience any crashing or any issues for that matter at all. Running smooth at all times on a GPU borderline dated (GTX 760ti 2gb) The story is definitely a big improvement from the first installment and the RPG elements in the game flawlessly integrated with the Dynasty Warriors  combat system. Lots of stuff to do for the main game and equally as much to discover afterwards with end game content.
76561197996563848,Recommended,574050,31377169,Posted: 26 April,all,Asher Avery,Praise the sun!
,Recommended,574050,33774009,Posted: 24 July,all,timothybridge,I love this game! 51/2 hours already! I absolutely love the graphics and it is overall just a fun game - I wish they had more costume options for the characters that would be awesome. But overall a really cool game!.
,Recommended,574050,33189531,Posted: 3 July,all,Almog,"This game was really fun, I liked the combination of Dynstay Warriors gameplay and the JRPG elements of Dragon Quest.It took me 30 hours to finish the story and I didnt not have to grind at all,I only did all the side quest along the way and I was fine,if you want to just experience the story u wont need to grind.Even tho the game isnt grindy to finish the story,if u want to get all the achivements u will have to grind a lot and its a bummer if u are not into this kind of thing but I didnt mind it and I hope to 100% the game at some point.Sadly the story was pretty shallow and weak but it kept things going and it served its puropse.Now that was my thoughts on the game,the game has denuvo in it,so if u have a problem with that program ,keep in mind its integrated into the game,I personally had 0 issues but my internet connection is stable and fast so take it with a grain of salt.My system specs are i5 6400 16gb ram r9 270x and the game ran alright most of the times,it was usually at 60 fps ,esipcally when exploring but when there are a lot of monsters on the screen and all the 4 characters in the party fight with their ability the fps can go down to around 40-50 range,and sometimes even lower but that was rare.I hope this review helped u with your decision to either buy or not buy this game."
,Recommended,574050,31756701,Posted: 14 May,all,Astinosis,"This game is infuriating and amazing all at the same time.  It feels much harder than the first, but also the gameplay is improved.  I haven't dabbled much in the multiplayer just yet but that was quite the challenge with just two of us and no healer.  Loving every bit of it."
76561197969816232,Recommended,574050,34037038,Posted: 5 August,all,Batman Ray,Dynasty warriors mix with Dragonquest. Nuff said
76561198354878323,Recommended,574050,34954981,Posted: 14 September,all,OGA,GOOD GAME999/999
,Recommended,574050,31566837,Posted: 5 May,all,nitesloth,"Amazing! I wish the weapons were a little more fleshed out, but I understand they are a little less intricate than other warriors games due to all the skills the individual characters get. In that respect it would have been nice for the main characters to have access to all weapons. Overall I am wowed by the quality and I really appreciate Koei's support of PC ports!"
,Recommended,574050,35143016,Posted: 22 September,all,DEADPOOLKILLSMARVEL,I LOVE THIS GAME ITS IS VERY FUN IF YOU LOVE THE SERIES AND OF YOU HACK AND SLASH GAME BUT BEWARE THERE IS ONE PROBLEM IN THIS GAME WHEN YOU GET IN BATTLE YOU WILL BE I. SLOW MOTION SOMETIMES THE DEVELOPERS NEED TO FIX THAT BUT OVERALL ITS A FUN GAME
76561198024861534,Recommended,574050,31365926,Posted: 25 April,all,Napsa,"Running pretty well on a GTX 1070 with all settings max at 1440p. There are some short comings so far like not being able to downsample, no arbitrary resolutions and weirdly no AA options at all so prepare for jaggies... The framerate is also stuck at 54-57 no matter what settings or resolution I tried. Really fun game so far though, cool action RPG gameplay with Dragon Quest trappings. Recommended!"
76561198006656584,Recommended,574050,31367175,Posted: 25 April,all,Wrathalos,"If you've been unimpressed with musou games in the past, this might be worth giving a try. I would say I'm not a fan of the musou genre in general, but Dragon Quest Heroes is the exception. While it is a hack and slash, Dragon Quest Heroes isn't your typical musou game. It's a little hard to describe why I get bored of most other entries in the genre, but this one holds my attention so well. I think the on screen enemy variety and the moster medal system keep things more interesting.Overall, it feels like a real improvement over the orginal game in every way. A much better port this time, I have no problems with full screening, and the settings options have been greatly enhanced."
,Recommended,574050,31632290,Posted: 8 May,all,⎛⎝Asuna kun⎠⎞,"First i have to say, never had any Crashes or stuff like that because so many complain about that. (GTX1060 3GB)Now lets start, the game world overall looks really amazing and colorful. Also the Japanese Sound is good as allways but the English sounds are not that great if you ask me. The Combat feels really smoth and fast, as a result it makes a lot more fun then some other hack and slay games. The art style from Dragon Querst for the Monsters is legendary and the Combat of the Boss Monsters is often not that bad. Also the Multiplayer Funktion is pretty cool but sad that you cant really write with them instead you got some funny little words you can let apper for the others.Overall the game is really not bad makes a lot of fun and looks like that it brings late game content to play that game a lot more Hours."
,Recommended,574050,34388915,Posted: 20 August,all,HOLYONE,the sequel to the first one is just as colorful and fun to play with that dragon quest atomspeare i love.
76561197994359510,Recommended,574050,31365600,Posted: 25 April,all,Ste@myWolfjob,"Great game. I have had no issues running it on a 5 year old gaming rig. The large scale battles are fun, I was pleasantly suprised that it wasnt all just ""go kill that swarm, then the next one"". Early on you have to escort a king and you have to get to priority targets along the way, get rid of dangers for him, and balance when to do so because there are constantly enemies coming for him, so you can just run ahead and leave him. Pretty fun and not annoying like I usually find escort missions. Game looks great, classes are fun to play, and the voice acting is good. Enjoy the game very much. You can ignore the haters who only get on to leave a bad review because they had a technical problem within the first hour they didnt understand how to fix, are running on an ancient system, or just hate on the game because of Denuvo. No issues here, and I've been on it for 6 hours already. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,574050,34970793,Posted: 15 September,all,Clown Flossin Bosston,"Absolute gem of a game. 100% improvement over Dragon Quest Heroes 1. The first title was all intanced, based on story missions and you couldn't do anything outside of those missions. It felt like a dynasty warriors title with Dragon Quest graphics. This title is different, I feel much more immersed in the Dragon Quest universe in this title, and the open world gameplay makes you feel like you can go anywhere and do anything you want. I have put over 50 hours into this title and still have not quite hit the end of the game yet. (I like to complete all side quests.)I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the Dragon Quest series of games, and ignore the first title completely. (This one did sooooo much better.) Totally recommend this game! TOTALLY Worth the 30!"
,Recommended,574050,33914854,Posted: 30 July,all,RadeeVon,Everything is good and fine except the control port is disaster O_O
,Recommended,574050,31369462,Posted: 25 April,all,JmannDX,"This game rocks. I'm a huge Dragon Quest fan, so getting a crossover hack-n-slash musou game made my knees weak. And while I liked the first Heroes game, I felt something was lacking.Turns out, that thing it was lacking was open world exploration. Rather than going through menus to go from battle to Battle, you travel the countryside like a proper DQ game.Multiplayer is decent. You and 3 other people can conquer dungeons and stuff, but you can't tackle story missions unless one of you has already completed it.As far as the port goes, it's one of Omega Force's best to date. You actually get graphics options and full 60fps support. The keyboard controls are awful, but only dum dums play musou games with a keyboard. So a gamepad is absolutely necessary.On my rig, it's maxed out and never drops below 60 fps.I7 4790k16GB RAMGTX 1060 6GBDumb old 7200 RPM HDD.But it gets negative points for calling Gabo ""Ruff"". DRAGON WARRIOR VII FOR LYFE."
,Recommended,574050,33122858,Posted: 2 July,all,NOOTNOOT,10/10
,Recommended,574050,31389705,Posted: 27 April,all,FoulOne,"Taking everything that was good about the first game and expanding upon it greatly.-Multiple classes to play for the main characters.-More to explore discover outside of the battlefields.-Improved shop interfaces and alchemy pot mechanicsAll in all, just a few hours of gameplay in and I'm already enjoying a lot of the little things that are showing up, and can forsee throwing a lot more hours into this.  This just feels more ""Dragon Quest"" than the first DQH was."
,Recommended,574050,31381637,Posted: 26 April,all,DespicableV,"As a person who has never played DQH before i must say i really like the gameplay, and the story so far :)If you like hack and slash games i can only recorment it :)"
76561198013533210,Recommended,574050,33313519,Posted: 6 July,all,Senders,"Fun game, lots of pretty colours, voice acting is alright, relaxing; but holy crap the story is cringyer than a thirteen year old making mum jokes."
,Recommended,574050,31512732,Posted: 2 May,all,Wilcalaf,"Very fun game.im having a blast so far...only bad thing is Multiplayer, can be really hard to find groupsi think they have to change the Queue to allow multiple maps maybe it will work betteranywaygood game, really fun"
76561198044421243,Recommended,574050,31366381,Posted: 25 April,all,PhoenixWing,Great musou game with tons of customizations and RPG elements.Most of the negative reviews are because of the technical issues. If you filter out those reviews I think this game would be >80% positive.
76561197966486386,Recommended,574050,31636083,Posted: 8 May,all,Mongolian Chop Squad,Good Hack n slash game Love the art style great characters
76561198050927969,Recommended,574050,31448770,Posted: 29 April,all,Task73,Have not played any Dragon Warrior games since the first one on NES. I do like Dynasty warriors though and this game is a cool mix of both. I was hesitant at the price but really loving it so far. Even the Coop dungeons are pretty cool to see how the others are playing.Dont wait buy it and thank me later. Lot of fun.
76561198180507942,Recommended,574050,31404003,Posted: 27 April,all,Mr.Kibbles,"WOW! I have never played any of the DRAGON QUEST games but this...is...amazing! I love hack and slash and i usually dont get into the Anime genre. This game has a special beauty to it. it's charming, fun loving and also gets intense. Story is easy to follow and its very easy to control and understand each charater, also its goofy at times :D This is a MUST BUY. i stopped playing 4 hrs into it too write this review.  AMAZING HACK AND SLASH ADVENTURE.THANKS! BUY IT!!!!!I'm going back to monster slaying now."
76561198026300563,Recommended,574050,31406842,Posted: 27 April,all,haxx00,"Fun game that is made even better if you are familiar with other Dragon Quest games.  Am I disappointed about multiplayer?  Sure, but that doesn't make this a bad game.  Pretty much all of your standard Dragon Quest goodness in a 3D hack and slash semi open world."
76561198043410108,Recommended,574050,32341140,Posted: 11 June,all,JeweledLotus,"This game has a wonderful story and a vast selection of characters to choose from.  The multiplayer is only for the dungeons which you unlock as you progress through the story and for helping your friends through the story but ONLY if you have already progressed past that part they are on.  The AI in this game for your party is as most of the reviews say not the very best they do tend to just sit around at times.  Due to this I highly suggest you use support characters since for some reason the AI when it comes to using support skills are pretty good at sitting back and spamming them.  The AI should be thought as being extra characters for you to play with so just switch through all your characters constantly to use up the mana for buffing your chars and using high dmg spells.  ever, there are still dungeons, lvl cap of 99, and monster killing for medals I still need to achieve to 100% the game.  My guess would be that 100 hours would be how much I could put into this game for getting all the achievements.  Overall, I enjoyed this game and will continue to work on getting 100% now that I have beaten the game!"
,Recommended,574050,31377025,Posted: 26 April,all,Just | Yes,Runs well on my computer and the large scale battles are fun.
76561198136308740,Recommended,574050,33068016,Posted: 30 June,all,Cha0sInfected,"Solid hack and slash RPG, but not the best story"
76561197976909293,Recommended,574050,32556588,Posted: 18 June,all,NetSage,I haven't finished the game yet but feel it's fun.  I see where the other reviewers get the idea of the grind but well if it wasn't this game would be done pretty quick I imagine(not finished with the story yet but probably half way after about 10 hours I'm guess(not rushing or anything)).If you want a dynasty warriors feel of a game in a different enviroment this game is amazing.  Although I haven't played the new dynasty warriors I imagine this has more RPG elements(thanks to its Dragon Quest theme) which I find a good fit.
76561198166019251,Recommended,574050,32411941,Posted: 14 June,all,Chaku95,"Ok so imma do a little review i played this game it is OK. i think huge down step from the first game, (well difficulty wise) bosses in DQH1 wasn't to hard but like the zoom in battle like tower defence was lot more difficult in some of the end quests in the 1st one were really hard to get legendary weps, didn't see those at all end game of this one, just not as hard at all. i thought the multiplayer would be fun but its broken for me and can't even play online for some reason so can't really give feed back on that. but over all i would say 1st one is better like storyline wise aswell the twist you can see coming like a mile away at least with like the twins or w/e. i would prob give this game a 6/10. It not the worst game but could add harder diffuclty do update so online will work for everyone and add more end game quests like the 1st one where like its tough. and the open world was OK i honestly think i'd perfer with out the open world just lots of pointless running about where like i said id rather be just trying to kill endless monsters and survive."
,Recommended,574050,31371344,Posted: 26 April,all,DragonDemander,An Epic gameplay. I really love this game.
,Recommended,574050,31371436,Posted: 26 April,all,Victory Male Carter,Dragon Quest Heroes 2Day One Game worked nothing like what happened to Dragon Quest Heroes 1 On #Steam with graphically being out of place Day One of that Game Launch. So Yeah Back into Dragon Quest in a Good way Thanks Akira Toriyama for being a Character Designer Mr Dragonball.9/10
76561198029979738,Recommended,574050,31370916,Posted: 25 April,all,MacOllie,Crashes here and there. But still a lot of fun!
76561198039820703,Recommended,574050,31416274,Posted: 28 April,all,Eyune,Great game which is leaps and bounds better than the original. If you loved the first game pick this one up.
,Recommended,574050,31420335,Posted: 28 April,all,CalvinGeek,"I haven't played the prequel, so I can't compare it with this game. I bought it expecting a Dynasty Warriors game reskinned to look like Dragon Quest, but still play the same. I was so wrong.I've played a lot of Koei Tecmo's hack and slash games. Aside from their tried and tested formula of mowing down hordes of mindless enemies with satisfaction, the progression and customization isn't really deep, and there's not a lot to be done and seen aside from the map sweeping you do for the most part. This game however, was surprisingly different.The only similarity it shares with Koei Tecmo's formula is that you hack and slash enemies by utilizing different combos, that's it. Everything else is different, from the light RPG elements to the collection of all kinds of stuff from weapons to ingredients to monster coins, different vocations (classes) for the main hero and heroine, weapon proficiency system, lively city hub, quest system, and a whole lot more. I can go on about it but you get the point, I haven't even talked about the dungeons and exploration.To summarize,it's a legitimate Dragon Quest spinoff that faintly resembles Dynasty Warriors.If you're a fan of the series and want to play a Dragon Quest game while hopefully waiting for a Western release of DQ XI or just want a fun hack and slash game that looks and plays great, this is what you're looking for."
,Recommended,574050,31407879,Posted: 27 April,all,INFOWARS.COM,"Better than the first one, much different than other musou titles"
76561197965063155,Recommended,574050,31411489,Posted: 28 April,all,decimal,"Loving this game. Being a big fan of Dragon Quest on the DS/3DS systems I just had to buy this and I'm not disappointed. The game is a lot of fun if not a tad immature in places and cringey. Loads of missions to do with the added bonus of multiplayer. Combat is hack & slash and fun with different skills to unlock, vocations with different weapons to try plus hidden vocations too.All in all a really great game. I suffered no performance issues on a i52400, 16 GB of RAM and a Strix 970. I'm using a 360 wireless controller which is fine. I would not recommend keyboard and mouse.A couple of things on the multiplayer also. As far as I'm aware you cannot go through the whole campaign with your mates as it works a bit weird. There are dungeons, which are separate to the main quest which you can do solo or with friends. Before you start a mission you can 'call for help' in the menu, I think this is the multiplayer aspect of the game but after the missions is done they leave. Don't quote me on this as I haven't tried it, it's just the gist I'm getting from reading other threads about the game."
76561198358427628,Recommended,574050,32240371,Posted: 7 June,all,dtsmart1981,"The game is fun, but it has some real slow down issues when lots of mobs and spells are being used."
,Recommended,574050,31385523,Posted: 26 April,all,Aids McGuff,"This is my first 3D Dragon Warrior/Quest game after growing up with the 2D games. I love this game, it's no turn-based JRPG, but it's incredibly fun. The fantasy is 100% Dragon Quest, the art is amazing and very unique. The gameplay is pretty standard hack and slash, but there's a lot of content and a lot of customization. For me, it's completely worth the $60. I have yet to even try the online multiplayer and I love it."
,Recommended,574050,31381292,Posted: 26 April,all,Pernts,"At a first glance, the port seems to be pretty good.i5-6600kGTX 10708GB RamLimited to 60fps, but I haven't experienced any drops or technical issues so far.Will update once I've played more."
,Recommended,574050,31367527,Posted: 25 April,all,Red Damsel,It's really good.
76561198157683805,Recommended,574050,34954280,Posted: 14 September,all,PrinceOfDarknes,"Good game,totaly worth,better grab it on sale ! ^_^"
,Recommended,574050,31367517,Posted: 25 April,all,Gucci Gang Trains,its good
,Recommended,574050,31368083,Posted: 25 April,all,D2UM.AnsonQ,"The game will be fun IF you use controller due to keyboard+mouse usage, will kinda problematic.Good graphic, music, game content even is setting to the low setting.The game style like dynasty warrior, if you like to play it, you will love it.Due to is 360 angle dimension game, some people like me can't play due to I only can play with 2.5D(like Diablo angle) of game only.If have long angle/ dimension, I will continue to play it.Good job for DQ II :)"
,Recommended,574050,33298305,Posted: 5 July,all,Cloudero,This is a fun distraction with high production quality and lots of charms.
76561198317277764,Recommended,574050,31401925,Posted: 27 April,all,Serenityinaz12,I don't typically like this style of game but this one is really good.
,Recommended,574050,31378774,Posted: 26 April,all,TabbyInReverie,Liked it a lot better than I thought I would!
,Recommended,574050,31926011,Posted: 23 May,all,Jake McKee,"Grindy but, dope action RPG!Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and challenging (sometimes unfair).Solid RPG.Square Enix, are you bringing us any of the main lineup of DQ over here! This game has left me craving more of the worldsand adventures. Sizz!"
76561198362061514,Recommended,574050,32038264,Posted: 29 May,all,aaron.saks,I absolutley love what this game has brought to the table and am one of the biggest hack and slash fans around! However the game is super choppy and almost never runs smoothly. I want to play this game so bad that its killing me and seeing other pc gamers using it perfectly isnt helping! I would REALLY appreciate if someone could give me some to tips to help.Here is my computer stats:Edition: Windows 10 HomeVersion: 1607OS build: 14393System Type: 64 bit operating systemProcessor: AMD A10-5750M APU with Radeon HD graphics    2.50 GHzIf someone is willing to help please let me know! I will be very gratefull!Overall game is excellent but wish i could actually play it :(
76561198052911635,Recommended,574050,31388201,Posted: 26 April,all,c01011101,smooth fun combat and control on top of great graphic.Dragon Quest with real action. Can't ask more. Good stuff
76561198059082623,Not Recommended,574050,34963665,Posted: 14 September,all,Deedog,I was looking forward to playing this game since i saw it on sale for $29.99. The first day the game ran pretty well. Then the second day the game fps dropped drastically from me getting 48-60 fps to 25-30. I have a gtx 960 m so i know i can run the game with ease. I tried different ways to fix the issue but none of them worked. Sad to say i can't recommend this game in my opinion.
,Recommended,574050,32707519,Posted: 23 June,all,Dark Link,-rep when there's no Kingdom Hearts or Legend Of Zelda on steam-rep gr8t british voice acting-rep classic fantasy monsters and badass cinematic
,Recommended,574050,31477758,Posted: 30 April,all,Arlian Sellan,"Great game, needs mp in wild zones though."
,Recommended,574050,33459248,Posted: 11 July,all,Greasy Meat Tube,Good one.  I actually beat it twice.
76561198007239918,Recommended,574050,31447212,Posted: 29 April,all,Spills51,I HATE DYNASTY WARRIORS!So with that out of the way I love this game!It is not Dynasty Warriors so lets get that outta the way...The combat is similiar(BUT A TON BETTER) but has alot of additions. That is where the similairities end.A ton of different weapons all with their own skill sets.Upgrading of your Characters and Upgrading of your Equipment/Jewelry.Gaining more Magical spells as you go along.You can also change a character to a different cclass if you want to!All the above is great!Switching characters mid battle is fantastic!Constant chaos and spells flying everywhere with 60 fps smoothness is great!You have a quest hub where you can pick them up/ run a dungeon or do the main story.Roughly a dozen different characters to choose from running with a team of four at a time.Online or solo...your choice.Hidden loot around the maps if you like finding secrets etc.Just get the game tbo!AS far as porting is concerned it is done well. Zero issues.They obviously put alot of work into this and it shows.I hate spending $60 on a game that is MEH.Thankfully this isnt one of them.
,Not Recommended,574050,35214998,Posted: 25 September,all,Ramshead,"I didn't like it,The game seems like it could be fun to play but it is poorly optimized for play on PC.  I can play Witcher 3 with medium to high graphics settings and get 30+ FPS on my GTX 880 GPU, but this game on the lowest settings I am getting 8 FPS at best but averaging 6, to choppy to play...Just for reference, the GTX880m gets a 3Dmark score of about 2000, where the GTX650ti is hitting 1100 (their recommended GPU)Please Optimize for PC and I will gladly try the game again and reconsider my opinion.Thanks,Ramshead"
,Recommended,574050,31387071,Posted: 26 April,all,Partheas,"Pretty fun so far. It does a hack-'n-slash Dragon Quest pretty well in my opinion. Hard to say too much definitively at this point, but it looks like there's a good bit of variety and customization available for your fighting style. There's the typical DQ vocation system, and judging by the number of types of weapons I saw, there's probably a sizeable number of vocations available. Saw numbers of complaints about the voices, especially the slime, but it really isn't that bad. Healix's voice is a little annoying at first, but you get used to it, and it should cease to bother you fairly quickly.I haven't bothered with playing the game mouse and keyboard, because it was clearly designed for play with a controller. I prefer keyboard and mouse typically for games, but it doesn't matter too much. A controller's just as familiar of a tool.Haven't tried any multiplayer stuff. Don't have any friends that own it atm.Only three things have bother me so far. The biggest issues is that the game won't run fullscreen (at least for me). It'll start up, go to a black screen, then close out. I had to open up the launch settings (thankfully it's really easy to get to) and deselect fullscreen. It runs perfectly fine in windowed mode, so I really can't excuse its not working in full screen. Hopefully it gets fixed, as I'd very much like to play it in fullscreen. That said, it's mostly a minor nuissance. As for the other issues, the camera control's a little awkward, but you get used to it. And I also wish there was an ability to play local co-op.3.5 hours of game time so far, 2 hours actually playing (on account of pausing and walking away). The whole time was fairly enjoyable. I'd say if you're a big fan of Dragon Quest games and/or these ""Dynasty Warrior"" style spinoffs, go ahead and pick it up. For all its faults, it's still a pretty entertaining game. But, you're not missing out on anything particularly groundbreaking if you want to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,574050,31447793,Posted: 29 April,all,Schlever,"A mix between Dynasty Warriors, Dark souls and Monster hunter, 10/10"
,Recommended,574050,31362801,Posted: 25 April,all,D.MAIDEN,"Its really frustrating ,I can't even able to play this on full-screen mode,it always says this app stoped working.playing on windowed mode,see if any one is having problem with FPS  then go & checkthe GPU settings from the nvidia control panel, & set it to Nvidia GPU,but after doing that game won't even start.so I did was opened it in windowed mode & it opened finally,DEVs fix this problem asap ........"
,Not Recommended,574050,35341083,Posted: 30 September,all,Bearkat,When it takes a few minutes to run across the map it makes the game unplayable. Would have been fun if they could fix the speed issues in game.
76561198063801119,Not Recommended,574050,35192226,Posted: 24 September,all,jeezzuuss666,The one and only problem I have with this game is how stupid the NPCs are they are 90% useless throughout the entire game and are only even remotely helpful when being controled by the player. I can not nor would I ever recomend this game to anyone because of how absolutely garbage the rest of your team is and I was utterly shocked to find the lack of a tactics system to better control them which has been provided in just about every other dragon quest game. If they hadn't messed up that one specfic thing this game would have been perfect now it's just aggravating.
76561198070946641,Recommended,574050,31385709,Posted: 26 April,all,Rumsie,I am having fun right nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
76561198089121754,Not Recommended,574050,31403120,Posted: 27 April,all,AoE.jOe,"played almost 2 hours., only co-op options are story battles and dungeons so if ur interested in doing the storyline campaign with a friend then avoid this game until either they fix it or just avoid it completely., besides that the controls seemed good kinda reminded me of dynasty warriors type battles just wish the storyline was co-op"
,Not Recommended,574050,31407771,Posted: 27 April,all,JEVjnd2012,"I really have a love/hate with these companies.  I love their games, but their PC ports are♥♥♥♥♥♥poor.  Gametstar, you do all of your readers a disservice by saying that this port is flawless.  As with the first of these games, I can't even run it full screen on Windows 10.  I have to play it windowed and, though I did with the first one, I simply refuse to have to do that again.  Fun game, bad port.  Par for the course for koei tecmo really."
76561198039079523,Recommended,574050,31364018,Posted: 25 April,all,I Did Not,The characters are ♥♥♥♥ing annoying but the combat is fun. The keyboard controls are not bad but they have the console controls defaulted for the tutorials and you can not change that.
76561198078484019,Recommended,574050,34982217,Posted: 15 September,all,MAXIMUM LoSeR,IN DEBTH REVIEW:  This is a great action RPG...{ Best review ever.}
76561198399708822,Recommended,574050,33076463,Posted: 1 July,all,Moonlight,very nice game
,Recommended,574050,31388783,Posted: 27 April,all,DotKom,"Fantastic musou game, if you enjoy them. solid 9/10. Great combat, fun story, fun characters. Fun (not good) voice acting."
,Not Recommended,574050,31363320,Posted: 25 April,all,theclutchcross,"""Up to 4 players can play in cooperative multiplayer to defeat an unknown threat looming over the Seven Realms!""Misleading, you cannot play constantly with 4 players, so if youre looking to play with a group of friends you can only group up for boss battles....so for me im refunding, but if thats not a problem for you i bet you will enjoy it seems like a fun game."
,Recommended,574050,31363033,Posted: 25 April,all,Lord Salty,Erinn is the Innkeeper and they have the original Inn music <3
76561198390941834,Not Recommended,574050,34980689,Posted: 15 September,all,I Tryd So Hard,"i have always loved games like dragonquest and thought hey why not get the game since it is half off, it was a mistake i have a good enough computer to run it on full high settings but i even made some settings medium or low such as particles. I thought it would run smoothly, not at all ran like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer trying to play everything in the highest settings, and you cant change the damn settings without being at the menu. Also controls are horrendus if you arent using a controller and rebinding doesnt really help since there are so many things that are ""needed"". Dont both with the game, you're better of wasting your money on something that works correctly."
,Not Recommended,574050,34986342,Posted: 15 September,all,sandbag,"As soon as I got to the first chance to fight in this game I knew something was off about the whole hack and slash part of the game. Dragon quest has great rpg elements I'll give it that but something about the way all mobs are spawned randomly and sporadic across the open plain of the first map, and how they spawn back after you kill them, it just doesn't give the satisfaction most games give you of endlessly killing mobs."
76561198090978641,Recommended,574050,31366388,Posted: 25 April,all,Yui,The girl with the pink hair is pretty cute. :310/10 would take responsibility.
,Not Recommended,574050,32089122,Posted: 31 May,all,Gwendle (OTG),"I'm only about 6 hours into this, but it's already starting to bore me. I stupidly paid the full $60 price for it. If you have any interest in this game, wait for the price to drop significantly... and it will. It's not a horrible game at all, but neither is it a great one. If you're a DQ fanboy, you'll probably love it, but really it's mediocre at best."
,Not Recommended,574050,31369399,Posted: 25 April,all,Rayge,"Played on a Titan Xp @ 2063mhz and an i7 6850 @ 4.4Ghz.Performance for this game is not good. It's horribly optimized and requires weird tricks to try and force it to utilize the GPU. For GPU utilization you have to have a program such as OBS running the game in preview mode or having Youtube or some other video player in the back playing a video to for the game to use the GPU.This trick stops working when you teleport to a dungeon from Quester's Rest. The game's performance in the dungeon makes the game unplayable with it running around 20-30FPS. This is on extremely high end hardware. I tried changing resolution and the outcome was basically the same.Also, the game starts up with a black screen half the time with nothing but sound playing. It's really frustrating.I'm sick and tired of trouble shooting Koei Tecmo games to get them running optimally. This is definitely something I'm refunding and will pick up later at a deep discount. Seems like a decent game, but it's marred with performance issues."
76561198254062668,Recommended,574050,31392564,Posted: 27 April,all,Resident Sleeper,good
76561198020575563,Recommended,574050,31692308,Posted: 11 May,all,BBQBaconBurger,"A JRPG with the combat of Dynasty warriors. If your a big DW fan, this game is a no brainer to buy."
,Not Recommended,574050,31403964,Posted: 27 April,all,Travingel,"the port is a bad job, with a gtx 1080 and high end I7and 16 gb of ram.there is no excuse for this game to dip to 30- from 60 from even simply casting a spell.buy the ps4 version"
76561198017094063,Not Recommended,574050,31568132,Posted: 5 May,all,Flashpoint,"Nope, can't do it. I can't recommend this game at all.I've put 17.5 hours into this game, and I've had a lot of fun. It's enjoyable, especially if you're a fan of the Dynasty Warrior/Samurai Warrior/Whatever Warrior gameplay. Sure the multiplayer is a bit disappointing but it doesn't really bother me that much.It has a lot of good going for it, and not a whole lot of bad things that ruin the experience overall.Except for one overwhelmingly horrible thing: CONSTANT CRASHING.I've experienced so many inexplicable crashes with this game that it has marred my experience with it. Everything was fine at first. I got through the tutorial stuff, I stopped the invasion of Harba, I got through the first wild zone of Greena Pastures without any problems and I was loving the game so far.Then I get to Grand Dunes and it was just crash, after crash, after crash, after crash. I did all the tech stuff I could think of. I changed my resolution, I played in windowed, I ran in different compatibility modes. Eventually I found out it was certain attacks from specific characters that was causing the crashes, so I spent extensive time experimenting with different character and class combinations till I got one that worked. It wasn't a fix, but it at least bypassed the issue.Then I get to the boss fight in Ingenia, and now I'm forever stuck. I've tried everything, even attempted just going at the thing solo without a party, but it just crashes within seconds of starting. Nothing I do works, nothing I try gets me past it. NOTHING.There is no fix action, there is no bypass, there is no fun to be had. All I got was a few hours of sweet gameplay followed by many hours of frustration, troubleshooting, and generally being upset that I'm down $60 and I've got a game I want to play and can't.Until something comes out from the devs that says they've fixed this, screw this game. If you still wanna buy it, I hope it works for you."
,Not Recommended,574050,34953115,Posted: 14 September,all,MR.EDM,I love this game but not when its a badly optimized port.
,Not Recommended,574050,31383832,Posted: 26 April,all,Shah,The mulitplayer is not that great. Only some missions can be played with others. If you want a single player game then get it.
76561198068517619,Not Recommended,574050,33784658,Posted: 25 July,all,Sultryhag,I am sorry but the Keyboard controls are terrible. I cannot use a controller since I cannot move the thumbsticks well so I rely on the KB and mouse controls exclusively. If you port a game please make the controls intuitive. If a game says you can use the KB and mouse I dont expect you to use all the letters on the keyboard to make it playable.I could not play and I use a 12 button mouse and tried to remap everything but it stlll became too cumbersome. This game is meant to be played on the controller and since I cannot control my character on the controller I will be unable to enjoy the game. I asked for a refund.
76561198171399494,Not Recommended,574050,33941691,Posted: 31 July,all,Hubaloo2,"Game crashes on startup.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorProblem signature:Problem Event Name:	APPCRASHApplication Name:	DQH2.exeApplication Version:	1.0.0.0Application Timestamp:	591e9ed7Fault Module Name:	DQH2.exeFault Module Version:	1.0.0.0Fault Module Timestamp:	591e9ed7Exception Code:	c0000005Exception Offset:	0000000000a5bcafOS Version:	6.1.7601.2.1.0.768.3Locale ID:	1033Additional Information 1:	e483Additional Information 2:	e48326af0aeefdca63dee4da399769f0Additional Information 3:	e088Additional Information 4:	e0885d100c161252b553b4f526c08127Read our privacy statement online:http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=104288&clcid=0x0409If the online privacy statement is not available, please read our privacy statement offline:C:\Windows\system32\en-US\erofflps.txtDxDiag:https://pastebin.com/5R6853NvDxDiag64:https://pastebin.com/rcVq5FtEI got this on Jun 29, 2017 so a refund is not an option.Configuration tool allowed to run to pass the minimum time allowed to write a review.10 August, 2017, Devs have done nothing to address the issue, not even acknowledge it on the discussion page, even though there are a handful of people in the same boat as mysel."
76561198262590383,Not Recommended,574050,31414046,Posted: 28 April,all,nestg00,"The game is better optimized than the first but the battles Is very slow compared to the dragon quest 1, I would have liked a demo to be able to buy or not this gameAfter having played 96 hours the first part I would not recommend this game for now"
76561198311718182,Not Recommended,574050,34959184,Posted: 14 September,all,Shadic200,game wont even start refuned it the day i got it
,Not Recommended,574050,31368954,Posted: 25 April,all,Sir Ged,I played through the first few battles. I couldn't get it to run well. Turned settings completely down to low and it still ran poorly. I really like the way the game plays and just made it impossible to run. Ran really slow on everything but the one battle against your cousin. I really wnated to love this game as I adore Dragon Quest :(7th Gen I732gb ramGTX1060Running on Samsung Pro M.2Still ran at like 15-20 fps on lowest settings.
76561198167254066,Not Recommended,574050,32840516,Posted: 26 June,all,IZELone,PC Port failed. You really need a controller to play this game. Re Binding keys dont work that well either due to certain keys that cant be rebound. Sucks graphic and game seem like fun.
76561198245453592,Not Recommended,574050,31399918,Posted: 27 April,all,MATSE259,Cannot launch game in fullscreen mode. Had to refund it.
,Not Recommended,574050,31926908,Posted: 23 May,all,Morlen,"Runs like a jetski on gravel.Have no idea if the game is any fun, given the awful fps issues and crashes."
76561198312426502,Not Recommended,574050,32411429,Posted: 14 June,all,kokang.chew,Super laggy when there's a mob. Good game but maybe not for PC.
76561197968496198,Not Recommended,574050,31368969,Posted: 25 April,all,Zaptruder,"21:9 MONITOR SUPPORT IS COMPLETELY BROKEN.It's not just not there... where at least you can still play with black bars on the side of the screen.No, it's AGGRESSIVELY ANTI 21:9 compatibility. It won't just stretch the image... it will fill the image with its 16:9 aspect ratio so you have no black bars, and in doing so CUT OFF THE TOP AND BOTTOM OF THE IMAGE so that you can't see bits of text and HUD. You can't use other software to rescale it either, because the game is natively scaling whatever resolution you set to your max monitor resolution and doing you the disfavour of cutting off the tops and bottoms in the process.Given that this was the same issue encountered in the first Dragon's Quest Heroes at launch, I'm not hopeful that this will be remedied.Pure incompetence."
,Not Recommended,574050,31535053,Posted: 3 May,all,{PCG} JiglyBits,"If you're buying this for multiplayer don't bother. Co-op requires you to beat the dungeon before joining your friends. Meaning you have to advance further in the game than your friends, in order to play with them.However if you want to play a hack and slash story game, with horrible voice acting and childlike characters, this game is right up your alley!"
76561198006715661,Not Recommended,574050,31462551,Posted: 30 April,all,Cromium,"this was a tough decision but i'm gonna have to thumb it down, its a nice game, but the grinding is just not fun after 30 minutes, , its just mindless spaming buttons, ok the big monsters can do some serieus damage, but they only got 2-3 moves so its easy to dodge them. The artstyle is quit unique, it feels like a classic anime style like dragon ball.But in the end, this game just can't compete to games like dragons dogma, which are, strategy/grafics wise far beter this game, and not to mention way cheaper.This game is worth 30 euros at most for what it has to offer."
76561198199636877,Not Recommended,574050,31447934,Posted: 29 April,all,Devilshy,"misleading features, you can't play online with your friends freely."
,Not Recommended,574050,33352948,Posted: 7 July,all,John Clayton,"I have  GTX 970M and no matter what settings I change I don't get more than 15-20 fps.  Apparently I am not the only one with this issue.  Game seems to be using onboard graphics instead of my GTX 970M.  Tried to fix in the NVIDIA control panel but still didn't help.  If anyone finds a solution please let me know.If you have multiple graphics cards, this game is not optimized to run.  Do not buy if you have an on-board video card."
76561198182029514,Not Recommended,574050,31462245,Posted: 30 April,all,hiroyama,I bought this game in pre-order because I like it but after I want to start the game. The game can not be played. Whatever I do the game still can not be played
76561198126766074,Not Recommended,574050,31677996,Posted: 10 May,all,Cupcake Dog,Ally Ai is complete garbage
76561198346091718,Not Recommended,574050,33308315,Posted: 6 July,all,MR.SATAN,"Resolution problem cannot go fullscreen,dont buy it !"
76561198023637559,Not Recommended,574050,31367809,Posted: 25 April,all,Omunall,"Honestly the game runs like crap. I'm running an older rig, 2.8 quad, 8gb ram, 2gb vram, but i'm thinking my CPU just isn't up to snuff. I can run Witcher 3, Phantom Pain, Dark Souls 3, Dying light, etc without issue at my native res, but for this i have to drop to 30 fps and 800x600 to get a stable 30fps. If you're running an older rig do not buy this. If you have a modern PC it's probably going to play just fine. Seems fun but very repetitive. Refunding."
76561198059549335,Not Recommended,574050,33776828,Posted: 24 July,all,hauntedbypast,ABSOLUTE GARBAGE! No matter what I do even on the lowest settings I can't get more than 20 FPS. I wish there were steam refunds.
,Not Recommended,574050,31404759,Posted: 27 April,all,Redeyeflight,"Follow along with the adventures of four valiant hero's, Budget Kirito, Budget Asuna, Budget Lizbeth, and Budget Klien as they journey through “Crappy version of Sword Art Origins” in this heavily redacted carbon copy of Sword Art Online Hollow Realization.Literally everything in Dragon Quest Heroes II has been laundered from SAO:HR.  At a rate of two cents on the dollar.  The game play, combat system, party system, skill system... everything.  The “Amine style graphics” are Gintama to SAO:HR's Attack on Titan.  The character advancement system is a few cards instead of a deck, and the game world seems like it was designed for seven year old children.The game mechanics leave you no option but to switch characters and play as your entire party, forcing you out of your hero's body and jarring your suspension of disbelief.  There is no one character through which to inject yourself into the world, even if you wanted to.  And who would want to?This game is a lazy and uninspired attempt at game design plagiarism that leaves me wishing I had played less than two hours.If you have played Hollow Realization do not buy Dragon Quest Heroes II.  Disappointment  is all you'll get for your sixty dollars.  If you have not played SAO:HR and DQHII looks like your cup of tea, go buy SAO:HR."
,Recommended,574050,34733863,Posted: 4 September,all,Nillend,It's k.
76561198042153727,Not Recommended,574050,31368075,Posted: 25 April,all,Squimpy_Monkey,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.I like Dragon Quest games, and the Dynasty Warrior type games, so this seemed like a shoe-in.Sadly, this game does not perform well on my system, even though it well exceeds the recomended requirements.(windows 10 64bit, i7-4720, 16 gig ram, gtx 970)I tried all the tricks suggested in the discussions to get the game to run at a reaonsable frame rate, but none of them worked.So, for me, this game is not in a state I would wish to play it."
,Not Recommended,574050,31363220,Posted: 25 April,all,oChiLLOuTo,ไม่รองรับจอ 4K เหมือนเดิมต้องมา Windows Mode แล้วใช้โปรแกรมให้เต็มจอ 4K อีกเฮ้อเกมส์อื่นไม่เห็นต้องทำเลย
,Not Recommended,574050,31360559,Posted: 25 April,all,Scissorlips,"TL;DR: It's another crap/overpriced anime game.Let me explain...In short, I held my left mouse button and did nothing else. The mouse and keyboard control is very clunky and the in-game tutorial is meant for consoles. Just like every other game where the tutorial doesn't even have the keyboard controls, it's not meant for PC gamers. Leave it to the console gamers - again.Currently, it's retailing at £40 - Triple A retail price. For that, you would at least expect satisfying mouse and keyboard support. Currently, it feels awkward to use; given the combat style auto-targetting anything in your field of view, you can play with just a mouse. I would also expect more depth in the combat for its price, but I found that holding left mouse button after walking up to a mob is all you need to do...The narrator's voice is a child... Sounds as though he's about 8. That's the most annoying type of voice to hear on the internet, let alone from a game I just spent £40 on.I'm an average gamer - I'm giving my very first impressions of the game. I usually don't do reviews, but I felt that this was the worst ten minutes spent playing a game retailing at full Triple A price. Honestly: I had more fun in the first hour of No Man's Sky.It's fair to say ""You don't have enough time spent in this game to review it. This is invalid."" You need to understand I'm giving my first impressions - if I felt the game was so bad I would rather not spend more than 10-15 minutes playing, along with reasons why, that implies something...To clarify, in terms of gameplay mechanics, you needn't use a keyboard, just a mouse. It auto-targets for you (or close to that, since I only needed to readjust my mouse so I aimed relatively close to the enemy) in order to hit them. And then it auto-targets the next enemy in your field of view. When I summarise the game as being 'repetitive'*, I am basing it off of this mechanic alone. It kills the quality of the combat for me.[The reason for me buying this was because I remember sinking hundreds of hours into DQ: Rocket Slime on my DS as a kid; I felt that my love for RPGs was a good combo to try and get that nostalgic feel mixed with gaming elements I loved, so I gave the JRPG genre a try.]-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This will get downvoted by the biased, hardcore anime community. I don't care, I'm being honest from a typical gamer's perspective. The purpose was to show my first impressions of the game as I felt this was the most important part and the quick decider as to whether I should play or not. I wouldn't recommend this unless you're gifting it to a young sibling, cousin etc., a long-term fan of Dragon Quest, or are into very story-rich games (even though the mechanics get quickly repetitive*).-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[Quick note:] There is a lot of nonsensical hate in the first few pages of comments and the more recent pages. There are a dozen-or-so pages inbetween those which have structured feedback, which will possibly cover your thoughts - FLICK OVER TO THOSE PAGES. I'm trying to keep my replies specific to the comments so you can refer to the questions to help you out when back-tracking, I guess."
76561198170007987,Not Recommended,574050,32567239,Posted: 19 June,all,George,Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.Terrible Pc Port.
76561198053115804,Not Recommended,574050,31360958,Posted: 25 April,all,vindayven,"Crap.  Can't even  launch the game.  It instantly crashes, before even opening the game window.  Tried in Fullscreen and Windowed mode.  High end gaming system with all dirvers up to date."
76561198035660252,Not Recommended,574050,34938966,Posted: 13 September,all,Braque,"I played this for 20 minutes and refunded it. If you're a fan of Dark Souls, you will likely find this game painful right out the gate. It's like a Souls game ate a bag of Skittles and sh#t this out."
,Recommended,574050,31366913,Posted: 25 April,all,Free 2 Buy,"This is a pretty good game.  I would reccomend.  A lot of the negative reviews are from people who don't understand what a console port is.*Locked FPS*No Window Borderless*Mostly gamepad support, keyboard controls useless.You can use a third party program to make the keyboard controls worth a damn.As for the people who are saying the co-op is pointless they are wrong.  A lot of people expected an open world to run around like the new Zelda.  If you put aside what you were hoping for and pay attention to what the game is intended to be you will see it is a mix of monster hunter meets dynasty warriors meets a dungeon runner.  You build your party/gear and set out to missions, all missions can be done with friends so I fail to see the complaint there.  Yes there is a world you can run around in and kill monsters but not much point to doing so, basically should just follow the map to next objective.If you like being tactical in battle as well as a hack and slash feel with RPG elements and co op then you will ejoy this game.  You will not be able to button mash to win in this game.8/1010/10 if it had more customizable controls for keyboard as well as window borderless."
76561198245830348,Recommended,574050,31366609,Posted: 25 April,all,ritualmage,"This game rocks. Akira Toriyama, more DQ coming West, action packed and really pretty. Good CG, good voice acting, tight controls, and good character customization (their vocations and abilities).Some people were saying that the game was crashing on them, but my brother and I are both playing this on two different rigs and there have been ZERO crashes - in fact, there's been zero issues period. Using Win10, so maybe that has something to do with it."
76561198042176810,Recommended,574050,31377627,Posted: 26 April,all,Halery,I am a big fan of the Dragon Quest series. I've played almost all the games and this one is one of my favorites! One thing that really blew me away was the fact that the main characters of the game are able to change their armor to the Dragon Quest (Warrior) 1 outfit. I absolutely love the outfit and it brings back so much nostalgia! :D
,Recommended,574050,31383789,Posted: 26 April,all,BritishReaper199,I wasnt much of a fan of the first dragon quest heroes but this is a definate improvment mainly due to the free roam element (which I love in games like this) that was loved in all of the nintendo dragon quest games has been brought back to the dragon quest series
,Recommended,574050,31436541,Posted: 29 April,all,Beau,"Okay so, this game is good but surely isn't as great as the orginial Dragon Quest games. If you're a fan of the games, I'd recomended this game because either way, its still Dragon Quest and we all love ourselves some Dragon Quest. Doesn't have much multiplayer though which is disappointing."
76561197967324471,Recommended,574050,31407180,Posted: 27 April,all,H.U.N.K,Liked the story and characters on DQ1 but the constant tower defence and lack of moves caused me not to finish it half way :(.But DQ2 is SOoO much better in ever single way its got loads more characters loads of move and skills and its semi open world its a big thumbs up from me.
76561197989535096,Recommended,574050,31377671,Posted: 26 April,all,sgtwhiskeyjack,"Please don't miss this game because of the bad reviews, none of their gripes have affected me, it's a fantastic game.The game looks awesome, performs awesome and plays awesome. I feel like I'm playing a Tales game without the skits so far. I hope it keeps it up.I'm up to level 20 now and it's a brilliant game and very big, with tonnes to do.The story so far is pretty good, with a fair amount of lore added to the characters conversations. The characters are fantastic, as are their abilities. There are also a tonne of additional abilities from many sources, which you gain as you progress. It can get quite deep if you're OCD like me.I thoroughly recommend this game, it exceeds my expectations and just keeps getting better and giving me more content."
,Recommended,574050,31469760,Posted: 30 April,all,Samiri,"So, Dragon Quest Heroes II is out, and I was pretty excited when I saw the game. I am not a Dragon Quest fan, I don’t know the universe, I just saw an interesting game I wanted to try out and give a go.So this is an edit of a former review, I have now played more than 15 hours of the game and have tried out several different things in the game. So this is an updated review from the former 3 hour review.Now one thing I want to say, IF you don’t own a controller DO NOT buy this game, its simply horrible. The tutorial is not made for you, you aren’t shown how combos work or anything on how you play because everything is shown for controller.You can find the information under the keybindings menu, but that means you have to go into the menu several time to find out what key B is or RT or whatever. Also I can’t say if this is only me, but on mouse and keybord the fighting animation would get stuck when fighting, like I could stop pressing buttons and the character would still go on and on and on and on and on and on and on fighting until I pressed ESC. That is pretty ♥♥♥♥ed up.So, I went to the store and bought an official Xbox controller and wauv the game experience improved by 50%. The game started to be actually fun to play, fun to make combos and kill hordes of enemies with your insane attacks.Now there’s till a problem with missing SFX in videos and very very bad audio sync. The audio is simply 4 sec late in some cutscenes so you get your experience ruined a bit with it. Subtitles are still not working very well as well.I am still missing a quite button, it’s so annoying having to go to a priest to press a million buttons to be able to save and quit. It might work for console, but it does not work for PC, in my opinion it’s still being a lazy developer.Multiplayer hmm, yea well its quite fun when you can actually find someone to play with. I have done maybe 5 mission where I been helping people, that was quite fun. I tried doing the dungeons but haven’t yet been able to find anyone to party with, it’s really bad and that’s kind of sad.There’s like a million different toons you can play, and that gives you a lot of choices, you can even change your main fighting style to something else, I tried changing it to mage which gave me a mage shooting magic bubbles. I like that parts because you can really change how you want to play. Bear in mind though you have to level up from level 1 again if you change your class.You unlock several new skills the more you use that skillset, and with skill points you can decide what you also want to unlock.The story is in some way pretty obvious but in the same way it’s still secretive. 16 hours in, I still don’t know who the real villain is.Do I recommend this game?Well, if you’re a PC player, then NO I really really don’t recommend this game, its really not fun.If you have a controller, well then this game is pretty fun, and if you like hack and slash action games then you will like this, I’m sure of it."
,Recommended,574050,31368974,Posted: 25 April,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,the game is good
76561198068697067,Recommended,574050,33418256,Posted: 9 July,all,TTV/Lordforrest90,"As a fan of both Dynasty Warriors and Dragon Quest, I am pleased to say this second instalment hits home a lot better than the first one. The mixture of both games is noticible throughout this game. Don't expect much in the way of multiplayer though, even on launch day there was only two or three party rooms open."
,Recommended,574050,33382743,Posted: 8 July,all,Phoenix8833,"Dragon Quest Heroes II is a very entertaining game. The combat system is great and the monster encounters are usually composed of a group of weaker monsters and a couple of stronger monsters which I find fun. The story is interesting and the game isn't too easy or too challenging. The controls are strange at first on a keyboard but can be adjusted, however it still plays better on a controller. The music is amazing and the voice acting is good. It's a great mix of a JRPG and a Musou game. I haven't experienced any bugs or crashes with the game so far and it runs smoothly. Overall I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,574050,35012406,Posted: 16 September,all,ryumikeryumike,Very good game. We need more fron the series!!!!   I would really love DQ VIII on steam
76561197993269850,Recommended,574050,35246473,Posted: 27 September,all,Brewster,"Really, it's a pretty good game, especially if you have a nostalgic 'itch' for dragon quest games. The music alone brought back a lot of fond memories, as did the enemies. The gameplay is a mix of addictive and repetitive, but overall it's still good. I give it 4 smiling blue slimes out of 5."
76561198052243162,Not Recommended,574050,31375164,Posted: 26 April,all,Soviet,"This game is the child of dynasty warriors and [insert name] JRPG. The target audience are children ages of 6 – 12 and their parents.Be warned. The characters are all very cringy in design. The dub will make you cringe and the story, at least the English translation, will cause you to want to shout lalala while skipping.Is this game worth the price? No. Will it give you a fresh fix for your RPG addiction? Yes, well… for 3 hours to god knows how long, depending on desperation."
,Recommended,574050,35236188,Posted: 26 September,all,Xariot,Better than the first DRAGON QUEST HEROES.
,Recommended,574050,35224790,Posted: 26 September,all,seanyc123,Adventure kino.
76561197998851273,Recommended,574050,35265078,Posted: 28 September,all,Streeky Flinders,This is my actual first Dragon Quest game ever played and I'm kind of surprised with myself that I haven't played any of the others back then cause I like the monsters in this game.
,Recommended,574050,35373567,Posted: 1 October,all,Fish,Dynasty Warrior meets Dragon QuestHack-and-slash meets RPG11/10
