user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,574760,33258122,Posted: 4 July,all,Funky Munky,Rimworld had a baby with FTLHas problems with UI scaling. The UI is clunky and awkward. Recent updates have been improvements.No offline play is annoyingHas potential.The developer listens and responds to feedback. Big positive
,Recommended,574760,33264510,Posted: 5 July,all,Lasur Lawrence,"Don't let the mix reviews confuse you, the only reason why this game has as many negative reviews as it does is because of a build, that made things harder than it should. As this game is still in Early Access, there are going to be ups and downs during it's development. The Steam launch's timing is nothing but unfortunate. The dev is incredibly dedicated, and for an Early Access game it has very few bugs, since they get fixed almost instantly. If you already know about this game, then I recommend you buy it, if this is your first time looking at the game however, you might want to wait a few weeks and keep an eye on it's Steam page and the subreddit for updates, just to make sure a single badly-ballanced patch doesn't leave you disappointed with an otherwise fantastic game, that is full of potential!UPDATE:As of 7/9/2017 the game is in a far better place ballancewise than it was. It's still maintaining diffuclty but way more managable than before!"
76561198029515750,Recommended,574760,33328824,Posted: 6 July,all,Catbert7,"I notice there are a lot of negative reviews for this game, so much so that it is rated ""mixed,"" and that is a travesty. To help you decide whether this game is for you, I will say this; If you are a gamer who enjoys using your brain, you will probably like this game. If your idea of fun is to completely divorce yourself from critical thought and still succeed, you should look elsewhere.All the negative reviews complain about the game being too difficult. I picked the game up for the first time a day ago (the hard start version) and succeeded on my first run. To make sure it wasn't a fluke, I restarted 3 more times. Every run was successful. I am not a genius. If you make an intelligent plan to build what you need, in the order you need it, and do so efficiently, you will almost certainly succeed. If you have no knowledge of the game and want advice, that order should be...1) Get 2 mining lasers and 3-4 heat vents to mitigate asteroid damage and facilitate resource acquisition.2) Get a water cooler and food dispenser.3) Get a third mining laser or a laser weapon to be entirely safe from asteroids (the weapon will let you intimidate ships for credits as well and let you mine more efficiently).4) Get a research station and research plant bed, then get a plant bed to secure your food supply.5) Get a navigation console or engines so that, if a scary ship insists on attacking, you can turn them on to have positive evasion and jump away. First recourse should be bribery, though, to keep the jump in reserve as much as possible.6) Make sure to have at least 2 cargo containers, life support, and airlocks so that you can't be crippled in a disaster.7) Congratulations! You are now totally safe.Only the first few steps are really hectic. You might lose a few components to asteroids but you should be able to replace them if you are mining efficiently.That issue addressed, this game is currently limited in scope and has no story but it is a VERY promising foundation. Only the first half hour or so really presents much challenge because the difficulty doesn't seem to scale throughout the game but that is all still being hammered out. There is still a great deal of ship-building content in the game right now and I have encountered no bugs at all. If you enjoy games like FTL or Rimworld, you should enjoy this. For $12 it is definitely worth a buy, in my opinion."
76561198046310607,Not Recommended,574760,34771186,Posted: 6 September,all,The Hasty Hippy,"I am very torn on this game, I LOVE rimworld, so this is right up my ally, It had many very frequent updates in the beginning, but I'm starting to think it was a money grab... No word in two months now, after multiple updates in one week. I want to love it, but I cant reccomend it unless the DEV starts comminucating more.."
76561197993824256,Recommended,574760,33362634,Posted: 7 July,all,MarQan,"Recommended with caution.EA description strongly applies: only buy the game if you're excited for it in its current state, and don't buy for what it will be when finished (which will probably be an awesome game). That being said the game is already interesting, the music is good, there's a good amount progression and challange in it.The devs are really active: there were at least 3 patches since release (2-3 days ago). Including bug and balance fixes, mostly based on community feedback, which is really nice.There is NO TUTORIAL, so you'll just have to figure it out. However you don't need to read pages to do it. Mostly because there isn't that much description, because it's not necessary. The game has quite a lot of elements, but they are kept simple, and intuitive, so you'll figure it out. Takes about 5-10 deaths to get the build order for necessities, and another 10-20 to optimize it. Yes, you will die a lot.That's mostly the reason of negative reviews. The game was extremely unbalanced when it came out, but it was made easier with every patch. There's still a relatively strict build order at the beginning, hence the part below.IF you decided to get the game I'll give you some help, in case you don't want to figure it out yourself, or you wanna enjoy the game without dying too much (for 1.0e):0. Re-rolling your crew: Get 1 Engineer lvl3, 1 Science lvl 3, and preferrably another Engineer 2-3. Just click ""Select new"" until you get it.This is necessary to get your ship ready for the 1st asteroid field, and to get new parts fast. Science also helps in lots of other things.1. Assign all your crew to Engineering.2. A good build before the 1st asteroid field:- 2 Hull tiles- 2 Mining Lasers (at the front of the ship)- 3 Small Heat Vents- 1 CPU panel- 2 Small solar panelsTo do all of these you'll need to deconstruct the Small engine in the back. It doesn't have much effect, and you want to mine as much as possible, so might as well get rid of it.3. Your next priorities are: buying Food from a trader, building another 1-2 heats vents, a Small chest and a Water cooler before your crew starts dying of dehydration. This last one can be a temporary addition, if you really need materials.4. After those you'll also want to feed your crew, so a Food dispenser would be nice. Depending on materials, you might be able to get a 3rd Mining Laser (but have at least 5 heat vents for it).5. Now you've probably encountered 2 ships, which are guaranteed friendly, however the 3rd isn't, so start getting weapons. You don't need to have these on all the time, so you don't NEED to add extra solar and cpu panels, you can just turn off your Mining lasers. However you can encounter ships in asteroid fields, and you might want to keep firing on the enemy while breaking rocks in your paths.You can survive the 1st hostile encounter with just 1 turret, but that won't restroy the enemy ship, I think you need 3 for that.6. Build a Research Station and go for either Small plant bed, Medium solar panel or Mining console. If you have 30 food, then forget plant bed, and go for the other 2. If you have 2-3 turrets and 3 mining lasers AND you micromanage a lot, then you can get crazy amount of materials from asteroid fields.7. At this point you've reached what I'd call mid-game. Your biggest problem is probably getting more crew. You can buy them from trading ships, and sometimes they join you from destroyed ships, I haven't had anything else.Additional tips:- keep an eye on HEAT: fires will start on your ship and you can lose your weapons and mining lasers easily if you're not careful.- don't forget to BUILD: after getting 3 Mining lasers and 6 heat vents you might really be enjoying getting all those precious materials while mining, but even then you need to remember to build stuff constantly. You need Hull or Floor to add anything relevant to your ship, so plan and build ahead! You can just pause the game any time to do so.- always keep in mind the CPU and Power costs.- buy Food from the first 2-3 traders, it's unlikely that you'll get the research done and build the equipment needed to make your own food in time.- always sell Water: very common, you don't need much of it and Credits are hard to get.- don't run out of STORAGE SPACE: materials just get destroyed if you do. Especially at the beginning, where starting with the engine deconstruction means you can't get everything built before the 1st asteroid field. Also get that Small chest in time!- use the CONTROL GROUPS: CTRL + [1-9] to assign them and [1-9] to use them. Very useful for weapons, mining lasers and possibly non-essential equipment, like Research station, Water cooler and Food dispenser, if you're stretched too thin on Power or CPU.- build vertically: this means you need to break less rocks to be safe.- mining laser in front, weapon placement doesn't matter. Mining lasers have a relatively short range, while weapons don't.- that being said rocks can be broken with the Laser turret, howeve you might accidently destroy resources.- SAVE A LOT: since there isn't much variance between games atm, you might as well savescum and just experience the whole game without restarting all the time. But ofc you can do ironman and just torture yourself like I do.- build smart: at the beginning you won't have the luxury to build long/wide corridors, or to make your ship look good. It's an escape pod, you're barely even alive. Prioritize what you really need.It's definitely not the only way to play the early-game, but it's an effective way.Good luck!"
76561198098096129,Not Recommended,574760,33571742,Posted: 15 July,all,Susannah,"I've tried really hard to like this game, as I play simlar, like Prison Architect.Firstly, the UI: it's nice, easy to navigate through, and most importantly, scaleable.  It's also pleasant that you can change the colour - yes I know, it's a gimmick really, but having a purple UI is pleasing!Secondly, fires: these can quickly become a thorn in your side, even with adequate cooling.  The mechanics behind how your sims fight them is flawed as instead of one sim fighting all the fires in one area, the game will send multiple sims to fire each individual fire in the same area, which can mean that some grow to the point where they're close to compromising the structural integrety of the ship.  Now, there is a manual mode that allows you to control sims, but when you're navigating an asteroid field, while being pewpewd, there are things you don't want to micromanage, and damage control is one of them.Thirdly, NPC ships: In the beginning, they're the same as you, possibly with a mining laser, or single laser turret equipped, but as soon as you start to equip weapons on your own ship, the strength of hostiles appears to grow almost exponentially.  This is far from helpful when you've just managed to fight off one attacker, have had to use your jump on the next one, and a third hostile ship pops up in a row and blows you out of the sky because you've not been able to repair everything from the first ship.Fourthly, the sims: these guys are slow.  Their movement is painfully slow.   They build at the pace of a snail, even with maxed out engineering stats, and the repair times are just as bad.Fith, resources:  while mining for resources is not a bad idea within the game, having to make the player do it almost constantly really does take the fun out of it, especially if the player wants to build a ship that's even half decent.  It would be nice if the sim who's at the mining console could be set to auto-mine.  It would also be nice to have a way to manufature water somehow that doesn't require mining, much along the lines of a grey-waste system on cruise ships.  It might also be worth implimenting a system where you can exchange gold for credits without having to have a trade ship there.Sixth, the music:  I have to say that the devs have managed to source/create some really decent music.  Yes it's ""elevator-esq"" in its style, but I can't say that I have minded listening to it for the 60+ hours I've played of the game.Would I recommend this game at present?  No.  Does it have potential?  Yes.  It needs work, and refining.  I'll continue to play the game non-the-less as I'm eager to see how it develops.17th July 2017So, after the last update this morning, the interaction buttons with other ships are now buggy.  Sometimes, about 1/10, they're all the right size, but the rest of the timebribeandthreatenare both massively oversize, sometimes to the point where you cannot click on the screen because you'll end up threatening the ship.  This makes it difficult to buy/sell stuff if you do happen to need it and it's being offered from the ship.  However, this may be an arifact related to the UI scaling and my screen resolution as the screen shot I took with a ship earlier today shows normal interaction buttons.With some hard graft, and many attempts, it is possible to get a ship to a half decent state.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=107877145520th July 2017Fires, fires, and more fires.  I'm still trying to fathom the mechanics behind these thorns.  Sims are incredibly stupid when it comes to fighting them too, for example: if a sim is trapped in a room because of a fire in the doorway, it won't fight the fire to get out, it will just stand there until one of its fellow sims comes to put it out.  Even then, if there is more than one tile of fire, the sim that was auto sent to fight in the first place won't fire the newly sprouted tiles of fire; instead the game will send a string of sims to fight, which if you're in the middle of pewpew means that sims are pulled away from working their consoles.  Of course this means that you end up micromanaging something that really shouldn't be needed to be during the middle of pewpew, while at the same time often vital multipliers are being diminished by the crew being re-assigned by the game to fight the fires.The mechanics surrounding fires and how they're fought, I feel, really do need to be looked at and re-assessed by the Devs.22nd July 2017After lots of hard work, pain, headaches, dispair, etc. I've manged to build quite a decent ship:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=108533177626th July 2017http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1091121724After finishing the latest expansion of the ship, a new, larger class of trade/enemy ship appeared.  This made a nice change, and a bit of a tactical challenge as it was far better armed ande equipped than previous version."
76561198030754781,Not Recommended,574760,34525801,Posted: 27 August,all,shames,"Currently, the game comes with a nasty dealbreaker.Starship Theory is a cute little game. I like a hefty learning curve and I don't mind restarting even for minor hickups. Also, contrary to my first impression the interface serves the game extremely well. At around six hours of overall playtime, I was just beginning to enjoy myself - and then I had my first hostile encounter.I had three lasers properly bundled into a firing group and enough vents to fire continuously. I had redundant CPU and solar panels. Not just more power than I needed, but actual surplus panels. For bad luck, I had more than twice the expected amount of bribe money. According to guides on the net, I was well prepared for my first hostile encounter ever. Or so I thought.The first encounter was so overpowered, that it took me for all the bad luck cash I had. A few minutes later a second hostile appeared. Twice as powerful as the first. Multiple advanced weapon systems, twice the crew contingent , the whole nine. And it did not stop shooting. What was most enraging was that despite replaying the encounter  choosing different types of tiles to shoot at, I never once managed to take out a single target tile, because its engineers repaired too quickly.And encounters are queued, which means they cannot ve avoided by reloading a game save before the encounter.What it all comes down to is this. Hostile encounters are completely randomized. This means, no matter what you do, the game can end in a heart beat.And in case you wonder, I bought the game AFTER the official news flash, that the universe is becoming a friendlier space."
,Recommended,574760,33447431,Posted: 10 July,all,S_Knighter,"If you're wondering ""Is this game for me?"", well if you're a fan of games such as Rimworld or FTL, then yes. Yes it is, and it's definitely worth the current price tag.Now, that being said, I think this game is currently far too difficult. There are points in the game where, no matter how much skill you may have at managing your ship, it simply doesn't matter, you were going to die, and there was nothing you could do about it. That shouldn't happen in games. It's not ""A difficult game"", it's impossible at times. Such as the first asteroid field when you have one laser, and several large asteroids come at you and you are completely powerless to stop them from breaking something, and that early on in the game, if you lose even one piece of your ship, you may as well restart.Some things I would like to see tweaked:-Resource ManagementIt is currently too difficult to maintain a good amount of each resource. From what I have experienced so far, you either get lucky and get what you need when you need it, or you can go several asteroid fields in a row where you get nothing from them. Even after destroying every asteroid within your range. No water, no gold, maybe 5 metal total, and well there isn't anything you can do about it. Food isn't hard to get, if you can afford to be watering your crops constantly, and you can only get water from mining (have to get lucky), or if a trader is selling it (have to get lucky). No skill involved here whatsoever.-TradingYou are forced to trade a set amount of a select few resources for each trader. Seriously? Give us a sliding bar so we can sell any amount, and the price simply scales off the per unit price. Realistically, this would make sense. Traders wouldn't deny selling you 15 metal because they wanted to sell 16 instead. I think you should also be allowed to click on any part of a trader ship and see if they are willing to sell it to you. See a trader with a turret, want to see if they'd sell it to you? Right click it, see option for ""Offer to buy"" or ""ask price for part"", something along those lines. You could even sell parts of your own ship in a similar fashion if you wanted. I think this would be a good addition to these encounters.-Hostile ships (and unrealistic ships)The ships you encounter that are hostile are almost always going to win. About 5 asteroid fields into my third or fourth run at the game, I had two mining lasers, and had only a research station as an operations station so far. I get attacked by a ship with a plasma turret and a chain gun. What?! What am I supposed to do against this? Not to mention looking at the enemy ship, it shouldnt have even been able to function. It had no way of taking care of it's crew, and no mining lasers. I think the enemy ships should at least have to be realistic, otherwise they are at an advantage to the player in that, they don't have to care for their crew.-DronesThink FTL. Drones should be a thing. Where are my defence drones shooting down asteroids? Mining drones mining asteroids I select for them? Guard drones repelling intruders? Assault drones torpedoing into enemy ships to breach and assault their crew? This would be an awesome addition, maybe make it a very late game availability, due to extensive research done by the scientists or something.-More random encountersThere should be more random encounters.Examples:Maybe you find another pod passing through space and you have the option of opening it up. You could have a random chance of ""Hey, there's a passenger in here!"" (Passenger joins ship), or ""Arrrg!!"" Pirates/Aliens spring from said pod into your ship. Maybe it's simply carying supplies, or maybe it's empty? Who know's?You could be given quests to aid other ships you encounter, help us get to our destination, we require a guard (protect us for ______ amount of time), delivery quests, and such.You could find beacons, that have messages in them, could be silly messages, important messages, plot/story messages (if you ever decide to implement a story to this game). That kind of thing.You should be able to interact with planets, maybe you can send a team down to investigate the surface of a planet.Why is it there are no space stations to encounter? I think you should be able to find trading stations, community hubs, or any number of other space statiosn you can think of.I think this game is great as is, but it has a lot of room to grow. It has the potential to be amazing, but I would first make the game easier, before implementing newer features. The game is simply too chance oriented and is far too difficult in it's current state. Especially at the early stages of the game, where lack of resources, guns, money, just force you to run from any and all fights you get into, and hope you get very lucky when mining."
76561197980216599,Recommended,574760,33304766,Posted: 6 July,all,Crow,"First legit review for a game and I'm very happy its this one...Alright, if your on the fence on this game I'm hoping this will help you out.First thing to know... This is major early access at this point. It's playable and it has enough to keep you interested for a while; but the real value is going to be in the future.That being said... It's been out for a few days and there's already been a few updates in response to the community's reactions.  At first the game had a BRUTALLY hard beginning and people complained. The developer quickly eased it up a bit and now most people are good with the difficulty. People have given suggestions on the rates of drops and I've noticed differences here and there as well.If you want to be part of a community where the developer really listens so far that's this game. In essance this is exactly what a very early access game should be. It's not done, its got its bugs, but you can help shape it into the game you want it to be. You want this game to have 10 armed aliens.... start up a post and see if you can get others aboard and once the important stuff gets smoothed out I'm sure the develope will listen if there's enough support for it.Keep in mind a lot of reviews (both positive and negative) are going to be outdated really fast as the tweeks the developer is making arn't small, they're game changing. It's only been a few days and I feel like it plays very different then it had before.Edit: 07/06/2017: Ok quick edit here... Last night there was an update fixed a few things but it also created quite a bit of a bug. I took the night off the game after reading through a few posts about it on the forums and posting my own comment... I wake up today and the bug is fixed with another update. This is an example of why you want this game! We spoke, the developer listens, and BOOM! It gets done asap."
,Recommended,574760,33340484,Posted: 7 July,all,Titon,"I have a strict ""don't buy games in early access"" policy. I caved and bought this one to give it a try.That was late Wednesday (seems it had just come out too). Now it's early Friday, I'm standing at 18 hours played, and I'm very glad I waivered my policy.Yeah, it's a difficult game. Yeah, it lacks a tutorial and that makes it even harder. Try a couple of games, fail hard, go read a beginner's guide, then try again. I promise it will click.Most reviews mention this being ""RimWorld meets FTL"" and it's pretty bang on, if you like both you'll probably dig this one, though it is much more RW than FTL. It succeeds at what to me is the biggest flaw in RimWorld: pacing. While I spent hundreds of hours building unnecessarily complicated fortresses in Dwarf Fortress, in RW after a couple hours in a map I feel like I don't have anything else interesting to do. It's now a boring game of amassing resources so I can get to some arbitrary end game tech (never got to that point but I assume the objective of RW is building a ship and buggering off).In that regard, ST feels like DF: I'm building a ship just for the sake of building a ship, and it's fun to do it and there is always something I'm aiming to do. Resources are hard to come by, research takes a long time (which is possibly what makes RW reach end point so fast), so your ship will be ragtag for a long time before it starts getting powerful enough to stand up to enemies. Stars are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ mostly because your pawns are kinda stupid regarding putting out fires sometimes, but once you learn to set up so you vent areas of your ship while crossing stars it becomes an interesting addition to the challenge of designing your ship.It has a lot of things that are not as good as DF and RW (pawn psychology is very simplistic and they have little skills, save scumming is very easy), but it does other things better, which makes it worth the try for fans of the genre. As far as early access goes it's not the buggiest by a long mile - had one crash once while loading a save, paws sometimes get stuck trying to perform a job - but it's definitely not an impediment to making the game enjoyable."
76561197975073524,Not Recommended,574760,33822661,Posted: 26 July,all,Onion,"As of right now in early access I can't recommend this game. The concept is appealing but it needs far more balance work before I think it will be fun. The early game is fraught with pitfalls, death is assured; this is less a problem than it sounds like. The real problem is the combat. After surviving basic perils like heat, asteroids and insuring food and water for your crew you begin to open the ship up a bit and add research and other items. This is when you will start encountering hostile ships.Whatever measurement of progression they use to match you to your opponants is simply not working well. Enemy ships appear with technology many levels higher than yours with a crew triple that of your own. The only thing they don't seem to do so far is outgun me. If I have two laser turrets they'll have three, during combat I'll build three more and eventually win. Eventually being an important word because combat takes FOREVER. I had combat last 30 minutes, my people went to bed four times during the fighting. I had time to build an addition to my ship to add more lasers during the fighting. I was more at risk from starvation than laser blasts.This brings up another problem; you have to manually mine all of the resources, you have to follow the asteroid with your curser to hit it. This means that gathering resources takes your concentration while time is unpaused. In combat you have to constantly be retargeting your weapons, you can do this while paused, but this means that every few seconds you have to pause, retarget, bring your cursor back to the asteroid and start time again. It's frustrating and unsatisfying, and then five minutes later a new enemy ship will pull up and it'll start all over again."
,Recommended,574760,33257763,Posted: 4 July,all,ipapotihus,"Imagine Rimworld into space. Kind of.First game? Passed over a sun, burn to death.  in less than 10minutes.Theyre is clearly potential. I was starting to get a handle on construction.I don't like the UI, everything way too small.Will play again. For now, I need to sleep before work tomorrow."
76561198029801787,Not Recommended,574760,34790371,Posted: 7 September,all,Jiamil,"I can only repeat what others said:No update for months.Hard difficulty cliff to hide the lack of content.Fights are very hard, because the enemy ship is repairing constantly.After 6 hours of playtime, I feel like I saw all there is to it. Didn't research everything but what you can research comes down to: Have more of ressource x and y which you had from the start and get a bigger ship.Can't recommend this one at the pricepoint and without getting a bit more flesh on the, very promising, bones.Edit: Just to be correct: Shortly after this review there was a small update and the information by some members of the community, that the developer had a child. Congratulations to the kid, but communicating with the people that finance the project (all players buying early access) would be a very much necessity."
76561198099852599,Recommended,574760,33408406,Posted: 9 July,all,ObsKex,"So I watched Aarvak play this game and it was crazy hard and really messy...  Really enjoyed FTL and Rimworld so couldn't resist and bought it.  The game is getting better every patch - 2 steps forward, 1 step back.  It's moving in the right direction, things are getting fixed regularly.  The developer cares and the game is enjoyable.  My ship died about ten times in the first ten minutes before I got lucky and made it to shields...Pros:1. It's a fun mix of FTL and Rimworld2. Potential is huge3. It's hard - not just buggy, it can be challenging which is good4. Developer is engaged / caresCons:1. it's early - still has some technical bugs2. has some balance and RNG issues to work out3. Needs ramped up end-game"
76561198038553441,Recommended,574760,33387918,Posted: 8 July,all,YouDaRealMVP,"Very fun, needs some balancing, happy with the quality of life features recently indroduced.Pros-Still actively developedGood amount of featuresUI customizationWell balanced game play (not easy to min max)Right-click is your frinedCons-Enemy ships dont play fair, they are allowed to jump out, even tho they have no power/ engines(I hope they fix this)Difficulty? (the game is not very forgiving of mistakes at the start. Difficulty ramps up, meaning you can be screwed if you have a bad start. Not really a problem if you are into that )"
76561198061974601,Recommended,574760,33525986,Posted: 13 July,all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"I've played just 6 hours and I've only scratched the surface of this game, I have 121 hours on FTL and 42 on RimWorld,I love both and yes this this is RimWorld in space while borrowing from FTL space-related problems (oxygen supply, firestarts, warp drive, trading, spaceships combats with weapons, shields), the crew specialization and the survival mechanics.I like this game very much, I like the engine, which never crashed (I'm playing on Linux), I think it's wrote from scratch and I like the ability to resize the window over multiple screens so I can keep the various UI elements on the secondary one.It's in Early Access and the Dev / Devs are updating it often, have great communication and are supporting, fixing little bugs.So all in all I hope this game to fail otherwise I'll lose my gf and job."
76561198025974636,Recommended,574760,33273356,Posted: 5 July,all,Tkod,The difficulty and resource availability needs to be balanced out better. it could also use a tutorial system and an better UI. Aside from that its a promising game. lovee it
76561197970325436,Recommended,574760,33267006,Posted: 5 July,all,Spoonbandit,"Wow jesus, prepare to be slapped down by the rng gods, in a big way. It's a fun game, but ♥♥♥♥ me if you don't do your homework you are in for some pain. Know what your loadout requires. Would kill for some sort of planning tool to get a ship layout formed.Hour one right here:1st ship, just enough materials for basic♥♥♥♥♥♥ went through two asteroid fields got 5 metal. Ship blew up passing yellow star2nd ship, 2 minutes in, first enounter with another ship, they powered up weapons. Jump drive not charged I died.3rd ship, made decent headway, built 2 mining lasers, 15 seconds later big asteroid hit ship, lost 3 components, couldnt run heat sinks. Ship burnt out with 1/0 heat.4th ship, actually going alright, about to build 3rd and 4th heatsink, even had a weapon...blue star murdered ship at 80/10 heat5th ship, 3 minutes in big asteroid obliterated ship.Can't wait to actually live more than 15 minutes"
,Recommended,574760,33394144,Posted: 8 July,all,NiHZ,"Game is very Early Access. Buggy and unbalanced, but the dev is fixing it quick as a lil bunny with feedback from players. Don't buy it if you think you can't handle a game in its early stages. There was a brief period where surviving the first ten minutes was next to impossible, but that's been turned right around. It's still a challenge, but it's not a Dark Souls kinda challenge. By which I mean impossible because ""Working As Intended"".So far, it's already looking great. It's definitely worth what I paid for it. I see a lot of people complaining about having to manually mine things, but I disagree. I think it puts a bit of real time action into a game that could just be about sitting there -eventually- adding new things. If you need to take a break from mining for a second to queue up some things, just hit pause. On that note, though, I will admit that mining is getting to a point where I wish I could automate it just because I've gotten tired of doing it. I feel that there needs to be more options for mining. Some way to break up the endless grind.But yes, I recommend it for anyone who doesn't mind early access games that could be buggy at any moment. It's a great way to support an active developer for a game that looks like it'll develop into something incredibly solid."
76561198111126717,Recommended,574760,33432388,Posted: 10 July,all,Slyjoker,"1ST impression was terrible..... i kept dying every 2 to 3 mins.... and had to start over every time.... the learning curve is not bad but it is when you die so quick and back to zero.....but thats when i realized what rimworld has that this doesnt..... quick save (auto save).... yes..... if you want to have fun with this game (which by the way this is a great game for early access) you need to make it a habit to save EVERY time you get a warning.....Meteor shower! (save)star incoming (save)some ship is following you guessed it.... save!why?> because soo many things can go wrong like over heating your ship on a lucky meteor shower to get that nice metal and loose all your mining guns..... yes that is game losing right there! or even worst being attack by an enemy ship and warp FTL out of there to realize you left your ENTIRE crew behind!!!! yes that happened to me.....also have 3 different saves.... unlike rimworld where events are random and you can get lucky to change events here they seem to be preset, they are ramdom but you keep getting the same ones..... so if 3 enemy ships will attack you in a row even if you load game those 3 consecutive will attack you....TL:DR save before or/and after each event (got a lucky gather on ores save!) once you are able to load the game where you were on your feet and even to prevent those 3 ships that decided to attack you in a row if you have multiple save files you can load accordingly to prepare againts those fights (you cant load your self out of certain events like those 3 ships for me....)couple things this game is missing is end game, some bosses here and there would be nice and definitely more events! currently we only got 3  other thant that this game is looking AWESOME!and Tynan Sylvester if you are reading/playing this game take some emotions from this game!being able to see your peoples mood rather than clicking on them to inspect them is a plus!yes your guys will smile frown and show anger!!!(and vise versa! you currently cant inspect characters in game, watching 5 or 6 bars doesn't really tell me much)hate to criticize on EA games but i got nothing but love for this game and want this to be great!"
76561198042673527,Recommended,574760,33825049,Posted: 26 July,all,[BBG]HacaPotato,It says I recommend it but in reality you should wait a couple months for the game to get a few more updates. At the moment RNJesus can kill you if the learning curve doesn't. The game has alot of potential though and I really hope the developer continues.
76561198064642386,Not Recommended,574760,33357105,Posted: 7 July,all,LupisVolk,"This game is a cross of FTL and Rim World but with the RNG we all know and love but turned up to the point that the game is unplayable.A soild game for Early Access but the RNG needs to be tonned down massively, not even RImworld is this much of a prick when it's RNG kicks in.Unlike Rimworld which  allows you to bumble about this game punishes you for not knowing the exact build order, which is rather dickish and unfair.Heat generation is off the charts, you need your ship to be filled with heat sinks to mine in the early game with out buring brighter than any star you'll encouter.UI is manageable but it being streamlined would be nice for later on.Overall i want to like this game but the RNG is what kills it for me. I will however keep playing to try and see if it's a case of i need to ""git gud"" or if the game is just really, really RNGesus heavy.Edit #1: Even with a rather helpful guide the early game is still unplayable because of the broken RNG. Will wait for 12 days for it to be fixed before i submit a refund."
76561198142145252,Recommended,574760,33337038,Posted: 7 July,all,Dche1l,"I really really like this game, but its incredibly difficult its almost to frustraiting to play. Just trying not to get hit by asteroids is enough, after the couple of times it wrecks your ship it doesnt make you want to contuine.I would still reccomend this game after a few..maybe difficulty adjustments. Im just a casual player, i felt it was to difficult to sit down and play for awhile"
76561198007178612,Recommended,574760,33301437,Posted: 5 July,all,Diarmuhnd,"Yarp i like this ~ the price is low, the game play is hard but not impossible.i played 10 hrs so far & i'm looking forward to playing more.i don't even have any weapons .. BUCKAROO BONZAI !!!!!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=965768294Looking forward to seeing this game develop, its worth supporting & only time will tell if the Dev sticks to it untill the end. Hope he does, so far this game is a casual nail biter !! <';;,>----------------edit: finished my 1st ship before an update wipe.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=974217169the pirate flagship LillBooty"
76561197985745958,Recommended,574760,33449592,Posted: 11 July,all,Moustache Ride,Good first step. Difficulty needs to be adjustable.
76561198111074702,Recommended,574760,33898525,Posted: 29 July,all,KOBKED-X,"A good little game that is getting better each patch.Iwould love to see Alien Ships and maybe Player Co-Ops or PvP matches. I have no idea if the dev[s] share my wish but, heres hoping!Good Game, got on a sale, well worth ot IMO. [I sugest you watch an Aavak lets play before buyng it as it may not be your type of game, who knows :)"
76561198178103787,Recommended,574760,33336382,Posted: 7 July,all,jesustreu,"A really nice and fun game. Building, mining, planning, macro management and more - I really like it!(Though little suggestion for improvement included below.)I am not in line with most of the negative reviews, because:- Features: The game is still in development (when you buy an ""early access"" game, you should accept this). Additional content like bit more of a story-setting&target, etc. might (hopefully) be added in future.- Bugs: Again, the game is ""early access"" AND just released as such 2 days ago - so of course it will need (and certainly get) continuously fixes and updates.- Difficulty: I personally like to have the challenge. I will have to see, how I judge the difficulty when progressing more further the game.Hint @developers: For better accessibility and adressing to larger group of players, it might be a good idea though, to implement different difficulty settings to be selected in the game options."
76561197967219542,Not Recommended,574760,33347508,Posted: 7 July,all,maverickwoe,"After 4 sessions at this game and one balance patch.My first feelings of the game are that the idea is interesting and I will keep following the game though it requires a too intense involvment from the player to guess everything by failures and deaths.This game is not forgiving and will not even try to guide you in its curent state which makes it painful to play with.Examples:- Build laser and vents, start mining,  --> dies of overheating- Restart and mine less --> dies of lack of food- Build hull to have space to build water and food... ok, but cannot put floor ?! --> dies- Build hull, build door toward empty hull space so that I can build floor --> Oxygen vents out --> dies- Focus on hull, floor --> dies from lack of food and water- builds water and food anyway, tries to build extension of hull, the water dispenser does not complete for some unknown reason --> dies- Randomly meets a star without enough vents --> diesBasically, this game is the random death generator :-DIt is not user friendly, has poor interface in its current EA stateTherefore, I will wait for the coming months and updates to see how the game evolve from there.The good news is that the developer seems quite active and I'm sure he will do a great job but way too early to recommend that game."
76561198001284031,Recommended,574760,34831832,Posted: 9 September,all,Justin,"This is early access, so not finished, but it is a lovely little game that has apparently been delayed in its development due to the dev having a baby. That is the sort of situation people should try and support, not moan about.It is worth the money as it stands. There is a lot of content here and much to play with. I am finding it quite difficult, but then I like that. There are huge numbers of starship systems to play with and, while the total lack of tutorial is a problem it is not too hard to wor out what is going on(tricky to survivbe of course).It has been compared to FTL and Rimworld a lot. I found FTL really rather dull. Rimworld is really all about the dysfucntional charcaters, which this is not  - this game is its own thing, and very much about bodged together spacecraft in a really rather difficult fight to survive.Personally I will do what I always do with early access: buy, play for a bit, then come back when it is finished."
,Recommended,574760,33278515,Posted: 5 July,all,thebigstickihityouwith,"This game in unfeasibly hard and still has balancing and bug issues. If you make all the right choices, have a huge load of luck, you might live for, oh, 20 or 30 minutes.I still recommend it.EDIT: The dev is clearly committed to balancing the gameplay, bug fixes and listening to the players. This game just keeps getting better (almost by the day).Brilliant game and brilliant dev."
76561198009709574,Recommended,574760,33275751,Posted: 5 July,all,FSK 23 | nevil994,"So before you buy this game:1. It is Early Access for a reason.2. You have to learn, how to play.3. It is sometimes frustrating.But it is a nice game and his developer is really into his game and the community.So it is  an FTL without Story and map till now , with a lot more customisation.You can build your ship from scratch/scrap (have to...) and the resource managment is demanding a lot of you.I like it ."
76561197978437474,Recommended,574760,33377061,Posted: 8 July,all,leachicm,"Work in progress, of course. Game is playable if you take the time to think things out and be patient. Its kinda like doing a model kit for the first time. Save often and avoid fights but keep in mind a game bug might get in your way once in awhile. I recommend it for people that like challenges and like epxerimenting a bit. I haven't had it that long and there's already a few patches."
76561198147711194,Recommended,574760,33381820,Posted: 8 July,all,deathcaster,"I like this game, am having alot of fun with it, the dev updates very fast, and really it doing a good job. I wish people would stop with the ""It's too hard"" because it is an ALPHA build, give the dev a chance to add stuff, and fix bugs etc.. The game is very playable as is, but there is not much to do after you build your ship up. Again this is an early alpha build. Keep up the good work :)"
76561197961233616,Recommended,574760,33364670,Posted: 7 July,all,Sisirinthanic,"This is a pretty darn good game. Learning curve is a bit steep, but all in all, worth figuring out, Otherwise, i can't seem to stop playing..."
76561198001025044,Recommended,574760,33360047,Posted: 7 July,all,Kailen_,Barebones but totally worth it. Developer answers question on reddit constantly and seem to push out balance updates and bug fixes daily.
,Recommended,574760,33315980,Posted: 6 July,all,Herr.Lich,"Deutsches Review hier drunterEnglish--------After release difficulty is drastically higher. Personally I'm happy it was tweaked upwards, but imho now it's a bit over the top.Of course there are still balancing issues and bugs, for example a moved UI after saving/loading a game, missing UI on alien encounters, issues with the priority of fire fighting.BUT keep in mind this is alpha and was released to early access two days ago and while there are still problems its incredible fun (although pretty challenging atm) and has (imho) the potential to become a really big indie hit :)A little side note: search reddid for this game. The dev is pretty active there and reacts to feedback really really quick.Deutsch---------Mit Release knackig schwer geworden.Und natürlich gibt es noch Probleme mit Balancing und kleinere Bugs, wie verschobenes UI nach Laden eines Spielstandes, allgemein vermisstes UI, Probleme mit dem Priorisieren von Feuerbekämpfung...Trotzdem mega spaßig, und hat definitiv das Potential, richtig groß rauszukommen.Für ne Alpha und 2 Tagen im EA durchaus angemessen.Wer damit nicht klar kommt, sollte eben die Finger von Early Access Titeln lassen, für negative Reviews habe ich absolut kein Verständniss.Auf reddid mal nach dem Spiel suchen, der Entwickler ist dort sehr aktiv und reagiert zügiger auf Vorschläge/Feedback als manche AAA-Titel Produzenten. :)"
,Recommended,574760,33319830,Posted: 6 July,all,Kharakian,Most of the negative reviews are about the early difficulty. That will be quickly solved by changing some numbers by the dev (who is listening to feedback). The game loop it self is fun.
76561197986515414,Recommended,574760,33321909,Posted: 6 July,all,Surprise(>^.(>°.°)>,So far this is lots of fun for me. It has some annoying bugs that seem to pop up as others get fixed but once they figured that out I'd say thats 10 bucks well spent ^^
76561198138561245,Recommended,574760,34978033,Posted: 15 September,all,SweeterDieter,"Just wanted to say I don't understand all the negative ""this game is too hard"" comments, I did fine on my first run and got a decent sized ship up without much of a problem. Maybe I just got lucky, but I found the difficulty of the ships that came up to me was pretty well balanced. Stopped playing because I was getting towards the end of the research tree and it was just kind of a grind. Gets pretty repetitive after a while, I mean there is really only two things that happen, asteroids and other ships. Overall, I think this is a pretty cool game and I am looking forward to more content being added!"
,Not Recommended,574760,33572805,Posted: 15 July,all,Roxolan,"Cannot recommend it in its current state, even as a fan of the genre(s). It's trying to mix FTL with Rimworld, but is not yet anywhere near as fun as either.Resource-gathering is tedious, progress is very slow, combat is brainless, and there are no random events / loot to spice things up and make runs different from each other.I expect all those things will be improved upon, and I hope I'll have cause to update this review. Save your money until then."
76561198065498812,Recommended,574760,33783832,Posted: 25 July,all,joe.ewins,"I will give a thumbs up to any game which costs me less than £1 per hour of play. After 31 hours of play, this game is now over for me.It suffers from the problem that once you get over the hump there is not any point playing, this is a common problem in survival games once you have figured out how to survive.Pros- to begin with its a real struggle.- learning how to make a ship that works is fun and failure is normally quick (ship 1, caught fire while everyone was outside then exploded, ship 2, ran out of stuff and starved, ship 3, destroyed by pirates) and the things you did wrong are normally fairly obvious.- making ships is fun, upgrading parts is satisfying. having enough power for 4 chain guns and 7 mining lasers does force a grin.Cons- do not buy this game if having your hard work destroyed annoys you because it will happen.- its probably unplayable without watching someone play it on youtube firstDesign things i did not like- the shield bubble is always a circle, as a result my long thin ship got to a situation where the front mounted mining lasers had no chance of destroying the asteroids before they hit the shields. so every asteroid field would result in having no shields at all. this was not a problem for the ship when it was shorter.- Peeps not putting out fires. i had a guy sitting at a mining console next to a medium reactor that was on fire, while i was not mining, and he just ignored it.- i might have missed it, but i could not find a way of assigning people to the jobs they were good at. maybe its hidden in the ui?Long term replay-ability.For me the game lasted 30 hours. I had a lot of fun, i had a couple of moments of extreme frustration, I mined a lot of rocks. But i have finished it now and wont be making a return unless there is a bunch of interesting extra stuff added.overall, at this stage in development, its a well crafted little game and worth £9. If you like this kind of thing then its worth a go."
,Recommended,574760,33373514,Posted: 8 July,all,twister1279,"The game is in early access, and you can tell that, but that has not stopped me from dumping a ton of time into it already. I thought I had a good setup with the time that I have played, and then I'll see what some other people have done and its like nothing!The dev is super active and is putting out hotfixes / new updates every day so far, so hes in this for the long term.Game is a bit punishing at the moment, but once you can break the starting hump, it becomes super easy to play, and you know exactly how you have to set up. There are plans to expand, and as it currently sits, I would definitely recommend the game since this is a game I have been looking for, for ages!"
76561197970497094,Not Recommended,574760,33596948,Posted: 16 July,all,SpectreWolf,"Too much struggle just to attempt to make baby steps.  Everything ends on fire, starved, and dead.You want heat sinks? Hope you like everyone starving to death while you try to build them.Would rather build food and water first?  Too bad, not enough roomWant to build a little more room, then build food and water?  Too bad, you're out of materials.Might play this game in the future of there is some actual balancing.  (not slight balance adjustment of now you're slightly less on fire)....If you liked spacebase DS-9... wait until they've fixed this game before you buy it."
76561198118959084,Recommended,574760,33923541,Posted: 31 July,all,Zarniwoop,"I like it, it's rock-hard.Has the aesthetic of Rimworld meeting FTL but kicks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you more like Dorf Fortress might."
76561198007576630,Recommended,574760,33296484,Posted: 5 July,all,Nuker,"The game is promising. Please add more 'rpg' features, such that we actually care about the crew."
,Not Recommended,574760,33976134,Posted: 2 August,all,vvbudh,"Much much much improved from launch. Well done. Still, kinda boring, needs more content and maybe some random events to pop up like FTL."
76561198028300314,Recommended,574760,33325426,Posted: 6 July,all,Shayul,"Frustratigly hard, this game is in need of some serious ballance. Having said that I do like it and lookforward to seeing its devlopment.Show this dev some love and support him :)"
76561198067934030,Not Recommended,574760,33621903,Posted: 17 July,all,yiffy1990,"SHORT FORMCons:the game is to overly punishing for no reasonthe asteroid rng breaks the mechanic of the gameenemies tend to be unrealistic on how they got their weaponsPros:has potental to be a great gameinteresting conseptwill remind you of ftlVERDICT:this game is far too young to be on steamand is not developed enough to be considered for steamnone of the other reviewers will say other wise,keep an eye on this game but don't buy it till the game mechanic is fixed.I played this game thinking it would be tough like ftl, ya ok I can handle that. what i got is an overly punishing game that punishes you constantly to the point where it's impossible to play the game. For instance the mechanic of the game is to mine asteroid to build and improve your ship, ok thats a good idea for a game mechanic , but when you make it so you have a higher chance to mine a asteroid that has nothing in it then mining one that has stuff you can use the mechanic of the game becomes broken. i had one instance where i got nothing from any of the asteroid I mined and ended up dying becuase of it. the only way for this game mechanic to work is if you have a guaranteed chance to get 1 of the 4 resources in the game. other wise the player becomes confused on what they did wrong, at no point should it be the games fault the player died, it should be the players fault they died not the game, but it seem in this game you have no way to survive unless you use a cheat engine then the game becomes bearable."
76561197984972742,Recommended,574760,34070676,Posted: 6 August,all,elipod,"It's very early, very rough. AI derps often call for micromanagement and there's currently only three event types to deal with, mostly, just survive and grow bigger. But concept was interesting enough to get it in early stage. 19 hours were played, according to steam, will return to it after some updates."
76561198013792268,Not Recommended,574760,33380196,Posted: 8 July,all,UnknownAl,"This game would be great if you didn't die by a random fire which your crew doesn't want to put out, even when heat is alright fires will start and at some point your crew will refuse to put it out. game breaking bug that makes you unable to play longer then an hour at the time."
76561198072072073,Not Recommended,574760,33339387,Posted: 7 July,all,Elsworth,"Improved,but still not playable.The asteroids have a deadly effect on the journey to survive. A certain hit could totally destory the weak resource blance on the tiny starter ship. If a asteroid hit one of your solar panel(it will surely destory the item, in fact ,most of your equipment cannot survive a single asteroid hit), you energy output decrease, and some of your equipment stop working duel to the energy shortage.What make things worse is that you are not likely to have resource to rebuild your solar panel, for the resources are too hard to obtain--the only methed to get metal and silico is to mine the asteroids. And back to that LUCKLY SHOOT we have described so far, actually, you can get your lovely crew members die in the cold cruel space even through you got enough resource and ready to rebuild all the losses caused by the asteroid LUCKLY SHOOT--this LUCKLY SHOOT can hit straight to the shipcore and destory the entire ship at once. I am pretty sure most of the play cannot be lucky enough to survive until they finally get a shield on the little ship(I'm not sure weather the shield could protect my ship for the LUCKLY SHOOT, I never survive that long.An other chanllenge that make the game annoy is the stars. Your little ship randomly pass neer a star and casue overheat and fire on borad. As far as I play, his is a pure panishment element. No resource or banifit could be yeild from this dengerous path near the star. Last patch improve the resource income so player could ready themselves for the chanllenge, but still a silly and boring gameplay.The resource income is still too low for a decent gameplaySome of the devices and equipments take up the few blocks a starter ship have, and prevent crew member to pass. This design greatly slow down the expand of the little ship,besause player must build much more hulls and floors than he actually want. and spend a great amount of resources.=======================================after the second patch , the game is still not playable.crew members act too slow to the tasks and conditionstrade system is nearly meanless, because the random trader just not going to provide the resource you want. and the most silly design is you can only trade the hole bundle of budgt for good , thus you cant decide how many resource you want to trade. Whomever design this function shall be fire in any develop groupmining laser take up a great deal of resource that the play can only access this amout of resource by chance. you need at lest 3 mining laser to deal with astroids ,that means 4 heat vent, 4 solar panel, 4cpu, whitch means a lot of resource annd space. In most of gameplay, you cannot obtain.even through you are lucky enough this time ,buld up 3 mining laser, a single hostile can easily destory your effort. since you have put the best of your work on mining sys, you are not likly to have a decent amount of reserve credit, and lack in research. when hostile pup up, you can't fight .bribe nor escape. Even save & load can not save you-- the random seed seems fixed--another meanless and annoy designThat's all so far================================Through, if you have a really lucky start off, the game is pretty fun dispite the lack of events.I'm flying a spaceship whitch met no messive huge astroids bombardment, no arm-to-teeth hostiles, and lucky enough to obtain resource in the early stage.now on a pleasent farming travel=====================Need auto-saving function===============================After several patchs ,the only way to survive is still-------LUCKThe developor has tweaked some of the arguments ,such as hostile arm rate, mining effeciency.But recently, they added a design that crew cunsume more(actually ,much, much more)food and water if moral is low.In early game, the limited resource just prevent player to provide a good enviroment for crew to keep them in high moral.This cause a chain effect. As your crews get hungry much earlier, you need to build food distribute and water cooler to provide access to meal and drink. Since you start with a escape pod that have  NO AVAILABLE SPACE for additional devices( will, you do have three, but the ship core take up one------whitch is actually complertely useless in the game------the airlock downbelow take up one, because any divice build beside the airlock  will block this only exit for your crew to proform EVA), so you can only build temporary device , when you need your crew to proform EVA, you have to recycle it until you expand your ship, whitch means you must collect a  lot of resource. To be honest, that number can only reached by LUCK. Do remember, your crews are now geting hungry and thirsty much more rapidly, and you are not likely to upgrade your mining sys if you are not LUCK enough to meet enough RIGHT astorids(mining a astorid is like opening a treasure chest, whitch turn out nothing very often), and meet enough RIGHT trader.Oh one thing: the traders ,they still insist to sell you11 metal or nothing when you only want or afford 10.That is what I mean, not RIGHT."
76561198082024359,Recommended,574760,33437955,Posted: 10 July,all,Apophis,This game is very very hard!!!A level of difficulty must be implemented.
,Not Recommended,574760,33834832,Posted: 27 July,all,Konrad,Game is buggy and lacks content in its current state.
76561198006832392,Recommended,574760,35248852,Posted: 27 September,all,SgtRoidz,Quite a short game in it's current state. 15 hours and i'm done. A good fun 15 hours though :)
76561198008854307,Recommended,574760,33316757,Posted: 6 July,all,kyaace,Very promisisng game. Current version is Early Access and very much so. The game is receiving balancing passes pretty frequently. The Dev seems very responsive to critism. I'd suggest only getting it in Early Access if you can stand bugs or some RNG fueled losses. I look forward to seeing how this game evolves.
76561198017630096,Recommended,574760,33267309,Posted: 5 July,all,ExOTeX,"Im going to echo what most people say of the game. This is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of FTL and Rimworld!There is a steep learning curve and no tutorial. It is also very difficult! Which can be very frustrating having to start over and over and over again. Sometimes because of silly things like having no cargo hold!I know this game is in early access but it has great potencial and that's why im rating it positively. There are bugs and the one I've stumbled across doesnt allow me to load my saves for some reason. So if you dont like dealing with early access issues, dont get this, yet.All in all, fun game. 5/7 will restart again I guess :/"
,Recommended,574760,33372529,Posted: 8 July,all,wharding,"As others have said. EA status applies to this game. That said, it's a solid release for an EA title.The dev is amazing and extremely active. Reddit and steam conversations are bringing up issues and suggestions for fixes and ideas. And this dev is very open to them all.Is it hard? Brutally so. But I would say that of FTL and Rimworld. Is it unbalanced? Yes but I have a feeling that will be worked out as it progresses through EA.As it stands right now, I am more than happy to spend $11.99 and support this developer so they can devote more time to this great gem. You can see the love they have for this game.So my recommendation is, if you understand this is EA and not the final product then yes. If you are expecting a full finished product then hold off until it comes out of EA or to a time when you feel the game is more finished."
76561198000163838,Recommended,574760,34891059,Posted: 11 September,all,Quaero,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1133366522I am writing this review after putting about 50+ hours into the game and basically getting to the point where I can withstand any enemy attack the game throws at me.  It took a lot of trial and error, restarting multiple times, and reloading saves to get there.  The game is early access and there are quite a few bugs.  Once you get past that you have a wonderful game that in some ways reminds me of FTL, only I get to build my ship how I want.  You have crew members who level up stats as they perform tasks, you have various weapons and defenses for your ship.  You can choose to fight, bribe, or warp jump away in combat situations.  You have ships that wish to buy/sell resources and crew members.The game is very difficult at first, until you get in the mindset of building stuff that you need and then removing it only after you have resources to start expanding your ship.  You constantly need to balance your research between weapons, defenses, and upgrades for ship components.  As you build the size of your ship, you encounter bigger and bigger enemy ships.  This type of game may not be for everyone, but I have had a very enjoyable (sometimes frustrating) time learning and playing this game and am eagerly looking forward to what this game will become in the future.  Don't give up on it after dying for the 5th+ time early on.  It takes some patience and luck with mining asteroids to get the resources you need to build.  In the end, I am very happy I took a chance on this game and see myself coming back to it again and again."
,Recommended,574760,33338768,Posted: 7 July,all,Pirdy,"The game doesn't have a lot of depth currently, but has a frame work for what could be an epic game. I have already got my money's worth and look forward to further updates.This game does currently have a steep initial learning curve, but once you've got the basics down, the game becomes easy."
76561198041192213,Not Recommended,574760,33580121,Posted: 16 July,all,Hurumpf,"I really want to like this game but in its current state it just isn't really any fun. It's a slog to get resources and however well you are doing there is going to be a more powerful enemy that will trash your ship, kill your crew and send you into an unrecoverable downward spiral. These enemy crews repair their ship and weapons faster than 5 lasers can take them down so most battles so far have ended when the enemy ship gets bored and leaves and I know how it feels. You can then repair the ship just in time to get a kicking all over again.Meanwhile your food and water have run out because there's been no asteroid containing water in 3 fields and the crew member producing food does so, so slowly that any time you go to red alert to fight a hostile ship you fall behind with production.The game of course is still in early access and I'm sure things will change as the game develops and I'm not ready to give up on it yet. I think I'll just wait a while until a few updates time and try again"
76561197984040110,Recommended,574760,33681707,Posted: 20 July,all,The Mighty Georg,"Alpha Review (1 week or so after steam release)Amazing for an alpha release. Not a great deal of content, but has strong potential and I have yet to run into any game breaking bugs.I've never played rimworld but i have over 250 hours in FTL and I totally get the same vibe in this game. My guess is if you enjoyed FTL, you will enjoy this as I am.I'm 15 or so hours in, with many restarts. Yes, the early game can be quite hard (with no tutorial at present) but guides on steam will help you through this. Just like FTL it can be brutal, and what? I like the fact that danger is around every corner. At present you can autosave, re-load to your hearts content anyway, or you can enjoy it ironman like me. Whatever floats your boat.There have been a few updates since release and I hope for many more.At present I feel money well spent (with hope on large development)"
76561197971951902,Recommended,574760,33652741,Posted: 19 July,all,SaturnFX,"Early game and very fantastic. It can be hard as a box of nails to begin and learn the ropes, but rewarding. So far, only 4 main things happen (firefight, stars, asteroids, and trade) but even with such minimalistic aspects, its still fun to try and make a sustainable ship.  I look forward to future releases with more content and would recommend this to pick up for anyone who likes what may be turning into rimworld in space"
76561198129603209,Recommended,574760,33417450,Posted: 9 July,all,Alshenso,"It's pretty cool, Hard as hell at first but eventually you'll figure it out. A tutorial is in the works down the line so that'll make it easier. Those that complain there's no tutorial... well there's this giant box right above the little buy button that warns this is early access."
76561198002555743,Recommended,574760,33389006,Posted: 8 July,all,panpiper,"Apparently I just played this for twelve hours straight today, since I woke up. Any game that can get me to do that deserves a two thumbs up from me.At this early point in the game's development, the game is 'hard'. I had loads of difficulty the day previous making all sorts of errors and stumbling my way through the learning curve, but the game kept me none the less. Today I've kept the same ship for these whole twelve hours, and I might even soon get to the point where I am not running from every fight. ;-)"
76561197976455838,Recommended,574760,33265016,Posted: 5 July,all,Khashai,"This is a revised and updated review.Earlier I had marked this game as not recommended. Earlier was 5 minutes before the developer patched it.My earlier non-recomendation was due to extreme difficulty immediately after the game hit Early Access. That has been resolved, and as promised I am updating this review ro reflect my current feelings on the game.This game has a lot of potential, however it is difficult, though not impossible. You will likely loose a few times before you get the hang of things. A tip I will give is that if you can afford to do so, you will likely want a laser turret early on, as you can use it to help take out asteroids which would otherwise cause damage to sensitive components, such as CPU Arrays and Solar Panels (Which are critical components, but also very weak). Make sure you also invest in heat vents as you can afford to do so.There are some limitations in the current version, such as not being abble to move components, which will cause you some struggles, but if you are careful with yoru resource management, you can work around this.Bug-wise, I have seen some minor issues that seem to happen when you use UI scaling, but these are not major, just visual. Be aware of course, since this is early access, bugs will happen.At this time, I recommend the game, but be aware that it does have a learning curve, no real tutorial to speak of, and is still in active development."
76561198040517344,Not Recommended,574760,33491291,Posted: 12 July,all,mattm919,"Worth Playing ONLY with some major balance overhaulsThe Good News....This game has SO MUCH POTENTIAL...The Bad News....At the moment, this game is a hot mess, and for those of you who will read this and then go on to play it, you'll understand that when I say that it is a hot mess, I mean it literally...   FIRE, SO MUCH BLOODY FIRE!But most of this unpolished gems problems stem simply from balance issues and with a few tweaks, this game could actually be really great.Here is what I mean by that.In order to get new materials to build your ship up, you first need a mining laser.    In order for your mining laser to work without overheating and either destroying itself or blowing up your entire ship, you need to buy a heat sink.  1 can work, but you have to be REALLY careful, so you usually need 2. But for the sake of this review, let’s say you went minimalistic and you enjoy having to stop firing your laser every 5 seconds and let it cool down for an equivalent 5 seconds before you begin mining once again.So now you have your mining laser and your heatsink but then you realize, you don't have enough solar panel arrays to run them both at the same time, so you now need that as well.  But wait, now you can't run all of those without a new CPU processing array.  So in order to simply get out of the gate... and begin to just collect new materials, over half of my starting metal and nearly all of my starting silicon (2 of the 3 minable building materials) are gone.But let’s say you do all this and successfully get everything up and running.  You are now at your first asteroid field and you begin mining...   Well IF you went the minimalistic approach and only built one heatsink, it is takes forever to break a single small asteroid (they come in 3 varying sizes at first, small medium and large. different skins, but 3 size classes).However, instead of simply being able to mine out an asteroid you first must destroy it using that laser and PRAY TO WHATEVER GOD YOU CAN THINK OF (in my case it's the RNG god, but hey, to each his own) that once that asteroid breaks some floating metal (red), silicon (blue), gold (yellow), or ice (light blue) will pop up.  Which, and here is more of those balancing issues again, it is more common however that the asteroid will instead just blow up into 3 smaller grey hunks of rock.  Leaving you with nothing but an overheating spaceship and the frustration as you watch all the other asteroids that you could've been targeting instead, slowly drift away knowing full well that it will leave your mining laser's range long before your pathetic and slow as crap laser could ever hope to break it.So instead you focus on a new one ahead, pushing forward, letting the past go, and facing the new asteroid facing you down frontier ahead.  But be careful, because those little asteroids hit back.  If you ignore one that is in your path, it has a chance to hit your ship, and destroy some of your equipment, and if that happens, you might as well start over.  Because as stated earlier, if you lose one of those, nothing else will work, and you don't have enough materials left over to build a new one.   So instead of focusing on one asteroid to break it open and collect its hidden goods, you instead are constantly having to change your target to avoid being hit, and more often than not, the asteroid barreling down on you is WAAAY too big for your diddly little mining laser to even hope to make a dent on it.  Leaving you again praying to the RNG gods to spare your little ship and hope the asteroid misses you.But you do all that... avoid big asteroids, persevere through all the empty asteroids and finally... FINALLY that little hunk of blue, red, or yellow rock finally appears... It is so great... that is until you start to mine it and all you get is 1 - 3 more metal (3 only if you're incredibly lucky)...  (BALANCE ISSUE) So you did all that work, balanced your heat output, manned your laser, focused your fire, and was rewarded with not even enough material to do anything with.So you think to yourself, okay, you are supposed to start out slow.  Totally okay, We'll take this one asteroid field at a time and build our way up to a second laser, maybe a gun to help break those big rocks faster.  And that is when all those previous little balance issues begin to sneak back up on you.  An additional mining laser, more metal and silicon, but that needs more heatsinks, but you can't run all this new stuff without additional CPU panels and Solar panels.  All of which cost more metal, silicon, and gold.And this is when even more problems begin to arise.  Your people need to eat and drink... well guess what, that means you need to build a food dispenser (fancy name for a vending machine) and a water cooler.  But those need a tile inside the ship to be placed.  Which means you are going to need to expand your ship and give your little guys the space they need.  But guess what, it’s too expensive, and oh wait, does that mean I now need more CPU panels and Solar arrays? YUP! So there goes more materials, you don't have.And all this is just so your little men don't blow up, starve, or die of thirst in the first 15 min of the game.But let’s say you get INCREDIBLY LUCKY, and you manage to get all this up and running.  You begin the painfully slow process of mining without worry for the first time in the game, with future dreams of saving up enough to potentially get that research station you so desperately need to upgrade your laser, or panels, maybe a new weapon to help you destroy the ever growing asteroids that keep destroying your solar arrays, forcing you to spend more precious materials to rebuild it.  It’s all going well, slow, but well, when.... YOURE UNDER ATTACK!!! A new ship has arrived and is shooting at you.You try shooting back, only to realize your mining laser has no effect on their ship, and your actual weapon (if you were smart enough/lucky enough to build/afford one) does less damage per second than their engineers can repair.  You do 1 - 2 damage per shot (if you don’t miss), they repair 1-2 damage in the same time cycle... Meaning, you literally can't do anything to them...  So they just keep shooting at you, with usually much upgraded weaponry that your engineers can't keep up with.  So you either pay their bribe, (which you can usually only afford to do once), die, or use your amazing FTL engines to JUMP and leave them in your dust....!!!!    OH WAIT... never mind.  Your ship has to be under a certain mass for the engine to jump drive, and with all those CPU arrays, Solar Panels, and extended hull for a water cooler and food dispenser, your ship is now too heavy, and can't jump...  And there is NO WAY you can afford a second engine, at this point.  So you are left to die, sad, alone and on fire.  EVERY DAMN TIME!Basically, to sum up the changes required JUST FOR THIS GAME TO BE PLAYABLEYou start with too few materials/not enough interior ship space to do anythingMaterial costs for buildable items is too highCPU/SOLAR Arrays either produce not enough, or everything else requires too muchMining laser is WAY to slow/doesn't do enough damage to asteroidsAmount of materials gained from each asteroid is WAY too littleHostile enemies appear too soon, and usually can straight up kill you, while you can do nothing to themJump Drive mass requirements are too highAll in all, this game has HUGE POTENTIAL, and it can be incredibly fun.  BUT! It needs major balance changes to get to that point.That all said, I am really looking forward to the future of this game and hopefully this game improves."
,Recommended,574760,33261236,Posted: 4 July,all,Ranzera,This game had a rocky release but the dev dialed back some of the resource scarcity. 1.0b is a pretty fun build. Challenging but playable. It looks like there is a lot of dev activity ironing out the bugs that crop up. Overall in a decent state now.
76561198038209093,Recommended,574760,33357655,Posted: 7 July,all,CATman4L,"Within the first 10 hours playing this you will die, a lot and again. Space is a challenge epecially to those unitiated in the ways of survival. but after you have found your footing, after you can scrap your way through you can exceed, and you won't realise you have been playing for 17 hours straight.The game already has a lot of good mechanics in it and you can see how it can be improved upon will surly become an amazing game, a lot of negative reviews because of its difficulty but its a mix between rimworld and FTL both of which are incredibly challanging games so i don't know what they were expecting, that being said it has been made easier in the early game for others which struggle and is being balanced and improved, people don't seem to know what early access means."
,Recommended,574760,33258918,Posted: 4 July,all,Shojun94,"Starship TheoryFor now this game seems to be very interesting, reasonable content for an early release, good soundtrack and animations. I'm compelled to recommend it over the promise it shows.As negative aspects I'd like to point out the absense of a tutorial (there's a fine community guide available though) and a VERY HARD start with no opportunity to choose an easier difficulty."
,Recommended,574760,33264821,Posted: 5 July,all,™TheInnsanity™,"This game is great!Been watching it for a couple weeks, when I saw an email that it was available for purchase!Currently I feel as though the start needs to be altered a bit, as it seems really luck based if you can get past the first couple stars, even after optimizing a build order.If I could make reccomendations to the dev, I'd say make the ship start as a 4x4 square without angled corners, because the first 3 minutes of every game so far is ""destroy corners, extend the front part, then quickly dismantle all the utilities on the walls to replace them onto the new borders"""
76561198014652303,Recommended,574760,33270773,Posted: 5 July,all,Jobe81,"Saw this game on YouTube. Wanted it so bad. Looked great. I downloaded it on the 4th and was horrified. The game was significantly different. Instead of a ""creative ship building roguelike game"" I ended up with a cookie cutter game where unless you do things in an exact order at exact times plus were lucky you lose.That being said the game developers were watching the release of the alpha. They quickly responded and corrected the core issues. This IS the game I had been waiting for now. Amazing game and fantastic to see responses to issues.Keep up the good work! I am not dissapointed."
76561197985801918,Recommended,574760,33281428,Posted: 5 July,all,LexC,"Ok, this is an Early Access game, if you are not in to slightly broken and unbalanced games, then probably avoid spending moneyon it for a bit. However, do add this to your Wishlist and keep an eye on it. With a more stable release you really should consider this game.At the moment the game is a bit hard fromn the beginning. You will lose your ship a few times until you get it just right enough to survive longer, saying that the dev is working on it with balancing patches within the hour of release in Early Access.If you love your Rimworld, Prizon Architect, FTL... Rogue Like Sims, then you will really like this game as it has amazing potential.I give it Thumbs Up because I am really enjoying it. And I know the Dev will keep making it better as time goes by."
76561198056073917,Recommended,574760,33326743,Posted: 6 July,all,psymon117,"Fun little game, but damn is it unforgiving, its like trying to build something with a guy who keeps slapping the bricks out of your hand and then sets it on fire, that being said i keep finding myself going back to it. Just needs a chance"
,Recommended,574760,33268866,Posted: 5 July,all,ethan24lutjen,"Cant last more than 5 minutes because my crew cant put out a fire. Too harsh. Needs more balancing for early game survival. I bought this because I love Rimworld and FTL and have high hopes for the game, as it is in early access I wont say it sucks, but in videos of older versions it was waaaaaaaaaay easier to start."
76561198085615435,Recommended,574760,33278929,Posted: 5 July,all,donkeyrider,"Amazing game, well put together, tons of potential. Yes, the game was difficult with the initial release but the developer responded to feedback the same day and already pushed an update. Easily worth the price in it's current build"
,Recommended,574760,33350167,Posted: 7 July,all,Dan,"Rimworld meets FTL, needs work but so far a great game, cant wait to see how it develops in the future."
76561198030994023,Recommended,574760,34894063,Posted: 11 September,all,ZombieSCOTT,"this game is not balanced correctley, impossible to get anything started, good concept, easy to play , but u get screwed every time, your sims dont always do what the should do... hope they fix this.... i think with a little work this would be a good game...."
,Recommended,574760,33759471,Posted: 23 July,all,Msatrokrm,"OkayThe game has potential. There is a learning curve since the game does not have any tutorials, but a few youtube vids will help that. The game, espicially once you get to the end where you basically can't get killed, bugs and glitches start to pop out. The firefighting mechanic of the game is bleh, it's almost at the edge of the cliff. It's playable, but it needs work, granted that it's still early acess.Great game, imop"
76561197967280654,Recommended,574760,33356137,Posted: 7 July,all,cardog,Fun lil gem and dev has fixed the 2 biggest problems i had with the game  (over brutal balance and ui windows reset everytime) in last 3 days after the issues were known .. thats damn fast! would definatly recomend
76561198036276567,Recommended,574760,33561586,Posted: 15 July,all,Rauth,"I'm a huge fan of FTL and RimWorld, so I was very excited to find a game that mixes both. Finally I am able to build my own starship and help the crew to survive. The difficulty of the game seems to be okay, but I would like to be able to expand my ship a little bit faster.For me the biggest hurdle is the UI at the moment. It looks good, but there are parts that are simply too small (e.g. these health and moral bars in the crew panel), symbols that are hard to distinguish and other parts that should be regrouped.Besides that it's already a nice game that is fun to play."
,Recommended,574760,34951102,Posted: 14 September,all,BlackDynamite,"Yes the game is a bit barren of content but that's what you are going to get with early access, as a person who has put 300 hours onto Rimworld I see this game being as addictive as Rimworld, the developer is busy as you can tell with having a child, but if you look at the complaints and the updates the developer is listening, I recommend this game because I love the hard learning curve this game offers you at the beginning (wish it would continue to mid and late game) but if you get this you'll just have to be patient with the updates."
,Not Recommended,574760,33609312,Posted: 17 July,all,Magoozle,"Has promise as a quick timesink after a bit more development, but currently not worth it."
76561198086243777,Recommended,574760,34959997,Posted: 14 September,all,War,"I dig games like this. I've been looking for a video game to play similar to Faster Than Light, and stumbled upon this particular game and felt it might be worth the try; I was correct. This is an interesting starship simulator. You can fight enemy ships, make deals with traders, farm asteroids for material. You are constantly upgrading and making your ship a little bit better every minute. Eventually a bigger fish comes along and destroys you.If you are a fan of F.T.L. or Convoy style games, I would highly reccommend you give it a try. The game is still being worked on by the creator, and updates continue to be made."
,Recommended,574760,33397147,Posted: 9 July,all,Dan Dixon,"I lost over 8 hours to this game today.It's like a more open-ended version of FTL, and I'm surprised the review scores aren't higher.While there is no tutorial, there's a good step-by-step survival guide that will walk you through what to do:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=969972180My biggest critique is that it's currently too hard and too slowly paced. Be sure to save often because you will die often. I ended up opening up using a hex editor on the save game files to unlock all of the technologies and I still found the game to be challenging.This game has great promise. Recommended."
76561198066276553,Recommended,574760,33418610,Posted: 9 July,all,Jollyroger,"This game is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It will give you optimism, joy and the briefest of moments...hope. And then it will crush your spirit. Like a vengeful RnGesus coming down, it will smile as it smites those who think themselves able to survive in space. This game is every bit of malice, sadism and evil you'd expect from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of FTL and Rimworld.And I can't get enough.This is the most solid $12 I've ever spent on Steam, the fact that it can only get better from here is amazing and I can't wait to see what's in store for this game and its developer. Time and again, I've been amazed by what good dev's can produce, thanks to early access. Keep on kicking♥♥♥♥♥and remember, getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you is part of the fun!(As for the 2.5 hours on my record as of this review, I played the crap out of this game on my buddy's pc, so it's more like 10 or 12 in total)"
76561198034910982,Not Recommended,574760,33498263,Posted: 13 July,all,The Rogue Spy,"At this current stage I have to say it's a no go from me. The game's there (if a bit lacking atm) and it's fun, but then there's the kick in the♥♥♥♥♥♥RNG. The best way to describe it is trying to climb up a muddy slope, most days it'll be difficult but there's fun to be had, and some days it'll rain out of nowhere, Florida style, triggering a mudslide while you're a quarter of the way invested into said slope.As many have pointed out before the only skill involved is in combat and ship design. That's where the fun is. Where the game falls off, and hard, is they entire other half of the game: Resources. Pray to your God every time you run low on a vital resource, because if RNG isn't in your favor you might as well restart your game buddy. Water can only be obtained through RNG (trading and mining), Food can be obtained by growing (2 water to 1 food) or RNG (trading). This game is at its core a slot machine.If you enjoy RNJesus punishing you for your sins, get this game. Otherwise wait for a few balance patches to work their magic."
,Recommended,574760,34054072,Posted: 5 August,all,spun430,Similar to FTL. Missing the story elements but it makes up for that by letting you completly build your own ship out. Start small and only build what you need at first. This looks like it has great potential!
76561198008498484,Recommended,574760,33425764,Posted: 10 July,all,crash,The moment when you warp the first time having crewmembers working on your ship and realize that they are lost forever.10/10 would warp again.
,Recommended,574760,33261031,Posted: 4 July,all,Landrick,"Great potentialChallenging, doesn't hold your handMix of FTL/Rimworld, but much more focused than the latterWould definitely recommend!"
76561197984645319,Not Recommended,574760,33390520,Posted: 8 July,all,Exothermic,"There are no propper tutorials. Not even written documentation. Player has no idea how the game works. I've played many space games, including Rimworld, FTL, and this game kind of has elements of both types of games but it falls far short of the substance of these more acclaimed titles. Come back to this game when it is more complete."
,Not Recommended,574760,33332778,Posted: 6 July,all,Baba Gump,Could be a good game if it was not so unbalanced.I died to asteroids.I cant jump to escape cuz my evade is -1 and you dont get the skill to evade at the startIf you chose to mine you die at the hand of the first pirate that has more than one gun.very frustrating game ill wait to see if it gets better but for now dont buy it
76561198015124934,Not Recommended,574760,33485063,Posted: 12 July,all,wolverine5pl,Very difficult game. You will die very often. Resource gatering very slow especially at the begining.Needs different lvl of difficulty. FOr now I will leave it. Will keep an eye on it tho
76561198126400235,Not Recommended,574760,33510751,Posted: 13 July,all,[TI]flamingtankX,It's a good idea but it is way too hard. I will be building my ship so i can make a food and water dispenser but suddenly everyone dies and my ship sponteously combusts. I would play it but its way too hard.
76561198023699445,Not Recommended,574760,33364012,Posted: 7 July,all,kasnavada,"This game could be good.Currently it's not.The high reported difficulty in the game beginning is basically due to 2 factors:- you don't know the game before you start it. There is no tutorial. There is no explanation about what does what. Yet there is 1 single build path and series of actions that will get you through the game. Only one.- the game beginning is random. Start with a huge asteroid on your path, and it hits a component that you can't replace ? You're dead.I can't understand how, in 2017, more than 30 years after video games become mainstream, people still don't include tutorials in video games.I can't understand how, after the large quantity of rogue-likes that came out, devs still do the mistake of putting fake difficulty at the start of their game so it looks like it's ""hardcore"", spawning ridiculous reviews like ""you need to use your brain"". Nope. There is one build path at start. Either you know it or you die. Also, you need to reactivate all tooltips at each restart of the game, and your toons don't come pre-assigned. So, every game start, not only you have to rebuild all the same parts in the same place, but you also have to redo your interface again and redo the toon assignment.There is also issues with game flow. Currently there is 4 ""events"" that can popo-up: asteroid field (only way to get ressources), sun (you will die if you didn't build have enough vents, have fun micro managing your toons because they are too dumb to move to fires), ship appearing, and nothingness. There are times where you spent litterally 2 minutes staring at the screen and nothing happens. This one's probably due to early access.Last, the mining mini-game. Not only there is one build path at the start, there is also one and only one action to do. Mine asteroids. And that's a luck game. Either you get enough silicium or metal to replace whichever part of your ship gets blown up by asteroids... or you die. And mining has to be done manually. And... it's boring. You also don't have a lot of margin nor choices here. You have to blow up the small & medium asteroids, ignore the large ones (you don't have the power to kill them), and hope you get enough ressources to build water dispenser, more energy, more CPU, food thingy, then lazors for when enemy come. The start is a race on which you have no control - get a series of 10 asteroids with no silicium ? You're screwed. Oh, and... you need about a dozen metal & silicium to build stuff. Mining gets ressources one by one.Maybe, maybe later when those get ironed out I'll buy this game again and regret the refund I just did, but I doubt it. Why ? Because, as it looks now, it's the game's vision that's wrong. The early game needs to be ironed out so that stuff happens, quests, events, whatever. The only ""choice"" there is for the first 10 minutes of the game basically is which asteroid to mine.Again, I stress what I think is the game's main issue. Video games existed for 30 years now. Even if your game's end-game is better than sex (which ain't the case), no one cares if the beginning is boring, unintuitive, or repetitive enough to make people flee."
,Recommended,574760,33341700,Posted: 7 July,all,Arky,"This game is absolutely what I want in a game, difficult as heck. Starship Theory drops you into the middle of a galaxy full of dangers, decompression, starvation, dehydration, one could even say as the god of your little crew, genocide.The game is new, in alpha, and is going to have some quirks. The devs plan to add better difficulty scaling for others that want less of a challenge, but for now even in the rough; Starship Theory looks promising."
76561198054468600,Recommended,574760,33266773,Posted: 5 July,all,Cute Hairy Man,"At its current state the game is way to hard, I would recommend by making the mining process give you more materials it would balance the game out quite nicely, as of current mining at early stages gives you next to nothing, before you can even get started building you usually get destroyed by a star or astroids."
,Recommended,574760,33287079,Posted: 5 July,all,Benjamin Magnus,"Like Rimworld and FTL had a baby. At the time of writing this I would equate what your looking at here as Rimwolrd about 18-24 months ago. Working, but bare, buggy, and in need of balance. The game is very unforgiving, with a stray asteroid easily able to end a few hours of gaming in a heart beat, or a pirate with guns showing up long before you have the oppertunity to denfed yourself.Still though, the potential is clearly here. I think in another year everyone will be talking about this game the same way we talk abotu RimWorld."
,Not Recommended,574760,33822119,Posted: 26 July,all,fader48080,"their is difficult and there is borderline impossible. This game desperately needs a tutorial and arrow directions for fuctions on ship board items. it took me 3 tries to realize everyone was starving to death because a water fountain was in the way.  stupid things that killed my crew inculde you need to dedicate 2 scientest full time to do nothing but produce food for your starting crew of 4  THATS HALF YOUR CREW!!! how can a single man fabricate  2 solar panels for raw materials capable of outputting the power needed to run half ofyour ship in the same amount of time as it takes for a guy to water enough plants to almost but not quite feed 4 people? no clue.dumb things that killed menot knowing I needed food and watrer despencersnot knowing I needed to orent properlyt food and water dispencersnot knowing I can't build my airlock in the corner (admittedly this one i could have assumed)not knowing I a mining laser that can saw an asteroid the size of 4 city busses glued together in half would do absolutly nothing to a pirate shipnot knowing I needed to clear floor space in a very particular order or your men get trapped and die.not knowing I needed heat vents or my ship will basicaly explode the moment I minenot knowing I needed at least 2 heat vents to do any mining at allafter so many attemps I lost count I managed with the help of 6 hours of youtube tutorials after nearly 10 hours of game play to build weapons before pirates came and oh look I am COMPLETEY USELESS. I can't do enough damage to keep any system down for more than a few seconds ther repair crew is on it instantly making my efforts useless. I can't target crew, I can't do anything can't jump I don't have the right engins. whats that? bribe them oh no I am broke. because I got a 5th man because HALF MY CREW IS FARMERS. well maybe I can out resource them maybe they will get tired and fly off.the fight went on forever I was mining while fighting for awhile there just to see if I could hold out. eventually I ran out of water, and almost instantly after that food. funny how they never seamed to get hungry or tired or ran out of metal or silicate to rebuild their heat vent for the 75th time. my crew starved to feath still fighting. as the 8 pirate robots I assume just laughed and watched us starve.Yes robots laughAlso al there is to do is mine asteroids and die at the hands of pirates and starvation. their are planets they sure are pretty wish i could go there to trade or forage but apparently not. it would be interesting to come across a derlict ship maybe find some free research or at the very least get resources a new way. but no pretty much mine and die, mine and die.TL;DR I might recommend this game after A LOT of work and I will keep an eye on its updates but for now I think I have a few people I geuninly doin't like I would recommend this game to."
76561198086499072,Recommended,574760,33319932,Posted: 6 July,all,Blackwolf04,"Basically Rimworld in space, but i still do think it is a awesome game other than the fact that it has many bugs. The game literally came out 2 days ago. the devs are incredibly hard working and awesome so soon the game would be balanced and there would not be many if any bugs."
76561197999428676,Recommended,574760,33313974,Posted: 6 July,all,Dang-er,"Great wee game, lots of promise.It has a very steep learning curve but most of the time when I died it was my fault.Check out some YouTube videos for beginners guides to make starting a bit easier for you.Recent updates since i wrote this review have made the game a lot more balanced and less brutal.The Devs are working hard and listening to the community."
76561198393079378,Recommended,574760,33374870,Posted: 8 July,all,Plants,"Amazing Idea, however they need to make it easier at the start for newer players. Also they just need o keep doing what they are doing and develop the game further. My money is on that it will be great at the end."
76561198036745214,Recommended,574760,33261818,Posted: 4 July,all,XPONY2,"This game is the result of the combination between Rimworld and FTL.It looks very promising even at the early state of the game, but it still have some problem with some bugs and some UI problems.The most problem at the moment in my opinion is in the early game, if the first asteroid field destroy any of your ship compoents especially the cargo-hatch then you're a goner, and losing it early would be hard to recover from that. The crew still not prioritize on putting out fire as much, they would just standing there watching fire, so I lost some buildings unreasonable multiple times.Despite that, I think this game has a very good potential to be great since it's the combiantion of two great games, and I'm hoping that developers would keep in touch with players often to hear their feedback.I'm looking forward to see more stuff to build, and allow you to travel to specific locations like trade hub, I'm too not keen on betting that I have to rely only on waiting for incoming ship.EDIT: Many of the issues had been fixed, so I cut them out in this review. The game feels alot playable and much more fun now."
76561198037347892,Recommended,574760,33277056,Posted: 5 July,all,chuck,"This game is pretty good, it is still a bit rough, but the dev team seems to be working on that. The very start is the worst of it most of the time, you just have to make sure to start off in a good way and starting mining. The best start i have found is 2 heat vents, 1 laser, and another solar panel. I hope they continue to move forward as this game seems like it will be fantastic. also make sure you save often, as there is no auto save that i have found."
76561198099238353,Recommended,574760,33423735,Posted: 9 July,all,Outta Luck Panda,TOO HARD. but fun
,Recommended,574760,33611076,Posted: 17 July,all,loers,nice game so far
76561198378462319,Recommended,574760,33569949,Posted: 15 July,all,lucasdiego412,"Maybe......The only reason I rated this game a yes is because of all the potential. I like the idea of combining FTL with something like Reassembaly and RimWorld, but the game is definently not there yet. For the current price the game is not worth it:-It has a steep learning curve (a few hours)-No tutorial-Lacks content-Is very hardcore startI also think the mining system should be reworke with something like automining or more powerful lasers and I think difficulties should be implemented-easy (better astroids and less pirates) (more resources to start with)-medium (average astroids and normal pirate ships)-hard (infrequent astroids with resources and harder pirates)I think the art style is good tho so I will keep an eye on this one..If I were you I would wait for the game to be developed more before purchaseOther than that the game is fun but repatative (MORE ENCOUNTERS PLEASE!!!)"
,Not Recommended,574760,33490690,Posted: 12 July,all,JeffCraig,Just another slow boring game with artificial difficulty.
76561198053969989,Recommended,574760,33506626,Posted: 13 July,all,Zonalar,You want to build your own spaceship and float through space? This game does the job :D
76561198063014439,Recommended,574760,33570353,Posted: 15 July,all,Maarten,"(This review is longer than i thought (TL:DR at the bottom)This game is extremely fun.And for an early access game it has almost no bugs and good balance.With the developer posting updates daily the game will probably become popular very rapidly.Some youtubers that play base-building/survival games have played this and are still playing it.(You can watch their videos if the game is difficult for you)Lastly the game is very addictive since you wanna mine just that 1 rock or finish this 1 ship fight. Makes it very fun too.Pros:- It's addictive- Very fun- Nice graphics- Decent Soundtrack- Quite good idea, mixing FTL with rimworld (More FTL aspects then rimworld)- BalancedCons (Keep in mind the game is still in early access so these cons aren't really a big deal):- People say it's difficult, sure the first 1 or 2 hour(s), but then you'll understand the game and won't loseYou'll start to find the pattern, the basics to survival .If you still can't manage it then watch youtube videos, but in my opinion the game is completely balanced- No tutorial. All the buttons, UI and other stuff is very overwhelming. Not knowing what to do at the beginning.So you have to watch youtube videos to figure it out. (10-15 minutes)- Little repetitive (But again it's early access)Neutral opinions:- Again about the balancing. The game might be too hard for you if you have never played games like this and then the game will become frustrating and not fun. The game might not be for everyone, but it's very fun if you get the grasp of it.- People say the mining is repetitive and boring and that there should be auto-mining. Maybe , but it's part of the game.What people do not understand is that there is alot of stuff in late game and even early game to fix this.- Early game: Speed up time, make 2 lasers early on- Late game: Shield, Spam lasers, hotkey all the lasers together to create an ""ultra-laser""Correct me if i miss something at the late game- It's similar to FTL and i always wanted to be able to build a ship in FTL. So this game is a dream come true for me!I really like that they combined those 2 things.Some ideas for the game:- Multiplayer, This game can definitely have multiplayer with people flying in a big world where people can kill each other or something or gather resources together. Start trading/mining companies?- With multiplayer modes, like 30 minutes battles or something or team with most resources.You get the idea.- Able to steer your ship more and have a map like FTL where you can travel to places maybe planets- Build on these planets? start trading companies to earn credits or farms, mining companies- Missions. For example travel to a planet to kill some ships.- Victory conditions, travel to the homeworld.- Storyline/scenario (Like rimworld) How did we get in the escape pod?- Difficulty levels Start with escape pod, or a ship (Also to make it approachable for new players) Just like space engineers- z levels (Hard to implement i know)- More mining alternatives- Creative mode (Build your dreamship without survival)- More hull (Walls) options to make your ship look cooler such as half-circle hulls- A Tutorial.Those are all ideas i had. It's alot but i wanted to write them down.|| TL;DR || Ok so to summarize, this game has a lot of potential and is alot of fun, For an early access game has a ton of feautures and barely any bugs. It's a difficult game, not everybody can grasp the mechanics right away. Espacially not without a tutorial, but it's possible with time.So would i recommend it? Definitely! (Maybe not for all players)The price? It's a perfect price in my opinion.Download time? 1 minute with 2mb/s (Just a fun fact.)Ok That is all i gotta say for this review peace out."
76561198150642783,Not Recommended,574760,33578344,Posted: 15 July,all,Sir Fox III,Given quite a long time (like a year minimum) this could be a great game. But as of now this is a bug ridden mess and is hardly playable in it's current state.
,Not Recommended,574760,33592028,Posted: 16 July,all,ACVanZant,I want to like this game. Far too unpolished. Why doesn't venting an airlock provide heat release? Why can't minions walk past a water cooler in a 1x1 hallway?
,Recommended,574760,33548109,Posted: 14 July,all,NOPper,"Picked this up after the RPS review based on all of the ""negative"" points being mostly up my alley. Turns out it's true, the game is difficult at times and at this point doesn't do much hand holding. You WILL make mistakes, lose your ship after two hours of trying to scrape together enough resources to build a potted plant, and have to start over. Then you'll accidentally remove your airlock and not be able to rescue your engineers on spacewalk. Start over. But THIS time, you get up to the point you're expanding the ship, adding sweet weapons, and starting into the research paths. Then you'll get jumped by an overpowered NPC ship with shields and chainguns and realize you can't warp away without more engine power.Basically, it's way more solid a design once you realize how it all works. Don't be afraid to fail a few times, it's no big deal and you always learn from it. Once you have the basics down and have figured out how to feed your crew and collect more resources, the game is fairly easy right now.Not for everybody, but pretty damn fun already for someone like me and I'm looking forward to more from the dev. Updates have been really fast too, including Linux support on a whim from a few comments here. I'm playing on Debian 9 and have no issues beyond one minor graphical glitch when an enemy rebuilds a destroyed weapon."
76561198065420942,Recommended,574760,33685364,Posted: 20 July,all,Drawk,"Most people are complaining that the game is too hard, which I don't really understand. At first it is tough, yes, because you've got your tiny escape pod with 4 people and by the time you get enough resources for some weapons you'll have hostile ships on you. But if you play it smart and get things going at a good pace, you'll quickly find that you get overpowered rather quickly. The game is pretty fun, honestly, as you get freedom to build a starship the way you want it (even it is bad and ends up getting obliterated). I've seen people complain about the mining aspect, in which the player has to manually mine asteroids to get resources, and I do get the whole ""auto mine"" thing they bring up, but by the time you get 10+ mining lasers built it only takes a second to destroy the bigger chunks. All in all I would recommend giving this a try, as it's pretty unique and I'm sure it'll grow in terms of gameplay."
,Recommended,574760,33364253,Posted: 7 July,all,_Tengu,"A fair warning, in its current state Starship Theory has a very very steep learning curve. You will find yourself making many mistaked before you finally figure out a way to reliably keep yourself from dying within the first 15 minutes and even then you may find yourself being nuked by the RNG.Starship Theory is an amazing game with solid mechanics and a very active dev who talks with the community about bug fixes, changes and minor balance issues. But like I said, it's a very hard game when you first start, but gets easier as you learn."
76561198010705171,Not Recommended,574760,34623272,Posted: 30 August,all,Jerbear69U,"This is the first game i have played where I felt I needed a refund. The video that shows what you can do shows in no part how linear the beginning of the game is. You are basically corraled into having to build mining lasers to survive and need multiple heat sinks to ensure you don't burn alive. Whereas right after this you run into a sun and then actually burn alive.The game overall felt sloppy and time and time again I was witness to a freak fire that would occur and have my crew burn alive. Not being able to turn, stop, or so much as avoid hazards felt wrong.I will revisit the game later and depending on potential improvements might buy it again then."
76561198066288513,Recommended,574760,35109196,Posted: 21 September,all,Nuup,"Well, I like this little game.Yeah, the start is pretty difficult, and the hostile encounters can be veeery bad and f*ck you up..But I managed it always to bribe them, or just jump away; weapon up later and f*ck them back later. :3At this moment there are honestly not much things to do than earn minerals and build a bigger ship, research stuff, survive encounters and earn minerals again. This game need much more random events than asteroidfields and other ships who are fighting or selling you stuff.But hey, it´s Early Access, and I enjoyed this game very much, right at this point.Hopefully there will come more."
76561198030835084,Recommended,574760,33285299,Posted: 5 July,all,Jakoffel,"It's very funny to play, looking forward to new features :)"
,Recommended,574760,33295034,Posted: 5 July,all,JackPS9,"The starting of this game will keep beating you down.  However the concept of a mix between Rimworld and FTL as most are putting it does seem to do well together.There is a ton of RNG in the game, as you don't have control over how often you'll get resources so you have to expand slowly and carefully.  Clustering all of one thing on the outside of your ship can mess up your ship if your ship gets hit destroying those parts.You will have to restart a lot, if you are okay with that, like Rimworld and FTL then you ill probably like this game.Watch youtube videos/streams if you want to see it being played before buying it."
76561197990872749,Recommended,574760,33295638,Posted: 5 July,all,jars_u,I've wanted this game since I first stumbled upon it.  For a one man development team in Early Access - this game fully meets my expectations at this price point.  Keep up the good work.  I eagerly look forward to new releases.
76561198060305853,Not Recommended,574760,33665722,Posted: 19 July,all,HansTheSecond,"I really like this game. But after 6 hours trying to actually survive long enough to get past the beginning stage i can honestly say....this game is way to hard. The odd are to bad. I have restarted and loaded and saved 20 plus times everytime an op ship warps in shoots me  and thats all even if i have more guns etc they still beat me. I would refund this game if i could its fun but the fun is killed by a extremely op ship system. Really disapointed i was really looking forward to this game and cant even really play.... i hope the devs read this and eaither add easy medium or hard . Several people have already mentioned this. At this point i would say no do not buy this game you will never get past hour 2 no matter how many times you save and load and try dif options or restart,"
,Not Recommended,574760,33731867,Posted: 22 July,all,Yorick,"Wow, absolutely not. Not even if it was free.I really, really, really want to like this game - The ability to craft your space ship is something that appeals to me a ton, and I generally love crafting games - and I have hopes that in the future this will be something I can come back to. But right now, it's one of the worst things I have played in quite some time.The support for large monitors is nonexistent, making it impossible to tell what anything is (even after you turn on tooltips which are for some reason disabled by default), and while there is an option to scale up the UI, it introduces a bunch (more)  graphical bugs.Then there are about 14 menus you have to keep open basically at all times, as well as 4000 keyboard shortcuts to memorise. You can't mine rocks when they go behind a menu, so you quickly toggle the menus all off. Now you can't see when your mining laser is going to overheat. You turn the menus back on. Too late, your ship's already on fire. But you'll have plenty of time to put out those fires because you won't find anything else in space for several minutes. Then maybe you'll get a ship come up alongside yours and offer to ""buy"" someone on your crew, probably into some kind of space-slavery.The random generation in this means that you can get bombarded with asteroids long before you're anything resembling ready (which while somewhat accurate, is far from fun, especially when it takes so long to get back there), and the game offers literally no information about anything, and is so punishing that there is no time or reward for exploring the options. After my ship exploded 5 times in the first 10 minutes of the game, I started to look up other people playing it on Youtube, just to try and figure out what the hell was happening. Then you finally feel like you're getting into the groove and an NPC ship blows you up immediately. (There is very clearly ""only one way to play"" early on, which is very disappointing)It is worth noting that the game is in Early Access, but while the FAQ describes the game as ""stable and playable"", that was far from my experience. In addition to it being prone to graphical and performance problems, and having a very steep learning curve that consists of ""Read a few hundred pages of other people talking about it"", the game itself isn't... fun. It's unforgiving in a way that isn't interesting, it's confusing, it's painfully slow, it's shockingly buggy, and most of all it manages to make ""building a spaceship in space""... boring.I've had a lot of luck with other Early Access titles, but this feels like it needed at least 6 months more work before even getting to this point."
,Not Recommended,574760,33725879,Posted: 22 July,all,Tweak,"I just can't anything.I know it's early access. I hope there's a lot more coming to make this game playable, but the lack of user-friendliness is just soul-crushing.I can't hardly see anything on my 4k resolution, and what I can see is that there's a big old warning that I shouldn't scale the UI because it causes framerate problems. Well where does that leave me?I can't figure out what to do. There's nothing that I can see (LITERALLY - its too micrscopic to read) except trial and error and RNG.The starting conditions are bafflingly hard to survive long enough to see more than a few asteroid fields and trading vessels that (surprise) are rarely useful because RNG is soooooo fun. There's a right and a wrong way to use RNG. This isn't it. It utterly makes the majority of the game unreachable.I worry that everything seems fine to people who already had save files and substantially well-stocked ships. But newcomers don't get any of it. Here's a a two tile escape pod with no space to put anything you need to survive. Here's a cargo that leaves you no freedom except to build some space to actually put anything and good luck actually getting people to build the ""Dispensers"" for the bare necessities. Because that makes sense.The game needs a lot of tutorial and balancing and such. I wish I had any idea what their development timetable is.Tangent: reviewers are supposed to review the game. Not review the reviews. So enjoy parcing whether people are being fair or not from betwixt their lines of ""how dare someone not like this thing I liked!"""
,Recommended,574760,33295150,Posted: 5 July,all,Korish,Can't wait for updates.
,Recommended,574760,33298019,Posted: 5 July,all,zatchaholism,Highly addictive. Can't wait to see what else they can do with this!
76561198006890740,Not Recommended,574760,33574369,Posted: 15 July,all,theyind,"Lets say not yet. The bug are real.The placement of items in your ship can and will offten make your crew go idle. asking them to remove an item will somehow make it unreachablebuild beds, they wont use them.Fun at first but the little quality of life needs make this unplayable after the 2,3 restart."
,Not Recommended,574760,33797291,Posted: 25 July,all,maxaldous97,Another game ruined by early access!A difficult to start game with a lot of potential however the early game is crazy hard with absolutly no tutorial. crew customization is extreamley limited and hud is clunky and uninfomative. With development this game could be a great FTL meets Rimworld creation (which would be incedible) but needs more development.
,Recommended,574760,34129724,Posted: 9 August,all,sur_buh,Pretty much exactly how you'd imagine a mashup of FTL and Rimworld to be. Looking forward to future feature updates.
76561197972098820,Recommended,574760,34031787,Posted: 4 August,all,Moida,"Already great, but can only get better with tutorials and UI tweaks (as one should expect with early access).If you don't mind having to google how to do things (for now), and you love rimworld style games, you should love this one.Things I look forward to seeing in future patches:-Tutorial, obvs.  I'm sure it's on the way.-Better info on how to place objects so they can be accessed.  Mouse button 4 to rotate so pawns can access food from the dispenser... what?!  I mean, it's actually fine, but only if the player is made aware of how to do it, haha.  I still can't figure out which part of the bed they need access to in order to use it.-More intuitive mining laser and weapon control.  Trying to use mining lasers at the same time as a laser turret (to break up the big rocks) is really pretty awkward... turns into managing the UI instead of managing the game.-More intuitive assigning of pawns to beds and stations.  Having to right-click a pawn, click a type of assignment, and then click the bed/station/etc...  it's pretty cumbersome.  Right-clicking on the bed/station and selecting the pawn would be easier.I've no doubt those and more fixes are incoming.  Loving it so far, even with the early access ""quirks"".  :)"
,Not Recommended,574760,34184091,Posted: 11 August,all,SimplyPanda,"The concept is nice, but the actual playability is thrown out if you are unable to manage overheating or food/water at the start of the game... If you somehow manage to get past that the game plays even worse once you realize how little you can actually do in the game. The combat is hugely flawed since your weapons can target ANY area of the ship instead of just the sides... Why do missiles and lasers magically go through walls to get to my subsystems and crew?I understand this is early access but sheesh, even checkers has more depth than this game."
76561198015321515,Not Recommended,574760,33321183,Posted: 6 July,all,Christopher,"There's no real way to know what you are doing in this game. No explanations or affordances: some objects can be walked through, some can't, and you won't know which until there's a hole in your floor behind your food dispenser that your starving colonists aren't using because the wrong side has been occupied by the water cooler. Colonists will happily let everything burn down around them. Lose your first mining laser to a passing asteroid (a common random occurance) and it's game over.The best way to play this game is by watching a YouTube video that describes the required initial build order, but then, you aren't really playing a game if all your interesting choices are taken out of the equation, are you?"
76561197992635379,Not Recommended,574760,34073254,Posted: 6 August,all,Grinch,This is not Rimworld in space.  This is nothing more than a how to die various ways by asteroid because there is no tutorial and no way to know what is going on simulator.  Don't waste your money.
76561197976437367,Not Recommended,574760,33391494,Posted: 8 July,all,Sigarr,"This game looks amazing and I think could end up being amazing. However there is one gamebreaking thing for me. Mining... This is a game about running a starship, managing a crew, genneraly overseeing operations. However the mining system forces you to take direct control. Your crew can't operate the mining lasers. You are removed from operations to hover your mouse over random floating rocks like some sort of clicker.... It completely breaks the feel of the game in my opininon. I will most likely refund this game until that system is fixed."
76561198011953266,Not Recommended,574760,34512759,Posted: 26 August,all,Antelino,"As of now I cannot recomend this game, there is no tutorial and no teaching you at all. You stumble through trying to figure out what each component exactly does and how it can ♥♥♥♥ up your whole ship. I really want to enjoy this game as the premise is awesome sounding and it looks fun but when you force someone to stumble through a game this complex it is just not fun. If they release a tutorial I'll change this to a better review as I'll actually be able to play the game."
,Not Recommended,574760,34745781,Posted: 4 September,all,Cody Snider,Not worth it yet. Way too much guess work into the UI and controls at this point. Needs a TON of work before it's ready to be played.
,Not Recommended,574760,33371915,Posted: 8 July,all,Technologist,"Do not buy it in the current state, the starting ship does not have: Life support, food dispenser, mining laser.There is no signs of what is need until just before crew members die.The starting resources are also so limited that if you do not build things in the right order you die.Meaning that to survive the start of the game players have to look up guides outside of the game.The only way of finding out what is possible is to go through a myriad of menues.Expect to die in your first many plays, without being given a chance to avoid it.Really bad game design.I look forward to playing it later, when there either is a tutorial or you can start in a larger ship that has what is needed in order to start playing.Fun game later on, but the start in unnessesarily brutal as there are things that needs to be build in the start, that players are not informed of.If things are needed in the start, they should come with the basic ship or be part of an optional tutorial on building a basic surviveable ship.The story explanation is that it is an escape pod.But this leads to a very poor starting experience.In minecraft you can outrun the enemies if you do not have a sword.In Starship Theory they just park up next to you and kill you.The same thing with astroids hitting the ship if evation is not high enough or they are destroyed with a mining laser.If you were to design an escape pod that had to last for days and weeks, that you fill up with tanks of water and food that needs cooking.Would you not build in a water fauset and heating plate?Of cause you would.But not in this game, you need to know that though you have water, you need to build a water cooler.Even though you start with food, you need a food dispenserNether of these can be placed in the wall like computers and airlocks can, they have to fill out q whole square and crew can not walk past them so they are imposible to fit on the starting ship.If you build things in the wrong oder: too bad, you are out of resources.Yay, you build a mining laser..but because you did not know that you need a heat vent and you ae out of resources your ship burns up.The starting ship in my opinion should have:Food dispenserWater cooler (water dispenser)Heating ventMining laserThat lets people play the game, try things and have fun.Sure astroids and pirates are still very likely to kill you.But at least players have a fighting chance without having to know the exaxt build order that things have to be constructed in in orde to avoid a death within minutes of starting the game.Another missing feature is auto saves.You die a lot in this game.Being able to warp back 5,10 or 15 minutes getting kinder RNG means that I have been able to continue playing.But it is an annoying manual task saving, when it could easily be automatic."
,Not Recommended,574760,33536606,Posted: 14 July,all,Redox,potential but unplayable without a tutorial
76561198064689188,Not Recommended,574760,33768814,Posted: 24 July,all,RevanantWraith,1> Steep learing curve2> no tool tips or guide3> Had to go to a Steam community guide to figure out how to playcould have potental but not ready yet
76561198016868205,Not Recommended,574760,33577924,Posted: 15 July,all,Draggs,"I hate these kind of games, This game is not a fun relaxing game where you can build a ship and have a chilled time. Expect the game always to have you on the edge of death and when you finally think your getting somewhere finally you will be hit by several asteroids at once.... and explode.... Nope hate this game, and dont enjoy."
76561198165625978,Not Recommended,574760,33443661,Posted: 10 July,all,boblikesrain,"I wasn't expecting much from this game, but I actually got less than I expected. The thing is, I thought I would actually be able choose where my little ship was going rather than just enjoying an endless voyage of pointlessness on which my only real goal was to survive. I realize that maybe Starship Theory just isn't that kind of game and that it's also in early access, but the truth is I wasn't entertained for very long by just trying to survive the next astroid feild or close encounter with a star with the meager resources I could collect. I hope the game will be better once it's finished, but the early access is really for a very specific kind of gamer."
76561198131261570,Not Recommended,574760,33451585,Posted: 11 July,all,Proceres,"Game is very simple, but not like FTL, and not like rimworld. People like to say its a mix, but this is like mixing vodka and tequila, then deciding to throw in water. the end result is a horrible concotion of watered down BS.Do not buy for more than $5, it does have a low-end value as a cheap arcade style game. but the quality is just not there for $10.As it is, i see it as a puzzle, a game made to be 'impossible' to beat, and i've yet to find the correct way to align my pieces to achieve success."
,Not Recommended,574760,34763314,Posted: 5 September,all,[TC] Doctor Lag,"Update 9/12/2017: The developer got a small update posted that _greatly_ improves issues with bugs and AI, including the problems I mentioned below. It's worth keeping an eye on but there's still not really enough game to recommend.To be honest, just watch a gameplay video; you'll know if you're one of the people that just has to have it now.Original review:Utterly unready, has bug after game breaking bug. Fires that never go out and jobs that get stuck in the queue forever, making the tile they're on unusable for anything, are two that will affect every single game. Basic UI elements that grow until they fill the entire screen show the utter lack of skill or care that went into this.If it ever gets finished it might be good because it has some excellent game ideas. Unfortunately the dev hasn't updated in months so it's an open question whether it will get any better."
,Not Recommended,574760,33565116,Posted: 15 July,all,Knifeydacat,this game is stupid and hard. what a masochistic waste of fracking time and energy.
76561198009490052,Not Recommended,574760,33388069,Posted: 8 July,all,Dezorden,"If you like many others like to restart a game every 20 mins just because RNG bs this is the game for you.If you hate RNG based games Don't buy it, is just bs after bs.Every time a asteroid will hit one of my solar panels only, never hit anything else!!!! and then next time will hit my hull  then everyone will dies because I have no power to mine resources and no resouces to fix the ship so if you are very lucky you can get a few good ""Rolls of Luck"" of RNG and get to play the game A little longer but most of the time you will be playing the same 20 to 30 mins of the beginning over and over again."
76561198063937119,Not Recommended,574760,33526999,Posted: 13 July,all,Dab,Harder than Darksouls...
76561197976303180,Not Recommended,574760,34795719,Posted: 7 September,all,twitch.tv/BlackyGERxJahnie,"Dead, no updates nothing.i requested a refound.dev just collected the cash and then never worked on the game again.way too hard, way too many bugs, way too many crashes!"
,Recommended,574760,33403088,Posted: 9 July,all,ShortShorts,"For an early access game, this is an easy recommendation to make. My first 10 ships, all failures. But once you get the hang of things its addictive and challenging.Tips for new players:At the start of the game you need to assign your crew roles, such as engineering to get them to build.Keep your ship small until you are ready to increase the challenge, the bigger it is bigger the ships that you will encounter.Highly recommended."
76561198255163795,Recommended,574760,33396171,Posted: 8 July,all,itzmejordan,"This game has a lot of potential and is still in a great spot to be played. I've had a lot of fun with it, and the developer is very active and is always improving his product. There are still many bugs, but the developer listens to the players and is improving the game all the time."
,Recommended,574760,33544428,Posted: 14 July,all,NunsNAmmo,REALLY HARD.
76561198001174552,Recommended,574760,33491938,Posted: 12 July,all,GrenPa,"Hey Guys & Gals,Just going to write a review for this game.Pro's:Reminds me of old game Sundog on Atari.Concept is good and can be enjoyable at times.Graphics are good for what the game is and is trying to be.Runs smooth and have no glitches or crashes.Dev's are active and are updating often.Con's:The game is way to hard to play (Lots of dying).Controls are to complex in my view and need to be streamlined.Item limits are to low when first starting.A big con for myslef is there is no creative mode or cheats, which I enjoy when in building/crafting games. (I like building and crafting so either cheats or creative mode should be added!)The game play speed is to fast.(not enough time to colect goods and build. And since you cant stop is also a big point of contention.NPC's on your ships are pretty dumb, even worse when there is a fire.Thats it and the con's make it seem I hate the game. That is far far from the truth.In reality I love the game and will play often.It is only dying over and over and over for hours makes mad.So I recommend the game for those who like space games and the old style feel of it.I would say expect to get mad often but after you cooldown to be right back at it.For those who would destroy their computer after dying 30 or 40 times in a row,  I would wait till the game is more polished and tweeked before playing.I would buy this game again and recommend to my friends and family."
,Recommended,574760,33580345,Posted: 16 July,all,SimbaLion,So far this game seems really cool but the bugs make it basically unplayable. That's not unexpected since it's an early release game. Buyer beware.
,Recommended,574760,33524350,Posted: 13 July,all,The Creed,"I love games like this, it reminds me in  ways to Rimworld. Keep in  mind this is a Alpha 1.0 it is in its earlyest stages.Over all keeping in mind it is a early build it is vary well done. I have played many alpha games that have been worked on for many years and been on steam for many years that are filled with issues. This game has issues but is vary refined compared to others. I recommend this game to people who dont mind a early alpha game ( I repeat Early). Its fun, addictive and has so much promise."
76561198026605468,Recommended,574760,33524374,Posted: 13 July,all,YoungHarrisy,"I think this game is incredibly fun. Somewhere within the 1st 10 hours or so of game play I became frustrated enough to punch my keyboard and fracture a knuckle but the anger was only so intense because my love for this game is so great. And now that I've spent some time really learning the game, it's much less dificult/frustrasting. In fact, with the right strategy it actually becomes quite simple/easy.  Really great thogh and worth hours of fun."
76561198103641146,Recommended,574760,33540904,Posted: 14 July,all,TheTycoon,"I have now gotten to the ""end-game"" twice since this was released, and I greatly enjoyed both experiences (as well as the failed attempts...)Dev has been on top of squashing bugs since it was released, and has talked about more content coming. More content will be much appreciated as there isn't much to do in the end-game. It will still take you a good many hours to reach that point though, so I feel like the price is fair."
76561198248000772,Recommended,574760,33334340,Posted: 6 July,all,TheDerpyEngineer,This game is crazy fun can't even make it past 10 mins but makes me want to try even harder and it's a real challenge
76561198010401839,Recommended,574760,33466088,Posted: 11 July,all,Mr.Suppository,"Still on Early Access, but already a wonderful example of how management game should be like.You start on a tiny escape pod, a tin can with only 3 floor tile available, and by carefully managing your building and researching queue, it'll become a Borg Cube over time.Death awaits at every turn, be it in the form of asteroids crushing your puny hull, in the yet another blazing fire warming up your crew 'cause you forgot to install Heat Vents (we all did, at least once, at the beginning), or due to deluded ideas that the ship warping in at your location will be an adorable fluffy spacecat barfing rainbows at you (and you end up greeting Daleks).The scarcity of resources compels you to make tough call often: should I construct another Mining Laser to increase the harvesting speed of resources, or should I build a Research station to get those sweeeeeet medium solar panels that tickle my ecologist soul ?Prepare to be sucked in the cold vacuum of space, a lot, but also to enjoy one of the best game of the genre.The developing team is amazing, releasing patches and new content up to twice a week.Suggestion is: watch some gameplay videos, decide if even at the current build is worth playing, and, by Nurgle, support the developers if you believe. The Truth is out there."
,Recommended,574760,33600475,Posted: 16 July,all,Thor,So. Gave this game a solid play to see if I like it. I like it.Some things I would like to see changed :1. Be able to STOP the ship. Cut the engines and stop. As in quit moving so I can mine that asteroid field.2. Mining needs a rework. Badly.3. Food. There needs to be a more reliable way to acquire it. Trading etc. RNG only has offered me food a couple of times for purchase from the NPC's.In the future I would like to see the ability to directly control the ship.
,Recommended,574760,33541674,Posted: 14 July,all,ash,"Whatever else I have to say about the game... it won me over when I saw my little captain's posture when seated in the captains chair. Something very familiar about it!As for the actual review, I agree with the recurring theme in a lot of the reviews here, positive and negative, there's a lot of potential, but it has a long way to go to get there. But it's the solid base game and potential that, as an early access release, get's it a thumbs up from me.In terms of early access the game seems really stable. I've had a couple of minor graphic glitches, but that's it.At present it is initially brutally difficult (and potentially impossible if luck isn't on your side) , but if you can get over the initial difficulty curve it soon flattens out. Unfortunately after a while what it flattens out to becomes a little monotonous. You mine, you expand incrementally, you micro-manage, you mine more. In it's present state I don't think there's much more for me to do, but I really enjoyed what is there so far and I'm along for the ride. I want to see how this develops.It feels like there should be (at least) 3 paths to take as the game goes on: Mining/Trading/Combat... but at present it feels like only mining is remotely viable.For those wanting a tutorial (and yes, it does need one, or several)  I recommend KatherineOfSkye's videos on youtube. It's where I found out about the game and they give you an idea of what to do, and occasionally what not to do."
76561197963388754,Recommended,574760,33300993,Posted: 5 July,all,® PlayerD,"A BRILLIANT challenge! Do some youtube homework for the first 10 minutes then I say experience the rest of the adventure yourself.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imaL2pjNURg&t=724sGreat to see a fair few updates have come through after only being out 1 day, clearly the Dev is listening to the community.Can see this chewing up a LOT of my time!"
76561198194595915,Recommended,574760,33753006,Posted: 23 July,all,WizardSniper365,really fun once u get good at it
76561198041239133,Recommended,574760,33290345,Posted: 5 July,all,chino2468,"I've been waiting for this game, and as soon as I saw the Early Access was on, I bought it. Yes, it is lacking and ""empty"" for the time being, but this game's potential is awesome. Totally recommended if you enjoy DF, Rimworld and FTL."
,Recommended,574760,33614430,Posted: 17 July,all,Jachymor,"In short: A promising spaceship survival game which starves you for the ship designs shown in the trailers, mainly due to the Early Access aspect and rather high ""difficulty curve"". There is little happening at the moment other than asteroids, fires and some ships shooting at you. A Yes from me, but a Yes for the future game this will become.Good for: Survivalists and DesignersBad for: Storytellers and the Impatient"
76561197995397225,Recommended,574760,33423102,Posted: 9 July,all,ferexia,I like the game.  I find it a heathy mix of FTL and RIMWorld.  although I do find it hard to get started.... there is no tutorial as of yet.  and some of the in-game settings can be a bit harsh IE:  ship blowing up from maning laser activation ( assumed heating issue).  good start for an EA game (early access).  hope they keep up the good work.-Ferexia
76561198059805131,Recommended,574760,33618650,Posted: 17 July,all,evilxinsanegod,This game is pretty fun once you get the hang of it. I know I couldn't really figure it out for myself and died a couple times at first. I had read one of the guides someone made and it helped me tremendously. This is a great game if you're into games like this. There are a few things that could be improved on but I have faith that the developer will improve certain things and make the game even better. It is definitely playable as it is right now.
76561198026386095,Recommended,574760,33803635,Posted: 26 July,all,erfqfrqe,Really liked this game and cant wait to see where the dev takes it in the future.
,Recommended,574760,33301694,Posted: 5 July,all,MsgNinja,"I like it. Slow start with no tutorial but other then that, it is a good game. Not much is in it but hoping they will add more feature to this game."
,Recommended,574760,33611128,Posted: 17 July,all,Black-winter,"I am a huge fan of Rimworld, Prison Architect, Oxygen Not Included type of games. I also love any form of Sci-Fi game with the prospect of building your own Space Ship. This game doesn't disappoint. Yeah, it has only just come out and granted there are a few frustraiting bugs here and there... but honestly I do enjoy it. Don't get me wrong, there are times I get a little frustrated beacuse my ships seem to spend more time exploding than I actually play the game, but again... it's new. Give it time and this is sure to be a good game. Recommeded!"
,Recommended,574760,33289351,Posted: 5 July,all,archdruidardanos,"Nice Idea - i like the crossover of FTL/Rimworld - first impressionn a lot work to do until it is a proper game or at least a more balance alpha. Which could be a hard work for the dev (not sure how many they are). Anyway i see potential in that game but still some way to go . Will wait for some more updates until i give it another chance.Let the updates come :D.A recommendation at this state is hard - i would recommend it do anyone who could spare the cash and/or likes to support a upcoming game - everyone else stay away.Did give the game another chance but it is not near as stable as promissed in some remarks, in additon the balance is not there so in this state is near unplayable and building more frustration then being fun.So i would say - give it some more time to ripen and then give it another try.For potential and due to i like the genre - i'll rate it 4/5 star - if it manage to grow and ripen :D"
76561198117069696,Recommended,574760,33662340,Posted: 19 July,all,taipokaoss,"Very good and fun game.I know it had a version with hardcore difficulty, but now is very enjoyable."
76561198048838452,Recommended,574760,33796613,Posted: 25 July,all,DirtyDre88,Great game!!! Keep up the good work and bring us more different sorts of random events!
76561197970328600,Recommended,574760,33306078,Posted: 6 July,all,Tribu,"Fun little space building game that is having early alpha issues and bugs. Game has solid potential and needs more varable content, and a lot of tweaking. I have had 2 crashes and few game stopping bugs in the 10 hours i played."
,Recommended,574760,33403032,Posted: 9 July,all,haZe -13-,The game is quite early in development and just hit steam. Therefore it obviously has some issues.When it was initially released (a few days ago) it had quite heavy balancing issues.The dev released multiple updates in two days and fixed those. Until now he's incredebly active fixing all the issues!As of todays update (that fixed some issues with firefighting I just encoutered yesterday) the game is in a really enjoyable state and the development continues.This is basically early access done right! Keep up the good work!
76561197961168784,Recommended,574760,33774387,Posted: 24 July,all,n0qtrnL,"It's FTL's starship management mixed with ship building. If you like the idea, this game is absolutely worth a look, though it is obviously in alpha as of this review.  If neither of these things appeal, then stay away.Still here? Great! You start with 4 crew in a tiny cramped shuttle. Your job is literally to ""build a starship while in flight"". You'll spend a lot of time adding, removing, and moving components to extract maximum functionality from minium real estate, while hoping you can escape hostile ships until you can mount, power, and heat-vent some weapons.Eventually you become large enough that it's actually a 'real ship'. Suddenly you're having to think about life support systems, oxygen levels, and dealing with damage control. Since the enemy ships presently scale with your mass, your foes are getting tougher and tougher, too. You're probably handling a much larger crew and concerning yourself with the logistics of sleeping quarters, food, and layout efficiency.... and then you're probably going to restart and try again or just put it away for a few months, because that's presently all we've got!The game is in an alpha state, but it shows terrific promise. Don't let the negative reviews about manual mining throw you. It's a fairly minimal part of the game and not tedious at all, IMO."
,Recommended,574760,33302667,Posted: 5 July,all,captainxenu,This game can only get better. I love it so far.
,Recommended,574760,33329627,Posted: 6 July,all,Pancakes,"Decent game, needs a LOT of work. For example, 90% of my initial playthroughs were trying to survive the first few asteroid fields. I don't bother hitting new game anymore, I instead load my best early save, simply because RNG can make a run literally impossible to complete, within the first 3-4 minutes of play. Additionally, red alert doesn't seem to do anything besides forbidding new building in the latest patch. prior to the update, when I hit code red all my crew would put out fires, but since the update, they just stand and look at the fires. I've tried changing crew to all sorts of different roles, and tried to manually force them to put out the fire, but they refuse to.... then my hull gets burnt through and they all die.I recommend waiting for game stability before purchasing this game."
76561198094359823,Recommended,574760,33375303,Posted: 8 July,all,The Bradass Mofo,"Really enjoyable, is it bit hard, but not too bad as long as you aren't an idiot."
,Recommended,574760,33384120,Posted: 8 July,all,☣ToxicWaste☣,Starship Theory is a grate game the difficulty is good as long as you are thwe type of player that saves alot and i recomend you do as each time you have to reload the outcum can be diffrent. The game is not without it's fualts the U.I could do with a little work done to it like the Power management window could do with it having more compact options like to close down groups of the same parts as it can get quite long and difficult to find things to shut down when in a fight and needing to get weapons back online.Over all i recomen this game for anyone that likes to micro mange there gameplay and work out the best way over multipul ways to  get past the obsticals that come after you. 8.5/10
,Recommended,574760,33650994,Posted: 19 July,all,Billeh Crystal,"Massive potential. Fun and addicting, but late game content is not fully fleshed out yet. Grindy but rewarding."
,Recommended,574760,33659051,Posted: 19 July,all,MLK,Early access game with lots of potential.The game is hard but not overly punishing.With at little research early on and a chain gun you get a long way in this game.Looking forward to see this game unfold.
76561197981012727,Recommended,574760,33291615,Posted: 5 July,all,HansSprungfeld,"Great concept and an amazing developer! At the time of writing, the game has been out for less than 2 days, and the (solo) dev has already put out 2 micropatches to fix bugs and balance issues.Game is very fun and playable in its current state, despite being an early alpha."
,Recommended,574760,33301102,Posted: 5 July,all,WarStalkeR,"Amazing game with great potential. You build ship, you maintain it, you harvest resources, you take care of your crew, you fight enemies or bribe them. And it is only alpha build. Can't wait to see what we will have at the release!"
76561198132999797,Recommended,574760,33303344,Posted: 6 July,all,druegan2001,"*updated review*Despite some really rough balancing initially, this game is now really cool.  Still in development, of course, but the Dev seems to be putting out pretty much daily updates, fixes, tweaks.. Very responsive and very active. I'm well and truly impressed.Far as how the game works.. you start out in an escape pod with a crew of 4.. you set roles for your crewmembers, build a mining laser and heat vent, mine asteroids for metal, silicon, gold, and water.. use those materials to build out your ship, add more stuff, rinse, repeat.Eventually you can research things like armor, shields, weapons, expanders and extenders for most stuff, better versions of equipment..You'll find threats from asteroid fields, stars frying the hell out of you with radiation and setting fire to your ship and its components, hostile aliens..  but you'll also find aliens you can trade with too..  you can bribe hostiles to leave you alone if you have the credits, or gun them down in a blaze of glory if you're strong enough and then mine up the resources left when the ship breaks  apart..It's quite good fun, really.. I've wasted quite a number of hours on this already, and that number will be increasing quite a bit here in the future :)"
,Recommended,574760,33310404,Posted: 6 July,all,[Reavers] Diablous,"A game that definitely has some potential.  The comparisons of Rimworld and FTL are pretty accurate, but not as micro management intensive as Rimworld.It's got me pretty hooked, but there are still some balancing issues to come.  The dev is doing some great stuff with getting on top of issues and releasing small patches a few times a day, which is good to see problems getting solved.If you mess up, it's on you.  You'll play through and blow up several times in your first hour and then you'll know what the game is about.  If you love building something only to have to grab a bucket and bail water to keep it afloat, then this game is for you.I'll revise this review in a week or so and see how balancing has come along."
76561198013097108,Recommended,574760,33315591,Posted: 6 July,all,Wraith,"Nice game, just like people say its a cross between FTL and Rimworld. Just with more game breaking bugs. The best thing the Devs can do (in my opinion) is get the AI in grip, standing next to a fire while the ship burns around you complaining about not being able to get to the nearest water machine because the fire has spread over the entire path is a little more than dumb and annoying. Will watch with interest.With fire fighting now working, I no longer have to worry if I go grab a tea."
,Recommended,574760,33382055,Posted: 8 July,all,Igotdild4u,Crew decided sleeping takes priority over extinguishing fires in the room and building a food machine while they were starving to death in their sleep. 10/10
76561198042709286,Recommended,574760,33649942,Posted: 19 July,all,Asiz,"Its a hard game probably more because of unreasonable circumstances like people going to sleep mid battle or the inability to negotiate a bribery amount for them to go away. Having said that its a pretty good game, if you liked FTL then this is for you. Its early alpha as well so its only going to get better."
76561198012151525,Not Recommended,574760,33261572,Posted: 4 July,all,Aprion,"I love the idea of this game, but at this moment I can not reccomend it. Its early access ofcourse, so take what im about to say with a bit of salt. I'm sure things will improve.the game so far looks charming, and building your ship should be a lot of fun. However with the current build its nothing but a lesson in frustration and♥♥♥♥♥pain. Resources are extremely tight, and yet you require everything at once to keep your crew alive.You need a mining laser to gather resources and at least two heat vents to operate this thing efficiently. but you only have enough resources for one. and finding more can be very hard at the outset.Once you have this up and running its time to enlarge the ship a bit, because you need space for a water and food dispenser. you also require another CPU and solar cell to power and control all of this. But by the time you finally manage to get half of this done you bump into three asteroids and lose your mining laser, a solar panel and a heat vent. You, are now, ♥♥♥♥ed. Because you have nothing to gather more resources, and not enough reserves to replace them. GAME OVER. restart.Attempt two. you followed the previous steps and managed not to hit any asteroids so far. You finally get food and water running and start painstakingly gathering resources to build a research station when an enemy vessel appears and shoots you repeatedly until you lose half your systems, AGAIN. You manage to survive the attack, only for the crew to die of hunger and thirst because you couldn't get things fixed in time, or had no resources to replace things. Game Over try again from scratch.Attempt three, see attempt one. Attempt four, see attempt two. Attempt five see one and two. and again and again and again ad nauseum. You simply don't have enough resources to build what you need. all it takes is one unlucky hit from an asteroid and you are finished. and your little ship is utterly defenceless against enemies.The first few times you shrug it off. but after twenty plus tries with the same result it becomes about as much fun as a root canal without anesthetics.I have high hopes for this game, but asit is right now i reccomend a pass. give it a few more weeks for the devs to smooth things out a bit more."
,Not Recommended,574760,33311987,Posted: 6 July,all,Nemeth782,"Difficulty way too high, RNG too punishing, not enough resources, everything takes too long to build and you never have enough crew.Hell, even when I tried using cheat engine for resources, I still couldn't progress as stuff took too long to build, asteroids were coming in, etc."
76561198397916174,Not Recommended,574760,33367570,Posted: 8 July,all,ashameg,"Hell hath no Furry like Starships theory's scorn.The game is playing you and it will win by destroying you. The Rng in this game is impossible its like the game wants you to loose.  Eg: My longest game is 3 hours  and I have a large ship but cant feed the crew on 2 medium farms plots, and I have navigated to 40 ships now in search of food I have not found an oz. I have amast huge wealth but cant find or make enough food.  My ship is perma starvation as I buy more crew since the game keeps offering me crew but no food.  I'm just going to let this game die in my inventory until the game is balanced.If you want a game that is extreemly difficult this is the one for you, I wont recommend this game until they scale the difficulty equally to your current ship ability, or at least let the players choose the difficulty set.keys to serviving:-keep your evaision to 5+ and up, + 2 at a minimum.-for every Mining laser you will need 2-3 heat vents.-3 heat vents per mining laser allows you mine while passing a star.-save your ftl jumps for the massive attack ships or blue stars.-dont hesitate to bribe an attacking ship.-target enemy CPU's they die faster than other structures.-save Before navitgating to a ship  and shortly before it arrives( save around).-navigate to ships only when you have a ready ftl.-buy food any chance you can in early game as food production can be an unbalanced bottle neck in the Late game.You have been warned, good luck!!!"
76561198007248015,Not Recommended,574760,34597937,Posted: 29 August,all,Azreal72,The game is not ready for play don't waste money yet
,Not Recommended,574760,33390485,Posted: 8 July,all,MarkJerue,Pure RNJesus. You live or die based on what asteroids spawn and if your first traders offer metals or not. 100 minutes in and haven't survived more than 10 minutes on a single run even after figuring out the cheap early-game tricks (your ship doesn't need an engine so you can sell it for metals).Would be better if the early game did not bang you like you're the heroine in a{LINK REMOVED}blacked.commovie
76561198007181014,Not Recommended,574760,33484902,Posted: 12 July,all,suppermug @ Pure Luck,bs game
76561198072500792,Not Recommended,574760,34218439,Posted: 13 August,all,RampagingRam,"The game is a  random event sort of game, where you cant really control dieing; so save often if you do decide to buy this pile of garbage(as it stands).  The games balance is dreadful/ non-exsistant."
76561198007088539,Not Recommended,574760,34155977,Posted: 10 August,all,Knova,"Don't worry about that fire, someone else will get it."
76561198090749645,Recommended,574760,33388997,Posted: 8 July,all,kid_ridiculous,I Recommend this to people who like rimworld and space
76561198007662996,Recommended,574760,33421447,Posted: 9 July,all,iLLboRn,fun game as is and worth the buy to support devlopement further.  this is a rim world meets ftl make. takes a little to learn but thats part of the fun and im sure this game will develop into a gem
76561198326112487,Recommended,574760,33416250,Posted: 9 July,all,A_eldritch,"Pros-Its space,space it cool.Its rimworld in spaceeeeeCons-Gives no help for new players."
76561198311149307,Not Recommended,574760,34786415,Posted: 6 September,all,Eagle_of_Fire,"Game has currently been grinded to a half. Officially, the (single) dev is on a paternaly leave. In reality, this make it so this game has been abandonned in its early stage, the one stage it need to update regularly to get things moving and actually keep its player base.I will change my review if this game ever get updated again. As of right now I do consider it to be abandonned and thus not worth your time.Edit: I officially consider this game abandoned as of now. Do NOT purchase."
76561198093030849,Recommended,574760,34825798,Posted: 8 September,all,WalterWight,"***I play almost offline almost exclusively so my actual hours played is incorrect, just over 25 is what i've played so farWhen I was reading the reviews for this game I was a little weary about purchasing it but I did because I love Rimworld and it looked like a good twist on the genre. I'm very happy that I decided to buy this game, I don't understand why people put so many negative reviews about how hard the game is. I'm not gonna lie, the game is VERY hard and unforgiving but if you understand some of the mechanics behind the dificulty you can better prepare: the dificulty of enemys scales with the size of your ship so you should not add big sections until you absolutely need the space, leave the astetics untile later in the game. The game is missing quite a few things, which is to be expected for early access. The descriptions for items and their output really needs some work and a short tutorial would be great. My advice is watch some of the lets play episodes on youtube there a quite a few out there.8.8/10The fact that this game is in a genre that has been beaten to death makes it's uniqueness all that much more fun. If you are looking for a challenge with a good dreal of replayability check this game out."
76561198114464005,Recommended,574760,33399775,Posted: 9 July,all,Holy,Do you like space and managment in general? Then this is the game for you. Be aware it cann be really hard and it will test you to not tilt.
76561198026096853,Recommended,574760,33489867,Posted: 12 July,all,Cheetah,"A real gem in the rough.  This game has HUGE potential to a be great indie along the lines of FTL and RimWorld, I can definitely see the borrowed ideas, and it really works good.  The concept here is solid.  But I as I said, gem in the rough.  This game needs a lot more work, but if what it is now is a preview of the dedication to a fun flexible game, the gem will get much much better.  Great stuff.  Even this 'Early Access' is quite playable and not a lot of bugginess.Dunno if dev's read reviews, however if they do, let me lend a few of my thoughts to make this even better:  Better control over the ship's movements.  Ability to stop at spaceports to work on your ship in a hazard free environment.  A handful of tradegoods to try to make profit from would be nice.  But I think the big one is some control over where you're going, and ability to stop to work in peace.  Some kind of starmap and ability to navigate between known places (and make that travel time the gameplay we see now.) would be super cool.Great work so far, keep it up."
76561198007245969,Recommended,574760,33430387,Posted: 10 July,all,ganduil,"If you like Rimworld, you will like this, too. At this price it is a no-brainer!"
,Recommended,574760,33262892,Posted: 4 July,all,Valkian,"Quick edit, please do read the rest if you're not interested in paying to test the game and offer feedback though: I still am playing this game. I'm not gonna give up on this just because it's got rocky balance issues, it's got great promise and I'm definitely gonna stick around for the long haul. That being said, this review is only for the initial release. As updates come out I will update this accordingly.Watched a lot of videos on Youtube of older builds and I was really excited for it.. But do be warned, this game will not hold your hand. I have yet to have a single ship last much more than an hour, it all rests on luck of the dice and how you manage your ship in the really early stages.Early game is a lot more forgiving in terms of ships than it was originally. Mostly trade ships, and by the time you encounter hostiles regularly it's not too hard to get up some weapons to fight them off. They are less prejudiced against key components and components (on both sides of the board mind you) have more health so they don't go in 1-2 shots.Stars have been better balanced; they cause fewer fires and generate less heat. Now they're only a problem if all your crew are already super busy and you're firing weapons and mining rocks like a crazy wildebeast.Mining. Mining, mining, mining. Supposed to be one of the most important aspects. You need resources, and there's only one real way to get them. However, mining lasers now generate around 3x the heat they used to. You need 2 heat vents JUST to control the heat generated by ONE laser when it's cutting rocks. And it generates DOUBLE that much heat when collecting resources. So it takes 4 small heat vents just to mine without worry for a single laser.Oh, and by the way. You don't have a crate any more, you only have a cargo hatch. This means your starting resources are MUCH more limited so it's even harder just to START building your ship to make it survivable. If you want a mining laser you'll have to forgo expanding enough to put in a water cooler and food dispenser and pray that you manage to cut just the right rocks and have enough time to mine the materials you need to build them soon. And don't bother trying to go for a laser turret, there's no way to be able to have your people survive because it takes so many materials and sucks up what little power and CPU you have.All in all? This game is early access; you can't expect anything perfect. If you're up for butting your head against a wall until either your head or the wall breaks, while offering feedback and being, basically, a game tester? Go ahead and buy it, it IS still a blast. Just a challenging, trying-to-break-a-rock-with-your-fist blast."
,Recommended,574760,33260603,Posted: 4 July,all,Vereox,"DISCLAIMER - Just a quick first glance review; I'll write a proper review later.An adorable little game that just brutally punishes those that don't think things through. Or have backups.My first ship ""Escape Pod 001"" was tragically lost during an asteroid field after many asteroid fields prior I had lost the ONLY cargo hatch I had on my ship, thus dooming my poor crew to run out of water and dehydrate to death while their ship was left defenceless against the oncoming enslaught of asteroids (because my ONLY mining laser was destroyed not too long after the cargo hatch was destroyed).10/10 - Would lose cargo hatch again"
76561198059458428,Not Recommended,574760,33383519,Posted: 8 July,all,blacksoul566,"Difficult to manage, no introduction to the games mechanics and minimal control over your ship."
,Recommended,574760,33409307,Posted: 9 July,all,Chris P. Pickels,Game owns
,Recommended,574760,33466220,Posted: 11 July,all,Sitout.AmnesiacGaming,"So I understand this has just been released but I figured I would share my thoughts on the game, many of them negative so far...To call this game UI Juggling Simulator 2017 would be an understatement, but again it is an alpha in early dev. The idea of the game is amazing! I love it, it has so so much potential, however right now it just is so far from balanced and beyond an ""it's fun to lose"" game. As I was playing the game I actually felt like I was in a cramped, unflexible escape pod! There is only one way to build your ship at the beginning or you just float in space until asteroids detroy you. Mining laser, 2 heat vents, cpu, solar panel...this makes the the whole ""Oh I died I get to start again"" part of the game kind of...pointless? I tried a couple different ways of doing things, all miserable failures simply do to how restricted the game is right now. For example, you want to invest your starting resources into some hull space a couple turrets and decide to pirate your way to success as oppossed to grinding away on asteroid field after asteroid field after asteroid field after asteroid field after asteroid field...no. You cannot. You'll be obliterated by the first field or two you come by and you need your lasers to mine any ""rewards"" you get from ships anyway. Which is unlikey as combat is gruesomely dull and repetitive. Most ships can repair faster than 1 or sometimes even 2 turrets can do damage and simply just fly away...because for some reason I can blow up a ships engine, solar panels, heat vents, goldfish, and kitchen sinks and they can still just ""jump"" away after a set amount of time??? Huh? Though I could almost ignore all of these things if it were not for the horrible, horrible, horrible way that the physics of heat are depicted! Tell me why, in the vacuum of space my ship is not only retaining but building heat after I have passed a sun a year ago? Yeah heat vents, I get it. But when i have put all fires out and no systems are running I continue to build heat that new fires are spreading randomly throughout my ship?? Set a matchbox car on fire then put the fire out and put it in an airtight freezer...I am pretty sure you won't come back an hour later to a tiny pile of molten steel...The game still get's a thumbs up simply do to the unique idea of it, the creativity, the fact that it's one guy doing it all and I think in 6 months the game may be really really good!P.S. The trading sytem is horrible. Why can I buy sell only set amounts of random goods? Hi, oh your lost in space and need metal so badly that your life depends on it? Ohhh wait, I only have 12 and you are strictly asking for 13...shucks, geuss your SOL...?????????????????????????????????"
76561198135123106,Recommended,574760,33491379,Posted: 12 July,all,Banished,"This game is good. The challenge is becomes easier the better you get at the game, also found some ""cheese"". The concept is not original as there are many many side scrolling space games, and this game needs more help before it gets a star there.The menus both are and are not the game, the game probably has one of the best interfaces of any 2D game. The controls are actually fairly hands off, your people feed themselves, sleep, etc and requires little micro management. The graphics do need some work, the ""people"" are basically jumping beans with faces.This game gets 3/5, and it is still just an alpha. I look forward to this game becoming legendary once it is finished."
76561198065057321,Recommended,574760,33512454,Posted: 13 July,all,Tux,"Its like Rimworld & FTL in space.  You will need to grind alot to build a nice ship & to supply the crew with there basic needs,The game can be challenging at times, especially at the beginning.Runs great on LInuxEasy  / Clean UI & plus the game overall is easy to learn,Tip: Get 2 mining lasers & 3 heat vents going as quick as possible,  well as getting a plant bed setup.  Start researching right away so you can unlock the Plasma Gun & Medium plant bed. The laser guns are crap & do little to no damage.Ignore the negative reviews. Alot of people don't understand what early access is & rates the game in its current state as a complete game.  Yes there is going to be bugs, performance issues, unbalanced issues, missing features, etc."
,Recommended,574760,33592779,Posted: 16 July,all,Sam_Body,"Awesome,I was thinking: Huh just another game for 2 hours max. But. It is already almost 30 hours. And It still interesting for me. I like it.Once I was started as a miner. No weapon at all. My spaceship was almost annihilated after a hostile strike. 2 brave engineers were lost in space after the jump, 4 dead in a fire. One of them saved ship at 1 hull points but dead as the bravest crew member. The spaceship was depressurized after floor tile broke with fire. Life less barren spaceship was fixed by 4 crew members. They were not engineers. And there was a lot of attacks to the ship. Like a rabbit, them went to hyperspace once they can do it. Or pay a lot of credits, almost if they were. 2 ships went out and leave the ship almost dead.But, right now I have a flying stronghold. Breathtaking shields that may withstand a lot of weapon strikes. Also, there is a lot of railguns. Brave and perfectly trained crew.Thank you, the game developer for this experience. I like it a lot."
76561198354311731,Recommended,574760,33848177,Posted: 27 July,all,Charlat,I find the game lacking in objectives after creating a functional ship and I found myself clueless when I finish started due to the lack of directions to new player but over time I found that the clueless start really plays into the game as you need to learn how to manage a crew to before learning how to build cool stuff. I would recommend this product and I cannot wait to see where it goes next!
76561197970806662,Recommended,574760,33916353,Posted: 30 July,all,Car_Tire,"Amazingy, fun, addictive, totally unforgiving.There's no tutorial; so, google ""how to survive in starship theory"" if you want a brief guide to get you through the first 30 minutes.  Make sure to save often so you can see the timestamp, otherwise you will sit down to play at 6 and lose complete track of time, then suddenly realize you've been playing for 8 hours.This is already an amazing game, I can't wait to see what the future versions bring."
,Recommended,574760,33465091,Posted: 11 July,all,Woodchuck Norris,"This review is at about the stage of v1.0k (Since the game changes so quickly with the patching the reviews sorta need context)I've put more time into this game since it came out a week ago than I've put into nearly any big release game in the last 6 months. It's highly addictive, although with the balance changes in the patches since release a lot less time is devoted to screaming at the computer when a single asteroid put you into an unrecoverable situation.Now that the early game isn't like trying to dodge bullets, you can actually get to the late game reliably, and finally get to build the ship you want to... whether it be the streamer I've been watching who's built the Millennium Falcon, or whether you do what I did and build a totally unarmed mining ship that either runs or bribes their way out of every fight until they had the resources to strap 12 torpedo launchers onto it and blitz even the biggest enemy ships.Hopefully some more content will be on the way because once you get to a certain stage where survival is no longer a factor, things turn into a loop of mining and murder to get the resources for the last upgrades for your ship, or to bankroll the slow expansion into something the size of a Borg Cube. That said, the game is in alpha and only hit early access a week ago and the dev has been regularly updating the game.Pros:-Easy to learn the interface-Difficulty curve seems to be in the right place now-Build anything you want as long as you can gather the materials-Rapidly being updated, and the dev personally responds to questions and bug reports on the subreddit for the gameCons:-It's still very early days, so there are bugs-Not a lot to do late-game yet-No autosave combined with engrossing gameplay means you can lose track of time and lose an hour's progressConclusion:It's the most fun way to die in a vacuum and have your body float off into the infinite void."
76561198050127579,Recommended,574760,33504573,Posted: 13 July,all,cykodelik,"I'm also just posting a review to ofset the amount of negative reviews. The game as is gave me about 6 good hours of fun gameplay.At a glance:ProsFreeform spaceship building: Unlike FTL you are only limited by your resources. You can build that ship with 100 sheild boosters, It's just going to be hard work.Challenging gamelay: At the early stages at least. I imagine new threats will be introduced in later releasesMultiple strategies: Get good at running away, hide behind a shield, make sure you have bribes to fend off the baddies, carry a big gun. There are a good amount of ways to survive in ST.ConsNot very much content at the moment.Quite linear, aside from jumping out of battle you really just take what the game throws at youAll the other cons would really be lack of content :D*****I'd suggest picking this up to enjoy a easy paced sandbox experience and wait for new content to be released. The game has the framework to become something really great. I can imagine indepth crew RPG elements and choosing to warp off to fight armadas in your pimped out starship eventually.Suggestion to the author:  Please make it possible to play as if you were captaining Voyager, except you can be the totaly evil crew and act like the borg assimilating every species you meet at gunpoint (stealing their awesome alien tech). Throw stuff like reverse engineering, cybering up your crew, moral decisions, boarding etc in here."
,Recommended,574760,33549503,Posted: 14 July,all,Nerd,"This game has a fantastic idea, however it seems to be unbalanced in a few ways, for one there always is one resource that can never be found, another point being that the AI ships progress regardless of where you are technologically which puts strain on the player to keep up and be inovative with design and make interesting choices. However sometimes there is just one limiting factor like lack of a certain resource that just never seems to show up in the astroid fields. This in turn limits how fast you upgrade your ship.There is huge potential for this game to take off. It has many features for being this early in devellopement which is nice to see. As well it seems decently polished for what it is. Anyway great game, however still too early to make a definitive review."
,Recommended,574760,33884969,Posted: 29 July,all,(42o)+][)4|2|{+,"The all around game is good. the A.I. Definetly needs reworked. But it is still in alpha.had a hole in my ship, fires going etc. my crew just stood around, manually got the hole fixed, but the rest of them.. well lets just say my ship became an infurno. peoples health started dropping they wouldnt fix themselfs, heathypad seems useless.but to build a ship.. thats about as cool as this gets atm."
76561198012244318,Recommended,574760,33445656,Posted: 10 July,all,AV,Game is very fun if you learn fast and re load a lot. Find a crew. find a job. keep flying...
76561197989988212,Recommended,574760,34032203,Posted: 5 August,all,jobieusn,"So, Not a lot I can say about this game. If you like build-em-up games, This one is pretty good. As a lot of other reviews state, its pretty hard, so be ready to die... a lot.... And then you start doing ""ok"" and get blown up by running into a massive asteroid, cause ya know, nothing can be easy :).Theres a LOT worse ways to spend 12 bucks. Pick it up, read the player made help guides on the Steam discussions pages, and have some fun."
76561198075857284,Recommended,574760,33457402,Posted: 11 July,all,Binary,"FTL and Rimworld are 2 of my most favorite game, and I love them. This game is amazing, it adds the best parts of those 2 games. It is still brand new, and will get lots of updates in the future, but recomended!!!"
,Recommended,574760,33464052,Posted: 11 July,all,The Nigerian Prince,"This game is very much close to FTL and Rimworld (for all these views, its not really suprising is it?). The main problem of this game isn't exactly the difficulty, but the resource managment. you will have a lot of metal and a lot of gold, but you will never have enough silicone, which is essential to create weapons and defences. Because of this, there is a good chance for very new players to to die within the few minutes of starting the game. There is a trick of survival when it comes to this game too, which includes bribes, fleeing, or if you have weapons but underpowered, eliminating weapon power to the enemy ship. The game becomes a routine of loading and saving, oubviously because of the state it is in. You will face enemies who will have an abundance of turrets and weapons if you are too slow to catch up (and trust me, you will be slow), but the main factor is figuring how to deal with them. to whoever likes colony building games, i suggest watching videos to see if this game is interesting to you, and if you buy it without context, then be patient with this game. you will die, and restart, and probably die, but once you get to that breakthrough, you should be golden from there on out. Happy hunting!"
,Recommended,574760,33500733,Posted: 13 July,all,Osiris,"This was written while the game was still in early access so take everything I say with that in mind.The game is wonderful so far,  there are many bugs and balance issues for sure but the Dev is fixing them almost constantly.  The concept and the implementation are wonderful if your a fan of games like FTL or Rimworld then there is no reason that this game should not be in your library.All the features are not complete yet but the game is still in a decently playable state as is.  You can get quite a few hours of fun from it already and there only seems to be more things on the horizion."
76561198137861765,Recommended,574760,33510685,Posted: 13 July,all,vorkz,not bad
76561198141006958,Recommended,574760,33534371,Posted: 14 July,all,Im_ur_mum_m8,"This game is amazing. Its a good challenge, i however urge the creator of this game to tone down the RNG heavy gameplay, and make it more consistent. Its not too hard, its just that the game spikes very heavily, and that needs to be changed. This game in its current state isnt so much strategy, its more ""can you prepare for litterally everything to come crashing down onto your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"". Playing this will be frustrating, because no matter how much you plan, 1 little ship with one laser at the wrong time can kill you, if you dont have evasion prepared.The reason evasion is such a problem in the first place is not very complex either: the need for room; room for food, room for research, room for navigation, room for mining equipment, room for power. All of this need for room, and therefore need for more hull, cripples your evasion, and you might say: ""Oh dummy, then why not just wait with expanding?"" Cause you cant. You would need cargo room for that. But the cargo hatch cant provide enough, so waiting will result in a need to dump something, which in with this way of gathering resources is just  not acceptable.NOTE TO THE DEV: SOLUTIONS TO PROBLEMS WITHOUT REMOVING RNG INSIDE.-if you have an engine you can jump, it just might not go right and kill/damage you if you dont have enough evasion, because the current way jumping works renders it useless in the only part of the game that you really need it.Reason: You cant jump away from a minor threat because RNG decided you dont have enough stuff for 2 small engines? Too bad dumbass, you'll be killed by 1 laser over the course of 10 minutes.So i feel it should work more like an emergency escape, although i can see why it was a bit OP in the previous alpha, where you could use it even with -15 evasion.Another way of solving the problem could be by making small engines or navigation consoles more powerfull/easier to get. This would solve the evasion problem.*You could also slighty buff the cargohatch, up to 150 something slots, this would make grinding out materials viable, completely bypassing the evasion problem*Overall however, this game isnt bad, and once the RNG is a bit more stable, this game wil be absolutly fantastic. The game is NOT however, too difficult, so dont go and budge to make it easier, just make the game a bit more forgiving in the beginning, by relating reload speed of the FTL to mass maybe, and making it easier to use (instead of spending 30 metal just to have the room to feed your people and run away)"
,Recommended,574760,33554689,Posted: 15 July,all,Sporkmonger,"Cross FTL and Rimworld and you have Starship Theory. It badly needs a tutorial, but with a bit of help from YouTube or the community guides you should be OK. Definitely an interesting game design and pretty fun overall. It could benefit from just a little more scenario variety, but it's got tons of potential considering it's an EA title. And it's already pretty fun exactly as it is."
,Recommended,574760,33596907,Posted: 16 July,all,StupidBaby,"It's early, but the core gameplay is fun.I'm really looking forward to seeing where the developer takes this."
76561198025401758,Recommended,574760,33608829,Posted: 17 July,all,Lato87,"Starship Theory is an amazing FTL + Rimworld hybrid. You design your ship piece by piece, manage your crew, plan upgrades appropriately, and have deal with prioritization during emergency situations. It’s an awesome concept that really works and grows the genre.In my mind, there are 3 reasons someone would not recommend this game…1. The current state of the game. It is still an early access game. It is not a finished, polished product yet. It’s a work in progress that is constantly growing. Many of the reviews with less than 10 hours playtime not recommending this game are seeming to forget this. Giving something a ‘not recommended’ for it’s current state while it’s still being worked on is like saying you wouldn’t eat a meal that’s still being cooked. No one is saying it needs to stay the way it is, let it be finished before you judge it.2. Difficulty. This game can be difficult and punish you for your mistakes, but that just means you need to learn from them. Too many reviews say it’s too difficult when they haven’t even played long enough to learn the strategies. My first couple, or 5 to 6, games were wipes. However, every time I got a little further and became better. I’d say I’m now at a point where I can make due with any starting situation. This game does have a rouge-like flavor to it, and I love it! Being realistic, you only get one chance in space.3. Disliking the playstyle/gamestyle. If this is the case, then why’d you buy it? You knew, or at least could have look up, what this game is. No excuse, get a refund.For the price tag and what you get for it, this is a great game. Even better is knowing that more will be added."
76561197998605483,Recommended,574760,34412508,Posted: 22 August,all,Lone Bear,"Many journeys have I taken into the the unknown of space, floating in a tin can escape pod, with just my motley crew that I had optimistically named after my closest friends, only to see their cold frozen corpses float away, usually less than two minutes into the journey. I lost many ships, I lost Hope, Destiny, Serenity, Reason to live, Dreams; just to name a few.I learned that space is cold and unforgiving, with no potato my crews was have cold, dark and suffer from starve.Different decisions each time, but all leading to same tragic conclusions.I was taught by fire, explosion, space rock, torpedo, stupidity, starvation, thirst, suffocation, being left behind a ship warping away...Then I learned of the holy *SAVE* ability.It saved my sanity*_*(what little there was)The game is still not easy, takes lots of luck, but each encounter can have different outcomes.Once, I had a tantrum, that's how bad my luck was; about 3 fights in a row, that had decimated my crew. I was left with one third of them alive, ship had just survived multiple consequent hull breaches. Things were almost looking up. Then came some unknown sun that set half of my ship on fire, three crewmen are off to sleep, too exhausted to care. At least they died warm. My storage crates are on fire, hell, EVERYTHING is on fire. But all nearby workers are off to eat and drink, two actually die of thirst before they make it to the dispenser. And finally, I hear the sound of asteroids  hitting the front of the ship, aptly named ""Titanic"". I rage and walk away to chill, abandoning the last 3 surviving crew to their doom.THEY LIVED! well, 2 of them did. I was back few min later and somehow they had survived, shields were back on, and the fire extinguished, and they were busy repairing.I do daydream of additional features, it looks like a great foundation for an even bigger game, I would enjoy ability to fire off broadsides while maneuvering about naval battle style, to dock with trade stations, planets, research stations, to plot jump destinations to different sectors.But for now I'm happy to enjoy what I already have here.It is FUN, and I recommend it to anyone who cares. I know for sure that The Universe doesn't care."
,Recommended,574760,33451114,Posted: 11 July,all,LordHenryVonHenry,"Absolutely amazing game.Don't get me wrong, it is full of bugs that need to be fixed and features that need to be developed but the developer is doing exactly that. They have addressing issues raised the the community quickly and I have no doubt that this game will become one of the best of its kind.One of the best early access titles to show up on steam in a long time.My one complaint is how much of my time I have spent on this game.""I'll just build this one more expansion to my ship""*Two deadly asteroid fields, five annoying fires, one lot of jumping with my entire crew outside the ship and a new save game later.*""Oh look it is 5am..."""
76561198100213381,Recommended,574760,33458030,Posted: 11 July,all,[RIP] The Reaper,"This is an awesome game so far, simular to FTL and a bit of Rimworld but I can see that more down the road. The dev has been putting out patchs almost every day and I only see this game getting better.Dont mind the negative reviews from others people, most seem to just suck at the game and review after 30 minutes.Great game enjoy."
,Recommended,574760,33466048,Posted: 11 July,all,Fuzzbubble,Many say this game is too hard. I say this game isn't hard enough. Good though.
76561198006835194,Recommended,574760,33505188,Posted: 13 July,all,Tricky,"Tactical strategist, optimist and negotiator all at the same timeYou might of already guessed that this is a survival simulation game on board a star ship.  What you wouldn't of guessed, is that its addictive.It took me several tries over 15 hours to get it right, that does not mean it is repetitive, exactly the opposite and my ship is no where near finished! You start in a small ship, and as you sail along the oceans of the cosmos you will come across asteroid fields and either enemy or friendly ships that want to trade with you. You have several ""life or death"" choices to make as you build your ship from the mined asteroids, i.e: Do I build some more storage bays to hold more materials, or do I focus my time and materials on building a new weapon, or mining laser to gather more material quickly! There are so many variables in this game that make it addictive and exciting, not to mention the eerie space music.  Having played both Rimworld and FTL, where you can make more structured decisions, in Starship theory you have to be a tactical strategist, optimist and negotiator all at the same time, you cant plan ahead too far  like you can with Rimworld and FTL.Highly Recommended!"
76561198086630624,Recommended,574760,33836051,Posted: 27 July,all,Shockboys,"Wow. Just, Wow. Starship Theory is a super fun game. However, there is no tutorial. It makes me mad becuase there is no wiki either (makes sense, the game is very new). I have no idea how to play. The longest I have ever survived is the first star. My crew would put out the fire, then the fire would pop right up again. This would happen for a long time until all my crew members have died. But, besides all that, the game is great! But again, please add a tutorial. This game is so big and so complex that it deserves more good reviews! One last time, please add a tutorial. I've tried everything to get past that first star. Even getting a nav. system (which did nothing). Also, the mining laser overheats the system. I used it for less than two seconds and there is a fire. I don't know how people get they're ships so big!"
76561197979709607,Recommended,574760,34362316,Posted: 19 August,all,dwoolfy,"This is an interesting game where you mine for resources and then there is three type of situations.  One is the asteroid fields where you use your mining laser to get resources from the asteroids.  The second one is various visiting star ships.  The first two in a game are always friendly.  The rest are basically neutral or can be hostile.  Usually if you are well armed enough they stay neutral unless you commit a hostile action.  The third type of event is the star events.   Each star gives you heat generation and starts internal fires inside your space ship.  Therefore you need to have at least one person inside to put out any potential fires.Eventually the asteroids become just a source of resources and not a hazard to you.  The stars just become a semi-random event that you need to put fires out.  The only issue there is that as long as you have sufficient heat venting then thee stars are not going to be a major problem.The visiting starships need to be handled rather cautiously.  If you get too far along without having any weapons then they will become a major hazard.  The size and power of the visiting starships are completely related to your own ship's size or mass.  If you hover your mouse over the evasion modifier you can find out your mass and the same can be seen from the visiting ships as well.  For you to be able to build something interesting and powerful you need to worry about keeping your ships efficient or they will quickly fall to more and more powerful visiting starships.  My current ship has finished researching everything available and masses 123 and commonly has visiting starships that mass 140 or so.  I also get visitors that mass 60 or so.  Basically 3-4 designs are visiting me and I can kill all of them fairly easily.Explosive weapons are your friends for killing enemy ships as they cause fires which directly attack the ship's structure instead of their armor.  Other routes to take is to have 3+ weapons stations which improves accuracy and take out the power plants of the larger ships.  Killing them all will disable all a ship's systems including weapons and engines.  For defense your best bet is to focus on shields and increasing your basic structure points by armoring all your hallways.  Also as long as you boost your shield regen enough they make a great way to effectively harvest asteroids as the shields destroy the rock but not the harvestable resources.For operations, you need to have 1 navigation console so that you can go and direct yourself to the next event such as find a ship or find and asteroid field.  I avoid heat and mining consoles as their effects are completely minimal and it is just easier to fill that need by using components.  Armor and shield consoles are very useful and give out an improved regeneration rate for their respective type.  Shields protect the basic components while armor does not which is the reason shields are better in the long run than armor.  They also improve regeneration rates based on a combination of your station operator's ability and how much your base regeneration is solely based on your components.One thing that confused me when I first was attempting to play this game is how to grow your ship.  You do not create walls and fill in with flooring.  This method does not work at all as you are not building a building.  You need to completely fill in your space with hull and then you can build a floor on top of the center piece of any hull structure that is 3x3 or as long as there is no point touching space itself in all 8 directions.  I was trying to remove a wall and fill it in piece by piece which made it so I ended up causing my crew to suffocate.Having enough food is a challenge early on I recommend buying food from one of the first two ships if possible.  Also getting enough people to do the work that you need can be a challenge.  I have found that before I have unlocked enough of the components that it can be a problem.  I had 5 mining lasers and 6 laser turrets with about 10 mass.  In addition I had my navigation station and enough engines to give me a positive evade.  At that point I started using the navigation station to search for ships.  As long as I did not have to jump out from a much more powerful enemy which at 10 mass is not really much of an issue I was able to freely trade with most of the ships and all the other ones were not as well armed as me.  Make certain that you do not go overboard on building your hull out without keeping your ship well enough armed and defended to fend off any ships that you may come across.With my current ship of 123 mass I have 16 medium engines, 28 plasma turrets and 16 torpedo launchers.  I have 38 personnel and have to use 2 large plant beds to keep enough food 3600 shields with around 300 regen for them.  This is enough to easily kill most anything that I come across and if for some reason I am not careful and let them get through my shields I have 3240 structure using lots of hull braces in all my hallways. I also have lots of open floor space for more development.All my ships look a little boxy as that is a great way to use space.  I also do not have more than one room as building internal walls is a waste of space currently as those internal walls still would increase your mass which means that you would need to face larger ships.Overall for a recommendation this game has a bit of a learning curve and then it is fairly easy to build some great and powerful ships.  Unfortunately you need to focus on efficiency if you want to keep your ships in space which means that making cool looking enterprise type ships becomes difficult to say the least.  Making a borg ship just works better.  That might be why the federation needed dozens of their enterprise type ships to take out each of the borg type ships..."
76561198025117182,Recommended,574760,34392732,Posted: 21 August,all,swehack,"This game was super fun. I normally love games like Rimworld, Kingdoms and Castles, DF, Craft the World. Starship Theory fulfills all those needs for me.The only problem was that replayability is somewhat hurt by the mining ""minigame"" as some refer to it.I'm just not that co-ordinated with the mouse so it frustrates me a bit. I'm probably not the norm in that sense.Some people have complaints about balance and difficulty of enemies. Yes it is hard at first but after about 10-12 plays I managed to get a stable ship and crew going far enough to handle any enemy ships.The problem is that one mistake and you're dead. My mistakes include removing floor instead of building hull over it, thus venting air into space.But this can be overcome by building a modular ship with doors. Venting airlocks is in fact a quick way to shut down fires."
76561198030733621,Recommended,574760,33894234,Posted: 29 July,all,Cyrus Deacon,This game has some great potential. Put some hours in it already. I am keeping an eye on this one!
76561198000861513,Recommended,574760,34024488,Posted: 4 August,all,Bob 8887,"Well, it aint easy to please everyone.this game has potential and is already fun...IF RNGesus helps you a bit,Notes:- Tutorials and hints are missing up to this point,- Crew management can be tricky, it also seems only to work over shortcuts.- Crew skills are a mess where one klick can reset your progress...- in early game you get stomped alot, be it pirates or the fact that itemsdont tell you which way they have to be placed,- your starter ship is an escape pod.. that does not support life in any way..- Ui works like it is from ikea, you mix and match what you need.- mining is a minigame of the turd kind.. buuuuuttt i have seen worse..- lost crewmembers? good luck getting replacements.- food? lets autoassign the one crew member who sucks at growing it..well so far i do enjoy it."
76561198159623513,Recommended,574760,34149318,Posted: 10 August,all,e2thet,"I'm trying to understand the game...But..IS there even a tutorial?! Maybe i'm stupid and can't find it....But, I haven't seen a tutorial Icon or anything anywhere. Can anyone help me?"
76561198007482306,Recommended,574760,34284655,Posted: 16 August,all,alex.finkel82,"I do like this game so lets  get that out of the way. It is definitely an Early Access but compared to some it's very easily at a fully playable stage. As an Early Access I'm quite loathe to criticise the flaws but rather I'd list what could be improved in my opinion:Difficulty levels:The game is very difficult. Whilst this is a good challenge it's a fine line between challenging and frustrating. My first several play throughs left me thinking it was impossible but then I had a breakthrough and i've stuck with it but a choice of difficulty would be great as a new player.User Interface:I quite like the UI in that you can move the boxes around to find your style but a few UI/Game Mechanics issues can cause problems. Overheating is a pain in the a**e and you get very little warning other than your crew mentioning it in a speech bubble and the small indicator that shows a high number. As such an important game mechanic (i've blown up unexpecedly because of it!) I'd prefer a proper alarm/notification systemThe Alert Levels could be drastically improved to add flair. This type of game is crying out for a Bridge Commander style ""Go to red alert"". Other than a wimpering alarm you'd barely notice. Red flashing lights, a proper alarm, that's what's needed, I want the drama - I want to feel that pressing the Red Alert button is a big deal.Research Speed:Far too slow. One of the best ways to extinguish a fire is to vent an airlock but if you don't have life support you can't then re-oxygenate the air and this is a locked item. Either speed up research or make some things available from the start.Crew replenishment:Most of my play throughs see me losing some crew. My current one has 2 and they manage but I need more to speed up research/repairs etc and its only occassionally possible through passing trade. A mechanism for crew replenishment would be good.Asteroid Mining:So mundane, especially in the beginning when oyu only have 1 mining laser. Once you get laser weapons the process is much quicker - fire at the asteroid to break it up and then mine mine mine. But some way of auto-mining would be a godsend.Combat:It would be good to see the health of the systems you target on hostile ships - i.e. is it worth continuing or should i move elsewhere? Also not sure if it's just me but i find when the hostile ship rebuilds a componenet i've destroyed it becomes MUCH TOUGHER to destroy, sometimes impossible.All in all this is a good game and worth buying at the £8 mark i did. So much potential though.As the game itself is endless, part of the appeal is to create mighty ships - some way to speed this up woudl be good. For instance how about arriving at a space station occassionally where you can build hull for free/half price etc."
76561198031013067,Not Recommended,574760,34076169,Posted: 7 August,all,rp_gamer3000,"At it's current build the game is trash, You have to follow rules but the AI doesn't. Destroyed a ship and vented it to space no because what is lethal on your ship they can just rebuild with their limitless resourses that the must have stored up their collective butts as I destroyed their cargo hold. Fix this Cheap, Poorly made game."
,Not Recommended,574760,34617419,Posted: 30 August,all,Gato,"The game is very difficult to progress or get anything done in, and not in a good way."
76561198008048609,Not Recommended,574760,33637296,Posted: 18 July,all,ne_propheta,"I think this game isn't really needed because there are plenty of choices (i.e. Avorion) that lets you build your favourite starship in your very own way.I don't complain about how hard nor how easy this game is; don't bat an eye facing somewhat counter-intuitive mechanics. Because original ideas must override or extend previous ones, so it's all good.But, hey, even with a multiplayer, a procedurally generated galaxy, a more balanced AI and whatsoever, this game remain pointless.I want to thank Reconnect and his firm for the try and for the work, but I'm going to apply for automatic refunding.A little, stupid advice for whom is behind Reconnect's nickname: if starships' building and space exploration, combat and trade is your dream and your passion, please consider to lower the price - even in Early Access, with nothing more than playable barebones, 12 bucks are a bit too much (Shadow of Mordor now sells @ 20$ but, with respects, it's a whole different level of software, even if obviously older than Starship Theory). Let your dream and your game's vision spread freely; then you can consider a price rise."
,Not Recommended,574760,33659416,Posted: 19 July,all,YoBoiPug,way to hard make 1 tiny mistaek you are done
,Recommended,574760,33259602,Posted: 4 July,all,LumberingTroll,"Having fun so far! Starting out is a bit tough, but I like waht Im seeing."
,Recommended,574760,33483456,Posted: 12 July,all,Uncle Kappy,Keep up the good work ! Your game has a lot of potential.
,Recommended,574760,33488240,Posted: 12 July,all,nvrd,Still no OSX or Linux versions.
76561197973880388,Recommended,574760,33387737,Posted: 8 July,all,Lornie,"Its very early in devlopment.  I like what I see so far.  It does have problems though.  I had a lot of FPS issues on my last game, because I embiggened the UI.  The devloper seems to be working hard to make the game better, so I think its worth getting in early to help the game have the resources to realize its potential."
,Not Recommended,574760,33417277,Posted: 9 July,all,MtvYoloSwag,"Extremely difficult.  Expect to restart 10+ times before figuring out how to survive.Then again because you forgot something.  ♥♥♥♥ me!Not being able to walk through placed objects like a water cooler is extremely aggrevating, I've had to remove objects several times to get to a fire that was otherwise unreachable.  Having enough space to place items is hard early on while resources are limited.Growing food requires a science officer to constantly water a food pod, if you want to feed a crew of four I'd assume you would need at least two science officers watering two pods around the clock.  You can research larger pods that produce more food, but guess which type of officer does researching?  ♥♥♥♥.You get water/gold/silicon/metal from shooting lasers at asteroids, but shooting the lasers makes your system overheat.So you need heat vents to alleviate that issue.  2 vents per 1 laser makes constant firing achievable, but you also need cpu space to run these devices and also power them.  So you need more solar panels and cpu panels.Do all of the above while having 1+ science officer growing food, 1+ science officer researching advancements in tech, 1+ engineer to build things, +1 crew to put out fires, 1 crew to clean up poop and push your dead crew out the airlock because you failed.I played for about an hour and a half before I gave up due to the frustrations above.Hardmode rimworld in space for sure, I'd try again if there was an easy or medium difficulty.. If this was already easy ♥♥♥♥ my life."
76561198076965322,Recommended,574760,33513772,Posted: 13 July,all,Grunting For Effect,"Look, im going to recomend this because im a bit of a masochist and dying and re trying but doing it slightly better is kinda fun... The problem is, in this game it isnt.The first ship you start with is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and not only is it♥♥♥♥♥♥ building is hard to do from the pod, you dont have enough resources for a proper ship and the good bit (shields, good weapons, research) is locked behind a massive ♥♥♥♥ing grind. One that makes even me, a love of space ship games, indie games, any sort of farming game♥♥♥♥♥♥myself.The difficulty curve is not flat, its so ♥♥♥♥ing jagged I cut myself just looking at it, you are at the top of your game and then the game ♥♥♥♥♥ another level of ship (more guns, armor and shields). This is not a smoothe proces, you will feel the jump, this gives the game a feast and famine approach, but after a 10 hour run that ended in my guys all dying because ♥♥♥♥ fire. Im wondering if I want to try the game again, dont get me wrong, it was a massive ♥♥♥♥ing blast, this has kept me doing♥♥♥♥♥♥my entire summer holiday but idk if i can take that grind again.SoIn summaryGet this game, its so ♥♥♥♥ing unpolished and it kicks you in the balls, you ship will be ugly because ♥♥♥♥ building corner blocks. But ultimately its great.Have fun you masochistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,574760,33320626,Posted: 6 July,all,EGB Tatik,"Игра не логична! Чтобы построить комнату нужно застроить Hull'ом все пространство, но для чего спрашивается нужен пол.Когда пытаешься сделать все по логике, строишь сначала стены с помощью Hullа а потом ставишь дверь, пытаешься ставить пол, а в итоге видишь что твои люди в карабле начинают умирать.Сделайте нормальную игру, а потом выпускайте ее в ерли аксекс."
,Not Recommended,574760,33325049,Posted: 6 July,all,chiefyk,"Fun little game, but I can't recommend until it's balanced."
76561198005248610,Not Recommended,574760,33321402,Posted: 6 July,all,Elmberry,"The game falls short in many areas like hard to know in which direction to place items as your characters always complains about it. Very tiny area to build on causes it frustrating to build anywhere as it will block your characters who needs to move around. Mining feels just frustrating to deal with. Not fun at all. It feels it's a highly overrated game. 1-2$ is a better price for this game. They have pushed it way to early, this pre-pre-pre-pre-pre-alpha release of crap. Feels quite much work needs to be done so it's at least ok and even more work to make it enjoyable to play. However the game looks and sound fun until you start to playing it and start to feel the frustration almost immediately. It feels devs have done some wrong design decisions here. It feels they have not tested the game enough until they released it. Even with todays patch I got bored of the game almost directly. Very shallow game."
76561198274201373,Recommended,574760,33491490,Posted: 12 July,all,Potato Kuudere,"10/10 would not know what the hell I'm doing again. (at least it's like FTL, and that means it's good.)"
,Recommended,574760,33461973,Posted: 11 July,all,Abracadingus,"Great dev, great game!"
,Not Recommended,574760,35205195,Posted: 25 September,all,auamoti,"not yet fun,  can't recommend buying in current state"
,Not Recommended,574760,33260467,Posted: 4 July,all,FireFox21,"I've been interested in this game since i saw more then a few youtubers play it, i love rimworld so was looking forward to this.it has a lot of potential however it clearly still needs a lot of work, as in, why is the start of the game so insanely hard? my ship last for all of 15 to 20 minutes before things goes horribly wrong.This mainly due to the lack of ability to harvest resources before asteroids KO my ship, seriously! It never fails just when it seems that i'm making even the slightest bit of headway BOOM! huge asteroid takes out half my parts which I can't replace, or even any size one destroys my cargo hold then its just GG because now you can't hold any of the resources to replace the damn thing = /I've played a total of 15 ships, in just over an hour each time lost to the rocks floating in space; they are rocks right, Not some kind of heat seeking troll missiles?Game has a lot of potential and i mean a lot, don't take this as a bad review because i mean this more as pointing things out to the games creator that i don't like or think really need to be worked on and I look forward to where this goes and will certainly play it later, but at the moment is nearly unplayable, I'd recommend saving your money and waiting till its has some more work put into it"
,Not Recommended,574760,33667678,Posted: 20 July,all,xpisoverrated,Very poor
76561198097876667,Not Recommended,574760,33266308,Posted: 5 July,all,Scouts,this game is real hard i feel there need to be a setting to chage the AI level's 3 game in a row the 1st ship that show up to me have chain gun and i get wiped out or run about 30 mins and can't get any metal and get kill by a star over heating my ship and blowing up... the AI setting need to be worked on and u need a little bigger ship when you sart spawn as with in 10 mins your people start dieing of water and food sic u have no metal to build food and water andt the AI and the star love just love to take there out 1st so you can't live... i'll seen many many many youtube video around 30 hrs of game play and i'll never seen a youtuber have this gone on.i this game is fun but the AI are to hard to make this game funUpdata (game updata on 07/05/2017)so i just put 3 hrs in to this new updata and i'm going to have to keep my Not Recommended the AI ships are turned down but the star and rocks are stell real hard in the 3 hrs i just played i had to restart 9 time do to the sun and the rocks blowing up my ship or cpu/power making it so u can't rebuild your ship
,Not Recommended,574760,35094189,Posted: 20 September,all,fatmangamerz,honestly i have started using cheat engine to keep my resources high but even with that my ship will get blown up or my people die for no reason i will keep playing and hope it gets better but for now i do not recommend it
76561198042537457,Not Recommended,574760,33443867,Posted: 10 July,all,Omnipotent Entity,beeing buggy and EA is one thing but there should at least be basic functionality.
76561198099125702,Not Recommended,574760,33388912,Posted: 8 July,all,Arcterus,"this game is way to ♥♥♥♥ing difficult, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME>"
76561198197532131,Not Recommended,574760,33328328,Posted: 6 July,all,gdbutcher,Had this on my wishlist and bought it first day! But then realized it was made by sadists. Difficulty is insane. Play something fun.
76561198170375898,Recommended,574760,35314787,Posted: 29 September,all,Curved-Pocket,No Tutorial I Couldnt Understand how To Play
,Not Recommended,574760,33272824,Posted: 5 July,all,Pinkie Pie,This Game is incredibly difficult. Your ship will be destroyed about five times before you understand how and what to build.I literaly have 1 FPS in this game after 15 minutes of gameplay on Intel i5 and Geforce 1060. Not playable. For now.
76561197970763652,Not Recommended,574760,33573111,Posted: 15 July,all,Xen DK,♥♥♥♥
76561198006524453,Not Recommended,574760,33425565,Posted: 10 July,all,Hassie54,"So what is Starship Theory then? Well if Rimworld and FTL had a few too much vodka, and forgot to wrap it up, then this is the game that would appear 9 months later. The game starts you off very small, with almost no options with regards to your starting situation, which I do not like, but it is Early Access, so I hope that change in the future.The game definitely needs some functions to alter the difficulty of different aspects of the game. There are room for a number of new events to be added to the game, that can in themselves, affects the difficulty. Many new types of ships to fight, stopping at space stations, asteroid bases, landing on planet colonies as well as many other events of this sort that can be either helpful, or they can be pirates or are apart of a faction that is an enemy to you.The game at this point is definitely too hard for the average casual player. It is probably just on the harder side of many non-casual players. This game needs to attract as many people as possible to be a success, and that does mean making it's difficulty more in line with what a majority of people find enjoyable. Most games have a difficulty slider for people like you that want a harder challenge, without forcing everyone else to endure a frustrating experience for 90 minutes before refunding the game.I really think the game's difficulty should not be massively altered in any meaningful way, until after adding a lot more events and other in game ideas the dev has had. It is quite possible that with all the additions like these, the game could be a lot more fun, and even though it would remain very difficult, it may be fun enough that the average player would not mind playing it over and over, and losing over and over, getting better a little bit at a time, because of how enjoyable the process is. I look forward to how much this game will change in the coming months.All told, this game has a lot of potential, and for the price, as of writing this I believe it is about $12. Comparing this game to FTL and Rimworld makes a lot bit of sense, though it feels more like Rimworld in space. I hope the Dev (I believe it is a single person working on the game,) puts in the effort that the guy that is making Rimworld has done. Adding in modding support like Rimworld has, has created a game that at this point might be 10 times larger than the vanilla game provides players, and that is about as on the low side as I can be.This game really lends itself to 2 different MAJOR updates that from what I know, the dev will probably accept the first, that being modding support, and completely scoff at the second, that being coop multiplayer. Games like Don't Starve and Stardew Valley have proven the large player support for a full coop multiplayer function to games like this. Will the devs put in the effort to make this game 1-4 player coop? I doubt it unfortunately.I realize after reading this, my recommendation for this game may seem crazy, or lack there of. I am very strict when giving out my recommendation to games in Early Access that charge money. If a dev is looking to get some testers for their game, to make it better, giving out their game for free, ini a demo version or otherwise is possible. When a dev decides to charge money for their game, their game better be high functional, low bug count and/or give the people that purchase the game at this early stage a massive bonus for supporting the dev and testing their game for feedback. The combat in the game is meh, and gives nothing really, so that needs work. The difficulty, as mentioned, is on the very difficult side, to the point that it is very hard to get far into the game on a regular basis. All that being said, my options are very limited, in either to recommend this game, or to not recommend it. In it's current state, I would have to say that no, I could not recommend the game in this state, though I imagine the dev will continue to work on it, and it will get much better in the future. When that happens, I might take a look at it again, see where it is at, at that time and whether my review should be updated at that time.TLDR  Game is Early Access, and IMHO devs that charge money for a game that is not complete, are not high on my christmas list. Game needs work, a lot of work, and not sure how fast the 1 dev can finish this game. So given my 2 options, gonna have to say no to any recommendation friends"
76561198027971581,Not Recommended,574760,33328632,Posted: 6 July,all,Thorin,"Slow and annoying game, you have to tell your guys to put out a fire in a spaceship, or they just ignore it untill it kills them."
,Recommended,574760,33265242,Posted: 5 July,all,Kassar,"Second review for this:I was very displeased with this on release. Great potential, an idea of a game that I was eager to play since forever yet at that time it was unbalanced and buggy as hell... well, it took em 6 hours of feedback to iron the thing out... so how is it now?BETTERA LOT BETTERTL;DR: Give it a tryGame pretty much gives what it promised, a rather fast paced roguelike survival with some rather inteligent concepts and absolutely no tutorial yet. No biggie, plenty of stuff on yourtub to figure the basics out, so dont worry.Is it FTL? Yes, no... well sorta... tis like this: yes, you get to fight, not as often as FTL (and thank teh gods fer that), Fights are short, visceral, and occasionally absolutely unwinable. Keep your jumpbar fully charged if you get one of the latter ones... this is unfortunately the ONLY option you have that will let you survive those.Is it rimworld? Dunno, ait got to play rim yet :DInterface, slightly overwhelming at first, quite cumbersome later.GFX: look at the screenshots... you get what you see.Gameplay: fun. If you are into this sort of thing, you know, balancing your power gauges, taking risks and running away from their consequences... or dying... a lot. One can get plenty creative with the ship design, but until late in game its more of a case of need/want/can afford ratio... you do start in an escape pod after all.My current problems with it:Cannot stop or steer the ""ship"". Bcoz its not a ship. Its an escape pod, even when you build it up to the looks and size of a death star, the bloody thing will just continue hurling through space like a hive asteroid with your ants living and working aboard.For the time being, there are only 4 kinds of encounters,Asteroids (mine resources)Friendly ship (trade some, very limited)STAR (will try to burn you, have heatsinks aplenty and this will not be a problem)Hostile ship (will try to blast you, duh... can be escaped from via jumpdrive, can be defeated or bribed to go away)Food growing, requires a science personel at the potted plant station watering it... like constantly, you'd imagine the plants would do the growing on their own.My wishlist:Helmsman station (It'be nice to move out of the way of the asteroid at some pointMoar Encounter types (tis an alpha afterall)Some actual points of interest and a galaxy map to choose destinations. The game as is would be a great transition between the said points, fer instance travelling with a load of food frm station A to starving planet at point B takes 3 days... a.k.a. 3 random encounters on the way.Maybe battlelines and territory takeover......rant over"
76561198126346746,Recommended,574760,33358037,Posted: 7 July,all,Samantha,"I think think this game is off to a great start.  Obviously (as of July 2017) it is still very early in Early Access and there are some bugs and balance issues.  But that is to be expected at this stage of development.  The dev has been very active here and at the game's subreddit, and has shown that he is listening to our feedback and working hard to fix the issues that people are having.  There have been a lot of updates here in the first few days after the game came out in EA which is a sign of how much the dev cares about the game.Right now the game has enough content and is fun enough to justify its price at $12.  And it very much feels like it has the potential to be a really great game with more balancing and content.  I have enjoyed my first few hours of playing the game and have seen the game get better with the updates that have been pushed out.  At this point at least this definitely is a game that doesn't guarantee that every run will be successful.  Sometimes there are a group of adverse events that occur that are difficult if not impossible to recover from.  So be prepared to start over a lot.  But even as asteroids are hitting/destroying vital components and my crew is (clumsily at times unfortunately) struggling to put out all the fires and repair the damage, the way the game is designed it can be fun to try to figure out how to recover from being on the brink of disaster.  And I feel like I am learning from the failures and getting better at the game and that is one of the things I love about playing video games.So I recommend the game for people who are willing to spend some time to learn how to play.  There might not be much of a tutorial until later in the development process since the frequent updates that this EA is likely to get would be very time consuming to keep the tutorial updated day to day.  And also for people who don't get too frustrated with having to start over while they are figuring things out.  This game doesn't guarantee a path for success in every run although it does give the player options to recover when things go wrong if they can stop and think about how to use the game's functionality to solve the problems.   If you are uncertain about buying it now in this early state of EA then I would definitely recommend putting it in your wishlist and watching to see how it develops over time.  I like what there is now and can't wait to see what this game becomes in the future."
76561198017437718,Recommended,574760,33357522,Posted: 7 July,all,Tostreim,"Definitely still early access, but the game overall has potential and is quite fun in its current state.I'd recommend picking this up or at least following future development if you enjoy management/building games similar to rimworld."
,Recommended,574760,33360015,Posted: 7 July,all,SmartGuy202,"Those with frail hearts be warned, with this game in its early version, the early game difficulty curve rivals that of Dark Souls. And even late game, the loss of attention for just a minute could result in your crew floating in the empty void of space for eternity. Though with near daily updates, that curve is constantly being refined.Now, as this is also an early version, there is the occasional bug, but so far as I have encountered, nothing game breaking and nothing that I've seen not shortly crushed by the dev once discovered. (Ok, I'm tired. Not sure how many double/triple negatives we just blew though there. TL;DR: Very Active Dev).Hazards are currently few in number as far as variety, resulting in just three varieties at the moment. But, I have no doubt that there are several in the pipeline.All in all, the other reviews decribing this as a merging of FTL and Rim World could not be more right. Even in its current state, this game is well worth the $12 price tag and this is just the beginning. I would absolutly recommend this game to anyone looking for a challenge."
,Recommended,574760,33359331,Posted: 7 July,all,ahhbees,Brutal and fun.
,Recommended,574760,33300320,Posted: 5 July,all,Mightyrick1,"I'm happy to say that I've been able to edit this review, the game was earlier a bit too difficult, and the start was up to RNG, but the developer has listened to feedback, the start is now easier, the UI saves and a lot of other good improvements. The game is still in very early stages, but it has a lot of promise!"
76561198045004605,Recommended,574760,33339483,Posted: 7 July,all,Eightshot,"Please see edit below.The Pros: This game has the POTENTIAL to be absolutely amazing. The developer seems to be releasing updates on a fairly regular basis. hopefully fixing bugs quickly.The Cons: In it's current state it is unplayable, it could have done with just a few weeks more of development (even for an early release title). I've been playing it for 2 or 3 days and have already experianced several bugs which make the game unplayable. The difficulty is WAY too high, think Rimworld if the first raid contained a hundred people with high end equipment, that difficult.On top of this, the events are limited to: Star, everything starts burning (and the AI GENERALLY has to be micromanaged to actually put the damn things out) asteroid field (Mine for resources and avoid being hit, even when early game you can't do a  thing about the big'ns and fellow ships which are either friendly and you can (if it werent for the bugs)  trade with them or hostile (and generally out class your ships by a massive margin) and instigate  fight (which, after the first couple, you will lose and game over.)I'll update this review as updates happen but as things stand, it starts off difficult, and ramps up to impossible within 30 minutes to 2 hours. I want to love this game but honestly can't recomment it in its current state.EDIT!!: the game has been made easier as of 12/07/17 however it still suffers from extremes, It is still difficult (though now not impossible) to get past early game. mid game is okay, though research takes a LONG time unless you have multiple consoles. and End game, with this being a sand box style of game, is sort of a breeze, once your ship gets to a certain size, only 2 kinds of ship show up. one which is basically wiped out in the first volley and the other (which is basically an enterprise rip off) which offers some TINY amount of resistance.It is however in early alpha so hopefully the dev will give us some sort of end game goal eventually (it took a while for Rimworld to give us the ships)If i may make a recommendation to the dev, offer some sort of way for people to upload their ships to steam or via some other source. Then have the computer find other ships of the same size and send those at the player either as traders or enemies. That would offer some considerable verity.I would also like to see even bigger versions of everything, a ""monster"" generator for example which is 5x5 and offers 5000 power and we definitley need a 2x2 or 3x3 CPU.In general i would also like to be able to zoom out further as currently at end game i can't even fit my whole ship on the screen. (though that may be me being a little excessive :)As it stands i would recommend the game, but please be aware before purchase that it is still a very difficult game to get started with."
76561198005090170,Recommended,574760,33267254,Posted: 5 July,all,pure_darknessii,"Update. 7/7/17Having taken the advice of the commenter below I have learned to play. Don't dismantle your engines, turn them off yes, but do not dismantle them. I have created a pretty successful ship and find the updated game to be much less punishing and much more fun. My only real complaint with the game as it is now is the lack of content, and poor AI. Its early access so those things will come in time. If you're struggling watch some youtube vids, but only the most up to date ones.Where to begin with this game. Its an early access title so don't expect a lot of material right out of the gate. It doesn't really have much to offer in the long term, but it does have the charm of FTL though. What I do not see is the rimworld reference, the only similarities to rimworld are the pawns and the top down square building. I find rimworld to be much more engaging and really allows me to sit down and sink 4 hours no problem into it. Unfortunately, this game doesn't have the same effect, It is pretty fun to play for an hour or so, but after that I found myself kinda bored with the repeating scenery.  The game is a continuous scroll from mineable asteroids, to a trader/attacker, to a sun/overheat encounter. You do continue to improve your spaceship as you mine more minerals and so on.I find the learning curve to be a bit on the steep end. The game is pretty tough to master as there is absoluetly no hand holding, and just when you're doing well you get clobbered by a much more advanced hostile ship or your ship burns down because you got an asteroid field in with a sun.Check out youtube for some pretty good explanations and walkthroughs for beginners.To be honest though, I do look forward to seeing the ideas the dev can implement, but I as of right now I recommend you wait until it has more content, and hopefully a tutorial or something of that nature. I am going to continue to play the game and see if I am just missing something or what. I will update my reveiw after a while. I for one am excited to see what the future brings for this game. Player made mods would really make this game shine."
,Recommended,574760,33264361,Posted: 5 July,all,skatche,"[EDIT] I wrote the following negative review after the game came out, but I'm changing it to a positive. No fewer than two major updates have come out since the release yesterday evening. I've got a good feeling about this one.Buy this game if you feel like playing $13 for the opportunity to be a playtester. Don't buy this game if you just want to play it -- it has some serious and basic balance issues in its current form, including some that weren't even present in the pre-release YouTube videos etc. The early game is based too much on luck -- the game doesn't give you enough resources to build the very basics, so you end up having to gamble on what disasters you don't expect to encounter. Combat is skewed -- solar panels and CPU panels are two-hit kills for a single laser turret, and the AI knows it. Although it doesn't take much time, I don't want to rebuild CPUs and solar arrays in mid-combat, since it doesn't feel realistic. The AI has no such qualms. Overall, the impression is of playing a tile-based game loosely based on starships, rather than of building a ship. I look forward to changing this review to positive once a few more major releases have been published."
,Recommended,574760,33331778,Posted: 6 July,all,twitch.tv/Teck1015,Latest update has answered most concerned in regards to RNG.I'm very fond of this game as of late.
76561197982999583,Recommended,574760,33355959,Posted: 7 July,all,H2 |SpaceyGnat ^-^,If you like space and build spaceships then this is the game for you.
76561198007020128,Recommended,574760,33385682,Posted: 8 July,all,dreeves28,"EDIT 09/07/17My main bugbear with firefighting having been patched I can fully endorse the purchase of this early access game.I'm having a lot of fun, whilst content is somewhat limited you have the skeleton of something special. Given the price point will rise as more content is added this is your time to get onboard!"
76561197986956438,Recommended,574760,33298071,Posted: 5 July,all,main,"I like space games! There's something about the lonely void  that intrigues me and when I saw a video of someone playing on youtube, I couldn't wait for release.   I've enjoyed Faster than light, and spent an unatural amount of time enjoying and learning the ropes of X3, a different genre I know.I know I've only put three hours into the game, but I've also spent a good amount of time reading how to get started.I understand how the game works, but It's just too hard; and not hard in a good way either. Everytime I manage to get ""Good start"" A massive asteroid hits, destroying a component (solar panel) , more often than not having a knock on effect, leaving me without the resources to recover, or the power the mine more.Graphics are not really important to me, but the basic yet functional visuals cause the game to become sluggish and lose FPS.Sorry but I can't recommend.    CORRECTION Now I do recmomend this game. Now that I actually have a chance :-D"
,Recommended,574760,33359420,Posted: 7 July,all,Amaro Kai,Frustratingly hard but still fun.     Dev very active and updates with fixes every couple of days.
76561197997863040,Recommended,574760,33448394,Posted: 10 July,all,Marcus1010,"Game has a nice framework and an easy to grapple with UI.Most comments reference difficulty in the game, whether or not it should be in the game, to what extent, and whether the begining of them game(especially heat generation) limits resource gathering.My issue here is just the mechanics of gathering materials in this game.  Every single piece of mined asteroid material must be mined by hand, manually with the mining laser that cannot be automated by a crewmember.The creator has said in the discussions that he will not be adding an auto-mining feature to the game.  This mixed with a high requirements for ship components, makes for a tedious slog.In the time it took for me to get to two heat vents and a mining laser so that I could mine semi-continously(basic resource gathering), I could be halfway through my third sector in FTL.For the moment, observe the game, and wait for later updates.  In the future, be aware at the tedious nature of resource gathering favored by the game creator.  Expect this review to be updated on the full release.Edit: 7/19/2017  Creator has backstepped some of his statements on auto-mining, stating that he will be adding mining drones for passive resource gathering to stand beside the more active mining using the lasers.  I think this is a good step forward and am excited to see the sorts of choices we are allowed to make with our builds, allowing for different playstyles.In addition to this, the creator has added additional resources to the game, with better drop chances for asteroids, so he has listened to most of the community on what they percieve as holding the game back.People are correct on comparing this game to base builders instead of games like FTL.  It is a fundamentally slower game, as such the comparison is a bit off.  So when I compare this game to something like Oxygen, the sluggish nature of the game is obvious.The only thing stopping you from progressing in Oxygen is your ability to perform research, your base planning, and keep your dupes alive.  Thankfully Oxygen gives you tons of advantages for the first few cycles, rocks that seep breathable air, already planted crops for you to harvest, and a convenient area with good temperatures and a readily available source of metal for you to craft every single machine that you can research.  The limit to your progress is research timers and your skill, with resource gathering opened up to you as soon as you leave the gate and more sustainable materials and resources blocked off by environmental effects that you overcome in the midgame.Starship Theory's early game was explained in the following, you cannot even begin to oxygenate your ship, feed your crew, vent heat, or gather resources.  Gathering resources is something that you need to build up to.As has been commented on this review, one can build two mining lasers and two heat vents with the starting cash and be ready to mine before the first asteroid belt.  This is almost true, you can build them, but you won't have the energy or cpu to power them all without getting extra silicon from another source.  That being said, changes to rng of drops, one miner in the early game is all you really need.  The game has a nice, gather->expand loop that makes me feel like I'm making progress with a living ship, not drifting around in a tub that catches fire and can't mine for♥♥♥♥♥♥Mining, expansion, and crew needs can now be reached without needing to spend a rediculous amount of resources on just mining(even CPU panels had their efficiency boosted for an easier early game, but call me out if that's not the case).  Again, a sign that the creator is taking the feedback of the early game slog and changing.  Nothing but positive points to the game's credit.For this rapid change to the early game balance and seeking to vary the options for players to proceed through the game, my review is shifting to a positive one.  Albeit, I would recommend waiting for the game to leave early access due to the rapid changes we are seeing so far, (unless you enjoy works in progress)."
76561198038288376,Recommended,574760,33530014,Posted: 13 July,all,ur238,"Trying to learn this game is frustrating, but after a lot of luck and returning to saves it worked.  The mid and late game are quite fun. Hey, Dev, what about a story mode where there is a nice 2D map and a few choices?  Also, I really would like to recommend a way to make MREs and bottled water available to the crew with a smaller footprint.  That early game is tough!"
76561198098160173,Not Recommended,574760,33713403,Posted: 21 July,all,$teamygreenfart,"STARSHIP THEORY was instantly a must have for my collection, due to its concept and execution, with wich I am very impressed. I see a great future for this genra changing gem.looking foward to more bug fixes and improvments. Still currently un playable, due to the lazy worker bug, however the fire problem has been fixed.I really like the concept of this, however I am dissapointed to say that I'm beginning to believe that this game must have been designed by a professor of gaming because it seams that its design is to prevent sucess and cheating at all cost, I think Its in the base concept as far as coding, good luck finding enjoyment until its balanced. truth tells all. constant conflict will not create a great game, its the balance of conflict and peace that creates a great game, much like the game of life we are all subjects of, or the movies we all love to watch. Take note great creator please!I will quickly change my review as the game hopefully improves!"
76561198009509328,Not Recommended,574760,33391354,Posted: 8 July,all,Hopdevil,"The game is not complete.  Stopped getting updates shortly after release.   They say the dev's wife had a kid.  So I guess that means it's okay that the game is still incomplete.Too bad, could have been good one day."
,Not Recommended,574760,33271710,Posted: 5 July,all,Timberfox,"Edit: The dev has stopped posting to reddit/forums.  While it was fine for him to go slient for a few weeks to spend time with his family; he hasnt really given any indication to his plans/dedication to finishing them game.  Id want to know a roadmap/feature list before recomending anyone else buy it.  Thumbs down untill communication levels change.Old review:Its not really ready to play; but what is shown are the ship mechanics, which are the most important part, so i'll give it a thumbs up.The things i hope to see adressed first:The 'scenario' for the current start is lame, and you basically have no room/space/resources to expand/explore game mechanics.  After Hours of playing, i learned you have to basically do the same strategy in the exact same order to not die.  There really wasnt any choice on how to play.Basically no interaction with a story/NPCs like you would in FTL, just basic trading mechanics for now.  Astroids and Mining arent fun.  All of my games ended due to AI not being able to path to fire/ or a single astroid one shotting my storage; destroying all of my materials.  Once your only storage is destroyed, you likely dont even have the materials to rebuild.  In early game you wont have the space/resources to have redundant systems/ect.  And i cant imagine ever getting enough materials to have any ship that you see in the screen shots.Mining is really boring, and needs to be automated/defocused after super early game."
