user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198044110464,Recommended,575940,30605224,Posted: 18 March,all,Calavontis,"Combines a lot of unorthodox mechanics in terms of character progression, combat, leveling, etc.  I am still getting a grip of how to pilot this thing but so far it's really fun just exploring all the new mechanics.  Very cool.EDIT.  After playing it for more, I gotta say the game is POLISHED.  I finally got used to the combat system for the most part and it's really something.  You have to test out each move yourself to understand what they really do as the UI isn't super clear (which is a little issue, but adds to the experimenting part of the game IMO).  Once you understand how the targeting of the ability works (say, if an original targeted enemy dies, what does it target now?), you need to be able to combo and chain the selected abilities of your character to execute them at maximum efficiency.  I just fought what seems like the second boss and it is not exactly a walk in the park.  The game offers a nice challenge.The characters are also charming.  The story isn't exactly your kids novel but sometimes it does get a little cliche or cheezy.  But there are always moments where you see strong undertones of something deeper.  Character are hinted with mysteries and have distinct personalities.  People talked about how there is a lot of reading but honestly they are some really solid diagloues in a fantasy / adventure setting.Lastly i want to add on, the character progression in terms of stats and leveling in this game is pretty fun.  It's not your typical skill tree to attribute allocation.  Leveling up is almost a mini game in and of itself, as you puzzle together stats upgrades onto a board with resitriction of placements.  Deciding whether you want to maximize your potential stats gain vs how quickly you want access to additional abilities, and adjusting how much resource you want to spend on utilizing each of your character's unqiue traits.  The character building in this game is way more dynamic and entertaining than classic RPGs.  And since there is so many places to use your items (which is basically fuel for stats gain / ability activation / etc), you are constantly developing your character as you play.  There is never a dull moment that makes you wanna grind for the levels or exp.Some people find these new systems and mechanics overwhelming and ""overly complciated"".  It's not.  They are just different.  Takes some time to adjust to, but really easy to pick up since the concepts are pretty intituitve.  The only thing is you have to try thigns out yourself, since the game doesn't explain every little detail of how the skills work.EDIT NUMBER 2:Okay, so just as I am starting to get deeper into this game, I came to the realization just how freaken high the skill cap is in this game.  You can get through it without that much of min-maxing, but for those who enjoys solving for efficiency and opitmization problems, this game is quite a challenge and it is really fun.Let me explain the combat system a little more for those who are interested.  You start by planning your character's moves, then there will be an exectution phase where you act out your character's qued moves in the order you want.  Some abilities require you to activate them a few times (chain attacks, etc) so it's not just press three buttons in order you wanted.  Keep in mind the big part of this is you don't know your enemies current HP, so if an enemy dies mid combat you might want to switch up the order to maximize damage and targetting.  More importantly, the execution phase is TIMED.  There is a very real time aspect to this seemingly standard turn based RPG.  But that's just the basic of it, each of the character's unique design has a lot to do with what you are actually going to be planning and thinking.Just for your to get an idea, the ""roguish"" character has this design where before the battle you basically fuel his pack of throwing knives with items, which magically empower the knives with elemental damage.  Each of the item will give specific slots (basically numbered knives) elemental damage bonus, and as you use your knives in fights the knives rotate.  So for the first turn you might have 2 fire knives and 2 ice knives but later on your knives may be 4 posion knives.  Eventually, you go back to the start of the que again and etc.  What this means is, when doing many of the rogue's throwing attacks, you can see what element is comming up next.  But what this also means is that in case where you fight vs foes that have different elemental resisteance and weaknesses, you are going to need to control your attacks!  Imagine during the 10 sec you have to execute all your moves you realize that the weak-to-fire foe is going to die and your ice dagger is going to hit an ice elemntal.  So you switch up the order and have have your rogue hit first and then send in the knight to finish the ice elemental off.  But then you realize that this would lead to your mage's aoe only doing damage only to 2 enemies instead of 3 (which is a big deal in this game, you fight mobs and mobs of enemies.  In addition, if you finish of melee fighers at close range faster that means less attacks against you, so min-max pays off). Furthermore, imagine a case where your next few attacks are all different elements, that's even more improvisation you have to make as the situation develops (remember, no Health bars for enemies!)  All this stuff is just for one aspect of a single character's ability.  He does other stuff to like bombs and♥♥♥♥♥♥  THERE IS A LOT TO MASTER IN THIS GAME, BOTH REAL TIME AND STRATGIC PLANNINGOf course, you don't have to do all that.  I am not able to master every move I make.  But for those who loves to learn how to master the mechanics of a game, or even fancy the idea of a challenge, this is a really good pick up, AND ONLY FOR 10 BUCKS!Final EDIT:Finished it.  Great experience.  For a indie game if this is not a 10/10 I don't know what is.I think I undersell other aspects other than game mechanics from what I said above.  As I played more and more it became evident that the story is actually really good.  By the end I didn't really care much for the fights but rather the plot and the characters.  While at first the story seems cliche and simple, you do eventually find yourself feeling for the characters as the plot thickens with multiple factions doing their own things.  Character that you might like dies or sacrfises themselves, past stories that nobody want to be forced to remember, tragedies, etc.  It is certainly not the most epic story ever told, but it far exceeded my expectations and I felt that I didn't do it any justice with my focus on game mechanics.Another thing is that I underestimated how much platforming and puzzels were in this game.  This isn't portal or anything but the game does a good job of keeping things fresh by rotating the gameplay often.  It's a very solid mix.Now for some cons, cuz every game has them:- by the end of the game I felt combat was getting a little stagnent.  It comes down to using whatever most powerful moves you can each turn given how much mana/SP you had left.  I didn't really pay attention or care for stuff like debuff and whatnot, just try to do maximum damage and aoe.  Boss fight was still challenging, but the fights do get a little repeatitive.  Keep in mind I am a person who gets bored quickly, and I haven't played the end game content, and lastly I still enjoyed the combat for the majority of the game until I was maxed out and maybe even overlevled.  This shouldn't be that big of a deal.- lack of information.  This isn't bad either really since I love discovering game mechanics for myself.  The ability would say ""gives hinder debuff"" but not tell you what ""hinder"" does.  I still have no idea what G.Break means even though it's on every ability.Ultimately, amazing game.  Definitly a buy."
,Recommended,575940,30575319,Posted: 17 March,all,mungbean,"I was just browsing New Releases and saw this game by chance. I thought it was gonna be a mobile game type game, but decided to give it a chance after looking at the screenshots and realizing it was more than that.I'm about 30 mins. in and so far I like the game. It's incredibly polished, it's not RPG Maker, OST is good, no auto-save (throwback!), and character progression/combat mechanics have some depth and are quite interesting. The bit about the game introducing unique mechanics is definitely there. Oh and there's a mini card game!The only thing I've encountered so far is if 1 character finishes off the last enemy, the other character is still locked in their combo state until I press the necessary button (A, B or X).Other than that, so far so good and great job on the release. Can't wait to play more."
,Recommended,575940,30660135,Posted: 21 March,all,🐧 crow,This is like some kind of weird throwback to the ps1/saturn days before people realized what game design was. The combat system is confusing and has lots of mechanics that you need to read the manual or ask the developer or be psychic to understand; it has pixel-art over painted backgrounds; it has terrible voice acting; the plot is about human-people being racist to animal-people; and there are elemental colored dragons. It's basically Crono Cross. Do you like Crono Cross? I like Crono Cross. 10/10
76561198013427557,Recommended,575940,30580339,Posted: 17 March,all,Sir Coyote,"The day I saw this game in Steam Greenlight, I immediately gave this game high hopes. I was even more excited about it when I played the Demo and now, even though I'm only nearly an hour into the game, this is everything I hoped it would be. The art style is amazing, the soundtrack is great, enjoyable characters, and the combat system is very well done. This is an RPG well worth the wait."
,Recommended,575940,31049101,Posted: 9 April,all,whats up video gamers,"The Tenth Line is a very solid JRPG that does a great job with its presentation. The mechanics can be overwhelming at first glance, but the game does a good job pacing itself so that you learn what the menus do as you progress. It’s a sort of shout out to a lot of RPGs from the late 90s and early 2000s and seems to draw a bunch of inspiration from titles like Valkyrie Profile, FFX, and Wild ARMs 3. If you’re a fan of the genre, I would give this game a look!Read the full reviewhere!It was too long to fit onto steam so unfortunately I had to upload it elsewhere V:"
,Recommended,575940,30595728,Posted: 18 March,all,Yurionize,"A JRPG in the veins of Valkyrie Profile, The Tenth Line is a nice game that has good writing and a gameplay that is both easy to understand and complex enough to optimize for people who are into customization."
,Recommended,575940,30861387,Posted: 31 March,all,Jozz,"A fantastic turn-based RPG experience that came out of nowhere. The game hooked me with its charm and then kept me with its surprisingly well-written dialog and character development. Every character has a clear reason to exist and be with the party throughout the story. There are many twists big and small that kept me glued to this game. I had trouble sleeping for a couple of nights over the course of my playthrough because of my desire to see how the story unfolded.Like many have mentioned, the combat system has a steep learning curve. I have never played a turn-based RPG that requires such a great of amount of attention, pacing, and strategy as this one. The game starts out easy enough but ramps up the difficulty real quick, to the point where you may have to consult the manual and/or the disccusion forums to figure out how to play better. If you like your games to be challenging, you will probably love this, but if you don't have enough patience to fail a few times before things click, this might not be for you. I spent four hours on a main story boss (I'm sure everyone who's played this knows exactly who I'm talking about), but I had a real blast figuring out how to win (It's worth noting that this boss had been toned down since I played). There is a story-only option that supposedly removes encounters on the way to bosses and makes bosses simpler. I think the story and writing alone makes this game easily worth it, so this is likely a good option for those who get frustrated spending so much time figuring out how to beat a game (though personally I think removing the hardship of the encounters makes the experience less epic).The difficulty comes from the huge amount of mechanics this game has; if you neglect just one of the many things that goes into the performance of your characters, you may struggle (examples include weapon training or replacing obsolete upgrades). I was still learning more by the time I reached the end of the game, which can be a good or bad thing, depending how you look at it. That being said, I think the number of mechanics could have been toned down a bit. Perhaps leveling up or weapon training could have been simplified. You will spend a lot of time in menus because of how much you are able to tweak your party members. Personally I love this kind of thing, but I know plenty of people who find stuff like this to be tedious and interruptive (especially if you are one of the fair amount of gamers that found FFX's sphere grid system or FF7's materia system annoying).Platforming is used as a means of traversing the levels. Compared to other platformers, it's nothing special, but I did enjoy it as something interesting to do in between battles and story segments. I think it's a good alternative to simply walking around like in your typical classic/retro-inspired turn-based RPG. You have to guide each of the 3 characters through a section to advance. Each character has a different groundspeed, airspeed, and jump height. They each also have a unique overworld ability (e.g. ability to push rocks), so you occasionally need one character to help another one out, especially if you go for 100% treasure collection. None of the platforming is very difficult, in my opinion, but it can be pretty punishing if you miss a jump in certain levels as you will have to retraverse a lot of the level. This can also happen if you get ambushed (run into an enemy without attacking), as this often results in a gameover (espeically later on) depending on how far your characters are from one another in the level.The OST was a real pleasant surprise coming from a game of this production value and a composer who, prior to The Tenth Line, had never completed a commercial project. Many songs feature emotional melodic swells that really fit in with the story that give me shivers. There is a great variety of music here that reminded me of the importance of quality music in an RPG experience.Overall the game's virtual presentation and art were, in my opinion, good. Nothing amazing, but the envrionments were detailed enough to keep me immersed in the setting. Most importantly, the visual style of the characters and environments is highly consistent and cohesive.Most of my complaints are minor.As said before, I don't think the game needed to be so complex. While some will absolutely love the amount of depth this game has, I feel that most will wish it wasn't so complicated.I wish the particle effects were a little more detailed. Most of the elemental attacks were more or less just blobs of color. Animations are good enough but could have been smoother.One last thing. The lone developer is awesome. If you have absolutely any problems with the game, you can post in the discussion forum and he will likely respond personally within the day (if not the hour). It's obvious he has put his soul into this game and that he wants little more than to give his players an awesome experience. I look forward to his future work.edit: Added paragraph about platforming."
,Recommended,575940,30660714,Posted: 21 March,all,Enfys Ellezard,"Edit: add a few more opinions based on the recent patches that improve alot of Quality of Life issues and balance/mechanic issues. They can be found in bold.Bought this 2 days ago and had to marathon it to 100% completion in 20 hours. Right now, I'm still playing it on NG+ for the sake of the challenges the game has to offer.The Tenth line is a great RPG game especially for those who are familiar with Valkyrie Profile and its battle system. You play as a group of 3 travelers. A girl, a talking fox (kobald) and a black dragon mage traveling from one location to another. Along the way, they will make new friends, enemies and the usual RPG crap.Well then, what makes The Tenth Line good since I just say the usual RPG crap will happen?Some of the pros of this game.Plot:The plot is actually quite good. Characters will go through development and have great dialogue between each other. Plot armors don't really exist and if something happens on the screen, it stays that way. Nearly everything actually happens for a reason. While the general plot might seem straight forward at first, there's actually quite a few twist here and there.Combat:The combat has a rather steep learning curve at first because the game has ton of stuffs for you to learn and all you have is a bunch of text tutorial. It might take you a few hours (or even halfway through the game) to finally be able to dodge and properly use super block or block breaker. However, once you do figure it out, it's fun burning through an entire group of enemy in a single wombocombo.Stat System:If you have ever played FF10, you will love it. The Tenth Line uses a board-based stat system. You start at a certain source point on the board and you have a bunch of empty space where you can use level up point to put in new items and gain additional stat based on what you used and what slot it is. For example, a red slot will double all attack bonus so a +2 atk will become a +4 atk when used on that slot.For those who love to min/max, you will love this system alot when you try to maximize the stat and even put something like +Atk in a health slot instead if you find the extra health unnecessary.For those who just want to play the game normally, no need to worry, even the post-game bosses can be cleared with minimal stat optimizing. You can just insert the proper color into every slot with the best item you can find from just going through the game and it will still be enough to 100% the game. Insane min-maxing is reserved for those who wish to challenge themselves on New Game + with harder difficulty where enemies are much much tougher.OST:Although nowhere near legendary orchestra piece in modern gaming, the OST is at least above average and really fit the mood of the setting.And now the most noticable cons.Having too much complexity and mechanic aren't always good:One of the game mistake is trying to give every character a mechanic on top of mechanics. In the end, you only bother with the princess mechanic (Sp or Healing based on what her current gauge is at).Tox's elemental breath is only really bothered when you want to do some platform puzzle. Having to bother with what element you have in combat or feeding his affinity is just too much work and unnecessary.Rik magical knives can be ignored entirely.Added information based on the recent patches: With the buffs and adjustment to late-game mobs especially in NG+, Rik and Tox mechanic are very important for the sake of dealing or negative more damage to get through harder challenges. Those playing for the sake of a simple story mode still need not worry about being punished for trying to learn it.Status/Inventory Management The Game:In this game, your character combat performances are effected by what you last ""feed"" your characters in order to gain additional bonus numbers. These are temporary and will only last a few combat at most. After a few fights, you will have to open your menu, go to your character profile and start feeding each of your character before you take on any big fights if you want to do it with ease. At least 3-4 hours of my gameplay are probably spent in the menu from just feeding the characters over and over.It makes me wish that items don't drop so often and that bonus last twice as long instead so I don't have to go into the menu every 10 minutes and start feeding characters for 2 minutes.Update based on the recent patches:With stacking item occupying minimal slots and more gold sink option and means to buy items that greatly reduce the amount of farming to get the best stat items and training items, this strain of this issue has been greatly reduced.==There are certainly a lot more pros and cons I want to talk about but in the end, the game is really good and you should give it a try anyway if you love RPGs. At least an 8/10 for me."
,Recommended,575940,30741452,Posted: 25 March,all,Sehnder,"A dozen hours in I feel confident recommending this game. The other reviews do a good job of covering the basics, so I will instead just call out a few highlights and considerations.* You will need to learn the manual and experiment with the combat system before it 'clicks'* Early on It is sometimes hard to pinpoint why you are losing a fight because of all the different systems at play. As time goes on you will be able to determine where you messed up.* Mastering the combat system is very satisfying- a lot more so that just clicking the ""I Win"" mechanics a lot of RPGs do to give you feel of progression without actually requiring mastery of the player.* Game was obvioulsy made with a lot of love and it is very apparent throughout. Dev is very receptive to feedback and has already made many changes requested by his players. A nice dev doesn't redeem a bad game- but a nice dev behind a good game is one I follow to support the next project.If you are on the fence I recommend taking the plunge- steam has the refund reason for an option. Game is solid in every aspect but is still greater than the sum of its parts. I've put my other 774 games on backlog to buy this and marathon it and don't regret it."
,Recommended,575940,30712944,Posted: 24 March,all,Advice Coyote,"The best and worst thing that I can say about this game is that it felt both much longer than it is, - in that I felt as though I had spent days adventuring and becoming friends with the characters - and that it easily could have been much longer, for I would have happily continued exploring the fascinating world with these wonderful characters for far longer than I was able.An initially steep learning curve conceals a beautiful gem of interesting gameplay and charming storytelling.  Rich and moody music, sincere and vibrant graphics, and a simple but engaging narrative make for an endearing and memorable experience.  But it's the writing that truly stands out, creating a lush and organic world filled with hidden depths and earnestly lovable characters who have thoughts and opinions on everytihing you encounter, from dropped loot items to environmental hurdles.Well worth the price of admission for any fan of RPG's who is willing to try out some alternative gameplay mechanics.  Come for the interesting playstyle and nostalgic graphics, stay for the world and delightful characters."
76561198013197255,Recommended,575940,30600468,Posted: 18 March,all,JayKay,"My first Impressions:What we have here is a side scrolling RPG in the same vein as Valkyrie Profile's gameplay with a touch of Radiant Historia (Attacks that hit rows/columns). And a Lvling up system similar to level 5 JRPG, mainly Rouge galaxy.The world so far has so much fluff and flavour. most npcs have something to say to every party member while each member have things to say about individual items, objects in the world, even opened chests.Graphics are very ""indie"", with some stiff animations for attacks or movement. But from what I can see the beauty of this game is not skin deep.Will update review after a greater playtime."
,Recommended,575940,32075718,Posted: 30 May,all,Kelanor,"This game is amazing. Feels very well polished and doesn't feel rushed or incomplete. I love the music, the feel of the game, and it's nostalgic to the 90's era of gameplay without feeling ""old"". I play the game on ""light"", the medium dificulty. Has light platforming, and nice RPG elements. I like the way progression works in this game. No gear to worry about, and items you pick up randomly actually become part of your core stats. Neat, I like it. Worth $10 by far. :)"
,Recommended,575940,31644775,Posted: 9 May,all,Ernest,"This game is a unique RPG that I so happened to stumble upon by accident (or maybe it was fate? ;) ). The gameplay aspect may seem confusing at first (unless you play in Light Mode, it's easier to understand what's going on), or frustrating, but once you master the mechanics it's a really fun game. The music didn't really get to me at first, but as I continued playing the game it started growing on me. The art is beautiful, and so is the animation of the pixelated characters, kind of makes you want to hunt the artist for commissions lol. The story aspect is well paced, with some heartfelt moments here and there as the story progresses. The characters each have their own depth to them and I ended up liking each one (but the long unusual names given to some of them I felt were not really good for my eyes to see). This is an indie game I HIGHLY recommend! It's a little bit in the unknown realms right now, but gosh darnit I will help make it more known, it's that good!"
,Recommended,575940,30807273,Posted: 28 March,all,NoelCoward75,"Great game.  Skill grid is a bit confusing, but once you get the hang of it and the way each team member moves, it becomes very strategic.  Bravo!"
76561198046975243,Recommended,575940,30726376,Posted: 25 March,all,Crax,"Huh. So it DID last for 20+ hours. Surprising.I've never been a fan of platforming, and one of the reason is that the final stage usually involves some really, really annoying remote control/teleportation puzzle ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Thank goodness this game didn't anything like that. In fact, I gradually got over my hatred for platforming as I grew more and more absorbed with the story and battles, which is a fine thing indeed.Let's start off with story. Story wise, the game is fantastically written, questions many things that our generation are still struggling with, and does not give a convenient answer because there isn't one. Yet. The ending is a little anticlimatic, and I wasn't even aware that I'm at the end of the game - hell, I'm wasn't even aware that I was fighting the FINAL BOSS despite the BGM, which is a bummer - so that could've been clarified a bit better. Overall the story is a little short, and I'm pretty sure that if I read just the story without any gameplay at all it probably wouldn't last over 2 hours. I was thinking that the game would continue AFTER the Tenth Line, you know. It seemed appropriate that it should continue since when you started it was already the Fifth or Sixth Line.In short the story definitely could've been longer. I feel like I was missing the final one third of the story, like FFXV but without ten years later ultimate epic battle against the greatest demon blah blah blah the stuff.By the way, I still can't believe one of the characters XXXX so easily. I can accept some violence and ill deeds go unresolved since it's realistic, but man, that one character just XXXX and XXXX like that somewhat midway-late game. That was kinda lousy. Not revealing anything because of spoilers. But I'm pretty sure the devs will get who I'm saying nonetheless.The post game offers a lot of new challenges, and reveals some glimpses of what some side characters are going to do next. Unfortunately, one of the characters I'm most interested to challenge - AND WAS THINKING TO CHALLENGE DURING THE ACTUAL STORY, LIKE COME ON - apparently requires my characters to be maxed out. Now I'm pretty sure I kinda overleveled my character, but it was definitely going to be a grind to get to that last bit of story info so... Sorry. Not doing it. I mean it's fun really, but UGH level grinding, even with the help of the challenge quests.The game's difficulty is like charging head first into the steel wall. You try to climb through it but you keep slipping down, until finally by some miracle God came to the rescue and you got past the Green dracomage. Then everything is just smooth sailing. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ that green dracomage and that eventual map where he made his home.The music was soothing and beautiful. The final boss BGM aside since it wasn't epic enough to make me realise that I'm fighting the final boss, everything was really nice. This includes the graphics and animations - everything blends together very nicely and is never jarring.The gameplay is fairly unique. If I am to describe it, it will be the escalator heading towards the wrong direction as you run through it and jump headfirst into the steel wall I mentioned above. While eventually, you smooth into a comfortable set of combos and with late game stats you can very easily transition between multiple strategies during any battle, it highly depends on the person's aptitude with fighting games. If you're a good at Street Fighter, pushing and timing the combos should be of no problem whatsoever. Otherwise, you're in fora  marine style special ops training, especially during the early stages of the game.Some stuff wasn't explained well. The tutorial is already walls of text, but there are so many things that you won't know until you stumble upon a forum thread or comment or something, which can be a problem.All in all, the game is great. An easy recommendation."
,Recommended,575940,31098447,Posted: 12 April,all,Ehlyon,"Enjoying it quite a lot so far, it has a lil of everything to keep you hung up, especially if you love 'hem RPGs.It does takes a lil to get used to the combat system and all the things you've to grasp before actually getting good at fighting,this in particular when playing Normal mode, a few frustrations here and there but so far so good.I also feel in love with the care for details:The 3 main chars comment differently each single chest you've opened, or, when you've to proceed to another stage, they'll have something different to say if they're to first to arrive or if they're waiting for the last one to come, i just enjoy reading all they've to say! This also apply to npcs talks!The story by itself is... interesting? It's nothing mindblowing but what got me is the curiosity in knowing more about the characters ideals, stories and if they'll slowly change their perspective of the world they live in~Well that's just a lil of what i think 'bout the game, for me these were 10 buck well spent, hope it'll be for anyone who'll play this!"
76561198112838066,Recommended,575940,31289433,Posted: 21 April,all,Ark_Zilong,"Basic:At its core its a good rpg with a good plot and fun charactersThough it's biggest issue is that it tends to overcomplicate things somewhat with its level up and training mechanics, and these can require a bit too much micromanaging in some parts; though on lower dificulties the attention necessary for those greatly diminishesIt also has a really addicting and rather fun card minigame similar to FF9's own card game minigamecombat:It takes some practice to get used to how combat works, in particular the defences, but you eventually get there and it can be rather satisfying to get everything working well.It is based on button presses (depending on the attack chosen) timing and knowing when to attack or rest; as well as what types of defences to useDefences also based on button presses, where normally you have to watch the attacks and which characters they are going to hit and time the button presses right, with each of the 3 characters having diferent styles of defenceeach of the 3 also has a super defence that is a direct counter to an enemy attack type, ranging from blocking all physical close ranged attacks, all physical ranged, and all magic; each with its own side bonuses to it (such as the physical block healing allies with every blocked attack) and timing to be triggered for maximun effectDungeons/levelsOn bigger gameplay sessions these can be rather annoying and time consuming; though I found that, if played in smaller bursts, they are not as bad.they are heavy on a sort of puzzle element, where you work to bring all 3 characters to the end of the dungeon, finding all treasures and possible sidequests along the way, each of the characters having a diferent ability to use, and diferent capabilites of movement (for example: one of them moves rather slowly, and cannot clear distances with his jump; but they jump much higher than other party members and have a longer ranged in their battle-starting attack)enemies are present in the map, you can attack them, either for a surprise attack (if they are not aware of you) or an normal battle (they are aware but have not attacked you first); being attacked first will have you be ambushedin adition to that, you must mind the distances between each character; as the farther away they are from each other the longer it takes for them to join the battle, with them joining instantly if close enough (though not in the case of an ambush)MechanicsAs mentioned above, mechanics in this game can be somewhat overly complicated; as you have not only a linsence board style leveling up system (which is the simpler one, and easier to manage) and a more complicated training system that varies from character to characterall leveling up and training is item based; you get bulks of items from enemies, buying them via the menu or treasure cheststhe regular leveling up is simpler, you place items in tiles to gain certain stats and work your way towards unlocking skills (matching item types with the right tiles gets you bonuses)Training is... rather more complicated, as it is limited in between battles/events; it is required to strenghten your weapons (while you do obtain weapon level ups during the main game, those just increase the max you can train your weapon up, and will have NO effect unless you first train the character up)while weapong strenghtening IS permanent, other things are not (such as bonus damage, and one character's defence duration)In adition to that, the training option can be used to alter each individual character's personal mechanic, with some preparation definetely necessary to face certain thougher fights (or to solve some puzzles in the dungeons)Final note:It is definetely a good game and well worth a purchaseone just has to pace their time with the game, as bigger sessions can and will likely lead to some frustrationin addition to that the world and story are interesting; and the game feature post ending content and even as new game plus"
,Recommended,575940,30676740,Posted: 22 March,all,Dogtor,"A pleasant surprise and a great show for the developer's first game.  The combat mechanics are reminiscent of former beloved titles like Valkyrie Profile and takes additional inspiration from a wide variety of places.  The gameplay overall has an equally well-thought out inspirational pedigree with only a slight stiffness in platforming sections and in a handful of the animations being potential downsides.  The story and dialogue have, keeping in mind that I am only a few hours in, been a little shallower than expected but compliment the game nicely and draw enough investment to make me ask for more.While the above may make the game sound like an average indie RPG title, it's, thus far, how all of the elements come together that make this game something special.  A handful of simple core mechanics are utilized in such a way that demands a large amount of thought and consideration from the player without needlessly overwhelming them and it's been a refreshing change from other RPGs I have played recently.  Albeit having had to sit through a rather lengthy bit of tutorial to be introduced to said mechanics, I found the end result to be simple and copacetic, natural in how it confers information and interfaces with the player.  It's a deeper and more complex RPG put into the skin of a modern, sleek indie game.This is not a flawless title, but it is one that deserves consideration and serious appreciation.  I will be looking forward to what the developers continue to produce."
76561197971458548,Recommended,575940,30604438,Posted: 18 March,all,pRabbit,"Verbose in any sense. Within 2 minutes you're going to meet two major party members without any built up. Within the first 30 minutes you'll be introduced to the quite complex game systems, which are basically everything nice certain japanese RPGs brought up in the past (which is cool, since the game is not flat by any means in these regards). Cool combat system, cool leveling system, a touch of ""Lost VIkings"" in the sense that you have to move your party members around one by one to solve obstacles. But damnit, this game TALKS ... SO ... MUCH even 30 minutes in. Not only is the meaning of the game's name exposed to you in the first half hour in a rather uninteresting conversation.But even the UI is, instead of just saying ""Press A to confirm"", going all ""However, if you press A, this will mean you confirm your current choice. If you don't want to confirm this choice, press B, because this will unconfirm your choice. You can then choose something different and press A again to confirm."".For the price, I recommend it, especially if you're craving for something else than human characters (even though you'll have to suffer from the inevitable, not clever and not enlightening ""racism"" theme: ""Oh, I won't sleep in the same room as you smelly beast men!""). Nice art, game mechanics are - despite the UI - good as well, but the pacing is way off. A game should drag someone in by giving itself time to unfold. ""The Tenth Line"" doesn't do that. It is all right in your face and feels like a work of someone who's still learning"
,Recommended,575940,30600798,Posted: 18 March,all,GanjahRebel,"Indie devs, but the product is thoroughly polished. Well made drawings and scenery, and solid gameplay. I highly recommend it for its current price, (10 bucks)"
76561198057579166,Recommended,575940,30615665,Posted: 19 March,all,124c41+,"A love child of Valkyrie Profile, Rogue Galaxy and maybe a bit of Radiant Historia on the side. It looks well, plays well and feels, well, nice. The only issue is that the control layout for non-english keyboards is messy Z is not next to X and C, but button remapping should come in the next update.Glory to the developer and to everyone who feels what this one is made of. Throw some monehz at the man."
,Recommended,575940,30604819,Posted: 18 March,all,Daydream💤,"- Great Tactic Battle. Each of main character is difference, I must think about selecting ability and item when level up. But what assist character do in battle, so confused about how to command them. This is my fault that skipped tutorial lol."
76561198053065696,Recommended,575940,30623745,Posted: 19 March,all,Wookie,"TLDR: Steam needs more games like this. Buy it, if only to support the game and developer.Bought this game partly out of curiousity, partly out of boredom. I have zero regrets. It's not often I see a game that has such obvious love put into it, made apparent pretty much out the gate.On the audio side of things, there's some light voice acting (in battles mainly, with some typical noises when jumping, attacking, etc. on field). Soundtrack sounds fairly mellow, but amazing so far. Well worth the extra three pennies to get it separate with the current early adopter sale. This category holds my current biggest complaint, though.. As of right now, there's no option outside of binary yes or no for music and sound effects, which means headphone users may have some slight discomfort with how loud it is. It's easy enough to fix outside of the game with system volume, but in game would be a lot more convenient.On to gameplay.. You control 3 characters that you can freely cycle through in the world, and every NPC you talk to has specific dialog depending on which character you're controlling. There are light but creative platforming elements as well, with each of the three characters having specific strengths. One can jump extremely high and has a breath to burn/disintegrate/freeze/etc obstacles, one can jump extremely far and throw daggers, mainly for knocking down otherwise unreachable items, and one can move heavy objects. In order to advance screens, all three usually need to be together, so it ends up with a lot of every character helping the others across. A few hours in I found another layer of depth in it, where I found myself using one character to distract an enemy while another other circles around for easy initiatives.Battles consist of a style I've seen a couple times before, but it's still a fresh and unique style that's not overused by any means. Enemies are encountered on the field, with the typical swing-to-get-initiative style. Initiative gives a free turn with various benefits, the reverse leaves the character you're controlling to fend for themselves for a full round, which is quite fatal. Battle consists of a setup, where all commands are input and targets are selected, followed by attack, where you decide what order to run those attacks in, followed by defense, where enemies retaliate and you have to react to mitigate some of the damage.Levelling comes in two parts; one for equipment and boosting/altering skills, then another for stats and learning skills. Stats are boosted in a sort of hybrid system between Rogue Galaxy and FF12, with a little pipe dream mixed in, if anyone remembers that game. When you level, you have a grid that you drop items into to form paths through specific nodes. The other system is a bit too complicated to explain effectively, but basically every item has elements and attributes that affect each character in certain ways.. I know that's incredibly vague, but I don't know a better way to explain.I'm still way too early to accurately judge the story, but so far it seems amazing, and has subverted a few typical tropes already. For probably the first time ever, you seem to be playing as people who aren't complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s at the start. Everyone so far seems to actually be human, and not some plot device written just to move things along.Oh. And there's a lightweight Triple Triad. Always a nice bonus."
76561198041849665,Not Recommended,575940,30674441,Posted: 22 March,all,randoms2,"After trying to come back to this game with a fresh perspective a few times, I honestly can't recomend it.  Core issues are the combat, item, and adventuring system.  The tutorial made an attempt at streamlining the information, getting the player immersed into the game much quicker but it left several questions about the game, such as what a character's attributes specificly improve, how your resource of sp is replenished, what other super defenses do and such.  Note that if you do enjoy this game and you do have these questions, I recomend you read the manual through steam.  It will answer 95% of the questions you might have that the tutorial did not cover.  So more in depth on my core three problems:The combat system:Simply put, too complex.  The core of combat revolves around picking an attack skill of varying resource (sp) cost and varying cooldowns.  The more sp you have, the larger the attack you can use.  Catch 22 is if you your skills that cost a large amount of sp too early, you won't be able to use your super attack which is certainly strong enough to justify the wait.  Now once you select which skill each character will use, it enters into the attack phase.  Each of your three characters receives on average 1-3 prompts to attack depending on what skill you use.  This is where I have beef with combat.  With so many button presses to finish all the attacks, it makes you feel rushed to get the attacks off which leads to just spamming all the buttons until no one can attack anymore.  All the button presses make for very awkward handling when trying to not spam the prompts.Adventuring System:You as the player control a party of 3 characters (with sidekicks but you don't control these), except one at a time instead of all at once.  Each character brings unique skills to the adventure map, such as one being able to move boulders, one able to knock down items at a range, etc.  After clearing a couple maps, this system feels like ""catch-up"" and it gets repetitive... fast.  Having to go back and make sure characters are constantly staying caught up feels like a constant choreItem System:Saying items play a very important role in this game is an understatement.  Each and every item has several different attributes such as shape, size, bulk, color, element, rarity, etc.  Each of these item attributes affect each of the three different characters in a different way.  Each character has three different ways they can utilize items to benefit them... Do you see where I'm going with this?  For how many items you find, sifting through them and organizing them by how they need to be used feels like a full-time job.Unfortunately for this game, complexity does not make for a better game in this scenario."
,Recommended,575940,30628899,Posted: 19 March,all,SwashBuccaneer,"At the time of this review I have not played for too long yet. These are my initial reactions and feelings in the game.Graphics/Presentation:These are high quality sprites (or the appearance of) and the backgrounds are crisp, vibrant, and colorful. Details in the characters during text dialog are nicely done. Character models and animations during battles are also done well. Can tell a lot of detail and attention were placed in the game world. Super Nintendo Era throw back and not RPG Maker quality.Sound/Music:Nice soundtrack with fitting orchestral arrangements. Sounds characters make are also solid as well as the UI and battle sounds.Gameplay:This is where things get real interesting and made me realize that I now have the coordination of an elephant on an ice sheet.I've been controlling 3 characters so far that each interact with the map differently. You need to switch between each one and move them along the stage. Each one can use special powers to access items and chests that the others can not reach.There are enemies placed on the map and you can hit them to initiate combat (or they can hit you). If you attack from behind you get a surprise attack bonus. If the other members are not close by the initiating character will be alone for a certain number of turns until they arrive.Combat is TURN BASED but with an element of time to react. You control the actions of each character and select what you wish for them to do. When the time comes to fight you then must press different buttons for each character to perform the actions you picked. When the enemy attacks you press a button combo for each character to block their attacks.The attacks you can chose from will affect the enemies differently and may hit multiple targets in rows and columns.Interesting take on character progression by having to use items to unlock bonuses on a grid type of plane. There is even a card mini game that is pretty fun to play."
,Recommended,575940,33433904,Posted: 10 July,all,Argo,"If you're looking for a game with really complicated concepts and challenging combat, then get this gameIf you're not exactly looking for that then play this game on the ""light"" mode, it makes combat easier and some of the systems in the game more simple. It's alot of fun to play and I would highly reccomend it if you're a fan of rpg style games."
,Recommended,575940,35104067,Posted: 21 September,all,GamerLEN,"Haven't gotten far, but so far I'm enjoying the heck out of it.Complex, but for an old JRPG veteran like me its a lot of fun. Just don't be surprised if it turns newcomers to the genre off. This is something for people who grew up in the 16-bit era playing stuff like Chrono Trigger, Alundra, and the like. The kind of guys who dream in turn based combat."
76561198000565699,Recommended,575940,30631387,Posted: 20 March,all,DynaTheCat,Valkyrie Profile with unique leveling mechanics.A real solid well made game.
,Recommended,575940,30589013,Posted: 18 March,all,Morbo,Great game with some nice twists as far as I can see after playing only around 2 hours. Buy it.. ! :)
76561197982599663,Recommended,575940,30781873,Posted: 27 March,all,kidc,"had a very hard time getting over the info dump tutorial. couldn't in fact. Game may be a bit overcrowded with mechanics and too complex for its own good...OR might be the best thing ever. I did not play enough of it to truly decide, but it seems like it could be an amazing game (if you can get through it all) Thumbs up for the probability of it being good.heres the scary tutorials I mentioned:https://youtu.be/fDYdA8At7XQ"
76561197993517542,Not Recommended,575940,30590335,Posted: 18 March,all,Ultra Superior,"Charming- but clumsy, overburdened and overcomplicated.Needless design decisions and insanely cluttered UI ruin what could have been a fun platformer in vein of Child of Light. I won't be wrestling with the game anymore, the feature creep is too strong with this one."
76561198056266852,Not Recommended,575940,30913076,Posted: 2 April,all,Whisper Draston,"If you are an achievement hunter, don't get this game unless you are really good at RPG style games, that are turnbased!I'm not recommending this due to the mere fact it is not mean't to be played by casuals. If you are a die hard, RPG player then this is the game for you, there's a lot to learn and lots of challenges, if you are just looking for a cool looking RPG to play for fun look elsewhere.Pros~A beautiful art-style, the backgrounds and plat-former foreground are both appealing to the eye.Cons~Over complicated combat system for casual play~Difficulty is, at times over the top~Too many unlikeable characters~Story-line is iffy, and then the emotional connection to it is soon after broken."
,Recommended,575940,30645638,Posted: 20 March,all,rosedragon,This game is wonderful but might take some patience to understand. I was pessimistic at first but the graphic and others review convince me and I do not regret.PRO:- Fun card game reminds me of FF8 triple triad- The world lore looks interesting- Amazing graphic- Fiddling with heroes skills and tactics is fun- Unique takes on items mechanic- Great characters!CONS:- Can't remap buttons- Tutorials can't be revisited- Blocking is tedious because of the remapping problem
,Recommended,575940,30642830,Posted: 20 March,all,Rizzeraze,"The price maybe a little costy, but content worth it."
,Recommended,575940,30633156,Posted: 20 March,all,Tiake,"A solid and polished game from what I've played thus far.  All the mechanics of the game I've seen have felt fresh and enjoyable.  I also really like the art and especially the music, which reminds me of super nintendo rpgs of old. It should be noted there is a lot of reading in the game and though it's been engaging for me, if you don't enjoy reading you may want to pass.  Other than that, if the store page description intrigues you, the game is well worth the asking price in my opinion."
,Recommended,575940,30624145,Posted: 19 March,all,Medium Rare,Love the character developmentArtwork is top notchDraCons (finally got that down)Very rewarding leveling systemStrategy based combat system with timing based defenseFully supports gamepadWill run well on any PC everAll for one easy installment of $9.99 + S&H.
,Recommended,575940,30656382,Posted: 21 March,all,Redhotviking,"A very fun game, platformer meeting RPG. The combat system is amusing and the puzzels are not half bad. Reminds me a bit of Valkyrie Profiler on PSone. Well worth the money, if you like platformers or like rpgs this game will entertain you, if you enjoy them both you most likly will love this game. It does have it flaws playing with a keyboard so i suggest using a controller for it.Overall 8 of 10."
,Recommended,575940,30779800,Posted: 27 March,all,CSHack.com,Dragons check!Beastmen check!Princess check!Good story check!Cute dialogs check!100/10 Will call Tox a dragon grandpa again and again.This fantasy roller coster ride remind me somewhat of Child of Light but it's not about the gameplay but the feeling of freshness and it keep pull you back for more.
76561197971874482,Recommended,575940,33645466,Posted: 18 July,all,Toren_S [Also Friendly],"[Disclaimer]  I played this game on Lighter Mode.  Some other reviewers note that the full mode is punishing and complicated (but rewarding), and this is true, but my review is going to deal with the middle difficulty, Lighter Mode.First and most importantly, the game has an excellent story, well-told through an older-school aesthetic.  It's not quite retro, but it's not modern either, and it oozes enough charm that I felt the graphics were an asset as opposed to a drawback.  There's some sidequesting, and a semi-extraneous yet fun card game, but largely it's a linear romp that stays tightly focused.On Lighter difficulty, the combat mechanics are pared down so that the focus is on how you improve the character via the game's stat/skill board, and how you utilize the character's attacks in battle.  Harder difficulties add more things you have to do to optimize your character before battle, and add some more complexity to the order of abilities you use on 2 of the 3 characters.  Even on the 'lighter difficulty', the game is not trivial.  The first couple of chapters anyone can get through with ease, but at that point if you aren't keeping up with the character's leveling up or figuring out how to mix building SP with chaining attacks you can still die, and the bosses will provide a decent challenge.The core mechanic of combat is that hitting enemies builds a momentum bar that recharges each character's mana (SP) at the end of turn.  More hits = more SP, and slaying an enemy yields considerably more than just hitting it.  Additionally, on the opponent turn, there's timed blocking/dodging that can earn you additional SP as well as lower the damage you take.  You then use the SP to select attacks that will hit various positions on the enemy's 3x4 grid.On most normal encounters, there are more enemies than fit on the 3x4 grid, and they trickle in over several turns and as you kill the ones currently there.  Bosses tend to have neverending trickling reinforcements to allow you to build up momentum on chumps to help you use the big skills on the boss themselves.  It's a satisfying system, and works well.  The UI can be a little sluggish at times, but nothing particularly irksome.Between combats you're playing a platforming game where you switch between the three characters to manuever places and get treasures.  I found this a little more tiresome mostly because the later levels involved jumps where when you screw up you have to walk one or more of the characters the long way around to get back where you were.  On the platforming maps are the random enemies, which don't respawn unless you leave the dungeon entirely.  No grinding is required, you can simply kill everything once as you go through and be perfectly suited to handling all the bosses.I heartily recommend this game to any J-style RPG fans, try it on the Full Experience and if it seems too micromanagement for you fall back to Lighter and you'll still have quite the fine time.  If you don't like platforming at all, that might be a turnoff, but unless you truly hate platforming I'd still give this game a solid thumbs up."
