user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006524453,Not Recommended,576320,29063892,Posted: 6 January,all,Hassie54,"This game is not the economic simulation that i expected. It is a short scenario task oriented mobile type game. Different difficulty settings, moving onto a new box, needing more stars to advance. I don't like this style of game at all, in fact some people would not call these real games, more of a casual distraction.This game has a lot of neat ideas, and cool ways of doing things, but then it throw that all away with the map that is used for all of the game I played, the lack of control over your ""company"" if you can call it that. Players earn so much money, so fast, and can just buy each other out from under them, it makes no sense. I undestand the idea behind why they do this, it is a strategic decision, but it rips any idea of a simulation right out.This game had a choice to be a good simulation game, or a mobile strategy game. They chose the latter, and I am afraid it just doesn't resonate with me at all. I could not recommend this to anyone, even at this low price, as I don't believe it is an issue with the Early Access tag, as I believe everything is working as designed."
76561197998264878,Recommended,576320,29021165,Posted: 4 January,all,Rayune,"Note: This is an Early Access review.TL;DR version:+ Polished+ Good game for lunch breaks+ Appropriate content for price point+ Easy to jump into+ Adjustable difficulty that rewards you for higher difficulty, but does not punish you for playing on lower difficulty- Zooms onto a territory when  you click (see below for why this can be a bad thing)- Few ways to damage opponent I.R., making takeovers sometimes a slap on the wrist- No dedicated ""sandbox"" or ""eliminate all competitors"" mode (yet?)Review:If you could not tell by the pictures, Economic Conquest is a game that plays in a series of quick scenarios. It is labeled as Early Access, but already feels very polished and complete. I am uncertain what the devs plan to add to it, unless there are some later stages or maps that have not yet been implemented. I would definitely say that it could use some more maps for the aesthetic appeal, although they are not necessary. To clarify, you may choose to start wherever you like, and you do not have to expand by claiming adjacent territories. Instead, you may pick whatever other territory you like on the map when you choose to expand. For that reason, it does not really matter how they are arranged, althoug maps of varying size might add some flavor.The game is divided into missions with a set objective of holding certain territories, reaching certain levels of income, amassing a certain amount of wealth, or other objectives. The difficulty may be adjusted, and you unlock missions faster for playing on  higher dififculty. However, there are some missions where the objectives are distinctly easier than others. I found that the early missions for reaching a certain income level or I.R. score could be completed by taking out larger and larger loans and simply expanding as fast as I could click, but the missions for holding a number of territories or reaching a certain amount of wealth do take a little more thought. You have to balance how much you are investing into upgrades and influence as you go. If you put everything you have throughout the mission into these areas, then the computer may win simply by sitting on their backsides until they reach the target amount, so you have to determine how much to invest until your income outpaces theirs. Similarly, if your goal is to hold territories, then you must expand quickly enough to get the territories before your opponents, but not so quickly that they are easily able to buy you out.My gripes:First of all, the camera zooms into whatever territory you are working on when you click on it. This is not intrinsically a bad thing, except that it is hard to keep track of your other territories while you are working on one in particular. Since your default state tends to be pumping up one territory or another, this means that it is entirely possible for an opponent to buy out one of your territories while you are distracted. Clicking can also be a bit frustrating at times, as trying to click outside of a menu may simply pull up another one, instead of exiting that menu. So I sometimes found myself wanting to get out of an upgrade menu for a territory, only to pull up its influence. Also, there is no means to prevent a buyout from occuring, as long as there are sufficient funds. This means that it is possible for you to force a buyout on one territory, only for the opponent to force a buyout on one of yours in return. While I am sure that this is an element of strategy that I could adjust to over time, it is nevertheless frustrating. Finally, there seems to be no dedicated sandbox mode. A game like this would benefit from having a mode where it simply pulls up the map with a specified difficulty level and number of competitors, and your objective is to gain control over the whole map. Yes, they are able to claim any empty territories or buy out one of yours if it is possible to do so, but there may come a point where they are so crippled that they can no longer afford to do so.However, none of these things make Economic conquest a bad game. If you need to satisfy a thirst for quickly competing against others on a small map for economic dominion, then this does quite well for its price point."
,Recommended,576320,29051197,Posted: 5 January,all,Majority,"First Steam review, as this game came out yesterday and I figure it'd be helpful.As of right now - it's a mobile game. 100MBs of bright colours. But, is that a bad thing? No.Pros:- Seemingly no bugs or major issues, as there often are with early access games.- Very user-friendly tutorial - I learned all I needed to know quickly and efficiently and was able to practice the new skills. Not too repetitive.- Can already smell a ""addictive"" game coming along, seeing as I haven't really stopped other than to write this.- A lot of potential for growth, edits, mods, etc like Civ- Could play it on a potato.- Designed like Angry Birds - level by level. Can't really get bored of doing the same thing, as you get new tasks every level, whether that means making $3m before anyone else or strictly winning.- Low price, so if you don't like it, it's not a big dealCons:- Must follow the storyline - no skirmish mode (yet), although this could turn into a Civ-style game. Give it a year.- Basic things like volume control, ability to window the game, etc are not implemented- No caps on the percentages. When upgrade costs are 250% but Influence is 30%, good luck playing at all.- Easy mode is still very difficultSmall bug - The first level that is not a tutorial, you're tasked with making $1m before your counterpart. Mine, Joe, was at 981k - and I was stuck at 854k as i was too click-happy with upgrades. Impulsively, I got a loan of $154k, and beat Joe... I feel that's not supposed to happen. Maybe make it so that you must pay off all loans before winning?We'll leave it at that for now. Devs, if you're seeing this, good luck on your adventure!"
,Recommended,576320,29134053,Posted: 8 January,all,Killerofsons,"Summary:This is not a business stimulation game. It is more like Risk but with businesses instead of armies. It is a GREAT game especially for so early in early access. There are definetely some features that are missing that are wants and needs but there is also already a full single player campaign that is already worth the price of the game. The few negative reviews I've read on this game seem to be reviewing it as a game in the $15-$20 price range instead of in the $5-$10 price range. Once they add requested features, one of which is already promised, it will be a game worth $15-$20 so BUY IT NOW before the price goes up.Positives:-A well done tutorial that teaches you all the basics of the game while leaving the deeper strategies for you to learn in the single player campaign.-A great single player campaign that has a slow enough difficulty ramp to allow you to learn but a fast enough one to keep things interesting and challenging.-Completely polished. In 11 hours of gameplay I've encountered no roughness or bugs which is highly unusual for early access and should be applauded.Negatives:-Needs a multiplayer mode. Promised but not here yet.-The entire single player mode is scenarios played on the same map. I wouldn't change it but I would add more single player campaigns with different maps.-It needs a sandbox mode where the player can choose the number of opponets and the win conditions.-No real Steam features as of yet. No save syncs, no achievements, no cards, no workshop. Save syncs are promised.Conclusion:Buy this game if you like Risk type strategy board games and are looking for a diffrent spin on one. Buy this game if you aren't expecting a AAA huge game experience but would still like AAA polish. Buy this game."
76561198050390138,Recommended,576320,29150263,Posted: 9 January,all,unbreakable1980,"I'm always in the lookout for decent business sims games as I'm not your typical mainstream games kinda guy. I was lucky to stumble upon this little gem. Although its not hundreds of hours of gaming, its fun while it lasts. There's a certain amount of strategy needed to win each mission, but once u get the hang of it its pretty easy. Its a rewarding feeling when you manage to totally overrun your competitors (computer AI's) by buying up all their businesses/land. :)What I think the game lacks is an ""endless"" mode where you could set your own preferences, such as mission goal and perhaps have an even bigger map.Game has no bugs (that im aware of) and has good enough graphics. Not worth full price. I got it at 40%, about the price its worth I'd say."
76561198026277768,Recommended,576320,29031535,Posted: 5 January,all,eva,"Value for money, though it's an early access, so the game is quite simple for now. Tutorial is quite long, but when you want to give up they motivate you that it's the last scenario and then, the game begins! And it does. Easy mode is too easy, medium is quite hard :D. Played just the first scenario and was bored that I am loosing as the competitor bought ""my"" country without warning, I bought his and then he bought mine... And it fed me up. It's quite simple so far, will see what the update brings. It's on the level of bigfishgames now - click and click and click.If you need someting as a distraction instead of working on the work-projects or homework, this will help you, but do not expect more."
76561198083433158,Not Recommended,576320,29177226,Posted: 10 January,all,Ralekk,"Simplistic game, more of a clicker then a business simulation. Very little strategy involved.All you do in this game is trying to scroll the map and open different menus an clicking as fast as you can.I would not recomend this game to anyone in it's current state."
,Recommended,576320,29108291,Posted: 7 January,all,Vincint94,"For the price i paid and the complexity it offers i can't be mad. It was deceptively simple in the first set of rounds then the difficulty skyrocketed. Not in a to much to handle sort of way. But a way you must certainly learn the mechanics with a bit of a learning curve. All in all, I spent a good bit of my day off work playing this and i enjoyed it."
76561198041797412,Recommended,576320,29023696,Posted: 4 January,all,millseric1991,"This is my first review in steam. I am happy that it is a positive review. I really like this game and it has a lot of potential. It reminds me of a RTS like star craft but with businesses. I hope the devs would continue to grow this game.  I do have some Sustains  and improvements about this game that you might considerSustains:The graphics are good and the flow works well.The opponents are hard but not too hard where it is impossible.The price is great for this game.Multiplayer seems like it will be great.The overall game idea is amazing. I like business games and I like RTS. You put them together. I’m sold. Improvements:The in-game menu clicking feature should be worked on. Left click should allow you to open menu and right click to exit menu.  I found trouble trying to jump from menu to upgrade one unit to upgrade another, but I click on upgrading my influence instead.  I can see this a problem when multiplayer comes out. People would lose just because of that issue.The loan system should have more of a negative impact on the game. I can win games fasters just borrowing money from the bank with no negative effect. “Like lower income”I agree with another review with the sandbox mode or free mode. Something to set up your own rules/ win conditions. That would be a great add-on.Overall I am in love with this game and hope to see this game grow even more. I am done with this review, because I have a great game to play."
,Recommended,576320,29019933,Posted: 4 January,all,jsauce,"Economic Conquest ReviewAs this is Early Access, this will be an early access review based entirely on what is here.The StoryAs far as I can tell, its not that kind of game, that being said there is some assemblance of such in each mission, basically ""You must do this to win."" It can easily be seen how this can be expanded on, however as of yet, I do not see much there.GameplayThe gameplay right now is rather basic, as it goes pretty much like this:Buy a piece of land, choose an industry to put on this piece of land and begin upgrading the industry. With each upgrade you are granted more money overall, and the investment needed is increased with each upgrade. As you upgrade influence is needed with the country you have built your industry in, gathered through bribery or charity, and with this newly acquired influence you are then granted more rights to upgrade your industry. Rinse and repeat.The initial tutorials pose no real challenge as they are designed mostly to teach you the mechanics of the game, in this way its easily assumed the gameplay will be fairly easy as well outside of the tutorial.However, once the tutorial is over your real missions begin, presented with the same play, however introducing necessary win conditions while playing against an opponent AI.In my first mission, I played safe and slow, and was easily trounced. It seemed strange that both the AI and I started equally at first, however slowly it gained on me, apparently with some secret sauce it possesses. I would hold more valuable industry, and more influence, however the AI would always have more money.It is in my opinion the AI is given an advantage you must overcome.In my next game I played far more liberally, buying up land, and inserting industry quickly, while applying influence on my side and simultaneously sabotaging the AI, which proved to be the way to victory.In my next mission, I repeated the same thing, and similarly destroyed the AI.It is my opinion that the AI needs to be reworked, as it poses no difficulty whatsoever once you understand how it works, what it does and what it won't do.In this way it is a slight disappointment, however understanding that its still early access, my assumption is this will be well balanced as the developer adds more content.The controlsIt relies solely on the mouse for most of the work, the keyboard really never being used outside of the menus. I found it slightly annoying that clicking anywhere inside a country would bring up the influence menu, and found myself right-clicking under the assumption it would back me out, as games in this similar genre do, however here it merely does nothing. The only mechanism for doing this seemed to be the mousewheel, which is fine, however several times I found it not actually backing out until I clicked outside of the country, this was annoying and probably a bug.Other than this its simplistic style extended to its controls, however its important to realize without more content, this click style control scheme is sufficient.Bugs, issuesOther than the previously stated issue where backing out of an on-screen menu or dialogue was sometimes difficult (typically games utilize the ESC for example) there were no other real issues to speak of, and it never crashed on me.Final ThoughtsThe artistic style of the game does have a cartoon retro feel, which I like. I only wish there were more character content, maybe some person or character inside the game giving feedback. This game is simplistic, much like a mobile game, and its easily to imagine it could be released as one.I do however hold out hope for much more as there are some interesting ideas here, and the scaffolding is here for a better game to come. At its foundation, the game is a well designed, cutesy management simulator type game, but in its current state it feels like a shell, and not the meat inside.Final ScoreI really do think its a very nice looking game, it piques my interest for what is to come, and if the developer invests some time into the game, it could be a success for sure. Being this is an early access game from an indie developer I tend to give the developer a little leeway. It is important to separate the trash from what has potential, and this game has potential.The music in the game is relaxing, which adds to the feel of the game overall.It is also important to realize in its current state, there is not enough here to be a game that will keep you interested for long, it would be easy to play this game for 10 or 15 minutes and then do something else, at least right now.My final score in early access is 5/10. If more is added, it could certainly do better, but right now I recommend it if you like these types of games and for a few dollars, its worth the investment into its development."
76561198005704721,Not Recommended,576320,29036509,Posted: 5 January,all,Mad_jack,"***WARNING DEVELOPER IS DELETING FORUM THREADS***Okay, I have to give this game a no. The gameplay is just mind numbing. Why? It is not econmics at all. One of the basic concepts of economy is the availabilty and demand for a certain good. For example in regard to this game, if gold price goes up and you build only gold mines in all terrotories the increased availability does not affect the gold price at all!!And that basicly turns this game in a game like Farmville. It is just a time waister. But hey, if you are looking for that, you cant go wrong with this game. If you look for any form of challenge... do not buy this!If you want to know more, read the comments.Update:So I got in a discussion with the developer. No answer, he just deleted the thread. This developer is toxic, stay away from this game, we all know that this kind of behaviour means that the developer just wants to grab your money!!!"
76561197967236821,Not Recommended,576320,29120456,Posted: 8 January,all,Ragabonz,"not a bad game : just not my style!even on easy this is too hard, brought it for kinda of a easy fun game, its not its more in depth than i thought ti would be.its not a bad little game just not my style if you like stratergy challenges this could be for you"
,Recommended,576320,29028209,Posted: 4 January,all,TRKTIsMe,I have only played the Tutorial so far but from what I've played it's really really good. It reminds me a little bit of Civ 5 but in it's own way. Without a doubt it's a buy from me. Even more so seeing it's on sale. Even when not on sale it's a very good price.
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,576320,29189007,Posted: 11 January,all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Public Service AnnouncementGame: Economic ConquestUpdate Version: Initial Early Access ReleaseDisclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer.Game Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OvfqmCvaTsEconomic Conquest is a economic strategy game developed and published by Frismos. This will mark the developer's first venture into the Early Access program as well as their first Steam release. The game bolsters thirty missions with six of them representing the tutorial portion, which does a decent job of easing the player into the core concepts of the game. Aesthetically, the game offers a rural appeal with simple colors while the soundtrack is limited to a couple of looping tracks. Overall a great start to a basic strategy game, but maybe a bit to basic to appease everyone.The core mechanics center around how well the player can establish a stable income and the ability to protect territory with the use of influence. Income is generated per day depending on the level of the business, the market value of processed goods and the possible bonuses available in the territory the business was built in. The higher the income, the more stable the ability to manage territories can be as the match progresses. This is increasingly important late game when buyouts become important, which cost a flat rate depending on the level of the businesses on the territory and the influence level. As long as the influence of a territory is above 70 the territory cannot be bought, which can be difficult when the player has multiple countries to manage and the AI is continually decreasing a territories' influence by the use of mutiny (-10 per purchase). Regardless of difficulty level (Easy, Medium, Hard), the AI presents a challenge and with the way random events change the earning power of resource, waiting to start a business can be a blessing or a detrimental error.Market values for the six resource types fluctuate constantly and the changes are random, making it imperative to have a diverse selection of businesses to overcome the risk of having a 152% resource gain plummet to 79%. The use of the territory bonuses (25% increase) help alleviate the strain this could put on late game play, which is why it is always recommended to build lumber mills where trees are abundant and oil fields in oil rich coast lines. Low resource earnings, however, can provide an opportunity for early game construction at cheaper prices. Business starting cost are influenced by the resource price, so buying into something offering lower returns is cheaper than buying into something with high returns. This is a giant gamble, but it can pay off later and be a crucial move to combat the AI, which always starts with the first increased resource and tends to only follow the same pattern regardless of the risks.Building upgrade prices also fluctuate depending on certain random events as well as the I.R. requirements needed to start a new business or acquire contracts in new countries. Gaining I.R. is easy (business levels and each five levels of influence), but using the lowered requirements grants a income boost through new businesses that can make or break a game. The other changing value comes in the form of influence, which is mandatory to protect countries from buyouts and to raise the max business upgrade level (5 levels per 50 influence). Influence costs increase naturally with how many territories are owned and the current influence level in the territory, but also go up or down depending on the random event factors. Charity is the primary form of influence (100% guaranteed 10 influence), but bribery is also available at a risk to losing $8000 and 1 I.R. Loans can also be taken out to provide instant income and is increased based on the player's total I.R. I have not seen any downsides to not paying it back, except the inability to have it for use later if something happens.Thankfully, the game runs smoothly with very little load times. It did give me a few problems when I tried launching the game, something I still have to circumvent from time to time. I also ran into an annoying issue with how the menus work. When accessing a menu for a business or to adjust influence ratings, the game zooms into the country in question and requires the user to click outside the menu's window to exit the menu. I have run into several cases of clicking outside the menu, only to instead open the menu for the country neighboring it. This can be averted by using the ESC key, but regardless of the method used, the game remains zoomed in on the country and requires a scroll out. Considering the hectic nature of the AI during some of the later missions, these are seconds that can drastically change the course of a round. As far as glitches go, I only noticed one dealing with the incorrect tally of Influence increases calculating into I.R. I would influence a territory five times (0 to 50) and not receive the I.R. conversion. This happened randomly throughout my time with the game and can be a major issue depending on how the random events effect I.R.Strategy is a vast genre with plenty of interesting variations in game types. Frismos has made a decent economic focused title and the promise of multiplayer later down the line could bring some much needed life to a game suffering from a predictably routine AI. The game also only has one map with fixed positions for each resource bonus. This isn't to say I didn't have fun with the game. It is an interesting concept that can easily entertain during a short break, but the sum of its' parts might not be enough to warrant the $8 price tag. It is just hard to recommend at this time."
,Recommended,576320,29022922,Posted: 4 January,all,RE_Stringer,the graphic are good looking. Single player is ok.. The AI is gets harder the more u push through the single player.. i think this game will be big once multiplayer comes out intell then.. kinda boring
,Recommended,576320,29098725,Posted: 7 January,all,infocraft,"Nice game, im looking forward to the improvements that the developers will bring into it during Early Acess."
76561198024882608,Not Recommended,576320,29304852,Posted: 16 January,all,saine,I've tried to like this game but I just don't. Not that great of a simulation game or a strategy game. Nailed the casual part though.
,Not Recommended,576320,31983492,Posted: 26 May,all,A True Slav,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game It is very boring and the storyline is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198083523084,Not Recommended,576320,31019985,Posted: 8 April,all,tohale,this Game sucks it wont even start up
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,576320,30106003,Posted: 22 February,all,AiDec,TBD
,Recommended,576320,31098658,Posted: 12 April,all,Falcon^,"10/10, every time i try to start the 1-st mission the game just crashes, game of the year perhaps?"
