user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,578080,32720248,Posted: 24 June,all,TheRagingAquariu,"PUBG is the type of game where it starts off with not caring too much if you die in the first few minutes (approx 90 players alive), after a little while and some reasonable loot and gear has been found, you would prefer not to die at this point but still not too fussed if you die (approx 60-70 players alive). After the 3rd/4th blue circle,You start to believe that you can achieve the impossible...you could possibly win...you'll taste the sweet fruits of victory...(10 players remaining)...you've made it to top 10....but you still want more....no more mistakes or joking around now...you're close....(last 2 players)...you believe in this...you can win! But alas...you make an idiotic mistake. You end as #2.....that moment will haunt you forever...This is what will happen every game, you'll feel rage, anger and above all serenity when you die because you know that the game is over....until you start the next one.Welcome to the battleground."
,Recommended,578080,31331543,Posted: 23 April,all,Sterg,"For those of you getting severe FPS lag on Nvidia cards, try the following steps:(do this with the game closed)1. Open Nvidia control panel2. Go to 3D settings3. Set the options for PUBG specifically (listed something like TSIgame)4. Enable threaded optimizationApparently adding "" -USEALLAVAILABLECORES"" to launch options (without the quotes) fixes it which is an option for people without Nvidia or its control panel.Edit: It seems this is more or less helpful for potato CPUs"
76561197971692339,Recommended,578080,30768813,Posted: 27 March,all,Ægers,"I'm not usually a Battle Royal player, but this game is perfect for my play style.ARMA is too ""hard core"" for meH1Z1 is too arcadeish for me.PUB fits right in between those two, and it is really well done.Looking forward to the next 6 months to see how the games progress with the optimization the devs will focus on.100% worth the price tag."
,Recommended,578080,30744103,Posted: 25 March,all,Karma,10/10 motion blur is unchecked by default.
,Not Recommended,578080,34786213,Posted: 6 September,all,Swatti,"I love this game.  It's really fun and an amazing experience to play with friends.However,there are two things are that holding this game back.  The streamers and the developers.  Arguably, the streamers are the ones that made this game famous but as of right now, they are ruining it with the help of the developers.""There are two rules for success...  Number one, never reveal everything you know.""The Streamer.These are the people who cry and whine about stream sniping.  I have to be completely honest, I feel sorry for these guys...For being complete morons.If you're going to complain about stream snipers then whine to the developers otherwise you're not going to play their game anymore, you need to shut up and get out.  The laziness and the ""♥♥♥♥ YOU, GIVE ME MONEY!"" attitude from the streamers disgust me the most.  They could easily put up a delay, blur out information, and block out the map...BUT,they choose not to.  Instead, this is where the devs come into play...""Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.""The Devs.With very little to no proof at all, they will ban you outright because a streamer cried stream sniper.  In fact, the devs don't even need proof, the streamers' tears and butthurt emotions show all the proof that he's a salty loser.  You guys need to listen to the real community, the Steam reviews, the people on Reddit.  Not to the dumbasses who stream and cry ""STREAM SNIPER, BAN HIM!"" whenever they get salty about being killed.  At this point, there are possibly more innocent people banned than actual stream snipers.  Go for the real problems, the hackers, the exploiters, andOPTIMIZATION.This is completely unacceptable and you guys are sucking the streamer's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TL;DRDEVS,you guys need to man up and tell these guys to ♥♥♥♥ off.STREAMERS,if you got killed because you couldn't bother to hide important information, you're an idiot and you have no right to complain."
76561198332340789,Not Recommended,578080,34780316,Posted: 6 September,all,matt,I GOT BANNED FOR STREAM SNIPING AND I WASNT EVEN WATCHING A STREAM!!!!
,Not Recommended,578080,34607740,Posted: 30 August,all,Griffith,"There's always a possibility of getting banned for unknowingly killing a streamer in this game. Beware.UPDATE: Some egotistical high profile streamers are getting innocent people banned unfairly for small durations and the developers are siding with the streamers. This post is all about this issue. Nothing more, nothing less..."
,Not Recommended,578080,34682410,Posted: 2 September,all,TheGreatOneRock,Developments since release>Kill streamerGet banned>honk at a streamerGet banned>you like free cosmetics ?Now pay for them>performanceStill sh^t
76561197962376793,Not Recommended,578080,34450856,Posted: 23 August,all,123,"Banned for camping half the game in a house then killing a squad solo after they had already been in MY house for a few minutes... I think his name was JasonOG or JakeOG wasn't paying him much attention at the time. called me a ""stream sniping ♥♥♥♥♥♥"" when I started laughing over the mic.I explained I was hiding in a back room for a few minutes apparently on his stream.. I assume this salty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ didn't show the devs the video or they would know I didn't even know they are streamers. I heard about people doing this but didn't think it would happen to me...I doubt I'll play this again even if unbanned.Fun game horrible Mods willing to swing the banhammer because I camped the wrong people."
,Recommended,578080,30770543,Posted: 27 March,all,senraXD,It's like H1Z1 except it doesn't suck
,Not Recommended,578080,34426006,Posted: 22 August,all,THE ビッグオー,Pay $30 to get banned by streamers.
,Recommended,578080,31998612,Posted: 27 May,all,[ARX]AnthonyPS,"IntroductionPLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS (PUBG) is a battle-royale, 100-players, open-world MMOFPS/TPS set on a massive 8x8km land. The game supports solo, duo, and squad (3-4 ppl) play. Gameplay is very straightforward, you hop off a plane, loot weapons, armors, and equipments from buildings, and survive the thrilling PvP bloodbath.PUBG is obviously not the first massive battle-royale game out there, yet it stands on the pinnacle of its genre. As you may have known, PUBG has had a highly successful launch, securing a place on Steam's Top Seller game. If you're looking for a good battle-royale PvP, look no further. You've struck the gold.My claim is not without reason. The following is PUBG's pros and cons in my opinion:Pros1. Extremely active and communicative developers. This is vital for an early access game. PUBG is being constantly updated every month. I would speculate that this is one of the major factors in PUBG's success. Other battle-royale PvP games are mostly in Early-Alpha for years and their devs are too focused on gathering as much money as they can from the current players without making any real development progress on the game - PUBG is exactly the opposite.2. Great gameplay concept. No pay-to-win and no grind-to-win. Apparels are only cosmetics. The only thing you keep from playing PUBG is your skill. The PvP is thrilling and definitely fun to play with your friends.3. Non-toxic community. Simply because there is no chat function. Switch your voice channel to team-only and you're good to go. I wouldn't recommend teaming up with strangers because of obvious reasons.4. Highly demanding on teamwork and strategy. You can't just hop off the plane and recklessly run around the map no-scoping bozos. You have to plan out your movement very carefully and quickly since time is of the essence. Difficult decisions comes up often, especially in squad play (e.g. risk your life to revive your mate or run like hell to safety; Kill someone and give out your position to nearby players or stay quiet; Deciding your next 'safe spot', etc.) An enjoyable learning curve definitely exists - not too steep and not too lean.5. A shooting game that applies semi-realistic weapon recoil, bullet travel time, and bullet drop is always appreciated.6. Various vehicles, weapons, weapon mods, clothings, and equipments are scattered all over the battleground to aid you in your quest of survival. The weapon stats variety amps up the gameplay - It can be quite a challenge to engage in a firefight when you got the wrong weapon for the situation.7. Although FPS is not recommended due to limited POV, the game supports both FPS and TPS.8. Minor performance improvements can get quite noticeable after several updates. Devs truly are working on the optimization issue. We can look forward towards better performance in the future.Cons1. Currently, very performance-demanding. The game isn't optimized that well yet and runs on very unstable fps even on high-end rigs. The minimum 6 gigs of RAM is an absolute minimum - virtual RAMs can't help your 4-gigs-RAM PC. In terms of GPU, one of my friends that is using a GTX980 is suffering from <30fps and extremely slow loading progress. Another friend with a GTX1060 suffers from fps drops during rain/smoke.As a response to comments' feedback for my 1st cons list: The game is still playable on all those mentioned GPUs. I just want you to know that the game is not optimized well. FPS drops, crashes, and screen freeze will sometimes happen even on high-end rigs. It happens randomly - I don't measure the frequency.UPDATE: Although the game is still quite laggy, minor performance improvements are already noticeable after the latest updates. I no longer suffer from fps spikes with my GTX1080. Most performance issues are related to server lag instead of PC after June 27 update.2. Server is lagging badly due to high player base. I would speculate devs didn't expect a huge sale boom and didn't have the resources to support all the players. As an example, you were running to cover when under enemy fire. You already reached the cover, but 2 seconds later, blood spurts out of your chest, you fell down to the ground gasping for air as your vision starts to blur. You scream for your squadmate to magically heal your bullet wound by rubbing the grass around you, but then...okay you get my point3. Gameplay is monotonous. Similar to CSGO's Competitive and Dota 2, you only have one type of game. The unique experience relies on various encounters with the squad/enemy in-game.4. Melee weapons are terribly inaccurate. Aiming also can be a bit off sometimes. Possibly caused by the server lag.5. Controls are terribly not reactive. It takes some miliseconds for the game to recognize LMB/RMB/'Use' command. Or even failing to recognize the commands at all. It can take three, four RMBs to activate the scope. It's kind of annoying when the weapon refuses to shoot when I press LMB because of the input recognition lag. This is a vital issue for a PvP game - devs better fix this quickly.As a response to the comments' feedback: I have to add that my statement about the terrible control is a rare occasion. Generally, 1, or 2 key inputs would be recognized. I would say having to press twice is much more common than 3/4 times like I said. But it does often take some miliseconds for the inputs to be recognized. My point is still valid: The controls are NOT reactive - horrible for a PvP game.6. Vehicles flips too easily and difficult/too unrealistic to drive7. Door and movement bugs seem to be quite prevalent lately. Whenever I move a step ahead, the game throws me back 3, 4 steps backwards. Seems to be affecting the entire server whenever it happens. Invisible doors also prevent players from entering a building, throwing us outdoors whenever we try to enter a building. Similar to fps spikes, these happen randomly.ConclusionDon't lose all hopes because of my cons list - remember that this is an early access game. I know some of the cons can be too much to handle and disturbs the gameplay, but devs are very active in updating the game. I dare to conclude that PUBG is currently the best battle-royale MMOFPS/TPS PvP game out there. The current state of the game is more than playable. Definitely worth purchasing even when it's not on sale.Well that's all I have to say about PUBG. Hope it can be of help to potential buyers!P.S: I already addressed my low playtime hours issue in the comments section. Please kindly read all the older comments if you believe my playtime hours is insufficient to write a review.UPDATE: Never expected my review would go up top on Most Helpful for this game. So I've decided tonottake down this review after having more playtime hours. I'll update it if there're any significant changes."
,Not Recommended,578080,34406539,Posted: 21 August,all,shiro,"My friend was falsely banned for ""stream sniping"" despite the fact that we weren't even aware that there was a supposed streamer present in the server. As you can tell by the amount of time I've accumulated in this game, I thoroughly enjoy it, naturally it has its flaws, but that's to be expected of an early access game, or any game for that matter. However, I disdain such injustice and cannot recommend this game until drastic policy changes take place."
,Not Recommended,578080,34564494,Posted: 28 August,all,The Pilot,Look at a streamer the wrong way get banned. shame.
,Recommended,578080,32731892,Posted: 24 June,all,honourable spoon,-Jump out a plane naked-Land in a strange Romanian Town-Kill a guy with a pan-Go home and play PUBG5/7 would purchase again.
76561198050165104,Not Recommended,578080,34238905,Posted: 14 August,all,Nisvet,"Loved this game to death, and I won't be purchasing another copy or recommending this game until I get unbanned.Literally going against a few players that were apparently streamers (Stone valley or something stupid like that), a buddy of mine in my group told me. So I decided to attack them with a car while yelling ""BEEP, BEEP MOTHER F-UCKERS!"" Killing him and his buddy.Ever since I have been banned for harassment, like wtf? So I spent 30 euros on a game and risk potential ban for a little horse play, its not Like I was constantly going at them or saying racial slurs etc. Really dumb!Edit:Going to keep the review negative, but I got unbanned! :3 Could be because of my review, and it gaining tension, but still was unjustified and ignorant reason for banning me for a little horse play.I didn' exploit anything, if honking the car horn and yelling ""Beep Beep Mother ♥♥♥♥er"" to a streamer gets me banned, that's extremely dumb.They should definitely start looking into a better system, instead of craddeling streamers balls.Edit again: Apparently I was banned for stream snipping. I was in a game with a well known streamer ""Rock or Stone valley"" Something on those lines. It was a group game, and I was the only one alive, and my friends were dead, and by chance, 1 of my friends was watching the streamer and realized I was in their game as when I killed someone my name popped up in the recent kills.So he told me, and me knowing well that I wasn't going to survive much longer with a shotgun and pistol with no health or armour, got into a vehicle and charged straight at them while having my mic turned on ""Intentionally"" while honking and yelling into the mic. "" BEEP BEEP MOTHE♥♥♥♥ERS"" I instantly killed both of them, they were behind a couple of bushes.I got banned, reason was for harrasment and there was no timer indicating a suspension.Tried contacing the developers, with no response to this day.To clear things up for whom ever reads this review. I still strongly believe I did not deserve a ban, or any punishment really as it was mere horseplay, and just having fun."
76561197966020165,Not Recommended,578080,34214620,Posted: 13 August,all,Pille,"WAT IS WRONG WITH PUBG?https://youtu.be/P-tT8Bi6Cyc_INTROThe game concept is fun. As you can see from my hours played, I do enjoy the core game experience of a battle royale with semi-realistic mechanics. However, the developer is working very hard on ruining the experience by creating 3 classes of customers: the ALMIGHTY STREAMER, whoallegedlycan get players banned by his word alone. The FOOL, who pays real money to unlock crates to get clothing items. And finally, the PLEB PLAYER, who is at the butt of the joke.Before we get into the 3 classes of customers, what is this about? Well, the developer made 3 relevant statements:There will be no microtransactions in EA.There will be microtransactions for cosmetics only (no guns, no armor, no camo clothes) after EA.There willprobablybe no more free crates after EA.No. 1turned out to be a lie as therearewere microtransactions in EA with the Gamescom crate and all the clothes are on the Steam marketplace now.No. 2is nonsense to me as there are clearly clothing items that are better at camo than others. Visibility isnotjust cosmetic in a game like pubg. See video above.No. 3means that you won't be able to collect a camo-esque outfit after EA for free. You will be forced to pay money for it. You could also find a camo-esque piece of clothing in a match, but it's pretty obvious that someone who starts with a full camo outfit will be at an advantage over someone who has to be lucky and find all the parts in a match.Additional info: you don't keep the clothes you find in a match. Only clothes from lottery crates are yours to keep._THE CLASS SYSTEMNow let's look at the ALMIGHTY STREAMER:Streamers get custom servers with their own game modes and settings.The almighty streamer can claim his death was due to ""stream sniping"" andallegedlyget his killer banned. He simply has to get salty after dying and the devsallegedlyban the pleb players.Since the devs included the car horn, it's even better. Players are getting banned, because streamers claim they get harrassed by ""stream honking"". So you use the horn of a car and a streamer feels annoyed, youallegedlymight get banned.Let's look at the FOOL:The fool pays for clothes and thinks: it's only cosmetic, it doesn't give an advantage. He thinks that only the ghillie suit gives an advantage. This not true. There is already camo clothing in the game that gives an advantage. The clothing items in Pubg are NOT the same as weapon skins in CSGO.This crate crap attracts bots to farm ingame currency and gambling sites. I don't like fraudulent shenanigans.Let's look at the PLEB PLAYER:Having fun is ok, but if you want first class support you better be a popular streamer.Having fun is ok, but if you want an advantage, you probably will have to pay for ""purely cosmetic"" items that camouflage you._CONCLUSIONYou will die or find yourself at a disadvantage caused by a bug, bad performance or lag at least once per play session - but if you play this as a lighthearted romp, the derpy state of the game might actually add to the fun. How the dev can perceive his game as ""e-sports ready"" in this state is a mystery though. Same goes for the microtransactions and streamer drama.That's why I'd recommend the buggy broken game from a few weeks ago before they added paid crates, but cannot recommend the buggy game that wants to be an e-sport with a p2w lottery crate system."
,Not Recommended,578080,34118422,Posted: 8 August,all,WolfX,"Friend got banned for honking horn near a streamer called ""stone mountain"", and they called it ""harassment"". There aren't even enemy player tags, like how the heck was he supposed to know?"
,Not Recommended,578080,34842823,Posted: 9 September,all,Ln.Ris,"This game is not bad, but some things need to be changed about the bans.1- Streamer exploit bugs and dont get banned2- Guy on the stream use same bug and streamer report and the guy get banned.These devs are abusing to much they need to stop, and catch cheaters."
,Not Recommended,578080,34203384,Posted: 12 August,all,Mittsies,"Temporary review. WIll update later.Reasons I like PUBG (my opinions):- Currently best game of its genre (Battle Royale)- First person only mode (I don't like 3rd person shooters)- Matchmaking is instant, 100-player games fill in seconds- Being able to trade or sell loot boxes on steam market- Updates are constantly fixing and improving things- Despite its shortcomings, PUBG is still very fun to play with friendsReasons why I'm currently giving the game a downvote (my opinions):- Developers banning people for ""stream-sniping"" is disgusting- Developers banning people for completely justified friendly-fire is disgusting- Developers banning people for ""exploits"" in an early access game is disgusting- There's still an enormous number of gamebreaking bugs- Overall gameplay still feels incredibly clunky- Looting is still headache inducing and feels really bad most of the time- Vehicles can still glitch out and kill you for no reason- Netcode and hit-detection aren't great, and I don't think they can ever completely fix that- Horribly unoptimized (I can run it just fine, but most of friends cannot)- Melee is still a sick jokeI don't regret my purchase (especially because I made most of my money back already by selling loot), but at $30 PUBG is a shakey recommendation at best. This is one of those games that feels like absolute trash, but you put up with because it has some really good moments. There's a lot of downtime where you're just walking or looting, but each time you win a match it's such an exhillirating feel. Overall I wouldn't recommend this to anyone in its current state, unless you've got a group of friends to play with, because it's just way too rough around the edges and the developers have been making some terrible decisions lately with the player bans and policy changes."
,Not Recommended,578080,35260831,Posted: 28 September,all,Bat of Sealand,"Apearently i am a stream sniper. Someone who hasnt used twitch since 2011. I can't wait until this game dies, then you can enjoy it without getting false bans because a streamer is awful."
76561198125743694,Not Recommended,578080,35263300,Posted: 28 September,all,NekoApocalypse,"I BOUGHT THIS GAME FULL PRICE AND YOU GIVE ME IN GAME ADS!!!!!!! SHAME ON YOU BLUEHOLE!!!!For those who do not understand what I'm talking about, I'm a Chinese player and seemingly Bluehole get parterned up with some 'game accelerator' software and put an ad ON THE LOBBY SCREEN. (Basically a VPN software that makes you connect to the game faster)It says 'The only official accelerator of the game'..The ad appears only if you connect from China, so it wouldn't be a problem for players elsewhere, but why did Bluehole even approved this? They are already charging full price for an early access game and now they put ads in it. What kind of developer do this?"
,Not Recommended,578080,33929847,Posted: 31 July,all,ChefGordonRamsay,Had fun driving around honking a horn until I was within 10 yards of grimmmz and got banned for harassment
,Recommended,578080,31067819,Posted: 10 April,all,ChrisX.YoungDaggerDick666,"*Review update 3*First of all im glad to see that devs are keeping their promises and patches havebeen rolling in like crazy. At this point, I can finally say that go ahead and buy the game,there's no point in waiting anymore.They added some new items to the game, but as i stated below, their first priority isgiving us a playable framerate.Sound is so damn amazing now. Running sound effects are amazing, you can finally make out where players are. Gun sounds rock aswell.The game is full of campers who just sit in the houses and wait. to 1shot you with an shotgun, and end up winning the game with 1-2 kills. Im not saying that you shouldn't play tactically, im saying that don't play like a scared 12 old girl. Something need to be done to change that. Im more of a run around and shoot people kind of guy, and after getting 14 kills, im not happy when some G with 10 hours on record 1shots me with an shotgun.-True story: Somebody was chasing me, but a friend of mine came to my house to handle some... let's say bussiness and i ended up running into a house, and afking for 5 minutes on the second floor. And when i finally came back, the guy was still camping downstairs. I know that everybody has their own playstyle, but that sh*t is just not right.See you in the Battlegrouds.---------------------------------------------This game is going to kill H1Z1.I wouldn't recommend buying it if don't hava a decent PC.Palying on low settings is pretty hard and it doesn't run that well yet.*Pros*-Great combat and gunplay.-Gun customization.-Deep gameplay.-Much pontential.-Great devs-Amazing map-A lot of updates*Cons*-Performance got better, but it's still not anywhere near where it should be.-DSYNC-Short range combat feels kinda odd.*Why is this better than H1Z1?-Hasn't been out for 3 years with 2 little updates.-It just is.-Non arcade gameplay.-Gunplay feels 8x better.-People won't be jumping out of moving vehicles to 1shot you with a shotgun.-Better map.-Better weapons, weapon attatchments.*My ideas for the game*-Performance is your first thing to fix. I don't want to see other sh*t until it's fixed.-Add an deathcam for solo games. Would be nice to see where you were killed from, so you can improve and maybe check that spot next time.-Show us how much HP our enemy had left if he killed us in a gun battle.-Fix those awful dsync, people can run you over if you already have passed the corner.-Fall damage is more random thatrandom.org-Jumping out of an vehicle that is moving 10 mp/h shouldn't end up in you being ran over by that vehicle.-Bleeding should be a thing.-''Towns'' don't really feel like towns. They are more like a lot of random houses smashed together.This is it for now. I have been playing for 19 hours at this point and those are the things that came to my mind.I think that i will stop playing it this much until the performance patch comes out, but you never know.Thanks for reading.-Chris"
,Not Recommended,578080,34510164,Posted: 26 August,all,Pedro-NF | NoobsForever.net,"(CHECK OUT THE UPDATES AT THE BOTTOM)It's an amazing game with a lot of potential, but I simply cannot recommend it until the publisher stops babysitting streamers and stops banning people who kill or disturb them. I don't watch or follow streamers and can't see the point in doing that instead of actually playing the game. This is a matter of principle - if you're in the game broadcasting your position to the whole world, you should be ready and willing to deal with the consequences of doing that. And while the streamers get pampered, cheating is completely out of control.What worries me the most is that Brendan Greene (aka PLAYERUNKNOWN) seems to be a fan of Microsoft and their ""software as a service"" business model, which already spawned abominations likeCancer 10. Thus the lack of plans for Linux and Mac OS X ports and for Vulkan support. I'm pretty sure they have DirectX 12 support planned though and eventually the game might becomeCancer 10only, which would be a real shame.UPDATE:with the 14 September 2017 update, the devs decided to go all Microsoft and removed some of the players' choices. The Shadows setting is now being ignored, and a high level of shadows is being forced on all players, together with ambient occlusion, bloom and depth of field. All the bugs reported onthe game's official forumsby people who played on the test servers before the update was deployed to the main servers were solemnly ignored, making me wonder what's the point in having test servers at all.UPDATE 2:one of their ""community managers"" posted an ""explanation"" referring tothis topicon reddit instead of on their official forums where the topic was created, so I posted on their official forums that doing that was amateurish of him. A few minutes later, I was summarily banned from their official forums without any previous warning by a moderator going by the nickPUBG_Caesar of Roma. And to think that I've been helping to promote this game on all the[>NF<] Game Serverssites and community channels since it was launched...So, when you post on the PUBG official forums, be extremely careful not to write anything the hypersensitive, touchy-feely ""community managers"" and moderators might find even slightly offensive to them, or you will be banned without warning and with no chance to appeal the ban."
76561198125777922,Not Recommended,578080,35109721,Posted: 21 September,all,Need A Cute Waifu Pls,"The game is quite fun, especially when playing with a friend, or friends. Yes; the game can be boring if you are new and don't know good spots to drop at. The constant 'loot then die' experience is definetely something I feel the Devs should work on by adding new game modes, and allowing FULL custom game sandbox configuration.The reason I have to give this game a negative review is because of the poor business practices of the developers.People are getting unfairly banned because whiney streamers call anyone who kills them a ""stream-sniper."" While stream sniping can be a huge issue and ruin a players experience; a majority of the time it's just the streamer saying♥♥♥♥♥♥to not look bad. When the developers want to grow a spine and stop catering to streamers who put themselves in a vulnerable position; I will change this review."
76561198299643299,Not Recommended,578080,33889486,Posted: 29 July,all,brandoncliffton,"Biggest turn off for me is that to do well you have to crank the graphics way, way, way down. On a bunch of occassions I would be hiding motionless in tall grass or a super dark shaddow and someone 100m+ away would spot me and pick me off really quickly. It made me scratch my head since on my screen I was virtually invisible. I tried turning my settings down and then I realized on low settings the darkness contrast between shaddow and direct sunlight is near zero - about 90-95% of the foliage and grass disappears - character models are super distinct against in game objects - low render distance means that character models still render at max distance, but all of their visual cover disappears (you can literally look through trees, bushes, and grass. It's like having a wall hack turned on).In summation - it's a really cool game, but I am not interested in playing with potato quality graphics. I didn't buy a PC so I could play games that look worse than last gen consoles."
76561198018221360,Not Recommended,578080,34175809,Posted: 11 August,all,Delinquent365,"GAME IS AMAZING. MICROTRANSACTIONS AND BEING BANNED FOR HONKING A HORN = STUPID. WE PAY FOR EARLY ACCESS... AND YOU STATE THAT ""game is not finished. current gameplay and bugs do not affect the end result"" YET SOMEONE IS  BEING BANNED BECAUSE YOUR GAME IS BROKEN AND THEY WERE ABLE TO GET ""UNDER THE MAP"". THIS COMPANY HAD GOOD INTENTIONS AND THEN SAW HOW MUCH OF A CASH COW IT WAS AND GOT BLINDED. ♥♥♥♥ MICROTRANSACTIONS. AND FIX YOUR GAME BEFORE BANNING PEOPLE WHO ACCIDENTLY FIND BUGS."
,Not Recommended,578080,30973835,Posted: 5 April,all,Sythalin,"NOTE: This review was originally written before the in-game reporting system was in place.Decent game, however it's rampant with aimbotters just like every other FPS out there.  However, doNOTpost about the lack of in-game reporting -You will be banned for doing so.(to confim and clarify, yes, this was me)The censorship has escalated, original screenshot was removed:http://prntscr.com/et11jlNew screenshot:http://prntscr.com/f3eyt2Additional Link:http://i.imgur.com/GivS964.pngEDIT:Yes,I still play because I love the concept of the game (and I'm already over the refund time limit), but hoping that they deal with the hackers instead of just sweeping the issue under the rug like they have been so far.EDIT 2:Since people have been ""calling me out"", no I have never stated or told anyone to not buy the game.  That's their decision.  It would be quite hypocritical to for me to promote a boycott when I still play the game myself despite this occurence of power abuse on the forums.  I just exposed the devs' power trip, nothing more.EDIT 3:A lot of people have been talking about how it was a steam moderator who banned me and nothing to do with the devs.  I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to set that record straight:http://prntscr.com/f3f1dv"
,Not Recommended,578080,31757826,Posted: 14 May,all,Artemis Dragmire,"Right now I can't recommend this game. The game IS super fun and addicting. I quite enjoy playing it.However, the game is coded very poorly, and the developers refuse to acknowledge the rampant cheating that is taking place ingame.If you mention cheaters on the official forums, you will get banned and your topic removed.It seems like the developers are giving their tacit permission to cheat in this game, so let me tell you how some of the cheats are being done.First of all, the game tracks bullet trajectories client side. As a result, cheaters can modify the game's memory to remove cover, even entire buildings. While they won't be able to walk through walls doing this, they will be able to shoot through the buildings or rocks you are hiding behind, and kill you when you have no way to retaliate.In addition, there are many cheats out for the game right now that add a player radar, or alter player skins to be highly visible. As a result, the stealth element of the game ends up going out the window. While you may be hidden from anyone playing the game normally, if someone has a mod that makes players hot pink against a drab green background, well, good luck hiding.Related to that, the developers have openly allowed people to modify their game files using shader injectors, which for many people is a way to pretty up the game. However, it's equally easy to use these shader mods to remove key features from the game that add cover and make you harder to spot, such as removing ground foliage, or making the shadows highly saturated or completely nonexistant, giving players the advantage.The devs have outright said this is ok, so they support cheating in their game, and if you don't run third party tools, you will be at a disadvantage.At $30, the game would be a steal if it was fair. Unfortunately, since the developers support cheating, that $30 is wasted if you ever want to be remotely competitive.The latest update claims to have fixed some of the avenues for cheating. I have not played since posting this to test. Plan to play this weekend.No chance to play this weekend really, servers went down. So even if the cheatingi is fixed, the servers are garbage.Update:So some patches have come out for the game. Have put a few more hours into it here and there.Still don't recommend buying the game at its price point. There are some positive changes being made to the game, and the optimization has gotten better. The cheaters are still ever present in Solo, but seem to have died down a bit.I won't remove this review however, for two reasons. 1. It is making people think hard about buying an early access product. This is good. Early access can be a money pit. This one is fairly good for early access, but still suffers from a lot of development issues, and poor community management (see: none at all).The second reason I won't take down this review is because I have received death threats and been otherwise bullied into trying to remove it. I don't know if this is the shady♥♥♥♥♥Korean devs paying people to try and scare off one of their top negative reviews, or just salty fanboys. Maybe a little of both.Either way, I'm not scared, and I've heard ALL the insults before. So keep em coming.Latest update:Cheaters have died down a bit, probably get killed by one 1/6 games or so. Still a problem, and the devs still haven't done anything about it, but reduced because the game's popularity has waned a bit.New hotness though:People teaming in solos or combining two duo teams into a 4-man squad in duos.I'm seeing this now probably 1/3 games. This is another form of cheating, and again, the devs don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥Update 6/30/17 -New patch is out. It's a good one. PUBG has claimed to have banned 25k cheaters, which is good if true.Does kinda shoot the people claiming it's impossible to cheat and that cheaters are NOT a problem right in the face though, doesn't it?Played some of the patch last night, it's feeling much more optimized and they have improved the performance a lot.However, due to the popularity of this patch, and the devs bragging about banning cheaters, cheaters are even more popular right now than I've seen in a long time. Probably about 1 out of 2 games has a cheater in them (in duos mostly right now, haven't played squad or solo much recently)."
,Recommended,578080,30701899,Posted: 24 March,all,RT_Mythictang,Pros:- Lots of intense and heart pounding moments!!- Kills are satisfying !!- Better than H1Z1 !!- Weapon variety & customization !!Cons:- Optimization.- Sound FX.- Vehicles Physics.- Sometimes Laggy.Good early access! Keep up the awesome work:D9/10
76561198093763795,Recommended,578080,30770300,Posted: 27 March,all,Warqig,"Performance needs to improve, but otherwise a great game!"
,Recommended,578080,31688074,Posted: 11 May,all,Boizez,Winning 1 out of 100 Has never felt so good.
,Recommended,578080,32861717,Posted: 27 June,all,ShrimpoKnight 🖖 🤔,The only game on my steam account I can justify paying  full price for.
,Recommended,578080,31090201,Posted: 11 April,all,VanValdenburg,"when you like arma/dayz combat and searching for a H1Z1 alternative, this is your game."
76561198015487375,Recommended,578080,30687282,Posted: 23 March,all,Yahtzee,Played the beta for 33 hours. Coming from H1Z1 this is going to feel like jumping from the 2000's to current games in 2017. Dev's are constantly patching and working on the game and not just trying to create more and more over priced cosmetic loot crates.
,Recommended,578080,32862057,Posted: 27 June,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Dom,Battle Royale as its finestThe one and only game where they put 100 camperon an island and they all have fun :)also a great example how Early Access should work...10/10 would buy again
76561198260069764,Not Recommended,578080,35310377,Posted: 29 September,all,Euphonium,"As a Chinese player who speaks for the largest player group of this game, I must tell you guys a fact about how Bluehole handled server issue. Because there is no Chinese server and playing in any server like NA or AS will give players a lag over 200ms, nearly every single player in China needs to spend considerable extra cash compared to the price of the game monthly to purchase access of a net proxy to get rid of the lag. Usually 4 months membership fee of a decent proxy costs the same money to buy a PUBG. But instead of trying to solve that problem for the region that has the most players in the world, Bluehole just made partnership with the most popular proxy company in China and claimed it to be the official proxy for PUBG. And that is absolutely ludicrous! There is not a second region in this world that needs to pay extra money beside the cost of the game itself to play, not to mention that cost is paid monthly. The developer is not only not trying to make that extra spending go away but also making new partners to rip players off more. As a player I found that very very insulting and Chinese players are treated very unfairly.Upon of all that, the game itself still have a significant amount of bugs and lack of optimization. Even for my PC, which has 7800x and 1080Ti as well as 32g ram, I still need to adjust certain settings to low even very low to have a relatively smooth game experience. And that ""smooth"" is still relative. I literally have fps dropping every single game, especially when it is raining or when im in a redzone, which is really annoying and irratating when I am trying to shoot someone or scounting the nearby environment.Anyway, that's the reason why I dont recommend this game. If you hate fps drop in a FPS game, I strongly advise you against trying it."
,Not Recommended,578080,35411435,Posted: 2 October,all,gottkoenig dokapp,Developments since release>Kill streamerGet banned>honk at a streamerGet banned>you like free cosmetics ?Now pay for them>performanceStill sh^t>servermega sh^t
76561198034965030,Not Recommended,578080,34435938,Posted: 23 August,all,Sploder,"How to make 100's of millions in a few months with barely any effort:1: Take a really fun idea for a game (it has to be survival & multiplayer so your friends will pressure you into getting it)2: Get an engine and make a handful of lazy assets (you can just asset flip them if you want extra super lazy dev points)3: Make a map and fill it with the same boring assets over and over4: Release game in barely playable state in Early Access but charge full price5: Don't bother optimising or adding content but make sure you add microtransactions instead6: Steal underpants7: Don't bother doing any more work, you're already a millionaire so screw the people who paid for your gameAnd there you have it. An exact transcript from the preliminary development meeting at Bluehole...PS: I have actually enjoyed about half the time I've spent in this game (when its not lagging crashing or bugging out), but the way things are going with the developers the future of this game looks extremely bleak. Just like DayZ standalone, it will never be finished because they don't have to care any more. Prove me wrong Bluehole, prove me wrong.EDIT: Yes the game is fun. When you play with your friends it can be amazing, but it still has a VERY long way to go. It needs more content and maps and it will be great."
,Recommended,578080,32502793,Posted: 17 June,all,got_milk2h,LOOT - RUN - DIE - REPEAT
76561198092444616,Not Recommended,578080,35095398,Posted: 20 September,all,Dinguin Farster®,"I am on the verge of recommending this game and not recommending it. I feel I am a bit more towards not recommending it since the game overall is not that special. It can be fun when playing with friends but the fun comes more from the tension created by interacting with your friends always watching out and being on the move since running around is really all you do for the most part. There is not much variety in the game.The game does not look amazing, but can run very poorly. even on a machine that should run the game smoothly, specially for how it looks.  Opening doors feels like its own game, since opening doors, getting into vehicles and picking up items is unresponsive and frustrating.The game shines in its combat and sound design though, specially in close quarters environments. Unfortunatelly most combat usually takes place near the end of the game. Turning into a who can flash, rush, hide or run around the closing circle the fastest competition. Unless you decide to drop into one of the large cities players frequent. In which case you will likely be fighting more often but at 20fps.Until the game is optimized more, made more responsive and injected with more variety in both graphics and gameplay, I will lean towards not recommending it."
,Not Recommended,578080,34667292,Posted: 1 September,all,aren,"A great game with many problems. Twitch drama, breaking no microtransaction promise, stupid BattleEye, badly optimized. Its fun, but the Devs are trying to kill itEDIT : Based on @Straight Up Chill's criticism, I agree that microtransaction is not a big deal yet. However, I still think it's very shady.Grow up instead of just blatantly insulting me you♥♥♥♥♥♥riding fangaysIf you wanna play Battle Royale Fortnight's pretty good and its free. The devs of pubg claim they stolen ideas but what they dint steal is the optimization lul"
,Recommended,578080,32162401,Posted: 3 June,all,Simbo,"1. Join a game2. Follow me, im a snake.3. China number one.4. Inaudible screeching in plane.5. RageRepeat"
76561198001241580,Recommended,578080,30690027,Posted: 23 March,all,Drisk,The game is fun as hell. Finally a good battle royal game. Only complaint would be the performance. The game will still need better optimization.
,Recommended,578080,30934100,Posted: 3 April,all,Zyddie,"This game kinda caught me by surprise.Rarely do I write about early access games and the state they are in and VERY rarely do I ever touch a game like this, however 4 friends of mine talked me into testing it out and I`m having a lot of fun.The game itself is poorly optimized beyond words, major FPS drops even on my GTX 980 TI´s but the gameplay is solid, 90-100 people drop off an airplane have fun and be last man/woman standing.The pure thrill of being close to one of the last one surviving or playing hide and seek for 20-30 mins is intense and the gunplay is played very very good, playing with teammates everything from duo to 4-6 people just makes the game a hell of a tactical game, planning where to meet what stuff to pickup and how to help each other the best, it is a game that in it´s current state is gonna be very curious to follow and hopefully they will not ♥♥♥♥ it up like a lot of other types of this game.That being said, the game already paid itself for me due to the drops, I`ve spend 30 bucks on the game and gotten drops for nearly 65 bucks sooo I`m quite okay.I`m therefor strongly recommending the game as it is now even with the bad FPS drops and connection issues you will find now and then it is diffenetly worth the buy and diffenetly worth keeping an eye on for the future."
,Not Recommended,578080,35313746,Posted: 29 September,all,Weather Report,"In PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BANNINGGROUNDS one player (you) must find a way to make it to the end of a 100 man battle royale located in modern day Detroit without getting banned for killing streamers whether they are streaming or not. Additionally, if you choose to kill the guy that is team killing your squad you also get banned for team killing. Get used to it hater."
,Recommended,578080,30757388,Posted: 26 March,all,Major Autism,I learned from this game that China is number one.
,Recommended,578080,34272616,Posted: 16 August,all,tv episode,"""i get like 30-40 streamsnipers a game"" grimmmzit is not Bluehole's job to ban streamsnipers, the streamers are taking the risk by streaming it, blame them Kappa"
,Recommended,578080,30694797,Posted: 23 March,all,Fraz,h1z1 died within the first 10 mins of this releaseedit: this triggered a few people :D
,Recommended,578080,31099229,Posted: 12 April,all,shark2ooth1,"This is the first time I have written a review for any game so take it for what it is worth.The main reason why I am writing this review is to say how awesome this game is. Keep in mind that it is early access so there is some work that needs to be done, but as it is right now its a great game.I was a little hesitant to get into DayZ or H1Z1 just because of all the negativity revolved around those games which was unfortunate because survival PvP games are my favorite. I haven't played many simply because people who play them typically ruin the game and it was hard to find out that leveled the playing field, but still made it intense and fun enough to play. I personally do not use any cheating software and I have no idea how to get or have any desire to, but I feel like this game does have some cheaters in it which is very disapointing.Besides that the game is really fun. With it only having one game mode I keep finding myself going back for more but, I can only play 2 or 3 rounds every time just because you invest so much each time you play which I love!! You really have to think during the game and try to anticipate the other players moves. I saw a guy block one of the bridges to cross with vehicles and I was impressed that people come up with in game strategies to gain an upper hand. If you use outside sources to cheat then I wish your PC will spontaneously combust cause you ruin it for everyone else you low life.Over all the game is a great platform that levels the playing field for all players and its up to how skilled you are and some times how lucky you can get. I haven't played the game multiple times and each time there is a different out come or I go a different path. I highly recommend this game and this is why I wrote this review because I felt that I had an obligation to testify to the greatness and simplisty of this game."
,Recommended,578080,30789456,Posted: 28 March,all,Kenichi,"I'll preface this review by saying Battlegrounds by no means complete nor well-optimized in it's current state. However, that does not mean it is unenjoyable or unplayable.Despite my short amount of time in-game, I can confidently say is much better than it's counterpart, H1Z1 King of the Kill for a number of reasons:1. Its weapon variety is much healthier and (somewhat) balanced in customability, strengths and weaknesses (and will evidently grow in number).2. Some central mechanics of the game are much more realistic and less buggy in comparison to its counterpart (you can't jump out of cars that are flying at the speed of light and live; weapons actually hit where you aim, at least along the vertical axis - bullet drop is a thing!).3. There are tons of servers already, and they are more often than not at least playable (I've only had one account of having to leave the game due to horrendous lag).4. Graphically, it's a beautiful game at its highest settings, although it is nearly impossible to play with said settings effectively due to poor optimization, and thus FPS issues/inconsistencies.5. The Steam Market already includes the game's in-game skins and items available to characters; another thing worth noting here is that it's relatively easy to earn ""Reward Points"" from simply playing the game. With this, you can gradually purchase crates which will randomly drop said skins.6. The game actually feels fun and fair to play. There are a minute number of instances that feel like I was killed due to poor game design or exploitations.Again, this game is by no means complete or the absolute best thing I've played thus far, but it's shaping up to be extremely promising. The Battle Royale in the Arma series were extremely fun, but just a little too slow-paced it seemed; H1Z1 had and has a number of problems that are fundamental to a game's success and playability; Battlegrounds appears to be setting a new standard in battle royale-type games."
,Recommended,578080,34401058,Posted: 21 August,all,makyam1,"Story Time:>>Go AFK in plane to see how many easy kills I can get>>Parachute out see that noone else is AFK>>Damn man Better think quick>>Fly to bottom left corner of map>>Notice noone followed>>Start to loot and pray to circle god that the circle is kind>>It's Not>>Circle is on far right side of map>>No car nearby>>Clench buthole and run for circle praying to PUBG gods I find car>>Find car but it's parked.>>Damn fam someone is nearby>>See man jump out of building>>I have upper hand>>Creep up on him>>Damn about to get me a kill>>Has back turned to me>>My time to shine>>Start shooting>>Guy yells out, ""Don't shoot don't shoot"">>I stop>>Guy says ""Let's go together and then go our seperate ways at the circle."">>I ask why should I?>> he explains his game has been crashing a lot and hasn't had a full game yet.>>I accept offer and we head off together>>I ask what his specs are on the ride>>Find out he plays on low>>Tell him try lowest>>He is shocked there is a lowest,but thanks me for the info>>Make it to circle>>Let him out near abandon car>>He thanks me for letting him live>>I drive off>>MFW I made a friend in this game"
,Not Recommended,578080,33807808,Posted: 26 July,all,Soda Popinsky,"""Guys we made 100 million U$S in 4 months(UPDATE: 150 millions U$S at August 2017) but we need you to buy some crates to fund the tournaments pls""A developer who broke his promise of none microtransaction until full release is a developer who doesnt respect the community.UPDATE: The game is fun, but I dont like to be treated like a fool."
,Recommended,578080,30788433,Posted: 28 March,all,BigToeJoe,"Played 24 hours in 3 days, made me rage and I broke my desk with my fist.10/10 would sacrifice my desk again."
76561197989619026,Recommended,578080,32279636,Posted: 8 June,all,Dizzy,Fun game to play with friends
,Recommended,578080,30746623,Posted: 26 March,all,VP | AR$AL,RIP h1z1........
,Not Recommended,578080,35314384,Posted: 29 September,all,Ollie,"Honestly I thought I would really enjoy this, but that is not the case.It's buggy as hell. I appreciate it's still early access but they've got the funding. They have a button on the main page to 'refresh the UI incase it's buggy'. If that isn't an indicator of what to expect I don't know what is.Performance is terrible. People with modest rigs still suffer from poor fps.It's so clunky. Things you can't walk up or climb over are just beyond frustrating. Putting your gun to a window or over a desk prevents you from doing so. When you think you're picking up ammo off the floor, you end up picking the gun instead, you switch back but then have to reload the gun again, even though it was previously loaded.The maps are so large half the time it feels like a walking simulator. You spend 50% of your time staring at the floor for items, 49% walking and 1% shooting.The general gun mechanics are strange. There's been several times I've pumped a full round into someone (the blood spats are an indicator it hit) and the player is still alive and shoots you dead in one. Other times I've shot someone with a shotgun from 25 meters away and killed them in 1 hit.The devs themselves are poor too and act like children. It's just a massive cash cow now. Here's why:- Bringing in micro transactions during early access is just unethical especially after the amount it's made in sales, there's no excuse.- Bringing in micro transations when they clearly stated they didn't. So that was a massive lie.- They ban people for stream sniping and even those that aren't. There's no care for their players. They support the streamers because it's their way of marketing and getting more sales.- They ban people from their forum that have posted a polite opinion.- They cry when another company ""steals"" their idea, even though battle royale style games has been around for years."
,Not Recommended,578080,31776402,Posted: 15 May,all,ReddyB,"As fun as this game is - it runs like hot garbage. Wait before the devs sort it out before you purchase this game. I can't wait for them to actually sort it out, optimise it and fix the awful sound - because this game is incredible fun when it works."
,Not Recommended,578080,35296200,Posted: 29 September,all,R3v3actor,"I thought csgo had the worst servers , then i met pubg"
76561197961885874,Recommended,578080,30835250,Posted: 30 March,all,vipure,Best BattleGround Game. Dev updated more in a week than H1Z1 has done in there entire life. 10/10
76561198176856743,Not Recommended,578080,35280545,Posted: 28 September,all,Burgernade,why do I have to see game booster ads INSIDE the game in chinese server?????  I hate it！
,Recommended,578080,30960885,Posted: 5 April,all,Volcanuz.-,"Update on the review as the new patch for 8/12/2017 is now live.This patch was a kick in the teeth. Truely did it break the game in some insane ways and also break the community and doing so before the game is even released was a very poor move from Bluehole.The monthly patch which passed brought with it new crate system, this threw everyone for a tizzy as now you are limited to how many free crates you can get a week (coming from someone who could get 10 a week at times now locked to 7), and also bringing Keys which means a paid for crate version. The fact it is still tied into the BP in game earning system and the crate is sellable is a plus for active users like me (making money on the market is  a plus for me) but it also brings the major issue into the whole argument. Bluehole said before even putting the game on steam that they would not do a system like this nor would they have microtransactions. Just flat out said it and got a massive following due to this one statement. They totally went back on their word and did this anyway trying to loop hole in that it is for making the game into an Esport using DOTA2's system to make revenue for  the event.Along with this whole issue which doesn't seem to affect me as i don't care about microtransactions what this does do for me is cause doubt on the other aspects of the game they had planned or decided not to do for the game. If they can revert their stance on microtransactions which is a point of interest or disgust for a massive following of players then what about the smaller things they promised to do or not to do??First person only servers were added for beta test and work rather well seperating the idiots who think the 3rd person mode was the reason for their losing matches so now they are back to whinging about something else they hate or want removed which is nice for me as the crying was getting really irritating.Server stability is at an all time low again, with choppy non-client side frame drops which make you want to slit your wrists, and server lag detected issues which cause the WHOLE SERVER TO CRASH. And it still hasn't been hotfixed..Game is long from finished and it seems every patch hurts the players more and more.Just wait a little longer for it to become stable or help join the rest of us test this game. Just save your self time  and stress if you can't deal with game breaking bugs randomly each week it gets patched(i mean broken).--------Let me start by saying this is the best battle royal game i have played and i have played all (this includes every mod based battle royal too.) except h1z1's but that waas due to UI and loot mechanics(i didnt like the inventory).First ill give the pro points.PRO:-Large map, it has a lot of areas from thick forest to thinned out forest and lots of cover from rocks to bushes and other random set pieces. Lots of swimmable areas and even a town that is flooded. Military bases and military checkpoints all the way to hunting huts. There are also nice little hidden loot spots too which is nice.-Loot. As said, every building you can see spawns loot. All of them. There is not one human made structure that doesn't give you loot.-Weapons. As of now there isn't a massive array of weaponary but what is there is very useful, from pisols, smg to sniper rifles ALL have a high leathality. My highest killing gun is the UMP which is a 9mm varient in this game and it destroys people within 20meters. There is not one gun that doesn't feel like it is useless.-Buildings. All are very well designed and i feel that the layout inside feels realistic to what a house would have. I mean compared to something like ARMA where you don't know where someone would sleep let alone take a dump this game actually has toilets, pantrys, bedrooms and kitchens. This is useful because it lets you pick better locations in side of the house to have a gunfight in and more objects to hide behind.-Servers. OCE, Asian, South American, North American and Euro as of now are in the game, which is nice. The latency is great and i have not had one issue yet with my connection to any of the servers i have tried (Asian, NA and OCE) with 180ms to NA servers and 30ms to OCE servers.-Server load. 100 people in a lobby/match. Short que time with minimal lobby time wait of only 2 minutes tops. If the lobby notices that no one else is joining it will auto start the game after a count down. This means you can have 30 or so people in a lobby then it will start which can at times be annoying but still is nice if you want to play late at night and just have a  really intense match with a small amount of people.-Cars/boat. 3 to choose from at the moment and one boat. All drive very nice compared to Wildlands(the ubisoft game) with minimal issues bar one for me which is that some times it takes a while for the game to notice im trying to enter the car. Not sure if bug or just locational activation issue.-Weather. It can rain. Not sure if anything else but its nice to have that feature to change up the match. I personally hate it because you can hardly hear anyone around you plus it causes frame issues for me but thats because my computer is pretty garbage.-Team and solo mode. Okay now this is what worried me about this game. But it was instantly settled once i started playing. Solo means SOLO no teams at all or teaming. I mean people could team up but i have never seen it. Duo is 2 people only, and Squad is up to 4 players, you can enter with 2 or 4 if  you want, or you can just go totally solo into squad for an insane challange.Medical supplies. It takes time to use meds, i know as a BR player healing can be very irritating to deal with in a fight as some can be fast and others non-existant. In this game it takes 3 seconds for Bandage, 6 for pain pills(which is an over time heal) 6 for first aid kits, and 10 seconds or more for Medkit.CONS:-LOD issues. I personally get this because i have a normal HDD which is very old and needs to be replaced. But some other people i know have had this issue before. It causes buildings not to load in properly and feels like you are running 1-2fps. You think its  your GPU but it isn't its your HDD or RAM being overloaded so it causes the computer to freeze up. A good fix for this is to make sure nothing else is running in the background prior to joining a game. This issue can last as long as your HDD is jammed up or at 100% load.-Terrain/map issues. Remember with an Alpha or BETA game you will always run into these. Some times if you jump up onto something, it will get you stuck, and there are some locations on the ground or next to walls which will cause this same issue where you are floating. There are also some invisible walls but very few of those.-Overall Optomization. Pretty much not fully optomized. Expect to change your settings to medium or low/verylow. This can be a pain but later the game will be fully optomized so just take your time.-Voice chat. Lots of spam so you may aswell turn it off most times.-Price. Pretty high right now so it can put you off. But if you love Battle Royal games it is so damn worth it i swear on me mum.Other than that i can't think of any other problems with the game. I am by no means a fanboi of this game i didn't even try get an Alpha version when they offered it. I thought it would be another Culling or a crappy version of H1Z1 but i am happily proven wrong.I know there are probably more pros/cons i could add but right now none are so glaringly visable that i need to add to this review. The only thing that bothers me the most is just my own hardware not keeping up with this game and that i can fix myself in my own time.REMEMBER THIS IS A BETA RELEASE REVIEW. I will continue to update this as they update their game."
76561198062611617,Recommended,578080,31188520,Posted: 16 April,all,ORIAX,"(Post note: The following has been written prior to my learning about optimization on my own end, server issues around patch dates, and info from Reddit that's SUPER helpful.)BRUH.You want anxiety and a rush and a solid feel of accomplishment?! This is your ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and cream.This is super early alpha so OPTIMIZATION DOES NOT EXIST YET. GTX 980 and I run everything on low because the game is in its infancy. This game just came out, give it some time and help turn it into YOUR GAME, so leave feedback!The game does get lag spikes and low res but it young, HOWEVER this is one of the few games that gets me frantic and SO pumped when you start getting within 50 players.It's Hunger Games, times a lot. In Russia.Game drops everyone off, kicks you out the back of a plane, and you're on your own to survive.You have to THINK ALL the time, be watchful and LISTEN. This is not an easy game.If you want a game to be a challange for you, you have 99 other people hunting for you.Or in a duo, or squad.10/10 IGN instantly addicted."
76561198174451069,Not Recommended,578080,35298261,Posted: 29 September,all,Puck You!,A good game with a server worse than Ubi's.
,Recommended,578080,30711994,Posted: 24 March,all,Nervosity,RIP H1Z1
,Recommended,578080,32964298,Posted: 28 June,all,Ebok,If you want adrenaline.  This game is for you
,Recommended,578080,30883771,Posted: 1 April,all,viRo369,"Dunno why, but I love the atmospheric rainy weather and Chicken Dinner. <3╔PROS╗Developed with community feedback!Made by Brendan Greene. (BR: Arma 2 Mod)Lot of intense, adrenaline and unforgettable moments.Good looking & fresh graphics. (Unreal-4-Engine)Acceptable ingame-balance so far. (e.g. weapon spawns)Good reward system. (Still in progress)Simple but effective weapon variety and customization.No random spawn, you ""decide"" where to land on an massive 8x8 km island.Work hard against cheater. Battle-Eye, forum and algorithm demo search.Very good & smooth menu guidance. (Highlight matching parts)Early access game, yes - but core mechanics of the game are 99% solid.╔CONS╗For some people performance needs to improve. (But they work on it)Movement animation looks sometimes bit strange. (Maybe because of lags?)Hitboxes sometimes doesn't fit. (Lags?)Some distance graphic bugs, which can cause advantages. (e.g. shoot trough not loaded trees/stones)Sometimes the start of a match is unplayable laggy. (EU Servers)╠OVERALL╣Personally I play with around 40-80 fps (i7-4790K,16GB,GTX 960-4GB) and it's surprisingly enough. In my eyes, ~9/10 matches telling their own exciting story and only ~1/10 matches are frustrating because of bugs/lags. But the Developers are working hard and promissed to final release it in 6 months. In its current state and my experience 04/02/17, its my new first place BATTLE ROYAL game and 100% worth the price tag.@ø¤º°`°º¤ø,¸( 8,5/10 )¸,ø¤º°`°º¤ø,¸@╠ADDITIONALS╣[How to Fix fast FPS-Issues] by viRo369Go to Library > right click PUB > PropertiesClick on ""Steam Launch Options""Add the following into your steam launch commands:-USEALLAVAILABLECORES -malloc=system[How to FPS-Boost Guide]by azgoodaz[How to change the FOV]by ʏᴏᴜʀᴇPRIME"
76561197977082122,Recommended,578080,30770288,Posted: 27 March,all,Rogu3,"PUBG is the ultimate step up from H1Z1 in every way, it's a shame people are giving negative reviews based on poor optimization of an early access release that has already stated HUGE (and provided clear evidence of) optimization patches on the way. Or giving it a bad review because they played a single game, dropped in a bad spot and wasn't showered with M4s and AWMs... I mean really?This is head and shoulders above the rest in its genre and the communication from the team behind it to the players so far is second to none, once the creases are ironed out this will be a must have for any survival fan!"
,Recommended,578080,30704276,Posted: 24 March,all,They call me Jesus,"Great game, performance sucks though. The devs have released a timeline for optimization in the future."
,Recommended,578080,30747693,Posted: 26 March,all,PotatoGem,"rip H1Z1Nah but on a serious note, this game has been polished unlike any other game ive seen before and its in early access...The animations and gun gameplay is fleshed out so everything moves fluently, expecially when compared to its counterpart ARMA or the rip off H1Z1.This game has a lot of promise and by the looks of it, its going to keep going up."
,Not Recommended,578080,33810419,Posted: 26 July,all,TKL,Developer lied and broke their promise about not having microtransactions before full release.
,Recommended,578080,32941717,Posted: 28 June,all,EX!T ✅,*Top sellers Game of the year 2017Waiting for new maps :)
76561197968478283,Recommended,578080,30692188,Posted: 23 March,all,Huntbutt,This makes h1z1 look like its from 1999
,Not Recommended,578080,33810452,Posted: 26 July,all,Gooby,"Although I love the core game, I can't recommend it to anyone now as the developer has broken one of the most paramount promises made during EA; They said no paid content until release, now they're introducing keys, needed to open crates, which are purchased with real money, akin to CSGO.Not supporting this cashgrab move by not buying the game is the best thing you can do right now."
,Recommended,578080,30688636,Posted: 23 March,all,Gnome Child,Easily the best Battle Royale type game that you can get at the moment. Blows H1Z1 out of the water.
,Not Recommended,578080,33810411,Posted: 26 July,all,Canksilio,"DO NOT BY THIS GAME. The developers are showing no signs that they care about the community judging by the waves of bad publicity they are creating and they are actively introducing anti-consumer microtransaction systems before the game is even stable, let alone complete. This information was not avaliable when I purchased it, and they actually stated on their official FAQ that they will not be releasing microtransactions until after early access. By purchasing this game, you are encouraging this kind of behaviour and voting with your wallet that you want content to be cut and re-labled as DLC or microtransactions. I myself will be attempting to get a refund on this game, because I would not have bought it if I had known then what I know now.Went back on a promise not to include microtransactions or DLC until after early access:https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/6piovx/just_say_no_to_realmoney_keys_keys_and_crates_are/dkpxj7yAre actively preparing to remove features currently in the game and turn them into paid content:https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/6ph5xf/looks_like_free_cosmetics_are_going_byebye/"
,Not Recommended,578080,32618758,Posted: 21 June,all,Kensh1n,"Pro:-Great gameplay-Lots of fun guaranteed for the first 40 hours-Development team is expanding to increase development-Every week & month a patch-Future plans-Free casesCon:-Lag, rubberbanding, network problems, crashing randomly. Even with all the performance patches I don't really see or feel a difference-They're putting the focus too hard on twitch, making people advertise the game more means more income instead of selling the game because of it's great hardware and development support-CheatersVerdict:We have until september before it is exiting alpha stage and in the three months that I own this game I have seen many patch notes, many praises towards the development team. But all I can truely see is a Cash milking cow focusing too hard on Twitch and exclusive items. Also exclusive twitch game modes which makes famous streamers king and us just peasants. They have earned a lot of money and respect from the playerbase and have expanded the team (which is a good thing).They released a video at E3 with a vaulting feature and the zombie game mode.I'm willing to adjust my review when it's coming out as a full game but for people doubting to buy this game now I would say: No, just wait."
,Not Recommended,578080,34200478,Posted: 12 August,all,Bramblepie,Killing a streamer gets you banned for stream sniping.Driving by a streamer and honking your horn will get you banned for harassment.Instead of optimising the game they are focused on adding new cosmetics - and soon to be weapon skins (apparently).Microtransactions were promised to NOT being included before release - guess what we got.The developers are going in the wrong direction with how they're handling the game.
,Recommended,578080,31239772,Posted: 19 April,all,Army ❤,"1) Download game.2) Join a match.3) Sit in the plane while russian kids screams ""allahu akbar"".4) Parachute to the ground only to find all houses made out of clay.5) Wait 10 minutes until houses are normal, and get shot in the head right after.6) Restart.10/10"
76561198018866320,Recommended,578080,30705033,Posted: 24 March,all,rainbow-man,If you want a finished product do not buy this game. it is not optimized in its current state. However you should consider buying it after EA. If you want to support this developer now and want to play it before it is  finished just know IT IS NOT OPTIMIZED IN ITS CURRENT STATE. I am repeating myself purely because people that have purchased the game at this time didn't realize that. The current timeline for optomization is five weeks for those unaware. This game does what it is supposed to. unlike other similar games my bullets go where i want not to the left when i aim east and to the right when i aim west (you know what game im talking about)  and in tems of enjoyement I haven't had this much fun since Witcher 3 it is incedibley enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,578080,33811760,Posted: 26 July,all,Yolobong,They are getting greedy.
,Recommended,578080,30959081,Posted: 5 April,all,«Beany»,One of the best Battleroyale games out there!And I used to hate these types of games :)
,Not Recommended,578080,33805046,Posted: 26 July,all,T.w²│King0fgames ツ,"♥♥♥♥ the devs for sneaking ""micro""transactions into the game while breaking their promise of none before EA is over. On release they've said there will be no more free cosmetics in game, so anyone who buys the game will be running around in their underwear for eternity. Totally fair. They don't need the money to fund a damn tournament for a broken game, they made $100,000,000 already! Why the hell do they need to charge $2.50 for a single piece of clothing (YOU COULD PAY 2.50 FOR SHOES YOU NEVER SEE IN GAME)???This review will change if they reverse their decision, which the goddamn better."
76561198048776305,Not Recommended,578080,31071304,Posted: 10 April,all,Swolldaddy,"Game is fun, but servers are a pos. getting shot through walls and the lag is insane. Get better servers, you guys made 11mil on your release date."
,Recommended,578080,30744947,Posted: 26 March,all,✭✭Kayaba ✭✭,Gun play in this game is kinda like being friendzoned by a cute girl then sexing her 3 hours later
,Recommended,578080,33139227,Posted: 2 July,all,Weaboo Jones,PUBG In a nutshell.1.Prelobby filled with people spamming racial slurs2.Drop down to a house you think no one is near3.Loot the whole place4.Happens to get good loot5.Hear footsteps outside6.Camps in bathroom7.Impatient to wait goes outside8.Go into the other house across9.Open the only door that isnt open10.See person proned in the bathtub with a shotgun11.Gets heartattack and dies10/10 would go back to the er
,Not Recommended,578080,35371641,Posted: 1 October,all,WounDead_Zeus,This lobby simulator has a nice battle royale minigame.If you enjoy refreshing the lobby at least 15 times per match then this is the game for you.10/10 would refresh again
,Not Recommended,578080,33808143,Posted: 26 July,all,Reduxe,Developer went back on their word. Lying scum.
,Not Recommended,578080,33804337,Posted: 26 July,all,Kraft,Breaking your own promise of no microtransactions during early access? What a scummy cash grab move that doesn't reflect good on your intentions with this game and its community.
76561197997376058,Not Recommended,578080,33810455,Posted: 26 July,all,2PumpsMicky,"Great game, ♥♥♥♥ microtransactions"
,Recommended,578080,30860014,Posted: 31 March,all,Fonxy,"Best Battle Royale game out thereOnly a small portion of the good things I wanna point out:weapon customization is really great and simplelots of different approaches and styles to play the game, can't just brainlessly drive around in a car and be invincible like in H1constantly updatedto fix bugs and add in new stuff, first person servers being the latest addition, which makes it feel like a whole new gameWhat needs to be improved/fixed?optimizationdesyncOnly reason people seem to be giving negative reviews is the Gamescom-crate you can open in-game for $2,5"
,Recommended,578080,30813109,Posted: 29 March,all,✪ԳSQ_青™,"Best Battle Royale Game, better than H1Z1"
,Not Recommended,578080,31683983,Posted: 11 May,all,123,"Update Aug 11, 2017 -Still very laggy when it comes to gameplay vs other people. Often times you will ride into a battle and if the textures of the buildings don't load in, you have a clear view of anyone inside of them.  (Has only happened to me a few times, however there are plenty of complaints about this with others) Then you think of this problem and how it happened to you and how many people actually know how to utilize it (exploit it).. this breaks the game for you automatically. The sense of a competitive game goes out the window and you start to question everyones tactics.I'm not suprised by the microtransactions, it doesn't affect me.. I just don't buy it. However it is kind of a low blow to someone who bought into this EA, and has seen very little improvement to the stability of the gameplay, but has full knowledge that this game IS on the all time top seller list of Steam. Meaning it is well funded and should receive the proper attention it lacks.I for one would love to know what charity they plan on donating the proceeds to, and how much the community has accumulated for that charity, for all I know it could be a charity for the developers pocket.In conclusion, I feel as though this game needs more work connection wise to become the beauty that it could be. My review is primarily on the current state of the game. I feel as though the connection and gameplay is still yet unstable to recommend this as a must buy title to friends.(Also I'm ready for Wave 2 of the liberal community to chime in and tell me their offended because I don't recommend their favorite game, and call me a Snowflake.. I get off on that sh*t)"
,Not Recommended,578080,34558098,Posted: 28 August,all,wCu | TAKu,Heavy handed bans and are in the pocket of every Twitch Streamer who wants to complain to them.  Fix your policies.
,Not Recommended,578080,33808339,Posted: 26 July,all,"Hyps,♥","when you make over $100,000,000 and then implement microtransactions"
,Not Recommended,578080,33810443,Posted: 26 July,all,LordNotix [THEA],Going back on their word regarding microtransactions.I was hoping being the maker of 2+ mods would have taught the developers which mistakes NOT to make.
,Recommended,578080,30777194,Posted: 27 March,all,UTOPIA Lawj,"Good game, bad optimization."
,Recommended,578080,30716624,Posted: 24 March,all,empflamesvsflames,"Greatest follow up to H1Z1, can't wait for the next updates for better optimization and further development.Love it so far!"
,Recommended,578080,31285092,Posted: 21 April,all,Vigerzz™,"Battlegrounds has a lot of issues, but that comes in hand with early access.Its very poorly optimised and has obvious flaws in game but a dedicated and passionate dev team makes the future for Battlegounds look bright.With realistic ballistics and arma style combat this game takes some getting used to.Once into the swing of things its a heap of fun however. Everytime you reach the top 10 there seems to be memorable moments on your journey of survival that really give a sense of enjoyment and fun.This game really builds memories and there are lots of good times that you will take away from it after you stop playing.Pros- Time to kill is sensible- Guns seem fairly balanced- Dedicated developement team- Great gameplay mechanics- Blue Hi Top trainers- Tense and fast paced late gameCons- Optimisation is awful for med to low tier pcs, high frames give a significant advantage in gunfights, laggy cities, game looks terrible on less than high settings- Cars are buggy flip very easily- Loot crates very unrewarding- Armor bit overpowered?- Some games can be boring if you don't see many people- Getting out of cars while moving instakills you at anything over 30kms-  Barely anything apart from doors can be shot through- Submachine guns and pistols are fairly outmatched past the first few circles"
,Recommended,578080,30719215,Posted: 24 March,all,Corey,"Australian servers are here!The Good:- Great graphics- Pvp combat is responsive and balanced- Variety of weapons, attatchments, armour and health pickups, vehicles too- Devs that listen to the community feedbackThe Bad:- Typical bugs and glitches you'd expect from an early access game (e.g menu freezing after game)- The target area is a bit annoying, it's hard to focus on killing when you're too busy trying to make it into the target area and not automatically killed within the time limit- Half of the time i recieve reward points they arent even credited to my account. Purchased the first crate for 700 coins and did not even receive my items.Recommendations:- Maybe introduce other modes and/ or smaller areas on the map? E.g Close quarters?All in all, this game has great potential and is off to a great start. I'm excited to see what the devs have in store for us"
,Recommended,578080,32264145,Posted: 8 June,all,Surebi,Running simulator 2017.
76561197992465016,Recommended,578080,32868543,Posted: 27 June,all,-BMG,Most fun you can have under the sun....surrounded by 99 other people also trying to have fun by killing you!
,Not Recommended,578080,33808102,Posted: 26 July,all,Methii,"Original review and complaint by Yorhawex:http://steamcommunity.com/id/yorhawex/recommended/578080/So here it goes, micro-transactions are going to be introduced, which is kind of a bad move at this point. Here's why:1. It's going to be the usual gambling with crates and paid keys (2,50$ each).I'm totally fine with microtransactions when you actually know what you get for your money. Selling a set of costume for 5-10 bucks or so would be completely acceptable. Slot-machines are not.2. It's an Early Access game. It has many problems, fixing those, and then adding more content and game mechanics which has been promised before should be the priority.According to Steamspy, the game sold around 5,350,000 copies so far, that means after the 30% cut of Steam, they made roughly 100 million dollars before taxes. They barely had to spend on any marketing either, so my guess is, that's enough revenue to get this thing actually finished without the need for a few more millions.3. They said they want that money to launch the first PUBG e-sport event during Gamescom.Competitive games tend to have a team composition with selected weapons and roles, the gamemodes or the maps usually even out the chances for both participants, and the outcome of a match comes down on pure skill and/or teamwork.Here, from the very moment of your feet touching the ground, RNG takes a HUGE part in the experience. It affects your loot, it affects your positioning by the placement of the circle.When you can camp inside a 3-level building with an SKS and at least lvl2 armor on you for like 20 minutes, while others have to run kilometers to be inside the playzone, or even better, drive there, so everyone hears you and knows your position before you even realise there are others in the area, than the chances are far from equal.I have no idea how it's going to work without altering the gamemode or the loot system. If they do, than it's not really the same game anymore. If they don't, than it's not competitive gaming, but a little get-together sponsored by the devs.Oh, and of course, the game is unfinished, it has many problems, yadayada. Altough i haven't mentioned many of them, especially from a technical standpoint, they are still there and should be taken care of before holding competitions with prize-pools and such.4. The devs promised there will be no microtransactions until the game is finished.No comment on this.Now it feels like the Early Access warning has been just stamped on the store page, and has no actual meaning anymore, since the game is being treated now as a complete product, or at least that's how it feels like, so be aware."
,Not Recommended,578080,31471736,Posted: 30 April,all,💀 N E C R 0 💀,"Core game is great, they have something really special here. But I'm leaving a negative review for the following reasons;-The amount of lag and desync issues in a competitive game of this nature is UNACCEPTABLE. Fangirls will cry ""EA"" all they want, this feels more like a technical alpha server test version of the game than a playable EA. Prepare to be killed through walls, after taking cover, mid-parachute, or anything else that doesn't actually make sense.-The community is not only toxic, but openly assaults and flames anyone who says anything remotely negative about the game. If you mention lag or desync, they say ""It's EA idiot [expletive expletive]"" and dismiss it without denying it. If you claim you were killed by a hacker, ""It's EA idiot and it wasn't a hacker hackers don't exist herpderp"", just more garbage excuses to cover for their personal feelings being threatened by someone with an opinion/perspective different from their own. Lots of salty scrubs playing this game and defending it.-Devs are on a 2 week vacation, meaning the game is going to stay bad and unplayable for another 2-3 months, at least. Hackers will continue hacking, exploiters will keep doing it, and the game will remain a mess until they release some more major patches.-Grenades are worthless in most situations, and are horribly implemented. They lag through the air at 5 frames per second, bounce randomly off of invisible objects, and frags do INSANE amounts of damage... If you're lucky enough to actually throw one. It takes a full 5 seconds to pull the pin and throw a grenade. The reticle for throwing is also incredibly inaccurate.-Aiming in this game is broken. Example, if you aim down sights, your reticle is placed to the bottom left of where your reticle was when you were in third person. This means that aim itself in this game is fundamentally broken, which you would think would be a priority fix considering this is  a shooter game.-Third person means people can see you, but you can't see them. I like the 3rd person perspective, but I can't help but feel like it actually doesn't belong, it just feels wrong to be able to watch someone run to your location, knowing they have no clue you're there but you're just watching him the whole time. First Person Hardcore servers are coming, but that could take months.-There is no penalty for teamkilling in Duos or Squad. Prepare to deal with that 9/10 times you queue for Duo or Squad.-Steam Discussions mods are now censoring negative criticism about the game, and this is straight up intolerable.So, you should DEFINITELY buy this game if you like;-Looting for 10+ minutes and finding barely anything only to be killed by the guy who looted an AR and a 4x/8x-Driving and then hitting literal pebbles only to be sent flying through the air-Teleporting through doors and trees on the ""best servers money can buy""-Watching someone skillfully kill 5+ people from 3rd person and then ""skillfully"" killing him when his back is turned because he could never see you but you could see him-Wondering why a VSS sniper round drops like a squirt gun after only 20 meters-Being annoyed because every house has 3 pairs of cosmetics and a pistol and wondering if you'll even make it to mid-game-Asking yourself how you got 1-shot from full health while wearing a level 3 vest + helmet from an M16 after you just painted half the map red with the same guy who just killed you-Watching grenades bounce off of thin air back into your face-Thinking about how good all of these laggy, teleporting Chinese players really areOverall, I really hope they fix the game. It has so much potential, but who knows when or if that potential will ever be met. I recommend not buying this game until they fix these core issues which completely ruin gameplay.Edit: Remember when DayZ came out, and it was a total mess and people would throw temper tantrums whenever someone criticized the game because it was ""Just EA"" and that's the excuse of the century for unfinished half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥products? I wonder where those idiots went... Oh right, they came to PUBG. Keep these salty comments coming, you're only making yourself upset."
76561198091554192,Recommended,578080,32861386,Posted: 27 June,all,Teardrops,"There are some cons you might wanna know about the game before you buy it:Fps drops, Server lags, Glitchy car driving system. When they throw a flash(stun) grenade your fps drops to 1 even if you don't get flashed by it.They keep improving the game day by day. These are temporary cons. I still recommend the game. Always enjoyable."
,Recommended,578080,33391638,Posted: 8 July,all,SaYyIV,"+Fun+Great map-----------------LAG ""We need more servers""-FPS drop-Spectator view need to be improved"
,Not Recommended,578080,34783545,Posted: 6 September,all,Mashed,Devs add horn. Player uses horn. Player gets banned.
,Not Recommended,578080,35098036,Posted: 20 September,all,Rcraft,"Meh.  It's fun sometimes, but overall playing on 10 tick servers gets aggrivating after a while.  I don't know why I keep coming back to it - probably going to stop until it stops feeling like playing in molasses.  But probably not, if we're being real."
,Not Recommended,578080,33182502,Posted: 3 July,all,iamnotreal,"The game is fun. It's even more fun if you play with friends. I predict a bright future for it if it continues to be worked on and proceeds to an actually playable experience.Although, I can't honestly give it a thumbs up, not yet at least. I know it's in Early Access and all that jazz, but the price is too high for an EA game with multiple issues all across the board.The game is buggy and unoptimized, would crash a lot, greedily use up any ram it can find and refuse to free it up after closing, forcing me to restart my pc each time.The game would crash each time on load until I took down GPU and CPU overclocks. Then it would crash 3-5 minutes into each match until I moved it to SSD. And even now it would crash from time to time. With a lack of reconnect option it always means waiting for your buddies to finish each time it happens.It uses 100% gpu (even IN THE LOBBY), but then still drops frames, stutters and lags a lot, no matter the settings. I have frequent drops below 30fps in 1440p on a fairly decent rig (i7-4790K+gtx1080+32GB DDR3), but from what I've gathered the performance is pretty much identical on my way less powerful htpc (i5-4460+gtx970+8GB DDR3). Once a popup came up saying the game sensed network issues causing lag, even if I have a really stable 100/100mbps connection that never gave me any trouble before. My bet is it'd because me and my brother were playing over the same lan connection and a single instance of the game uses enough of the bandwidth to smother the performance all across the network (so I wouldn't organize any lan parties with PUBG if I were you).I'll revisit this review later on if the issues are fixed, as I'm definitely not yet done with the game."
,Recommended,578080,30815563,Posted: 29 March,all,Findlay,"pros:-imo more fun than H1-you can jump out of the plane when you want, its not random like H1-shooting and gunplay feels better and is more enjoyable than H1-Dev team working very hard to improve servers and work on optimization.-crates are purchased with in game money and thats it.-you can buy clothing on the marketplace.cons:-wonky servers (sometimes)-optimization is poor for lots of people so if you dont have the best rig its probably worth to wait till they push out an optimization patch.-Camping can sometimes be a problem but from what ive seen its not that big of an issue.I didnt really enjoy H1 so i was skeptical when i bought this but i was wrong for being skeptical. Pubg is so much more fun than H1. I cant stop playing it. I encourage people to try it because everything about it feels better than most battle royale games. Optimization is probably the biggest issue. I got lucky im currently running it on ultra (1070, i7 4820k) with the biggest problem being the cities. Also it doesnt really matter what setting im on i still get bad fps in the cities. Thats not really a big problem though cause you can get looted very easily and not enter a city once."
,Not Recommended,578080,32159274,Posted: 3 June,all,DAY6KILOGRAM,"The gameplay is good, but the optimization sucks real bad. Stuttering as fu*ck when I can smoothly run GTAV or BF1 with my rig. When I get off of my parachute, the houses look like sh!t and I can't enter to loot it since it is slowly rendered. Sorry PLAYERUNKNOWN, I'd recommend this game but not now. Please optimize ASAP! Don't make another permanent EARLY ACCESS game."
,Recommended,578080,33403016,Posted: 9 July,all,beeeeri,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░H1Z1░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░
,Not Recommended,578080,33864552,Posted: 28 July,all,ORGANizer,"Hey guys, turns out you can ban any player you want with no consequences quite easily! Want to know how? Just follow these easy steps!Step 1. Stream your game to Twitch, try to get almost no delay on your streamStep 2. Die to anyone in game, doesn't matter if you were out in the open firing gunshots or running in an open field.Step 3. Immediately accuse the person of stream sniping you, and once your lackeys start mass reporting them, they'll soon be banned, with almost no effort on your part!(Seriously though, stream sniping isn't real, dying quick is easy)"
76561198007336309,Not Recommended,578080,35129041,Posted: 22 September,all,ShadesOfPlay,"Just wanted to leave a bad review after hearing that the devs of this game are thinking about ""futher action"" against Fortnite since they have also released a Battle Royale game. PUBG was not the first to the battle royale scene, but now they want to take action against another company for releasing a Battle Royale game? PATHETIC! Odd when PUBG feels a lot more like H1Z1 than Fortnite feels like PUBG.The PUBG community has and continues to provide evidence of the many similarities as we contemplate further action,” said Han Kim."
,Recommended,578080,33552461,Posted: 14 July,all,Pubgee {GAME REVIEWER},"Genre and Brief Description of the GamePLAYERUNKNOWN’S BATTLEGROUNDS (PUBG) is a massively multiplayer, battle royale game mode and a TPS made by a company called Bluehole Inc. The founder of the game and gamemode is called PlayerUnknown. He originally made and helped make the battle royale genre in Arma 3 (An original mod) and H1Z1 King of the Kill. This game is also the first game in the last 2 - 4 years to beat Team Fortress 2 and reach the third highest peak in player counts. PUBG is by far the most popular early access game on Steam.What Is this game?PUBG’s main objective is to be the last man standing. You start off in a plane, flying in a certain direction above the island. You are forced to jump out of the plane and parachute to any building or area of your own choice. You must scavenge weapons, armor and medical supplies. These are all randomly generated and spawned in every house. From semi-automatic rifles to powerful pistols. There are weapons for everyone as well as melee weapons.Cars are also randomly spawned in so you can drive to locations quicker as well as run over people running in the battlefield. Motorcycles, Buggies and Jeeps including some with cover. Each vehicle can protect you from gun fire. Motorcycles may be exposing but fast. Jeeps may be exposing but big to run over people. The covers on them protect you from exposing skin and protects you from gunfire as well as being big to run over others.This game is impossible to bait and camp people for over 5 minutes at a time. Every 5 minutes, a circle closes in and you must enter the white circle (the play area).  Cars can be useful because if you’re over 3km from the next circle and the blue circle is moving, you can quickly travel by car / motorbike to the next circle. This keeps the action constantly going. The circle can get as small as 1 small shack or building.Performance And Is it worth on EA?Do not rely on the constant negative reviews of performance. The game runs perfectly fine as long as you have a capable computer. As this game is not fully optimised, unless you have a beast computer, keep the settings to Very Low or low. As long as the game runs fine and no gameplay problems, it’ll be fine. I cannot run it perfectly as i encounter something called potato houses (houses deformed for up to 2 minutes). As long as i prone for 20 seconds, the houses will be fine for the rest of the match and the game is completely playable. Here is more detailed information.If you have a intermediate PC with AMD graphics card or Intel 3.7GHz processor, it’s not worth buying until the game has either A) Been fully optimised or B) Out of EA. I have goodish specs and can run this game just about 20fps (when the game starts) and eventually goes to 70 - 80fps after 2 minutes. This is on very low settings. I do have a glitch at the start which 1 in 5 runs it happens but doesn’t last for long. The game mainly runs well with Nvidia and sometimes a GTX titan. If you have a beast computer, buy it during EA and have fun. If you don’t, just do not buy it at any cost.  If you have above this specifications, then it’s recommended you get this game:GAMING PC1080p / 1900x1080 / - HD MonitorAMD Radeon R7 250 series - GraphicsIntel i3-2700 3.7GHz - Processor8GB RAM - RAM1TB - Hard Drive storageThe best these specifications can run this game is very low on every setting and a screen sale of 98. The game is still playable and beautiful, just how it was intended to be. Do not buy if you have under the specifications of my computer (unless it’s a tiny difference) and do not and DO NOT buy this game if you have a laptop of some sort or a very cheap PC. It will literally blow up your GPU / CPU.StrategiesDon’t be fooled by the popularity and the likeliness of a Call of Duty copy. This game is all about strategies. You don't just run inside a building 5 minutes into a game because it is most likely that someone is camping inside waiting for your visit. You’ll most likely get shot. The best tactic to clear a house out without being noticed or without being camp shot is to: First, listen for footsteps. If you cannot hear any footsteps, it’s most likely clear but not completely as they could be sitting in one spot. Second, if you have one, throw a frag grenade in through a window and let it go off. If you can hear any footsteps as the grenade goes in, this means that the place isn’t as clear as it may seem. Next, hold down right click to get an over the view, tactical camera. This makes you go slow and more stealthy. Also crouch walk so you cannot get headshot first thing. As soon as you go inside, swing the gun camera around everywhere like you are searching a drug cartel in real life. If you’re in a team, shout in the comms ‘CLEAR!’. This would show that the whole area is clear. If there’s an upstairs, it’s recommended to throw a frag and a flash bang so that you can surprise them. If no one dies or suffers damage, it is a clear attic.Note: Never run into a building unless it’s as soon as you spawn. It could save your life.Comparison to Arma 3 Battle RoyaleThis game and battle royale has many differences. The main things that have changed is that you can get buggies, motorcycles, air drops and the best thing, you can jump. In Arma 3, no jump mechanics were put in place so you could not jump over a wall and dodge shots. The best amazing thing is the simple Third-person toggle button and view. It is a wide view and you can look over walls easily. You can also strafe and be able to see all views in the distance and get easy kills.The only negative thing about Battle royale compared to PUBG is that there are very big teams and it is hard to find your friends while on the other hand, on PUBG, you can find your friends easily and there is no massive teams of like 40 people. Maximum of 4 people in PUBG and minimum of 1-2 players. In conclusion, PUBG is more fun than Arma 3 PUBR.Comparison to H1Z1 King of the KillThis game and H1Z1 have the most big and amazing differences. The main things are that the game is more buggy and you can kill people through walls while in PUBG, that is stopped by fully tested and sufficient working physics. There is not really much difference except for the player count and bugs. In my opinion, in conclusion, PUBG is worth more than H1Z1 and has more possibilities at becoming a successful game after Early Access release.Best gameplay videos for you to watch to decide if you want to buy it.StoneMountain64JackFragsJackSepticEyeStoneMountain64 is a man who plays PUBG and other shooters. He is popular for his strategies and radio comm talks with other teammates such as revealing an exact position for an enemy such as saying ‘Enemy contact, 245 Near Northwest behind cover at the rock at 400m.’ Stone Mountain does 3 - 4 streams on facebook every week and does 1 saturday morning PUBG stream once a week on Youtube. He had over 1.5 million subscribers. JackFrags is the same as Stonemountain64. He does duos with stone every now and then and is popular for doing good teamwork with Stone. He had over 300,000 subscribers. Jacksepticeye is a gamer who plays multiple games such as telltale games, Mario Kart, Overwatch and PUBG. He uploads everyday and has over 16 million subscribers.Now it is time for the pros and cons of the game+ Not many bugs+ Good gameplay+ Action Packed Fun+ Adrenaline feeling+ Amazing with friends+ Many guns to keep on going+ Beautiful graphics+ Not long waiting queue for online matches- Some performance and loading issues but not many- Teamkillers and lone wolf duos often happen a lot.- Potato housesOverall 10/10"
,Not Recommended,578080,33808107,Posted: 26 July,all,Luke,From saying they wont add microtransactions until full release to saying they're adding the crates to 'fund tournaments' eventhough they made well over $100mil....
,Recommended,578080,30774062,Posted: 27 March,all,toM,"I've never wrote a review, because mostly I'm lazy. So that says something to start with. Having never played a game like this, all I can say is amazing. Yes there are a few hiccups, but that's expected from an EA game. Give it a few weeks / months to iron out some of the ""bigger"" issues (buggy parachute landing as an example, lag in the first 20 secs as everything spawns in), and its going to get even better. As long as the dev's dont go off the road with stupid ideas, or implements into the game and keep its CORE values it's only going to get better. They are really listening to the community and are already constantly publishing updates to stabalise and optimise their servers. Over time this will only improve. They have already stated they want to introduce vaulting which will make the experience far more fluid.Personally if you are in the middle of the road to buy this game like I was, bite the bullet. You won't be disappointed (but I do have a few friends to play with which to me really enhances the game even more, with tactics and so on.) Took a few games to get the ""hang"" of it, but with little ""thinking"" you can get to the final 20 in solo a lot of the time. Play smart, you do not need to be fully equipped to take people out. Watch people, study their movements and so on, you will be surprised what you can learn and do!Otherwise just follow on reddit or twitter to see for content updates. Again, personally as long as devs dont go ""over the top"" in the future and keep focused on the current play style. For me its a very high 8/10. Once the few bumps in the road are ironed out, I would easily award a 10/10."
,Not Recommended,578080,33808389,Posted: 26 July,all,⠗⠥⠌⠕⠇⠑⠥⠍,"I had hope.. yet another EA cash-grabbing game. Promised no micro transactions until release. Next update has keys for a crate and once the game has a full release there won't be anymore free crate openings. Every crate will cost $2.50 to open. They've already made over $100,000,000 on base game sales alone.. ♥♥♥♥ off."
,Not Recommended,578080,35116429,Posted: 21 September,all,Bob_the_Kerbalnaut,"While I won't sit here and say that this game is flawless, it gets a few things right:- Fun, quick, and entertaining gameplay that leaves you coming back for more- Addicting sense of victory when you kill anyone with little more than a fraction of your own health left.- The ability to get 3 of your friends to form the equivilent of a hunting party to slaughter ALL OF YOUR FOES BEFORE YOU- atm, good cue times.However:- Personally, I feel that the rings close in and don't let you explore as much in fear of being killed by being AoB- *The shotguns tend to feel underwhelming at times, (although, that might just be my poor shooting)*- Streaming and stream-snipers RUINED the community and made the devs act out in quite unorthadox manors- Some lag and performance issues, (although, I am on a gaming laptop as my desktop is currently FUBAR and being repaired)- Sometimes, the servers decide to reset my selection of what server I want to play on, (a small but sometimes irritating bug that leads me to laggy AS server games from here in America).Overall:Devs, seriously, just ask the community here on steam to help you code some things and some might do it FOR FREE. Don't drop the ball like so many other big corps just looking for a cheap buck and poor customer satisfaction.Also, could you maybe tie the ring closure rates to the direct amount of people still left, (so, when there's still about 40 people, its not gonna close in to the final stage unless no one fights for a certain amount of time? Maybe?)Finally, wait for this thing to either get some things fixed or go on sale before purchasing it. It's a good game, but dont buy it until then.*EDIT: So, I managed to get a little bit better and have to retract my prior statement about the SG's in the game. Turns out, actually aimnig with them is a mistake and you should just third person fight someone with one.*"
,Not Recommended,578080,33807876,Posted: 26 July,all,👯,"game devs have gone mad due to success - classic early access bait- dont believe me? read discord, reddit, whatevergoing back on all their promises- microtransactions in early access which they promised there wouldnt be- timeline of updates not being metmain dev mocking players, distancing and not understanding communityinsane rule system not mentioned anywhere ingame -be warned if you buy this there are hidden rules they can ban you for at any timee.g. if a team mate tries to teamkill you and you shoot back you will be permanently bannedthey recommend disabling default settings if you dont want to get banned for various interactions in the game that are enabled by default.i enjoy this game + played h1z1 and never really cared about the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t - i wont buy skins even if theyre 0.01 and ill only play with friends anyway but there are people out there who will be punished unfairly.this game took the spotlight off h1z1 for its failures and now its repeating the same mistakes. it seems its more an issue with playerunknown's mindset (protip: he also made the battle royale mode for h1z1 :))"
,Recommended,578080,30932166,Posted: 3 April,all,lemons,This game trashes on H1Z1 man. Enjoying this way more than that. Hell yeah pick it up.
,Not Recommended,578080,34392938,Posted: 21 August,all,Heartless👑,Honk near a streamer? BanShoot a streamer? BanCrash in a gunfight? BanDo ♥♥♥♥ing anything besides swinging your pan around? BAN CUNNY
,Recommended,578080,32762406,Posted: 25 June,all,HazeZer0ed,"Game has a lot of BS moments but overall its addicting and really fun, especially with friends.8/10"
,Not Recommended,578080,32294007,Posted: 9 June,all,Urby,Its addictive at the start but all the flaws start to show the longer you play.- Client side hitreg- High ping advantage- Glitchy as hell physics-Horrible game hosting (virtual?) serversThough honestly the big killer is how much of the game is run on client side. If they redid the game properly then I'd give it 10/10 but in it's current state I really would rather just refund it.
,Not Recommended,578080,30978250,Posted: 6 April,all,Boswellox,"From what I played it seemed great, but I had problems running it. Unless you have a really high-end PC with a great processor, you're going to run into problems. I had to play on low/medium settings (the only game I've ever had to) and I was getting ~10fps.It seems a real shame, because from what I could play, it was a good game. I just don't think it's ready in it's current state and perhaps needs optimising.I received a refund for this game, but I will re-purchase it one day if my PC can handle it in a later build.Don't be put off though, if your PC is powerful then buy it, you'll enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,578080,33808120,Posted: 26 July,all,Treyzony,breaking promise.
,Not Recommended,578080,33808938,Posted: 26 July,all,tuubA,"+Great game, good gameplay+Balanced multiplayer+Great fun solo or with team-Physics need tweaking a lot-Bad servers sometimes-Bluehole PR department could be more proffessional! Calling out @battleroyalemod-Bad moderators on forums and deciding game bans. Multiple proofs on reddit.-Future cosmetics must be bought after Bluehole stated they will be free to everyoneWould be better game if developer would step their game up..."
,Not Recommended,578080,33802264,Posted: 25 July,all,Mehdouze,"I used to trust the devs.But1) they announced micro transactions while in the FAQ they promised there will be no micro transactions during early access.2) they're saying their main focus is the optimisation of the game, but they spend money and time creating skins and cosmetics.So, I now believe that mid-end computer guys like me will never be able to truly enjoy the game ever. and that the development of the game is going downhill.It could have been good, but it will only be another story like DayZ, infestation WarZ and H1Z1.Farewell !"
,Recommended,578080,33098391,Posted: 1 July,all,GhostMaw,"sorry for my english>be me>7th solo game>start the match with bug (buildings dont want to load)>after camping 2 mins the building load>enter the building>close the door behind me>find machete>hear the main door>hide in a corner>see guy with m16 next to my corner>jump on him and kill him with my machete>loot him and run a away>notice that the white zone is on the other side of the map>run as fast as i can>blue zone nearly behind me>see a car in the town park between two buildings>steal the car>instantly someone is shooting me>nearly dies>drive to the border of the white zone>see shed>find medkit>heal>drive some more>in my mind ( i need to find armor and helmet)>drive to hangar>slowing down>see guy in fron of me>jump out of the car>nearly die>kill the guy>loot him>sweet, he had armor helmet ammo and  9 energy drinks>drink energy drink>drive more see a airdrop in front of me near a cliff>drive there with a car>instantly get shoot by others>finds a Karabiner 98 Kurz + Ghillie Suit (didnt know there was camo in this game)>crawl to the cliff>fell down>swim in the water>look behind me>see the guy who was shooting me on the cliff>decide to kill him>shoot him once with kurz>he jumps down>shoot him second time>he doesnt where are the shoots are coming from>third shoot kills him>swim more notice big battle on bridge>swim to the shore>shoot one guy>he is still alive>in my mind (dont make noise)>swim under the bridge>last 10 are remaining>in my mind (holy♥♥♥♥♥♥in have never been so far in this game)>my heart is like 150BPS>swim near a boat use it as a cover>notice a drop going near a shore>see guy running near the drop>instantly killed>decide to jump in the boat a drive to the drop>next to the drop>hear big fight>loot the drop>find a M24>loot the guy who died near the drop>loot his medkit, level 3 helmet, level 3 armor,2grenades and his akm with 4xscope>prone go near a rock with a bush>see guy running towards a tree close to me shoot him 2 time>he is still alive>he is hiding behind the tree>throw a  grenade>hit the rock and bounces next to me>throw the second one>hit the tree>he has me pin down>some dude start shooting him>crawl away>hide in bush>see a guy in front of me>kill him with akm>last 3 people>blue zone force me to movenear  the rock a run away from>nearly dies in the blue zone>last 2 people> my heart is like 10000 BPS>notice that the last guy is the guy i wanted to kill but failed>heal>the guy is running towards the rock>still healing>finished healing and the guy is shooting me>takes akm>fire akm at him with full auto>only his head is showing>miss nearly every shot>somehow i won>can not belive it>in shock>need a new heartthis is the best game ever.this game is worth the 30€."
,Not Recommended,578080,33824300,Posted: 26 July,all,LilCasper,Don't break community promises.
,Not Recommended,578080,33808042,Posted: 26 July,all,OnlyRedfire,Cash grab skin system incoming
,Not Recommended,578080,33811702,Posted: 26 July,all,Varanae,Another Early Access game that started promising but ends up with the devs going back on their word. This time in regards to microtransactions.What's to say they won't lie about other more important stuff? I can't recommend the game without knowing the answer to that.
,Not Recommended,578080,35253264,Posted: 27 September,all,Popcorn,"The developers got so lucky to sell so little for so much so many times.  This piece of software runs horrible, it sounds horrible, and it feels horrible.  It suffers from ArmAitis, in that after you've seen three structures you've seen them all.  Considering that most of the gameplay involves structures, it's going to feel like the same thing every single run.  This game has two purposes.  One is that it panders to streamers exclusively.  Without this software, streamers wouldn't be able to eat.  It's like a bitcoin mining rig but for Twitch.  The other goal of the game is to take dollars and reunite your friendships.  Precisely like any and every other video game, it's better with friends.  You'll go on grand adventures spending 40 minutes driving around and 2 minutes shooting up the bad guys, making great journey memories like talking about how poorly the game runs or talking about other video games you should play next.  After those two reasons to exist, this piece of software is pretty bad.Are there reasons people would want to buy it?  Of course.  Marketing.  Are there reasons people would enjoy the four seconds of adrenaline you get when you hear the ear piercing THK noise of being shot from a bush?  Of course.  Boredom.  Was the sales count justified?  Hell no.  This game for this price in this market with that Early Access tag should have been a quick flash burn of excitement followed by some gruelling years of the developers really putting in effort to earn their keep.  Instead, that flash burn of excitement led to the most stable high volume high value digital trade marketplace this side of the NYSE.  Now the developers can earn their crispy millions the easy way, and everyone who has a stake in those four seconds of adrenaline feeds that behavior into a beast.For those of you poorboys out there who can only afford something like this once a year and jumped on it: bless your heart.  Weather out the storm."
,Recommended,578080,31208407,Posted: 17 April,all,Methed,this game sh.i.ts on h1z1.
,Not Recommended,578080,33860205,Posted: 28 July,all,Stannis the Mannis,"The current PR team/manager is an absolute joke, people getting banned forallegedstreamsniping, without there being any proof of them doing it. Players are getting banned and censored on the official devs discord channel. This right now is a complete ♥♥♥♥♥how nobody should support. If I could, I'd give the game back immediately right now."
76561198156744870,Not Recommended,578080,33811707,Posted: 26 July,all,Godamntwitch,You guys need to change your policies. A game that is selling millions of copies shouldn't have to shrill out to money only cosmetics.
76561198241237666,Not Recommended,578080,33864072,Posted: 28 July,all,Resort Kill,"The game is fun, but the devs are♥♥♥♥♥♥ They don't care about the community and will enforce a zero tolerance policy when it comes to the rules of this game. A random in your squad TK's your 2 friends and tries killing you? You get banned for killing him in retaliation. Kill a player that's out in the middle of an open field after he shoots his gun? Get banned because that player was a big streamer and he cried 'stream-sniping' for dying. Try to appeal your case to the devs? Get told that you shouldn't have done what you did and then get banned from their discord chat so that you remain silenced. The devs are a ♥♥♥♥ing joke."
,Not Recommended,578080,33811751,Posted: 26 July,all,Miliverse,"I thought this would be the game that breaks the mould. The Early Access game that doesn't try and grub more money after you've already invested a decent amount into it. I was wrong apparently, as PlayerUnknown and Bluehole have shown utter disdain for their audience and playerbase by adding an identical system to the CS:GO cash grab system known as Case Openings."
,Not Recommended,578080,33858968,Posted: 28 July,all,Holpites,"""We’re not doing monetization during early access” - PlayerUnknown, Lead developer of PUBG"
,Not Recommended,578080,34509729,Posted: 26 August,all,mrd.jetzal,"what one guy said perfectly""This game is incredibly enjoyable, exciting and gets my adrenaline rushing like nothing I've ever played....BUT, until the devs stop banning people because streamers say they were ""harassed"", I'm giving it a thumbs down.Devs, honking a horn is NOT harassment. Explain to me how that effects someones stream or is harassment? Kill the person if they're doing that, and if they're in your squad, don't play with that person again (DUH). Also, when you're constantly being thrown into random servers, the odds of actually ""stream sniping"" someone is virtually impossible. This isn't like other games where you can find the server name and follow the streamer into it. Who the hell made this decision?Also, the broken promise regarding microtransactions. That is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shady. That's bad enough, but when there are so many glaring areas that need work, ignoring all of that to add a feature you said you wouldn't add until release is a straight kick in the nuts to your supporters.Devs, don't forget: We made you successful, and we can undo that by choosing not to buy anymore games from someone who isn't trustworthy, and thinks prioritizing streaming to the point of BANNING legitimate players who may not even be aware the other person is streaming is INSANITY. Whoever made this decision needs to be FIRED.You guys have created a PR nightmare for yourself and until you make it right it's only going to get worse. It's like you started out with a row boat and now you're flying around in a Yacht. Except now you decided to blow a hole in the bottom of the yacht, allowing it to take on water (which will inevitably sink it), but you choose to pretend the hole isn't there and that you didn't make it. GET BACK TO REALITY.Actual hacks deserve a ban, not because someone did something that some sniveling streamer didn't like."""""
,Not Recommended,578080,34505568,Posted: 26 August,all,Seb,Honking at streamers=Ban
,Not Recommended,578080,34012425,Posted: 4 August,all,SPAAAARTAAAA!!!!,"Quite fun, but with thoose total lags and fps drops its almost unplayable. What devs doing about it? Introdusing crates&keys. P-R-I-O-R-I-T-I-E-S. 08/2017"
76561198011965365,Recommended,578080,30716399,Posted: 24 March,all,Saint Aaron,"For a game that was only in productions for 12 months, this is really GOOD!!!  You start off in a plane, and you can choose at anytime in the plane, when you want to eject. This lets the player choose, where he/she wants to start depending on the route, the plane takes. This game is way much better than H1Z1! This is the game to get if you enjoy battle royale games!ProsDriveable cars and boatsControls are easy to rememberCan play solo, teams of 2 or teams of 4Sounds, animations, and Graphics are WELL DONEWeapons have attachmentsAvoid death by people, artillery strikes, andConsRandom lag on inventory system (Not sure if its the game or my pc)"
,Not Recommended,578080,34782706,Posted: 6 September,all,Tristan,"Once they stop banning people for sniping I will vote up, its the streamers fault if they want to broadcast their exact position."
76561198367456588,Recommended,578080,33781071,Posted: 25 July,all,怀丶宸,"一堆人以本游戏在2017年夏促期间没打折为理由给了这个游戏差评。。。。。。。喵了个咪的！这TM是我2017年见过的最傻逼的不推荐理由！不能忍，不能忍，我要发言，我要开喷！你可以抱怨游戏不打折，这是你言论自由的权利，但是我觉得如果仅仅因为不打折就给差评，可能会埋没了一款好游戏！拜托！！！这是评测区留言啊！！！不是百度贴吧！！！评测是要说自己的游戏体验的，而不是来这灌水唠嗑的！！！麻烦你们黑这游戏前多少也做点功课好不好？！你们这么任性而粗暴的评测，既没有营养也容易误导萌新的ok？大部分人看评测不是看你灌水抖机灵的，而是真心希望知道这款游戏是不是适合自己的。希望以后这种脑残评测少一些，多一些理智和客观的分析。游戏优点有啥、缺点有啥，一条条一款款的列出来，大家心里自有定论。没办法，本来不想评论的，但是不吐不快，多说两句。截止2017年7月，游戏刚发布3个多月，还处于抢先体验阶段，但是截至7月21日，已经连续17周蝉联steam全球销量周榜第一名，这是steam游戏的新纪录，绝地和H1Z1都属于同类型的大逃杀游戏，绝地比H1Z1贵，优化差，出来的时间短，却比H1Z1卖的好，玩家人数多，人气高，这正好说明了前者的质量是经受住考验的！！！但是因为处于抢先体验阶段，游戏仍需要耗费大量的精力、人力、财力进行完善，大部分玩家因为对这个游戏有着更好的期望和更好的游戏体验所以愿意为它买单。目前这游戏这么火，说明了大家对这个游戏的认可和喜爱，对这种认真做游戏的厂家，对这种愿意同玩家互动、听取玩家意见不断改进的厂家，对这种努力进行游戏优化的厂家，不打折也很合理啊。另外，我知道厂家都是逐利的，游戏这么火爆，“有钱不赚王八蛋”，但是从某种意义上说，维持原价是不是也有增加作弊成本的效果呢？另外这个游戏本体价是98元，我想问问那些嚷嚷着不打折就给差评的，你们觉得这游戏多少钱合适？69？49？29？19？9块？免费怎么样？如果你们连98元都觉得贵的话，那我建议你们还是别玩游戏了，想办法去赚钱吧。国内的有一部分玩家被国内网页游戏和腾讯游戏的“免费”游戏强暴惯了，都快得斯德哥尔摩综合症了，98元买断的游戏他各种BB，买688元一把的火麒麟，30元一个月的QQ会员一充充半年却一点怨言都没有。你们没见玩个穿越火线连个防弹衣都要另外花人民币去买。打着免费的旗号，却设置影响游戏公平的内购装备或者道具，这种游戏才是TMD最贵的！！！我觉得，游戏的精髓就是要公平竞技，这样大家才能享受到公平竞争的乐趣，但是在国内却变成了想变强？充钱啊！多少国内玩家因为充不起钱或者钱充的不够而被各种氪金大佬按在地上摩擦！这种不把普通玩家当人看或者把玩家分个三六九等的游戏厂商或者运营商（是的我就是说的T公司）你们难道不愤怒吗？我记得有个网页游戏运营商就曾经说过：“免费玩家或者坚持不氪金玩家其实也是我们游戏内容的一部分，相当于游戏里的NPC吧，就是让那些付费玩家寻求碾压、爆草的乐趣和成就感”，话糙理不糙，希望大家不要因为被国内网游迫害压榨惯了，就忘记了反抗！！好了，我情绪发泄完了，平复下心情，言归正传说下这游戏的优缺点。游戏毕竟抢先体验阶段，有以下几点需要准备入手的玩家注意：①目前最大的问题就是游戏优化问题。游戏在2017年6月底有一次较大更新，游戏优化明显改善，游戏帧数有较大提升，但是还是会有许多中档配置电脑在运行过程中出现卡顿、模型加载缓慢、帧数较低、自动退出报错等问题，这点只能和开发商多沟通，尽量完善，再给他们一些时间吧。建议配置不够的玩家可以开最低画质，我就是经常开最低或者低画质，其实我觉得习惯以后，对游戏胜负影响并不是特别大，具体原因，我在下面说明。②游戏外挂问题。所有的联网射击类游戏其实都会面临这个令人头痛的问题，比如战地1，H1Z1，包括已经面世了近20年的反恐精英系列。但是官方也在努力改进，最近3个月总计封禁了25000个游戏账号，反外挂的态度和决心是有了，现在就是技术上如何实现了。当前的BattleEye反作弊系统虽然不尽完善，但是也是目前除了VAC以外最好的解决办法了（顺便一提，彩虹六号：围攻目前也是用的BE反作弊系统，效果不错），请大家理解。另外也请从自身做起，和自己的小伙伴们一起共建公平和谐的游戏环境，千万不能“以暴制暴”，否则就是“五十步笑百步”了。③China No,1 问题。对于这个问题，在这个游戏里面相比H1Z1已经好了许多，我也不想过多评论，只有一句话：一切在游戏里找寻自我存在感的人、一切打着爱国的幌子却发表着有辱国家形象的言论或做出不当行为的人、一切试图通过打压、污蔑甚者侮辱别人的方式以取得精神上的愉悦的人，都是现实中的loser。虽然是中文评测，但这句话面对外国人时也适用。希望大家多享受游戏自身的乐趣，少些无谓的引战。④这个游戏的玩法和别的大逃杀类游戏不同，枪法和游戏画质其实并不是决定吃鸡的最关键因素。该怂就要怂，怂出一片天，玩久了你就会发现这个游戏老阴逼一大堆（尤其是亚服），各种阴人手法能让你气出血，当然有时候运气也是一大关键因素（比如安全区的随机刷新位置离你是远还是近等等），但是有时候想想，100人中只有一个人可以吃鸡，其他99人注定都是快递员，所以抱着娱乐放松的心情去玩，也许乐趣会更大些，至于一直杀不了人吃不了鸡啥的也就别太在意了。实在气不过，就去KFC打包2个鸡腿汉堡，去麦当劳订个上校鸡块外加可乐加冰，生活还不是美滋滋！⑤加速器问题。建议还是挂加速器吧，如果你选择裸连，网络延迟可是非常影响游戏体验。各个区域可能不太一样，估计广东沿海地区可能好一点。我属于华北地区，一直用的网易UU，价格相对比较便宜，一个月29元，总体来说比较稳定吧。希望在国内玩家增加到一定数量级别之后，游戏官方能在中国大陆增设一批服务器（小道消息：有国内公司要代理这游戏？），就像我说的，游戏厂家都是逐利的，只要咱们国内的玩家群体够多，呼声够强烈，我相信就像steam游戏中文汉化一样，一定会引起官方重视，有所改善的。⑥中文界面下游戏飙绿血问题。当你对枪械配件以及装备熟悉了之后（大概50个小时？），可以在游戏设置里更改为除中文外的其他语言（比如英文或者日文），这样游戏里就可以看见红血了。⑦强烈建议拉上好基友2人或者4人开黑，你会发现，乐趣更多！！！！⑧游戏是有自定义模式的（其实就是私人搭建的服务器），你在这些服务器里可以发现许多有趣的模式和设定（包括僵尸模式），顺便也可以在这些服务器里练练枪法哟。但是需要说明的是在这些私服里进行游戏不会记录你的成绩和排名，也不会奖励金钱哟。最后，祝游戏愉快！咱们游戏里见！"
76561198047469623,Not Recommended,578080,35220210,Posted: 26 September,all,pythons123,"Decent game, good core mechanics, but too many problems that dev team has ignored/been to slow to fix to recommend. I would advise waiting for one of the AAA studios to release a polished battle royale instead of playing this. The issues as follows in order of most critical to least:1. CSHR or client side hit regThis means that aggressive players with bad ping to the server have a huge advantage. Fine for a casual shooter but not for a hardcore battle royale. The implementation of this in PUBG is extremely poor and very well documented to be a huge issue. There are no ping caps for region selection which means someone like me in australia can go and play on asia / na / europe with almost a half second of advantage over people there, and vice versa. Half a second's advantage, needless to say, is an insanely long time considering the time to kill on guns in pubg is in milliseconds. Absolutely inexcusable for a competitive shooter.Short term solution: lock the regionsLong term solution: probably isn't one, at best I predict they will adjust how the CSHR works but why would they embark on such a challenge? look at the sales numbers, and it's possible PUBG won't stick around and develop a long lasting competitive scene and remain mostly a casual shooter, masquerading as something more.2. Desync / general combat issuesTeleporting players, bullets disappearing, getting shot behind walls etcetera. Early game is unplayable, mid game a bit better. For a shooter game, the hitreg and bullet reliability is bafflingly poor. Could be engine related, could be server related. Devs are completely silent on this issue which likely means game will be as is on launch. Countless game breaking combat bugs such as bullets ignoring armour, perfectly aimed shotgun blasts going through players, imagine the most frustrating combat outcomes and this game will deliver it to you in short time.3. FPP / TPP game mode rolloutVery poorly handled by the devs. Hardcore players want FPP, casuals want TPP. FPP switch still hasn't been turned on for all regions which means that by the dev's own admission, huge percentages of players are playing on other servers so they can play FPP (hello problem number 1 I mentioned earlier which they don't seem to care about).4. Vehicle mechanics and player mechanicsPlay meticulously for 20 minutes, but then you hit a tiny speck of dust on a road and suddenly your vehicle explodes, killing you, or corkscrews 360 degrees into oblivion, also killing you, and leaving you more frustrated than an aging hooker.The character you control is almost as bad as the vehicles. Slow to move, turn, runs 100m in 20 seconds, which is very slow for a video game featuring a lot of simulated running. This bumbling, unathletic that idiot you control can get stuck inside fences, rocks, doors, you name it, your unfortunate little guy can glitch through anything if you're not careful.5. Loot randomness improved, but still garbageLand somewhere hot because you want action not 35 minutes of looting/stalking. Oh, this house doesn't have a gun. Nor does this one. Or this one. The guy who has been chasing you has two assault rifles and a helmet and sends you back to the main menu.Next game you decide to spend an hour parachuting somewhere away from the chances of this happening again (remember it takes about 3 minutes for queue > lobby > land somewhere, so these sorts of frustrating deaths don't come at zero cost). You loot about 30 houses and find 32 uzis, 12 shotguns, 35 first aids, and 20 energy drinks.Of course the opposite can happen and you find guns, ammo, optics and meds in a timely fashion so you aren't showing up to a gun fight with a knife. But the parameters for randomness are far too wide, which means that skill can't factor into a large percentage of games which can leave you very frustrated.6. Graphics/Sound issuesFor a game mostly about trying to spot enemies before they spot you, bafflingly we have a blurry hud, headache inducing lensflare and bloom effects, oh and they just added a nauseating screen shake to FPP and impact on jumping. There are competing elements in the dev team it seems, one wants an amazing competitive battle royale shooting game, the other wants a cinematic experience.Annoying ambient noises you can't switch off (like there's a freeway in the distance, or some sort of faint industrial fan noise). Vehicles make your ears bleed. Rain will turn you insane. There's even a spooky soundtrack for the fog! Aboslutely ridiculous.7. Community team, website, and general issuesHow could we leave the community team out of this. I'm sure there are a less competent team of individuals out there with worse public relations skills, but i'm yet to discover them. Dreadful bans by the admins. Fascist running of their forums by stereotypically power hungry cave dwellers deleting posts with any sign of dissent and even constructive criticism. And due to the negative community response to all of the above, the dev team (arguably the only people worth hearing from) are now simply avoiding public relations, instead of manning up and learning from their mistakes and engaging positively to help change the direction. Of course this comes from the top, with the game creator citing ptsd on twitter and saying words are important, while the lobbies in his game are filled with the foulest racism and most abject voice communication content i have heard, and trust me when i say that i have heard some.8. Game interface and quality of life issuesThey use a .htm as their game menu. Thankfully it isn't as buggy as before. But games from the 90s had quicker smoother interfaces, and they probably had a team of 1 guy designing it.9. Team/regional issuesFrom NA but don't have friends online? Queue up to get matched with Asian players who don't speak english and leave their mic on while your ears bleed to the sounds of their internet cafe. Want to mute them? Guess what, you can't hear your entire team now. From OC? Same issue. EU? anyone's guess. You get the picture - unless you have teammates online, you're gonna have a bad time in squads. For me this isn't an issue because my friends are all obsessed with this game, but I tested this and found 7 out of 10 games on non Asian servers, my teammates were Asian players who had picked the laggier server presumably for a ping advantage, (refer problem one) and proceeded to pollute voice comms the entire game. Inescapably cancerous behaviour enabled by lack of options and poor game design.10. General optimisationSlowly, slowly, the game crawls towards a reasonable framerate. Running 6700k/1070 I still get dips to 30fps. I shudder to think of people loading this game up with only the recommended specs and not high end consumer gear. Definitely stay away from this game if you don't have an SSD and 16gb or more of ram, and a mid/high end cpu/gpu combo."
,Not Recommended,578080,32236988,Posted: 7 June,all,Eiffel,"Honestly, it's just as bad as H1Z1 and Dayz before that. These games have terrible net code/registry and performance issues. No idea how the problem hasn't been solved yet, considering there have been 3 titles with the same damn concept and none of them can get it right.I think the concept is great and fun, but it plays horribly and runs horribly. I have a beefy PC, and I have to run the game at Ultra Low to get a constant 60 FPS. Besides that, hit registry and server desync are like the plague.Getting shot behind corners? Check.Seeing blood but obviously not dealing damage? Check.Looting taking an extra 15 seconds because the server hasn't updated on time? Check.Can't get into a vehicle in 1 key press because the game refuses to acknowledge the action? Check.Server shuts down when theres only 10 people left, kicking everyone from the game and awarding no credits? Check.Customization as basic as a white girl in Texas? Check.Unable to loot or shoot a gun because your character gets bugged in a 2nd/3rd person view? Check.Vehicles having unrealistic/unpredictable/buggy movement? Check.Get spammed with invites and have to click them all as the game allows stacked invites? Check.I could go on, but I think I made my point. And no, it's not because it's Early Access, because similar issues were rampant in the previous Battle Royale games, even though they all make such a massive amount of money and are developed for years. Just look at DayZ, it never ♥♥♥♥ing left Early Access even after 5 years of being developed since Alpha.I took the plunge because my friends were loving it and hyped. But after a few hours, everyone kinda saw how buggy and terrible it felt to play. The fun part is always about the hunt and resource gathering/management. But the execution is ♥♥♥♥ing abyssmal.Wait until the game is actually developed properly. And if it isn't. wait until another Battle Royale game gets it right. They seem to be popping up like MOBAs did in 2009-2012.EDIT:To people saying I don't have a beefy PCMSI Gaming 4G GTX 970Intel i5-6600K16GB RAMSamsung Evo 850 SSDI run every game (even ones that look better like Battlefield 1) at 60FPS+ on Ultra. This game is just terribly optimized.To people saying it's EA. The EA doesn't mean anything if they just keep that title in hopes of idiots like yourselves to believe that it's nowhere near complete. Look at the previous titles. You're going to tell me a game 5 years in the making is still EA? Please."
,Not Recommended,578080,35016691,Posted: 17 September,all,👌  O  K  A  Y  👌,Played like 1 hour and got banned fro stream sniping. Didn't even know he was a streamer. ♥♥♥♥ this game. Refunded.
,Recommended,578080,30798704,Posted: 28 March,all,Titanium2220,ARMA too hard and slow? Other shooters too fast and require no skill? This hits the sweet spot between the two.Squad/team coop element is well implemented for good tactical play and immense adrenaline rushes.9/10 Could do with some performance improvements.
76561198179175433,Not Recommended,578080,35256571,Posted: 28 September,all,Faker Obamananananana,"Too much hackers, I've one guy just speeding up running to our team and  teleport into our building then 4 head shots our squad. And there might also be countless ESP hackers that we could never tell. If this game keeps going on like this, it will be replaced by a better one soon just like what happened to H1Z1."
76561198131935256,Recommended,578080,30692347,Posted: 23 March,all,"Lanvin❤Mein Führer, Steiner...",GTX 760 8GB RAM I7260060 outside60 inside small buildings45 in big cities40 when looking at open fields filled with buildings
,Not Recommended,578080,30823933,Posted: 29 March,all,Blazebeak🔥,"Don't get me wrong, this game is better than h1z1. But that is like comparing trash to... a dumpster fire or something. There are tons of problems in this game. The first one being you have to have your graphics on low. If you have them on high you wont see people from a distance and will almost always die from a sniper. The servers lag and, there are a lot of cheaters in the game, the game is unoptimized and has frame rate problems, they ban people for any criticism they get on their forums, there are a bunch of asian people on the U.S. server when they should stay on the Asian server and they are always screaming ""China numba whon!"" and the makers don't care that they warp all over the screen and don't add a pong limiter, Or banning people for team killing when maybe they should just remove it from the game if it isn't allowed instead of basically stealing peoples money for using a function in their game. These devs refuse to fix these problems and are just using early access as an excuse for their games problems instead of releasing it when it is finished. These have got to be some of the most incompetent devs I have ever seen and are clearly not fit or able to run and maintain a game this popular. The very fact the playerunknown added his name to the game shows how bloated his ego is.Also as a later update : They added micro transactions when they said they wouldn't be adding them until the game was finished. So good on them. Having such a popular game and wanting even more money because they don't want to leave early access because of all the flaws when they should have just released a finished product instead of blaming all their games problems on ""It's just early access dude!"".I'm also very proud to say... I told you so. And I hated this game before it was cool. And the people who left comments on this review all failed to justify their points they were making to prove me wrong. Even more so with this new update. And now hopefully they see why these devs suck and are big babies that ban people for any criticism they get when they should just accept it like normal game devs do."
,Recommended,578080,34285910,Posted: 16 August,all,Kirictr0ne,I broke up with my gf for this game
,Not Recommended,578080,35296203,Posted: 29 September,all,Nobture,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers, always goes down to♥♥♥♥♥♥everyday. Fix your bloody servers m8s,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'connection closed' and still dont bother to fix the bloody problem. I bet even club penguin has better servers than this."
,Recommended,578080,31813774,Posted: 17 May,all,DanGheesling,"PUBG is the exactly what DayZ and H1Z1 could have been. It takes the best of both worlds, gives you scopies (4x 8x) and improves upon the Battle Royale genre. The new golden standard for Battle Royale, also so far has been tastefully monetized (none in early access). Enjoy with the full endorsement of someone with potato aim."
76561198031157576,Recommended,578080,35003920,Posted: 16 September,all,Anon,">Be me>Playing solo>3 people left>Hiding upstairs in a house>Mom brings me phone, call from grandma>Happy Birthday.mp3>She starts playing 20 questions>Shes asking about my girlfriend>I hear a car pull up>Panic level over 9000>Tell gma I have to call her back, I have another call.>Player unkown enters building and runs upstairs, BAM Dead>Grenade drops through window, BOOM Dead>#2>You mother#$&%ing C#&$>Never hung up the phone.>Grandma never asks me about my GF, tells my mom its a touchy subject.10 / 10"
,Recommended,578080,33173839,Posted: 3 July,all,ℭ♏ ℘ʊℵк,"I bought this game withing first few weeks of its release. At that time it was a buggy mess . Heck I even refunded it because I was getting around 40 fps with a 980 ti and i7 . There was loads of potentials in this game but the game being Early Access and such a♥♥♥♥♥♥show of performance made me loose my confidence in the game.Fast forward to 1 month later after refund, I saw that the game received many updates and the devs even promised weekly (small update) and monthly (big updates). So I thought why not give it a try again and now I can't even put this game down.Now I am getting above 100 fps and the game it soo much fun with my squad. I will surely recommend this game to everyone of you. Also the game is set to receive new maps and even a ZOMBIE MOD!!!!!!!!!!!!.The best part about this game isn't even the game itself. I purchased the game again because the devs fulfilled their promise of providing constant updates and they haven't disappointed me."
,Recommended,578080,30950180,Posted: 4 April,all,Empti,"Performance and server stability could be better, but that's to be expected from an early access title. That being said the game has a vast amount of content already available and looks extremely promising. The variation in available weapons, consumables and gear is what helps keep this game fresh, no 2 matches feel the same and you never know what kind of equipment you'll find or who you'll run into. Putting performance issues aside this is a great and fun Battle Royale game, both solo and playing with friends.Is it worth the price tag though? In my opinion it is, but it all depends on wether you're the kind of person that likes to delve into these type of games.If you were interested in H1Z1: KotK but felt like it was lacking in any department, then I would highly recommend you to give this game a chance."
,Not Recommended,578080,33830597,Posted: 27 July,all,nkay,"Crates to be opened for $2.5 ea, also free cosmetics getting removed at the end of the Early Access period.Screw money-milking the customers. Be ashamed of yourselves."
,Not Recommended,578080,35487582,Posted: 4 October,all,Ayylmao1911,"See, I don't know what to say, whater it's good or not, It is good by it's gameplay, but it is bad that you ban people for StreamSniping when they don't even watch the stream (I could make a twitch account, stream. get many people to watch me, After that. Get killed by one, report him to you guys. and He got banned, By so, he never knew who i am). Or ban people for using ""glitches for advantage"" See, It is an EarlyAccess Game, But come on. You can't just do that. People paid their own money to play your game afterall."
,Not Recommended,578080,35057677,Posted: 18 September,all,Nick Fix,"My game used to run flawlessly. Their September update, however, absolutely ♥♥♥♥ed my game in some way and I'm not sure how to fix it. Upon landing, every building is a messy blob of textures that I can't enter, it just forces me out. Along with unloaded textures, I receive a staggering amount of stutters and overall poor FPS.I used to play this game for hours and hours, but seeing that I am at a severe disadvantage at the start of every game, I can't possibly give it a positive review. I hope this is fixed soon so I can change downvote into an upvote."
,Not Recommended,578080,34014856,Posted: 4 August,all,ティアラ μ's,"As much as I like this game I think that the Devs going back on their word regarding microtransactions is kind of ♥♥♥♥ed up and well.. Just a♥♥♥♥♥♥move to put it simply.Yeah I know it is only cosmetic and it will not affect the gameplay at all. [ For those people who will say ""hey but its only cosmetics"" ]Adding microtransactions means adding microtransactions and them going back on their word there is no other way around.So what this means? In the future anything they promise us like lets say a free new map for example. They can easily go back on their word anytime and say that the hnew map they promised us to be free will be sold as a DLC :D I mean why not right? They went back on thier word on microtransactions and it is so blatant, this means that the Devs dare to do these kind of things a garbage Dev would do. Oh not to mention the game is still in EARLY ACCESS filled with a alot of bugs.Just plain dissapointed and disgusted at its practices in this game. Not to mention ever since release this game has never ever once gone on sale. As of 08/05/2017"
,Not Recommended,578080,34540300,Posted: 27 August,all,1NpuLs,game is gooddeveloper badhonk honk
76561198025234801,Not Recommended,578080,35104466,Posted: 21 September,all,Andrei,"""connection closed""""servers are too busy""""host closed the connection""good game but potato servers"
,Not Recommended,578080,34004583,Posted: 3 August,all,Sean,Broke promise of no microtransactions during early access.
,Not Recommended,578080,33592418,Posted: 16 July,all,Gathos,"Don't get it...yet.This game is awesome, especially with friends. It's tense, requires strategy, luck, and skill, but most of all it's fun. The combat is quick and satisfying, and the feeling when you're laying prone in a field of wheat, knowing that there are 8 other players somewhere close by cannot be compared.BUT.This is in early access and their optimization needs work. Their system requirements are fairly low, but the game still runs like crap for almost everyone, from an i3 with a GTX 950 to an I7 with a GTX 1080. Frame drops abound, and when you first start the game it's likely the textures won't be loaded in yet so you will be unable to enter houses to loot them because they're just blocks of blury color.So give it a little time. Wait for better optimization before you pick it up. But if you've got a friend or two who are ready to jump into the battleground, go for it! The fun you'll together have will outweigh the problems."
,Not Recommended,578080,34621113,Posted: 30 August,all,The-Mad-Umper,Said they would never add microtransactions but went against their word aiming to exploit children through their soon to be paid lootbox system which disguises the fact that it is simply child gambling.
,Not Recommended,578080,34500537,Posted: 26 August,all,Unforgetable,Not even going to consider playing until the loose ban hammer's gone.Kill a random player? Play the game? Have fun? -- ALL ban worthy.
,Not Recommended,578080,31330570,Posted: 23 April,all,GoldenDewMelon,"Before I start: I know this game is very, very new, and that I'm sure that there will be many updates in the future that may fix the problems I am currently having with this game. However, this review will be less for people wanting to purchase it, and more for the developer/s that created it.To start this review off, I'd like to say that the idea for this game is absolutely fascinating. I love the concept of skydiving into a crazy warzone with a group of friends, searching for resources, and fighting against a horde of other people to try to be the top survivors in the Battleground. The music is nice, the setting (itself) is great, and the various different cosmetic items are refreshing.However, when it comes to execution and performance, this game is practically unplayable in its current state. Constant FPS drops (usually happens right when I see another player), various glitches (such as running yourself over), and a world that is so unbelievably large that it slows down the game to render objects that are just a couple feet in front of your character. No matter how low I put the display settings in the menu, the FPS and rendering problems still remain. I cannot tell you how frustrating it is to see that the game isn't any more playable on ""Very low"" settings than it is in ""Ultra"" settings. I have a very compatable computer, and it is almost equal to that of the reccomended requirements. No matter how good your PC is, IT WILL STILL HAVE TROUBLE RUNNING THIS GAME. This game often has crashed my computer, causing me to restart it (everytime it crashes). This game is very, very difficult to play when your FPS drops to about 1 everytime you encounter another person on the battleground. It isn't enjoyable to know that it is basically impossible to be the last man standing.I would rant more, but this review is getting repetitive. My advice to anyone thinking about buying this game:Do NOT buy it......yet.Give it some time first, there is a LOT to be updated and done, and I hope that the developer/s find a way to fix every single last one of these problems. Until then, I'll be keeping this review as a ""Do not buy"". I think I would really enjoy this game (if it would run smoothly enough for me to actually play it)!"
76561197993480943,Not Recommended,578080,34310976,Posted: 17 August,all,ijzerman,Focus on finishing the game instead of offering payed content.
76561198106468392,Not Recommended,578080,34312966,Posted: 17 August,all,Duncan,overly buggy
76561198279238791,Not Recommended,578080,31440270,Posted: 29 April,all,UKLionHeart,I think this game is going to be amazing but the optimisation is not good enough yet to recommend a purchase. Going to get a refund.
,Not Recommended,578080,35476201,Posted: 4 October,all,R3dwan,"OK playing This Game is really Fun with Squad Damn FunBut the worst optimized Game I ever playedBuildings take too much time to load even if you have more then 8 gb ramNetwork issue - Every single dayDev valued 4.6 billion but still not optimizing the game  (they adding fog,night mod but no update for bugs,crash )Bulehole best Dev ever :)"
,Not Recommended,578080,35108531,Posted: 21 September,all,Narcoma,"It's kind of fun, yeah, but it mainly lives through the hype of Twitch and some of its streamers. It's horribly bugged, not optimized, the sound design is horrible, the visuals lackluster and all in all just a streamlined version of the equally flawed H1Z1. The devs seem very unexperienced and, might I say, lazy too. Want an example? You can't cancel queues. It's been bugged for several patches now. You literally have to close the game to re-queue - and it's been like that for weeks."
,Not Recommended,578080,33813051,Posted: 26 July,all,leagueclientsobuggy,"Excellent game for early-access. I have had so much fun playing this alone, and with friends, with moments that cannot be replicated in other games. I have been willing to put PUBG's flaws in my rear-view mirror, as some, like the car physics, add to the games charm, but the introduction of microtransactions just reveals that Bluehole are just going down the same route as EA and other companies. Instead of the monthly gameplay and feature additions as promsied, we get paid for RNG-loot based cosmetics. Excellent.Please don't give the devs your money for a replica game like this one, other similiar games exist, some of which may even still care about their community. As great as the game is so far, and as talented as the devs are, this is the exact kind of policy that we as a gaming community need to address as a problem and fight by the only means we have access to; where we spend our money."
,Not Recommended,578080,34460654,Posted: 24 August,all,Jaffe Joffer,"Five months after release you sold over 7 million copies and earned a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of money (210.000.000 US$ before tax), but instead of fixing your game issues (lag, optimization, hitboxes, vehicle physics, etc.) you implement loot crates to earn even more.Why not hire some developers and get this things done, I'm sure you can afford it or will there be a gofundme campaign in the near future?"
76561197996847626,Not Recommended,578080,32394992,Posted: 13 June,all,Blackflorescent,"Advert in lobby screen and twitch branded clothing ingame is a worring development. Twitch is owned by amazon so what does this mean for gaming if an unscrupulous behemoth like amazon is getting involved.Advertising in gaming is not welcome, especially in games that have been paid for."
,Not Recommended,578080,33892975,Posted: 29 July,all,Blacksonfive,"Cannot recommend atm, it's still very poorly optimized, my specs are way above what was required, the game sets my graphics to high/very high but FPS drops are constant and random, if you set everything to ""very low"" you might, hear me well, might, have a chance to play.Worst part? Steam did not accepted my refund request :(Windows 10 ProAMD FX 8350R9 280X XFX8GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,578080,31335223,Posted: 24 April,all,hellvix,"I am not going to give my opinion about what the game could be like. I am going to be sincere in aspect of what I experienced playing this version of the game as it is now.Pros:- Nice weapon mechanics;- Beautiful and well designed map;- Interesting game design;- Environmental sound is terrific;- Nice character customization;- Richness of items and weapons;Cons:- Player movements feels clunchy. You can't jump through a lot of small fences and rocks;- Netcode is terrible. I go further to say that it is even worse than in Battlefield 4 in its earlier days;- Extremely bad optimized with massive FPS drop (and I have two Titan X);You might point out that I only had 3 cons for this game, but for me they are the pillars of a good game, specially the netcode and the bugs. I don't want to be killed because I shot someone in the face and the server didn't register it or when you try to retreat or/and get cover and the game glitches. Specially for this kinda of game, where death is a big punishment.If you are coming from even worse bugs and netcode issues, such as DayZ and H1Z1, you might find this game interesting, or if you are extremely minimalist and do not care for these obvious phenomenons that ARE going to affect your game experience, you might find this game interesting.Otherwise I suggest waiting for a WAY more stable version of the game.NOTE: You can refund this game if you are not satisfied with the experience. Check your purchases log to call it back. You must have played until X hours in order to do so. I believe it must be just a few - probably less than 4, like I did."
,Not Recommended,578080,31347353,Posted: 24 April,all,AHR631,"If you like random dsyncing, unbalanced, inconsistent gun fights and early access bugs this game is for you.....-The amount of lag and desync issues in a competitive game of this nature is UNACCEPTABLE. Fangirls will cry ""EA"" all they want, this feels more like a technical alpha server test version of the game than a playable EA. Prepare to be killed through walls, after taking cover, mid-parachute, or anything else that doesn't actually make sense.-Third person means people can see you, but you can't see them. I like the 3rd person perspective, but I can't help but feel like it actually doesn't belong, it just feels wrong to be able to watch someone run to your location, knowing they have no clue you're there but you're just watching him the whole time. Overall, It has potential, but who knows when or if that potential will ever be met. I recommend not buying this game until they fix these core issues which completely ruin majority of the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,578080,33815465,Posted: 26 July,all,[NA] FREE THE CATS kickback.com,"Sorry to say this but they are breaking promisie, also dont try to help the community, you get banned for it, i discovered a hack/ bug and tried to report it on multiple occasions, they then decided eehh why not, lets ban him. So dont buy this game dont play it and waste your time into because you tried to help the community, forget this game."
,Not Recommended,578080,33859768,Posted: 28 July,all,Zesty,Got banned for vaguely looking in a twitch streamers direction. Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,578080,35433115,Posted: 2 October,all,Gordon Zola ♪,"Worst Game Ever.Those goat player continuing to get assfuccked with ""Early Access"" bulllshit.Those ♥♥♥♥head programmers put grafiti in updates instead of stabilize this crap.And even want to turn Esport without getting their job done.Unstable, overprice, full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ proning on the grass like slugs.♥♥♥♥♥ off cuunts devs."
76561198129278813,Not Recommended,578080,35417853,Posted: 2 October,all,Widowmaker,- open steam- play PUBG- connection closed- quit game- repeat 1000x
,Not Recommended,578080,34371245,Posted: 20 August,all,SiNiSTAR,"I can't really reccommend it, there's so many bugs and cheaters right now that I almost lost interest in the game.Also the devs are focusing more on ♥♥♥♥ing paid crates instead of fixing bugs and performance so don't expect much.Speaking of performance this is easily one of the most unoptimized games that I ever saw in my entire life and yes I know it's still early access but come on, even Crysis 3 on ultra settings runs and looks better than this game.To run it properly you literally have to brute-force the game by running it on an SSD (to avoid stuttering, fps drops and other stuff) and haveat least16gb of RAM to avoid crashes.Even people running the game with GTX 1080s are getting fps drops which is completely ridiculous.Speaking of the game itself there's almost no skill involved at all, 90% is all about luck and good camping spots.How to play PUBG properly:1. Jump off the plane and reach a decent spawn point away from other players2. Cross your fingers and hope for decent loot3. Camp like a noob until someone runs in front of you, then press your left mouse button4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 for 30 minutesI won't even talk about the bugs, and oh god the servers are so bad lol.If the game will improve I'll change my review, but right now it's definetlynotworth 30$ and I suggest you to wait for a few more patches.Now let's see how many fanboys get butthurt over this review :)"
,Not Recommended,578080,32216785,Posted: 6 June,all,NangSSSS,"This game is actually really cool, but please fix the bug!!!When i start the game, i need to resetting the brightness, the sensitivity and all my♥♥♥♥♥♥setting back again! Idk if this  happen only to me. If anyone can solve the problem please contact me. I don't want to waste a lot of time playing this game like that again!Sorry for my bad English!"
76561198021099686,Not Recommended,578080,34753241,Posted: 5 September,all,Imapinecone,"If your an Aussie, expect to be only able to play half the game. OCE servers are NOT going to be recieving First Person Only mode like the rest of the world due to ""a lack of playerbase"""
76561198048883344,Not Recommended,578080,33861105,Posted: 28 July,all,BingBongMcGee,"This game is fun. The game developer, PlayerUnkown will ban anyone a streamer declares a cheater or a stream sniper. Streams have huge audiences and encourage witch hunting and picking out an individual player without any clear evidence. You risk getting banned for killing a streamer, especially if that streamer is looking for an excuse to why they died because their head is so far up their butt they can't realize that they will die sometimes. Their careless accusations cost people that support this game their opprtunity to play. Garbage public relations and their developers are at the knees of streamers and their herds of sheep followers that witchunt and harass random players calle dout by streamers. Don't buy this game the developers are PR idiots."
,Not Recommended,578080,33849605,Posted: 27 July,all,WEEDBABYGOKU420,"I really like this game, but I'm having a hard time recommending it after some of the decisions made by the staff.  Essentially, they have set up some fairly bad rules regarding punishments for ""stream sniping"" and teamkilling.  The current review system involves a user submitting video evidence, and that is the only evidence available to the reviewers.  There is no in game log yet, or replay system.  Rulings are decided by inexperienced community managers in what may as well be a popularity contest.  Both rules already have multiple instances of weaponizing, in which players who who defend themselves against a team killer was banned and someone was accused of stream sniping as banned due to the sheer amount of viewers who reported him.  I'm here to play a Battle Royale game, not take part in a popularity contest."
76561198055877982,Not Recommended,578080,34653249,Posted: 1 September,all,Master Sergeant,"Dev's are a bunch of butthurt ♥♥♥♥s who lie to their fanbase. Game is fun, but if i could refund i would just based on principal."
76561198025459733,Not Recommended,578080,33830260,Posted: 27 July,all,Pressure,Microtransactions
76561198100569020,Not Recommended,578080,34246665,Posted: 14 August,all,PanzerVillari,"The idea of this game is fantastic.  So many things can happen and the future is bright.  But the DEVs seem to ignore the community and also lie to our faces.  Many times they said in game purchases won't be in Pre-Alpha.  Update 3, they released in game purchases........  And the game still is laggy and buggy. But don't worry.  You can spend $2 real dollars on a random hat or T-Shirt or boots!They also want all your money.  $30 for the game, $2 for a key to unlock a random crate that gives you something random.  You an get multiples of that item.  Its a Pre-Alpha game and they are focused on setting up store purchasebles instead of the game.  Until they learn to listen don't get this game.Wait for the full released game.  Another dissapointing DEV team.  I have faith they can turn it around."
,Not Recommended,578080,33795971,Posted: 25 July,all,Zadey,chinese gorilla warfare
76561198063896054,Not Recommended,578080,35356586,Posted: 30 September,all,Kesrels,Getting banned for interacting with streamers in game is not okay.
,Recommended,578080,32367507,Posted: 12 June,all,thomas,haha
,Not Recommended,578080,33881121,Posted: 29 July,all,Kryton | 160k ❤,"Microtransactions during Early Access from a Team that has like 10 Devs and already made +100mio $? HAHAHAHA. How pathetic!@Edit:I wouldn't have made this review if they didn't themselves CLEARLY PROMISE to not include any microtransactions as long as the game is not finished. Maybe they should fix their horrendous performance, the lack of content or the crappy 10$ Servers in Uganda first before trying to make even more money.And some replies to your hilarious comments:""Mimimi you are not forced to buy them"" - Exactly - same with any other game DLC - yet you are the first one to cry about an EA Season Pass for Game XY.""Mimimi the skin doesn’t affect the gameplay"" - Yes, they do! There is a clear difference between having perfectly colour matched gear in brown or pink flashy tshirt in red.""Mimimi they use the money to pay for the event"" - Yes, they are using the community to pay for a PR Event because a tournament is nothing else, they are basically charging the community for advertising their own game.@Edit2: At all the mad fangirls crying over my review, don't bother wasting your time posting a pointless comment I don't care about - I will delete it anyway ;)"
76561198052061248,Not Recommended,578080,33858871,Posted: 28 July,all,CiNETRiX,"This game is going south pretty fast. Starting with microtransaction in an EA game to banning random people from the game for 1 FULL WEEK for ""streamsniping"" without having any real evidence. Just go read PUBATTLEGROUNDS reddit and you'll understand all these recent and justified downvotes. As long as they don't fix their ""I'm superior, you're a peasant"" attitude, they won't succeed any further. They turned into an ignorant, moneygrabbing ""NoMan's Sky""-like company."
76561197992689935,Not Recommended,578080,30712624,Posted: 24 March,all,Steve,"Not Recommended to Australian/NZ players, no servers avaliable for us forced to use 150 ping asia servers.Pretty sad these days when even a 2 man team for blackwake can get aussie servers day one and this monster doesn't even bother..."
,Not Recommended,578080,33808189,Posted: 26 July,all,mcpeen,"There are things I really like about PUBG. The gameplay is tense and each match feels fresh, even though battle royale games have been around forever. However, I feel truly conflicted; I desperately want to love this game, but I can't support anti-consumer developer practices like micro-transactions in any form. This is not normal! Why should we pay for content after we already paid for the game??I feel like I got my $30 worth, but if the devs tank the spirit of the game for a cash grab, I can't recommend it to future buyers. It's like PayDay2 all over again."
,Not Recommended,578080,34680485,Posted: 2 September,all,3D_Blasphemy.,"8,738,669, early access buyers at 29.99 per head, excluding steam royalties, thats a lot of money. For the small ammount of time i have had the game its barely playable. if it doesnt crash on spawn island the buildings are desynchronised upon landing and lets not talk about frames per second, probably easier to talk about seconds per frame. crash to desktop, bsod, radeon relive crash, memory leak at 33gb of ram...  its a long list. I may update this review in the future, but im just as doubtfull of any real progress in this game as i was with dayz."
,Not Recommended,578080,33877808,Posted: 29 July,all,Deadstuff97,Micro transactions are not accaptable in any game except F2p GAMES!!!
76561198138616896,Not Recommended,578080,35482429,Posted: 4 October,all,OwO.JPG,"100% honesty: the developers need to not swing the ban hammer when a streamer cries stream snipe or hacks. Until they fix this issue and learn their boundries as developers, I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,578080,35385020,Posted: 1 October,all,slocked,"A game whose developer never care about server issues (based on actual user feelings) and officially recommend proxy which charges more cost than game itself when purchase proxy service for months. Bluehole, let us players know when you squeeze all potential value of the IP and never show up with NO MORE apologies. Course we know apologies are easier made than actual optimization."
76561197979081415,Not Recommended,578080,33803516,Posted: 26 July,all,Tem,"Game is barely playable at steady framerate with specs well above Minimum Requirements.Luckily the dev team has their priorities straight and are introducing microtransactions in the same patch as the FOV slider, both mandatory features of the shooter genre."
,Recommended,578080,35187272,Posted: 24 September,all,cabasho,ruined my life
,Not Recommended,578080,34523731,Posted: 27 August,all,Peemo,I love the game but the stupid bans need to stop cant people just have a little bit of fun?
76561198066232428,Not Recommended,578080,35402181,Posted: 1 October,all,Ragnarocker,"Fortnite is free.  Just play that, honestly.  I like this game a lot, though it's stale.  If you really want this game, wait for it to go on sale, there's  no way it'll stay full price long."
,Not Recommended,578080,34729340,Posted: 4 September,all,TURKINATOR,"I love the game. But it seems the devs are siding with streamers on everything.Just because people play the game different, e.g. camping, having fun by honking horns etc, they shouldn't be banned. Stop sucking off the streamers and act equally towards every player.Until I stop hearing about this♥♥♥♥♥♥happening to people, my review will be negative."
,Not Recommended,578080,35141507,Posted: 22 September,all,Jon Snow,Game is very repetitive and you can get banned for killing a streamer :D
,Not Recommended,578080,33830314,Posted: 27 July,all,Cobra85pt,They still do not fix the game ... and they already want more money ...more Micro transactions
,Recommended,578080,31262552,Posted: 20 April,all,Dank,"Winner Winner Chicken Dinner,Buy & Enjoy the Addiction."
,Not Recommended,578080,33860342,Posted: 28 July,all,Ceza999,"I love this game but can't support microtransactions in early access, no matter the reason. The way this game has been selling, it's pure greed at this point."
,Not Recommended,578080,34325679,Posted: 18 August,all,Uncle Badtouch,Microtransactions and banning people for honking a horn at streamers.Need I say more?
,Not Recommended,578080,35374764,Posted: 1 October,all,Kyro,"Poor server quality leads to inconsistent gameplay, and hit registration issues. Fortnite by Epic Games is better."
,Recommended,578080,30822195,Posted: 29 March,all,Chizijs,Dude killed me with frying pan!10/10 would die again!
,Not Recommended,578080,33847791,Posted: 27 July,all,snoopuru,"Game has potential and I'll still play it since the game is fun, and the mechanics of the game are already fantastic compared to other games, but with the metric ton of cash they have, it needs to go into fixing the game before content. Server has lag issues and minimum requirements isn't quite as accurate. Microtransactions are unnecessary due to the sheer amount of sales that this game has, but are fine anyway as long as they do not affect gameplay. The cosmetics found in the crates aren't exactly the greatest looking, and you won't spend much time looking at them anyway since you'll be doing 360s attempting to scan the area. The RNG element is a little too strong. *65% of games you will have full level 1 for the first 10 minutes of the game with sparse meds and a red dot on an m16. 5% of games you have an 8x on a kar98k + full attachments + suppressor on SCAR-L or M416 with level 2/3 and too many meds to carry. Other times you have the inbetween. This is even worse in squad gameplay.Final Verdict: Save your money and watch how things play out. The game is currently fun, but can be frustrating if you have a less-than-average connection or computer, and even with neither may still have issues.*please note these statistics are like **95% of other statistics and may or may not be biased**this statistic may also be falseEDIT: The road for PUBG doesn't look bright with the recent actions from the devs. The report system is awful. A person should not be banned for defending themselves against someone who teamkills. A person should not be banned (for a whole damn week) because they allegedly ""stream sniped."" Word-of-mouth should NEVER be grounds for a ban in any situation, nor should bans have no warning, no build-up to the ban. One honest mistake should NOT lead to an instant week-long ban. This is ridiculous."
76561198067875946,Not Recommended,578080,34457111,Posted: 24 August,all,Reiner,"Good Ideastupid developer-babysit streamers-he is going to make it p2w in 2-3 months-a lot of bugs, it is unplayable"
,Not Recommended,578080,34497139,Posted: 25 August,all,[snipe] Nihilistic,"The fact that you get banned for beeping a ♥♥♥♥ing horn at streamers is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because its ""Harassment"" Lmfao way to appeal to 1% of the people who play your game."
,Not Recommended,578080,34557728,Posted: 28 August,all,Trebus,Superb game ruined by the devs banning people on the say-so of an entitled privileged pisspants brat.
76561198075461132,Not Recommended,578080,34553769,Posted: 28 August,all,[GER] tonib44,"they banned for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reasons, they added microtransactions. ♥♥♥♥ em"
,Not Recommended,578080,34467802,Posted: 24 August,all,#GBC,"banned for no reason, do not recommend."
76561198159782145,Not Recommended,578080,34416683,Posted: 22 August,all,TopherLife,"Buggy mess, used to work just fine but has only gotten worse with more server lag than ever. Can't play a single match without lagging through roofs, floors and walls. That is if you are lucky enough to even get into a match without the servers kicking you out back into the lobby.Wait until they fix this buggy mess. Right now it doesnt even seem likely tbh since its only gotten worse over these few months. Adding crates for purchase, rather than fixing the core game experience, seems to be these devs philosophy."
,Recommended,578080,30814310,Posted: 29 March,all,The Bush Kyle,Im bad
76561198131710609,Not Recommended,578080,35490397,Posted: 5 October,all,ShadowDragon,"I do not recommend this game for people to buy for a few reasons.1. The devs appease the streamers that scream stream sniping even if you don't know who the ♥♥♥♥ they are. Not all of the streamers are like this but alot are and unfairly ban people who just kill the wrong guy. Instead of looking into the claim they just say ""oh it's a steamer, that is a good enough reason"" and just ban they person. The streamers made this game popular and it seems that the streamers are ruining the game for alot of people.2. Optimization is currently extremely poor and unless you have a really good PC you will run the game at low settings. There are alot of bugs and glitches that don't get patched and don't tell me ""but it's an early access game"" that is not a good enough excuse. Because instead of fixing the current game they are making a new map that will feature alot more urban areas which will kill your FPS.3. Bluehole really just seem like a company milking this game while it is popular. They broke their promise to not realese paid cosmetics until the game was fully released. They also seen (from what i have seen) to claim the battle royale genre as their own which it is not like the whole Fortnite crap. Brendan Greene (PlayerUnknown) really seems like a nice guy and understands that he does not own the game and is okay with other people making battle royale games if they put their own spin to it.I personally have enjoyed this game, it is fun when you play with friends but every time i kill someone i wonder what if i just killed a salty streamer or what if the new map will obliterate my FPS. It is these three reasons that i am not recommending this game and if the devs fix these issues then i will change this to a positive review. Thank you for reading."
,Not Recommended,578080,35376605,Posted: 1 October,all,xSpeedy,I have an GTX 1050 Ti with all settings on Very Low and I get 20-35 FPS. Optimize this game ffs. :|(When the game is optimized I will remove this review)
76561198345658708,Not Recommended,578080,34415749,Posted: 22 August,all,Oni Kuchi Chan,lul streamers ruined this game
,Not Recommended,578080,35398118,Posted: 1 October,all,[LF] Jackalus,"Sorry but this review will remain negative until these developers who made millions fix this ""competitive"" game and make the registry of shots up to par with a 2017 MODERN SHOOTER. I know this is an early access game but honestly when you spend more time pumping out crates for profit vs. improving the game we all paid for it gets a little old.I'm sick and tired of being outgunned by someone who lives across the world with 400ms ping because the game auto adjusts to make it ""fair"" for everyone in the match.End the matchmaking crap, it has not worked for a single developer out there. Give people the ability to host dedicated servers and get out of the server hosting business, you are not good at it.We need 100tick+ PC games, stop pumping out new features and instead focus on improving the core mechanic... no serious gamer cares about pink mini skirts and yellow jumpsuits.Come on Bluehole, get your stuff together and make a serious effort where it actually matters.Currently I will not be recommending this game to anyone who does not have it."
76561198089791459,Not Recommended,578080,35116397,Posted: 21 September,all,ziremonger,I regret dropping my money on this
,Not Recommended,578080,34434621,Posted: 23 August,all,thepreeus,"Do not buy this game.Devs prioritise adding microtransactions over releasing a fully playable game (those with the game will remember that patch) and the game sufffers from being poorly optimised.My worst problem though with this game is that the devs prioritise streamers over average players.Streamers who make money off the game just complain about people harassing them and they can get other players who paid for the game banned. Average players end up banned when they might have made no error (GO READ OTHER REVIEWS).There is no dedicated competetive mode where players such as streamers can play seriously if they want and people can suffer from cooldowns for not taking it seriously (playing the game for fun).However knowing that there is a single gamemode, you might argue that you should be prepared to play with people who will destroy you (such as streamers/pros) or people who dont play the game seriously at all (such as people who enjoy honking horns).I agree with this logic, and i would suggest, that if streamers play a game with a single mode where they can get people honking at them, they should be prepared for it.This is a problem because THE DEVS ARE LITERALLY ROBBING PEOPLE BY BANNING THEM AND RENDERING THEM UNABLE TO PLAY A GAME THAT THEY PAID FOR BECAUSE THEY PLAY IT FOR FUN.YOU DONT BUY FOOD TO BE TOLD YOU CANT EAT IT BECAUSE THE WAY YOU EAT IT IRRITATES OTHER PEOPLE AT THE DINNER TABLE.I can understand banning players for cheating, but banning players for ""harassment"" is a fine line that is made worse by the fact that serious players cant be separated from casuals. Determining what consitutes unacceptable conduct is difficult in nature when the person who determines it doesn't give all parties the opportunity to tell them their understanding of events.But streamers provide Bluehole with free advertising, and the money they make off advertising as well as forcing consumers to repurchase their products is too much to argue with, and the average player suffers because the devs do not care about your opinion."
,Not Recommended,578080,34313146,Posted: 17 August,all,Sikko,So they can add first person only but they still dont fix the fact i die early every time because my textures never load and i get killed from a house i cant even see or get into
,Not Recommended,578080,35379782,Posted: 1 October,all,ChickenWings - Hellcase.com,"Once upon a time, there was a naive boy. This boy wanted to be part of the trend of Player Unknown's Battlegrounds. He played it for hours on end, hoping that one day he would come first. He even supported the developer, helping sell his cases and buying skins. Then he saw the game in it's terrible light and uninstalled. But, for one last chance, he installed it again and booted up the battle royale experience.....THEN HE GOT BANNED FOR FRICKN STREAM SNIPING!"
76561198094393251,Not Recommended,578080,34309354,Posted: 17 August,all,ZED Exterminator Inc.,"+Game is fun.+Still better than Arma 3 and Mafia 3.+Supports 21:9-Feels choppy.-Crappy optimization. Drops so low that people literally teleport on a 1080 Ti... Flashbang 40 FPS down. Molotov 40 FPS down. In a city 30 FPS down.-Unacceptable BP reward system in duo/squad. How it seems to work now, you get a certain position, you multiply it by (num of players) / (num of squads) then you get the reward which one person would get on solo for that position and divide it by the number of players in your team. So basically a team shares the reward of 1 player. Not to mention that kill rewards are also reduced in team mode, although it is actually harder to kill people. I mean seriously #9/27 with 4 kills - 99 points, 20 of which for the rank....-Movement feels bad, jumping is even worse. Games as old as 15 years e.g. GTA San Andreas have better movement mechanics.-Lacks content. One map, one game mode.-Melee mechanics are horrible. I've never played a game with worse melee mechanics.-Overpriced. For a game you do the very same thing over and over again paying 30 euro is way too much. Imagine if CSGO had only dust 2 as a map and cost 30 euro? Unacceptable. With the number of people who have already bought the game I don't see why updates are being pushed so slowly. It seems like by the time this game is into a state where it would be worth 30 euro it will most likely lose its popularity.-People getting banned for glitch exploits on an Early Access game is incredibly stupid. Sure its not fair but neither is it crashing your car into an invisible wall and dying or getting stuck into objects until you die.-People getting banned for 'stream sniping' is incredibly stupid. Voluntarily publicly streaming a game where your position being unknown is crucial and blaming the killer rather than the streamer makes no sense at all.-Cannot see your own ping-People lagging gain competitive advantage-Garbage tickrate, you can literally peak, shoot, and hide and after you hide you get a bullet to your face just because the server doesn't want to refresh your position often enough."
76561198032947505,Not Recommended,578080,31636773,Posted: 8 May,all,Damien Da Spoop,"Played game, refunded it. Graet game, bad optimization. Definitly suggest to wait until better optimizations are made to the game, then I'll change my review.But other than that, is an OK game. But for now, no.Edit: I have refunded the game and have no way of checking the optimiations of the game now, I may pick it up again when I can and if it's better I'll gladly changed my review."
76561198020721206,Not Recommended,578080,33830328,Posted: 27 July,all,Agent Orange,"Broken promises, nogo..."
,Recommended,578080,33027155,Posted: 30 June,all,YourWifeMyKids,Does anyone know if there's a Vegan Dinner option instead of the Chicken Dinner?Because I'm not getting any.
76561198058647874,Not Recommended,578080,34971900,Posted: 15 September,all,BroTatoRex,"Where to begin? Well, to be honest, the game can be fun if you approach it the right way...This is my first ""Last Man Standing"" game, which doesn't exactly mean much when its still considerably new in relation with games such as H1Z1 and Rust. Personally I regret having gotten the game when I did, which was about late april, at the time it was poorly optimized and almost unplayable even though the CPU and hardware that I had far exceeded the minimun requirements to play the game, but thats enough salt from the past. The reason I wouldn't quite recommend this game is because even though I have had a bit of fun I think that it still has a really long way to go before its worthy of hard-earned money being wasted on a sub-par experience. Let me explain, I'm not much of a fan that the outcome of the game can be accurately measured from the first 2-10 minutes of dropping in due to RNG, which I do understand is part of the fun, but I want there a bit more of a closing of a ""skill gap"" I don't really like dropping in and because someone was lucky enough to find a weapon in the house they run into it results in me dying 0.45 seconds after having landed. Also, it may be me, but the sounds and its quality seems to be a little off, whenever I play gunfire seemingly comes from the opposite direction and throws me off a bit, which, to be fair validating the files has helped in the past and i've made habit of doing so after every update. However, going back to my argument about luck, I don't like the fact that most of the deaths I encounter don't seem to really be my fault. I'll admit i'm most definately not the best player, i'd describe myself as exceedingly average and i'm not ashamed of it either. But, i'm not exactly sure how people are able to shoot through solid objects or throw grenades at impossible distances and sometimes even hit me at a range that is also impossible with  the weapon they have with or without the proper sightings. To keep things ""brief"" this game can be fun, but it has a long way to go before its worth your money. If I were to put a rating to it...6/10."
,Not Recommended,578080,35136683,Posted: 22 September,all,Doug Carl,"Good game conceptually with dogshit execution, riddled with bugs, and clunky gameplay. PlayerUnkown (PU) is an authoritarian SJW communist and Bluehole's CEO is hypocritical beyond belief for criticizing rising competition in the genre (Epic Games' Fortnite); threatening ""action"". Competition brought about PUBG which forced King of the Kill (PU's prior Battle Royale project) to make big improvements. Now that Bluehole enjoys the majority share of the market, they are afraid that Epic Games' superior development experience will outshine them, exposing their shoddy jurry-rigged game, stealing away their customers."
,Not Recommended,578080,34239466,Posted: 14 August,all,big wang,"Fun game, but the devs are milking us before fixing their game.Heavy fps lag and drops occurStill buggyServer lag$2.50 for a chance at a skirt"
,Not Recommended,578080,32817972,Posted: 26 June,all,FeNoM,"Overhyped piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ the numbers of people playing it just shows how stupid modern human is.Bad netcode, very poor optimization, lazy and stupid devs."
,Recommended,578080,32986473,Posted: 29 June,all,Bladelyst,Highly recommend If you're into fast paced action and adrenaline rushes.
76561198054759736,Not Recommended,578080,34523181,Posted: 27 August,all,yamasaer,"OVERALL:If you can wait, wait until BF1 release their Battle Royale mode will be better than spend your money on this game now.PRO:- Good gameplay in Battle Royale style, better than any game currently in market- Good adrenaline rushCON:- Ridiculous bad game engine: Hardcore rig need to run this game smoothly in higher settings- Ban people with stupid reason like honking car horn, streamer sniping lolz- Massive bugs: Stuck in a wall, Dive under the ground (which they don't want to fix because they're busy porting their gameinto XBOX platform- Super lag, Bad server"
,Not Recommended,578080,35430614,Posted: 2 October,all,joemauke,"This game suffers from a myriad of very serious performance issues.  If someone at Unreal didnt warn bluehole that 100 people in this engine was insane, they should have. Also, I think before they started asking for money for this game maybe they should have reached out to the engine provider and tried to work out those issues, and if necessary scaled back the amount of players to a reasonable amount. (seems they are now in a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥contest with Unreal....again, triggered and stupid response to someone making a better version of your game mode)Because so many have purchased this game early and suffered all the seriously unnecessary performance issues, I think they will find that it will more then likely die quickly if their response to issues doesnt match its meteoric rise.  And from what I have seen, I dont see this getting worked out.  Maybe Mr Greene should have went with a known quantity and not some wanna be dev house like bluehole.Dont get me wrong, the game has a lot of potential, but just like most indie-mod gone pro games, their lack of pro dev experience is showing.  Both with how they handle the public, and their users. Someone will make a game just like this minus the performance issues and PU will just be a foot note.  No one remembers who was first, just who was best."
,Not Recommended,578080,35476409,Posted: 4 October,all,Baby Björn,let me start off by saying i love this game. But banning people for honking at and killing streamers is DISGUSTING and bluehole should be ashamed
,Not Recommended,578080,35105423,Posted: 21 September,all,25/11/17,I liked: chicken dinner.I dislike: 他妈的 server.
,Not Recommended,578080,33859957,Posted: 28 July,all,TZer0,"The game works quite well and it seems that the developers are working on fixes that the game needs. Slowly, but it is happening.However, this game deserves no positive reviews until the following issues are resolved:Do not try to ban people for stream sniping (remove that rule) and apologise to the person caught up inthis mess. It is very much impossible to actually prove stream sniping and besides: there are multiple solutions (streamers enabling 2 min delay on stream, the servers not matching the same players with one another several times in a row, etc.). If you don't want to be stream sniped, find your own solution (delay, hide match ID, do not show when you queue for a game) or don't stream.While I'm okay with purely cosmetic microtransactions, please make it abundantly clear that there will still be content of this kind that can be accessed for free post-launch.They violated a promise that can be foundHereand introduced microtransactions before the game was out of EA. It does not matter if the money goes to charity or tournaments - they should've just paid out of pocket with the millions of dollars they aleady have.What this game needs is decent competition that'll scare the developers into behaving properly.Edit: FPP fixes the major gameplay-related issues with the game. Still stand by this review on the basis of the developers not behaving."
,Not Recommended,578080,34354992,Posted: 19 August,all,Siki Rebirth,microtransactions. the thing we were promised not to have. ok.
,Not Recommended,578080,33808415,Posted: 26 July,all,Pineaholic,"It's an amazing game, that's a given, but the constant bugs, glitches, LACK of frames, and third-person to top it off, it's not a game I'd recommend to people with not as powerful or current PC's, but I do recommend it if you can play past these things, but it's a hard game to get good at, even with past experience in looters."
,Not Recommended,578080,33813003,Posted: 26 July,all,hellcase.com,This game is still in early access and the developer is already breaking their promise of no microtransactions before the full release. This is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that killed H1Z1. and bluehole being greedy will kill this game as well.
76561198037536715,Not Recommended,578080,30709368,Posted: 24 March,all,BadererThenYou,"Let me start by saying this game has alot of potential and i know its in ""early access"" whatever that means now days...That being said heres a list of pros and cons (cus im lazy).Pro's:-Fun gameplay that is a cross between Dayz and Warz.-Doesnt require a large amount of skill to play or even win matches... you may sometimes end up winning/losing by dumb luck or stratergy over raw skill.-Capability to play with up to 3 friends from the get go with a death cam that allows you to watch friends.-Already a few types of guns to select from (hopefully more in the future).Con's:-The ""Circle"" that gradually restricts the playable area can sometimes be harsh often catching players off guard with few vehicles to help get back into the circle.In my opinion the circles closes too fast and if you are already commited to a fight it will lead to either running and dieing to the enemy or leaving every one to die by the circle ruining all the fun.-Currently the optimisation of the game is very poor often dropping to a solid 20fps in certain area's (With a 980ti on all very low settings).-There is also considerable network lag, for instance i can run to cover while being shot at and the shots will registers 1.5seconds after i have ducked behind cover.-Many other bugs a ""early access"" game may have... including a lobby bug that requires a pc restart that happens very often.Conslusion:The FPS lag in combination with the network lag leaves this game in a pretty poor shape which is why i am forced to give a thumbs down having not heard any major news or patch plans since the game released over 3 weeks ago."
76561197989473960,Not Recommended,578080,33806970,Posted: 26 July,all,wiigy,"This is a great game, but by Cuckunknown going back on his promise by including micro transactions before the full release of the game I will give the game a negative review."
,Recommended,578080,30694765,Posted: 23 March,all,EvolvedTactics,If your more of a fan of Arma or Dayz you will enjoy this way more then h1z1. H1z1 is more of an arcade experience. This is more tactical and rewarding when you get kills.Wanted to add that i play alot of Dayz and Arma 3 so im used to playing a lower frame rate with a high end system with that being said this game does get occasional fps drops and lag but it is totally playable depending on if you meet the minimum requirments and set your graphics all on LOW. 25 hours in the game with a few SOLO and SQUAD wins now. Honestly loving this game and cant wait to see it progress.
,Recommended,578080,34823021,Posted: 8 September,all,ZwartLiska,"In this review I'll cover some common aspects like the gameplay, graphics and other noteworthy things about this game. This is all from my personal point of view and experience.PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS, who hasn't heard of that title lately. Everyone plays it, and probably you too considering you're reading this review. It exploded in purchases all over the world in mere months.Essentially, PUBG is a ""Battle Royale"" game as they call it. Up to a hundred players enter the battlegrounds by plane. Once landed by parachute, they must find loot like weapons, equipment, ammunition and armor and must constantly be on the move for the shrinking active zone and the other players. The last man, duo or team standing wins. Far easier said than done...GameplayYou land, you loot, you kill, youwindie, rinse and repeat. Your death is the end of the line. No respawn, no revive, no retry. Make a mistake and they'll drop you. No other gamemode. There's a constant being on the lookout feeling present and nowhere is safe. At times this adrenaline rush feels good, especially when you're doing well meanwhile. It's nice to move tactically and pick people off here and there whilst maintaining and communicating with your teammates (if any).The guns are also satisfying to use in both first- and thirdperson mode. They look and sound good, are fun to customize and always spark hope and thrill whenever you find a good one. The gunplay and tactics are enjoyable too. You can use various angles and assisting buttons to scan the area around you and peek around corners.However, I must address one major issue I have with this game and that is how extremely unsatisfying and droning it can be. There will be sessions where you do great and there will be sessions where you suck. The problem is that in many plays, especially your first few ones, you spend a lot of time looting up and moving, then dying out of nowhere. This truly happens a lot and there's not a single percent of satisfaction in this process. You go from house to house to assemble your gear and then you just die. No combat, no chance of retaliation, nothing. Only you and a grey screen with the ""Exit to lobby"" button laughing at you. Not even a playback clip of the player who killed you so that you can learn from your mistakes. You're on your own and progress takes a lot of time. Time that often feels wasted and like grinding because all (it seems) you do is move around, loot and die without making a single hit.Graphics/sound/optimizationWhile it can run fine (55-ish fps on normal-high, while I can run DOOM on ultra with 100 fps), putting it higher than that is a pain for most PCs, good ones included. Especially the random lags are annoying. It could really use some work on this area.The sound however is pretty okay. Especially the gunshots and sounds from far away are a nice touch to both the gameplay and the realism.Devs and streamersYou might be wondering what's up with the Mixed rating on this game (you can ignore most Mostly Positive ratings and below on popular games, it's usually people with way too high expectations about a game). The simple answer is the devs and streamers, mainly from Twitch.The devs of this game arebanningplayers from their game for various inane reasons. Yes, an actual game ban, that ugly red text you see on certain Steam profiles. It's for reasons as insanely ridiculous as, for example, honking at a streamer who then reported the player who honked along the lines of harassment (lol), and he got banned.This isn't really an issue in the long run long if you just keep a low profile. Don't do anything risky like coarse cussing, teamkilling and apparently honking at streamers and you are good to go.I'm not really a guy to delve into the world of the devs behind games so if you want to know more about that I suggest you look at most of the recent negative reviews. I find this one a pretty good example:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198034965030/recommended/578080/Lastly, microtransactions. I get it, cheap way of earning money etc. but for three reasons it's really nothing bad at all: customizeable characters, trading items and it doesn't impact the gameplay in any way, so just stop complaining about it.Final wordIt's really not a bad game. It's rather addictive and I'm sure I'll keep playing it for a bit more with friends but ultimately I'm a little bit disappointed with how unsatisfying it can be as I mentioned earlier. If there was more satisfaction in losing instantly after a long period of nothingness, which there won't be, I'd be way more enthusiast about this game.I'd still like to see the price drop to 20 or so. 30 is a little too steep."
76561198307892541,Not Recommended,578080,35417817,Posted: 2 October,all,rocioldfriend,Game play: 10/10Optimization patterns: 1/10Friendly to new players: 1/10Patato server: 0/10
,Recommended,578080,32621958,Posted: 21 June,all,EiKe,"never campers, always pure action ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,578080,30698394,Posted: 23 March,all,85折 tb：皋月厨的游戏屋,"One of the best survival multiplayer game which includes all things in H1Z1 except the sh*tty bugs. No more ""big update showing the armor hits and body hits"" bull sh*t, no more retard daybreak. All the accessories about guns just make me pump, can't wait the updates, even just tuning into Summit's/shroud's/JoshOG's/golden glove's stream I can have lots of fun, this game achieve what people want Dayz and H1Z1 to look like. 10/10 Let's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gooooooo.有史以来最成功的逃杀生存类游戏，有一切H1Z1有的东西，还有H1Z1没有的机械瞄准，配件，自定义武器，虽然服务器不算很好，但是官方很努力地在改善和租用新的服务器。地图更大，战术更多，视野更广，穿着吉利服千里之外一枪放倒，或者拿着M249对着敌人的掩体扫射，还能无声无息地拿弩箭偷袭。武器强弱不再是问题，手枪枪法好一样可以打过步枪。10/10，在H1Z1还是索尼旗下工作室制作的时候我就在想它能做成什么样子，如今我见到了它的样子。"
,Recommended,578080,30815396,Posted: 29 March,all,DirtyDickDavid,"Honestly this game is amazing. Fantastic H1Z1 concept, but with more realistic graphics and a dayz kind of feel. 9/10 would continue to kill someone with smoke nades again, but seriously the only downside I see so far is that it is CPU intensive and your FPS will go chaotic at points if you run a lower end computer. Dev seem very active and have set plans to move forward. Will rethink this again on the 4/14/17"
76561198055074796,Not Recommended,578080,34012459,Posted: 4 August,all,Mr Deering,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on everything, lags like hell, devs dont seem to test their updates at all, but hey the microtransactions work!Real talk though i thought this was going to be the one, the game that will come out of early access but it looks like its going the way almost all EA trash goes where it like oh look guys we are doing the thing, oh we have your money ok ♥♥♥♥ you btw our director is a public relations nightmare and we can ban you for the most mundane unjustified reasons, I Know this game will sell regardless of reviews but at the moment avoid this greed fuled dumpster fire."
,Recommended,578080,32360174,Posted: 12 June,all,127862,"H1Z1: King of the Kill is a cash grab made by people who only want money.whilst,Playerunknown's Battlegrounds is a game made by people who care about their game and their community."
,Not Recommended,578080,33814084,Posted: 26 July,all,Cuoj,"I have tons of hours in this game and I love it. The developers listen to the community up until now. They promised no Micro-Transactions but the game is still in Alpha and they're already releasing Microtransactions.They're planning on having NO free crates on the release of the full game, and they're planning on using a CS:GO type system where it's all paid to open. This doesn't affect the playing of the game, but if they're going to start money grabbing and turning their back on the community it can only get worse.I'll change my rating if they decide to change their end game with the crates."
,Recommended,578080,31336254,Posted: 24 April,all,♥ Anfield Caddie ♥,"I don't have time to leave any comments abt this game,cuz I've already addicted to it.Anyway, if u likesoy sauce chicken, all u gonna do is click and buy it :)"
76561198155258764,Not Recommended,578080,35361383,Posted: 30 September,all,Asaleh,"i got banned for ""stream sniping"""
,Not Recommended,578080,34348416,Posted: 19 August,all,Mr. Cactus,A developer who broke his promise of none microtransaction until full release is a developer who doesnt respect the community.
76561198048098337,Not Recommended,578080,33817446,Posted: 26 July,all,VMANN 9416,"Here we go boys. A game that many of us thought was to good to be true is now turning into the beast it claimed not to be. First and foremost, Player Unknown is a liar. He made several claims that there will not be PAID FOR MICRO-TRANSACTIONS UNTIL THE GAME IS RELEASED AND IN A FINISHED STATE. Yet here we are months away from a DELAYED release and are getting micro-transactions.Secodly, all our skins and outfits we earn during the EA period will be taken away from us. In favor of a CS and DOTA skins crate system. No we will not be able to earn these crates within the game like Overwatch or Siege.THE COSMETICS ARE NOT THE ISSUE. Yes there will be paid for rng cosmetics, and all our previous unlocks will be taken away from us. Yes its ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and scummy. But at the end of the day they are just cosmetics.HOWEVER, THE ISSUE IS PU LIED TO THE ENTIRE COMMUNITY. You can try and dispute it all you want. But the fact of the matter is, he is a liar. His word now is forfeit, along with Bluehole's. Going forward, we cannot trust a single thing he or the company says. And thats a hell of a lot worse then some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing skin."
,Not Recommended,578080,35430630,Posted: 2 October,all,[NM+] NabiX,- Terrible servers performance- Terrible graphics- Desynced spectator mode- The hit Register is a joke.- Useless jump animation. (Literally can't jump over a short damaged wall.)- Weird and annyoing character movement.- Sometimes menu get bugged and doesn't work anymore so you have to refresh it multiple times.- The game select asian server as default everytime i get back to menu when playing on Solo.- Can't use any Item as passenger in a moving car which makes no sense compare to the reality. (same like H1Z1)- Sometimes you get stucked between air and ground while parachuting near ground and takes a while to land or you get teleported after landing.this game is a glitch simulator stay away from it !
76561198007932983,Not Recommended,578080,33866326,Posted: 28 July,all,Sim3to,"Game causes blue screen of death and made the GPU disapperead from Device Manager. After googling for 4 hours i fixed the issue. Game is not optimalized at all, looks like 7 years old Battlefield Bad Company 2. Crashes. Lags.There is a long, long, LONG path before the game reaches playable version. Only the gameplay raises this game, nothing else."
,Recommended,578080,31321802,Posted: 23 April,all,[WoN][57.Alay] Ibrahim Pasha,"This game is balanced between Arma and H1Z1, a perfect balance between realism and fun.It also has a lot more options than H1Z1 like adding customization to guns (It makes you keep looting mid-late game more) and every weapon has spray pattern and recoil not like H1Z1 everyone jump out of car with shotgun or peeking through corners by jumping with shotgun.Also you decide when to jump out of plane and jump in which direction. In the other hand in H1Z1 you can be f*cked up right when game start by placing you near too many other people.Only downside is optimization, devs should work about it other than that this game has enormous potential."
,Not Recommended,578080,33858547,Posted: 28 July,all,Reisenlover2973,Why is this 30 dollars bro
,Not Recommended,578080,35328560,Posted: 30 September,all,Seids,"Great game, Great conceptstop worrying about new content and work on fixing your servers, your UI, the major bugs... instead of trying to find more ways to make money you already have. You got to big to fast."
,Not Recommended,578080,33862677,Posted: 28 July,all,Janglin,"This is incredibly unfinished! Graphics suffer from major FPS drops and in-game needs a lot of polishing. Gamebreaking glitches are abound and it's a flip of a coin on if the game starts at all! Good concept and might be good as a finished game, but they've got a long way to go. Let's just hope this doesn't become another DayZ."
76561198074937285,Not Recommended,578080,35480746,Posted: 4 October,all,☣SKOㄕLIO ☣,"Pay 30 euro to press reconnect for 20 minutes, get in a game, get a crash, press reconnect 20 more minutes, finally drop from parachute, go into a 3 story apartment building, find only a pair of pants and bandages, get rushed by a guy with a shotgun, press reconnect another 20 minutes. Also risk getting banned by a twitch streamer.10/10 would pay 30 euro again."
,Not Recommended,578080,34465277,Posted: 24 August,all,shoe,"stop falsely banning people for ""harassing"" streamerswhy add the horn if you're gonna ban people for using it"
76561198020672677,Not Recommended,578080,34461482,Posted: 24 August,all,mamutualex,The game offers nothing much  i dont think the price is corect  for such  poor content .Also it laggs alot and is not particular a streamline game
,Not Recommended,578080,35217147,Posted: 26 September,all,Naggaroth,"Allthough this game is extremely fun and vey enjoyable it has a crazy amount of issues that alot of people experience and tbh it ruins the game. My major issue is the buildings taking literally 5 mins to render, in this time you can do literally nothing and serve as a free kill this is EXTREMELY infuriating and has been an issue since day one of lauch and still nothing being done or even said by the devs regarding this. The next issue is major frame studders i go from solid 130 fps to 2 fps at completely random times but mainly when i scope in, this is a game breaking bug and almost everyone i play with experiences it. I wouldnt be putting this review at not reccomend as i do really enjoy the game but when at the start of every round i have to wait 5 mins and hide or run to not get killed i cant help but be extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ please devs do something about this.Oh yea also welcome to camping simulator.for those who will just be saying i have a♥♥♥♥♥♥setupI54690k @4.2Ghzgtx970 4gb16gb 1866 Mhz ramand the games running off a samsung ssd"
,Not Recommended,578080,35476976,Posted: 4 October,all,Maurice,Buildings that never load*check*Framerate issues*check*Unoptimised*check*(I have a GTX 1060 and an i7)Lying devs*check*Microtransactions in EA*check*Falsely banning people*check*10/10 would waste my money again
76561198035493440,Not Recommended,578080,35457777,Posted: 3 October,all,Rafex,The game is fun BUT the devs need to grow up. I just cant support a game with devs like bluehole.
,Not Recommended,578080,35504987,Posted: 5 October,all,NE0N,"My friend got banned for stream sniping because some salty loser on twitch got mad that he killed him fair-in-square. We weren't watching his stream, or even had any idea as to who he was. If Twitch streamers couldn't get away with♥♥♥♥♥♥like this the game would be so much better."
,Not Recommended,578080,32853624,Posted: 27 June,all,Aids,"+ Big overall survival game+ Definitely not like H1Z1+ You can team up with your friends+ Map is big+ Has potential+ Very fun game indeed+ Gameplay is okayishBut why is my rating negative?- As its current state, (yes I know it's currently in early acces) game is too expensive- Incredible in-game lag- Very poorly optimized- Wait 2 seconds before you can open doors or enter vehicles.- Gameplay is okayishWould probably buy again, if the game is updated, finished or atleast by 50% cheaper"
,Not Recommended,578080,33818511,Posted: 26 July,all,Bubblegum DayZRP.com,"No. Stop the microtransactions in a 30 dollar game. This is completley unwarented with the amount of money this game has made and will eventually spoil the whole thing. FREE CRATES ARE BEING REMOVED AFTER THE FULL RELEASE meaning that we will have to buy keys for every crate. This is insane, and an incredibly bad move on Bluehole's part."
76561198055345696,Not Recommended,578080,33803533,Posted: 26 July,all,Stupid Genius,"Good game but despite having earned over 100 mio so far they are going to break their promise and introduce microtransactions in EA to ""fund"" gamescom.Greed should never be rewarded. Such a pity."
76561198059220664,Not Recommended,578080,34747401,Posted: 4 September,all,tinov95,its pretty bogus that all these people are getting banned for  stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like honking theeir horn at streamers? how are you suppose to know you are in a lobby with someone streaming and how is it ok to let streamers have all the power. you can get banned just by a streamer mentioning your name basicaly that is such bull♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198033361783,Not Recommended,578080,35467791,Posted: 4 October,all,Mafasa,This game is only for twitch streamers.
,Not Recommended,578080,34465299,Posted: 24 August,all,One X,Pure garbage
,Not Recommended,578080,34554083,Posted: 28 August,all,Zach S 3P-95,Cant even join a damn server!No matter how hard i tried cant join any server. even the custom ones i cant join.when i enter a custom match they just keep it on waiting. Never started the custom match at all.i paid $30.00 for a game i cant even play.
76561198065214329,Not Recommended,578080,34771069,Posted: 6 September,all,Mr. Cai ♋  ☮Peanut,fix the game !!! People play this pos doesnt mean you dont fix the game
,Not Recommended,578080,33858824,Posted: 28 July,all,Fy God,"very laggy gameplay, can't do anything but w8 until u die and repeat"
,Recommended,578080,33554440,Posted: 15 July,all,1stibangthedrumthnibangurmum,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Recommended,578080,32974914,Posted: 28 June,all,SaLeH,This is the best game
76561198013598305,Not Recommended,578080,33991652,Posted: 3 August,all,Cliffman,"Recent patch considerably worsened the performance of the game, even though it was supposed to optimize it. I've had to put all my settings to very low and even so, I've got lagging on a level I've never before encountered on this game. Adding microtransactions to an already very expensive early access game after they promised not to do precisely that...well that might be seen as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ move. But it's steps backwards like how the game actually plays worse after the patch, that's the stuff that makes me want to not recommend this game to anyone else.On the whole, this game has a lot of potential. It's a damn shame its developers/producers are dropping the ball.EDIT: Thanks to the new optimized vehicle physics, now I can roll over my motorcycle without taking any damage. What the...?"
76561197977279244,Not Recommended,578080,33878815,Posted: 29 July,all,MossiaH,Fantastic Game. 100's of hours on account. Love it.That said....the decisions to put mircotransactions in this game whilst it is still in early access. ♥♥♥♥ING TERRIBLE IDEA. The game is a full priced. Why the ♥♥♥♥ are there microtransactions? greedy ♥♥♥♥s.And they choose the CS:GO Case and key system? that is haunted with child gamlbling issues. Its downright immoral.I hope this game get down vote bombed so the Devs will wake up to themselves before they take this came off a cliff.
76561198124202948,Not Recommended,578080,35438483,Posted: 3 October,all,DallyWacker,"Hackers like DinoLao who take out 25+ people with all headshots/through walls take the fun out of the game, hopefully they get banned like the developers ban gamers who kill streamers."
,Not Recommended,578080,35453623,Posted: 3 October,all,NightMoves,"In my opinion this game is S H I T when it comes to solo gameplay...Its only fun when you are with a friend or two (its fun cauz then you can abuse each other, the game is still S H I T!)"
76561198035642083,Not Recommended,578080,34692111,Posted: 2 September,all,rango,"Do you have the best computer in the entire world? Congrats! You might be able to run Playerunknown's Battlegrounds! For Christ's sake this is the most poorly optimized game on the planet, and I hope to god that they fix this when the game gets out of early development hell. This game is fun as hell when it works, but it can be EXREMELY infuriating when it doesn't work. If you don't have a real good computer, you are instantly placed at a disadvantage in the beginning of the game, because your building textures will not render and your screen will freeze, preventing you from looting buildings and giving your many opponents the upper hand. Don't get this game unless you have a great computer or until it is fully complete."
,Not Recommended,578080,35440612,Posted: 3 October,all,Rabir | #PUBG Sucks,"Pros:- A lot of potential, interesting game modeCons:- Devs has no idea how to develop a game- Server meltdowns lasts for a week (or more)- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ netcode- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization- Devs has no programming skills at all- The game is 90% luck, 10% skill (basically a lottery game)- You can get banned because of stream sniping- You can can get banned because of editing graphics settings in (public) ini file- Vehicle Physics is a joke- Bullet drop is a joke- None of the long-rage (4x, 8x, 15x) scope works as intented, none of them aim correctly according to bullet-drop- Water = Instant inpenetrable shield- Bullet penetration? Hahahahaha... nope.-No server-side hitcheck- The game favours laggers (thanks to the previous point)- Weapon balance? LoL You can continously shoot someone with an SMG, while he comfortly stand up, turn around and kills you with 1-2 shots.- Item balance? LoL- Items completely linear, there is no pro-con for each item, only ""this is better IN EVERY ASPECT than the other one""- Zero tactic in game, the luck factor makes it impossible- Circle is based around ""The lucker gonna win, the ulucky gonna die, no skill involved""- Map balance? Nice joke. There are ~400x400 meters wide areas without any proper cover, if you get picked by a sniper => you are dead. No chance to fight back.- Loot is still broken after 2-3 months, there are villages completely empty of any weapon, while there are houses with 4x AR inside with attachments.- FPS (FPP) mode will gives you serious motion sickness"
,Recommended,578080,33239033,Posted: 4 July,all,Coffee Addicted,"when i bought this game , I played from 9 Am till 9:20 PM !i won one match as 1 Playerthis game is just amazing............."
,Not Recommended,578080,35297832,Posted: 29 September,all,laukinon526,save your money for non-stop reconnection and error
,Not Recommended,578080,31029643,Posted: 8 April,all,SupremeNexus,"Full of bugs, gameplay isn't smooth, I feel like my character is 300 kg heavy and can barely move. Everything feels clunky, shooting is terrible and you can barely distinguish enemies from bushes from afar.Concept is great but server fall down every 3rd game which is really annoying.Terrible experience for a 30 euro game.I hope they fix this using the milions of dollars they got in a few days, don't fail us playerunknown."
76561198006049623,Not Recommended,578080,33801779,Posted: 25 July,all,[Team Salo] Mr. White,"Now that new skins are getting released we're also getting a crate that will be available to purchase for $2.50. Bluehole devs and PLAYERUNKNOWN said that micro-transactions would ONLY start when the game is FULL released.Now they're just creating a crate that we need to pay $2.50 to get skins from the Battle Royale Movie.People will say ""oh but we got 2 free crates"",that's not the point,look the difference between the crates,the paid one got 5 sets when the 2 free ones only got 2 sets of skins.It's all going to happen again like Daybreak ♥♥♥♥ed up H1Z1,good start but then just focus on earning money and ♥♥♥♥ the community.These are some times they said there's not going to be any paid skins before the full release:""We're not doing monetization during early access, it'll be afterwards.""http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/297434/quotSkin_economy_is_a_good_thingquot_says_Playerunknowns_Battlegrounds_creator.php""As far as monetization is concerned, know that we eventually intend to give the player options to purchase cosmetic items only. However, until the game is out of Early Access, our development resources will be focused entirely on improving the Battle Royale game mode. Only then will we consider the addition of in-game purchases.""https://www.playbattlegrounds.com/news/22.pu""What were planning to do, is to add purchasable cosmetic items (like clothes/skins) via crates, this will allow us to create free DLC packs down the road."" Microtransactions are coming after Early Access.http://battlegrounds.gamepedia.com/Frequently_Asked_Questions_(FAQ)#Clothing"
,Not Recommended,578080,33980949,Posted: 2 August,all,Mr Full Titty | hellcase.com,"I have enjoyed playing this game until recently, when the developers seem more focused on releasing new; weapons, vehicles and crates without properly stabilizing gameplay in several serious areas. There are numorous bugs and errors that occur regularly with no mention in weekly or even monthly updates. This game has the potential to be great, but it will fall to the same issues as H1Z1 if the dev team fail to realise that game balance and clientside stability are paramount over new features. I feel let down with the sheer amount of support/investment the community has shown for this game, with contextually few results."
,Not Recommended,578080,30768844,Posted: 27 March,all,Fettel,"40 FOV (field of view)  in a PC game is not okay. There was a fix you could do in the config files but the developers made sure to remove that! Community complained and they still think the default 40 FOV is okay.Sure it's okay if you like motion sickness and panning your mouse across the entire desk to do a 180 degree turn.For now I do not recommend purchasing this game until the developers follow what they say in the description on the store page ""Developed with COMMUNITY feedback""Oh also! Mouse smoothing fix also removed in the config files.  Yay!"
76561198223374904,Not Recommended,578080,33814078,Posted: 26 July,all,Teesh 2.0,Dev's have made numerous public statements regarding the future of pay-to-access items within the game which are now being broken in order to introduce monetary transactions earlier. In-game rewards based on play-time are being removed in favor of paid transactions to access the same content. Currently exploring options for a refund and recommend others do as well.
,Not Recommended,578080,34199788,Posted: 12 August,all,HELP! csgolive.com,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs charging microtransactions.Low graphics > High graphics.Broken report system.Streamers and YouTube ""partners"" get priority features."
,Not Recommended,578080,33878551,Posted: 29 July,all,Elijen,"If you are not a big Twitch streamer or a YouTuber, don't buy this game. You will be treated like a s&*t by the developers/admins. I will review this game again after few months.Pros:- unique playstyle- most adrenaline I got out of any game ever- funny moments with random people (voice chat included)- relatively frequent patchesCons:- slightly repetitive after while- bugs, lags, not much content (yes, it's EA)- admins banning people without evidence- developers broke promise of finishing the game before microtransactions"
,Not Recommended,578080,31254600,Posted: 20 April,all,Mizu,"Before anything let me just say that the game is really fun. It really is. But fun =/= a purchase.-The game is buggy. Very buggy.-Optimization is horrible and seeing how the developers are ""fixing"" it, I don't believe it will improve much.-The price is ridiculous. 30$ is WAY more than what this game is offering.-Desync and other annoyences are all over the place. You shoot a guy point blank with a shotgun, blood comes out everywhere, he doesn't die and he 1 shots you with a pistol. Happens way too often.-Do not let the screenshots above make you think that this game is beautiful; its not. The game is unplayable with everything on ultra EVEN if you have an overkill PC like me.Not to mention that having shadows on super low actually gives you an advantage because you can see players from far away and inside buildings. Also turning foilage super low allows you to see people hiding in bushes.-You are banned from discussing cheaters (not cheats) in the forums. (Someone can't take criticism)-You wont be able to run the game at a consistant 60 FPS. You just wont. Some places are 10 fps, others are 90 but most of the time (if you have a high end PC) you will get 40-50 fps averege.But with all that being said, the game is fun. I like running around fighting the other players and trying to be the best and survive. Playing with friends is even funner. But after all of what I covered, this will have to be a negative review. I like this game but I wouldn't recommend it AT THE MOMENT. I will update this review if they fix the game.Too bad you can't ban people for posting reviews huh Bluehole?"
76561198011106102,Not Recommended,578080,33811545,Posted: 26 July,all,"Piotrek, Engineer of Design","Upcoming microtransactions in a game with a price tag.EDIT: And microtransactions have arrived.It has just become a Pay2Win title: you need to buy camouflaging equipment from the Market or you'll be at a huge disadvantage at the start of the match compared to the other players.Plus, items that camouflage better are more expensive."
,Not Recommended,578080,33685811,Posted: 20 July,all,Orgone Accumulator,"Run by oversensitive admins who ban people that defend themselves from teamkillers, on top of erratic and seemingly random load times and lag spikes that make the game simply unfun to play. Don't bother unless both the game and the people behind it get their♥♥♥♥♥♥straight."
76561198068840939,Not Recommended,578080,33819639,Posted: 26 July,all,Peakman,"""We're not doing monetization during early access, it'll be afterwards.""http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/297434/quotSkin_economy_is_a_good_thingquot_says_Playerunknowns_Battlegrounds_creator.php""As far as monetization is concerned, know that we eventually intend to give the player options to purchase cosmetic items only. However, until the game is out of Early Access, our development resources will be focused entirely on improving the Battle Royale game mode. Only then will we consider the addition of in-game purchases.""https://www.playbattlegrounds.com/news/22.pu""What were planning to do, is to add purchasable cosmetic items (like clothes/skins) via crates, this will allow us to create free DLC packs down the road."" Microtransactions are coming after Early Access.http://battlegrounds.gamepedia.com/Frequently_Asked_Questions_(FAQ)#Clothing:"
76561197970478486,Not Recommended,578080,33817445,Posted: 26 July,all,GR1MM,I do not recommend spending money on this game until Bluehole decides to revise their anti-consumer microtransaction plans.
,Not Recommended,578080,34004534,Posted: 3 August,all,Infinite Daps,Releases microtransactions for a game thats still broken. Quality...
,Recommended,578080,33540524,Posted: 14 July,all,Nick Gurrs,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░H1Z1░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░
,Recommended,578080,33753819,Posted: 23 July,all,w0ng,You ready?! Lets go!!!This is10% Luck20% Skill15% Concentrated power of will5% Pleasure50% PainAnd a 100% reason to exit to lobby and try again...
,Not Recommended,578080,30775141,Posted: 27 March,all,Britbong,"Chinese people are currently ruining the European servers with their awful ping, monkey chants of ""CHINA NUMA ONE"" due to the fact they are too stupid to click ""Asia"" when searching for servers.The developer reacts by banning you from the fourms if you mention this fact (all due to design flaws) and then tries to accuse you of ""racism""If you check Playerunknown he rarely hires white people and most of his dev team consists of asians, we hitting a little too close to home for you buddy, starting to think you might just hate white people.All this could be fixed with simple ping limiters which the hack developer does not seem to want to add to the game."
,Not Recommended,578080,34000771,Posted: 3 August,all,Triptez,"The game is fun and all but with microtransations that will turn into a CS:GO crate cash grab soon, it's really frustraiting. PUBG is going a step into the wrong direction with supposedly false bans, poor server performances recently, and random blackscreens/memory leaks. I would wait until they fix these issues."
,Recommended,578080,33418787,Posted: 9 July,all,Jarl Hamm,"You know, there's a lot of games that get a lot of hype.  Some of those games really just don't live up to expectations, and others - well, others go above and beyond.  PUBG is definitely a game that soars above expectations, and really delivers an amazing multiplayer experience.  PUBG really puts a new twist on shooter combat, and creates an intense drive for players to survive down to the last man.And yes, before you ask - there are single, duo, and 4 player ques available.  PUBG doesn't force you to play with random strangers if you don't WANT to play with random strangers - they even let you choose to only hear your squad's voicechat if you so wish!  There's also a ranking system, but instead of making the game more stressful it only drives the player to succeed.  You can approach the game with stealthy, slow tactics or just run in willy-nilly and try to take all the enemies down with you.This game offers a genuinely enjoyable multiplayer experience, whether you enjoy tactics or chaos, playing on your own or working on a team, FPS combat or third person shooter combat, playing casually or hardcore.Anyone who knows me well knows that I don't say this often, but - this game is totally worth paying full price for."
,Not Recommended,578080,35322622,Posted: 29 September,all,Noodles,"I watched a lot of Donut Operator playing PUBG and figured I'd give it a try.  My computer was pretty close to what the requirements were, so I figured I'd be fine.  But then they disabled some graphics features to speed the game up, which for me slowed it down greatly, so it's entirely unplayable.  I thought maybe they'd try to fix the performance, but it seems like they're doing everything but that.  I contacted Steam for a refund, and they're no help whatsoever!  So now I'm stuck with a game I can't play and can't return.If you don't have the latest gen hardware, avoid PUBG!"
,Not Recommended,578080,33808089,Posted: 26 July,all,0cu,Announced microtransactions.
76561198288708430,Not Recommended,578080,35445225,Posted: 3 October,all,Purkkamummo,"Unless you have a 2017 1000$ gaming pc, save the 30$. I can't believe its been like half a year and they still haven't optimized the game."
76561198109801641,Not Recommended,578080,33851785,Posted: 28 July,all,ɴᴇxɢᴇɴɪɴsᴀɴɪty,"This game was fine until they added Microtransactions under the guise of ""running a game tournament""As if their 5 million copies - **5,000,000 (Total copies sold) x 30$(Price each unit is sold for) = 150 MILLION (Total profit they are sitting on)** they got from sales couldnt cover it to begin with.And that promise made at the start, no Microtransactions- and in an early access game too, what a joke.Its got a negative review until they can fix this."
76561198188530919,Recommended,578080,32881257,Posted: 27 June,all,SShemp,> Enter the game> Say you'll win> Get good drops> Survive to top 30> Miss every shot> Get sniped by the most lucky person on earth> Regret playing> Close the game> Re-open> Repeat
,Not Recommended,578080,33796119,Posted: 25 July,all,Xelias,Early acces30€Key and Crate loots systemYou can have one.
,Not Recommended,578080,33656649,Posted: 19 July,all,SeveredFoot,"Very inconsistent play experience, but will be a great game if they are able to resolve the netcode / lag/ hit registration issues. Still far from being a fully functioning game though. Weekly updates don't always produce good results. Development teams seem more interested in making new content rather than addressing the core issues with the game. Also, the main dev is highly afraid of chest kicks and has little to no sense of humor or how to handle PR."
,Not Recommended,578080,33807219,Posted: 26 July,all,one pump master,"Apparently promises mean nothing to Bluehole and PlayerUnknown. They promised to not add micro transactions in early access and here we go, getting one of the worst crate systems out there. Great game, but devs are liars."
76561198117083584,Not Recommended,578080,33807285,Posted: 26 July,all,DuffmanX,Microtransactions in a payed early access game is where i draw the line.Dusgusting!
,Recommended,578080,32882338,Posted: 27 June,all,SWTT,Winner winner chicken dinner!
,Recommended,578080,33091216,Posted: 1 July,all,Takashi,Worth playing with your friends.
,Recommended,578080,31285895,Posted: 21 April,all,deranker,"This is subject to change since it is an Early Access review, but so far I am in love with this game. Years back I played tons of Arma and loved the idea of a battle royale. When H1Z1 announced that they would have it as an offical game mode I was stoked. But like many other Early Access games the developers Daybreak decided to destroy their creation by never patching issues, having barely any updates content wise, and trying to leech as much money as they could. When this game was first announced and I heard it was done by Player Unknown himself, I was excited but skeptical.Pros:+Great dev communication and tons of updates. This has been my favorite feature of PUBG so far, there are updates daily, weekly, and monthly which is paired with stellar dev posts.+Gunplay feels really refined already. Animations, bullet physics, weapons, attachments, etc all play really well and make the gun fights enjoyable.+Realism. Certain aspects such as ammo, armor, attachments, weapons all seem to have realism factored in which is a plus for me.+Matchmaking system actually works and is well polished in my opinion.+It's just fun, it fills the void of wanting a battle royale game. Finally devs decided to create a game with appeal and decide not to derail it for money.Cons:-Servers are not the greatest. There has been multiple instances of servers lagging really hard randomly, or games dropping all together. The latest update seemed to really touch on that though.-Circles and game speed. To me personally the zone moves too fast or does too much damage at times. I don't get too mad because I'm not really sure what a good solution would be to this but something ought to change.-FPS issues. This is probably the biggest one, but like all the other cons the devs seem to be addressing this as I type. The latest update, April 20th, boosted my FPS by 40 in some cases so I am optimistic.Overall this game fills the desire I've had for a Battle Royale / Survival type game, it has been years since a game has had me so addicted. That paired with the quality updates and comms PU has been puting out makes me extremely optimistic for the future of the game."
,Not Recommended,578080,31135800,Posted: 14 April,all,⚡ fatty bastard ⚡ TURKA,SERVERS ARE TOO BUSYCONNECTION CLOSEDSERVERS ARE TOO BUSYCONNECTION CLOSEDSERVERS ARE TOO BUSYCONNECTION CLOSED????????????????????________________Do not buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,578080,33813334,Posted: 26 July,all,TrevMizer,The early access faq states that they wouldn't add micro transactions until the game was released. Devs lied and now we have micro transactions.
,Not Recommended,578080,33859429,Posted: 28 July,all,pinepow,Bluehole screwed this game before it's final by doing microtransaction in Early Access!
,Recommended,578080,33278293,Posted: 5 July,all,jajaxd,hi (sry for my bad english)
76561198314335881,Not Recommended,578080,34393267,Posted: 21 August,all,C14r4nK1llB0y,"I have had this game for a few months now and was really enjoying it for the majority. But all of a sudden at least once or twice a game it will just randomly crash out of no where, and yes my pc is fully capable of running this game as it can easily run more strenuous games. This has only started happening after the recent updates and I am not the only one this is happening to as my friends and others in the reviews are having the same issue. This game feels like it has just been released again with loads of bugs and cheaters suddenly re-appearing. If you're thinking of buying this game now, I DO NOT recommend wasting your money now. The game has drastically gone down hill."
,Not Recommended,578080,34311791,Posted: 17 August,all,10 Inches,"game is great, company is♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont ask support for any help as they are as useful as a pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,578080,34355244,Posted: 19 August,all,TiWinnerRTZ,A developer who broke his promise of none microtransaction until full release is a developer who doesnt respect the community.
,Not Recommended,578080,34364263,Posted: 19 August,all,ravioli ravioli im a dragon loli,buildings and game dont load
,Not Recommended,578080,34385030,Posted: 20 August,all,Sour,"Been hearing a lot more recently about bans for ""Stream sniping"" or generally causing any annoyance or damage towards a player that might be streaming. Downside is the game is so popular that practically 1/4 of the playerbase is streaming at any given time. There is no way to know unless they are in your squad or tell you pre game. so its basically rolling the dice on a ban for playing the game as intended due to some people being ""Special"". At this point ive heard enough to worry that i may be banned for "" Harrasment"" for simply playing the game. not willing to reccomend this untill this large oversight is corrected and the risk of losing 30 bucks over nothing is gone."
76561198353271150,Not Recommended,578080,34406733,Posted: 21 August,all,mr_communist759,it will be fun they said it will not crash they said
76561198348463643,Not Recommended,578080,35211711,Posted: 25 September,all,Strat ( No mic ) cs.money,I want to play.....i cant play. So laggy.
,Not Recommended,578080,34356807,Posted: 19 August,all,Loqbega,"We're not doing monetization during early access, it'll be afterwards.""http://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/297434/quotSkin_economy_is_a_good_thingquot_says_Playerunknowns_Battlegrounds_creator.php""As far as monetization is concerned, know that we eventually intend to give the player options to purchase cosmetic items only. However, until the game is out of Early Access, our development resources will be focused entirely on improving the Battle Royale game mode. Only then will we consider the addition of in-game purchases.""https://www.playbattlegrounds.com/news/22.pu""What were planning to do, is to add purchasable cosmetic items (like clothes/skins) via crates, this will allow us to create free DLC packs down the road."" Microtransactions are coming after Early Access.""http://battlegrounds.gamepedia.com/Frequently_Asked_Questions_(FAQ)#Clothing"
,Recommended,578080,30714050,Posted: 24 March,all,ohmyremi,"I wasn't really a big fan of these BattleRoyale games, never felt that good playing them, but this game wow.The gunplay feels so good, it does not feel so arcade like H1z1..it feels like Arma 3 BR..it feels so good to spray down 3 player squad with 1 mag..The adrenaline that goes through you at the end it crazy..if you lose you feel like ♥♥♥♥ this game, i wont play this anymore...15 minutes later you are again near the submerged city, looking for gear and weapons..10/10 game, alot better than H1z1also the adding of First Person Servers is a good movewell worth the moneys"
76561197992674721,Recommended,578080,33456199,Posted: 11 July,all,DDD,"The game that took off all the triple A titles...Most played game on steam with CS go, playerbase is insane.Unreal engine 4 perfected, gameplay of tight ognons, allah ackbar screaming in the plane that gives me a heart attack.CULT"
76561198011131258,Not Recommended,578080,35445099,Posted: 3 October,all,Hydro,"This game was great at its beginning. Now, servers lagging like crazy, a lot of bugs unfixed and even removing the Jump-crouch the users found without given them an alternative supposedly beeing worked on LOL.This game has become a money grab type of gameSo sad...."
76561197980077824,Not Recommended,578080,35451927,Posted: 3 October,all,Seeker,"I took a break after FPP the afk abuse was ruining the squad game play. After 2 to 3 weeks I returned to PUBG but the game is massively bugged. I have lag spikes which are new, I die randomly from stones after beeing catapulted out of nowhere 30m high and dying from it. This games really needs some serious patches and the devs should stop wasting their energy on stupid skins or new maps. Fix the god damn game before implementing new stuff."
,Not Recommended,578080,35437253,Posted: 2 October,all,Biologique,♥♥♥♥♥Servers and Network lag. Unplayable
,Not Recommended,578080,33828195,Posted: 27 July,all,Syncretic,"Just say no to overpriced ""micro""transactions and sham virtual economies of artificial scarcity (the greed is genuine)."
,Not Recommended,578080,33787434,Posted: 25 July,all,CAELISTIX,"If you like this kind of game better play Last Man Standing FOR FREE. PUBG actually steals 30€ from your money for not even giving you the simplest options. The game has no field of view, no VSync, no FPS counter, no quickslots for items and many more things that are standard for almost every game. The game is lacking the most simple options like allowing the player to choose if he want to toggle or hold aiming and crouching. All of this are options provided by Last Man Standing as F2P Game. On top of that it's a lot easier to obtain skins and cosmetic items in a F2P game than in PUBGPUBG actually costs money and provides you just a buggy game full of cluttered inventory, frame drops and lack of options that should be standard for every shooter game in the universe, no matter how lazy the developers actually are. The only thing I liked about PUBG is that the map is actually really big and provides a lot variety which increases the fun for the player.UPDATE: At this point they added a FOV slider but also introduced microtransactions which make this review even more negative than it used to be."
76561198032516481,Recommended,578080,32743202,Posted: 24 June,all,CANCER KING,its ok
,Recommended,578080,30744376,Posted: 25 March,all,dest.,"I've never actually jumped on the whole ""battle royal"" train. It just didn't interest me enough and after everything that happened with H1Z1... Eh, I'll pass. But, tell me that the devs of TERA are working on this and there's no cute girls? Disappointed and interested.I AINT GOT TIME TO READ ALL OF THISCool, scroll towards the bottom. I got you.Take noteSince it is in early access, updates will get edits added to this review that will be listed at theBOTTOMof the review, as to not alter the current review. Once the game isRELEASEDthe overall review will be edited to reflect that.Please for the love of everything that is holy, keep in mind that this game is in early access. Complaining that your $400 laptop won't run an unoptimized game well enough is not a valid complaint towards a game. It's not. It's only valid if they don't deliver on the product. It just released as a product a couple days ago.OverallThis is my first trip in the battle royal genre, so I wasn't entirely sure what to expect. I'm thankfully fairly happy with what I did get. Spawn with 99 other people, listen to them spew obscenities, get thrown into a plane and then jump out of it to the island below. Once you land, do your best to run around and find equipment, including guns and armor, to help you survive against the other players that have also dropped in on this island. However, you will be forced to move closer to each other as a forcefield will slowly over time close in on the map. Don’t stand on the outside it though, otherwise you’ll die and that’d suck. Keep yourself inside the bubble and kill everyone that moves (unless it’s your friend) in an all out… battle royal or survival of the fittest or whatever you wanna call it. Prepare to be incredibly tense and hype when things go down.This game is entirely PvP and plays a lot better with friends, so if you don’t have a stable connection to play on, or are looking for something to play offline, this game is NOT for you. There is no story.HOLD UP. THIS IS EARLY ACCESSYeah, it is. Performance is hit and miss and I do feel like weapon variety can be improved.Going into what most people are looking for, I’ll talk about performance a bit.For reference, I'm running:CPUIntel i7 4790k @ 4.4GHzGPU1070 Founders EditionRAM16GB of DDR3 @1866MHzIn regards to storage, I played this off an SSD. Load times were around 10-15 seconds loading into the map initially. Perfectly acceptable.I’m running on average at around 45-60 FPS, unless I’m in a spot that has a lot of buildings. Then it can drop to around 20ish.IF THIS WERE A FINISHED PRODUCT, THIS WOULD BE UNNACEPTABLE, HOWEVER IT IS EARLY ACCESS. I HAVE AND WILL STRESS THIS ALWAYSWhile a whole lot of information hasn’t been provided, there are some steps that they have said they will take to help fix this performance.Basically, a lot of the performance issues have to do with a massive load on the CPU, and LOD (level of detail) being too high on buildings that are too far out in the distance. These are known issues across many, many video games and especially in the Unreal Engine. This is a totally fixable issue, and the team at Blue Hole has done this before with their previous titles.If you are having performance issues, at least for the time being, lowering your graphics options won’t help much if at all, simply because you will be running into a bottleneck issue with your CPU.Alright, soooo what's good about it?-All battles are incredibly tense. You have one life and you have to make it count, and a lot of the times the game does its best to make sure that you’re the one at fault for dying, and not an issue caused by the game, something that other games in this genre, or in the overall FPS genre as a whole seem to have.-The map is huge and easily provides enough room for the maximum 100 players to explore and gather enough equipment before attempting to engage other players. One of those things that’ll be hit and miss depending on how many people decide to jump out where and when, but it seems fair enough for the most part.-Despite what I’ll say below, the community for the most part isn’t full of a load of bums. That’s a huge bonus for making sure that you’ll be able to enjoy the game if you’re the first to die or not. Of course there are bad apples, but overall I’ve had a good time with them, and the randoms I’ve been paired up with have always been cooperative and fun. Keep it up guys.-The game and the people behind it are incredibly community driven. They are listening to what people are saying and fixing issues based on what people are saying. Another point that goes into this is that they do want to allow modding, and seeing as it runs Unreal Engine, the possibilities for modding in this game are HUGE. If added, this games lifespan would grow tenfold.Alright, soooo what's bad about it?-I think my main complaint right now is that hit registration from time to time does seem to be off. This could be because thousands of people are loading the servers right now, or that the servers potentially have a low tickrate. This is something that can be certainly fixed, especially if they do it along performance updates.- There are some problems with the way vehicles interact with the environment. There have been quite a few times where I’ve been driving and have hit something I can’t see, or tried to go up a hill that’s clearly climbable and ended up taking damage because of it. Possibly my fault, but I do believe a lot of it has to do with the fact vehicle suspension appears to ride too low.-This is iffy, but the community is always spewing out obscenities, and some people don’t like that. I don’t mind it, and have kind of come to appreciate it in a weird way. This will vary between person, I suppose. Don’t take it offensively, just laugh and perhaps talk some smack back.I AINT GOT TIME TO READ OR ""A CONCLUSION""Gather some friends and get ready for some fun. At the moment, it’ll be laggy for quite a few people, but in regards to a lot of the other early access titles out there, this one is quite complete. Be prepared to get upset when you get shot in the first five minutes of a match, and prepare to sweat for those times when you make it to the last ten and the play area is absolutely tiny. It’s all up to you to try and find the tools you need to survive, and put yourself in a spot where you can take control of any situation that is put in front of you. You’ll have a lot of quite time to explore the map and gather pieces to prepare for fire fights, but never EVER let your guard down, because danger can be around at any time. As my first journey into the battle royal genre, I’m incredibly happy with my $30 that I spent, and I imagine me and my buddies will be clocking many hours into this game.Seeing as I haven’t played any of the other games in the genre, I can’t say that this is more complete from experience in comparison to the other titles, but from what I’ve seen this seems the most functional and least frustrating. Blue Hole has a good amount of experience working on video games, mainly on the title TERA, and they have experience with the engine. If you’re unsure due to performance issues or anything right now, they claim to want to be out of EA within 6 months. You can wait.YO, GIMME A NUMBERStop wanting numbers off of reviews. Read some stuff on it, take a look at some videos. The best judge is yourself. If it looks interesting to you, you’ll probably enjoy it.DisclosureI paid for this game with my own money, played and streamed it on my own time with no obligation from me or the developer. Everything was on me."
,Recommended,578080,33442567,Posted: 10 July,all,Swappy [RB],"Just came here to say that all of you guys should dislike Jake Paul's cringy song ""It's Everyday Bro""By the way the game is good. You should buy it! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )"
,Not Recommended,578080,33807788,Posted: 26 July,all,lordwerneo,MT before the release? SHAME ON YOU PU.
76561198261376962,Not Recommended,578080,33847778,Posted: 27 July,all,Anakin Skyywalker,Just don't like the game.
,Recommended,578080,33333649,Posted: 6 July,all,jellyfishlion.dukk,"TL;DR - Game has a long way to go, but it's still awesome as-is and devs are working hard (and communicating well) to make steady progress. Very intense fun while alone, totally awesome with friends. Would absolutely recommend in current state.I'm thoroughly impressed with PUBG. I didn't have high expectations coming into it because it's an early access shooter (so I expected a lot of bugs and whatnot) but I've heard a lot of good things about it so I took the plunge. I think it's well worth every penny. I've had some serious adrenaline rushes playing solo, sitting in a bunker listening to enemy footseps outside, but I've also loved playing with friends in duos and squad mode. Nothing like army crawling up a hill next to your buddy while some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pounds lead into the hill around you but you're almost to the top and your heart is beating and oh there goes the guy over there, I'm gonna have a heart attack at this rate. :DPROS:- Runs decently without major bugs (for me, YMMV depending on your specs). Haven't had any problems besides the occasional weird bug and voice chat (see cons).- Gameplay feels juuuust right. Stages of the game (looting, moving, hunting players, etc) don't pass too quickly. You're given ample time to get going in the beginning and the gradual death wall progression keeps things exciting without forcing you to rush too much.- Variety of neat weapons, accessories, and armor. I like that you can't break down items (H1Z1) or otherwise destroy them for other players without taking them for yourself. You can't horde guns, helmets, etc. Helmets, vests, and backpacks are all one of three levels of increasing benefits. Loot seems appropriately generated, with high value items being fought over by many in the military base while secluded houses hold smaller guns (with the occasional treasure).- Vehicles, apart from a few quirks (the motorcycle does a backflip if you go to set it upright again???) seem surprisingly stable and easy to drive. It takes a few minutes to get a feel for it but if you've played GTA or something similar you'll probably agree that the controls feel natural.- A decent amount of customization items. Not much yet, but enough that you can have your own look. Most are super cheap on the marketplace, but you can get crates for currency (that you earn playing, no cash currency here thank god) that give items. I'd like more but it's hardly important, I'm just an online fashionista. I do like the fact that they make sense in the setting of the game, it's all rugged jackets and jeans and caps and stuff that fit the characters and their environment, nothing crazy like a clown mask or some♥♥♥♥♥♥- BattlEye seems to have been a very good choice for anti-cheat. I haven't encountered any (apparent) hackers yet and they seem to be banning those that do, according to forums and whatnot.CONS:- I can't get in-game voice chat to work. I disabled it after my first match (nothing but fools screaming profanities on the plane) and haven't been able to get it working on team only after that. I can't hear teammates and I can only speak for a few seconds before it cuts out. This is the only major bug I've encountered but no one I've talked to has had the same problem.- Being early access, the game isn't very optimized yet. I'm getting a pretty stable 60 fps on low settings but I encountered problems on high settings. It seems that only high-end builds are really able to run this to its fullest right now.- There's currently no replay or kill cam of any kind BUT THEY HAVE SAID THEY'RE WORKING ON IT. I'm eagerly awaiting that update because I feel like there's sometimes just no closure when you die. Some nerd on a hill can headshot you from meters away and you'll never know because you just fall over dead. I'll update this when they get it added though.- Could use some more content (additional maps, new weapons, etc) but that's all being worked on and added. Only even bothering to include this as a con because some folks might prefer to wait until there's more variety (I for one am happy as it is though, but to each their own). Go look at Player Unknown's Twitter (@PlayerUnknown) for info on what the devs have going. There's a new gun coming in the next month or so and they've got a desert map in the works."
,Not Recommended,578080,31395215,Posted: 27 April,all,Sib3riX,"First this is the best battle royale game on market. This is mix between ARMA & H1Z1. Game is optimized for Nvidia GPU at least i saw some benchamarks on internet. This game has less bugs then H1Z1 on release date, and also less laggy.  Im enjoying most of the time in this game but sometimes game will troll you with loot, red zones and blue zones. After all i want to mention this game had fastest fixes ive seen in early access game. Battlegrounds had 4-5 patches so far they manage to fix more fps and bug problems then H1Z1 (Daybrake) in 2 years. I hope this game wont go skin fiesta like H1Z1.For people that run older computers and still want to playFriend from my town is playing this game on intel i530 and gtx 750TI 2gb VRAM and running 45-60 fps on 1080p (this is with current patch but old patches and game he had like 10-20 fps). Also he has problem in big towns with this gpu because of rendering!I do recommend this game because its fun and awesome to play. This is not review just my opinon about game in current state.Update: 03/08/2017Microtransactions in early acess game like h1z1. They will focus on milking money insted of fixing♥♥♥♥♥♥in game. Same happend with h1z1 (skin fiesta people stopped playing etc...). Seems every company is doing what Valve does with csgo (slot machine in game). Big patch #4 is trash. Low fps, shity freezes, desync in game, server lags etc...I dont recommend this game for now. Stay away!"
76561198065685068,Recommended,578080,32626779,Posted: 21 June,all,ded,Lots of bugs still but the most fun I've had since my days in Ark.
76561198087419401,Recommended,578080,32867115,Posted: 27 June,all,☠HïT¢hÐZ™✔,"Really good game and has great potential,but Performance needs to improve."
,Not Recommended,578080,35353803,Posted: 30 September,all,viceversa,"Buggy mess with terrible performance in which you get banned for killing streamers.It's prone to crashingHas constant desync issuesPoorly optimised texture streaming puts you at a grave disadvantage if you play on an HDDGuns aren't handled correctlyVehicles are an utter messSounds are poorly balancedYou can get permanently locked in the environmentParachutes get stuck on the scenery and teleport you to your deathBullets don't travel through any length of waterRain is deafeningReload animations play but fail to reload weaponsTrees clip through buildingsIt doesn't even manage to load the lobby sometimesIt's been 27 (twenty seven) weeks of early access as of today and none of the issues described above have been addressed, while it implemented and sold real-money keys to open cosmetic crates. This clearly states the priorities Bluehole have in mind. They even have a history of banning players for ""stream-sniping"" without proof, while allowing streamers to record themselves using exploits.Now this company is threatening with ""legal action"" against its competition for ""replicating the experience for which PUBG is known"" as if they were the owners of the last-man-standing concept.The game isn't even fun."
76561198059412832,Not Recommended,578080,34195401,Posted: 12 August,all,暗闇フェニックス,"I guess that plate of glass door did have some ill effects after all.This game was fun and entertaining when I first got it but as time goes by and seeing how they have dealt with some of the situations made me regret purchasing it in the first place.Here are some of the reasons that I have stated as to why I do not recommend this game currently,there are more but they are rather trivial to me.First of all,Developer stated that microtransactions would only be implemented after Early Access and here we are microtransactions during Early Access.For the less intelligent people who stated that ""It is just cosmetics"" clearly have never taken a ghillie suit before because guess what? Ghillie suit is also a cosmetics item and who could vouch that none of the cosmetics items that they are currently selling would not have as much impact as having a ghillie suit in the future?They could even broke a simple promise and justify it by saying that they need to test it so who knows what they might do next?Secondly,Stream Snipers and Stream Honkers.Don't get me wrong,I do not support stream snipers and stream honkers but to ban them because some guy somewhere thought it was a good idea to let the whole world know what game he is playing and where he is currently seems rather stupid to me not to mention the fact that there maybe some innocent players are being accused of stream sniping and stream honking and getting banned because of it.You as a player put yourself in that situation so please do not whine about it.It is not as if somebody pointed a gun at your head and asked you to stream live I mean if that was the case please contact the police whenever possible.Last but not least,Hackers.Seeing as how they could afford the time to ban Stream Snipers,Stream Honkers and others you would have thought that they would have banned all if not most of the hackers yet there are still hackers freely hacking in the game which makes me wonder what do they place their priority on?ConclusionIn my opinion, most games get better and better after every single updates but for this game it is currently getting worse and worse after every single updates.This is my advice and you do not have to follow it just like players do not have to stream to play this game.For those that have already purchased the game my advice is to get those crates and sell them so you could get back the money you paid for this game and for those who have not gotten this game my advice is your money is worth more than this.There is a reason why the recent reviews is Mixed from Mostly Positive."
76561198141804992,Not Recommended,578080,34375266,Posted: 20 August,all,BlinkTool,great idea of a gamebut there is a lot of bugs and problems its not worth the money for now.
76561198023530787,Not Recommended,578080,34529575,Posted: 27 August,all,Mimosa,♥♥♥♥ing bugfest
,Not Recommended,578080,33862622,Posted: 28 July,all,Ranch Man,A few months in and already breaking promises. Looks like this is going to be just like every other Early Access game out there.
,Recommended,578080,31779532,Posted: 15 May,all,aka,"Seriously this game has a lot of potential, but please. I swear please get some good servers and make it easier to run cause my pc isn't a potato and I can't even dare putting it higher than low."
,Not Recommended,578080,33807670,Posted: 26 July,all,Hoii Brudi,"sad story: boxes will cost 2.50 after early access and i think this trend of having to puy for asthetics ingame is going into the wrong direction, that being sad, if they release the game and crates will cost real money i will uninstall this"
76561198313445620,Not Recommended,578080,35481243,Posted: 4 October,all,Shilts,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ rather add microtransactions than actually optimize the game
76561198160684004,Not Recommended,578080,35158995,Posted: 23 September,all,Geba,"Couldnt click on anything in main menu. includes, Play, home, character, rewards, statistics. Refreshed the UI a thousand times and could only get into a game if I clicked quick enough while it was loading. Even them, it puts me into AS Servers when I am in the EU. Its not worth paying 30 odd quid for a game that doesnt work. Severely Dissapointed to say the least."
,Recommended,578080,34222962,Posted: 13 August,all,youtube.com/djblyatman,The most realistic simulator of life in Ukraine 2017!
,Not Recommended,578080,34245010,Posted: 14 August,all,Exhausted,♥♥♥♥ing.Terrible.Disgusting.And currently missing thing.OPTIMIZATION.
76561197972165500,Not Recommended,578080,34246705,Posted: 14 August,all,Scarboni,"I like the game and the idea but there are so much problems with cheats, lagg, desync, hitbox mess and other stuff which makes me not recommend this game. Wait for it to be released and try it then is my recommmendations."
,Recommended,578080,34985201,Posted: 15 September,all,Corgi,Be prepared to Learn bad words in Chinese.
76561198398216435,Not Recommended,578080,34391273,Posted: 21 August,all,HOOVY,toooo many bugs and can not join wthiout falling 10 times
76561198013566626,Not Recommended,578080,34391314,Posted: 21 August,all,skidilydidily,Was on the fence about this game for ages.. finally bit the bullet and had te cash available to buy it.. jumped straight in to constant failed to initialise steam errors and just ISP browser screens ingame.. refunded after not even playing a round :(
76561198045731560,Not Recommended,578080,33911376,Posted: 30 July,all,assina24,Love the game - will change my review to positive when/if they remove paid content from an EARLY ACCESS GAME.
76561198001875849,Not Recommended,578080,33849693,Posted: 27 July,all,Roll4Net,"I went against my principles, when I bought this game in EA. At the time I did it, it looked like a good decision. Updates seemed thought out. Everything pointed to an EA done right.Everything changed, when microtransactions attacked.Serisouly. Implementing the most cynical gambling-like cashgrab, even though they promised it would not happen?Thanks for proving my principles right. Never touching another game in EA."
,Not Recommended,578080,35449912,Posted: 3 October,all,HijackeR,1-) Unprofessional developers .2-) They have sold more than 10 million copy and they still didn't add a middle east server what a lazy company .3-) My brothers from china have ads in this game that they paid for it .
76561198118538239,Not Recommended,578080,35263325,Posted: 28 September,all,TheCalmArtifact,I love this game. The gameplay is awesome. The immersive graphics make the game amazing. My only issue and why I can't recommend it just yet is it takes unbelievably long to render and i have to stand and wait for the game to render. I have a gaming pc myself so the game isn't fully optimized.Other than that I would recommend the game...
76561198354934877,Not Recommended,578080,35220110,Posted: 26 September,all,No0b3,♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,578080,34203326,Posted: 12 August,all,Mr.Robot?,"'We wont release microtransactions in early access'Edit: 5 days after releasing micro transactions the devs are now going to change there update schedule to maintain 'High standard of quality'. Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, dont spend you're money on this game till its released."
76561198010058064,Not Recommended,578080,33807690,Posted: 26 July,all,Babaghanoush,Do you want to pay $30 for a game and then continuously pay to get any sort of cosmetic item like CS:GO? Then buy it. Developers are breaking their promises and treating their community like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not recommend.
,Not Recommended,578080,34842335,Posted: 9 September,all,kaLED,"dont worry guys it's gonna die soon,Great ideaGreat GameIdiot Devs"
76561198400039178,Recommended,578080,33419562,Posted: 9 July,all,girl that gets bad bees,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,578080,30862818,Posted: 31 March,all,Dazed | TradeF1.com,This game is hella better than H1.
76561198018021388,Not Recommended,578080,35133294,Posted: 22 September,all,Mailus,"Take all the features from the usual survival and shooter games, and strip them down to its bare minimum. Then  make big Twitch streamers suck on the game's♥♥♥♥♥♥ and all the sudden its everyone's favourite game.If you're part of a herd, enjoy this poor excuse of a game."
76561198041405506,Not Recommended,578080,34244770,Posted: 14 August,all,rockittt,"PUBG... The game which everyone plays... because its popular.You start the game, get armed to the teeth full of weapons and armour.Meet someone, you die because of some BS...Rinse and repeat basically...The most fun you can have in this game is intentionally going to the popular areas in hope that youll get a shotgun (overpowerered compared to everything else) then just rush someone whos landed near you and hope for the best.Its way quicker to get points like that than to play the game properly cause its just a waste of time with most of it being you walking across the barren map as well as the wait times for the inevitable death and restart that youll be doing alot."
,Not Recommended,578080,35459925,Posted: 3 October,all,TheWildHunt,pure crap..waste of money... & the devs are like some streamers pet dog ~_~ banns innocent people without any reason ~_~ ... Bluehole more like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... stop making games & go eat streamers♥♥♥♥♥♥. steam should bann this developer & refund everyone from developers pocket ~_~
,Not Recommended,578080,35504894,Posted: 5 October,all,NoSignaL_,Hopefully a developer takes this idea and makes it actually good
76561197970251580,Not Recommended,578080,33815471,Posted: 26 July,all,Kool Herc,Microtransactions? Uninstalled. Shove this game up your a**. Hope you are happy with the 30 bucks you scammed me for.
,Not Recommended,578080,34661962,Posted: 1 September,all,Zyon,Not recommended in actual state.Crashes like every 30-40 Minutes and is unplayable.
,Recommended,578080,32001624,Posted: 27 May,all,Classydog,It's not H1Z1.
,Not Recommended,578080,33812872,Posted: 26 July,all,Moii~Celst,"Really unhappy with the direction this game is going.PlayerUnknown said there wouldn't be any tournaments until it came out of EA. Yet here they are using the crate money to fund a tournament.He said there would be no micro-transactions until it came out of EA, but here he is adding one that is limited time only. Which means if you don't pay for it during the few weeks it's available you won't be able to get it.They've pushed the launch back and moved the micro-transactions forward. This is exactly the opposite of what PU claimed he was going to do and everyone seems to be cheering it on.No free crates in the future:https://i.redd.it/z7sjytczirbz.pngThey believe the CSGO model is the best for them:https://puu.sh/wTsPw/13b3a89981.pngI can't support this game any more if this will be their model and it just goes to show they care less about putting the game out and meeting their promises and more about lining their pockets. It's completely anti-consumer. It's not an issue of ""being affected"" by it. It's an issue of ""I want this, and the way they're trying to sell it to me is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"". I know some of you play games like CSGO or whatever and think a system like this is reasonable because you're used to it, but it's not."
,Not Recommended,578080,33829248,Posted: 27 July,all,MR.SILVERSTRIKE,1) Say no to microtransactions in an early access game.2) Performance is also a mess.Would recommend against this!
13102279401996415,Not Recommended,578080,34161796,Posted: 10 August,all,P-01s,这游戏不好玩，优化真的很差，人物动作给我感觉特别的别扭，对比下发现全境的第3人称真心很流畅一个人玩就是跑图模拟器，当然输了也没什么感觉，这游戏给人挫败感很小，主播们拿来吹笔聊天倒是不错，自己玩就无感了10分给个3分差不多
,Not Recommended,578080,35378360,Posted: 1 October,all,csgonoobsicle,its trash
76561198258929285,Recommended,578080,34687772,Posted: 2 September,all,Ahmed Ridha,Fun game to play in my opinion this game is better than H1Z1 King Of The HillThe weapons are good and you can use first person or third personVery Fun PVP game
,Not Recommended,578080,33992944,Posted: 3 August,all,CptDavePilm,"dont know what you did to the game this update, but it is really laggy.... its unplayable"
,Not Recommended,578080,34121727,Posted: 9 August,all,Bee Thousand,Paid skins in an early access game. Priority is on making money over fixing the game.
76561198006078174,Not Recommended,578080,33994716,Posted: 3 August,all,Martin_MA,This is worst move what you could do. Add micro transaction before you release game.FIX BUGS AND LAGS FIRST THEN ADD MICRO TRANSACTION.
,Not Recommended,578080,33830482,Posted: 27 July,all,RIP ASHI DAMMIT,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥y o ua n dy o u rm i c r ot r a n s a c t i o n s
,Recommended,578080,30695461,Posted: 23 March,all,C4-di La Forge,"Running around in game.Get to about 30 players left.Hide in house as arena tightens up.Decide to equip new holo sight.Look through sight.""Aw yeah""Guns Dissappears.""Oh no""All guns dissappear.""Oh god""Can't switch guns, just see empyt hands.Try to look ADS, see pelvis.  ""That is a nice pelvis you got there, but I want to play.""Give up on guns, try doors, maybe grab new gun fixes problem?Can't open doors to house.Lock inside hidey hole.(Welp this is my tomb)Hear footsteps outside.""HEY!  If you come here and open the door, I'll let you kill me for free stuff!""No response.(Well♥♥♥♥♥♥Probably lagged out.End up having to quit out of a game I'll never know the result of.Still fun though, I'd reccomend"
76561198040914117,Not Recommended,578080,35115879,Posted: 21 September,all,Schmeckles,Bad optimizationBad GraphicsBad DevBad RNG1 Map1 game typeNo progressionMicro Transactions
76561198041294400,Not Recommended,578080,34851898,Posted: 9 September,all,Germankittens,"I have put almost 300 hours into this game and I absolutely can not recommend it for a variety of reasons:1. Absolute early access hell. I bought this game right when it came out and the devs constantly showed their lack of interest in the playerbase after they got their money. Horrible server desync, horrible policies, abandoning update schedules and most of all: developing consoles versions of a game that is is EARLY ACCESS for PC players.2. Garbage policies. I have won MANY games: the majority are screenshotted on my profile) but I am by no means a good player. I play with the same group of 3 other people EVERY night and I am far from the best, but I was greeted on the 9th of September with a YOU ARE BANNED message. Other than being not good at the game, I play with >5 Mb/s down, which is purely a detriment to me as I often lag beyond the point of playing(not the game's fault). It is almost like they just ban everyone that has been reported, which leads me to my next point.3. The community is garbage. The streamers (Stonemountain, etc) are whiny, unfunny losers who whine and complain when things don't go their way. It got to the point where players would honk the horns of their vehicles around streamers and the would get banned for ""Stream sniping"",even though there is no way to tell a non-teammate's identity without killing them. This is an absolutely ridiculous policy. If you don't want people coming and trying to bring some comedy to your unfunny stream with a disproportionate amount of players viewing; don't stream. And if that means you stop collecting your NEETbucks and go get a job, that is just how it is. Don't get me wrong ,there are a lot of talented and funny streamers but the fact that their complaining can ruin the experience(IE ban) other players that have no idea what is going on is ludicris.4. Balance is an issue. The loot spawns are incredibly disproportionate and there becomes a point--like in several Battle Royale games-- where the RNG completely takes away skill or lack thereof. I have landed in places like Tunnels(shelter), Crater(prison) and gotten 0 weapons or armor but one person that enters a small shack gets a Kar98k and headshots both me and my partner. No developers actually seem to be interacting with the loot balance in a positive way, instead choosing to add weapons to airdrops like the Groza, which differ very mildy from other more common weapons.5. Vehicle movement is glitchy and annoying. I can't stress how many times that my team and I have been driving through the ""hand modelled"" fields outside of pochinki and had our UAZ(jeep like vehicle) completely tip over and injure all of us. This sometimes even costed us a match we had a likelyhood to win. The best solution to make a only the most logical response to tipping a military vehicle: throw a frag grenade at it and get in AFTER the esplosion so that the car can magically tip itself over again; damaged but driveable.These issues are only scraping the top of the barrel with the issues with this game. I imagine I will get several responses stating to ""leave the game alone, it is in early access"" but to that I say this: Early access is a scam. With the exeption of a few absolute gems, it has been nothing other then a cheap scheme where ""optimistic"" developers cash on on the hype for the game, and then slowely fade away into obscurity leaving the game to die. Despite what PLAYERUNKNOWN says, the have already abandoned some of their schedules for much needed updates and fixes that would make the game playable. but instead, they choose to develope console versions, ban innocent players and act like they anything other than stealing the money for a project that will likely never come to a finish as the playerbase reaches 1 million people that jumped on a hype train. It was fun at times, but this ban and all of the garbage the push on the playerbase is completely unacceptable, and if I could get a refund I would in a heartbeat.edit: I am currently unbanned. My review will still remain negative. The fun I had and the hours I put into thius game outside of the first month or so were with friends. The enjoyment I had was not really because of the game, but the people  i was with. This game CAN be fun, I never said it couldn't, I simply stated the way things are from the point of view of someone who has actually put enough time into the game to have well rounded opinion. If you are with friends and want to kill people go for it, this might be a decent game for you."
76561198019516606,Not Recommended,578080,35116266,Posted: 21 September,all,★Vincent,"ESports ready game. Haha. Suck my balls. A gaYme based on luck is never gonna be a sport. Buting new guns and skins in is not gonna improve the game. In a few months its gonna be the same crap like H1Z1. But H1Z1 is performing outstanding against this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.May I gonna change my opinion if its released and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is improved, but right now don t buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ it s gonna hurt your stomach.ESports should stay skill based. Please keep that in mind.Pros without a gun will not win against an amateur with a gun.Even on servers which u should have a nice ping, u are getting shot after peeking behind walls.E Sports READY.Imagine this happens in CS GO.GARBAGE"
,Not Recommended,578080,34852073,Posted: 9 September,all,Kyle from NZ,"- Developers banning people for ""stream-sniping"" is disgusting- Developers banning people for completely justified friendly-fire is disgusting- Developers banning people for ""exploits"" in an early access game is disgusting- There's still an enormous number of gamebreaking bugs- Overall gameplay still feels incredibly clunky- Get banned for  honking the horn at streamers is incomprehensibleF*ck the developers and Fu*k THIS GAME"
76561197986046789,Recommended,578080,32663076,Posted: 22 June,all,Gungnir,"At first play I had epic low fps. i5 6600k 32GbTweaked the settings and got 100fps in lobby, then dropped off to 10-12 during gameplay. Managed to get 21st by E and E tactics but alas.... 1 k in 10 games...Feedback for devs."
,Recommended,578080,33390620,Posted: 8 July,all,Anti,"It's a thrilling 33min loot & shoot brawl.Go it alone, or drop into the hotzone as a squad of four.Expect many early chases around towns with a pistol and a fistful of bullets.Over time you'll figure out your favourite guns and attachments.Curves and scars in the terrain will become ettched into your memory from past skirmishes.You will die, but you will know what to do next timeFavourite hidden locations to land & loot will be discovered.Youwilldie due to your poor driving skills (more often than you'll admit).Yet you'll go another round,always chasing that sweet,succulent,Chicken Dinner."
,Recommended,578080,32872024,Posted: 27 June,all,Heartbeat94,Hope this game goes on and have a great community
,Not Recommended,578080,33807922,Posted: 26 July,all,BigTasty,"This is a very fun game. Playing with friends if an absolute blast. The game isn't without its frustrations (mostly bugs and RNG), but it seems as if it may make it out of Early Access as a pretty good product.The reason my review is negative is because the developers are going back on their word with crates and keys. Additionally, cheating is starting to become a real concern. Finally, the community management has been shoddy as of late in regards to the bans and public relations associated with that.I hope they can get back on track and work on addressing these issues before the community moves on to the next big thing."
76561198208055791,Recommended,578080,32073864,Posted: 30 May,all,Zeus,"To be 100% clear i have not had much experience with other games of this sort (Battle Royal) i have played a couple on my own computer and have played others such as H1Z1 King of the Kill on other peoples computers. My specs are listed on my account if needed to base any kind of counter argument or if needed to see what computer i have to get the frames i do get. This game has many pros and cons but personaly i believe the Pros out weigh the cons. At the time of this keep in mind i have only played 42hrs on PUBG.Pros:1-The loot seems to be very balanced and people who land in high populated areas are rewarded by better loot but those who go to low populated areas can still get loot but are usually less equiped than someone who landed in a high populated area.(Example: Gatka-Low     George Pool-High)2- Gun fights generally are very fun and dynamic depending on where you land gives you a different kind of gunfight so if you land in Mylta you may get in a roof to roof fight or a close range shotgun fight but if you land in the Gatka you may find your self fighting through water.3-Driving although can be improved my a more fluid and quicker turning and reversing is very fun and hanging out the sisde of your car you shoot someone is badass.4-Gun balancing is very good and most of the time what gun you use it completly down to preference so if you dont like using the Kar 98 you could use an M416 or the SCAR and all the guns aside from the VSS feel like they're in a good place.5-The map is amazing and offers so many different ways to get around the map, different settings, different kinds of loot and gunfights as i explained earlier.6-This game is also very good to play with other people as you get more kills than usual and you also from my experience get better loot than you would if you were alone.Cons:1- Although it has only happened to me once i have lost connection to servers and have DC in a gunifght i was going to win. This was frustrating but it was at the start of the game so im not to bothered. I will also like to point out many problems that i have had with the game happen in the begining and as the game gets on any problems i had usually are gone and i can enjoy the rest of the game bug free.2-This may be a minor detail but i would still like to point it out, there is a rain glich (if you dont know what this is its is a bug in which a player cannot hear the rain and everyone else can that means he can hear footsteps others cannot and is so broken and OP many stermers such as Cohh play music so their sound is also limited.3-This is where Pc specs may come into thingsas my computer isnt some kind of watercooled beast, no too often i would say 1 in 5 games i will spawn im parachute to where i want too go and my buildings look like something from that scene in  Cat in the hat where they ride Mrs.Quan down the slide. They morph and i am unable to get inside of them which sometimes leaves me DEAD.4- Meds need to be a little bit more common in less populated areas this isnt a huge issue but i go to kahki quite often and me and a parnter will loot the entire thing and come out with 1 first aid and bandages thats it.5- This game is very campy and boring in solo. If you want to run around and get loads of kills this game is not for you unless you're very skilled and know alot about the game. Solo is full of people camping buildings and waiting for you to run into their little trap before they blast you in the head with a shotgun. If you play by yourself and want torun around and get loads of kills i would recomend H1Z1 King Of The Kill as it is way more fast pace and there is also 150people on the map.(Yes i do know H1Z1 has its problems and DayBreak are lazy)In conclution the only big thing to complain about are people who are to afraid to get into gun fights in solo and some connection issues. I recomend this game highly and although a bit expensive is worth it if you have the time to play it.Probably wont get read but i got bored and wanted something to do."
76561197962095784,Recommended,578080,33139621,Posted: 2 July,all,Mqrk,Decent for a laugh and time killer. Much better than H1Z1
,Recommended,578080,32720984,Posted: 24 June,all,OkGG,"This game is really a breath of fresh air into the battle royale genre, although you may have heard the rumors of lag, bad servers, and overall terrible optimization.. You can still play the game on a decent rig. Especially considering that the game is in early access and it seems like the devs are invested into releasing updates, the game is worth it.Finally, this game can be very rage enducing, but the satisfaction of getting better and improving is what makes this game so good."
,Recommended,578080,30749664,Posted: 26 March,all,JayJew,"Feels like a solid combination of The Culling, DayZ, and H1Z1."
,Recommended,578080,32225183,Posted: 6 June,all,FloweRZ_🌸| KYS,Okay lets see... i left negative review on this game month ago ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how poorly it performed and how bad my FPS was so i decided to write new review becouse game got quite few updates with alot of fixes back in the days i had GTX 960 and i was getting 40 FPS on medium - low graphics with i5-4440 and 8 Gb of ram after that they released quite few of updates with fixes and olso i upgraded videocard GTX980 TI and ram to 16 and i must say it runs perfectly server lag issues were fixed in last patch and finally i can reccomend this game skill cap is quite big and gameplay is interesting in general its far more batter than H1Z1 and map is enjoyable too so ill give this game overall 9/10 hopefully creators will release more content for this game to keep it alive as long as possible definetly
76561197997481497,Not Recommended,578080,34355739,Posted: 19 August,all,Woned,Take my word for it as someone who has played 1000+ hours - DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE READY TO BE BANNED AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON AND GIVEN NO EVIDENCE AFTER APPEALING.As you can probably tell from the many reviews here the devs and support team have gone crazy.  They are banning players for the most rediculous reasons in what I am beginning to believe is an attempt to generate more revenue.I got the honour of being banned for 'hacking'.  Looks like Bluehole's 2 month anti-cheat team/software has outdone VACs 10+ year team/system and 'caught' me.  I did not hack and they will not provide me with any evidence for me to refute.  Every appeal is now being ignored.  They are moderating my content on their forums so I cannot post publicly.  They are working with pubg discord admins and banning anyone who goes on there and tries to raise awareness of these issues.Along with all of this ludicrous behaviour there are also still numerous game breaking glitches that happen frequently.1. Buildings not loading - being able to see and shoot through them in ~5% of games2. Car physics are straight up broken - you'll just randomly explode if you touch something the wrong way3. There are numerous ways to glitch and get yourself into positions where you can see under the map.  If you already bought the game try flipping a boat over with the jeep - get in the boat - Tada you can now see and shoot under the map and anyone within your viewable distance.The game is broken - the devs are broken - the support team is broken - and they care not for the players - just the $$$.Save your $30 for something else.
,Recommended,578080,34483314,Posted: 25 August,all,Arteken,"PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDSMy review for this game in early access.So this is a battleroyale game. A match consists a game that has 100 plaers in it. You spawn in a plane with other people and then you have to jump to the playable area. Then it is time to get some loot, find guns etc. to help you survive. You then have to kill other players of course and try to survive a red area, that has explosions in it. It is random where it spawns. You have to slowly go to the marked area where all players that are still alive will go and that area is slowly going smaller. Also there is drops in the game from a plane. Thats the idea of this game.For me its really fun with friends mostly. You can play this as solo, duo or with 2 or 3 friends. It takes some time for you to get in to this game if you have never played a game similar to this, but it did not took me that long. Shooting works well and you need some skill with it.  Sounds are really good and realistick.  Physics could be better, but I assume they will make everything better as time goes by. Gameplay in nutshel is really good at this point, will be better of course. There is bugs, it is only early access, but bugs I have met are small nothing to ruin the game experience that bad. Some bugs are pretty bad, but some actually funny.The game is also cheap for a game like this. In game items are also nice and the thing that you can open them by just playing the game is really amazing.For me this game runs really well on mid-tier settings, you really do not need those high graphics at my opinion. I get usually around 100fps on my mid-tier settings. I have i5 and 1050ti strix gaming inside my computer.Thank you for reading my review and have a good day! :)So my grade for this game as it is now 9,5/10!"
,Recommended,578080,30755998,Posted: 26 March,all,skrub,"The best battle royale game out there now.The only major cons at the moment is just performance issues, interaction lag and some buildings dont spawn straight away.If your not sure on whether you should buy it full price or get it on sale, both options would be worth the money."
76561198041767296,Not Recommended,578080,34270221,Posted: 15 August,all,UKite,"In its current state is next to being unplayable. I cannot recommend this game because of overwhelming number of gamebreaking bugs (textures not loading, being constantly stuck in walls/floors etc.) Maybe one day this game will get out of Early Access and all bugs will be fixed. But not today."
,Not Recommended,578080,31761885,Posted: 14 May,all,Erd Tird Mans :3,"Has extremely high potential and can be uproariously fun, but between horrendous lag, random crashing when it tries to go back to the main screen, memory leaks, and lots of unfinished content, I can in no way recommend this game at this stage at this price. Let's get super basic: the weapons aim a little bit differently than most games. Since most matches are 10 minutes of nothing and 2 seconds of combat, you will have no opportunity to get used to it. Shooting range? Nope. Practice server? Nope. I know this is early access, but if you want to charge $30, there are some pretty basic elements you should have in place.They're planning to add a shooting range along with a bunch more maps, guns, etc. but that worries me even more. The game is full of bugs and framerate issues and they want to introduce more stuff? Walk before you run guys"
,Recommended,578080,30799324,Posted: 28 March,all,Fred the dog,"At first I found it a bit weak, and I thought it was over-rated. But something kept my interest in playing, i coudln't exactly tell what or why.Now after a couple of hours I'm IN LOVE with this game, it's very well made so far, the gun combat is just perfect if you ask me. The overal quality-of-live is amazing too, the devs though alot of thing through.Perfromance wise it really needs some hard optimization. Apart from that it's defenitly worth 30$Keep it up devs!!"
76561198105071082,Not Recommended,578080,33806715,Posted: 26 July,all,Palpatine,"Released paid for items before releasing the game, scumbags"
,Not Recommended,578080,34979566,Posted: 15 September,all,[DJ] Pope Francis,"Let's get the bad things first:-Very bad game optimizationYou have a Core i5-7600K and GTX 1060 + 16GB of DDR4 RAM?Too bad you can only run it on low settings! Lots of triple A titles runfine on my rig and this is the first time a game made my system freeze.-Parachute as way of spawning is tiresomeI'd rather have a random spawn point free of other players within a coupleof metres instead of watching the whole parachute sequence (which sometimesmakes my system freeze even on the lowest settings).Aside from those I pointed out, the gameplay and overall theme are great!But I might hold off giving this game a thumbs-up until the issues I pointed outare resolved."
76561197988464758,Not Recommended,578080,34020041,Posted: 4 August,all,Jungle,"PUBG has made at least $100 million from sales (nearly $200m if all sold at $30) and they are going back on their word on waiting to introduce further monetization until full release. Judging by the last patch released and the whole ordeal with banning Dr.Disrespect and teamkillers i dont think much money is being put back into the game's development and management. Its a shame really, this game has huge potential."
,Not Recommended,578080,34524564,Posted: 27 August,all,pRosta,"""I did not hit her, it's not true! It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! I did not hit her! I did NOT. Oh hi, Mark.""This game is so gamy, as this film is so filmy."
76561198056053679,Not Recommended,578080,35341141,Posted: 30 September,all,mº,"Optimization still sucks after 6 months: the game lags even on high-end machines and medium settings.Lately there have been a lot of server problems that shouldn't exist at this stage, since the game is already very popular.It almost seems like as the developers don't care to fix the servers or optimization, but prefer to add weapons and features that nobody actually wants.Fun game to play although optimization and server problems ruin the experience."
76561198057082590,Not Recommended,578080,33867658,Posted: 28 July,all,jkaspar19,"These devs are trash at PR and treating the player base fair. The ""guilty until proven innocent ban policy is utter garbage."
76561197983011139,Not Recommended,578080,34278886,Posted: 16 August,all,Geekyeek,"Loved the game it was still playable a few weeks ago, now I just pray that I die before my game crashes"
76561198061575502,Recommended,578080,31253051,Posted: 20 April,all,shoe polisher,This game gave me new hope in the year of 2016+1. You are able to be anyone and i chose to be marauder in poe. I get to master in shoot gun after being ubered into island with many land. You drive can like you drive women crazy with your insane survival skills but someone make it to top 10 using strategic hide and seek steps towards becoming Taiwan number 1.
,Recommended,578080,31414707,Posted: 28 April,all,Ircghost,"I have bought it after seeing some action on Reddit, and it seemed solid. I have played Arma 3 KoH and DayZ in the early days, so I have some items to compare it to.I will be honest, I have had 5 crashes in the last 9 hours, but it is in early access so that is to be expected. That being said, for such an early access game it works really well. The gameplay with looting and moving to new zones works pretty well. I wouldn't say it is perfect, but a lot of items are good.Yesterday in a squad we went gunblazing from a car behind another squad in a car dodging trees and houses. Awesome. Actually all sessions are good and based on being rushed or not you can have a new gameplay experience everytime.Pros:- Nice map- Looting is pretty balanced- Shooting feels genuine- Weather effects are niceCons:- Car physics are a bit wonky- Both 3rd and 1st person. Would like to filter on rules set- blood cloud makes it too easy to see if you hit someoneEarly access cons:- You need a strong pc to run this smoothely- Fires will decrease FPS a lot"
,Not Recommended,578080,33834196,Posted: 27 July,all,PS4 gamer 07,"1/3 of the games i play most of the houses are just muddy textures and i cant go in them. the client also is buggy as hell and often just says ''error in matchmaking''. the driving physics also are completly♥♥♥♥♥and sometimes it can flip your whole car when you hit a pebble.don't do the same mistake i did and trust another early access dev because this game is just a big steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥pile of bugs and now that the devs have sold this many copies they most likely will just focus on bringing micro-transactions into this game or just completly abandon it like every other early access dev.pc specs are:-i7-4790k-nvidia gtx 980-8gb ramand so on, so i think i have a relatively good pc and should have no problems with this game in terms of perfomance"
76561198334540758,Not Recommended,578080,35247242,Posted: 27 September,all,ambercurley666,"This game is literally the laggiest game I have ever played! I don't know about the processing requirements of this game, but besides that, my PC fits all the requirements, yet this game is too slow to play. I have tried for over 3 weeks to get it to work and over 9 hours of gameplay (probably incorrect) to fix it but no such luck. I feel I have wasted my money on this game."
,Not Recommended,578080,35249959,Posted: 27 September,all,NjoyTommyGun,"I never write Reviews but this game made me do it!Was Fun at the beginning, but after almost 200h its just frustrating how broken the game still is, hit registration sucks performance sucks (running a ryzen 1800x 4ghz, 16gb ddr4 ram 3000mhz, gtx 1080) game still crashes cause of ram issues, game movements feels spongy and there is huge input lag and i dont think that a broken hit registration can be fixed at all that will propably just stay like this -remember Battlefield 3?4? even 1 still has it and this game is even worse at that, stick a shotgun right in a guys face nope not hit- shot a guy twice with a shotgun blood everywhere nope you didnt hit but you get downed by one shot even with better gear, run arround a corner or in a house while getting shot at still get downed behind cover, they allow people to use 3rd party programs such as reshade to spot people easier without consequences, but banning people that supposedly ""stream sniped"" without any proof (i gladly didnt had that problem yet) maybe just make a server for streamers only then?This game just gets boring super fast, even a new map will not change much."
,Not Recommended,578080,35211614,Posted: 25 September,all,10k,needs lag fix and alot more
,Not Recommended,578080,35431007,Posted: 2 October,all,1960s toaster,Cool ads bro
,Not Recommended,578080,35423677,Posted: 2 October,all,SpeZz,>Get chased down by 3 people in squads.>Evade most of them>Spot the third>Shoot him 3 times in the chest with a micro uzi>He runs to the bathroom to reload his ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mini 14 AND HE HAS NO HELMET>I GET INTO THE BATHROOM AFTER HIM>SHOOT HIM IN THE HEAD WITH A SHOTGUN>THE SHOT DIDNT REGISTER>HE KILLS ME INSTANTLY AND LIVESgud gaym 10/10 ♥♥♥♥ yall NA mofos
87345789548974505,Not Recommended,578080,35489980,Posted: 5 October,all,[S]tick,"LAGGY, FULL OF DSYNC AND GLITCHES. Would be a good game if it was stable. too much to fix before releash. All the patchs fix stupid things instead of making the game playable"
76561198092452953,Not Recommended,578080,35217438,Posted: 26 September,all,MonkishPilot,Love the game but there are many bugs developers still need to fix and those bugs are what ruin the game
76561198005948209,Not Recommended,578080,35490446,Posted: 5 October,all,Jokerofdeception,"The game is addictingly fun but issues need to be worked on first.Hit registry is pretty bad. (you still have to shoot someone twice with a shotgun from 10 feet away)You cannot hear the vehicles coming at you until it is almost too late to dodge them.Squad play ALWAYS places me with people who dont speak english and they always stay outside the blue zone and suicide... I don't understand it....You should not be told when you knock out a player, you should only get visual ques because too often players know they knock you out and just run up to you wherever you were and kill you.When in a squad and you get killed you can still talk to your team and tell them where the enemy is. This is a blatant cheat and it is unfair. Apon death players team chat should be shut off right away.When dropping from parachute there is nobody around absolutely nobody falling to the ground or falling with me and within ten seconds of landing and going in the building someone fully kitted blows me away. There has to be a glitch that doesnt show some players fall from the sky.There are hackers in the game, a guy with a handgun blew out all three of my fully kitted team somehow from jumping around us shooting, and someone headshot me with an uzi from like 200 yards magically throught a window so idk....."
76561198073288681,Not Recommended,578080,35489978,Posted: 5 October,all,DirtyOldNick,Was good fun until the hackers showed up..............
76561198044478803,Not Recommended,578080,35503285,Posted: 5 October,all,Quintus,"This game can be fun. Don't get me wrong, I have over 300 hours on it, and I've enjoyed it. I have to say for now, I don't recommend it. The problem for me is that this one map is getting old, but even more than that, the hackers are getting out of control. The leaderboards are full of Wg_qun-xxxxxxxx (or some variation), I've been headshot more and more often by one of these kinds of accounts while watching 3-4 others die within seconds of me all from headshots, all from the same guy. It's obvious, it's getting worse, and in a game where you spend 15+ minutes looting and only get one chance per match, I don't want to waste that time just to die to some Chinese aimbot account.I can live with the bugs, I can live with the single map for now, I can even live with the server issues and continually having the asian server selected after every match even though I'm in North America, but the hacking is rampant, and obvious, and really just ruins the game for me.I know this is early access, and I hope they will do something about it, but this is a problem with every shooter i've played, and as long as people are paying for access to these hacks, they're not going to stop. It shouldn't be that hard to spot them with their 40+ k/d ratios and thousands of headshots in under 100 matches. Maybe start banning these guys instead of people streamers complain about? Just a thought."
,Not Recommended,578080,35423372,Posted: 2 October,all,SuperKillJuul,"Dont think you can own a game genre BlueHole, especially one you didn't started.Fortnite > PUBG"
,Not Recommended,578080,33809668,Posted: 26 July,all,Purplefalcon,Devs went back on their promise of no microtransactions during early access .. Company is losing my trust
76561198316848643,Not Recommended,578080,35452458,Posted: 3 October,all,sss,"What an absolute piece of crap of a game, campers paradise, buggy as hell, terrible control and player combat. utter rubbish."
,Not Recommended,578080,35431290,Posted: 2 October,all,Yung $carecrow,"Look at my playtime, I am addicted to this game, but the lack of awareness and ability by the devs is pathetic. This game will never get fixed, because if it was going to be fixed, it would have by now. Consistent lies by the devs about their future promises make me feel like this game has hit its peak and it will go down hill from here. We will be playing a triple A developer battle royale this time next year that is polished."
76561197984611079,Not Recommended,578080,35433075,Posted: 2 October,all,Deicide Chaos,"For an game that is grounds itself with casual gameplay, it takes itself way too serious. There are no real rewards for playing, no leveling or xp to play for, then why with such harsh punishments?Good luck not trying to get yourself banned for idiotic and unfair reasons."
,Not Recommended,578080,35453531,Posted: 3 October,all,U2U93,> Poor optimization> Unstable connection> Several glitches (especially when driving vehicles)> And vaulting system?Conclusion: Overrated game
,Recommended,578080,33342926,Posted: 7 July,all,CJ HUNTER,I only bought it to drive the Dacia.
,Recommended,578080,31388553,Posted: 26 April,all,Ironstate,"The game is very fun and it feels very balanced. Although I don't recommend buying the game unless you have a decent computer.Pros:-Combat and gunplay is great.-Gun customization.-Deep gameplay.-A lot of pontential.-The best battle-royale out there even with its issues.Cons:-The biggest issue is that it doesn't run very well. The game still has memory leak issues.-Hitboxes seem to be pretty bad.-Short range combat feels kinda odd. In one case 2 shotgun hits to the chest doesn't do anything and in the other case 1 clear shotgun hit to the chest is a one shot kill.-It is an early access game, so there is a risk it will never be truly completed.Overall this game is great, even with all its current issues and even if playing solo, but it is even more fun when playing with a friend or two."
,Not Recommended,578080,35409187,Posted: 2 October,all,RiLz,"THE SERVER IS EXTREMELY DOWN I CANT EVEN PLAY THIS GAME, FIX THIS PLEASE."
76561198062569534,Recommended,578080,33487514,Posted: 12 July,all,zLUKENUKEMz,"This game..... I hate it, I love it, it makes my heart race, it makes me poop my trousers, but most of all it leaves me coming back for more and I recommend it 10/10. My only wish is that you could find stuff in the frying pans such as, sausage links, pancakes, eggs.... etc, not bacon tho thats too OP. anyways thanks PUBG for all the mixed emotions and good times. -Jeff"
,Recommended,578080,31566888,Posted: 5 May,all,versus,i fell and hit my head on a rock and now i'm playing this game
76561198038179623,Not Recommended,578080,33848435,Posted: 27 July,all,championsx27,"Awful tick rate, breaking promises and putting microtransictions in an Early Access game. I dont know why I keep falling for this early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I cannot reccomend a game that is purposely driving itself into failure for the sake of cash grabbing."
,Recommended,578080,33426847,Posted: 10 July,all,Daisy,"PUBG has the elements of Miscreated and Rust, and a tiny fraction of CS:GO rolled into a beautiful, kinda-healthy rage inducing chaotic game. Forget about H1Z1, get this game instead."
,Recommended,578080,32915454,Posted: 27 June,all,#Kentic,Cool cool cool
,Recommended,578080,33090817,Posted: 1 July,all,Harukaze,"1. Enter a server2. Punch / Shoot everyone3. Get in a plane4. *Broken mic sound (more like a typhoon)*5. ""♥♥♥♥ you""6. ""China nomber 1""10/10 will play again!"
76561198105494402,Not Recommended,578080,33813335,Posted: 26 July,all,Vert,"Microtranactions Yippie! You had your chance to be a pioneer! Thankfully its not to much longer till destiny 2, and a lot of your player base will move over because of this. I know i will and yea i Know its a different type of fps. It's not too late to change your position. I urge you to stay on the path that got you here in the first place. You have listened to the community so far. This is the most vocal we have been. If there was ever a position to take a 180 on this is it. Microtransactions dont belong in video games and I understand this is an old topic doesnt mean I am wrong."
,Not Recommended,578080,34021074,Posted: 4 August,all,rated,DAE 200 hours negative? xD
76561197980548700,Not Recommended,578080,33837321,Posted: 27 July,all,[CPC]Tiri,"Don't go back on your promise about putting no microtransactions before the game leaves Early Access.The game is good (but really buggy), but the PR is awful and the decisions taken recently are stupid."
,Not Recommended,578080,33859335,Posted: 28 July,all,dast,"I would recommend this game, but they said no paid content until they released the game. Now they are adding keys to open crates that you have to buy, like csgo."
,Not Recommended,578080,33864169,Posted: 28 July,all,< His Best Friend,"The Devs who care about this game are ok, the Publisher and the lead Dev acting like giant♥♥♥♥♥♥wads are not. Feel bad about convicing people to buy this game now."
,Not Recommended,578080,34019685,Posted: 4 August,all,Gingernuke,"I can't condone an early access game with microtransactions especially not one that's sold this well. Hell it's not even the fact that it's microtransactions that tick me off the most it's the broken promise that they wouldn't be added during EA and then trying to justify them under the guise of ""testing"" is a load of rubbish. You can easily test this sort of system without having people give you money"
,Recommended,578080,33160730,Posted: 2 July,all,Lookatmefamous,Fun game! a bit buggy! Playable tho!
76561198071480586,Not Recommended,578080,33824294,Posted: 26 July,all,EL PRESIDENTE,Great game. Especially if you don't have an SSD and have to wait 5 minutes to get into the buildings. Wait until they optimize. It's a waste ATM.
76561198136655695,Not Recommended,578080,34529366,Posted: 27 August,all,Mister.Q,"An early-access game made millions because streamers like it, so the dev decided to start setting up micro transaction, instead of making the game more stable and optimized, and I almost forgot, banning people who upset any streamer. I bought this because my friends wanted me to, and I do not recommand this game until dev start to get their s**t together."
,Recommended,578080,32877310,Posted: 27 June,all,Cryphisss,Lots of fun in squads!
,Not Recommended,578080,33849602,Posted: 27 July,all,Wangfap,"The game is fun (although very challenging).The problem is the community. You can get banned for trying to defend yourself from a teammate that's decided to kill you. You can get banned for killing someone just because he's a popular streamer and cried ""STREAM SNIPE"" even though you've never even been to Twitch before. On top of that, you'll encounter bugs, desync, and a myriad of problems indicitive of Early Access games, which would not be a problem if Bluehole wasn't trying to add PAID KEYS FOR COSMETIC ITEMS which was clearly promised not to happen until AFTER Early Access.Do not support this company."
,Not Recommended,578080,34250876,Posted: 15 August,all,The Boobus and the Bunnyduck,"""decent"" to play with friends except when one dies, its alt tab and play a better gameother than that, its really boring and even when you do try to kill, the other person is an expert marksman that never wastes more than one shot for your headalso 20fps is my favorite fps"
76561198378050548,Not Recommended,578080,35086180,Posted: 20 September,all,aarongamegj,"this game is so atrractive that i played it everyday at least 3 hours since i bought it. But this company is not sincere in giving us a comfortable enviroment. What a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥potato server, everytime after a update, i cant get in, duo with my friend,keeping indicating connection closed or the service is not avaliable. Could u just shut down and announce it? Another thing, the bad graphic i can bear it, but i cant stop my anger when gtx 1080 ti can not keep fps constant, behaving pretty bad in the area of a lot of houses. anyway i still recommond this game, its all the thing i want without the bad server and pour behavior in graphic"
,Recommended,578080,31369589,Posted: 25 April,all,Logicbomb,"I have played several matches solo and with a teammate. Both times the games were amazingly fun. This is what I wanted Dayz to be, and is well worth the $30. No playing for hours upon hours to get geared up to just die and lose it all. You are geared up within the first 5 minutes of the match and with the play zone shrinking constantly you are not left with a dull moment. If you enjoy Battle Royal type games stop playing whatever your wasting time on and get this!Here is a gameplay video for reference.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCvgkXpP2CA&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,578080,33999072,Posted: 3 August,all,Seelvor,"As far as gameplay goes, it's good. It's a simple concept of just pure Battle Royale action. Where you (and maybe a team of friends) try to fight 99 other people in an attempt to be the last man (or men) standing. An experience that can be likened to The Culling or H1Z1. It's simple, it's engaging, it's thrilling. Andit's not finished yet.However, despite the fact that this game is still in very early access, they felt the need to add microtransactions. Now listen, I'm going to be as clear as possible. I don't mind microtransactions that much, personally. The fact I've spent multiple paychecks on TF2 should be a dead giveaway. HOWEVER, there are certain things I don't tolerate when it comes to microtransactions. And PUBG checks all of my boxes. Starting with:1) The developer previously stated that they would never consider Microtransactions/Will not add them until a certain point.Alright, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is just pathetic. You'd think they'd learn from Overkill's blunder, but I guess not. Now, granted, they DID say that they would be adding microtransactions. But they said that they would add themafter the game was fully released.Which leads directly into my next point.2) Releasing microtransactions/dlc when the game is not in a finished state.The game is still in beta, very early in beta in fact. And they already went back on their word just to try and dip their hands into our pockets. Whenever a developer releases microtransactions for a game that is still in early access, they lose all right to say they have the game's, or the consumer's best interests in mind. Because instead of focusing on the game entirely, they would rather try to nickle-and-dime us all for even more ♥♥♥♥ing money.3) General sleazy gambling♥♥♥♥♥♥The microtransactions are complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to begin with. Not only do you have to buy the keys with real-world currency.But you have to buy the crates with the in-game currency as well.Which is just BEYOND stupid, at this point. Not only that, but if you buy a crate, the price to buy another INCREASES. Which makes no sense, not only from a developer standpoint, but from a business standpoint as well. Bluehole has absolutely no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ it's doing with these crates.Adding onto that is the loot system for these crates. Which of course hasTIERED COSMETICS.Meaning that you have a ~80% chance to unbox ugly♥♥♥♥♥♥that you can already unbox for free. ~15% chance to unbox ""rare"" items that still look like complete garbage. ~4% chance to unbox the ""rare"" items that people want, half of which are also completely hideous. And a ~1% chance to get a ♥♥♥♥ing miniskirt. All of this is just feeding into a gambling addiction where people keep throwing away money in hopes of not unboxing total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥This sort of business practice is shameful, and should be fought against, not embraced. Sure it's ""just cosmetic"" but cosmetics are the only thing we get for winning. We don't earn medals, we don't get any special recognition. Just a ""Chicken dinner"" screen and a load of extra cash. Which can ONLY be used to open the terrible, terrible loot boxes."
,Not Recommended,578080,34720158,Posted: 3 September,all,Muhammad A.W. @ MattOtacon,"Following most popular games on Steam must be tempting, especially well known title with plenty players and fanbase.Some may enjoying it, and some may rather not, guess probably i'm on those among 27% who are not recommend this one to other with this current state (Early Access) (September 3, 2017). It did not take me long for me to request for refund, played for 3 rounds only.Round 1: I had notice the hitboxes when i getting shoot at, i had to think it was pure chance/accident on something, i just ignore it.Round 2: Play casually till meet another player on abandon house, he loot for handgun and take aim for me, i have 100% sure avoiding him to save my life, trying to wait for opening hiding behind a wall, outside the house. Guess what? Hitboxes registered when i hiding behind the wall, damage received eventhough behind the stone wall...... Ridiculous.Round 3: Jump off the ramp from flying plane, using parachute to land on Island smoothly, saw 2 players beat each other while they're just arrival, with weird clunky melee animation, prior to landing i joining fist fight too, then he landed one punch on me.... only one punch.. that left me half gauge of life meter... i meant what sort of punch will left the player half to death? Mike Tyson/ Mayweather Punch? Yeah, game need balancing more on melee damage..conclusion: Even on this current state of early access, game seems far from complete.... felt like Alpha State, ridiculous hitboxes, clunky animation movement, & Melee damage, If you're enjoying, that's good for you, it looks ambitious on main menu screen, then turn to less fun with incomplete textures in-game.My apologies, i had to refund it, probably gonna re-review & rebuy it again when Game in the Solid State condition (Game going Gold)."
,Recommended,578080,35227613,Posted: 26 September,all,Spyzz,"+Replayability+No Perfect Strategy+Intense Moments Raise Heart Rate+Easy To Laugh With Or At+Bullet Travel And Drop+First Person Perspective Only Mode+Manage Risk Vs Reward+Stealth One Game YOLO The Next+Pan-RNG Who Wins 15 Seconds After Landing (House With Meds Vs House With UZI)-Get You Killed Bugs & Simple Annoying Bugs-Clunky Movement (Better than DayZ, worse than most FPS)-Slow Computer -> Slow Map Render -> Slow To Start Looting"
,Recommended,578080,30691086,Posted: 23 March,all,Benjo,"Very good game, looking forward to see what else they are planning to add. Gameplay has a perfect combination of DayZ & H1Z1 KoTK"
,Not Recommended,578080,35432380,Posted: 2 October,all,Ozoneflare,This game is great but I can't recommend it until they:Fix performance issues.Show some love to other regions like OCE with a slow FPP mode and china with their IN-GAME ads.Stream sniper issue (not experienced this myself but i've heard alot of people complaining about it).Did I mention performance issues? that ♥♥♥♥♥ bad btw.
,Not Recommended,578080,35459407,Posted: 3 October,all,Cdi,Just make the game run well please.
,Not Recommended,578080,35401948,Posted: 1 October,all,JordiLUL,Poorly optimized. I get jarring frame-times no matter the settings. Nearly impossible to be competitive with that sort of lag.Bluehole seems to be focusing on maximising profit instead of improving the experience of millions of people.
,Not Recommended,578080,33817071,Posted: 26 July,all,FireboLd,"- Wanna play with 15fps on medium settings (GTX 1080), while having 60fps in Battlefield 1 on Ultra?- You like when the main menu refuses to load and you keep staring at the background screen?- Also wanna play in 4K, but it doesn't support it at all?THEN THIS GAME IS JUST FOR YOU!"
76561197971040265,Not Recommended,578080,33973441,Posted: 2 August,all,✪ H4ze ➠ ₁₃₃₇,the devs are greeedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198023179255,Not Recommended,578080,35159047,Posted: 23 September,all,Hollow Voices,"This isn't a review of the game itself. It's a review of how terribad this issue that many players have been dealing with for months. Lost connection. Every. Single. Game. I literally can't even get into a single game because of this nonsense. I've tried pretty much every method that people have posted. I've even tried 3 different VPNs. But no, nothing works. In the bug section on the forums there is a dedicated stickied thread for this issue that hundreds of people have posted in, but there is no fix in sight. Admin basically copy/paste 'bug reporting formats' whenever someone talks about this issue in there, but no devs seem to care to help us out. I'm on the verge of demanding my money back. This is absolutely ridiculous."
76561198091997356,Not Recommended,578080,34216892,Posted: 13 August,all,KansasMafia,Ever since the First person servers came out about every 1/10 games I join the buildings will never render and I end up falling through buildings as well as can just run through walls. I am forced to quit the match for fear of being banned. Developers are more concerned about some tournament and loot crates than making the game work as intended.
,Not Recommended,578080,34641507,Posted: 31 August,all,October,"Developers promised constant updates? Not anymore.Developers promised no paid DLC-mircotransactions-lootcrates bs before release? Not anymore.Developers promised release in the end of 2017? Not anymore.Not enough?Bad optimization and server-client pefomance. Sorry, HORRIBLE optimization and UNBEARABLE server-client pefomance.Some questionable developers' politics regarding streamers (whole ""stream-sniping"" thing).Awful controls, especially vehicles.Placeholder sounds and one generic menu music theme. 10 (TEN) million copies sold (09.17)! I cannot believe I'm writing and updating this.After almost 5 months developers STILL didn't fix obvious anti-aliasing and post-processing problems that makes whole picture disgustingly blurred. Also overall uninspiring mediocre graphics (debatable).So, why this game is so popular, you will ask. It's simple: some luck, some good timing (everybody forgot about DayZ-that-never-came, people got bored of KotK, Overwatch, cheaters/smurfs in CSGO), some good marketing manoeuvres (supporting Twitch streamers, whole ""I'm a good guy-developer"" thing), some good gameplay choices (right amount of arcade elements, lots of RNG, that generates ""unique"" experience every time). Yeah, the game has some good moments too, but not enough right now. And that ""enough"" is getting smaller and smaller with every month. Also... I highly doubt that I will ever remove that ""right now"" from this paragraph.Anyway, my review doesn't matter after all, because everybody's playing this game everywhere. Like it's something NEW and FRESH, like fidget spinners! Holy moly! And if it's so popular, it should be really good, right? RIGHT?Michael Bay of videogames. If you enjoy this kind of hyperpopular stuff and don't care about things like ""deep experience"", ""quality product"", ""careful design"", welcome!I regret buying this.Today is 07.09.2017.Basically, PU officially confirmed that he doesn't give a **** about reviews and people that criticize his decisions. ""It's maybe 10%"". Whatever, right? You are aiming at LoL numbers now (sic!), PU, so you don't care about those 10% who pointed out your bs. We are evil hive mind with mob mentality that wants to kill everything good, ha! (sarcasm) Full citation:""BG: But you've got to look at the actual number of people that visit Reddit and use your social media, and it's maybe 10% of your player base - maybe. The biggest part don't read reviews, and they don't read Steam reviews. You can get these bombs, a huge amount of negative reviews, but it's just the way it works on the net these days; you've got a hive mind, mob mentality kind of thing, or bandwagoning behind people. And look, people have a right to say what they want, y'know, but with some reviews I feel bad because it'll say something like 'Performance is ♥♥♥♥♥♥', but when we improve it they won't go back and change that review."" Viagamesindustry.biz(https://goo.gl/1di2Ne).Don't worry, Mr. Green, I'm updating my review and writing down all that nonsence that you are doing and talking about.Today is 22.09.2017.Mr. Green and Co. are ""concerned"" and made a statement about the fact that Epic Games borrowed core gameplay concept of their half-finished standalone version of ARMA's mod.And now, can you imagine that id Software tomorrow will make a statement that they are ""concerned"" about Destiny 2 and Destiny 2 is ""replicating the experience"" of Doom and Quake? Can you imagine that From Software tomorrow will make a statement that they are ""concerned"" about Deck13's Lords of the Fallen and The Surge? Can you ****ing imagine that Nintendo will be ""concerned"" about every damn modern platformer, metroidvania, zeldaesque and how those games are ""replicating the experience""?I guess, there isn't much of that ""experience"" in the first time, mr. Green and Bluehole Studio Inc.?Link:https://pastebin.com/97aWn1zr"
,Not Recommended,578080,35484477,Posted: 4 October,all,rvci,"The game itself is amazing for being Early Access....Unfortunately the servers can't keep up, and the dev team is banning players for ""stream sniping"" due to poor sportsmanship of Streamers..Game: 10/10Server: 5/10Dev Team: 0/10"
,Not Recommended,578080,34696281,Posted: 2 September,all,Coffin87,"Day One.Turned all graphics on Ultra, as I usually do with all games, and my PC can usually take it without problems. Started the first game. Houses didn't load when I landed next to them. Googled for 30 minutes. No real solution found. Restarted the game. Game kept crashing for various reasons at least 5-6 times in a row. Had to spend two and a half hours, all in all, of trying various fixes and tweaks. Furious as hell. Finally get to play 2 or 3 rounds, but the cursor in the main menu is constantly ""a bit too far to the right"", I always have to click ""next"" to things. Also, the inventory takes half a minute to load when opening and the game loads for another half minute (freezing completely) when closing the inventory. Have to play on very mediocre and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics.Summary of first day: two and a half hours of bug fixing, 2 or 3 pretty fun rounds.Day Two.Decide to give the game another chance, I googled for around an hour or two to find different solutions. Tried to fix the ""cursor is two far on the right"" issue by turning windowed mode on and off again. Full-screen borderless window doesn't work, by the way. So don't get any hopes up. It doesn't go over the taskbar. Very good mode. Aside from that, the game froze in windowed mode. Main Menu froze entirely, one frame per minute. Restarted the game several times, googled again (about 10 minutes) to find manipulations of the ini file. Restarted PC. Tried many things. Finally, I found out how to set it to boot in full-screen mode again. It booted. First round: The houses didn't load. Tried to open-close inventory, as I read before, and it worked - but it took the game about a minute to continue the process. I was insta-killed. Second round: The loading screen stayed there for 3 or 4 minutes, only to give me an error message that the connection didn't work. Main menu gave a warning message that the round was still going. Tried to reconnect. Didn't work. Third round: The game took so long to load that when it worked again, someone was punching me in the face until I was dead. Instant death screen. Fourth round: The loading screen stayed on again for so long that I was already more or less at the end of the map in the plane. Quickly jumped out, landed - houses didn't load bug. Tried to open-close inventory again, full well knowing that it would cost me a minute, but what can you do. The houses loaded rather quickly (read: it took only around 10 seconds of complete freeze), but one second after closing the inventory, the game froze entirely. I gave it a minute of walking up and down my flat, furious as a million bright red hot suns of burning rage, until I tabbed out. It is currently doing something in the background, I have no idea what. It stopped making sound.Summary.The two or three rounds the universe granted me with this ""game"" were quite fun. It's a shame. But I think I am done.Thank you, you ♥♥♥♥ing thieves, for not giving me the opportunity to get my money back (I mean both the devs and Steam). This is downright criminal, I have no other word for it."
76561198081098423,Not Recommended,578080,35411877,Posted: 2 October,all,My_Name_Is_Not,"Okay, this game is a rly nice game, but i cant give it more than 3 months life if they devs don't stop to blow the streamers.STREAM SNIPING IS MUST BE NO BANNABLE. If they want to steam then they will need to learn a way to hide the map or anything. I am not banned or something, but the game losing people because u ban players for ""Stream sniping"" ? Stop banning people for that ♥♥♥♥, let them do w/e they want to do. Its a ♥♥♥♥ing GUN game. The game is full of cheaters, full of aimhacks, the optimazition is BULL♥♥♥♥ and u ban people who make Stream sniping(And u know that from the banned 1/10 was stream sniping the others is just better than the streamers). Stream sniping is not something illegal, is not something that you need to ban for. Its only about streamers and u should care about the gamers. From 1,500.000 online, the streamers is like 400. Open your eyes or will lose your chanse to make the biggest game on steam.Ban anybody who ccrying about stream sniping, not the guys who do it. If they want to stream then they should hide map and bull♥♥♥♥s. Wake up guys. I want to play this big game more, but i cant play it when devs sucks streamers and my friends banned because they kill a noob streamer without even watch hes stream.I HOPE PEOPLE GET TEAM UP AND STREAM SNIPING ALL DAY YOUR IDIOTS FRIENDS WHO CRYING LIKE 10YEARS OLD KIDS. THE GAME IS NOT ABOUT TO STAY ALIVE ANYMORE, IS ABOUT TO CARE TO NOT KILL A STREAMER."
76561198096979966,Not Recommended,578080,35413464,Posted: 2 October,all,burburburs,Unoptimized trash.
76561198125961974,Not Recommended,578080,35481919,Posted: 4 October,all,AbsoluteRive,"If you have put less than 2 hours into this game, GET YOUR MONEY BACK!!!! the developers don't have a ♥♥♥♥ing clue what they are doing and have put nothing into making this game any better. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME!"
,Not Recommended,578080,35398023,Posted: 1 October,all,puppers101,love this game but i CANNOT recemmend it in its current state.The bugs are awful my most recent one that pushed me over the edge was a network connection issue in the middle of the game that i could not get out of and i had an awm (the best weapon) also the game is awfully optimized builings for me wont load in until 1 minute in the game and i have a 1070 and a i5 7600k cars handle awfully and player unknown lied about microtransaction and looked like a huge hyprocite over all this game is an amazing concept with great grapics and gun play but in exucution it fails
,Recommended,578080,31294788,Posted: 22 April,all,MR_hako,Really fun. better than h1z1. Buy this.
76561197992714455,Not Recommended,578080,33850283,Posted: 28 July,all,ติงต๊อง,"The game itself is great, but the main developer or whatever his role is seems very toxic, arrogant and unstable breaking his promises on microtransactions and randomly banning players for whatever reason he feels like at the moment.Soon this game will have ugly and stupid looking pay-to-win skins on guns, clothes etc and the original idea of the game will be lost. A real shame, really. But I guess there's always other games.Unless they reverse their greedy microtransactions plans and kick that toxic Playerunknown out or put him on a leash, I can't recommend this game to anyone. :("
,Recommended,578080,33031592,Posted: 30 June,all,kot,memы эto horoшo.
76561198118587046,Not Recommended,578080,33938589,Posted: 31 July,all,DEEPEE9,"This game has so much potential to be a great and complete game but if Bluehole insists on focusing on microtrasactions before fixing bugs and balancing I can't recommend anyone buy it at this time. There is so much potential here, and I would hate to see this game turn into something so focused on money and cosmetics like CSGO."
76561197997124597,Not Recommended,578080,34201701,Posted: 12 August,all,Royal Wolf,"I can't recommend it to anyone now as the developer has broken one of the most paramount promises made during EA. They said no paid content until release, now they're introducing keys, needed to open crates, which are purchased with real money, akin to CSGO."
,Not Recommended,578080,34136115,Posted: 9 August,all,Walder Frey,"In all my hours on this game I would not recommend buying this game until it's released from Early Access. Constant random crashes (of which it will lock up your computer and you'll probably have to do a restart), terrible hitreg, even worse server lag which is named ""Network Lag"" which you will assume is your fault, but it isnt. Vehicle physics are horrid don't attempt to drive a bike as you'll flip easily, you can drive a 2wd vehicle straight up a mountain and you'll flip the ""offroad"" vehicle within seconds.Would not reccomend anyone wasting their money this game. Wait until it's a full release and hope it's better then.-5/10 stars."
,Not Recommended,578080,34196645,Posted: 12 August,all,Axtedeath,"Client side graphics settings allow you to cheat removing foliage and shadows, Microtransactions in an early access game what were paying close to £30 for......... Random banning of players for stupid reasonsother than that its a good game"
76561198134611871,Recommended,578080,31932734,Posted: 24 May,all,Ready,"{Player Unknown Battlegrounds}Pros:- Fun game with awesome shooting mecaniques-Awesome community-Extremly easy to find a match, usually takes me like 1/2 a second to find a match.-Gets updated very frequently-Lots of replayability-I really enjoy the looting systemCons:-Could use some better optimization but that is getting worked on and it is getting tremendously better.-Reward/Case system could be better.{TLDR}Buy this game, awesome devs that keep supporting it and a huge playerbase with an awesome community, one of my best steam purchases recently for sure.Final Score:9/10"
,Not Recommended,578080,33849654,Posted: 27 July,all,Enthrone,"With all of the recent missteps made by PU and Bluehole games as a whole, I find it very difficult to recommend this game to anyone, or even support this developer.First, it was banning people for team killing, and requiring players to record their gameplay in order to report a team killer. Then it was adding microtransactions to the game while in Early Access, even though they said they weren't going to until after official release. Lastly, and most recently, banning someone for alleged stream sniping, based only on word of mouth.It's hard to support a developer that clearly isn't in 2017. For the reasons above, I cannot recommend the game to anyone. If they ever decide to turn things around, I will change my mind and reverse my decision on not recommending this game. Seeing as how a couple weeks have gone by without any official statement(s) regarding the controversial decisions listed, I don't see that happening."
,Not Recommended,578080,34008269,Posted: 3 August,all,cody,"Be extremely wary of this one until ""PlayerUnknown"" gets this game stable, either WAYYYYYYYYY... down the road or when he decides to prioritizes the actual experience. He currently is busy prioritizing the cash grab by adding cosmetics and adverts for his tourney, which no one asked for and oddly enough, as the cash grab continues the stability of the game is bordering on unplayable. There's no need to say it nicely. Get your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥together for ♥♥♥♥s sake. This is embarassing. I'd recommend waiting until the experience improves."
,Not Recommended,578080,33936786,Posted: 31 July,all,WillisnotFunny,"I love this game, it's super fun, but early access paid crates? this is gonna be H1Z1 all over again, therefore I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,578080,33882765,Posted: 29 July,all,Spider-Man,"Cannot recommend as long as streamers receive preferential treatment at the expense of normal players.Update: lmfao""the ban was indeed justified...we understand that we cannot prove that this player was watching the target's broadcast"""
76561198115633757,Recommended,578080,34370896,Posted: 20 August,all,Carbon888,H1Z1 done right.
,Not Recommended,578080,34007530,Posted: 3 August,all,Avatoxico,"The game has potential, but i'm no sure if i have much faith in the developer. They said there would be no micro-transactions during Early Acess and guess what, they just released micro-transactions while still in early access. They're also giving streamers special treatment, banning people they (streamers) think that are stream-sniping. If you buy this game bear in mind you could get banned simply for shooting some random kid that's live-streaming it."
,Not Recommended,578080,34008573,Posted: 3 August,all,Pegleg_McMuppet,"Microtransactions in an Early Access game? No. Just NO. BlueHole themselves specifically promised their would be players that they will not implement it until they have released the full game, and yet here we are with the microtransactions. Stay away from games such as this one. Its becoming an illness for gaming companies or even a small group of people who develop games and milk as much as they can from their customers and not deliver the full potential of their product. This is like H1Z1 all over again. You have been warned!"
76561198172874338,Recommended,578080,33348957,Posted: 7 July,all,F0cUZ,"Its a realy good game to play if u like Arena type games.its not like H1Z1 or anything, its mroe like a hunger games type!I would Recomend this game."
76561198116421290,Recommended,578080,32700844,Posted: 23 June,all,Damian 🍑,"I'm a snake, follow me"
76561198026702008,Not Recommended,578080,35147420,Posted: 23 September,all,Tempest,"I get that the game is still in early access, however this is still hugely dissapointing considering the fact that i meet above the minimal specs, however when i watch the gamescom stream of PUBG on xbox ONE, they are getting a stable game while we get left in the dirt, i guess a GTX 1080, I5 4660K 8GB RAM do not meet minimal settings, but Battlefield 1 is a much more demanding game and im able to run it abover 150FPS like a dream. fix the game before you bring it over to a console which shouldnt get special privilleges due to money, this is all companies care about these days, they start off with PC gaming, then leave us in the dirt with a faulty game. texture glitches as well as loading times are a complete joke."
76561198099383344,Not Recommended,578080,33948863,Posted: 1 August,all,xToshirox,"Nice game but,-Plenty of bugs, lag, de-sync, FPS drops and so on-wasting too much time trying to create more content instead of making the game run properly and smooth-listening only the streamers and their crazy ideas (0.0000001% of the player base) rather than the community itself-very little and slow results in game optimization for a game that sold over 5 milion copies in 4 months-breaking their promise to not monetize the game in EA. introducing now microtransaction for opening crates containing RANDOM cosmetics ""for sponsoring a tournement of an unfinished game""Cannot recomend the game at this stage"
76561198007196685,Not Recommended,578080,33881248,Posted: 29 July,all,Palkab,"Game state seems to be deteriorating with every patch. Connection issues, increased crashes, now microtransactions despite promising not to. The game is fun but the crashes, lag and other issues make me not recommend it whole heartedly. Another EA game going the way of all of them: full cash  grab then nothing"
76561198082814124,Not Recommended,578080,35399555,Posted: 1 October,all,The Nut,Lag and false bans is all you will find in this game.
76561198356910798,Recommended,578080,35445518,Posted: 3 October,all,AARHridoY,it's the thing u wanna play before u die.
,Not Recommended,578080,34391254,Posted: 21 August,all,mashiro的堂客桑,游戏优化垃圾得一批
76561198222553296,Not Recommended,578080,34012307,Posted: 4 August,all,Panzeraustirol,"I like the gameplay, but from some reason its laggy, broken (technically) and crashes often, even though I have all the required specifications and my computer even surpasses some of them.Support is automated and pre-set, therefore they wont reply to your problem directly. It will simply redirect you to the site with ˝possible˝solutions, which might end up breaking your computer even more (I aint computer genious).Game developers constantly look on the lag issues, which are also present for me, but dont look at the crashes whatsoever. Each patch makes game crash more often, therefore you have to fix it yourself while the fix will last to the next patch only.Game takes up a whopping 44% of total GPU memory IN THE STARTING MENU ONLY! I played several games with demanding graphics without problems (BF 1 for example), so I dont know how this geme with poor to average graphics can even dare to take up so much space.And the price? Not worth the money. I would give it maximum 10 Euros for the state the game is in currently: bugy, glitchy and there are no real benefits for purchasing the early access.I rate it 2.7/10, and flexible gameplay saves it from being even lower."
,Not Recommended,578080,35455938,Posted: 3 October,all,Kuckli,This is the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game I've ever played. One million bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥everytime you play. ESPORTS READY MY♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,578080,35398195,Posted: 1 October,all,Imp,Game is heading downhill
76561198089982423,Not Recommended,578080,35402157,Posted: 1 October,all,JedisofReddit,Don't bother with this game because it has only one map and is very frustrating to play if you are not good at it.
,Not Recommended,578080,30688346,Posted: 23 March,all,lev,My friend runs better than this game and he has no legs.
,Not Recommended,578080,34025849,Posted: 4 August,all,Admiral Awesome,"""Are there going to be microtransactions?""""Yes, but only for purely cosmetic items and only after Early Access."" -PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds FAQEven though I will keep playing the game until BlueHole REALLY ♥♥♥♥s up, I am leaving a negative review for the fact that they released the most unplayable patch yet in conjunction with adding microtransactions. Think rubberbanding 10 meters and not being able to pick up items unplayable. Or not seeing your teammate and getting a loss-screen when your teammate dies unplayable. Even though the game is fun, many decisions of the devs ALREADY make me sceptic about them."
76561198101641175,Not Recommended,578080,34534508,Posted: 27 August,all,Gionzx,love the game but ♥♥♥♥ing optimize it! you making too much money already atleast do something about the bugs christ even a high end computer cant handle this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,578080,31225291,Posted: 18 April,all,MammothClock,"I've only played PUBG for a couple hours, and I've never played this genre of game before, but I must say this is my favorite game I've ever played. I really like that you can kill anyone you want and then take all of their stuff. It reminds me of APB: Reloaded. I recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,578080,31799510,Posted: 16 May,all,CULT|icycalm,"This isn't Battle Royale, this is a videogame, and a damn fine one at that too, runner-up to best game of 2017, in fact. You read that right, casuals.Game of the Year Awards (1962-present):http://culture.vg/reviews/awards/game-of-the-year.htmlVideogame Culture:http://culture.vg/features/art-theory.html"
76561198053561585,Recommended,578080,33392052,Posted: 8 July,all,Slakk,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░PUBG ░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄ ░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,578080,33685983,Posted: 20 July,all,Discobizkit,Fun game. A good amount if bugs still but it's getting better. I can't recommend it based on how team killing is handled. You have to record your own screen in order to report anyone. Also the rules on team killing are awful. If you have a teammate killing members of your group and you defend yourself you will be banned if reported. The response from the company was terrible. They basically said that if you don't like it don't use match making. This system is going to drive this game to be unplayable and their response on the matter was unprofesional.
76561198042334407,Not Recommended,578080,34008258,Posted: 3 August,all,Joshua,Cash grabbing ♥♥♥♥ers
76561198028312424,Not Recommended,578080,34115982,Posted: 8 August,all,yeet,Game is $30. Developers still add microtransactions into the game. Ok. I mean its still fun though...
,Not Recommended,578080,34149701,Posted: 10 August,all,SeriouSamurai,"As of this point i reached almos 200 hours on this game. I guess I can say that I'm atleast moderate expierenced when it comes to Battlegrounds.So let me tell you:As many Early Access games this also is pretty much incomplete: Many Bugs, Crashes, Lags etc.I wouldnt recommend buying any early access game as there is always the chance of them abandoning the game and stop. As it is right now we get Weekly Patches which is kinda good, but as it seems they are busy adding more stuff (of course they fix a few things) but with every Patch so far they broke something else.2017/08/10: Items disappeard, Buildings wont load...It's a shame since this game has potential. It's great for casuals aswell as hardcore gamers. But it's also frustrating as many things are still broken and you can't really rely on any game mechanic since it's often pretty random.This is a friendly advice."
76561198115449927,Not Recommended,578080,34807156,Posted: 7 September,all,CervixPounder,"This game is so poorly optimized, fix your damn game"
,Not Recommended,578080,33856178,Posted: 28 July,all,ŵątérmëløñ,"Admins are issuing bans for ""stream sniping"" without any proof. Absolutely unacceptable."
76561198007004390,Not Recommended,578080,33858933,Posted: 28 July,all,DixieNormous,Based on recent statements from PlayerUnknown and Bluehole I decided to not recommend this game.  Bluehole has a brief history of nonsense monetizations schemes that ultimately ruin a game and PlayerUnknown seems fully on board.Taking away cosmetic items that you can currently unlock and replacing them with a nonsense crate key RNG system is absurd and anti-consumer.Don't buy this game until such a time that Bluehole changes their stance on converting free content into paid content.  When you buy the game you buy the game.
,Not Recommended,578080,33859998,Posted: 28 July,all,Bornyte,You can't ban people for stream sniping without a shred of evidence. Also Playerunkown is just an♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,578080,30918140,Posted: 3 April,all,Easelm,"Playerunknown's Battlegrounds is a first/third person battle royale shooter with two goals: kill people you encounter and win. The battle royale genre, we as gamers love so much, has a fantastic turn for the best in PUBG. Having played H1Z1: Kotk for over 200 hours (on my second acct.http://steamcommunity.com/id/easyhype/), H1Z1 has some competition, given the developers of PUBG make the players happy during future development.ReviewBut how well does PUBG do against its competitors? From my stand-point, it does pretty darn well. When you first start, like every other related game, you create a character. There's not many character customization options right now since there's the generic skin tone, hair, head model, etc., but that's the least of your worries. You can fully customize your character's clothing. You loot the clothes from crates you earn by spending the currency for winning or even losing matches. Yes, you get rewards for winning or losing!Once you understand basic character features and edit your graphic settings, you can choose to enter Solo, Duo or Squad. I'm normally a solo person and I choose to go in there by myself and try to win. It will put you in a lobby with 100 players, waiting for the game to start. When the game starts you're all inside of an airplane. If you toggle your camera you'll be able to look at everybody in the airplane - say your last fairwells to those, sad, poor souls because there's only going to be one winner! Once available, it will allow you to finally eject yourself out of the plane to skydive down to your destination. If you don't eject and the plane reaches its destination it will auto-eject you out of the plane. I've had my fair share of those moments.The map is large and well made. Although, I wish their map was more modern UK or US, instead of it being something from an Arma map, for example. Running the game is smoothish. I have a decent fps, 60 almost constant unless you're trying to load a big city. However, the game needs more optimization regardless.Skydiving is the best part of PUBG in my opinion. The speed and mobility to dive to where you want to land is pretty awesome. The parachuting part is slow, though. If you're stuck, you'll eventually see a prompt to press a button to cut your parachute, and that is an awesome feature too.Maybe I can't make my mind up, but there's more ""best part"" of PUBG. The map shows where you are (exact pin-point). Venturing the map is easy and understandable, especially the safe zone. There's a couple UI elements that shows you how far away you are from the safe zone. If you're out of the safe zone and the huge shield dome has forwarded away from you, you'll start losing HP slowly. I've had my far share of out-of-safe zone deaths. It's quite amusing. Keep an eye on that timer above the minimap!The water is deep, deep enough that swimming exists. Swim across the river to reach the other side, swim to avoid people or swim for fun. You can swim damn it!Crafting doesn't exist. You have to find bandges, med-kits, first-aid kits and other healing items. I thought that was a breathe of fresh air. I hated wasting time crafting on H1Z1.What I think that sets PUBG from other games is variety of guns. There's quite a lot of choices from Kar98k, Scar, M16, SMG, Uzi and more. With a variety of guns comes another number of weapon attachments. Yes! Weapon attachments! Red Dot Sight, 4x, 8x or 15x scope, suppressors and lots more! If that doesn't get your attention, when looting you can find helmets, armor and backpacks. Might not seem very interesting until you realize gear has a gear level from 1-3. Higher the level, the better the gear is. Higher level gear will automatically equip once you loot them too. No wasting time switching out items. Weapon attachments pretty much sold me on buying the game because it is what so many games like these lack nowadays (okay, maybe just H1Z1 lacks variety & weapon attachments). Oh, and there's melee weapons too. Not sure if they are used much though.I was pretty excited about vehicles. I found my first vehicle. It was a buggy. There's other types of vehicles, but I'll let you find what else there is. Vehicle collision is pretty solid. I've killed 3 people so far by running them over, and it's funny. I have yet to be a victim, sadly. Vehicles explode after taking heavy damage. If you barrel roll or hit something at full speed you will lose character health too.My experience in PUBG has been amazing. For a game that recently released, it is setting a great example for what H1Z1 really needs. PUBG's first impression was great and I enjoyed it. Another great feature is destructible doors. Yes! Doors, once you shoot them will be destroyed piece-by-piece. This is really useful for when people are camping.Playerunknown's Battlegrounds vs H1Z1: Kotk (Comparison)Let's compare (based off my playtime of both games):✓ = Yes. This exists.✘ = No. This does not exist.Weapon Attachments: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Deeper Water/Swimming: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Better Map/Better knowledge where the safe zone is & where you are: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Better Gun Types/More Gun Content: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Better Gunplay (not jumping like a maniac to avoid being hit): PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Better Gun Sounds/Sound Direction: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Gear Levels (e.g. Helmet, Backpack or Armor Vest have levels): PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Drivable Boats: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Destructible Doors: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Kill people by running over them in a vehicle: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Allow your character to peek their body out of car windows to shoot 360: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Chance to save your teammate if downed: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Crafting/Shredding: PUBG ✘ ➜ H1Z1 ✓Skydiving/Skydiving Mobility: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Cut parachute if stuck: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Spectate: PUBG has this implemented and I'm assuming after several years of development, H1Z1 is finally going to have it too..Crates don't require keys: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘Receiving a reward for winning or losing: PUBG ✓ ➜ H1Z1 ✘ (H1Z1 had this originally but removed it, why?)OverallI'll let you find out more yourself. My experience as I've said has been amazing. If they continue development and keep everyone pleased, I have no doubt this will beat H1Z1's player peak all day everyday *crossfingers*. PUBG has everything you would want in a battle royale. It might be in early access and there's bugs, but you will not regret this purchase.Rating:10/10"
76561197995381979,Not Recommended,578080,32808599,Posted: 26 June,all,Billy_Brightside,"I just watched Brenden Greene brag about the 3 million PC players who bought into the EA version of PlayerUknown's Battlegrounds (weirdest PC game title of 2017) on the E3 (very console friendly as always) 2017 Twitch. Color me jaded, but I find the game severely unoptimized, and despite the regular updates, nothing seems to be done about the real things that need to be fixed. And at $29.95 this is the most expensive EA game I've bought into to date. I regularly join with 4 friends {which make up a squad) and at least 1 out of 3 times, one of us will mysteriously drop from the game. The blue ball of death is an interesting and effective mechanic which admittedly forces the ultimate outcome of the game, but even that randomly either becomes grossly unfair or not, depending upon the speed that it decides to move across the map.As I aforementioned, Greene's presentation offered up as an XB1 ""exclusive"" (even though it's been on PC for months) revealed graphics three times better than what we have on PC. I just don't get it. The PC crowd made this guy rich, and yet he's showing the love to the console crowd. I'm done with it."
,Recommended,578080,33172038,Posted: 3 July,all,© Blackday,Bought this game on release date.Bought Trenchcoat from Market for 100$Sold for 300$. Ez 200$ profit10/10
,Not Recommended,578080,33822040,Posted: 26 July,all,Derp,"DO NOT BUY YET.Recent events have made the integrity and long term vision of the developers highly suspect. There is a significant chance that this game will turn into another poorly managed EA cash-grab. Until PUBG gets its promised content updates and performance improvements (instead of just milking the existing playerbase dry), I advise potential buyers to wait and see. Check back in another three to six months.Details:1. They have confirmed that there will be NO MORE free cosmetic items, and that micro transactions will be added despite the game still being in Early Access (despite promising otherwise).2. They will be adopting the CS:GO crate system, which is notoriously anti-consumer. You will be forced to buy keys to open any crates you get in-game, then get ONLY A SINGLE random item with no safeguards to prevent duplicates. This will be the case for ALL crates (confirmed by community manager). Please remember that this is a full-priced game.3. Bluehole wants the community to fund a tournament despite earning well over a hundred million dollars in sales to date.4. Players are being banned for defending themselves from Team Killers, and are simply advised to ""not play with randoms"" if they don't like it. A more insane zero tolerance policy than american public schools.A good game, but again, I cannot recommend buying it right now with these concerning points in mind. Devs may be getting greedy and out of touch."
76561197973776780,Not Recommended,578080,33386872,Posted: 8 July,all,WhoIsTheTrivagoGuy?,"Epic hype game, most of the developments are into getting more money or just pleasuring twitch streamers for more viewers and more sales instead of fixing a glitched game. New zombie mode, it was another hype booster, you can only create it if you're a part of their income increase team, they do whatever they want , either dont start a game after you take 15-20 minutes to get 100 people in lobby, or just by kicking you for whatever reason. Biggest waste of money i ever spent in a game in the last 20 years. 10/10 wouldnt buy it again."
76561198058261852,Not Recommended,578080,34427760,Posted: 22 August,all,Ruisho,I would suggest you wait till the deveolper fixes a lot of core issues this game has.
76561198119575030,Not Recommended,578080,33819441,Posted: 26 July,all,2Neverland,The future will tell if i will change my mind. At this moment. They focus on wrong things. Get the game working. Crates are not the right path.
,Not Recommended,578080,35413707,Posted: 2 October,all,BrOkEn SiLeNcE*,"This game is like cod, It only has the player base it does because popularity.This game has nothing new. No inovation. Bad optimization. Bad animations. Bad gun play. Really bad management.Banning players who may or may not be stream snipping. If you stream, thats your problem. No one should be banned for killing another player in game. WTF is this♥♥♥♥♥♥..FFS. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥toguether."
,Not Recommended,578080,34022961,Posted: 4 August,all,Copyntoothpaste,"Don't get me wrong, I'm having a blast on this game so far, however it is very poorly optimized. You need the hardware if you wanna have a decent experience. Connectivity issues are extremely bad right now, recommend waiting a while for a few  bugs to be ironed out properly before deciding to pick this up especially for the price. Dispite the bugs, this is a whole load of fun when playing with friends either competively or just having fun messing around"
,Recommended,578080,35317260,Posted: 29 September,all,Alice,"Amazing game! When I first got this (During the Steam Summer Sale) I did not play all too much, but after coming back to it, I've gotten better at the game and got some friends who I can play it with. The game is purely fun if you enjoy intense moments, and down right hilarious glitches/moments which happen throughout the time you play the game in the Early Access stage.Only problem I've found was that a few of my friends who have older builds (GTX760 and a 960M) have trouble loading in quickly, but if they are in the server, but haven't loaded in, then they will load in by the time they hit the ground usually."
,Not Recommended,578080,34015525,Posted: 4 August,all,*Fat Cat*,H1Z1:Even worse than the Arma 3 optimization edition
,Not Recommended,578080,35432308,Posted: 2 October,all,MemeAgeDayDream,ads in a paid game
76561198072072181,Not Recommended,578080,33866350,Posted: 28 July,all,Soothsayer,- very bad performance- microtransactions announced- repetitve gameplay- melee is pure luck
76561198317503310,Recommended,578080,31575813,Posted: 6 May,all,.QuanDemic,"This game has very high quality content with great graphics although there are still many unfixed bugs/glitches due to the fact that it is still an  ""Early Access Game"".You will definitely like this game if you are a H1Z1 or DayZ fan."
,Not Recommended,578080,34002901,Posted: 3 August,all,MadSkill,The gameplay is quite laggy and the hit registry is not great for a shooter. But who cares when you have creates ?
,Not Recommended,578080,33823672,Posted: 26 July,all,Zebriod (Welly),Early access game but already adding paid content.
,Not Recommended,578080,34085531,Posted: 7 August,all,面白い冗談,'should we optimise our game or add microtransactions even though we said we wouldnt?''yes'
76561198067617624,Not Recommended,578080,34001822,Posted: 3 August,all,Sadboy I lascol,"Havent played a single smooth game. Freezing for several minutes before any buildings or loot become usuable or it freezes straight up. EVERY GAME this happens, if I dont get shot while im frozen the game works and is not that bad, but its happened 100% of the time so far"
,Not Recommended,578080,33797388,Posted: 25 July,all,Mal,"[Edit:] I've already received quite a few messages from fans trying to argue or just being straight up insulting. Let me make this perfectly clear. This review is for anyone looking to buy PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, not for someone who already bought the game and is looking through the reviews section to justify their purchase to themselves. Bluehole is a multimillion dollar company, they don't need you to do their PR for them.If you're the type of person who doesn't care that the lead developer lied and has already gone back on his word twice, then that's your prerogative. This is a warning to potential buyers to look into the cycle of other Early Access battle royale-style games like The Culling, that also had a massive popularity explosion, then through mismanagement and lies told by the developer now sits at 67 peak players today.[Edit end]They promised there wouldn't be any tournaments until it came out of Early Access, yet here they are using the crate money to fund a $350,000 tournament.They promised there would be no microtransactions until it came out of Early Access, but they're adding limited time only microtransactions. 5 outfits, each with about 4 pieces, where each crate gives one piece. That's $2.50 each. It's $10 for an outfit, and that's with perfect luck. With a pool of 20 pieces, and the ability of getting duplicates, this is going to be extremely expensive for a set of virtual clothes in an Early Access game.They've pushed the launch back and moved the microtransactions forward."
,Not Recommended,578080,33996216,Posted: 3 August,all,Lasheen,"Microtransactions in a $30 Early Access game?Fix bugs and lags first the game is a mess, then think about ripping off people after the game is fully released. You already made 200 million dollars in sales you greedy b a s t a r d s."
,Recommended,578080,33286533,Posted: 5 July,all,[HC] Zanny,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░PUBG░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,578080,35073852,Posted: 19 September,all,bruce,I meet the mininum requirements. Can't even play properly on the lowest res.
,Recommended,578080,34900397,Posted: 12 September,all,[Bls] ONE,1. Join a match.2. Die to a camper behind the tree.3. Think about the meaning of life.4. ♥♥♥♥ it let's play another match.5. Oh it's 5 a'clock already.Still love it!
76561198039420512,Not Recommended,578080,31031443,Posted: 8 April,all,ghilliesuitgaming,Refund while you can. It is not worth the effort to try to make the game enjoyable.
,Recommended,578080,30783070,Posted: 27 March,all,Enslav3d,"On the first day of early access its already better than DayZ Standalone that's been in early access for 3 years.Great Battle Royale game, much to look forward to."
,Not Recommended,578080,33682104,Posted: 20 July,all,¡Snikah!,Terrible admins will ban you if you fight back against a team killer.https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/6ofn19/am_i_in_the_wrong_here/
,Not Recommended,578080,34013243,Posted: 4 August,all,〓 iZnoGouD,http://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHXhttp://imgur.com/a/XftHX
,Recommended,578080,34860630,Posted: 10 September,all,Saw,"Achei que me arrependeria de comprar esse jogo, igual aquela música always do Bon Jovi. Mas foi totalmente ao contrário, acho que depois de GTA e Arma 3, foi uma das melhores experiências multiplayer que tive, recomendo fortemente. Jogo não está completo ainda, tem diversos problemas, mas não é um jogo injusto, só depende de vc e da sua sorte ser um bom player nesse jogo. É desafiador, recomendo ter um grupo de amigos para jogar com você, a experiência fica mais divertida e viciante."
,Not Recommended,578080,34808625,Posted: 7 September,all,zeek,You are not allowed to kill streamers.How to play.Player Unkown is a game sorta like battle royal with 100 people but you are not allowed to kill streamers. That is stream sniping and illegal.
,Not Recommended,578080,33835764,Posted: 27 July,all,✪ h motherfuckin a,"Micro-transactions in early access even though they promised none of that BS in early access. Now they are pushing this buggy early access game which is still badly optimized, server crashes like 4 times in a day into a competitive scene. They make a crap load of money from this game and they still can't afford to upgrade their servers. Bluehole more like rip a hole in ur pants."
,Not Recommended,578080,33833038,Posted: 27 July,all,Seth BOOT,Another early access game that sees success and starts to get money hungry by implementing microtransactions into their already $30 game whilst taking away free features of the game. This is getting tiresome.
,Recommended,578080,31007474,Posted: 7 April,all,Bielak206,"Love the game, but please repair those hit scans, i have enought of shooting enought bullets to kill the guy without him dying. Thank you sincerly somewhat happy player.PS: Yes i know about bullet drop and travel time im speaking about CQB stuff."
76561198045320507,Recommended,578080,33121279,Posted: 2 July,all,Jiiake,Great game but fps must be fixed.
76561198043338718,Recommended,578080,30865224,Posted: 31 March,all,The Memesiah,"So I'm sitting terrified in a house waiting to try and ambush the guy I just heard walking outside. I have a shotgun with a few shells and a 1911, so engaging at range is not an option. I hear a car engine and stop peeking from the window. Suddenly, a burst of rifle fire rings out... but not at me. I hear the door downstairs opening, then rapid footsteps as a guy in a motorcycle helmet toting an M16 backs up the stairs. I raise my gun. He hasn't seen me.Before i have a chance to fire, the guy takes one to the head. I duck around the corner as the killer appears at the top of the stairs. I wait for him to go and loot the guy he killed.I fire one shotgun shell into the back of his head and he goes down. I loot both the bodies. 30 seconds later I have an M16, an AKM, body armour, 100 rounds of ammo and severe PTSD.Fantastic moments like this are pretty common in this game, but at least 7 times out of ten you'll be one of the guys on the stairs.8.5/10, will be a 9.5 when they optimise it."
,Recommended,578080,33167533,Posted: 2 July,all,Arsonall,It's hunger games and♥♥♥♥♥
76561198091523665,Recommended,578080,33141076,Posted: 2 July,all,Stahp Meh,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,578080,31682263,Posted: 11 May,all,Easy For Ence,Very fun game and would definitely recommend over h1z1. Only issue is optimization.
,Recommended,578080,31771138,Posted: 15 May,all,Ultimate,"Great game so far! Can be a very fast paced game which i like:1- Join a game either as a solo, dual (2 players) or a team of 4.2- Jump out of a plane and land at your desired location and loot everything you can hoping to find a sort of good weapon.3- Kill any enemy's that you see, making sure your always inside the zone on time.4- Win the game or loose the game. Its always fun to start playing straight again!The only thing that needs improvement that i can see currently is the stability of the game. A lot of people have to run this game on minimal settings even though their PC should definitely be able to play this game in max settings. Other than that its a great game!In my opinion it is more fun to play as duo's or a team. Gives you more of a chance if you go down, then your team mate(s) can attempt to revive you!"
,Recommended,578080,30848991,Posted: 31 March,all,th1ccB0y47 #thiccb0ysrule,"Hella worth for five reasons- Gunplay is phenominal and clearly the center focus of the game- Competitive balance is on point; Ghostcrawlers and Phreaks are not being hired at Bluehole- The developers care about the game. They're the same guys that made TERA & have a committed release date / regular updates / detailed patch notes / the way they talk about game design makes sense. Bugs are fixed on a same-day basis. Daily updates to servers! I don't believe daily updates to servers do anything but them saying they're doing daily updates makes me feel like they care about the servers unlike another Battle Royale game- Huge hit with giant Twitch numbers and a bigger current USA playerbase than H1Z1 after just a few days of release. A big playerbase means money for updates and your friends will be more easily persuaded to buy it if everyone is already playing- Future development looks great: ranked matches, new maps, new guns/vehicles (motorcycles are set to comeout April), hardcore mode (1st person), cool skin economy design, ""levels"" for playing more that give you cosmetic stuff like reload animationsOverall I feel like it's currently a great game and $30 is the perfect price point for what's expected to come. The only reason you wouldn't like this game is if your browser homepage iscoolmathgames.com& you don't like games with ambiguity"
,Recommended,578080,32872726,Posted: 27 June,all,BalliStiX,"Is Arma III too Hardcore? Is H1Z1 is too Arcadey?PUBG is a great balance of both, It's been my go to shooter for a while and i'm having a blast.It's great with friends and a fun challenge playing Solo.Note that the game is still early access so you will come across bugs, but the Devs are great and constantly listen to the community as well as telling us what they plan to work on in the next update.Great game and super fun.Grab a couple of friends and sit down for some ""Chicken Dinner"""
76561198058813023,Recommended,578080,32873410,Posted: 27 June,all,zonal,great game
,Recommended,578080,33170945,Posted: 2 July,all,Ex,"Great game, not had fun like this on a game for years."
76561197964458807,Recommended,578080,33148943,Posted: 2 July,all,Brock Kane,"This game is intense! Not an Early Access kind of gamer. But after reading all the positive reviews had to give it a go! And wow, glad I did!Although this game can be frustrating at times, during the learning curve. It's rewarding just the same! What I mean by ""learning curve"" is not game play, that is very easy to figure out. I mean the learning curve to try to stay alive. After you've played a few times, you get the idea on how to survive, at least to be in the middle of the pack. But when you one of 30 then 20 then of 10 survivors. That's when it gets very intense. You start to sweat, your heart starts pounding. You might just win this thing. Out of 99 players it's finally down to you and one other player. Then you realize, you're out of ammo! Damn, almost!Graphics are good. Although I hope they improve a bit. Game play is pretty smooth, not much lag to concern about.If I had one gripe about this game, it would be that there needs to be some kinda of replay on how you died. You know, like they have in Call Of Duty. I'm sure that wil be in future updates, I mean why not right?Map could be more detailed, but it's not bad. I'm sure there will be more maps and more detail in future updates.All and all, I am impressed with this game. I do indeed recommend it! Definitely worth the $30. Get it!"
,Recommended,578080,32334694,Posted: 10 June,all,Kimi,"Absolutely loving it 9/10 off the hook. It has a decent graphics quality for what it is and good weapon system the whole classic sort of feel to it. Gameplay is great. Honestly its one of those addictive games i play, varied, complex with endless fun. Only down side is the fact that i could never reconnect back once the game flawed. Chasing the last 3 constricting circles of death are indeed rough. It needs tactic approach as mostly youll end up being screwed from the sad♥♥♥♥♥electricity field not to the actual firefight. Hence map and situational awareness is vital. Moreover, the game style is just so wonderful i love the way how the circle is on a random principle making it unpredictable where to position yourself. The damage dealt and speed from mid to late game is desirable, nerfing it would be way less tense and too dull. I would love to have a day and night feature to make it a bit more hardcore. Join a task force and get into the team spirit. This game is worth buying and a thing of taste"
,Recommended,578080,32920412,Posted: 28 June,all,Hermz,Nice Game
,Recommended,578080,33096188,Posted: 1 July,all,[PPTS] Janegak,"This game gives a great experienvce to the players, ofcourse if you have some abd luck you wont get good gear during your match, but you can make it to the top without good gear.best experience yet: I didn't find any weapons expect a pistol, i shoot al my ammo, two guys rush my building, i sneak in a room, enemy enters, I falcon punch the first, steal his ak-47 lead it and shoot the other guy, loot their sniper, scope, medicine and end 2nd in game :). -gotta love itTops:-Big map-Many weapons-great gameplay/gamemodeTips:-More maps-Vaulting over walls-More loot-Steam achievments and cards"
,Not Recommended,578080,33318043,Posted: 6 July,all,Tina,"Recommended... but not recommended. Concept is good, game is really interesting, BUT, game is zero optimized, servers are laggy, most of the time busy, full of cheaters, bugs.... Devs need to work on optimization, bugs and stuff like that not on extra maps and that kind of stuff (for now), if they want a game to  be better.Edit: Game is even worse then it was before. Last update completely ruined game. Graphics is worse then before, sound too ( example; driving a car is even louder then before while shooting is quieter than before, FPS (pff, horrible), i tought it was supposed to be optimized (or something like that). Then... servers:♥♥♥♥♥♥shit and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Laggy so much, fps dropping, before on mostly high details 70-80 fps, now like 20-40 fps... wtf???"
76561198283651708,Not Recommended,578080,33751184,Posted: 23 July,all,Yuset,"this game like a♥♥♥♥♥♥,  never play it ."
,Recommended,578080,31674742,Posted: 10 May,all,PICKLE RIIIIIIICK,"Only an hour in and I am already enjoying this a lot, scavenging for weapons and items, not knowing where your enemies might come from, and every kill you get feels satisfying. Its all a lot of fun."
76561198069823340,Not Recommended,578080,34162327,Posted: 10 August,all,Sn3aky-Snak3,"How are these guys adding micro-transactions before fixing the game first? Buy this game when it is fixed. More weapons should be added, and tools/gadgets, but hey that's just my two cents. Gameplay is enjoyable, and very intense 95% of the time. Please listen to your fanbase and the consumers first."
,Not Recommended,578080,34239376,Posted: 14 August,all,Keymash,"This game is fun, and I enjoy it a lot. Or at least that was the case. As this game has risen in popularity, so has the abundancy of hackers on OC and AS Servers. 7 wall hackers in under two weeks, getting one shot with a single Uzi round, even tonight, speed hackers two games back to back. I just don't understand this ""Hush Hush Nay Say"" culture this game has. You talk with other people, and there is always someone calling you a liar.Sometimes buildings take a long time to render, allowing people to shoot through walls. People actively exploit these bugs, but that is not what I am talking about. There are people doing these things 10, 20, even 30 mins into the game. I only call it, if I know 100% that the target does not have even the potential for a line of sight and they hit me without missing a shot. I'm honestly not sure what the devs are doing about this. The problem is getting worse each day and it seems that the devs care more about taking your money than stopping hackers. There are MASSIVE flaws in this game that are just not getting dev attention.Hacker rant out of the way, when there are no hackers, this is a thrilling game, everyone is a hunter being hunted by real players. Outsmarting, outpositioning, outplaying, even just psyching out a player netting you a kill or a narrow escape is a great feeling. These aren't stupid AI opponents, but clever (arguably sometimes) human beings constantly learning and adapting to the many situations and possibilies. Each players play style is shaped by their personal experiences of trial and error, and fatal mistakes. Apart from exploiting the game itself, there are no exploiting AI due to the lack thereof. One tactic may work on one person, but the next may have seen it before and knows how to counter it when you try it on them. Now you know how to counter it for when someone tries it on you. Now you can think of ways to counter that counter. It is a game about survival, evolution and of course, Chicken Dinner.A lot of fun, but in its current state, as an Aussie player experiencing many hackers and bugs, I can't recommend it. To people who live local to servers that AS players do not go on, go ham. Fun game."
,Recommended,578080,33216384,Posted: 3 July,all,JayDeh x,10/10 would camp in toilet again
,Recommended,578080,32061621,Posted: 30 May,all,Mannix,Brings a breath of fresh air for a PVP genre taking elements of The Hunger Games and Battle Royal FPS/TPS game.Pros:100 playersMassive map the size of an isalandLots and lots of loot!Co-OpRNGESUS!!!Last man/team standing wins.Quick load into matches.Cons:Can't sleep!!!
,Recommended,578080,33143491,Posted: 2 July,all,Vyce,great game :D
76561197961434704,Not Recommended,578080,35077171,Posted: 19 September,all,Nadja,"I definitely cannot recommend the game yet.  It is in early access and you can feel that with each update.  The developers do not seem to be moving towards getting it out of early access but rather trying to add content to the game for the current players, as though the game was done.Have you ever had to refresh a lobby in a game?  I haven't until now.  With the latest update we can't even join the game because the lobby is so broken.Want to shoot out a window? It looks like you can, but after you die you will realize all your bullets are just hitting the wood panel because in order to shoot out a window you have to be fully standing.Hiding behind a car shooting at a player?  Oh, actually the cars hitbox is more than what you see so none of your bullets are getting past the car.They are adding feature after feature, and even added a place where you can spend more money to get a key to unlock super loot boxes.  Yet they still have a ""Refresh UI"" button for their lobby screen.  The developers do not seem to be prioritizing getting out of early access.  They want more money and more users.I haven't yet ran into the streamer sniper ban, fingers crossed.  I guess if you have so many users you can afford to ban a few hundred arbitrarily."
,Recommended,578080,33205013,Posted: 3 July,all,Bryze,"So I didn't really like H1Z1 but decided to give this game a try because all my friends are playing it. The day I bought it I played until 6am and have been playing every day. Such a blast with friends, but I wouldn't recommend it if you're playing solo. If you have a good group that plays definitely get it or else you're missing out on a great time!"
76561198089245007,Not Recommended,578080,33818443,Posted: 26 July,all,Marzy,"This game is awful. Close range combat is a joke. Shooting over any railings or slight ledges is garbage. Everyone just camps in a house. Good game idea, poorly executed though. Only fun part is playing with teamates. If your play this game solo you'll have a bad time. 2/10 would not recommend. Also this guys is trying to add in game purchases while its still early access. cmon finish the game first"
76561198045193078,Not Recommended,578080,33819261,Posted: 26 July,all,Nationalistic Canadian,"Great game but the dev's lied about adding microtransactionsI won't be paying any money for keys, the CSGO model is cancer."
,Recommended,578080,30832233,Posted: 30 March,all,ReloadedCS,"I used to play a lot of Arma2 DayZ and KotH and this game really hits the nail on the head with its pacing and gameplay in my opinion. Animations and gameplay is not as stiff as Arma2/3 and not as arcady as H1Z1.If you liked Arma2/3 or DayZ combat, but it just felt to clunky and slow or you like KotH games already this game is probably worth your purchase!Although performance is far away from perfect its by far the best running early access game I've ever played, especially considering it's been out for just a week now. I never ran into a ""gamebreaking"" bug or anything like that.The patching announcements from the developers really react to what the community criticised the most and quite a few gameplay mechanics have been changed already (crouching sounds, lobby sounds, pace of circles in endgame) which is a very promising sign.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game!"
,Not Recommended,578080,34365116,Posted: 19 August,all,Dacryon,"This game is bayond laggy and glitchy. I die constantly due to either lag spikes or the ""outstanding"" lag compensation. Its not me because my connection is great and my hardware is way over the recommended specs. The game is just a mess that  hardly works."
76561198056769515,Not Recommended,578080,34833904,Posted: 9 September,all,Porporo,Dont honk!
,Not Recommended,578080,34467791,Posted: 24 August,all,Maher,The only reason this game's popular is because streamers hype it. Get out of the rush you sheep.Also Cheney made money off the Iraq War.
,Recommended,578080,33353327,Posted: 7 July,all,Wess,better with friends but i have none. ;(
,Not Recommended,578080,34005397,Posted: 3 August,all,Pupper,It just keeps getting worse.
,Recommended,578080,34227938,Posted: 13 August,all,sxnlit,"A fantastic game. It's received the popularity that it was for a reason. Leave it at that.Sure, there may be some optimization issues, bugs, server lag, etc.I bought the game... a few months ago I believe, it was still fairly new.It's improved A LOT, trust me, and it's only going to continue on this path.Plus uh.. *cough* crates...*cough*free*cough*moneyI love this game in all seriousness and I've enjoyed it all. I hope that if you're considering purchasing this game, to definitely do some research and see if it's a good fit for you. It may be discouraging at first and you may be clueless, but trust me. Give it some time, and I'm sure you'll love it."
76561198126473216,Recommended,578080,31569660,Posted: 5 May,all,Alaawii,causes heart attacks
,Not Recommended,578080,34019714,Posted: 4 August,all,Jesus,"won 2 solos in a row, got the invitational crate, cant even open it without paying $2.50"
,Not Recommended,578080,33727564,Posted: 22 July,all,Mr. Schwul,"Great concept, but it needs a lot of performance increases, hitreg fixes, weapon balancing and a working anti cheat system.Get it if it is cheap or if it has been fixed."
76561198045289709,Not Recommended,578080,34829301,Posted: 8 September,all,MethPoodle,"I really really wanted to give this game a good review. Ive had hours of fun in squad with my friends.I've learned to ignore the small bugs that come with an early access title. HOWEVER, the latest bug I've encountered can't be ignored. I've been sullied with the infamous loading screen bug. I've tried every work around I can find online, but to no avail.Unfortunately thats why until this is fixed, PUBG will be getting a big thumbs down from me."
,Recommended,578080,33302314,Posted: 5 July,all,alopez1374,Became one of my favorite gameThe game runs eay better than when it came out love all the new updates to the game
76561198146210978,Not Recommended,578080,34845258,Posted: 9 September,all,chickenboxer,needs optimizing
,Not Recommended,578080,33893618,Posted: 29 July,all,Wanijima,micro-transactions in Early Access.?? :|
,Not Recommended,578080,33303085,Posted: 6 July,all,Neziwi,"This game seems fun, and certainly the gameplay in itself is fun, I cannot lie. The premise of finding weapons and items and duking it out in a play area that's constantly shrinking is a great concept, and it could definitely work and be a successful game. However, due to the nature of the game, players are greatly rewarded for camping (which is further enabled by third-person camera angles) and greatly punished for being aggressive or taking risks. Whoever sits in one spot and waits the longest wins, and it makes for very boring gameplay. I would like to see some changes be made to punish slow playstyle and reward aggressive/risk taking behavior, as currently it is WAY too powerful to get a gun of any kind and sit and watch an area with third-person camera to get free kills."
,Recommended,578080,32906259,Posted: 27 June,all,ToyBoy,"One of the very few games that was so addictive, I hoped my friends didn't see how many hours I've put into it within the first 2 days (it's 25~)On a more serious and useful note, it needs polishing, system requirements are pretty high, but it's the best battle royale game so far and it's finished enough to get the base experience."
,Recommended,578080,31285370,Posted: 21 April,all,PAPEZ,+1
,Not Recommended,578080,33682342,Posted: 20 July,all,Siman,"Its got a ways to go... controls are kluncky and unintuitive, UI is next to a garbage can. This game has a ton of potential but its waisted on simple problems. Another issue is more of a battle ryoal type games as a whole, the over use of ""death zones"". There has to be a better way to limit play area than to have an ever decreacing circle of doom. Death to another player is enjoyable, death to poor game mechanics, UI, and controls are not. I cant recomend this game as it is right now, but its a rough dimond. I look forward to revising my review of this as it goes along."
76561198001374495,Not Recommended,578080,34551579,Posted: 28 August,all,Sam Crow,"A bit better mechanics than H1Z1, still miles away from being good mechanics, which is a disgrace in 2017. The main drawback with popular shooters is hackers. And now that PUBG is the most played shooter out there, if you are going to buy this game, expect to see allot of them. They say they have an anticheat going banning people, take it with a grain of salt. Valve, which is a firm with considerable more resources than Bluehole hasn't been able to do anything about cheaters in CS GO for 4 years now, besides the ocassional ban wave every few months that literally does nothing. Don't expect Bluehole's anticheat to be any better."
,Not Recommended,578080,33811814,Posted: 26 July,all,Mr. King Shan,Micro transactions
,Not Recommended,578080,33811840,Posted: 26 July,all,Wellet,"Paid cosmetic before launch? Get ready for this game to go down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like every other early access games, this one is no different. Not even released and the're already breaking promises."
76561198012733102,Not Recommended,578080,33811853,Posted: 26 July,all,Sup Dood,"Went back on his promise to have no micro-transactions until the game releases.  On top of that, these are terrible crate + key micro-transactions.  The game creator is completely incompetent, he is a PR nightmare and may very well destroy this game in a year's time."
,Recommended,578080,33733283,Posted: 22 July,all,theporkhunts,My wife has taken the dog and said she not coming back until i stop playing PUBG.I'm Going to miss that dog....
76561198116640681,Recommended,578080,31362226,Posted: 25 April,all,FoXeR,Most intensive adrenaline pumping Battle Royale game out there.So screw h1z1 and lets eat some chicken for our dinner.I would rate this game 9/10 just because of some bugs and kinda poor optimization at the moment but devs are working as hard as they can on it so all we need to do is wait.So i wish you good luck survivors and i will see you on the battlegrounds.
,Not Recommended,578080,33978362,Posted: 2 August,all,Medicynal,"""We're not doing monetization during early access, it'll be afterwards.""  lul"
,Not Recommended,578080,34019015,Posted: 4 August,all,Your Favourite Shoob,"It's been sort of positive so far for me, but with the recent microtransactions that make no sense, it's kind of asinine for the dev to do, especially after releasing a £27 game in Early Access.But now, even after all that, and the poor optimisation issues, the game is now literally unplayable for me as after the recent 5.3GB update, my game constantly crashes. They'll really need to pull something quick in order to fix this up."
76561198212227296,Not Recommended,578080,34019673,Posted: 4 August,all,Sparticus,Does not run well at all. I have a RAM that is over twice the recommended and it is incredibly glitchy and slow.
,Not Recommended,578080,33685103,Posted: 20 July,all,|Dgtl| Drakia,"While the game is fun, the administration has recently taken a wrong turn in how they are handing out bans.If you purchase the game, expect to have trolls doing their best to get your account banned due to the new ""zero tolerance"" stance the staff are taking."
76561198045686068,Not Recommended,578080,33927535,Posted: 31 July,all,The belt-less trenchcoat,"Honestly, way too many things need fixing in this PRE-RELEASE before micro transactions are put in, and to be honest with the server lag im surprised they even have them spawn in the game to begin with. If they dont start rolling out proper bug fixes soon, especially once crates are out, ill be requesting a refund. The game is fun but you can quickly get sick of it when bullets hit random nearby walls/objects instead of an enemy that you're aiming at, or when the games physics engine decides to ruin your game. Considering games go for as long as they do, its obsurdly frustrating to die to poorly resolved mechanics, if any resolution has even been attempted. Bluehole, pls fix. This has gotten beyond a joke."
,Recommended,578080,30907396,Posted: 2 April,all,federica tutto quello che ho,"If you were like me you loved H1Z1, the realism, the challenge, everything about it, then the update came out and it ruined everything and haven't played it since... if that describes your feelings on H1Z1 then you must buy this game, it is no less than a reincarnation of the old, GOOD, H1Z1 but even better, tons of really cool guns, nice selection of vehicles (including boats...), bombing zones, shrinking circle, 100 person games, attatchments, grenades, ghillie suits, snipers, nice cities, outskirts, and bodies of water. This game is well worth the money and the ONLY thing you need to be aware of is the performance, you can NOT play this if you have a borderline PC, lets face it, this is an early access game, this is meant to run on a modern gaming PC, if you have a laptop or a PC that generally is behind the curb on technology you need to wait to buy this game until optimization or you upgrade. However if you have a decent, modern PC, you can easily run this game, turn down the settings maybe if you have to. I have 8 gb of ram, i7, GTX 980 overclocked and I run it easily."
,Recommended,578080,33513139,Posted: 13 July,all,End uwu,true
76561198313573773,Not Recommended,578080,35404895,Posted: 1 October,all,MyPhoneCase,Game laggy af ful of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t seen players with Godmode and Teleportation would never recomend to another person unless i really hated them
,Not Recommended,578080,34007376,Posted: 3 August,all,Come gamdom.com,"WORST UPDATE EVER !!!! 5GB FOR NOTHING , THX FOR GET LOW MY FPS , NICE 5GB UPDATE --'''"
,Not Recommended,578080,35424950,Posted: 2 October,all,hit that bitch with the uwu,"the gameplay is fun but the development is slowing down drastically, the devs are making stupid changes and ignoring glaring issues and now they went as far as putting ♥♥♥♥ing advertisements into the menu of the chinese versionand the optimization is literally the worst I've seen in any game"
,Not Recommended,578080,35365941,Posted: 30 September,all,kaipy,A game filled with:-Poor optimiztion-Unstable Servers-Imbalanced weapons-Hackers-Even unable login to the gameStill asking for a positive review?
,Not Recommended,578080,33815125,Posted: 26 July,all,Mathue24,Greedy devs that apparently need another 150.000.000$ to continue developing the game by adding stupid gambling microtransactions similar to CSGO IN THE EARLY ACCESS when they promised NOT to; nice work Bluehole.
,Not Recommended,578080,33810856,Posted: 26 July,all,Celsian,"This game was proceedingy through Early Access at an alarming rate, the game is fun and matches get better all the time. This success went to the developers heads, moderators started power tripping and Player Unknown decided 5 million copies sold wasn't enough money. Enter CS GO style crates during early access. Broken promises and lackluster updates while optimization is still a problem. As such I cannot recommend this game until they rethink their business and public relations strategies. It's a nightmare right now."
76561198308369427,Not Recommended,578080,35084883,Posted: 20 September,all,DimitriTheIndependentWoman53,It's a really coll game... BUTTT really laggy bad optimized and stuff like that...PLS FIX
,Not Recommended,578080,34770686,Posted: 5 September,all,BustaDontRhyme,"You will get banned for the smallest of things so you can buy another copy and give them more of your money.Because of this game, I now have a red dot on my profile. I was banned for the stupidest reason you can imagine... for using a Twitch style overlay over the game, one that I've been using for a year on all other games when I stream on Twitch. I guess they couldn't handle my world class hacking with some ♥♥♥♥ing overlay graphics huh.Focus more on ACTUAL hackers with aimbots and wall hacks than going after a mf for using a custom overlay for Twitch to advertise YOUR game.Also, appealing your ban is impossible. Contact devs on the forum, and they'll ask you to email Battleye support and appeal there. Email them, and you'll never hear back from them, EVER. Even if you get lucky and do somehow, they'll basically be like ""Deal with it, my ego is on the line and my algorithm is always right even when it's not. Don't ever doubt my baby.""The game sub-par anyway. The gunplay is clunky to say the least, a straight rip off of the default Unreal Engine fps starter project. The game only has ONE map LMAO. You know how long it would take me to knock out a 10 sq/km map with a few buildings in World Machine and get it looking good in an engine? 2 days. And they can't come out with one for over a year even with all those resources.Yes, EVERYONE and their moma are playing this game right now but, give it a year and this♥♥♥♥♥♥would be nowhere to be found.Stay away from this game and save your money. These devs don't hesitate to abuse their power."
76561198108322883,Recommended,578080,31764146,Posted: 15 May,all,BlondeJesus,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█PUBG▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░░░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░H1Z1░░░▐░█░░░░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░
76561197998808840,Not Recommended,578080,34495716,Posted: 25 August,all,Deathwizxx,"What a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs. They absolutely adore their twitch streamers and it really shows with all the bans and custom servers. I bet that those servers load in without a problem eh? Im on a rig that can handle this game no problem but it takes a great amount of luck to load into the game at all, let alone before im halfway through the airplane ride or even sometimes in the afk zone. Instead of fixing issues they are trying to hype up their game before its done, i see another ark incoming."
,Not Recommended,578080,35395940,Posted: 1 October,all,Rufio,"Oookay well.I haven't played this game in quite a while, I really enjoyed it while it lasted and it was tons of funs with friends. HOWEVER, devs of this game are arguably the WORST devs of all time. First, they started silencing people who told them about their game's cons and what it lacked at steam forums by either banning them or deleting criticism topics which reached 50+ posts, or straight out locking them without giving proper reply when there isn't even a drama going on. We've also witnessed a PR guy of PUBG being passive agressive on Steam forums, I'm not quite sure if he's still working at PUBG's studio but I hope not. I tried to ignore steam discussions as, well, it's steam discussions and everyone is salty up there. However, one thing I will NEVER tolerate is devs' attitude. First, they started banning people for honking. What's the purpose of a honk in a BR game if you aren't going to spam it for fun? Are we playing Euro Truck Simulator 2 or am I missing something? Then the devs started to randomly ban people because they've killed a streamer with the reason of ""stream sniping"" when at the very least 90% of them probably weren't even watching a stream. Then the devs thought it was the best idea to go after Fortnite as PUBG is ""original"". Now, let's talk about facts, shall we? How ""original"" can a gamemode taken straight out of Battle Royale(Kinji Fukasaku - 2000) the movie be? Moving on, the very FIRST mod that has tried Battle Royale was actually a Minecraft gamemode which came straight after Hunger Games the movie and Battle Royale is practically Last Man Standing gamemode as well, which was used in Quake 3, a game from 1999 which was made by EPIC GAMES. The same company that has created Fortnite. PUBG also uses Unreal Engine, an engine that was originally built for Unreal Tournament but was then made public. Developers of the engine? Yup, Epic Games.You might love or hate Fortnite, I personally hate it because it's arcade, but that doesn't mean PUBG's devs can go after Epic Games with shady tactics. I am sure PUBG could've beaten Fortnite easily without bringing shady tactics to the table, people are sick and tired of the Arcade gamestyle hence why people are moving from H1 to PUBG. PUBG is less arcade-ish and feels more tactical and realistic than it's counterparts, you could've used it easily but you preferred to go after Epic Games with shady business tactics.I am more or less sure I'll be banned after this review but oh well, money well spent?TLDR devs are weird. As a dev myself literally EVERY dev copies stuff from one another because it's hard and time consuming to write everything from scratch and I am pretty sure PUBG's devs also copied a bunch of stuff from pre-written scripts/programs. There's really no reason to be butthurt."
,Not Recommended,578080,34621348,Posted: 30 August,all,Chap,Can't ADS by holding. Forced to have a useless toggle. Made by incompetent and arrogant developers it seems.
76561198075567911,Not Recommended,578080,34597178,Posted: 29 August,all,Sraeoz,"At first I enjoyed this, but not anymore. These developers are only after your money. Microtransactions are a joke, seriously, what have they done after they added their special  microtransactions. FPP is good....If there's servers in your area. It's been a month since adding FPP and still no OC server support, because of a lack of interest. It's all anyone wants to play, so basically thery've alienated a large population of their community. Doesn't matter though because they already have our money! Well played blueballs. Not to mention all of their empty promises of new content, gamebreaking bugs etc, etc. Very dissapointing dev team, just looks like another EA let down...The game is dying"
76561198040015720,Not Recommended,578080,34597229,Posted: 29 August,all,Bingus,Frequent network drops and terrible physics. Don't charge so much for a game that you can't even play.
,Not Recommended,578080,34544211,Posted: 27 August,all,Elli 78,Banning people for stream sniping. Bad.
76561198087886266,Recommended,578080,32890925,Posted: 27 June,all,Haags,Great Game servers a bit wonky
,Not Recommended,578080,33804831,Posted: 26 July,all,Dragunov is my waifu <3,"Ok, dont get me wrong, the game is good but it has so many glitches/bugs its unbelievable (getting stuck,game crashes,animation bugs, etc.)Its a really good game if you can ignore♥♥♥♥♥♥like that,but it gets so annoying when you die cause a bug or get stuck somewhere. Lets just say the game isnt ""E-Sports"" readyJust dont buy any early access if you dont want alot of bugs,low content, etc.The good thing is that the devs actually work on the game not like others which is good.Game runs fine on my system.(still gonna play the game and probably gonna change the review when they fix some of the annoying bugs/crashes, still the best battle royal game out right now)"
,Not Recommended,578080,34378294,Posted: 20 August,all,P-Body,"Despite meeting the minimum requirements, this game froze very often for me. Along with that, I was unable to talk on discord as the game made me not be able to talk for some reason for half of the time.Also I don't want to support another company adding microtransactions to a buggy and unpolished game.Can this game be fun? Yes. Encountering others players is exhilerating, and many cool moments can be made with friends.Will I recommend it? No. It's very buggy and doesn't feel finished. There's even a button on the main menu to resfresh the UI in case there's bugs with it. Do they fix this? No. They add microtransactions instead. Cannot recommend."
76561198124728809,Not Recommended,578080,34347840,Posted: 19 August,all,Muad'Dib,when they update game and think they fix something actually they broke more than they fixed. i dont think game ever will be optimized. and its feels repetitive too. i think hype going down after a year so. dont get me wrong probably game always have +150k player too but its all about hype...
76561198080299537,Not Recommended,578080,35488637,Posted: 5 October,all,Sugrob-2,RECONNECT@RECONNECT@RECONNECT
,Not Recommended,578080,35488805,Posted: 5 October,all,Mr.NoobMedic,No hope No future No serverThat's all about this Amazing Game.
,Not Recommended,578080,34245904,Posted: 14 August,all,Reaper  [Twitch Reaper86TV],Its fun but very badly optimized. I am playing on a 1070 and getting lot of fps drops that makes the beginning of the game unplayable. Thats why for now i am giving it a down vote.
76561197973304016,Not Recommended,578080,34418466,Posted: 22 August,all,emtwo,"This is a great idea for a game, but not a great game.Game runs like garbage on all but the absolute-highest end computers that money can buy. To make matters worse, your success in each match is often determined by how quickly you render the environment after airdrop. So basically, whoever has the best computer has a HUGE and insurmountable advantage for the rest of the match. No thanks.On top of that, the small development team has already shown signs of breaking promises and development slowdown. This game is beginning to show all the classic signs of a project that will never be completed.My advice to anyone thinking about buying this game:Wait a few years for a developer that doesn't suck to take the concept and make a game that's actually decent."
,Recommended,578080,33353449,Posted: 7 July,all,Miami3 [ESG],"Alright.... this game is absolutely wonderful to play. It can be very frustrating to play sometimes but it's always fun. The whole way it plays is just so different and fun. The developers are working hard on it with new content and bug fixes which is always great.Pros:-Can play with friends-Weapon variety-Feels different and unique-Great active development team-Lots of potential in the future-For the price it's worth every penny-Weapon customization-RealisticCons:-Could use better optimization-It's early access, so yes there is still bugs-Play zone closes way to quick (very specific annoyance to me)I would definitely recommend this game for its current price tag of 30$ and it's current state of the game. A+"
76561198022660265,Not Recommended,578080,35448241,Posted: 3 October,all,Melkpak,Beertje is mooi
,Not Recommended,578080,34545100,Posted: 27 August,all,123,IM BEHIND THE ♥♥♥♥ING TREEE!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,578080,31764897,Posted: 15 May,all,Vernietiging,"Pros:- incredibly variative gameplay- decent balance (for EA)- RNG-based gameplay- teamwork, tactics and teamplay is not enforced artificially but through the actual human interactionCons:- poor optimization- narrow choice of weaponry at the moment- Unreal Engine 4- awful vehicle physics- RNG-based gameplayI was not expecting anything impressive or at least enjoyable from another one Early Access survival (kinda) game, but PUBG managed to surprise me.If the developers manage to keep the pace for updates and fixes, this game could become an example of simple yet decent game."
,Recommended,578080,33341562,Posted: 7 July,all,< Huy Lâm >,Cons: We need a practice range :(
,Recommended,578080,33349405,Posted: 7 July,all,It's Jack.,"sit in a bush for 30 minutes, while #2 in-game. Was trying to hard to find the last guy...turns out he was sitting on the next bush doing the same ting i do.i have a shotgun~ Match Won!9/11 would bush again"
,Not Recommended,578080,35229264,Posted: 26 September,all,ALLAHU AKBAR,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ЛАГУЧАЯ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,578080,35229269,Posted: 26 September,all,skiamakia,terrible optimisation !!
,Not Recommended,578080,35417311,Posted: 2 October,all,Kunimura,"Even though I spent 300 hours on this game, it's still not worth my money."
,Not Recommended,578080,35419542,Posted: 2 October,all,Sea-shroom,i wanna join this bandwagon
,Not Recommended,578080,35496215,Posted: 5 October,all,brum,too many WoDeHuaBanXiee's.
76561198049619327,Not Recommended,578080,35497462,Posted: 5 October,all,Ho Lee Fuk,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Not Recommended,578080,35499014,Posted: 5 October,all,Hitman,laggy and can not see my ping to choose appropriate server.would not recommend at this state.
76561198051553801,Not Recommended,578080,33872540,Posted: 28 July,all,Zane,"I got my money's worth; I wouldn't recommend this game though due to the poor direction by the devs. Cosmetics are only going to take away from the experience, in my opinion.Servers, performance, and content/balancing should be their concern here, not cosmetics."
,Not Recommended,578080,35482075,Posted: 4 October,all,machiwuto,"Pros: This game is really fun, especially when playing with friends.Cons: This game is terribly optimized and the devs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561198338718770,Not Recommended,578080,34014134,Posted: 4 August,all,AIDSMaster69,♥♥♥♥ing game keeps crashing everytime
,Recommended,578080,31358642,Posted: 25 April,all,VikBox123,"Great concept of a game with impressive servers considering the time it takes to join a game and the fact that there are 100 people in each game. The game is definitely far from being fully released as there are still a lot of bugs and optimization problems. But as of now, this is probably the most popular game out there right now. I am quite addicted."
76561197998625658,Not Recommended,578080,33978125,Posted: 2 August,all,Bultizar,"Was really cool till i learned that they are adding csgo microtransactions, so negative. Just let me pay for what i want to buy not random♥♥♥♥♥♥you want to randomly give me..."
76561198154545657,Not Recommended,578080,35334174,Posted: 30 September,all,#KiritoB>Skins70%/keys WMZ/BTC,so ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company .lagged Server and point game speed up like a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,578080,34767959,Posted: 5 September,all,Echrond,"I love this game to death really. I think the combat is on point, the gameplay is perfect and the community is just the perfect amount of cancer.That being said, when I'm able to go to Twitch and watch streams of relatively known streamers complaing about supposed stream sniping with no grounds or even reporting to the Dev's that they are being harassed, and there are actual bans coming out of it, I know that something is wrong. This became even more apparent when I looked at the recent reviews and 7/10 of them were talking about streamers, most commonly StoneMountain64, getting them banned for reasons of ""harassment"" or ""stream sniping."" After watching his stream for awhile, I saw just how often he would throw around these accusations and it was disapointing to me. The fact that the Dev's are actually banning players on this guys word is appalling to me.Until the Dev's take a second and realise that just because somebody streams their game to the internet and they want to stay on good terms with the majority, they can't begin banning their community without sufficient evidence of a breach of terms.I hope in the future I can change my review to the positive that this game deserves. Until that time, I'll continue avoiding every streamer I can.♥♥♥♥ Streamer Privilege"
76561198031573626,Not Recommended,578080,34546134,Posted: 27 August,all,killingoats,I'll get back to this review after future updates henceforth.
76561198120619778,Not Recommended,578080,35411950,Posted: 2 October,all,ST3AM,"bad server, cant handle many users"
,Not Recommended,578080,35458987,Posted: 3 October,all,ctrl.alt.me,"200 MBPS Connection and wired in... all day today I caught nothing but network lag and screen lock up. I understand this is early release, but I just want to point flaws like this because it is extremely frustrating.I would catch the network lag connection screen and I'd close out the game and reconnect and it would work fine. Then 3 minutes later the same thing would happen.I don't want to recommend this game currently for purchase because the game is still experiencing problems like this that prevent you from being able to actually play the game.As far as game play when it works it is amazing. I love the concept, but game inhibiting problems like this are kind of a deal breaker for game purchase."
,Not Recommended,578080,35482335,Posted: 4 October,all,Shogun,sellouts
,Recommended,578080,32947578,Posted: 28 June,all,᠌,best
,Recommended,578080,30840636,Posted: 30 March,all,Putars,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░H1Z1░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░
,Recommended,578080,31315438,Posted: 23 April,all,Crushfield,"Within the first 45 seconds after my boots hit the ground I found a 12g shotgun, as im loading the rounds in, I hear a scurry of foot steps near me. I put my back in the corner of the room, waiting silently for them to pass. My eyes are now pinned to the door directly infront of me. To my dismay...the door opens, there stands an unarmed dark skin gentleman with the sickest bob ross fro in existence. I knew what I had to do...I pushed my white guilt aside, I placed the reticle center mass on his chest and trayvon martin'd that mother ♥♥♥♥er into the next dimension. I repeated this process 3 times and eventually all the footsteps came to a halt. I placed a waypoint center circle and took off like a madman into the woods. 5 minutes later I find a wooden crate. Now equipped with my new colombine trenchcoat, smg and motorocycle helmet...I take a moment to manage my inventory behind a sturdy tree. Suddenly I see a pink mist. GAME OVER...Apprently somone JFK'd me from the grassy knoll just south west from my location."
,Recommended,578080,33142410,Posted: 2 July,all,Marcellus Wallace,"This is quite a good game.After looting many houses and gathering a lot of equiptment I then picked up my good friend Meelad on my motorbike. Meelad being quite good at the game kept asking to drive to the point where he started shouting but because the dangerous blue zone was closing in on us he had to make a compromise. So here I am driving over 100km/h with Meelad on the back and with the blue zone closing in on us, I feel like im in an intense movie scene... It's coming even closer but we are almost to safety. Suddenly the motorbike flips in the air and we both die.Meelad's last words were, ""You stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥I told you I should have driven you ♥♥♥♥ing retard""."
,Recommended,578080,31387896,Posted: 26 April,all,Habib skinhub.com,Bunch of nerds♥♥♥♥ty server lagterrible physicsLets add more vehicles
,Recommended,578080,33142560,Posted: 2 July,all,Hupsel,Good game best battle royale available 9/10
76561197994894832,Not Recommended,578080,33721838,Posted: 22 July,all,suhdude,FIX THIS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,578080,33821265,Posted: 26 July,all,Knightmr,"Played heavily on the weary and battered Early Access consumer, made promises to be different. No paid microtransactions until release, suddenly twisting the knife in deeper on the consumer/indie developer (outsourced Btw) relationship.  Can't say I'm super shocked, but insanely dissapointed in Bluehole's inability to fix the most vital and easily replicated of bugs, (Can't heal unless you drop your weapon)  And their attitude towards things like lens flare.  Should really just be called a♥♥♥♥♥♥filter, since it's just an ever present dirty monitor filter applied to the game, which they have recently forced on.  Performance is pathetic, yawing between playable and completely unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,578080,33800880,Posted: 25 July,all,Scroom38,"The dev team has made a few very anti-consumer choices lately. Bluehole will ban you for breaking rules that are listed nowhere in the game, and buried on their website. They have also announced a horribly anti-consumer loot crate system. $2.50 per crate opening, with a chance at duplicates. There will also be no way to obtain cosmetics without spending money, unlike every other game I play with a similar system. Overwatch is a great example of ""loot crates done right"".Bluehole, list your rules ingame, and at least pretend to be pro-consumer, and I will change this into a thumbs up. What you are doing is not ok."
,Not Recommended,578080,34161299,Posted: 10 August,all,Kenny,"Love the game, but the devs should really focus ALL of their attention fixing all the current bugs/improving stability instead of going for the moneygrabbing strat of microtransactions... Shame."
,Recommended,578080,30770957,Posted: 27 March,all,deleted all games,"It's badly optimised, I've got an i7-6700k and an RX 480, put it on ultra and my computer crashed. Put some settings down, Crucially Shadows, and you should be fine. Amazing game other than that."
,Not Recommended,578080,33810135,Posted: 26 July,all,Papyrus,It was an enjoyable ride before the micro-transactions were announced.
,Not Recommended,578080,33733292,Posted: 22 July,all,Barbados Plantation,"This game is way to overhyped. When I first began playing this game I thought it was perfect. The game played exactly how it was supposed to, with decent physics, realistic and fun shooting, and quality of life features that weren't in other games with this similar style. The more I played, however, the worse it got. I no longer think this game even deserves a buy anymore.Pros:-Fun and realistic shooting-Fast matchmaking-Regular updatesCons:-Optimization, desync, and input lag are absolutely terrible. This game runs so bad even on good systems.  The desync is the worst I've seen when compared to other games with a large amounts of people. The input lag will get you killed time after time again if you aren't careful. There is at least a one second delay ALWAYS when getting into a car.-On some windows there are bars perfectly in the way of where your bullets go. I see no competitive aspect to this and it just gets you killed most of the time.-Vehicles are so poorly done. Controls are cluncky and the vehicles themselves will flip at the slightest bit of force.-Grass and shadows are allowed to be disabled with mods. When grass is enabled, someone can lay in the grass while the grass blades go through there body. In some areas this makes a person almost invisible.-The circle warning is a small bar in the corner of the screen above the map. There is also a warning message, but you get so used to ignoring it that if you are in an intense firefight you'll forget to look(like most people) and end up dying. You can say its all apart of the game but a simple fix would be an audio warning.-No ingame report featureI came from playing Arma 3 battle royale. When I first played this game I thought it was incredible. Shooting, running, jumping, looting, and so much more were just overall better. The longer I played this game though, the more I realized I ended my games asking myself ""Why is this feature here"". There are too many problems with this game for me to recommend it anymore."
,Not Recommended,578080,33810229,Posted: 26 July,all,nw.,"Requiring people to spend money for cosmetics is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥, I'm fine with a system like Overwatch has where you can choose to spend money if you want, but still unlock things through gameplay. Until you announce you guys have changed your mind, I won't be recommending your game."
76561197962120839,Not Recommended,578080,33811120,Posted: 26 July,all,Joey,Paid DLC in early access.
,Recommended,578080,33255857,Posted: 4 July,all,Moat,"Pluses+Lots of ""friendly people""+Flying cars+Frying pans block bullets+China number oneMinuses-Jump like an autistic child-Can't ever tell where im being shot from-Can't ever find shotguns, only ""snipers"" ;)10/10 Would get shot from space again"
76561198122544068,Not Recommended,578080,34767493,Posted: 5 September,all,TylerFun,A fantastic game that I can't play because I live in Australia. A significantly WORSE game when you factor in 200+ ping to asian servers or choosing to play a less compelling or immersive third person mode.
,Not Recommended,578080,33842736,Posted: 27 July,all,☢lim Calc→BS f(x)=∞ ☣,"Developer goes back on his word, as simple as that."
,Not Recommended,578080,34063770,Posted: 6 August,all,boy,"Game lags, glitches and bugs. Loot is not scarce enough. Game doesnt feel finished or polished. Focus on new loot systems cahrging 2.50 for sneakers and shirts you can find ingame that all look awful.Not worth 30$. Not fun alone. Tiresome. Someone else needs to take the idea of this game and make it into something respectable."
76561198159068205,Recommended,578080,30852011,Posted: 31 March,all,Zukir,Jason Bourne Simulator
,Not Recommended,578080,33810174,Posted: 26 July,all,iRec,"At the moment I can not reccomend this game, especially at this price. It feels more like a tech demo. The graphics are accaptable at ultra settings, but at the expense of the performance. If you don't want the world to slowly build around you, you have to go with low settings. Crashes are not uncommon. The only world in the game so far is very repetitive and doesn't feel realistic.I really like the idea of the game, but the implementation is so terrible, that it stops most of the fun you could have. Also there needs to be much more content, to justify the price. I just hope, that by the time they have fixed the performance issues and added content the servers aren't completely empty.This game is just another example of a utterly unfinished and broken product being released as 'early access' and recieving a massive hype despite all it's giant flaws."
,Not Recommended,578080,31501072,Posted: 1 May,all,KAIIRU,"For those of you who are genuinely looking at reviews wondering if you should hop on the hype train let me inform you of a few things:PlayerUnknown A.K.A Brendan Greene, the guy behind this monstrosity is one of the worst kinds of developers.-Bans and disrespects his players with no remorse and for literally no legitimate reason.-caters to streamers, taking whatever reports they file as truth without hesitation, again banning the random players the reports involve.-introduces microtransactions in Early Access when he EXPLICITLY confirmed he would not add microtransactions during Early Access.-game is still buggy as hell even after raking in millions of dollars being one of the best sellers on Steam for months.at this point he's just using shock value for more publicity banning people who don't deserve it.One good thing about this game?I've already earned my money back from selling these microtransaction crates on the community market. Which is great because I can no longer refund this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,578080,34648498,Posted: 31 August,all,Doc,"This game is incredibly enjoyable, exciting and gets my adrenaline rushing like nothing I've ever played....BUT, until the devs stop banning people because streamers say they were ""harassed"", I'm giving it a thumbs down.Devs, honking a horn is NOT harassment. Explain to me how that effects someones stream or is harassment? Kill the person if they're doing that, and if they're in your squad, don't play with that person again (DUH). Also, when you're constantly being thrown into random servers, the odds of actually ""stream sniping"" someone is virtually impossible. This isn't like other games where you can find the server name and follow the streamer into it. Who the hell made this decision?Also, the broken promise regarding microtransactions. That is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shady. That's bad enough, but when there are so many glaring areas that need work, ignoring all of that to add a feature you said you wouldn't add until release is a straight kick in the nuts to your supporters.Devs, don't forget: We made you successful, and we can undo that by choosing not to buy anymore games from someone who isn't trustworthy, and thinks prioritizing streaming to the point of BANNING legitimate players who may not even be aware the other person is streaming is INSANITY. Whoever made this decision needs to be FIRED.You guys have created a PR nightmare for yourself and until you make it right it's only going to get worse. It's like you started out with a row boat and now you're flying around in a Yacht. Except now you decided to blow a hole in the bottom of the yacht, allowing it to take on water (which will inevitably sink it), but you choose to pretend the hole isn't there and that you didn't make it. GET BACK TO REALITY.Actual hacks deserve a ban, not because someone did something that some sniveling streamer didn't like."
,Recommended,578080,30780518,Posted: 27 March,all,JonnyRage,"One of the best early access games I've played. Yes there are still bugs and server problems. But they are in an acceptable limit. Gunplay is nice, graphics and performance could be improved.  But it's just way too much fun with friends not to recommend."
,Not Recommended,578080,33707672,Posted: 21 July,all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,"This game is really good gameplay wise IF you can stand the absolut♥♥♥♥♥performance, clunky movement, bad servers and dips to 30 FPS, community is suggesting solutions and for my case non worked. I'm not gonna touch the game until they fix it and I'm gonna try to keep it under 2 hrs in case it stays like this and I have to refund it. I have a gtx 980, i7-6700k and 16GB DDR4 ram so my rig is not a weak system to say the least. I've tried all the possible solutions listed online by other players but to no luck... my advise is that if you are on budget don't get this game and wait unless as I said you are OK with playing a shooter game with 30 FPS which I'm not. I'm expecting to get alot of down votes but here's my honest review.There are alot of praising going on about the game but non mention the awful performance and optimization issues, media is filled with positive feedback and all seem to forget about its problems which I find is quite fishy."
,Not Recommended,578080,33898449,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr Blobby's Wanksock,"Releasing luck based paid cosmetics in an early access game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ practice. Great game, but god damn it Bluehole, why go for the low hanging fruit, you had something special here."
,Not Recommended,578080,33921480,Posted: 30 July,all,SHOOGI SMOOTHIE & EGGI MARI,microtransactionstbh sort of wish i could refundalso dev is little baby man with insecurity issues
76561198085601922,Not Recommended,578080,33828300,Posted: 27 July,all,Nausea,"VERY UNPLEASANT GAME EXPERIENCESo many bugs, hackers and cheaters, 10 game include at least one aimbot..always stuck in some weird place and once I jump from a building in P city, I got stuck in there, no way to get out."
76561198020327278,Not Recommended,578080,35262584,Posted: 28 September,all,.penis,такой ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ тикрейт и хитбокс на 2 метра вперед еще поискать надо
,Recommended,578080,35037244,Posted: 17 September,all,ZenFire-,Recomended 👍
,Not Recommended,578080,34765499,Posted: 5 September,all,DeliciousPants,"This game is quite buggy in its current state, has a sizeable amount of cheaters online, and no Australian Server support in the first person mode. Do not recommend until these things improve."
,Not Recommended,578080,34407557,Posted: 21 August,all,Spooky-Jim,NO
,Not Recommended,578080,34733528,Posted: 4 September,all,🌊ｂｕｎｎｙ🌊,"This game has so much potential and yet wastes so much. So poorly optimized and buggy I had to get a refund after it wouldn't start on my pc anymore despite having over the minimum (WELL over). I only played around 3 matches but the core mechanics were fun. Until it crashed. Also the dev is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥ who bans people for no reason and should not be a game developer. Also there are already microtransactions. I don't mind microtransactions but that's in retail titles. It is appaling that playerunknown can make this game on low graphics settings run worse than bioshock infinite on high using the same engine. It is appalling that this dev can add microtransactions whilst the base game need so much ♥♥♥♥ing work; he could spend his time say, optimizing the game, instead of charging for cosmetics. I refuse to fund someone who thinks selling virtual shoes is better than optimizing to a decent extent, therefore I refunded the game and bought actual shoes."
,Recommended,578080,33867934,Posted: 28 July,all,unmute du kek,"good game, poor optimizationalthough the performance is pretty bad in its current state it is better than KOTK will ever be"
76561197980323443,Not Recommended,578080,34779809,Posted: 6 September,all,Munki,"Incredibly poor performance -- buyer beware the minimum specifications are deludedly optimistic. Note that my PC is well above 'minimum'.I wouldn't mind low fps or a steady 30 or 60 fps, but the problem with this game is the fps drops down to between 1 and 5 at random causing everything to freeze for a few seconds.Additionally pulling up the inventory causes more fps drops sometimes for 8 seconds long, which in my opinion is unforgivable considering the game is based around looting.It could be a popular rooty-tooty-looty-shooty game out there, but it doesn't work for me. I get 150 to 300 fps in CS:GO, in HD resolution (settings low) for comparison.Refunded, maybe will pick up when the game is out proper and if it can run properly; this 'review' is to warn that the game is unplayable in its current state (especially with reference to the minimum specifications on the store page)."
76561198034813073,Recommended,578080,30823104,Posted: 29 March,all,Tanuki,"Even though the optimization is terrible atm and servers are lagging from time to time... in its current state the game is 10 times better than H1Z1 whitch is on the market for much, much longer time.If you are a fan of Battle Royale I would difinitely buy PUBG instead of H1Z1. If you already have h1z1 then uninstall this♥♥♥♥♥♥and get yourself a copy of PUBG.Daybreak had their chance. For the past year they added nothing to the game. All you get are new crates with skins, whitch are not even tradeable. Hit register is broken and you got only 3 main guns for longer than a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥year! It is now the best time to open your eyes.PUBG is the best br game on the market. Upcoming updates seems very promising. Socially Dev's are very active."
76561198068393547,Not Recommended,578080,33858273,Posted: 28 July,all,Lord Voryn Ur,"Went back on their word and will support MicroTransactions yet the game isnt even out of Early Access. Love this game to death, just sad about the direction its going."
,Not Recommended,578080,33879738,Posted: 29 July,all,Myaora,"Better not kill any streamers you'll accidentally run into or they'll get you banned for 'stream sniping'. Clearly, all their deaths should be blamed on stream sniping, not on their own skill - or lack thereof. Devs protecting streamers over individual players clearly shows how much they value the faceless masses. How do they even prove someone is stream sniping?"
,Not Recommended,578080,34381401,Posted: 20 August,all,✯norypS,"Overpriced early-access piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with optimisation so bad I've never seen before...UI looks really bad and is unintuitive.Maybe from playing CS:GO for way too many hours I got overconfident with my aim but it seems like every enemy of mine shot more accurate than me.Then the bans for:-""harassing"" streamers are ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous but hey - somebody has to promote the game and interrupting the almighty streamers would be rude;-""stream sniping"" - well, other streamers discovered, wait for it -delay, magic!-using exploits in early access, w t f - maybe patch it and get mad with the programmer and not the guy who paid 30$ for bugged product?Also, I love how the devs ALREADY released the cases (but they said they wouldn't until release) with items for useless cosmetic changes, gotta learn from the best, ain't ya? Lord Gaben is proud of you.It really hurts my feelings that Greenlight was shutdown - which means a lot of possibly good indie games won't ever be released on steam but these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s are getting away with almost everything even in early access. I don't exactly understand how and why but I'm happy I got a refund...On the other hand it was helluva fun playing with friends but 30 bucks for another battle-royalish ARMA clone, and in early access to top that where devs treat normal players like♥♥♥♥♥♥ is way too much..."
76561197983910626,Not Recommended,578080,34353584,Posted: 19 August,all,fragi1e,Completely unoptimised. Not fit for public consumption. Casued massive system stability issues.
,Not Recommended,578080,34674948,Posted: 1 September,all,Redemption,Buy this if you like getting shot by people who don't have walls in their game
,Not Recommended,578080,33810920,Posted: 26 July,all,Repoman,"Microtransaction in a EA game? And breaking your FAQ saying you wouldn't? Why cant a game just release without out this stuff? I am adding this to my ever increasing list of scummy greedy Devs who have it good, and can make good games but just cannot help themselves overindulge in the cookie jar."
,Recommended,578080,32861493,Posted: 27 June,all,Abhi,"1. Join a game2. Follow me, im a snake.3. China number one.4. Inaudible screeching in plane.5. RageRepeat"
,Not Recommended,578080,35394993,Posted: 1 October,all,Indians Slayer !!,13 million copies sold .. they cant fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game ♥♥♥♥ you baam the magician for making me waste money on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game i have the best pc in the world and i cant play on medium settings wtf? baam please fk youuuuuu
76561198025050996,Not Recommended,578080,34873279,Posted: 10 September,all,DEOVONTAY MCSLANGA,"It's a buggy mess run by developers with little to no experience in making a proper game.I had fun with it for a while when patches were somewhat frequent and the game was showing improvement, but now that optimization has taken a back burner to microtransactions and the devs media whoring I doubt the game is going anywhere fast.If you have buddies to play with, pick it up and enjoy it for a few weeks. You will probably get your $30 worth. But if you want an engaging competitive experience you will be sorely disappointed by horrible networking and hit registration, rampant cheating, and engine bugs that will never be fixed."
,Recommended,578080,33328833,Posted: 6 July,all,Spartacus,A Pan saved my♥♥♥♥♥ That Sums up this entire game.
76561198051302234,Not Recommended,578080,34250351,Posted: 14 August,all,BeerBelly Cat,"The ammount of lag is embarassing. I went from frequent deaths, while I was learning the game, to consistent Top-10's with multiple kills and Chicken Dinners. Then they patched and added a bunch of nonsense including pay-to-open crates and the latency was never the same. Any time I get near another player, I lag out. Constantly ending up with ""Better luck next time"" screen, never having saw what happened."
,Not Recommended,578080,34393771,Posted: 21 August,all,yEET™,If you so much as look at a streamer you'll get banned.\EDIT: Just play Fortnite BR
76561197996875425,Not Recommended,578080,35345470,Posted: 30 September,all,Pauke,The recent events need to be fought
,Recommended,578080,33547317,Posted: 14 July,all,Rickle Jaymes,H1z1? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
76561198324776799,Not Recommended,578080,34381808,Posted: 20 August,all,Jake_Anton,Want my money Back
12431245235234525,Recommended,578080,34737397,Posted: 4 September,all,Exufox ツ,"This game made me hate marshmallow.-Advantages of the game:Fun to play with friends(and solo)Easy to learn how to play(and to be good at)Passes timeVery compititive and tactical game-Disadvantages of the gameHorrible driving systemToxic communityHarsh rulesLagsCrashes frequentlyThis game is good , but still early accessed and has lots of problemsDo not buy it if you are not going to accept all the disadvantagesI recommend waiting until some bugs and errors will be fixed and then purchase ""PUBG"" Instead of raging on every crushand to be disappointed ."
,Recommended,578080,31275435,Posted: 21 April,all,Oh Ryaan,"PLAYER UNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS""Best Battle Royale Game"" ""9/10""Let me start of this review by saying how great this game is after 75 hours ive had my fair share of situations including a 1v6 with a shotgun (which seem pretty op atm) I can say with a bit of confidence that this game is ""The best Battle Royale simulator game out there"" the mechanics at times can be clunky but set the bugs and bullsh*t aside the game is really fun with its diverse weaponary and combat system. Compared to its friends likes H1Z1 and DayZ it seems far more advanced. The dev are also adding new guns as we speak they are really making this into an awesome game and I cant wait to play more.Pros:- Great gameplay and mechanics- Decent sized map (Allows for traverse gameplay)- Matchmaking is almost instant with the amount of players- Graphics look great at higher quality (I currently run at low)- Gun sounds and other things such as footsteps etc are good- Not boring after a couple of games- The healing system is great- Airdrops are balanced and a blast to have combat at- Really good for an alpha gameCons:- The game seems badly optimized- Its quite pricy for the casual players- Various bugs which are little but sometimes annoying (Texture glitches when spawning in #Melted Buildings)"
76561198080892854,Recommended,578080,30700535,Posted: 24 March,all,Ruan,A game that truely feels so great getting kills and winning and FYI... YOU ACTUALLY GET REWARDED FOR WINNING... loves the credits system and the varitey of guns.... absolutely better than any other battle royale game out but still needs a bunch of fixs like the start game gun sounds and the optimization... 8/10
76561198390571143,Not Recommended,578080,34246677,Posted: 14 August,all,justincarlsonn,"This game runs horribly on my pc, they would not give me a refund. So ridiculous, time to wait for it to appear on xbox."
76561198111663231,Not Recommended,578080,33847693,Posted: 27 July,all,Pliskin,"I truly love this game but I am recommending people do not buy this game until BlueHole reverses their descision on microtransactions. They promised there would be no microtransactions until the game left early acces.""Cosmetics\Skins & Character CustomizationAre there going to be microtransactions?Yes, but only for purely cosmetic items and only after Early Access."" -PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds FAQThey also claim this is to raise money to fund a Gamescom tournament, however a conservative estimate places the income BlueHole has made from this game between 50-100 million USD. For a small team that build the majority of the game we currently have in the course of a year, that is more than enough to fund your Gamescom tournament.Don't let BlueHole pull the same things other early access devs have. Even though this game is wonderful and has the potential to be a staple in PC gaming, we have to let them know we won't accept these practices."
,Not Recommended,578080,33899996,Posted: 30 July,all,FLUSCH,GOOD GAME §
,Not Recommended,578080,34754480,Posted: 5 September,all,Gaseous H²O Assistance,Ultra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that they're not bringing FPP to OCE.At least bring it on weekends when there's more people playing so that we can have some opportunity to play FPP with low ping.
76561198108100708,Not Recommended,578080,34078263,Posted: 7 August,all,ketsuya,"Each patch, It's getting worse"
,Not Recommended,578080,34692479,Posted: 2 September,all,Aunriel,Game is actually fun but I don't think Developers doing their best to make it even better.
76561198134093610,Not Recommended,578080,35406390,Posted: 1 October,all,Hungry Jack,"I really want to like this game, but it runs so horribly. This is the only modern title in my seam library that i cannot run at 60fps high settings. On PUBG, I can barely hit 60 on medium - low settings. This game has crashed countless times (only when i'm doing well for some ♥♥♥♥ing reason), and I experience rediculous server issues. Fix your game Bluehole. Everyone knows you have the money to do it."
,Recommended,578080,31257029,Posted: 20 April,all,pampuan,"Great game with many bugs. It can be more good with good duo, you should have eyes in the back of head in this game btw."
76561198094327342,Not Recommended,578080,34582649,Posted: 29 August,all,Chihuahua,"I love this game. i see a bright future.execpt the devs have made rules where its ""cheating"" to view a streamer while playing with them(stream snipeing). this is not cheating, streamers are putting themselves out there by streaming. there are easy fixes to this, without giving them extra rights in a game. (like cool downs if you leave queue)the devs desever all the flak they get from this, and i cant recommed this game with rules like this."
76561198397311732,Not Recommended,578080,35457938,Posted: 3 October,all,tammystahl.re,"this game is absolute garbage. i get desync, punches land from 5+feet away hit markers are garbage, the looting system is garbage the overall game play is garbage dont buy unless you want to burn 30$ on lacking servers. poor developing and a game that only caters to streamers."
,Not Recommended,578080,33994206,Posted: 3 August,all,PERKELE,you need to fix this ♥♥♥♥ing game its laggy af
,Not Recommended,578080,33994165,Posted: 3 August,all,Dstat,"In my opinion one of the most over hyped games of all time. Gameplay is beyond repetitive and development is in my opinion extremely slow. In its current state I don't think this game is worth $30, maybe my opinion will change one day, but right now I can't recommend it."
76561198112572818,Not Recommended,578080,35325174,Posted: 29 September,all,Maximus,"And another looting simulator, so I will explain what  I've felt playing this game. Loot for 30 minutes, Camp half of the game or rush some one and die, if you choose the camping game, you will still get same results or get lucky and win a game, but most games I've played I looted for half of the game, camped for another half, died. And it happens over and over and over again. When we win we get BP points to buy crates that are useless, because you deffinetly going to get nothing but a red T-shirt or some other♥♥♥♥♥♥I recommend this game for people that have friends (unlike me) 6/10"
76561197964096634,Not Recommended,578080,35057241,Posted: 18 September,all,Zothen,"Would be a great idea, but the pure mass of cheaters in this game is astonishing!It seems almost every second player is using a radar mod. I keep them watching beelining towards other players they just cant know where they are. Magic!"
76561198419502180,Not Recommended,578080,35337536,Posted: 30 September,all,DSM,"This game is trash, even having a good pc it lags in medium?? lol piece of ♥♥♥♥♥tttttttttttttt ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Not Recommended,578080,33862784,Posted: 28 July,all,Strepyy,Made a battle royale game that could have been better than the others but succumb to a cash grab just like those others sacrificing resources for game developement ie mechanics so they can profit before the game loses its traction and becomes a clone of the others
,Not Recommended,578080,34133681,Posted: 9 August,all,ghostnorrix is a good player,another half-baked battleroyale game with a pricetag over 20
,Not Recommended,578080,35390488,Posted: 1 October,all,lenahanspencer,"Laggy and unoptimized, but at least the developers are pooping out updates. Would not reccomend because right now it is an unfinished buggy mess"
76561198004702461,Not Recommended,578080,35398070,Posted: 1 October,all,JohannGambolputty,"Lag, lag, lag, lag, DC, lag, doesn't load, GG"
,Not Recommended,578080,35389913,Posted: 1 October,all,ham,i can't believe i paid money for this unplayable piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198021144433,Not Recommended,578080,35506587,Posted: 5 October,all,iRage!,"One of the worst Early Access Games EVER! I don't post many reviews, but this game needs one. Beyond all of the normal programming issues that go along with an early access game (even though this game has been in Early Access for 7 months now), like damage registration, glitching through walls, inability to jump, and spontaneous combustion, I have got to say that this game has by far the worst servers I have ever seen. I thought Rainbow Six Siege had bad servers until i played this game. Don't get me wrong, this game is a great time waster, but not for someone looking for a high quality game. This game has gotten way to much credit and popularity for being such a terrible game. And finally I think what makes me the most angry about this game is that the developers are the kind of devs that add content before fixing continuous issues."
76561198256941352,Not Recommended,578080,35504476,Posted: 5 October,all,Shadows4215,Don't put Ads in paid games!
76561198016839044,Recommended,578080,31789045,Posted: 16 May,all,L҉E҉G҉I҉O҉N҉,"Hello and welcome to a cracking review of PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS.First of all let me apologise for screaming at you, the title is formatted that way and sadly it’s beyond my control.With that said let us delve into this review!The game is coming along nicely, I think the developer is trying to pay attention to the community as a whole and is adding new content at a steady pace. The graphics are a tad on the fuzzy side at the moment and the game is poorly optimised. There are tweaks to be found that can assist you here if you wish to delve into the muddy pool of miscreants that is Reddit.Game play is satisfying, I wouldn’t have first thought that your heart can beat so fast for a game but when you are amongst the last remaining players in a match and your team is shouting directions of fire and spotted enemies you feel like you may be suffering from a heart attack (What a way to go!)The servers seem to have a fair amount of desnyc and that’s across the board I believe. NA players say NA is worse. EU players want to discuss Brexit.All in all I would recommend this game if you like a rewarding game, if you happen to get a chicken dinner it’s the best feeling. Also if you like following and being a snake…So gear up! Follow me into battle and bring your butt protection (Large Frying pan, yes it does stop bullets!) and let us battle to the death!"
76561198026985719,Recommended,578080,31541673,Posted: 4 May,all,jack,I got killed by a frying pan. 10/10
,Recommended,578080,33247169,Posted: 4 July,all,Shaun,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Not Recommended,578080,34731535,Posted: 4 September,all,Dabi⭐,"Really fun gameplay, unfortuantely made by a shady dev. It's essentially a streamer safe-space, if you anger one, you will get banned. Plus it already has cosmetics that cost a fortune, despite still being in early access. Greedy, greedy."
76561198110186027,Not Recommended,578080,33921173,Posted: 30 July,all,dosha,30$ with cashshop before release
,Not Recommended,578080,34036886,Posted: 5 August,all,YCK-WhiteRabbit,"Everyone try to play this game in 10-40 fps but you added this ♥♥♥♥ing keys on game? Nobody needs the keys, people want that fix this bugs and FPS drops"
,Not Recommended,578080,34648561,Posted: 31 August,all,Mud Jug,Crates in early access? wat
,Recommended,578080,32831594,Posted: 26 June,all,HJam,"Before I played PUBG :＼＼＼ ＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)＼ <　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ　＼/　　/　 ＼　＼ﾚ　ノ　　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　| 、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played PUBG :／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　 ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　　　｜ ｜/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°） ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーくー ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,578080,32611210,Posted: 20 June,all,💷ITSYOUTUBEDUMBASSTHERESTROLLS💷,"alright so get th is guys if you die you have to find a new game..... wow , whats the point in living then who cares!this game is in ""early access""whats going on??? this game runs like A$$ and looks like it too!hmm.... whats so unkown about this battleground anyway? theres only 1 battle ground""PLAYERS WELLKNOWN BATTEGROUNDS""  <------- (when publishing games, put them in all caps.)everyone drops before you and you eat sh!t! I should havebought an ""The Nintendo B!tch"" instead of this game. a lot more ""exclusive content"" to say the least, what in this game isnt in other games . you have:grasssilencerrevolverI can find all of the things + more in pretty much any other gamelist of other games with these ""exclusive"" items:Grand Theft AUtoHalf-Life 2Metal Gear燃えろ！熱血リズム魂　押忍！闘え！応援団２and so forth....at the end of the day it is the gamers decision to make the purchase, so I will not be publishing this review at allim going to turn my computer into a bit coin machine . its like printing money!"
,Not Recommended,578080,33904228,Posted: 30 July,all,D1rtyP4ws#2448,"FIX YOUR ANTI-CHEAT, got perma banned for nothing and without proofFirst of i do love the game and enjoy playing it for sureThe Ban system is currently ♥♥♥♥ed upOnly time i've killed teammates is because of explosions of stuck vehicles or when my friend's game used to crash back in the day and their character remained ingame with all the gear, they sure have not reported me so there's no point looking at my in-game data so there should be no proof for the ban.Ofc when you solo a DUO game on NA servers and win with 22kills(ss in profile) the amount of players with really high pitch(10y olds?) tend to falsely report you which might get some attention to your account.Also there is no timer, AKA u have no idea how long your ban will last or will it end at all which gives you the urges to buy the game on a second account specially now that the new loot boxes are coming.i'd just like to know how long my ban lasts okay? i am happy with the updates that improve the game weekly and monthly while still pushing out more content... just fix your system okay.EDIT: i have been permanently banned by the anti-cheat team and i am rather♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as i've not done♥♥♥♥♥♥ShadowPlay is the only thridparty programm i have while playing and they banned me for Hacks/thridparty... this better be because some scrubs have reported me from stream sniping or something just get your anti-cheat together dammitAlso the microtransactions which they promised not to be a thing before the game releases are now coming to fund their Esport tournament (like they could not use any of that 100+ million dollars they've made just with the sales....)i don't really mind tho, i want the tracksuit lol"
,Not Recommended,578080,34364044,Posted: 19 August,all,SquishNoob,"Ya, I suck... but so do the cheaters...  I got one chicken dinner from squad play and Im certain it was because one or two of my random mates had the esp hack running...  They knew way too much about right where everyone was...My 3 second inventory access freeze sucks..So does my flickering ♥♥♥♥ing home menu...So does the random frame drops no matter what settings I have selected.Fix the hacking problem and the optimization problem and Ill give it an upvote."
,Not Recommended,578080,34239383,Posted: 14 August,all,deonhk,game couldve been better if it wasnt for the ♥♥♥♥ing devs and the poor optimization. It's stll an early access but i doubt they can fix the♥♥♥♥♥♥this game has.
,Not Recommended,578080,35359012,Posted: 30 September,all,xaq,"Honestly, don't bother with it if you expect solid, without any problems gameplay. This game as of right now needs A LOT of polishing, and frankly speaking I'm not sure the dev team is up to it to get this game on the kind of level it deserves. I'd love to be proven wrong so only time will tell."
76561197994008709,Not Recommended,578080,33832660,Posted: 27 July,all,Player9,Broken Promise
76561198020038835,Not Recommended,578080,34421353,Posted: 22 August,all,Trompeta,Now i regret that i bought the game so early...to many cheaters.I should have search youtube before buying  the game.All  kind of  stupid cheats that ruin this game.
,Not Recommended,578080,34839669,Posted: 9 September,all,Seraphs | Kenso33,"This game is great in so many ways, but it's simply just not ready. The last 20 games I've played has been a complete waste of my time. 20% of your bullets registrer, and the desync is just unbelieveable. The guy with the best connection to the server wins the game, basicly.Don't get me wrong, it's a very fun game with friends. And it's very satisfying getting those 5+ kill games, but the game is too incomplete.If you're thinking about buying this game, wait. I'm not saying you should never buy it, but in it's current condition, it's trash. I hope by telling you that this is my first negative review on Steam, EVER, means something. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,578080,35400925,Posted: 1 October,all,yeahireckon,kill a streamer get ban
,Not Recommended,578080,34768163,Posted: 5 September,all,Pumbzy,OCE doesn't matter devs are racist
,Not Recommended,578080,33997107,Posted: 3 August,all,Everyday is today,"♥♥♥♥ key lottos like this, if they gave the items away as payed sets it would be good but another ♥♥♥♥ing gambling system is honestly stupid as ♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,578080,33874975,Posted: 29 July,all,dlwlrma,Unplayable due to memory leak bug. Do not buy until fixed.
76561198013311859,Not Recommended,578080,34767337,Posted: 5 September,all,Snipes,"I don't recommend buying this game until it is out of early access and the developers start listening to the community and not the streamers. banning people for killing a streamer is getting out of hand at this point. plus the price it is now is definitely not worth paying for so I can recommend getting it if on sale. You might think your computer can handle it, but trust me it is very un-optimized for ""weaker"" running computers. Don't get me wrong it is very enjoyable to play and winning your first game is so exhilarating, but there are just to many issues in early access that need to be addressed. Buy at your own risk."
,Not Recommended,578080,34300092,Posted: 16 August,all,HansVonOwls,"It's kinda like a horror game without the constricted hall ways, you find your self alone in the middle of nowhere, you find a weapon, you spend 20 minutes running from something that you can't kill and then if you survive long enough you might get to fight people.I go through most of my games only seeing people on the horizon and dying to the zone. this may be a squads only thing, you might have more luck in solos but the zone is more of a threat than other people, cannot recomend the game as it is now.Edit: we often find our selves running for most of the game, we get unlucky very often and the zone is always too far away from us to keep up, the fights we have are fun but running for as long as we do gets boring, the zone kills us more than people and we just cant out run it or out heal it. In other words make the zone more forgiving and the game would be fine in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,578080,34768834,Posted: 5 September,all,sproink,Be warned - only select regions get the full version of the game.
,Not Recommended,578080,34875909,Posted: 10 September,all,Digital,"Unoptimized. I have an i7 4770K @ 4.2GHZ and GTX 1060 6GB, When loading it lags its hole and crashes, fix ur s***, don't deserve the amount of people it gets at all. Hope someone comes and makes this look a peice of s*** like these did with H1Z1."
,Not Recommended,578080,35412348,Posted: 2 October,all,Virus,"Getting banned for no reason results in negative review.Devs,stick your heads out your a**es and listen to the community!"
,Not Recommended,578080,35274215,Posted: 28 September,all,Storme,Flavor of the month garbage
,Recommended,578080,34056758,Posted: 6 August,all,das numbewang,"Very arcadey gameplay. Whoever compares it to dayz is an idiot. Very fun with friends but still enjoyable solo. Like CS:GO cosmetic items are being added but do not in anyway impact the gameplay. Fast updates and fixes from the devs who are active in the community and are dedicated to the game. Much better in every way to its rival H1Z1 and will continue to improve. Don't expect a hardcore shooter with realistic mechanics but instead enjoy it as a lighthearted semi-competitive experience. Seems to run well after a few optimisation problems at launch. Not an amazing game nor is it groundbreaking, it's just fun. If you can pick it up on sale it is definetely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,578080,34816333,Posted: 8 September,all,TiruraM,"So this game has been not on my wishlist, but a friend convinced me to buy it and let me say, it is a realy fu*king good game.You dont need to run it on good PC and u dont have to play on very high quality and the game is still good looking and fun and just amazing.There is some good sides and some bad sides :-For example you can shotgun someone to the face, but they dont die and the hs you !!!!!?!?!?! wtf-There are ""slugs"" when the building u drop on dont render in and its aids-And parachure glitches-PS dont try to GTA5 in this game (what i meen is dont drive like Rambo, ur gonna get ♥♥♥♥ed over)-It's not that hard to get a Chicken Dinner (unlike in H1Z1, where is hard as ♥♥♥♥)-It's over all a good game with good hitboxes and fair aim mechanizem-It's not that hard to get good at the game.So in my oppinion Bluehole did a good job with the game, it keeps getting updated and its just a good game.Over all my experiance with it has been good, I would rate it 8.6/10.How likeley I'm i going to play more of this game? : Veeery veeery likelyHow money did u spend on the game? : Without counting the game cost (30 euros) around 25-40 max"
76561197960581031,Not Recommended,578080,35417835,Posted: 2 October,all,Superior Person,Horribly unstable
76561198004664157,Recommended,578080,34916714,Posted: 13 September,all,Srskeetalot,Please fix the jump mechanic. It's still trash.
,Not Recommended,578080,34323176,Posted: 18 August,all,Pyro,pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,578080,34763961,Posted: 5 September,all,℠ Furchee,I love this game but the streamer bans need to stop.
,Not Recommended,578080,35358091,Posted: 30 September,all,apexxx,"Was a really nice game, but now i am to scared to use the horn in cars. Chances are high that a streamer could hear the horn and BAM, i am banned because he heared me honking :(Pls stop kissing streamers asses., then you can get your upvote back."
,Not Recommended,578080,35469222,Posted: 4 October,all,TRPL,">kills someone, like the games about>gets banned because he was a streamer"
,Not Recommended,578080,34801987,Posted: 7 September,all,Seris,"MICROTRANSACTIONS AND BEING BANNED FOR HONKING A HORN = STUPID. WE PAY FOR EARLY ACCESS... AND YOU STATE THAT ""game is not finished. current gameplay and bugs do not affect the end result"" YET SOMEONE IS BEING BANNED BECAUSE YOUR GAME IS BROKEN AND THEY WERE ABLE TO GET ""UNDER THE MAP"". THIS COMPANY HAD GOOD INTENTIONS AND THEN SAW HOW MUCH OF A CASH COW IT WAS AND GOT BLINDED. ♥♥♥♥ MICROTRANSACTIONS. AND FIX YOUR GAME BEFORE BANNING PEOPLE WHO ACCIDENTLY FIND BUGS."
76561198027762473,Not Recommended,578080,34754283,Posted: 5 September,all,Cabooseblueteam,"Dev's say OCE won't be getting FFP server cause population is too low in OCE servers. I haven't played in OCE servers since the release of FFP and neither has every person that I know that owns the game as TTP is trash and FFP is 1000x better. The guys at Blueballs can cent more of our money. The same thing goes for players in SEA and SA.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE IN OCEANIA, SOUTH AMERICA OR SOUTH EAST ASIA THE DEVS DON'T GIVE A♥♥♥♥♥♥ABOUT US."
76561198025836279,Not Recommended,578080,35430684,Posted: 2 October,all,Mrservietsky,server are so unstable / loot broken / just getting worse maybe i'll recommend when the devs would actually care of there game
,Not Recommended,578080,33873526,Posted: 28 July,all,-zYang-,"Okay...So, this game isn't bad. I have fun playing it. The gameplay does get pretty stale after a couple games, so it's best played with breaks in between, in my opinion.However.The developerse have done some really shady♥♥♥♥♥♥as of late. They are implementing microtransactions, after stating that they wouldn't until the game left Early Access. I still see an early access tag, but hey, maybe I'm just going insane and the big ""Early Access Game"" I see is actually just a figment of my imagination.But what I abosolutely cannot forgive them for is their banning policy. Turns out that someone got banned for ""stream sniping"". There was nothing about this written as far as I'm aware that states that they would ban for this (although apparently they added something to their TOS after this fiasco, hmmm), and to make matters worse, they weren't actually stream sniping.With the combination of these two issues (that happened within the same ♥♥♥♥ing week, mind you), I cannot in good faith, recommend this game. Do yourself a favour, and buy yourself a sandwich or something instead."
,Not Recommended,578080,35337885,Posted: 30 September,all,Prizorak,"Unlike other reviews about the devs and stream sniping, mine has to do with how the game ran. I usually have no problem running games at 60fps on my pc, most the time on high settings. I have a Radeon Rx480 4Gb for my graphics card. I tried to run this game at high, well i got at most 30 fps. I tried medium settings and i got 60 fps but it was still lagging, everything felt like running in honey. I tried to play but i couldnt, and then my game froze. My game froze and i couldnt end hit ctrl alt del. it froze my entire pc and crashed it. i had to maually restart my pc. needless to say i immediately uninstalled and requested a refund. I would not recommend this game to anyone that doesnt have a streamer tier graphics card, unless you want to run at the lowest possible settings and everything is a square"
,Not Recommended,578080,35505913,Posted: 5 October,all,Magenta Martian,Hackers in every game. Early Access as usual. Save your money and buy a hotdog. You'll get more enjoyment out of it.
,Not Recommended,578080,35505827,Posted: 5 October,all,Donald J. Trump,Horrible game. Buggy. slippery snakes. Banned from killing a streamer. banned from honking a car horn.
76561198034571655,Not Recommended,578080,34814655,Posted: 8 September,all,Rager,"Fun game, but being banned from killing some random streamer is a no, Its a survival game ffs.It seems that a bunch of these companies don't even finish their games. DLC's or microtransactions come out before the game is done. Sadly, thanks to this title, I will no longer trust developers with my money until they can show me a finished product that doesn't end up in a money grab."
,Not Recommended,578080,34566610,Posted: 28 August,all,LtlMacMcG,"I was banned on the forums for expressing an opinion in a professional manner.  My opinion held no bad words and was not rude in any way.  I was simply critical of the games microtransactions.   The game itself is enjoyable....the developer represents everythign wrong with the industry,  however.."
,Not Recommended,578080,34586035,Posted: 29 August,all,Rome,"bad rating, its a good game dont get me wrong, but the developers are horrible, they screw up their servers after every patch, and they havent focused on getting rid of hackers since the game launched, honestly sick of playing with people who are blatent hackers and they dont get♥♥♥♥♥♥for it."
76561198140175847,Not Recommended,578080,35379787,Posted: 1 October,all,Arya Stark,"Will be a great game when it's finished and they fixed all the annoying bugs that shouldn't exist, for example when you suppose to press ready but you cant so you have to refresh like 2 to 5 times to get ready thats annoying and then there is places where you can get stuck in, so you have to quit the game after being at top 30, + there is alot more bugs and yes I know its a early alpha. So right now I dont recommend this game cus of all the bugs"
,Not Recommended,578080,33695127,Posted: 21 July,all,chyeah,"Great game, nicely executed and continually being improved.But their community management is horrible and they seem to lack the necessary experience to manage a community in the millions. The current community manager suggested you should stop playing if you don't want to be griefed, and you can be banned for defending yourself against team-killers or griefers.Would not recommend if their ""company"" continues in this direction... total lack of experience and seem to not care at all about their playerbase (or seem completely oblivious as to handle community relations).Adding this addendum:Some people think a game company having bad relations with their userbase automatically mean that the friend is poor or otherwise lacking. Like I said, the game is top-notch, wonderful concept... but if this lack of professionalism continues to run rampant, none of that matters.ADDENDUM:A lot of people seem to mistake my issue with this game. It is not a problem with teamkillers, grieving players, or a toxic playerbase. This problem rests solely upon Bluehole and the way they have decided to handle their playerbase.This review will be changed to Recommended once Bluehole puts more lax rules and stop enforcing nonsensical out-of-context rules on players. Also, locking someone out of your game for 3 days is not cool, especially not if it was because of a mistake."
,Not Recommended,578080,34001816,Posted: 3 August,all,henno,The Patch from today (early access month 4 update) ruined the game!! Beware - its glitchy as hell!
,Not Recommended,578080,34590573,Posted: 29 August,all,Apottzy,"Love the game when i can play it. Problem is I can't, whenever I drop into a game the Graphics refuse to render and it seems the only way to ""fix"" this problem is to run out and purchase a SSD. Why? My computer can run every other game on Ultra settings, but can't handle this one even on the lowest of the low settings.For now, its a DO NOT buy, especially if your system doesn't have an SSD installed. But you will, cause your favorite twitch streaming is playing it. Don't say I didn't warn ya!"
76561197968982243,Not Recommended,578080,35342702,Posted: 30 September,all,Skull the Troll,"Region lock will be mandatory  before I play this game again. Every single game starts with a chorus of ""China numma waaa!"" letting you know that everyone you try to kill will not actually be where you think they are leading people to dissapear before your 20 ping eyes. Also by having crates and allowing the pieces to be sold on stream they encourage this sort of behavior because there is now a real world financial motive to win games at any cost. After about two weeks of play and having a number of situations where I fed 5 blood splattering bullets into the heads of my enemies only to have them turn around and put a single m4 round round intome and kill me- I'm wishing I could get my money back."
,Recommended,578080,33111179,Posted: 1 July,all,Paralinguini,"I was driving for my squad of 4 and we got ambushed at the bridge, so I told them to get out of the car and I drove off without them, they all died.Best friendship ruiner simulator. 11/10"
,Not Recommended,578080,33848184,Posted: 27 July,all,toon,Squandering their popularity
,Not Recommended,578080,33868468,Posted: 28 July,all,Collaide,"Criticisms:VEHICLES:Getting out of vehicles is very clunky. For instance, today I hopped out of my boat in motion (expecting to land in the water), but I actually landed on top of my own boat, taking almost lethal damage. Things like these shouldn't happen.When players spawn in the same location as you it's extremely important to find a weapon fast to defend yourself with.Sometimes I spawn and go to 5 houses and don't even find a pistol. Obviously there are different types of houses, but I think weapon spawns should be more consistent. Let's say every copy of this house is guaranteed to have at least 1 pistol in it, or every house of this type has at least 1 smg & 1 pistol in it. This would raise skill ceiling because you would need to remember A) which houses are guaranteed to have a gun in it, B) knowing where gun guarantee houses are and C) dropping down right outside the correct house fast (after plane drop)WEAPONS:I feel like the current arsenal of weapons is large enough and that you should focus on other things this early in development. Or maybe add a new type of vehicleMAP:The map is decent, but there is a whole lot of terrain that looks like crap and buggy to walk/climb. For instance, many cliffs on the shore or many large rock formations on top of the big mountain are extremely buggy and you just get stuck on them.New players have a very hard time differentiating between real cars and static props. Some models are almost exactly the same. I remember when I had fewer hours and went up to non-car cars and wondered why I couldn't hop into them.TUTORIAL:I think you should add a basic tutorial where players can learn how to do basic things. Anything from firing a weapon, picking up weapon attachments, changing position in a car, and which basic strategies there are.GUNPLAY/COMBAT:When fighting inside houses the game feels extremely awkward. It's likely due to wierd tight corridors no human would put in an actual house, camera angles etc.You need an in-game explanation of what zeroing distance is.This might be me but I feel like 50% of my deaths are to a sniper from really far away. Would be cool if you had some type of gear that could tell you what approximate location someone is firing from. Maybe only as a crate drop from the plane. This might be a very bad idea but still.When you punch someone or hit someone with a melee weapon, you NEVER know if your punch/hit actually did damage or not. Melee combat is very unresponsive, and better animations for getting hit, sounds could make it more possible to differentiate between a punch you hit and a punch you missed.PARACHUTING:When you hit a tree/side of a building or basically anything that isn't completely flat, the camera bugs out and you teleport a bit away from where you were just recently.UI/MENUS:Inventory UI is very slow, and feels unresponsive. Instead of having to drag everything it would be cool of you could just equip it by clicking a button or picking it up with 1 click.Same with the main menu and settings menu.Menu design is poor, and feels bad to use.The main menu is unintuitive and difficult to initially figure out.Settings menu is really bad. An example would be the sensitivity menu. There is a number on the right but you can't type in your own number there... And the sliders get stuck when you try and get a certain number. Sometimes it skippes over as many as 10 values when you slide it, and sometimes it refuses to move for a bit.Menus are supposed to be responsive, but many times it just feel like you're clicking on stuff that never happens.Also, for some reason there is a ""Refresh UI"" button in the main menu. Instead of having to refresh it to display the menu properly, it would be better if you made the menu work properly instead. I know it probably takes longer time, but having a more polished game will ultimately help your game succeed.OPTIMIZATION:Bad. Do whatever you can to increase the player's framerate.There is an advanced launcher, but I think you should have those settings in the game itself instead of separately.CIRCLE:It sucks when the next circle is as far away from you as possible, and you die because you're always on the run. There has to be some way to mitigate this. Maybe in the last couple of circles at least, place it at the average coordinates for all the players, so matches are more fair.MICROTRANSACTIONS:Just no, stop it. It's fine to have items from crates you can buy with in-game currency, but I won't get behind the cs:go-style lottery crates where you have to buy keys for real money."
,Not Recommended,578080,34755349,Posted: 5 September,all,Emster,"♥♥♥♥ing pathetic dev team, paid full price for the game and dont even get access to first person servers. disgraceful"
,Not Recommended,578080,33944013,Posted: 1 August,all,gamer girl xd,microtransactions
,Not Recommended,578080,33845337,Posted: 27 July,all,$ki mask,Micro-transactions announced in Early Access. This is a scum move that provides insight on the future of this game post launch.
76561198116423803,Recommended,578080,33207217,Posted: 3 July,all,entomberr,"- Best discount during the summer sale 2017 - 0%- 16 Gb leaking ram from 8 installed.- (2-3 fps from 60 fps) * your luck * your karma * 10% of your GPU power = total fps- Prepere your video card for moon flying if you want run throught the forest/grass/lakes/rain- You can ride bicylce(no)- Epic punch while jumping that you will never use in game, only in start camp before plane fly."
,Not Recommended,578080,33819461,Posted: 26 July,all,Ferovax,"Paid cosmetics ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, terrible PR"
,Not Recommended,578080,35417766,Posted: 2 October,all,Gakkian,"too much errors,and advertisements,"
,Not Recommended,578080,35417748,Posted: 2 October,all,Janoinen,"Constant problems with servers and UI, but at least we have microtransactions and e-sports."
,Not Recommended,578080,34040260,Posted: 5 August,all,prb,-♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization.-Releasing microtransactions in early access after promising they wouldn't.-Pushing updates out after 1 day on test servers with known gamebreaking bugs.-Banning innocent players for stream sniping.-Loves to suck the♥♥♥♥♥♥of high profile streamers.0/10
,Recommended,578080,33618975,Posted: 17 July,all,Wytefang,"Extremely good game in many, many interesting ways.  The core concept is simply clever and addictive but it's the implementation of that concept (survival/Running Man/Hunger Games/Deathmatching) that really does the trick.  The game's use of a closing circle of death that kicks in after a set amount of time on a regular basis, growing smaller and smaller, which kills anything outside of it over time, is ingenious.  It drives player movement and prevents camping (I'm not against camping, per se, as it can make a lot of sense to sit tight in a shooter) but this helps prevent someone from holing up and never moving.  This ""Death circle"" creates many interesting decision points and all the greatest of games know how to create these.  Another keen game design aspect is the initial player drop from the C-130 plane - choosing where to go can make a life or death difference.Mix in the looting aspects with tight shooting and moving controls and you have the components for a very fun type of game.  Add in Supply Crate drops (that generate even more decision-making and which also helps to drive player movement) along with localized, random bomb raids that force players inside for periods of time and you have a simple game concept made FAR more interesting due to the myriad of choices available to players.Do you loot a bit longer, gambling that you'll be able to make it inside the closing death circle?  Or do you rush your way towards where you think the game's final circles might be, in order to be set-up and get ready ahead of time?  Considering that the final circles close-in concentrically, yet somewhat randomly in a region, no one can be too sure where they should try to end up.It's a one-life style of game where if you die, you have to jump back into a new game BUT because you can quickly do so, it's not really frustrating.  My (and other players I game with) main complaint is simply that the damage modeling in terms of TTK (Time to Kill) is somewhat wimpy feeling at times.  The classic headshot is always heavy-hitting but if you miss that, you can sometimes run into a situation where you're seeing blood spray and know you've hit someone multiple times, only for them to (against all odds) survive somehow.Overall, performance isn't perfect (yet) as the game is still in Early Access but the designers are clearly plugging away with regular and appreciated abandon to patch bugs, balance things out, and even add tweaks and such.My final thoughts are that this is already an amazing game and it's only in Early Access.  I give it a very, very high recommendation.  :)"
76561198042195463,Not Recommended,578080,34600627,Posted: 30 August,all,robotcontrol,"Stop sucking streamer shafts.  Stop banning everyone cuz streamers get irritated.  Tell the streamers to put even like a 30 second delay on the stream, its not like they are hella into reading the chat anyways.  If you even kill Grimmmz or Ninja in game they cry hacks and you get banned.  Just writing this review ill get banned LOL.  The Doc and Anthony Kongphan are cool tho"
,Not Recommended,578080,34841101,Posted: 9 September,all,Kyle Gaming,Really good game but player unknown really is a crybaby that bans people for no reason other than honking at a streamer. If player unknown wanted overwhelmingly positive reviews he should pull his head out of his♥♥♥♥♥and man up.
,Recommended,578080,30952227,Posted: 4 April,all,Cherry Popper,After 22 wins in this game I can say this...♥♥♥♥♥u h1 u can suck my fat ♥♥♥♥
76561198168902079,Recommended,578080,31241625,Posted: 19 April,all,GrimmCro,It's essentially a hiking simulator except you get to shoot other hikers and steal their sh*t.11/10 would drive Romainian again to escape the circle.
76561198131959248,Recommended,578080,34400272,Posted: 21 August,all,Rugal,A review
76561198383702016,Not Recommended,578080,35013989,Posted: 16 September,all,MinatoDaisuki,"Poor FPS performance and outdated graphic effect!Unfriendly to the new player.Trash sever, severe lags.Still got some hackers who use aimbot and wallhack in the game."
,Not Recommended,578080,35213232,Posted: 25 September,all,DirectorGunner,"TL;DR: IMO PUBG is not a constructive or healthy game to playI don't like this game after giving it two days, no killcam  to learn from, and it's a big time waster. It's not bad for an FPS game in alpha and can get your adrenaline going more so than a lot of other games, but DO NOT buy this game just because the masses play  it. Buy it only if you have friends to play with regularly and/or if you are an FPS nutjob. For me this game is unhealthy to play, if you have clinical ADD/ADHD or similar disability... you may really want to avoid buying this game."
76561198302686565,Not Recommended,578080,34323777,Posted: 18 August,all,420EATIT,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥IT LAGS LIKE ♥♥♥♥ NO MATTER WHAT GRAPHICS CARD YOU HAVE YOU SHOOT THEM LIKE 80 TIMES AND SOME HOW THEY KILL YOU WITH 1 BULLIT LIKE ♥♥♥♥ I WAS PRONEING AND FOR SOME RESSON IT KEEPT BRING ING ME UP SO I DIED  CUZ OF THIS STUPID♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING FIX YOUR  ♥♥♥♥ING GAME LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥PUT MORE ♥♥♥♥ING GUNS IN HOUSES AND THE GAS SHOULDINT ♥♥♥♥ING KILL YOU FAST LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥LET UP PLAY IT SHOULD ♥♥♥♥ING PUSH YOU IF YOU ARE IN THE HOUSE THEN YOU WILL DIE BY GETTING SQUASHED THAT WOULD BE ♥♥♥♥ING AWSOME LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS ♥♥♥♥ING FASTER THEN US THATS IS BULL♥♥♥♥♥♥WE SHOULD OUT RUN IT BY A ♥♥♥♥ING LITTLE BIT
,Not Recommended,578080,33813056,Posted: 26 July,all,UniverseoftheMaster,Your testing you fov without telling people? Just a bit strange I keep having a FOV bug since the reset this week!
,Recommended,578080,33979005,Posted: 2 August,all,Vozam,"Why is everyone giving it a negative review because the crates is about to cost money? You don't even get good stuff in the crates and it dosent affect the gameplay what so ever.YouDON'T NEED TO BUY THE CRATES, its not ""pay to win""Sure the devs might have broken a promis but almost every dev company have at one point.Stop crying about the crates and look at the game. It have offered unique gameplay that you can't get somewere else.I have had a amazing time playing this game and getting the chicken dinner. I have also made a lot of friends in this game that i talk with often.The devs are already working on a new map and they are suppost to add a new gun after every large patch.Does some people even know how long it takes to make a map as large as the map is.And yes there are some bugs but for crying out loud its a Early Access Game, bugs exists.This game is one of my favorite games and i play almost every day.   9/10 and a strong thumbs up! I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,578080,34753477,Posted: 5 September,all,demosthenes,It's not okay for the developers to release content for other regions but still charge us in Oceania FULL PRICE for LESS THAN THE FULL GAME. GIVE US FPP SERVERS OR A REFUND NOW.
76561197975288687,Not Recommended,578080,33990948,Posted: 3 August,all,de_dUKe,"Refunded after 38 mins game play.Overpriced for a buggy, repetitive, one dimensional, single map camping shooter.Rust Deathmatch 2015 (without the p e n i s e s)"
,Not Recommended,578080,33823633,Posted: 26 July,all,♪,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and now they are adding microtransactions XD No thanks!
,Recommended,578080,34640926,Posted: 31 August,all,¨ohnePixel -S> FN Lunar Weave,10/10
,Not Recommended,578080,35042079,Posted: 18 September,all,üb3r,"Disgusting gunplay;Disgusting netcode;Disgusting animations/VFX;Nothing's new from gameplay perspective;You'll never see anything ""new"" in this game except maps and guns;Over 10 mils overhyped school kids as a target audience;Gamedev is dying and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is almost killed it."
,Not Recommended,578080,33912644,Posted: 30 July,all,Intigracy,You get banned for stream sniping if you kill a streamer based purely on their accusation.
,Not Recommended,578080,33352595,Posted: 7 July,all,Jack'O'sac 🎃,"It's fun but it's nothing new, seen it 100 times before. It's not a new genre and hardly a polished version of the genre either. The developer is a prick and is an embarrassment to the game.Everything in this game is down to luck, (excluding your aim and when you decide to jump out the plane). Your plane path is RNG, your loot is RNG, your target location and positioning is RNG, your bullet spread is RNG.Third-person ruins the game, and first person has abysmal controls, it uses the third-person movement so it just feels like youre floating around. A game's movement and controls are very important and for this reason, I find this game really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to play.There is now no point in buying this now that Fortnite Battle Royale is free forever. (unless you just want to jump on the bandwagon of the overrated game.) Fortnite has better performance, better graphics and better gunplay, with building mechanics too."
,Not Recommended,578080,34169188,Posted: 11 August,all,Gunslanger,"Payed crates and keys in EA and streamer getting banner for showing Exploits when the game is in EA and thats the whole point, to find and text the fitures. Futher to test the game find the exploits and glitches. I feel like this game started out in the right dirrection and is now crashing down from being mismanaged. Do not waste the money, just pass on this. If anything watch a streamer play."
,Not Recommended,578080,33970545,Posted: 2 August,all,brednbudder,"""Early Access.""""Micro-transactions."""
76561198043980998,Not Recommended,578080,34000762,Posted: 3 August,all,>{ovo}<,Unoptimized lagfest. Windows 3.1 ran better than this.
,Recommended,578080,34368535,Posted: 20 August,all,Jundacho,Its Gud
,Not Recommended,578080,34068699,Posted: 6 August,all,Can Cat,This game is good and it is alot of fun but the only bad thing is that i have and ok computer that runs very well and i can barely play this game. I can play games like ark and stuff but if i open my invotory in this game i lag for a solid 10 seconds. if i walk up a hill i lag for like 5 seconds. When i drop out of the plane the houses dont render in and i have to lay down while my team is dieing just so i can render in the few houses next to me. Granted i have supper ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet and I'm okay with the render stuff i can deal with it. But when I open my invtory to put on a scope i dont want to have to sit there for like 10 seconds doing nothing and not being able to help my team just to put on a stupid red dot. Over all this game is good but at the same time you need a really good computer/internet to be able to play it.
76561198050188166,Not Recommended,578080,35220158,Posted: 26 September,all,Cpthuntsman,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,578080,35429023,Posted: 2 October,all,I Will!,"Top selling game on steam, yet Blue Hole is still greedy for money, microtransactions before they game is fully released. Are you serious? Charging players for cosmetics, and now in game advertisements? Blue Hole has hit an all time low surpassing Electric Arts."
,Not Recommended,578080,33875019,Posted: 29 July,all,TwatFace,Most overrated game of the year. Devs lied about microtransactions. Game play is boring.
,Recommended,578080,30824020,Posted: 29 March,all,Ghastqw,10/10 fps
,Not Recommended,578080,33379739,Posted: 8 July,all,cheech,"if you like gearing up and killing people then walking into a house where someone closed all the doors and ends up shotgunning you when you go up the stairs, then this is the game for you"
76561198065301029,Recommended,578080,30692186,Posted: 23 March,all,Kime,10/10 bestest br game ever skipped school for this rip h1z1
,Not Recommended,578080,33839205,Posted: 27 July,all,KEITHKILL,"promised no microtransactions before finishing the game, now offering microtransactions before the game is finished.  ♥♥♥♥ bluehole."
,Recommended,578080,31645163,Posted: 9 May,all,Wuffi,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198055985095,Not Recommended,578080,34645662,Posted: 31 August,all,Harambe Would Have Won,"Added microtransactions to a Early Access game, can no longer recommened!"
76561198273873729,Recommended,578080,34027752,Posted: 4 August,all,♞Ťŗǿŋ,"To be honest this game already has been more addicting than h1 for me since I started playing it.If you want a highly addicting Battle Royale game trust me on this,this is the game you want."
76561198315562978,Not Recommended,578080,34220494,Posted: 13 August,all,Dire,"Removing free chests? kys. Watch how Overwatch gives both free and payable ones. This isn't CS:GO. And it certainly doesn't have the price tag to justify this move, so ♥♥♥♥ off."
76561198083796850,Recommended,578080,30962662,Posted: 5 April,all,Slushy,Jumped in a squad game with randoms. Looted some houses. Found a party UAZ. Drove all the way across the map to get in the circle. Killed 10 people along the way. 4 by running them over. All 4 of us in UAZ screaming allahu akbar the entire way. 10/10 100% worth it and would r8 8/8 anyday m8.
,Recommended,578080,33159182,Posted: 2 July,all,♔Rick Grimes彡,"How developers optimize the game:It was 100 fps ->> Update 60 fps;It was 60 fps ->> Update 40 fps;It was 40 fps ->> Update 35 fps;It was 35 fps ->> Developers promise to fully engage in optimization and with each update FPS drops -> 1-10 fps in the game. Thank you very much for listening to users and not doing any ""nonsense"".10 FPS/10 -> Recommended for buying"
,Not Recommended,578080,33829411,Posted: 27 July,all,potato2937,microtransactions
,Not Recommended,578080,33812973,Posted: 26 July,all,GotD SleetSdf93,Get out of early access before releasing extra paid for♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,578080,34177995,Posted: 11 August,all,cpn_,"if you find a bug, quit the game otherwise brendan 'playerunknown' greene will ban you cuz hes a cuck"
,Recommended,578080,30888354,Posted: 1 April,all,trumpfism,"This game has been very enjoyable, however, just recently (that is, in my last game) I executed a perfect three-point turn over a teammate I was paired up with--basically, this began after he insulted me personally by assuming that I was some sort of charitable taxi service, demanding if he could ""come get in the car with me"". When I then responded ""being a teammate is not a sufficient payment, and in order to get into my vehicle you must first perform oral sex on me."" I was then met with an uncouth, verbal attack.This then escalated further into what can only be best described as a spontaneous form of slapstick comedy. ""VReady970"" began firing off several shots at the back of the vehicle in order to injure me and then subjugate myself under his control by his laughable attempt to dethrone me from driver's seat in the vehicle, his telos (ultimate aim, end goal and so on and so on) being so that he could drive off and abandon me to die. However, in protest, I then began gaining a momentous amount of speed, proceeding to contact my car with ""VReady970"" until he was downed and then reversed over him, dead. A catastrophic outcome for ""VReady970"" is also, in part, a valuable lesson in morality. The lesson being (although a depressing one), that he must perform oral sex the next time he wants to get into a vehicle without having anything to offer (in real life or alternative reality he must decide).Finally, this game raises an important philosophical question that must be examined, that being: whether the player (the gamer, the individual and so on) can handle such an intrinsic lesson in ontology, which is delivered in such a naturalistic and almost primordial narrative so suddenly without any knowledge to the player beforehand."
,Recommended,578080,33952140,Posted: 1 August,all,euphoria. S> Gen Guardian Pin.,"I am having a blast playing this game both solo and with some mates, every single match feels fresh and new. I can acquire great gear and zone early game; or it feels the odds are against me. It has quite a long way to go when it comes to optimization and bug fixes, but you can really tell that PlayerUnknown and the devs over at Bluehole really do care about making the game the best it can be, as well as maximising their profits (ie, paid cases.) This AE title offers alot more then other titles of the same genre. (I'm looking at you *cough* H1 *cough*.) And takes community input very seriously.Hopefully, this game keeps its momentum of weekly hot fixes and monthly big updates. This game is gonna go places."
,Recommended,578080,30841441,Posted: 30 March,all,Odin's Son,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░H1Z1░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░
76561197990994221,Not Recommended,578080,33818548,Posted: 26 July,all,Sparkeh!?!?,Microtransaction crates? An excuse to take content from the game and force players to pay for it.
,Recommended,578080,31239296,Posted: 19 April,all,CranberrySauce,"I used to play playerunkowns arma 3 battle royale before I heard about this, this game is a must have for any fan of competitive shooters and for people who think they're the best thing that ever happened to the gaming world, this game will show you how good you are at gaming or how bad you suck. The gunplay and audio is pure gold to the eyes and ears, the graphics are nice but not overdone, I like that. The performance is pretty good but i'm on a sorta high end pc, 36 fps average on 32 gb ddr4, 1050 TI 4gb edition, i7 6700k and just a normal hard drive. I play this almost every day I come home from work just to see if I can be the last one standing. So far I won twice."
76561198049502568,Not Recommended,578080,34938873,Posted: 13 September,all,Zero [ Aux ],"Rating: 4/10 - ""120 Chicken McNuggets would have been a better use of $30""This game is just another spin off on the competely lame battle royale genre. In this variant we have a developer that seeks to make in-game weaponry as realistic as possible. Ironically the most entertaining and enjoyable parts of the game are unintentional or unrealistic mechanics, such as the glitchy car physics, and people who drive around the battlefield only to honk their car horn. For a little bit the gameplay is fun, but after enough repetition it's mundane, and not rewarding. I will list my 5 problems with the game.1) From the start of the game you must decide between 2 ultimate, and completely exclusive goals: Win the game, or maximize kda. Because there's no bounty system it's almost never worth getting into a fight until the very end if your objective is to win. Often times fighting other players will expend more of your healing resources and ammo than you can harvest off of them if you win. Similarly engaging in mid game fights will reveal your position. The true winner's strategy is to find a way to lay low.2) The game begins to feel like loot simulator after enough repetition. Opening doors and picking up items as fast as possible just feels like a massive waste of time only implemented to give the player something to do while they kill time until the circle is small enough to actually force players into combat. Majority of games you'll spend the first 75% of the game just foraging for items.3) Team mode is not a good experience with friends. Dying early game means that you've ruined the game for your friends, and generally this calls for everyone exiting and queueing up again. Dying mid game means you get to watch your friends play the rest of the game for 10+ minutes.4) The game is not properly integrated to steam. Despite requiring steam auth, it has its own separate friends list system, and forces you to create an in game identity. This is confusing for people who dont use the same name for everything, and is an unnecessary complication for friending people you played with in game.5) It is of the general opinion of most players that the developers are unreasonable to the consumer. I have personally never experienced any problems, but it is significant to point out that there have been MANY unjustified bans. The developers side with twitch streamers to an extreme extent, and have a hard♥♥♥♥♥'my way or the highway' mentality. I do not like supporting this type of developer."
,Recommended,578080,34304510,Posted: 17 August,all,🌟 Milky Chews 🌟,Suprize attacking people is way too funny. Hiding somewhere after seeing people then massacring there whole team is too good. Playing solo is intense and getting to the top 5 can be so fun.The combat is really well done. Its shexy. Good selection of guns and throwables. The game will only get better as it ages.Callum has a wee cry when there is no guns.
,Not Recommended,578080,30931752,Posted: 3 April,all,brownie689,"I was banned from the forums for pointing out the glaring fact that this game is full of cheaters. So the developers would rather silence me than fix the problem. That tells you a lot about these people and what they're really about. I linked video proof of cheats and got banned, lmfao. Don't buy this game until the cheats are removed.The developers of this game are pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ They are going around banning people FOR LIFE if they complain about this game in any way. They are a bunch of dickless ♥♥♥♥♥♥s with no balls and hide behind their Steam Forum admin powers to silence everyone who doesn't praise their game.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. STAY FAR FAR AWAY AT ALL COSTS."
,Not Recommended,578080,33816456,Posted: 26 July,all,Sulfurion,"Instead of fixing existing bugs and introducing new content, they are monetizing the game by taking away the loot that was previously buyable with in-game gold and making it only purchasable with real money. Which would have been fine if it was an F2P game but it's not, it's a 30€ game that is following the guaranteed recipe for failure that is trying to milk the whales. I cant say much for the game itself since at the time of this review i've played only 20 hours, other than the fact that i've had a lot of fun playing it. It's a real shame Bluehole has chosen the direction that they did because i cannot see myself playing this game in a few months if they go through with it."
76561198022623540,Not Recommended,578080,33275965,Posted: 5 July,all,RichGuru,I hate people. This game makes me hate them even more.
,Recommended,578080,33157020,Posted: 2 July,all,puggie @ wisconsin,hug the corner of the gas so you don't see anyone forthe entire game until you only have to kill one last person to get #1.gg ez11/10
76561198010794096,Recommended,578080,32942009,Posted: 28 June,all,Typ,Do you like winning?Yes? Then this is not the game for you!
,Recommended,578080,32872350,Posted: 27 June,all,Patrón,10/10play solo : adrenaline mode onplay squad : of course funny mode on
,Recommended,578080,33189166,Posted: 3 July,all,endon,"There isn't enough salt to describe how much this game can mess with you, your friends and your family."
,Recommended,578080,32050077,Posted: 29 May,all,Kryptza,Is Good
76561197995283055,Recommended,578080,33258876,Posted: 4 July,all,NixonRider,"This is one of the rare game that provides a real adrenaline kick.You'll live great, funny and glorious moments with your friends even if you don't win the round.It's practices leadership, quick decision making, strategy - logic and communication.Game mechanics are good, devs keep updating the game weekly, graphics are fine.Map is well designed. Not too big - not too small. There is cover almost everywhere.I like the gameplay too, to be able to revive a teammate add some challenge and hope compared to other battle royale game.It's a fun and addictive game for sure and a must have in your steam library.There will be some games that wont work so good and you'll feel like you lost your time as there is no progression or achievment in the game, but you just to not think about that and focus on good moments."
,Recommended,578080,32947475,Posted: 28 June,all,Enviar,Fun game to play with friend's.
,Recommended,578080,33366420,Posted: 8 July,all,Ashterial,I haven't played a whole lot but it's a great game. The matches can get pretty intense and can be a little rage inducing as well as creating joy when you escape from a sticky situation you thouoght you would die from. This is also early access and amazing for being early access.
,Not Recommended,578080,31672774,Posted: 10 May,all,Depression.exe,worst ♥♥♥♥ing game ever invented like for real don't play it. I'd rather be diagnosed with HIV/AIDS and terminal brain cancer in the same day than play this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ feminist loving game. ♥♥♥♥ off you ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ worst game ever
76561198008833933,Recommended,578080,33438827,Posted: 10 July,all,Diplomat99,"This is the first review I am writing, ever. And I have been on Steam for 8 years. Anyway. This game is addictive, and I do NOT even understand why. I honestly suck, 4 times I have been in the Top 10, once I was no 2nd place, usually I make it to the last third and get murdered from somewhere. And still this game has a certain genius feel.Why? You live for these moments in a game where you do the same you usually get from someone far superior. Like driving over someone with a UAZ how has really good equiment but can't manage to shoot you out from the car. Of camping on a balcony and wait until somone is in the adjacent room, looks out of the window, does not see you (but you can because of 3rd person), he turns and gets killed by you. Or you and some other poor guy drop in the same group of buildings, you find a gun first and hunt him down.My amateur-tips for beginners:Ignore the crossbow. Seriously.Car physics are a recipy for desaster, motorcycles in particular.But great for getting in the zone from a bad choosen spot. Motorcycles are fast and loose control even faster.Air-drops are usually cleaned out by someone who gets there with a fast vehicle and the camps it to kill anyone silly enough to think one minute after it touches ground you might have a chance getting there first. Yeah,right.Inhouse fights are usually won with the mirco Uzi, the UMP or a double barred shotgun. Just dont miss the shotgun.While you aim down the scope, or iron sight with the same button you sprint (usually shift) you hold your breath to aim better. In the heat of battle I usually forget.Grenades suck. they take long to draw, aim and throw. maybe if you throw it in a room with a camper you can manage some worth.All in all, a sick genius game where you are drawn back to, without any rational reason. You try to win, you die to someone superior, BUT once I a while you smile.And yes, this game gives out adrenaline like candy. I only played ""singleplayer"". Maybe someone will read this and invite me to a clan or unit to play duo or team. I suck, and will go now to get killed.5/7 Would buy again!"
,Recommended,578080,31863763,Posted: 20 May,all,Ｍｅｒｃｈａｎｔ,"not experienced any problems with the game, seems good with good hit reg"
,Recommended,578080,31373273,Posted: 26 April,all,IsaeK,Skydiving simulator + Dilivering simulator= Playerunknown's Battlegrounds.
,Recommended,578080,33298304,Posted: 5 July,all,bigred,love it!
,Recommended,578080,32881826,Posted: 27 June,all,mrCl,"Looting simulator 2017, very fun with friends recommend 10/10."
,Recommended,578080,32164097,Posted: 3 June,all,ertu ツ,With the latest update the game has changed a lot. Now the lag is way fewer than 2 months ago. The fps are more stable and with fewer hackers it's definetly more playable. Two things that we all are waiting for are less RAM and CPU usage. Keep the good work up!
,Recommended,578080,31593669,Posted: 6 May,all,Dark47Killer,"Battle Royal HistoryI have played many Battle Royal games!Arma 2Arma 3H1Z1RustEtcBut all of them had issues that really did not make the games so fun as they should have bin, Anything from broken guns, to just being super laggy or buggy, but PUBG changed that!PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDSThis game is really damn fun, it is a mix of Realistic but as well has a bit of arcade to it, the game has not bin out for a very long time so knowing that, and that it is in a Beta stage.  The game itself is really stable, and yes the FPS still need a bit of work to be done with, but I actually get better fps on PUBG then i did on H1Z1, and that is pretty damn sad!Loot SystemThe loot system is really well made, because they actually have Gun attachments in the game, but not only that, the loot in put into a Tier System (1 being bad - 3 being the best), so its not like in H1Z1 where you look for 4 mins and you're all looted up and just camp the rest of the game. In PUBG you're scavenging stuff the whole game looking for scopes, and such to make sure that you are set up for all situations!GunsThere is a nice Arsenal in the game, and more guns will be added. Each gun has its weakness but as well each gun has its good side, Anything from an Ak47 having awesome damage, but the recoil being really high, or the , m16 doing less damage but being really has no recoil so its nice for long range battles. There is as well SMG(s) and Shotguns(s) and yes in this game the Shotguns actually work pretty darn good! You as well can get some special guns that you will only find in Airdrops like AWM, M24, M249, Tommy gun.Other stuffThere is a nice amount of cars in the game, and the physics for the cars are much better then H1Z1 they flip less, and they handle much better then they did in H1Z1. Other stuff as the Animations and movement is really well done as well, Only thing is missing is Vaulting because sometimes trying to jump over something can be a bit of an issue!ProsGreat MapGood Hit regLots of nice gunsWorking CarsCustom ServersSolo, Doubles, SquadGreat Looking GameReally fun to playConsFPS DropsServer IssuesNo SeasonsPrices is a bit HighA few small BugsGame Crashes SometimesFinal VedicI love this game it's one of the most stable early access games I have ever played on steam, and yes the price for the game is a bit high, but if you can get the money for the game then you should most likely buy it! If you are a fan of Battle Royal like I am, you mostly likely already have this game in you're library because it's one of those, ""need to own games"" because it actually is playable not like many of the other Battle Royal games out there in the market right now! Hope you like the review!"
76561198016722588,Recommended,578080,32900944,Posted: 27 June,all,WEI PEI WOO WOO [Pork Chop],IF U HAS THE URGE TO TOUCH YOURSELF ON THE DAILY THIS GAME OF MOTHER RUSSIA WILL GIT YO HANDS OFF U SELF AND BACK ONTO DA KEYBOARD FAH SHO. 5 OUT OF 5
,Recommended,578080,33152130,Posted: 2 July,all,KDOGDaddy,Hands down best Battleroyale game available to date.
,Recommended,578080,30818201,Posted: 29 March,all,GhosT,"horrible optimization.Sudden lag.Unplayable at the moment.REFUNDEDWill buy again after all these are patched.Update 2 :Optimization at its best.Within 1 week the game was playable at good frame ratesUpdate 3 :Best game everthough there are some minor bugs, but i can live with that.Must buy !!"
,Recommended,578080,32227088,Posted: 6 June,all,Bronydell,"TL;TR: Might be addictive for some people, like DayZ or Arma fans, but performance and some gameplay features may break your experience.Pros:* Team/Solo friendly game* Items from lootboxes cost more than 0.03$* Tons of rememberable situations* Game FEELS good(i.e. atmospheric)* Not bad count of loot items* Really fast game search(takes less than 5 seconds to find a game)Cons:* Sometimes you just feel unlucky, when you can't find enogh loot* Performance is... Not good* Netcode is... Acceptable* Get ready for some sound♥♥♥♥♥♥on spawn(I am not talking about mic spam)* Not for everybody"
,Recommended,578080,30813287,Posted: 29 March,all,H a n n i b a l,Diese Spiel gut ja..
,Recommended,578080,31407344,Posted: 27 April,all,KakSetoMulyadi,"The ""We lose because of you"" Simulator 10/10"
76561198145318625,Recommended,578080,30838475,Posted: 30 March,all,MeHutch,Yes this game is good. Can't wait for some more optimization!
,Recommended,578080,32882395,Posted: 27 June,all,HKing2v,This game is amazing I've nothing to complain guaranteed fun!
76561198088403758,Recommended,578080,32874993,Posted: 27 June,all,ryebreadthomp,This game is so much fun. The idea of looting and just fighting it out is a tried and tested game type which is a blast. The only thing that is a bummer with this set up is that it takes so long to loot at then find people. Some times you can run around for like 20 minutes without seeing anyone and then get shot in the back. But overall the rush of the kill is so worth it.
,Recommended,578080,32905901,Posted: 27 June,all,InCludZ,after playing this game for 130+ hrsI can said it was the best battle royal gamesjust buy it
,Recommended,578080,32915721,Posted: 27 June,all,caserandom.com,It is a good game
,Recommended,578080,32547239,Posted: 18 June,all,Chief Checkaho,"I've had this game since its original launch date and have been thoroughly impressed with the frequent updates to this game. Player Unknown has done a fantastic job devloping this game thus far and I eagerly await the future for this game. My biggest concern witht the game in its current state is the poor optimization, but that should all change relatively soon, as the devloper has promised optimization and polishing patches in the near future."
,Recommended,578080,30908755,Posted: 2 April,all,Desswink,A camper's wet dream. Best camping simulator that i'v ever played. 10/10 would camp again because running in♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization is a torture.
,Not Recommended,578080,30969179,Posted: 5 April,all,Duunimestari,"Ruined my Putin with gingerhair, forces to pay 3000 to change it back =♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
,Recommended,578080,31701773,Posted: 12 May,all,ILKIO,"31 hours in, 1 win, keep getting 1 shot with a Shotgun. 10/10."
76561197983114150,Recommended,578080,32938398,Posted: 28 June,all,Jess.~,"This is a very good game. Fun gameplay.Intense, I just wish they add new maps andfix some small buggs,"
,Recommended,578080,32961525,Posted: 28 June,all,Non-HS,20 min loot - die from single shot - repeat
,Recommended,578080,32908404,Posted: 27 June,all,ϟϟ Happy Potato,A game to communicate with fellow asians. The first part of the game where everyone is on the plane is the best.
,Recommended,578080,30905779,Posted: 2 April,all,Island,"Best by far for any Battle Royal game!Overall, its definitely worth the meer $30 you spend for the hours you will play, its fun to get in groups with your friends and see who is best!Pros:great feel, very versatile as far as options go [3rd & 1st person playing]Active lobbies, everygame is fullWide variety of weapons to use, along with gearGroup playing, probably the best part of this game, easily make new friendsVery large and immersive map!Cons:Poorly optimised, youre going to need a little bit more than required specs for nowno cheat detector, there is hacks/mod already available, and its very appearent"
,Recommended,578080,30774577,Posted: 27 March,all,vindaro,What hurts the most was being so close...Can't wait for future updates.
,Recommended,578080,30837308,Posted: 30 March,all,saer,"I've been playing this game since closed beta & i think its great for the state of development it is currently under. The future looks bright for this game & it's fun but you should wait if you feel skeptical about buying it, just like any other early access game."
,Recommended,578080,31616940,Posted: 7 May,all,ON3TON,"This game is awesome, still some bugs out there, and would be great to be able to get some servers in South-Africa, but still a kick♥♥♥♥♥game even with the high pings."
,Recommended,578080,31847964,Posted: 19 May,all,Seduced Senpai,"Review for PLAYERUNKOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS,This is a great game that really makes you think your every move..--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Performance: 7/10The performance of this game is not the worst but not the best. Afterall it is an early access game, I have had multiple crashes but seem to hold fps above 80 with minimal drops.I play on:i7 4790K 4.0GHz16GB RAMGTX1070 8GBGraphics: 8/ 10Still some graphic bugs, but overall a great looking game even for early access!Gameplay: 10/10I am thoroughly enjoying every minute of this game, the gameplay is very engaging and keeps you thinking.Music/Sounds: 10/10The sounds on this game have been done very well. You really have to listen to be able to tell where you are getting shot from and be able to tell where people are.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The price may seem a little steep for a Early Access but believe me you won't be disappointed. This game has great potential and the developer's seem to be listening to feedback and improving the game as necassary. I can already see a great improvement in performance since i first played.This review was done at 31Hrs in game. Will update with more time with the game and when new updates are released.19/05/2017"
,Recommended,578080,31683421,Posted: 11 May,all,joni,"Best Battle Royale game on the market right now, even though it's still in early acces"
76561198358476385,Not Recommended,578080,33834848,Posted: 27 July,all,209buffett,It takes forever to match. ORZ
,Not Recommended,578080,33873084,Posted: 28 July,all,Elysium,"I love this game. It's fun, but I will leave this on negative until they fix their banning policies. (I don't like doing reviews but this is absurd on how they're treating the community.)"
,Not Recommended,578080,33850220,Posted: 28 July,all,koyykdy,"The community has cemented and the rules are clear:-you cannot protect yourself from teammates in an online survival shooter game-streamers are a privileged class that cannot be killed in game-the development team is fully willing and capable of going back on their word on development-their korean microdings get hard for microtransactionsI cannot support this game in good conscience, and the third person graphics combined with no stamina system or plausible vehicle physics makes this game unenjoyable.Don't waste your money."
76561198356216561,Recommended,578080,30780399,Posted: 27 March,all,teasteve,The points system is a bit rediculous as it costs far too many points for reward crates and the game doesn't give you that many per round. That aside this is a solid battle royal game that will be played and replayed and enjoyed just as much each time.UPDATE. Points are now not being added to my player. This must be addressed. Also it is almost impossible to tell where you are being shot from.
,Not Recommended,578080,34753204,Posted: 5 September,all,Pwndaloon,"Refusal to add first person servers when they clearly can, killing the game for many doing this"
76561198101386448,Not Recommended,578080,34727928,Posted: 3 September,all,大远,"I'm worried about the future of the game because of third-party cheating software.In Asia server, the external serious influence to the game balance, destroy the player's gaming experience, even top game also has a lot of players with their own plugin ID contact as propaganda, this is incredible!!!!!!As is known to all external auxiliary in FPS type game is inevitable, but hope that developers can join in the game as soon as possible to report mechanism, playback, and death. I think this is a very necessary development task at the moment, and it can effectively accelerate the search for external hangings."
,Not Recommended,578080,34313466,Posted: 17 August,all,memware.gov,"This game is so overrated its laggy af the buildings load in like lego blocks and causes lag at inconvient times, dont buy this game unless you have an expensive pc because its not optimized and runs exactly like arma 3"
,Not Recommended,578080,34515549,Posted: 26 August,all,just Dave is fine,"It still doesn't run decent, but worse yet I still get a lot of CTDs randomly. I've only ever finished a few matches now without a crash. I realize its early access, but it may be better to wait for the full release to see if some of these issues are knocked out."
,Not Recommended,578080,31590092,Posted: 6 May,all,Freerunnerx10 | Youtube,E-sports Ready...
,Not Recommended,578080,31571321,Posted: 5 May,all,neat,"EDIT: It's been a few months since this review and I have to say that it has not gotten any better. Now the devs went back on their word on monetization and are introducing microtransactions when the game is not even close to being out of Early Access. On top of that, it's using the worst, most consumer-unfriendly kind of microtransaction system: crates and keys. You can't get these items without paying. They are STRICTLY cosmetics but the fact is the devs lied to everyone who bought their game. Supposedly the proceeds from these cosmetics are going toward their e-sports scene but they sold millions of copies of this blatantly unfinished game and are now still trying to milk money out of it by pretending it's a finished game. Performance issues have yet to be addressed and there has not been as much work done on the game as the updates would lead you to believe. Most of the patch notes have been devoid of detail other than noting ""performance fixes"" and ""minor bug fixes"" though the game feels exactly the same today to me as it did before. The massive stuttering is still there and very prominent and there is no point in taking advantage of the higher quality graphics because they will simply not work on your machine unless you have the LATEST GPU and CPU. I'm really disappointed in the work done on this game and actually wish I could have refunded it when I had the chance and saved my money for either a better game or waited until this poor battle royale was in a complete state.Oh man, I don't even know where to start.So much potential, but it's just...it's not even close yet.- Hackers EVERYWHERE. Horrible anti-cheat measures to begin with. Not to mention they delete/ban posts on the official forums pointing to this to avoid the issue. Bravo ""PLAYERUNKNOWN"".- Bullet lag. I know this is just something I should expect from an early access game being unstable in the network area, but this combined with going up against aimbotters and wallhackers kind of ruins the game for me.- Performance is absolutely godawful unless you have a CPU and GPU that are less than 6 months old. FPS is not stable in any configuration otherwise, I've played more graphically intensive games on this card than PUBG with no problems but this is the only game in my library that gives my rig trouble. You can go from 60FPS to less than 1FPS just by opening and closing your inventory even with lowest settings. This is probably the least optimized early access game on Steam right now.- 3rd person ruins much of the gunplay IMO. People can shoot you without you ever seeing them even if you're prepared and checking your corners/cover properly.- Cosmetics system is lame. Can't even get some of the items you find in the map through the 'crate' system. You get an item through increasing increments of 700 points in-game. That's right, ONE item, after 700 points, then ONE after 1400...and so on. It makes only the community market viable for getting the items you want.- Tons of bugs. Game-breaking ones that can cost you a match like getting out of a stopped vehicle and having it run over you and kill you, to inconveniences like items disappearing from your inventory.If you want the good things about the game there's plenty of positive reviews out about it that cover the good parts. However I'd recommend waiting for a few weeks/months on this game until its in at least a half-playable state as opposed to a barely-playable state as it is now."
,Recommended,578080,30824383,Posted: 29 March,all,GTRobert,"The game is out for some time now and i might add that no changes occured from the closed beta stage if anyone is curious about this fact. I had a lot of fun the hours spent so far by enjoying all 3 game modes from solos to squads with friends and with an awesome potential looking forward to the enthusiastic development team and changes to come in the upcoming updates and besides the obvious bugs and servers stability this game in this early access period, this game is a must for every Battle Royale mod fans out there!"
,Recommended,578080,33035940,Posted: 30 June,all,Hion-V,yes
,Recommended,578080,30986828,Posted: 6 April,all,CryogenicCabbage,Incredibly fun game that is improving significantly with each update!
76561197969292412,Not Recommended,578080,34758749,Posted: 5 September,all,Porkchop,Depending on what region you're from you will potentially have a version of the game lacking in some modes. Not being able to provide a uniform experience is one thing (with the expectation that eventually rollout of all modes would be available to all players) but continually lying to your playerbase / customers is another.
,Not Recommended,578080,34729148,Posted: 4 September,all,Gina Rinehart,"This game has been out for almost 6 months now and the devs still haven't been bothered to add first person only servers to OCE.If their excuse is the most played game on steam doesn't have ""enough players"" for these extra servers, then they're lying out of their teethMake sure to add microtransactions though......."
,Recommended,578080,32792998,Posted: 25 June,all,Michael_372,Absolutely all around good game...
,Recommended,578080,32395016,Posted: 13 June,all,TheSquatch,"Playerunkown's Battlegrounds is a really great game, I don't have many hours, but I do have a Chicken Dinner. Here are what I think should be changed:Better ServersBetter OptimizationBetter MapI run Battlegrounds with:2 18 Core Xeon e5-2697 v4 @ 4.2 GHz128GB DDR4 RAM @ 3200MHz4 EVGA Geforce GTX 1080 TI 11GBUltra @ 8k~400 FPSFPS-wise I play Battlegrounds just fine, but everyone complains how low FPS they get, but Battlegrounds is poorly optimized, so hopefully Low-End people will be able to run the game at 60 FPS on Very Low, while high-end people can crank their game up to Ultra.Servers are a bigger problem. I have very fast ethernet, and Battlegrounds still has server lag, which can be frustrating when you are trying to secure that kill, It happens to everyone, but should be fixed.As for the map, It seems like the Devs made 12 different houses and Copy/Pasted them around the map. The game completely playable though, just a bit redundant and boring, going into a different area would be awesome, forcing players to focus on learning the map.This game is Highly Recommended. It's absolutely amazing, Though I would recommend purchasing this game once It's released for players with poor internet and computers, for It will be unplayable for then until release. PlayerUnknown Battlegrounds is without a doubt, the greatest game I have ever played. Embarking on a journey has never felt more fun than playing this game. The rich story and fun quests keep you going on to find PlayerUnknown. The many different directions that you can choose to take in the game is great. The 3 main factions, The Player, the Unkown, and The Battleground all offer their own unique view on how issues should be handled in the Pochinki, and choosing the right faction can be a hard decision. I can forget the soundtrack. The soundtrack si outstanding. Sometimes I can find myslef listening to Player Unknown City Radio just for the fun of it. Honestly, this game is absolutely great, and I highly reccomend that you purchase it."
76561198015486981,Not Recommended,578080,34767923,Posted: 5 September,all,product211,Lack of OCE first person servers makes this game unplayable.Be aware that playing in Oceania with sub 200 ping is impossible in FPP.Disappointing from blue hole.
76561198041519097,Not Recommended,578080,34765826,Posted: 5 September,all,Hmph,No fpp oce servers. Unless you want 300ping fpp servers you only get half the game.
,Recommended,578080,33296109,Posted: 5 July,all,Kenny,Best game I own.
76561198045745986,Not Recommended,578080,33903725,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr.Lew | LFT,Adding micro transactions during early access lol gtfo
76561198020498524,Recommended,578080,34855716,Posted: 10 September,all,JELLYnoob,"Amazing game. Best played in first person because it is fair. 3rd person is great except it can either work in your favour or against you when you peek around corners or look around windows. Overall game play is great and realistic. Bad things are minor, they need to fix the sound, when you try to sneak it makes the same noise as walking. Vaulting over walls needs to be fixed.RegardsJelly"
,Recommended,578080,30700888,Posted: 24 March,all,Voxtrio,"This game by far has provided the best experience in the Battle Royale genre, not only has it trumped every other BR game in terms of population the developers are easily the most transparent and seem to be fullfilling their early access goals."
,Recommended,578080,31326168,Posted: 23 April,all,Nilop,School shootings are commonplace here and I dont know if I should laugh
76561198023268697,Not Recommended,578080,34386126,Posted: 20 August,all,daddymanmeister,"The devs seem to lack some judgement in this game. They should stop being childish and let people play the game not suck streamers ""cough"" views. I cant really say i appreciate what they are doing , thus i would not recommend people to buy the game."
,Recommended,578080,34562764,Posted: 28 August,all,Club,the drop is just over the hill
76561198005860266,Not Recommended,578080,33663901,Posted: 19 July,all,Defyance,Game is fun but the servers are trash and constant network lag. Wait to buy until the dev's have better servers and less connection issues.
,Recommended,578080,30789702,Posted: 28 March,all,SwRudy,"Alright, i feel that it is neccesary to give an opinion about this whole ""Crate Key"" system and how ♥♥♥♥ing moronic the community is at the moment. Alright lets look at some things:BlueHole added TWO new FREE cases with NEW EXPENISVE items you can get FOR ♥♥♥♥ING FREE!Yet no one bloody cares about that cause everyone is focused about BlueHole trying to earn more money which is not only going towards a tournament, but A ♥♥♥♥ING CHARITY! You people are mad about people donating to CHARITY!Yes the servers were laggy, yet they hotfixed it in a day, yet it would take other companies such as valve to do something to games like Counter Strike which take months for♥♥♥♥♥♥to be fixed.Yes they did add micro transactions that they did promise not to do so, but who cares. If they never existed the community would have been fine. Promises break people, its the real world. Companies have to think about the revenue and how they need to pay their employees and other companies for♥♥♥♥♥♥Another thing is that you people are complaining about what is basically skins for CSGO (Guaranted some of you have played counter strike and have bought cases and keys)You dont need to participate, you can buy the CASE, sell it and make money :OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOYou people are actually so childish to care about stuff you dont even need to participate in. Grow the ♥♥♥♥ upFinally, THEY WILL BE REMOVED, ITS A ♥♥♥♥ING TEST FOR CHRIST SAKES. THEY ARE TESTING♥♥♥♥♥♥The recent reviews are nothing but complaints about lag and this crate key♥♥♥♥♥♥ another thing would be that 280,000+ people are playing the game at 1 time, of ♥♥♥♥ing course the servers will be laggy, its EARLY ACCESS, dont like it, dont participate.End of Rant."
76561198052647820,Not Recommended,578080,34539880,Posted: 27 August,all,Proxx,"Honestly this game is all luck, Of course being a shooter theres some skill. Literally paying 30 bucks to test just how lucky you are vsing 100 people ( depending on the mode ) i can't tell you how many games i've landed where i've looted 3-4 houses finding absolutely nothing and coming across a guy who landed near you who has everything you could imagine ( All lv 3 or close to it with a fully kited gun )within a couple buildings. Honestly if it was possible i'd refund the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game."
,Not Recommended,578080,34555235,Posted: 28 August,all,Salt Powered Robot,"Devs are horrible, break earlier promises.Micro-transaction loot boxes were added before the game is even out.Devs are banning ""stream snipers"" (mostly people who happen to kill streamers).Game is still incredibly broken and buggy.Runs like crap, choppy framerates on an RX 480 low/medium settings.Low detail structures will sometimes stay even when you're right next to them.Game uses mostly pre-bought assets for buildings.Devs ban players for using glitches that are only there because of their own incompetence.Once the game comes out, paid loot boxes will be the only way to get cosmetics.Costs $10 to get a single outfit w/ crates MINIMUM (.065% chance of that happening).Devs value streamers over their normal players, and if you even honk a car horn next to one you will be banned.First Person Perspective controls feel bad to use.The whole game is incredibly clunky.Net code is bad.Be prepared to be randomly banned in a game you spent $30 on for no reason.Looting things is clunky.""You can't criticize PUBG for most of these things because it's still in early access!""1. If someone is selling something you can review it the same as any other finished thing because reviews are used to make purchasing decisions.2. If a dev ever sells DLC or Microtransactions, they automatically disqualify themselves from the 'Early Access' defense."
76561198267821634,Not Recommended,578080,34452989,Posted: 23 August,all,Toenail,"Game is fun. However, has many issues with the optimization and this leads to buildings not loading and crashes. After the recent updates the game has been unbearable. I will update my review once these issues are fixed. 6/10"
76561198080540855,Recommended,578080,33784378,Posted: 25 July,all,Gazorpazorpfeild,.
,Recommended,578080,30694057,Posted: 23 March,all,TruuePaiin,"This game doesn't only have great potential, it already is a really good game. The only big downside it has, is that the performance is not optimized, but I am sure that the developers are working on good optimization. At the current state I would only recommend it to people with an above average system, but as I said I'm pretty sure it gets optimized soon. We always have to consider the fact that the game is only in Early Access."
,Recommended,578080,30876091,Posted: 1 April,all,☩Arnea☩,"This game is one of those games I will spend hours on. In my opinion this game has alot of potential but you have to give it some time to be in its perfect formHere are good and bad things about the game+Good graphics and atmosphere, even with the worst graphical settings.+You can get good loot, but hardly get the best loot+Even a newbie who has not played any kind of game will learn it quickly+Customisable weapons and a lot of diffrent attachments and grenades+Core mechanics are solid and simple and yet found no bugs.There are lots of other great things about the game, but there are also many bad things about the game since its early access.-Optimisation is so uncompleted, so even with a good computer you encounter fps drops and lag-If you want to fix the fps you have to do it manually (+you can find some youtube videos how to fix it and its super easy)-As said there is alot of lag even with good internet-some serves are unplayable becouse of the slow rendering and amount of lag (this becomes a trouble becouse the buildings look like they took them from google earth and you cannot enter into some of them)There are some things what i didnt list but those are the bad things.I suggest you to buy this game after like 2-3 months so they get some things fixed and hopefully also the optimisation and the servers. Also dont buy this game at its full price, wait for the sales."
,Recommended,578080,32882249,Posted: 27 June,all,jevvik,"I'd like to start this review off saying that PLAYERUNKOWN's BATTLEGROUNDS is arguably the most definitive battle royal game to date. While it's still in its early stages of development, it's still quite fun, and the developers are working hard to push updates filled with interesting and provocative content each month.If you've played H1Z1: King of The Kill, The Culling, Last Man Standing, or any battle royal mod; Whether it be for Arma II, Rust, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, or even MineCraft, then you'll thoroughly enjoy your time playing this game. If you haven't played any of the games or mods I've mentioned, then you should still definitely give this a go, as it's easy to learn the basics and there isn't a lot of major barriers in learning the harder stuff.While little problems plague the game, most of which are just silly and annoying; Improper object placement, trees phasing into houses, etc. I can easily look past that by the experience the title provides in terms of gameplay. I haven't had so many exciting and thrilling moments in any other game than this.Overall, whether you're new to the battle royal games genre, or you're a veteran, I hope that you can look past the price tag and early access banner, and I hope that you enjoy your experience as much as I did, as I highly recommend this game to anyone who seems even slightly interested in getting it.74/100 - Great game, but plagued by poor optimization and polishing."
76561198007262177,Not Recommended,578080,34208061,Posted: 13 August,all,Silly Bonobo,"I like this game, but I'd wait. Bugs galore, no vaulting, and ban happy mods, it's a bit of a mess right now. Plus pay to open crates of which I bought two (out of appreciation for the game) and got the same item... I know it's rng but ffs don't milk an early access game.This game is making progress, and should be fun when finished if the devs don't greed their way to hell. We'll see."
,Not Recommended,578080,34235976,Posted: 14 August,all,PSI Magnet α,"Huge memory leak issue, needs to be restarted after every game."
,Recommended,578080,30866691,Posted: 31 March,all,Teagy,"Overall a great Game,Pros-mixture of h1z1 King of the kill and arma 3-It's better then h1z1 :D-made by the creator of the battle royal mod in the early days of H1z1-has an AWP named AWM-tons of gun and attachment options-More customization-You get to pick when and sort of where to jump out of a plan-Fun with friendsCons- little bit of bugs, but it just came out and its early access-poor optimization, but most likely going to get better over Time"
,Not Recommended,578080,34654661,Posted: 1 September,all,ya boy charlie ii,"I have spent 3 days trying to get this game to work to no avail.  Every time I load into a game, it kicks me within 3 seconds and tells me ""BE not running correctly"".   After trying every solution offered online, none have worked, not even a fresh windows 10 install.  Support has done nothing for me, basically telling me they had no idea.  I cannot reccomend this game at all, as it doesn't even work."
,Recommended,578080,33238119,Posted: 4 July,all,[FM]DhrMike,uninstall h1z1 pleas.
76561198312709721,Recommended,578080,31026491,Posted: 8 April,all,Sylonix,Has to be one of the best Battleroyale games out there.Super satisfying to get a kill as well
76561198133730736,Recommended,578080,33240970,Posted: 4 July,all,EzZy,Really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nice.
,Recommended,578080,32062482,Posted: 30 May,all,Zōlk,The Battle-Royale we were waiting for. (10/10)What are you waiting for? We are waiting for you at the PUBG!
,Recommended,578080,31849101,Posted: 19 May,all,Tomographic,10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,578080,32329243,Posted: 10 June,all,Eric90,"So, I've done 1 review already but it was nowhere near Serious and because I'm enjoying this one at the moment I'm gonna give my thoughts about this Game. Remember that this is my unimportant opinionIt's one of the few games where I can actually say it was worth buying it, even for that price. PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS shortened PUBG is a Multiplayer 3rd and 1st Person Battle royale Shooter. So your point simply is to be the last man standing while you are avoiding the deadly zone which gets smaller from time to time and does more damage to you the smaller it gets. You can play this up to 4 people or alone if you consider yourself your friend. Well it is in Early Access but the Engine is really nice. The Recoil and bullet flying of the weapons is realistic and not unnecessary easy. The Car Physics are meh, meaning that you could randomly do a backflip and land with the roof of your car. But I haven't really experienced it myself, only seen it. The physics of the player are kind of realistic like jumping on a sloping Mountain will make you slide of a bit, but when it comes to fences it could get frustrating like you're going to sprint jump over a fence but you simply don't make it. That could actually kill you sometimes depending on the situation. The graphics are pretty good considering it's a battle royale game but that does not necessary matter. Now the bad thing about the game is the Performance and Loading. It's mostly a personal problem I know but I've seen others who get the same damn Bug over and over. Sometimes when you're landing the houses have not completly loaded which give you a huge disadvantage because other players can loot faster, get the gun faster and simply kill before you could even see a gun. And sometimes you're getting huge FPS drops which can make you lose those 1v1's. Overall I recommend this game, I'd give it 9/10, considering that this is still in Early Access. Also I didn't mention MTs because I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥as long as it doesn't change the Gameplay. You're going to need Aim, Skill, Game Sense and even Teamwork to succeed here.I might have forgotton some Things in this game but ay, this my first serious review."
76561197996985751,Not Recommended,578080,34157907,Posted: 10 August,all,Khuntbuster,"Say no to paid keys.Devs took money promising this wouldn't happen, and here I sit without the money and it's happening."
,Recommended,578080,30771392,Posted: 27 March,all,ChRoNiC,amazing game just needs some optimizing.
76561198028095788,Not Recommended,578080,34270838,Posted: 15 August,all,Takanoshiden,"I'll be honest, i love this game but me and so many others are being plagued with a texture not loading issue and so many other optimization issues at the moment, that its making the game unplayable for some(not all) so at the moment i can not reccommend this game as a good time to join into Pubg's early access when optimization gets more friendlier for me i'll switch up my review"
76561198358075319,Not Recommended,578080,34000424,Posted: 3 August,all,shinwolf,Is this CS:GO 2017?
,Not Recommended,578080,33819383,Posted: 26 July,all,Emo_,Game itself is fun with friends but it has waaay too many technical issues. They are also adding microtransactions which just adds salt to the wound. Will change if devs get a grip.
76561198068841004,Recommended,578080,30903129,Posted: 2 April,all,PROPHET,This game is so addicting and nerve racking as soon as you get down to the last 10 players the nerves kick in I would recommended taking a pee and a poop before playing this game 10/10
,Recommended,578080,33332287,Posted: 6 July,all,Santiago,"If you want:- Realism- Optimized client performance- Great network performance- Nice visuals- A fun timeI would suggest the ArmA 3 mod of this game, Battle Royale.If you want:- A hilarious♥♥♥♥♥♥fest every time you playThis game is the game for you."
,Recommended,578080,34275625,Posted: 16 August,all,Getsuga Tensho | i'm back,Please consider fixing the texture loading issue as it makes the game unplayable and it frustrates many people whohave the problem and i would appreciate if this issue willbe no more in the next update otherwise i will want a refund
,Recommended,578080,30778505,Posted: 27 March,all,Big Papi,"It's a very well polished version of King of the kill yes, It does have its issues such as Fps and no Aus Servers but even then I'm loving the game and tbh it would be expected of a first week release Early access game. Would rate 6.5/10 this game has the potential of being one of the greatest King of the kill type games just give it time."
,Recommended,578080,31336696,Posted: 24 April,all,Dog - o,"WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNERI am bad at reviews so this is gonna be like a scrambled egg all over the place.One of the most satisfying games I have ever played. The long range gun fights across feilds getting shot from who knows where to firefights in towns shooting at guys in buldings right across from you.So far one of my favorite moments in this game was my whole squad was killed and the dudes were looting their bodies in a bulding. I was real scared so I just start chucking grenades into the building one grenade downs one of their guys as they were trying to revive him I lob another grenade in and BOOM 4 kills baby. Their whole squad died and I avenged my boys.To me personally this game is a whole lot more fun with friends whether you be goofing off smashing into each other with cars or really taking the game seriously making plans of what to do next.The game is a little hard on the computer but with 100 players on a large map that is to be expected. My computer isn't quite a toaster but I do have to play on lower settings. With the most recent patch it was optimized better and my frames did jump from a poopy constant 15-25 frames to an actually enjoyable 30-45.Every match just feels so fresh it's so much fun to get geared you just have to pray RNGjesus is on your side sometimes though lemme tell ya.As for the small things sometimes connectivity issues like desyncing, items spawning in unreachable locations and randomly not being able to aim because you literally cannot see your crosshairs or scope (please god fix this). This is to be expected of an early access game but I can't wait to see what they do next to the game.Personally I'm not one to like playing solo so I'm glad there is matchmaking that matches me up with teammates. You get paired up with 3 random people but by the end you somehow form a special bond with the random people you just played with.Overall experience of this game: looting, shooting, screaming like an ape into your mic, and running away from the blue wall of death.I give this game a Papa John's pizza pie rating because it is the best pizza. (If you don't think papa johns is the best pizza then i gotta bone to pick with you)"
76561198081492978,Recommended,578080,30712802,Posted: 24 March,all,Big Thong Daddy69,go on sale
76561198158447907,Recommended,578080,31812268,Posted: 17 May,all,Jumbob Shramp,There are very few games that make me actually want to kill the other player.
,Recommended,578080,33267827,Posted: 5 July,all,my_name_is_aaron_okay :/,"This game is pretty good for I don't have much time to play tonight shooter, you can hop in and immediatly start shooting people. Good quick shooter overall."
,Recommended,578080,31626869,Posted: 8 May,all,Rizla,"This game is survival horror in Solo Play. It shifts to Tactical thriller in Duo Play. For Squad play, it usually devolves into Slapstick comedy."
,Not Recommended,578080,30717039,Posted: 24 March,all,rezze,"So at first when I bought this game I thought it was great. But then after months of complaint on the game in my group of friends I now really think that's it's not that good. The most of the reviews will say that the graphics are beutiful and I can agree about that, BUUUT the optimization is so cancerous that for alot of players that can normaly play games on good fps and graphics will have to turn down the settings drastically. The concept is okay but in my opinion it get's so repetitive so fast and I now don't even want to open the game. One thing I liked about it in the begining coming from H1Z1 Koth is that it didn't have all of these crates and gay♥♥♥♥♥skins fast forward and it's now the same. So the major points of this review is that this game is laggy, buggy and just really repetitive (in my and alot of other peoples opinion). I'm not saying that the game is unplayable it can be played just not as good like your other games. And you might disagree and if you do please be mature and don't type some♥♥♥♥♥♥like ""kill yourself you♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;."
72146296821425967,Not Recommended,578080,34035945,Posted: 5 August,all,✯Switcheroo!✯,"Everytime I get in the first game of a session it goes a little something like thisFreeze with the PlayerUnkown's Battlegrounds logoAs soon as i auto drop from the airplane with the afks it unfreezesfreezes mid airunfreezes when im on the groundif i do manage to not die at that point all buildings arent loaded and i cant go in them for about 5 minutesand when they finally load it freezes my computer.not to mention the other glitches like jumping, guns not firing/reloading and so on..All of this while i can run it in medium settings with solid 60fps so no its not my pc"
,Recommended,578080,30777949,Posted: 27 March,all,JarFull,By far the best game I've bought on Steam in a long while
76561198098229578,Recommended,578080,32553922,Posted: 18 June,all,BadlyDrawnFox,"Do you ever sit at home, thinking, ""I'm not angry enough right now... I need some rage in my life""? If you do, then buy this game immediately. If on the other hand you're trying to keep your stress levels down, you may want to reconsider this purchase.The game is a battle royale (100 men enter, 1 man leaves) scenario with randomised weapon drops on an isolated Slavic island. You parachute in, run and superman punch your way to the best loot available in your drop zone and prey you don't get shafted in the first five minutes like the scrub you're desperately trying not to be. If by some divine gift you manage to win, you're treated to the promise of a digital chicken dinner for what it's worth.IfWhen you die you'll probably rage for a minute or two, convince yourself that your untimely death was unavoidable, that the game was lagging/gitching or that your killer was cheating before loading the game up again in some sort of twisted rage cycle...Things will happen in this game that will drive you insane and make you hate it at times. There are still lags and glitches in this game which are unforgiveable in a competitive shooter and they will cause you to die/lose at times. It would be unfair of me to give a negative review because of this, especially considering the game's still in early access, but it's something to be aware of if you're a competitive kind of person that takes stats seriously.Apart from the whole rage/blood pressure thing though, the game is great. It looks great, it plays great, it has amazing moments in it, it's incredibly satisfying when a game goes well and it's a a great game to play either on solo or with friends. For me, the games positives definitely outweigh the negatives even in early access, and with a dev working on the game who is so involved, I'm hoping that things are only going to get better with this title."
,Recommended,578080,31821973,Posted: 18 May,all,Fanat⎛⎝Sors,Solo game: Scariest horror you have ever played.Duo game: Quite interesting strategy survival warfareSquad game: Everyone is a dummy that don't know how to shoot.
76561198046464531,Not Recommended,578080,31630205,Posted: 8 May,all,Larkell,"Another classic example of releasing a broken game at full price and calling it ""Early Access"".Worth no more than £10 at it's current state, wait until it's on sale or until they make the game work properly."
,Not Recommended,578080,33810476,Posted: 26 July,all,Fart Cat,Anonymous source confirms they're adding pay to win items. Enjoy playing against a whale who bought a Micro Uzi he can jump from the plane with.
76561198095658221,Recommended,578080,34747612,Posted: 4 September,all,Str8azZ,great game
,Recommended,578080,30909255,Posted: 2 April,all,bollocks,My Flapjacks are officially flipped.
,Recommended,578080,34556142,Posted: 28 August,all,DaavPuke,"I would've already recommended this flawed gem, but since Ihighly approvebanning stream snipers and other harassers, I'd like to be able to recommended 17 times more now."
,Recommended,578080,30868110,Posted: 31 March,all,Jash,"Hated H1Z1, never liked the concept. This one hooked me."
,Recommended,578080,30831969,Posted: 30 March,all,| Re-Game |,Great game even in early stage. BUT PLEASE DON'T SHOW ME MYSELF WHEN I DIE BUT INSTEAD SHOW ME WHO SHOT ME AND WHERE HE WAS!!
76561198043874231,Recommended,578080,31208130,Posted: 17 April,all,Destroyer1217,"After the monopoly H1Z1 had in the battle royale genre, they became lazy and worked solely on microtransactions. Playerunknown left the project and began his own with a south korean team to back him up. Battlegrounds improves on what H1Z1 accomplished. More weapons, weapon attachments, a larger map, more immersive gameplay, more control of drop locations, future maps, weekly and monthly updates, future modding support, and absolutely no microtransactions. Only recently with the success of Battlegrounds did Daybreak finally release an update improving H1Z1's gameplay.There are some drawbacks to this game though. Although I have 8 GB RAM, i5 processor, and GTX 1070, I can hardly load up the buildings in the game at times. That is because that is all on the server's end, meaning if the servers aren't very optimized (which they aren't right now), you have the chance of landing in an area you haven't loaded up yet. Then you are forced to wait up to a whole minute for it to load. This can cost you the entire game, and is extremely frustrating when it happens.Even with this crippling con, I have still managed to have so much fun and excitement with this game. The moments of dropping in a town filled with people stuggling to find a weapon to wipe everyone out and survive, or running in a race against time trying to avoid the electric smoke right on your tail, or getting in a firefight with another team as the few people remaining. I've gotten as close as 3rd place, but my friends have actually won a game before. What's different about this game from countless others is I actually WANT to get first place because I love playing the game. Not because I need to unlock something, but because the game is just that good.I recommend this game, even in its current state. I say this because the great moments you will have in this game with your friends are much more impactful than the moments where you can't load something up.*If the game just doesn't work for you, you can either get your refund, or wait for the weekly updates to fix it.*"
76561198154483661,Not Recommended,578080,33821516,Posted: 26 July,all,SuperNoobyGamer,"don't add this god damn pay for cosmetic system, ruins the game"
,Not Recommended,578080,33809897,Posted: 26 July,all,Kanadeyin,DOWN WITH PUBG! DOWN WITH PUBG!
,Recommended,578080,32511053,Posted: 17 June,all,MasterAenox,"PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDSA beautiful and chaotic game, with a promising future.The game has a very straightfoward objective, be the lone survivor and recieve those delicious chicken dinner's, but to achieve that you must battle against other 99 player's on an 8x8km island that is filled with loot to gather as you are forced into an area, where you battle the enemy, as the time passes, the playable area shrinks as the playercount decreases forcing the remaining survivors to battle eachother, until there's only one person between you and that chicken dinner.The game has very nice graphics but struggles to keep fps at a playable rate without ajustments to the launch options and graphical settings in the menu, also, the worse your graphic's quality is, the more advantage you will have over people with maxed out settings, seeing them through grass and foliage.The weapon variety is not very big at the moment of this review, but each weapon has it's style of play, so there will always be an weapon to fit your gunstyle.The developers seem to actually care about the game, constantly updating it, and will probably release the game, unlike other games in the sameish genra such as DayZ, ARK, H1Z1 wich are barely updated and have horrible developers.The game has three different gamemodes at the moment of review; Solo, Duo and Squad, and a upcoming zombie mode.In my opinion this game has much potential and is very fun to play, especially with friends.My rating is 8/10 at the moment of review, the game has some very annoying bugs such as textures not loading and random crashes and bad optimization, but i believe that the developers are looking into this already."
76561198083892691,Not Recommended,578080,34160928,Posted: 10 August,all,HandsomeHam (EcallawMailliw),"One of my most favourite games with great content and gameplay, but for them to go back on their word is just wrong. They should respect their players more and remove these stupid micro transactions from the game for good, they have no place in it and never should. For the developers to be this greedy and take even more money from its players while the game itself is still full of bugs and other problems that need to be fixed, it is just wrong on so many levels.Please PUBG developers, change your ways and follow your promises before it's too late to go back."
,Recommended,578080,34365615,Posted: 19 August,all,Oicis_,"This game is fun and get ready to kill a lot campers..Devs are working and upgrading game, new guns bug fixes etc."
,Recommended,578080,31552885,Posted: 4 May,all,ThisMachineKillsFascists,"Very fun, runs about as smoothly as sandpaper."
,Recommended,578080,30719099,Posted: 24 March,all,Mello,RIP H1Z1Excellent game! Solid release... haven't had any problems - but for the people that do.. there are plenty of fixes available on steam & reddit.Australian servers coming soon too... couldn't get any better.10/10Really fun game! Each category really challenges your skills in all aspects! Any fan of the Arma series will absolutely love this masterpiece.
,Recommended,578080,33019086,Posted: 29 June,all,The Black Glokage,"My family is originally from the Southside of Chicago. Haven't gotten a chance to go back in a few years, so all the constant surrounding gun shots in this game do a great job of reminding me of home.:)"
76561198060397531,Recommended,578080,33700015,Posted: 21 July,all,Does CSGO Is Cancer?,You don't have to land at the military base or the school. Just sayin
,Not Recommended,578080,34508790,Posted: 26 August,all,(╬ಠ益ಠ),Oh well I actually love this game but damn i got banned for this little reason ... So i am Banned for 38 days to be exact like What the ♥♥♥♥! I am downloading songs while playing then wallaaa!! My game crashed and the game detect a malware virus from the downloaded songs and when i woke up to play PUBG i am banned .. I tried to contact the Devs but they said they cant unban me for some reason try to submit Ticket to B.E etc.. etc..I am still hoping to be unbanned...
,Recommended,578080,34543313,Posted: 27 August,all,WarriorOfChaos,"Just know that about 90% of the time, you will land, not find a gun in 3 houses, and the guy that landed near you will basically land in an armory.THIS GAME IS NOT P2W. People complaining about microtransactions are pretty stupid considering the transactions give you no advantage whatsoever. If anything, they give the guy who decides to wear a yellow jumpsuit a severe disadvantage. ""But there's camo clothing and it won't be available for free after launch."" The Camo jacket and pants don't give you an advantage over the brown pants that you start out with because most people play with their graphics settings so low that it doesn't matter what you're wearing as long as it isn't a bright color. The microtransactions are purely cosmetic and you don't have to take part in them to do well at the game. It isn't pay2win at all.People getting banned for stream sniping is stupid. The servers are random. The chances of getting into the same server as a streamer and recognizing that you're in the same server are very slim.Pros:- Best implementation of the Battle Royale game type that I've seen- Devs are very active- Pretty good weapon models. Recoil patterns are pretty realistic.- Good graphics if you choose to use them (see cons)Cons:- Lots of bugs (EA)- Car mechanics need work. You'll flip on bumps that you can't even see.- Grendades bounce half way across the map when you throw them- It puts you at a disadvantage if you use high graphics settings. Low graphics allow you to see players much more easily at a distance because the grass and foliage isn't rendered. They will think they're hidden, but you can clearly see them. If you choose to use high graphics, do not sit still in a bush and think you are concealed. You aren't.- Weapong distribution needs work.- Stream sniping bans are BS- Jumping mechanics suckOverall, I think the pros outweigh the cons in this game. There are no horrible game-breaking bugs or power hungry devs banning half of the playerbase. I'm going to pull the ""It's early access"" card, because it very much applies in this case. This isn't ARK Survival. It hasn't been out for 2 years while remaining incredibly buggy and broken. This game has been on the market for less than half a year. The Devs are keeping up with an unprecedented influx of players (an six-month-old early access game that's holds the record for second most concurrent players of any game on steam, and currently has more concurrent players than DOTA). There is work to be done, but it's off to a good start. If it were as broken as the reviews make it seem, it wouldn't have almost a million people playing it every day."
,Recommended,578080,31774147,Posted: 15 May,all,Jesus Junior[University],15 fps is playable.
76561198121864452,Recommended,578080,31112851,Posted: 13 April,all,Hex,"a buggy, poorly optimized, mess. But it's MY buggy poorly optimized mess."
76561198019254060,Recommended,578080,34518310,Posted: 26 August,all,c-rust,"""I'm landing at the military base.""""I punch people who land next to me.""""China number one""Too many autists for one lobbies bandwith to handle. Probably why I get connection errors when I play.Also..... do another hacker sweep please. These kids aren't even hiding it..."
,Recommended,578080,31257845,Posted: 20 April,all,Super Saiyan Blue Vegeta,"Solid gameplay for an Early Access game. Some issues and polishing needed, but the development team is active in keeping us updated.Love how quick it is to hop in a game and get moving. Highly recommend for those looking for a battle-royal game that feels a little more quick-paced."
,Recommended,578080,33548648,Posted: 14 July,all,smurfeNn.,"It's like H1Z1 but it doesn't suck, well spent money"
,Recommended,578080,33025167,Posted: 29 June,all,Toxicbeni,"Definitely one of the best battle royale games out there, I recommend it."
76561198018909997,Not Recommended,578080,34650694,Posted: 31 August,all,PIZZA BILL,"the develeopers bend over right and left for streamers, banning people for having a little fun. if you dont want to deal with these people get a real job.......and you'll find out they're annoying people you have to work with aswell, but you cant get a person fired for being annoying or not liking them thats not how the world works. the majority of the this games player base are just average people wanting to play a game for fun, we are the people that made your game popular, we are the people who filled your pocket books, but we pale in comparison to a couple of whiney streamers. I have no respect for the devs, and probably never willNot to mention the fact that a streamer can use his community to attack a person or get someone banned is ridiculous, and the streamer abusing this system should be permanantly banned.  just because you personally dont like someone doesent give you the right to send however many hundreds or thousands of mindless fanboys to attack or report a player,  and i personally believe they should have more severe consequences for doing this."
76561198120986187,Recommended,578080,31050140,Posted: 9 April,all,GarryTheSail,Run game you know
,Not Recommended,578080,31630602,Posted: 8 May,all,lava,"Before buying check that you have enough ram to run this game. I got 6gb ram i5 2.8ghz processor nvidia 4gb and it is running like Tortoise. Can't even get past the loading screen just hearing gun noises, btw I ordered 4gb extra ram for this game :)Will recommend it after playing --......Edit - Refunded"
,Not Recommended,578080,33810715,Posted: 26 July,all,kyoto csgobounty.com,"Thanks for lying to us about payed cosmetics :) Thanks for being greedy PU, thanks."
,Recommended,578080,31985834,Posted: 26 May,all,Tommy.exe,One of the most enjoyable games I've ever played.
76561198046786762,Recommended,578080,30693983,Posted: 23 March,all,{EURR}Zenris,"An awesome battle royale game. Very large map with plenty of equipment and clothing incase you wanted to have a fashion war in the middle of the battle. It is, obviously, in the early access game but I highly recommend it. Not merely for the countless hours of gameplay but also to support the developers in the development! <3"
,Recommended,578080,33345316,Posted: 7 July,all,sKuFF' sHootR'!神,"A perfect example of howEarly-Accessshould work:monthly updates with bugfixes, performance improvements, new guns/maps/animationsPUBG will be released in 2017 regardless of his launch in May 2017(For comparison: H1z1 is still in Early-Access-Phase after 2 years)Developers follow community advices/wishes without a questionPUBG has more players playing simultaneously than every other game on steam right now, althought Early-Access was launched in May 2017(except CSGO sometimes)PUBG will be supported on other plattforms soonI might add two cons as well:PUBG still has some performance issues, althought most of the problems got fixed alreadyYou need a decent gaming PC to run the game properly, even on the lowest graphic settingsThings that should be added:Shooting range/server for testing all weapons and getting used to the recoil etc.Achievements and rankings for ""long-term fun""Skins to customize your weaponsThanks for reading!"
,Not Recommended,578080,34566899,Posted: 28 August,all,Ramagucci,"Amazing game. Fun to play with friends, or solo. Evenly distributed loot, airdrops are worth the risk, the first person is an amazing added touch, graphics are great, and matchmaking is instant.HoweverUnder no circumstance will I recommend this game. And for multiple reasons.1.) Every location-based server has their own issues. Australia/Oceania's servers are flat out broken. They are basically required to play asian servers so their ping isnt in the several hundreds. North American servers have horrible hit-registry. European servers had a horrible desync problem. Yet, this is not the worst of the issues.2.) Sounds are quite off. While a lot of time was taken to fix said sounds so location could be made, it is still incredibly hard, if not improbable, to determine whether someone is ahead of or behind you. It just sounds flat. And this is coming from someone with surround-sound headphones.3.) My final point, and the strongest, is that the developers need to stop that god-awful lagswitch they built in to deter people from cheating. Its killing the game for me, and many other people. I have 150/50 internet and for every three games, I only have one that is genuinely playable because ""Network Lag Detected"" pops up, stops me from moving, covers my screen in a shadow, and prevents me from doing anything at all while the world moves around me. This can happen anywhere, at anytime, but usually every 6 to 10 seconds, lasting upwards of 5 seconds. This places a target on your back when it occurs in game. You cannot loot, move, open doors, nothing, only stand still, probably in the middle of an open field, and hope someone doesn't snipe you. It makes driving impossible, travelling long distances implausible, and looting painful. And I am not the only one having this issue. It is happening to thousands of others. A simple google search will bring about thousands of threads on steam and other forums that, in short, say youre SOL.So as much as I love this game, as much as I try to play this game and have a good time, and how amazing this game is, I cannot under any circumstance recommend it for what it is in its current state. The first two issues being very minimal in comparison to the last, and able to be looked past. But while the dreaded ""Network Lag Detected"" lagswitch is implemented, I will not be pledging to this game anymore. I would rather deal with cheaters than deal with this supposed deterrent anymore."
,Not Recommended,578080,34228426,Posted: 13 August,all,I.C.B.M. (I am in great pain),The game is about:Skill: 30%Luck:40%unpromising developers:20%Lag & bugs: 10%
76561198227742620,Recommended,578080,33129278,Posted: 2 July,all,TachyonLance,First game1. I N A U D I B L E S C R E E C H I N G2. Parachutes down to some houses3. finds shotgun4. sees player in the same house5. Rushing him with a shotgun6. Forgot to reload it7. YOU DIED
,Recommended,578080,33129468,Posted: 2 July,all,S A Y U R I,best game
,Recommended,578080,34305325,Posted: 17 August,all,✪Sp__k?,Good game lol
76561197987599411,Recommended,578080,32951144,Posted: 28 June,all,t00n,10/10
,Not Recommended,578080,34404874,Posted: 21 August,all,Abhijna,"Bad Mechanics, Bad Game. Simple as that."
,Not Recommended,578080,34409523,Posted: 21 August,all,Hi im Seinny Jerfield,"PUBG is... was a fun game. But, the developer is an absolute monkey.""We will not add microtransactions""Now you can purchase keys to open crates.He bans for justified team killingHe bans people for honking cars at streamers.He bans people for critisizing the game.I'll probably be banned for making this review.The gameplay is quite solid but out of greed he has put making Keys and Crates over fixing horrible bugs, and serious network lag that everyone is recieving, the game is horribly optimised and can only be played on absolute minimum settings unless you have a ♥♥♥♥ing quantum computer.Some of the games bugs are rediculous, I've been stuck in my parachute for literal dozens of minutes.I've been spawned in, unable to render anything except entities (Players, Items Vehicles) ((I essentially had wall hacks but I couldn't tell if I was behind a wall or not) and even more often, I get hit by vehicles when they're 1-2+ meters from me?"
76561198259408489,Not Recommended,578080,34424282,Posted: 22 August,all,Nipplesucker69,Thsi game is amazing it is fun best battle royale in the world h1z1 got♥♥♥♥♥♥on it but well let me see. the ♥♥♥♥ing game doesnt run...... literally every second netowrk lag and freezes running on 90 mb/s internet. i GO to shoot some guy in room he reloading it freezzes.... then boom im dead. and when i load into a match it takes so long for textures to load everything is blurry. And if i walk into building before there loaded i will load into wall and cant move. This game is horribel maybe if it ever coms out of early access it might get better but not worth the 30$ at all.
,Not Recommended,578080,34399944,Posted: 21 August,all,(uc)CARPEN0CT3M,First of all stop adding♥♥♥♥♥♥when people with 1050 TI's with 4GB of ram and 16Gb of system Memory have problems rendering the game on very low settings.GREEN YOUVE MADE THREE OF THESE GAMES GET WITH THE ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198052731829,Recommended,578080,31391033,Posted: 27 April,all,Kohannes Jepler,"It is a very good game indeed  the optimazition is just very very bad but if that is fixed , it is gonna be a very good game"
76561198120823207,Recommended,578080,30976957,Posted: 6 April,all,Dis/sect,My Dad beats me :<
,Not Recommended,578080,33932223,Posted: 31 July,all,FluxMatic,Its a shame that they want to focus more on microtransactions than making this game into what it could be.
,Recommended,578080,34660632,Posted: 1 September,all,TheDuck,Most Addictive Game I've Ever Played.
,Not Recommended,578080,33870550,Posted: 28 July,all,Ricky Sauce,"If you kill a streamer, you'll get banned for stream sniping.  Just because the streamer said so.https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/6q0otl/duo_partner_banned_for_7_days_for_stream_sniping/"
,Not Recommended,578080,34364943,Posted: 19 August,all,123,"Fun sometimes, most of the times i'd compare it to swimming in a pool filled with shiit water :)"
76561198080041207,Not Recommended,578080,34558303,Posted: 28 August,all,СКВИРТ,"I've spent many many hours in this game, played against Asians, Europeans and other mongoloids but after very long thinking I've decided to give this game thumbs down.Everyone would for sure agree that this game is the mainstream for 2017. Also many would disagree with me for giving negative review to such a popular game. No wonder it got so popular, be it because of lack of strong competition, or because every streamer plays it on twitch, you would find about this game eventually.However after half a year, the repetitive gameplay finally got to me, there are almost no noticeable updates (everytime its about bug fix, sometimes optimization), biggest update so far is new weather effects. And now the devs announced they will update less frequently - it feels like the nice and caring devs who seemed great at first now just take the money and run away.Overall, I'd still say buy it, it's definitely more playable than during launch and the sooner you get it the better, before it comes out of early access. But who am I kidding here, with devs' slow paced approach with updates it might sooner die out."
76561198118849287,Not Recommended,578080,33832237,Posted: 27 July,all,Sir Koala,"I really would give this a game a good review. It is a great game for sure! The performance thoug is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it feels like it gets worse with every update. The price is kinda high so I expect good performance. Especially with all the money the developers get, but there is none. Frame drops are frequent, even full freezes for even minutes. A lots of time I dont even have useable textures for 5 min after I landed.  And no, the my internet connection is great and so is my computer. And all my friends have the same problems. Everyone of us is really dissapointed. Dear Developers:  Please fix the performance before you implement any other♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yeah FP Servers may be great and so was a zombie mode, but with this performance none of them is fully enjoyable and I can assure you sooner or later you will loose a lot of players if you do not fix that. Especially now expecting us to pay for ♥♥♥♥ing crates when the performance is not even close to stable. So again: Please fix! there will be no positive review until that is fixed."
,Not Recommended,578080,34738355,Posted: 4 September,all,SqLy,"The developers have decided to ostrichsize the vast bulk of the community by siding with the streamers on literally anything and everything.  All it takes is a streamer to complain about you to get a ban even if there is NO proof.  This is absolutely ridiculous and unfair.  Bluehole wants to introduce micro transactions to make even more money, but seem to fail to realize that the majority of the money made off of micro transactiosn does NOT come from the streamers, but the every day player.  Want to milk us for all the money they can get while also shunning us and treating us like dirt.  Maybe if they rethink this strategy I will update this review.My advice if you pick it up - If you are aware you are near a streamer; do not open your mic, do not even engage, just RUN the hell away from them.  If you kill them they will start searching for excuses because they are such gamer gods that they do not believe they should be killed.  They will reach out to the devs.  They will get you banned."
76561198403013641,Recommended,578080,33475390,Posted: 12 July,all,chevyman2012,"So this is probably the best game i have played in years to start off. it does have its bugs and flaws but over all even already it is amazing. i came from ps4 and built my rig just for this game and it was worth it. there is no such games on xbox or ps. huge lobbys with 100 people, you can go in solo, duo, or a squad, so its amazing alone or with friends. the people for the most part in the game have been great and helpful. thank you so much for making this game and keep up the good work, cant wait for zombie mode even though i wish they were AI zombies but ether way.  ALSO I HAVE 50 HRS IN THIS GAME SO THIS IS A REAL REVIEW WORTH LOOKING AT."
,Not Recommended,578080,31080989,Posted: 11 April,all,BRUH,my game can't even start after downloading any help??
76561198047726458,Not Recommended,578080,35024604,Posted: 17 September,all,Flawless,"Don't buy in early access, the game uses a hidden elo system for the matches while the game is still broken.Latency, bad servers, hit-registration lag, no region-lock (so ppl from NA can play EU servers with 150+ ping and ♥♥♥♥ you over by killing you before you can see them peek), loot is more rng because they have put in so many useless guns (bullet drops after 10m). There are too many issues with the game that makes me not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,578080,33893645,Posted: 29 July,all,(N)Ice Cube / MGLx5,"This game was fun until all this drama showing how unprofessional PU and Bluehole is regarding PR and obvious favoritism of streamers.Also this game sold 5M copies on early access and still feel the need to have microtransactions in the form of locked crates.Liking this game less and less, not because of the game itself but because of the devs that obviously don't care about doing things fairly and just throwing around bans without real proof, and not willing to show what ""proof"" they have to anyone.Optimization is still bad."
,Not Recommended,578080,34382807,Posted: 20 August,all,Adamantite,Network Lag Detected
,Recommended,578080,32856164,Posted: 27 June,all,CherryTheAce,"Despite only being out for about 3-4 months, overall well-done at this stage. No problems matchmaking so far and network lag is also minimal. The game is being updated constantly with new mechanics and balancing coming soon. Well worth a buy if your on your own and if you have mates to play with."
76561198010769681,Not Recommended,578080,34763015,Posted: 5 September,all,LeanMeanDean,SO many hackers in this game the dev need to get a handle on these people or it going to ruin thegame oh!!!!! they alrady got there money so they really dont care.
,Not Recommended,578080,34020120,Posted: 4 August,all,the guy,"this game seems to have more bugs than lines of code.just buy this if you:want to get killed through trees, rocks or other solid objects and/orwant to get killed by your own (stationary) car when disembarking and/orwant to experience worse performance than most arma2 mods can offer and/orwant to take part in yet another horrible microtransactions scheme that is going to come very soon and/orwant to risk being banned for killing anyone because that guy might be a streamer whose audience reports you for killing their favourite twitch dude.yeeees it's early access, i know, i know. but after 5.5m copies sold @33€ a pop(or your regional equivalent) you really should be able to get a better product.i really want to like this game and its devs but they make it extremely hard for me to do so."
,Not Recommended,578080,34383607,Posted: 20 August,all,Njee,"When I had the actual game I tried to start it and I couldn't open it a single time, I tried multiple times to start the game with different troubleshooting techniques, and It just refused to open. Decided to refund while I still could. Wouldn't reccomend based on my experience, sucks cause it looks sick."
,Not Recommended,578080,34080617,Posted: 7 August,all,|||||||||||||||||||,I suggest wait the game to finish then only buy the game based on final results of it. For now this game have a serious stuttering latency and lag. I also experience serious fps drop when I try to loot and open inventory.  I might reconsider buy back once they fix these 2 problems
76561198153739790,Recommended,578080,30716502,Posted: 24 March,all,MemeStarZ,"Damn yall can't even read, you guys complain for legit the smallest reasons. I don't understand what's so wrong about the microtransactions, it doesn't effect the gameplay in any way what so ever. The crates are only going to last from August 3rd- August 27th which means their not even permanent (not even a month). This is one of the best games I have ever played and I guarantee you this game (unlike many other EA games) will come out of EA. Jeeze and for all of you saying that ""they lied to us"". Greene stated from the start he would add these microtransactions."
,Recommended,578080,30803228,Posted: 28 March,all,ᛋᛋ[ARA] ErwinRommel1942ᛋᛋ,"Exactly what H1Z1 wants to be, but will never become. Well done PUBG. Finally a Battle Royale game i can actually play.But in all seriousness (though the above was still serious), They sent out a 4.5gb patch in just 2 days. 2. Days. That's ridiculous. And then the following day was a 500~mb patch (which for me helped server stability and performance immensly). These guys care about making this game better every day. They try their best to listen to their playerbase. The parent company owns many successful titles, so why not make a successful Battle Royale title? I have 8 hours on H1, hated every minute. But this game keeps me going. It's ACTUALLY fun and has a nice survival aspect to it.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,578080,34812782,Posted: 8 September,all,HiChuckie☻,anticipating pleasure is also a pleasure.very nice game
76561198362171756,Recommended,578080,34065505,Posted: 6 August,all,TwisteR,Fun!
,Recommended,578080,33234588,Posted: 4 July,all,Dad Joke McStroke,"Day Z, H1Z1, with all the fat Trimmed and gameplay in a far more polished state.The game is paced well, the item spawn rates are spread out well, and the action is paced well.Gone are the days of walking for hours before finding a pistol or someone who wants to blow your brains out.And with a playable area that is constantly shrinking as the game goes on, there are plenty of incentives to keep moving.And despite it being an early access title, it plays like a full release. Granted, there are some bugs, but I can easily see them being polished out within a couple o' weeks, and none of them are gamebreaking.I'm excited to see further adjustments, and private servers in the future."
76561198019186499,Recommended,578080,30854227,Posted: 31 March,all,Feric666,NICE GAME
,Recommended,578080,31088058,Posted: 11 April,all,SirDeity,This is an insanely fun and addicting game. The camaraderie and suspense are jaw-droppingly good! Highly recommend it for any FPS survivalist out there. 8 out of 10.
,Not Recommended,578080,35254501,Posted: 27 September,all,chrisisnub,"fun game but horribly written, horrible bugs and horrible staff"
76561198086947052,Not Recommended,578080,34339854,Posted: 18 August,all,soonermagician,"I dont like this game becausei accidentaly killed my teamate and got flippin banned for it. I mean come on, that's just stupid. I dont know why this game was made in the first place. it was fun for a while, but then people started to get meen. And im the one who gets banned for it. Come on. Stay away from this game. It sucks"
76561198098426837,Not Recommended,578080,34238377,Posted: 14 August,all,[Vanirs]Municher,Devs are ban happy for the smallest of reasons. I'll probably be banned for writing this comment...
76561198077181068,Not Recommended,578080,34247104,Posted: 14 August,all,HAM,"I don't understand the hype around this game. From what I played, it was repetitive and pretty shallow. It also shouldn't run as badly as it does considering its appearance is straight outta 2010."
76561197975241793,Not Recommended,578080,34247250,Posted: 14 August,all,=][=NQUISITOR,"This is a different sort of game. You need to use survival reactions and be high on a combination of both adreneline and patience to win, or even make it near the end: a winning combo for the Battle Royale mechanism. That being said, the fact that developers are going to use the -pay to acquire random cosmetic items that cannot be found in the core game over which I sweat, toil, and swear profusely- is appalling. All those nervous moments, all those tears of pain, all the rewards of which are aquirable exclusively from paying extra for TF2/CSGO digital keys. Maybe it is not that different of a game at all, just a money grab that will result in a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ poorly optimized game while the developers laugh in their half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥poorly built yachts that wont last the next winter season: appalling. I would not invest time or money in this (they have more than enough to provide content) until the mixed messages that are being conveyed by the games leadership are resolved. Also invest in RAM, as having poorly rendered surroundings will cost you games. Summary: If you want to play this game, know that there is a distinct possibility of you having to pay for rewards instead of working for them despite claims made otherwise made in a past age."
,Not Recommended,578080,34311547,Posted: 17 August,all,De Orignal Dakc,"Huuuge issue going on with developers banning people for even honking their car horn near streamers. People getting banned from just playing the game, un knowing that there are streamers in the game whose viewers think you are harrasing...Dont get me wrong, still a super fun game, but wont recommend intill they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together with this"
,Recommended,578080,34272935,Posted: 16 August,all,Oskerino,"Its a very skill based game. So if you have no experience of FPS games, you are pretty ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Not Recommended,578080,32579073,Posted: 19 June,all,LilGuyG,"**This is an early access title so updates to the game will be made and the game will hopefully over time get better with the support of the devs and the playerbase**It's a VERY fun and addictive game and I am having a lot of fun with it. However I must not reccommend it in its current state. WAY too much time for me has been spent in the game files trying to fix countless bugs like freezes, texture pop ins and frame drops. I don't have the best rig but even people with higher tier rigs are running it worse than me.At the moment I can't even get past the loading screen bug where I hear sound but have nothing on my screen. I am also faced with countless sound bugs and crashes too.For those who can run the game fine with no problems, It is the best Battle Royale game out there. For the rest of us who are having the complete opposite expereince, It's not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,578080,33990772,Posted: 3 August,all,HunterVD,"I Really like the game. The mechanics,tension,bullet drop,guns.... But game is soo unoptimized.Cars are clunky and everytjhing feels like that you are driving a tank. When you are on motorbike or dacia its same hard and slow stearing. Also in last update they broke the game even more instead of fixing it.Now its longer loading times (i have game on SSD), more glitches and servers are more laggy. Istead of  fixing loot spawns becouse in the beggining of the game you really need luck to find long range weapon and scope.If you dont find that you are good as dead.Instead of optimizing performaces they made it even worse. I  realy hoped that this early acces is going to be somthing different and will work out and be unique.But not they are the same as every body else. Greedy devs like every early acces game devs. Just want money.Instead of optimizing the game THEY DID THE WORST THING THAT THEY COULD DO. THEY INTRODUCED MICROTRANSACTIONS TO EARN MORE MONEY AND BROKE THE GAME. INTRODUCED MICROTRASACTIONS IN EARLY ACCES GAME. YEAH THEY ARE ONLY FOR COSMETICS BUT MORE IMPORTANT IS THAT THEY BROKE THEIR PROMISE THAT UNTIL THE GAME IS NOT FINISHED THERE IS NO MICROTRANSACTIONS. HOW DO WE KNOW NOW HOW MANY MORE PROMISES THEY WILL BREAK. INSTEAD OF DOING SOME REAL WORK ON OPTIMIZING THE GAME AND GETTING BETTER GAMING EXPIRIENCE THEY BROKE THE GAME BECOUSE THEY INTRODUCED MICROTRANSACTIONS. If you want to buy the game buy it.its a lot of fun but be aware that this is probably going to be like very else early acces game that never gets in full game mode. This game has lot of potential and has great active player base. BUT ISTEAD OF FIXING SERVERS LAGS OPTIMIZATION...... THEY GIVE US EVEN MORE BROKEN GAME AND MICROTRANSACTIONS FOR COSMETICS. JUST ONE NEW GUN AND THAT IS ONLY AVALIABLE IN SUPPLY DROPS.INSTEAD OF ADDING NEW THINGS THEY ADDED MICROTRANSACTIONS AND BROKE THE GAME EVEN MORE. i have moderate pc i5 6600k nvidia 1060 6gb and 16gb ram and the game ran good on all high before the update. And my system is overclocked. IF they cant make that the game cant run on moderate pc on med to high setting they are no worthy devs. Not everybody can buy 2000$ pc just to play this game. and i am not against microstransactions if tthey are based only on skins. BUT THEY BROKE THEIR PROMISE AND HOW CAN I BELIVE THEM NOW.HOW MANY WILL THEY MORE BREAK."
,Not Recommended,578080,35350283,Posted: 30 September,all,Dirty Russian,"I like this game, but can't recommend it in it's current state. It's fun if you get a squad together, but even then, the bugs and server issues are endless and happen every day. The devs have made it pretty clear they don't give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about this game's community. The focus has been pushed onto crates, microtransactions, adding a hippie van (???) and other pointless things that have nothing to do with actually fixing the game or optimization.Oh, but the 12 year old fanboys will comment on this review to defend the game and hide behind the shield of ""it's early-access"", as if we didn't ♥♥♥♥ing know that. I bought this game to support the devs for them to fix and finish the game, not to add a new blank white t-shirt i could buy in a microtransaction LMAO. Because that's what the community wanted.This game is just like every early access....a joke of a game that could be great, but who knows if it ever will realize it's full potential. Currently a dissapointment."
76561198162492400,Recommended,578080,33387739,Posted: 8 July,all,DJ Mozart,Good Game but still missing alot of things to add tosorry for my bad english
,Not Recommended,578080,34771317,Posted: 6 September,all,Laura Palmer's Cousin,Game has potential but I can't recomend while players in some regions are treated as seccond class players. Even though I paid full amount equal to that of European and US players modes that are integral to the game are disabled on my local servers.
76561198031018544,Not Recommended,578080,33911103,Posted: 30 July,all,Korgoth,"F$$$ING FIX YOUR STUPID F$$$ING SERVERS BEFORE SCHEMING FOR MORE MONEY THRU MICRO TRANSACTIONS... OPTIMIZE YOU GREADY, F$$$S! GLITCHES, SERVER LEAKS AND LLLLLAAAAAAAGGGGG PLAQUE YOUR GAME. OTHERSWISE, GREAT STUFF."
,Not Recommended,578080,34493163,Posted: 25 August,all,Naga,"I bought this game because my friend told me to, that it might be a fun game to play with him. Well, my experience so far, even a low budget PC, running with very low graphics, cannot handle this. My PC meets the requirements, yet for some reason I freeze so much.Do you want every one with a low budget PC to spend $2000 on a PC just to run this game on very low graphics?Would not recommend to anyone with a PC less than $1000.EDIT. It is very ""fun"" to play this game when playing as solo, I have no struggle with network lag but as soon as I go duo/squad, it takes 3 minutes for me to even get on a bike.Oh and it also eats all my RAM, I don't understand how 8GB RAM disappears like it's nothing and even after closing, it takes me 5 minutes to get my PC decently running again. And with 'running' I mean I can open a browser.EDIT #2. ♥♥♥♥ this game. ♥♥♥♥ the developers putting microtransactions to host an invitational tournament instead of concentrating on getting the game to full access when they said there's not gonna be any transactions before full release. I don't know why I even bother playing this game, I'm done."
76561198115870480,Recommended,578080,33104508,Posted: 1 July,all,SatanTheNoscoper,"Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk,I'm a woman's man: no time to talk.Music loud and women warm, I've been kicked aroundSince I was born.And now it's all right. It's OK.And you may look the other way.We can try to understandThe New York Times' effect on man.Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother,You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive.Feel the city breakin' and everybody shakin',And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive.Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive.Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive.Well now, I get low and I get high,And if I can't get either, I really try.Got the wings of heaven on my shoes.I'm a dancin' man and I just can't lose.You know it's all right. It's OK.I'll live to see another day.We can try to understandThe New York Times' effect on man.Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother,You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive.Feel the city breakin' and everybody shakin',And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive.Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive.Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me.Somebody help me, yeah.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah.Stayin' alive.Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk,I'm a woman's man: no time to talk.Music loud and women warm,I've been kicked around since I was born.And now it's all right. It's OK.And you may look the other way.We can try to understandThe New York Times' effect on man.Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother,You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive.Feel the city breakin' and everybody shakin',And we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive.Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive.Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me.Somebody help me, yeah.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah.I'm stayin' alive.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me.Somebody help me, yeah.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah.I'm stayin' alive.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me.Somebody help me, yeah.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah.I'm stayin' alive.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me.Somebody help me, yeah.Life goin' nowhere. Somebody help me, yeah.I'm stayin' alive."
,Recommended,578080,33055853,Posted: 30 June,all,Tioga060,"Just done a friends culling. Looking for players that are not afriad to chat on discord if we play games together and also up for a laugh, Top 3 games i play right now are PUBG rocket league and overwatch feel free to add me and dont be shy in talking either in Pm, Profile or on discord. Welcome everyone !!!!!!!"
,Recommended,578080,32498535,Posted: 17 June,all,Dreadda,I really had high expectation because of all the hype when playing the first time. It was even better then expected. I LOVE IT !
76561198055997695,Not Recommended,578080,30712414,Posted: 24 March,all,Heff,"laggy hit detection, time to kill is super high and lots of RNG. if ur looking for a skill based game avoid this pile of garbage."
,Not Recommended,578080,33856461,Posted: 28 July,all,White Zero,"Long story short, they assured no microtransactions, and then they added them in when they saw how successful everything was when people were purchasing because it had no microtransactions.  Now they're throwing in a key and crate system, which is the ♥♥♥♥♥iest form of gambling, in order to customize your player.""It's just cosmetics!"" the fanboys cry.In a game that I paid for, I expect to be able to customize my own damn player.  What in the world are video games coming to when character customization is locked behind a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ paywall where you'll need to average (statistically speaking) $25 for one outfit???But let's put that to the side, however temporarily, and look at the game itself.  Planetside 2 has better netcode, and it's free.  Literal ear-splitting sounds coming from others as they scream ""ni**er"" at the top of their lungs into their mic's.  The discussion boards are filled with kids trying to sound tough; toxicity in its finest.It could be fun, perhaps, if you have three other people to play with.  But it still isn't worth $30.They want to to pay like a regular game, then once you're in, pay like it's a free game.Brought to you by the same company that made Tera, which was centered around a creepy pedophile race of little girls that everyone would jump over themselves to be the newest costume for."
76561198149391055,Not Recommended,578080,33860439,Posted: 28 July,all,Saboodlioos,"Currently, they're going back on their word, which is a-okay, microtransactions are optional to a player, nothing wrong with them being added to the game. Now what I'm annoyed at is the recent incident with ""Stream sniping"". Yesterday, a plyer got banned for stream sniping because he killed a popular streamer in a 1v1, that's it. Nothing more than that, and the streamer didn't win so obviously the person that killed him is cheating. The PUBG team supported the streamer and in less than an hour the player was banned.I don't know about you guys' but the direction of that the community manager's are taking is upsetting and worrying. I don't wanna be banned for simply killing someone that was streaming. On a side note it's a risk they take by streaming that they could be stream sniped anyways, and it's impossible to prove. Yet, the community manager's simply ban off word from the streamer, with zero investigation.Not to mention the constant bashing against the community the lead developer has against player's in the community that dislike the actions he's doing to the game. Liking and retweeting comments about how player's are mentally ill if they don't agree with microtransactions being added to the game etc.Overall, the game is fantastic, but in the last two weeks the team of community managers and the lead developer are going off the deep end, which is makes the game seem like it's going in a worrying direction."
,Not Recommended,578080,33862360,Posted: 28 July,all,Tawrymah,"Apparently if you kill a streamer, he'll cry to his followers that you're a streamsniper (no other way to kill demigod) and his minions will report you and you'll get banned for 7 days.And no, there is no way to tell streamer apart from other players so dont kill anyone, which kinda is the point of the game."
76561197961802237,Not Recommended,578080,33875415,Posted: 29 July,all,MrMeow,"Microtransactions in an early access game is just a big NO from me, Regardless of how good a game may or may not be.AlsoSadly the community isn't treated equally, Streamer privileges are hurting this game.Had a lot of faith in this project but recently too much has come to light and imo I cannot support this behaviour."
,Not Recommended,578080,34006378,Posted: 3 August,all,Asdfcookies c:,This game is such a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥horrible optimization for windows server lag gets ddosed guns broken as ♥♥♥♥ too ♥♥♥♥ this game I want a refund honestly rather play 64 tick cs than this lol so painful oh wait its actually csgo buy expensive gamescom crates for your hard earned bp and unbox it for 2.5 usd LOL devs dumb as ♥♥♥♥ if u think itll work like csgo
,Not Recommended,578080,35368652,Posted: 1 October,all,Queazy,"Welcome to a game, where you will never have 60 FPS. Have fun!"
,Not Recommended,578080,33886350,Posted: 29 July,all,Spitty,"Developers are planning to put in microtransactions to pay for the upcoming esports evvent, all before the game is even finished. They are also banning for stream sniping when it is nearly impossible to verify, so if you kill a streamer, you are possibly subject to a ban. It really seems this game is going downhill."
76561198031101100,Not Recommended,578080,33997866,Posted: 3 August,all,Flywhity,"As of 8/4/2017 the severs are unplayablePros-Game play is fun-Solo can be intense-Quick loadConsThe game can be fun if your able to play.  The severs are trash and lag is non-stop in many of the game.  The severs oversea are so bad that many of them are joining the US severs and making things worst.  There are alot of things that need to be fix and the things that need to be fix are in the engine itself which will take a long time to fix like they did with Battlefeild (it took to Battlefeild 4 to get things right)ReviewThe game can be fun if your not lagging out. At this point i would say wait till the product is better but with millions if copys are ready sold who cares what i think.  It just this lag man, the lag8/4: Lag makes it unplayable9/2: 9 of 10 games are unplayable.  Nothing but Network Lag Detected.  When you can play it you can only play it on the lowest settings.  Also the fact that the US sever is nothing but Asians and kids under 12 playing anything but solo is a headache and worthless.  Bans mean nothing and people are using this fact to kill teammates and ruin this game."
,Not Recommended,578080,33997977,Posted: 3 August,all,Zerote [IKS],Negative review will remain until game works
,Not Recommended,578080,33958301,Posted: 1 August,all,514484,"This early access game is a lot of fun to me. I don't care about the crates drama BS, let idiots buy cosmetics and finance the game while you enjoy other new content. PR by Bluehole has been disastrous but it's not a big deal to me either. THIS GAME IS GREAT..Nah, the biggest issue I have for now is that it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ The recommended hardware (on Steam) is completely inaccurate and you need a high end pc to get to >60 fps at all time.""But wow look at this elitist right here, I play at 30fps and it's fine"", you might say - No, it's not fine. If you want to do good, in most games but especially in a shooter, you need 60 fps or more. Heck, below 60 even gives me headaches.I planned to refund this game after testing the framerate, and this is exactly what I did.However, I'm almost certain the majority of the playerbase doesn't have the pc to runs the game smoothly, and I'm also almost certain most didn't refund. And this is making me sad.If you want to do good in this game, and IF YOU DON'T HAVE STEADY FPS, REFUND IT! They need to optimize the game before you buy it! Not the overway around - don't buy now and hope they optimize later."
76561197979061725,Not Recommended,578080,35410880,Posted: 2 October,all,GankSpree,Weak.
76561198115918417,Recommended,578080,34524401,Posted: 27 August,all,Blurry,"I'm sure there are 8 million other PUBG players who can put this better than I can, but I'll try anyway.PUBG is an excellent game where you're dropped onto a large map with 100 or so players. Last man standing wins. Simple, right?I feel like PUBG has an excellent balance between the health of your character and the damage of different weapons. The guns all feel very powerful, but you don't feel squishy and vulnerable.There is also an excellent balance on the size of the map; it's big enough to feel like you're traveling far from other players. It's big enough that you need to be careful that you don't die outside the playzone. But it's small enough that you can run/drive fairly substantial distances and, if you have the fuel, a vehicle can take you across the entire map.This game is sometimes quite hard to run. When in cities, I often find there are frame drops. And occasionally I get large lag spikes.As well as that, PUBG has its fair share of bugs. Such as having vehicles glitch into objects and explode immediately. Or when your gun is bugged and you can't fire it.But take that with a pinch of salt as the game is still in early access and there are plenty of bugfixes on the way.So, overall, I'd recommend this game if you have a relatively powerful PC, patience and the knowledge that, eventually, you will get hit in the face with a pan and die in this game."
76561198085611465,Not Recommended,578080,35364356,Posted: 30 September,all,Dremic Nem,Brown nosing devs
76561197989036745,Not Recommended,578080,33813475,Posted: 26 July,all,Tekn0V1king,"PlayerUnkown already demonstrating how he doesnt give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about his playerbase, or what they want.Already showing the world that he plans to milk as much money from his players as possible.Is already going back on promises made when people pre-ordered the game.Be prepared to spend a couple hundred more dollars in the future, when they start selling full camouflage packs in crates... in a game where the difference between winning and losing is hiding/being seen."
,Not Recommended,578080,33814835,Posted: 26 July,all,TheSaltySalute,Cosmetics too expensive
,Not Recommended,578080,33825244,Posted: 26 July,all,Chokiin,♥♥♥♥ MICRO TRANSACTIONS
76561198051699379,Recommended,578080,33790437,Posted: 25 July,all,TonyRipperoni,"While this game has definitely brought me hours of addicting fun, at times it is more or less frustrating.3rd person fighting is all about who can see better around the corner without showing their body, there is a bit of skill but the element of surprise can out-skill any player, and all you need for that is patience and a little bit of luck.I have tried to master some of the vehicles in this game, im pretty satisfied with the driving itself, but the roads and hills could use some smoothing out, there is one spot in particular on the road where it turns into a dirt road, no matter which vehicle your driving, if you drive into it at full force, you almost certainly will crash.Spotting players in this game is almost literally the most eye straining experience i have ever had, ""There is a guy on the hill behind the tree 500m away!"" -teammate ""I don't see him"" -me *scans hill for 5 minutes* ""i still don't see him"" -me *all the while team is taking shots at him* he is a pixel on my screen but its impossible unless you have scopes to even look and even then sometimes its too hard to see.The weapons are pretty balanced in this game for the most part, but something that bothers me is that Kar98 Can we please just call it a Karbine, thats what its short for anyway, everytime someone says i found a kar you have to specify whether they are talking about a car or a Kar.besides these few things i have noticed, the game is overall enjoyable and immersive, i very much want to win every game and feel the pressure of the life/death adrenaline fight or flight scenarios influencing me nearly every game, getting used to it is hard. Most games i have been able to overcome the rush and eventually get used to the situations, but this game keeps me on my toes."
76561198135600674,Recommended,578080,31843074,Posted: 19 May,all,foreverKOA,The best game! <3
,Recommended,578080,32905027,Posted: 27 June,all,Funkonaut,"I've Covered Wars, You Know."
,Recommended,578080,32669962,Posted: 23 June,all,`w00f,"Bad optimization,Good game."
,Recommended,578080,32351766,Posted: 11 June,all,k1in ✔,Connection closed
76561197960507233,Not Recommended,578080,35419071,Posted: 2 October,all,dsx,"This has some fun aspects but it's been in beta for a while now and they seemed more focused on adding cosmetics/micro transactions/silly PR battles vs streamers, players or other developers than actually getting this game stable.Every new update leads to at least a weeks worth of server issues, they are slow to address this and should just rollback wheh they release a dodgy patch (every time)- even better, actually test it properly before it goes live.Hit reg is inconsistant and unreliable.This had potential to be amazing and in the early updates you could see progress being made - since this has become more successful, the quality has nosedived, this is turning into a microtransation machine which is kinda disgusting considering how much money they have made from this in a short space of time on a relatively small budget.They need to start getting this stable, optimised, fix the hit reg - build the content up - then start ripping off customers with keys to tacky costumes because right now they have delivered 25% of a game before focus on milking it's customer base."
76561198283484628,Not Recommended,578080,34746617,Posted: 4 September,all,MaggotKing18,"While i enjoy the game ( ive played for over 200hrs ) and have had some great moments in it. I can not recommend it to anyone at this point in time. The reason for this is because of how the devs are catering to the "" Almighty twitch streamer"" and tossing out a ban for whatever reasons the streamer can come up with. If the devs are going to ban us for ""stream sniping"" or ""stream harassment"" they should demand the streamer prove that this is happening. But this begs the question, Would they ban a streamer for harassment? or would they punish the streamer if their chat/communtiy started harassing people in game? or on social media? i dont think so..god forbid that a normal gamer have a say in matters like this , much less have justice when they are done wrong. This game had such promise and i had such high hopes for it. But the devs have sold out and moved away from the common gamers. And only listen to the streamers and the sounds of the all mighty dollar. The only real action that i have seen against a streamer is Doctor Disrespect ( or whatever the fools name is). Let me say that again...THE...ONLY.....ONE they have punished that is a streamer ( or a well known streamer anyways). And the only reason they did anything to him is becuase he said he would kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a dev on twitter. So in closing i will not be playing this game until i see the dev team dish out EQUAL justice no matter the persons standing on twitch , youtube or any other site that is showing off their game. Its been fun PUBG...but you turned into a prick."
,Not Recommended,578080,34002312,Posted: 3 August,all,Cage_Rage,newest update broke the game super laggy first person was rushed and now it screwed the whole game up super jumpy
76561197969772047,Not Recommended,578080,34557686,Posted: 28 August,all,PassionFruit,"Good game but maybe they should maybe finish it or fix the bugs before adding in paid cosmetic items. Starting to lose faith, going to be an early access game for years."
,Not Recommended,578080,34628345,Posted: 31 August,all,Jufda,"Currently too many bugs and problems to recommend this game.+1) Survival FPS on an island feels nice.+2) Jumping from an airplane to choose where to land works really well.+3) Enough but not too many different weapons, armors, and items to have variation in each game.-1) Diving in water makes the player invulnerable, and it can be done like 95% of the time (5% breathing air and then diving back). Sharks should be added in the sea water to reduce effectiveness of swimming tactics.-2) Healing on the opposite side of the map instead of moving to the new areas is extremely effective for surviving to at least top20. It's ridiculous and not the way the game should work. Gas damage should go higher the further away from the white are player is.-3) Getting stuck randomly is horrible, there are multiple places which make the player unable to move from the spot. I've got stuck 4 times and had to wait for death. Fix the map.-4) Hackers, there are at least wallhack, aim+triggerbot and superfast running. Fix the vulnerabilities.-5) Banning ""stream snipers"" is bad decision. Streamers choose to show their gameplay with a delay of only a few seconds, and some people watch where they are. They put themselves in danger and get viewers for it. It's not something that should be bannable.-6) Rendering objects is sometimes too slow, there may be invisible haystacks on the farm field or items spawning a dozen of seconds after landing.-7) Crouch jumping is the only way to jump that makes sense, and only way to get through windows. Still, it requires some tricks to bind.-8) The devs promised there will be no microtransactions in early access stage. They lied. That's bad.+++- - - - - - - -"
,Recommended,578080,32973982,Posted: 28 June,all,Gunnzz,"I love the people (most of them), and I love the game. I was a big fan of DayZ (before it was abandoned and became riddled with hackers), so it's nice to see a similar, though improved, game take off. Warning:Prepare your ears for murder by pub players."
,Not Recommended,578080,35373229,Posted: 1 October,all,Simon_the_Koala,"Extremely bad optimization, bad serve and onile service, if you want a game that can keep annoying you, it is probably your best choice."
,Not Recommended,578080,34853168,Posted: 9 September,all,Jordan,bullets are rng
76561198236553832,Recommended,578080,34834741,Posted: 9 September,all,VIZIOGEEK,"Best battle royal game there ever is. Given that it's early access, it has proven to be worth of every gamers time."
,Not Recommended,578080,35398495,Posted: 1 October,all,Intelecto Nível 12,Optimize this game please.
,Recommended,578080,34372137,Posted: 20 August,all,m0tiVACation,#২ হবার সোদন ঠেকানো বড়ই কঠিন। আরাম পাই না।
76561197979337670,Not Recommended,578080,34537047,Posted: 27 August,all,Serapus,"NO I can't prove this, but I have been killed by headshot in at least 8 of the last 10 firefights from great distances to less than 20 yards.  The aimbot and ESP hacks in this game have got to stop.  Otherwise it's not worth playing.  It turns into who can pull the trigger the fastest.Before the flamebots come out of the woodwork, simply search YouTube for ""battlegrounds aimbot"".This is my favorite one (posted July 3, 2017):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiuCFophSEA."
76561198084200008,Not Recommended,578080,35426058,Posted: 2 October,all,Kap レヴィ,"Devs ban ""Stream Snipers"" instead of optimizing the game.Advertising on the Chinese Server #ChinaNumber1Bluehole gotta get their♥♥♥♥♥♥straight, grow some balls, and work on the game."
,Not Recommended,578080,35227342,Posted: 26 September,all,Worriedman,"It seems like it could be fun, but it's pretty terribly optimized; those of us with mid to lower tier PCs need not apply. I got a cool 15 FPS on lowest settings. Make it so regular shlubs like myself can play and I'll jump back in, no prob."
,Not Recommended,578080,34225367,Posted: 13 August,all,KillerVeebs,"This is a good game, don't get me wrong. The devs were doing a great job, patching things that needed patching and adding new content as fast as they could. But paid lootcrates are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. They promised something, took it back, and broke their game in the ""july patch"" (which happened in august...) I have put plenty of hours into the game and opening loot crates (and not getting much good out of them anyways) i dont understand why they already need paid content for something like cosmetics when they have already sold over 5 million copies of the game in early access alone. Bluehole, take back the purchased crates and ill make this a good review, because i do enjoy the game, but hate what youre doing now with it."
,Not Recommended,578080,34021371,Posted: 4 August,all,Koontflap,"Game worked....until the latest update. The crazy server lag is mnot my main complaint. After this update not a single game will load. On the rare occasion it does, I will get 12 fps on the lowest settings as where I used to get 60 fps on medium. Unplayable."
76561198136444198,Not Recommended,578080,35351471,Posted: 30 September,all,Papa Cannoli,"This game should have a ""nudity"" tag for how hard the developers suck off streamers"
,Not Recommended,578080,35340813,Posted: 30 September,all,JOIN or DIE,Why stream snipe brah?
,Recommended,578080,33202304,Posted: 3 July,all,Davode,"Started a match, died in the first 2 minutes. I'm a noob and even i find this game extremely fun.10/10"
,Recommended,578080,33246155,Posted: 4 July,all,vrytex,10のうち10
,Not Recommended,578080,35350560,Posted: 30 September,all,人胖枪钢头很方,"Sorry, no ingame ads."
76561198046771564,Not Recommended,578080,34299061,Posted: 16 August,all,sketch*,"I would recommend this game if it wasn't for the constant connection errors, inconsistent gunfights, outdated tick-rate, the inability to render buildings after landing, and plenty of other game breaking bugs. If Bluehole ever gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together this could easily be the best battle-royale game around. Do not recommend this game in its current state (especially after this recent patch which has worsened the rendering issues). Also, the devs are more focused on banning people rather than actually fixing the game."
,Not Recommended,578080,34589382,Posted: 29 August,all,totempael,"It is a fun game.But.If I use the car horn and accidently run into a streamer (there is no enemy tags, or whatnot) I risk getting banned from playing the game. So don't use the car horn, you will not be able to explain yourself before ban, it is a non-warning ban for ""streamer harassment"".If I accidently (well, hopefully it's not accidental and my aim is on point) kill a streamer, I can get banned for stream sniping. So if I shoot the wrong person (as in streamer) I'll get banned without warning and without the possibility to explain myself.I haven't got banned yet and I'll enjoy the game until.Also there is the issue of the game getting more into the business of marketing customizations, ie csgo skins, instead of being idk.. Properly released. They're not wasting any time for a profit at least."
76561198369789919,Not Recommended,578080,34777235,Posted: 6 September,all,ToastMaskinen,"There is a large amount of bugs, whivh makes this game, below avarage"
76561198335260236,Not Recommended,578080,34545869,Posted: 27 August,all,Kizm,"Sure, this game can be a lot of fun. If you can get over the bugs, crappy home screen UI, Latency, Inconsistent bullet contacts, Bad vehicle physics, Unoptimized engine, bad net code and obvious ignorance on the developers behalf to try and fix these things before holding an invitational compettition."
76561198050941919,Not Recommended,578080,34802698,Posted: 7 September,all,Breezy,It's more of a banning sim now.
76561198006293137,Recommended,578080,34960676,Posted: 14 September,all,Spaz Lord,"I'm kind of tired of seeing negative reviews saying that the game is unplayable and doesn't run well. I'm tired of people lying about having good pc's and internet connections and the game being poorly optimised. In 100+ hours I have had to quit one game because of a graphical glitch. There is the occasional small bit of lag usually at the start of the match but it never lasts more than 10 seconds or so. There are a few odd bugs about and vehicle physics are definitely amusing, It's to be expected in a game that isn't actually finished. I'm running it at 1080p on ultra settings with GTX1060 (the recommended GPU) and a decent connection at 100mb/s and it is unplayable maybe 0.2% of the time, not 60-70% like some people seem to experience. I play on EU servers so I can't speak for other regions. The game is brilliant and will only get better with time i'm sure.PS. If you don't like micro transactions don't buy stuff, it's quite simple."
,Not Recommended,578080,34359150,Posted: 19 August,all,Papa Papi,"If you enjoy being killed by campers and players youll never see in a game with no replay system, then this is a blast. It's very fun to spend 25 minutes looting and then die close quarters because of the games terrible hitboxes up close if you don't have a $2,000 computer. (I have Nvidia 980 & i7 6700) The game is still poorly optimized right now and some things like server issues may not even be fixable."
76561198028951373,Not Recommended,578080,34396906,Posted: 21 August,all,Its_Logic,"Didn't even get so far as to launch the game, i would click play and nothing would happen, the application would run for 15 seconds then just dissapear. tried everything that troubleshoot said to try, even searched google. i probably dinked around with this for 4 hours total just trying to get the game to start. Extremely dissapointed, waste of my money. now i have to wait and hope i get a refund."
,Not Recommended,578080,33832188,Posted: 27 July,all,マユ ワタナベ,"BAD PERFORMANCE, BAD SERVER, BAD GRAPHIC, AND F\/CK  THIS GAME !!!!!!!!-FAILED RENDER ISSUE-ALWAYS DROP FPS-SO MANY BUG-FAILURE MATCHING LOST CONNECTION-SERVER  SO BAD BAD BAD !!! (CONNECTION TIMEDOUT)"
,Not Recommended,578080,35034988,Posted: 17 September,all,twitch.tv/OHDEEEE,honestly so fed up with this game. seems like they wont ever fix key issues but continue to release new minor updates to attract more sales.
76561198005217413,Recommended,578080,34306260,Posted: 17 August,all,Zano,"Fun game. Needs to be optimized and needs more content, but in due time."
,Recommended,578080,34581911,Posted: 29 August,all,Fifth_Quarter,"Playerunknown's Battlegrounds is a massive multiplayer battle royal, last man standing, shooter.With lobbies of up to 100 players, either playing Solo, Duo or Quads [4 player team] being dropped along a random flight trajectory somewhere over an 8x8 Km map with all manner of build up and open terrain to traverse, randomised gear scattered through ought buildings, and vehicles dotted around the open world, no two games feel the same.Once dropped from the C130, at a point you choose to jump, you have several minutes to get armed up before a “Safe Zone” is marked on the map and you are given a few more minutes to make it to said “Safe Zone” before periodic damage is take until death if still outside. This will continue until the “Safe Zone” is nothing more than a few meters in diameter, consolidating the remaining players and eliminating those who cannot make it.The range of gear currently includes 20 main weapons [Sniper’s, DRM’s, Assault Rifles, Light Machine Guns, SMG’s & Shotguns], 4 pistols, 4 grenades, 4 melee weapons, 38 attachments, 3 med’s and 2 temporary boosts.With the combination of luck based looting, fighting, avoiding areas targeted for artillery bombardment and staying ahead of the Safe Zone perimeter, you are forced to keep making tough decisions to survive.With so many factors at work, games can easily feel like an uphill struggle, combined with the greater advantage a defending or camping [I hate that term] player who dropped on better loot or position, moving can be a death sentence.As enjoyable as this game is, it can be just as frustrating, someone will always have a better position or better gear, and despite what skill you may poses, LUCK is usually the deciding factor.But should you beat the odds and survive till you are the last one standing, there are few others like it in the gaming world."
,Not Recommended,578080,34495779,Posted: 25 August,all,imao,lemme uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh get banned for honking once please
,Not Recommended,578080,34524538,Posted: 27 August,all,PizzaCake!,The devs are unprofessional and liars. Banning players for honking their horn near streamers and including microtransactions in EA when they said they wouldn't.Just read all the other reviews and you'll get the point.
,Not Recommended,578080,33878453,Posted: 29 July,all,Sol_3 [UK],"Cant condone a paid crate system in an early access game. Good gameplay though, it's a shame."
,Not Recommended,578080,34619325,Posted: 30 August,all,BubbaFett,"If you like to sit in corners for 20 minutes at a time for 1 kill, you'll like this game. worst multiplayer experience I have ever had. boring game for no reward. game of luck and youll die from the back everytime. The community are a bunch of rats. 2.5/10"
76561198040781585,Not Recommended,578080,33828074,Posted: 27 July,all,OhFug,"PUBG is a good game that really pushes the Battle Royale genre in a good direction and can be a fantastic game if finished.Here in lies the problem, the developers initially stated that they do not want to be like other early access games and wish to finish the product before looking at how to support updates in the future. Long story short, they lied, the developers told fans that they should only expect microtransactions post launch but instead have decided to bin that promise and release cosmetics anyway.While I don't think it is wrong for Bluehole to want to support their game in the future through monetization methods, I have an issue with trust.Bluehole broke the trust we as a community had for them when they broke this promise and because of this they are no better than any other early access company that spits on their fans. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME until something changes or it is properly released(which at this point I doubt will ever happen)."
76561198356413286,Not Recommended,578080,33957965,Posted: 1 August,all,The_Dinkster,"the amount of times i died because of bug issues alone is appalling, the connection to servers is also bad, the excuse of ""its in early access"" is stupid, fix this trash and ill think of leaving a good review"
76561198125395782,Not Recommended,578080,34349046,Posted: 19 August,all,Satan,"PlayerUnknown and whoever else manages this game are doing a very terrible job , they act like nazis and lie to the community also have become very lazy."
,Not Recommended,578080,34410753,Posted: 22 August,all,I don't care,"Paying money for items in a game you already spent money on, pathetic, keeping this downvoted until you take away the stupid ♥♥♥♥ing keys."
76561198016798248,Not Recommended,578080,33861503,Posted: 28 July,all,Tormy,"The game is fun but need a lot of improvements like bug fixes and optimization.My negative vote is because the **** admins are banning players for ""stream sniper"" without any proof."
,Not Recommended,578080,33978474,Posted: 2 August,all,♥♥6}0cT,"To start with, I'm completely ok with microtransactions as long as they don't affect gameplay and don't make it ""pay to win""Of course, this game is poorly optimized... not a big deal either (gtx 1060 med-high settings 90+fps avg)BUTI can't play this game because it has a VERY poor sound engine. You literally have no idea where the steps or shots are (I have a 5.1 headset and I know what a I'm talking about ), that makes it absolutely unplayable.Even CS 1.6 has better sound positioning and it is 18 years old.My suggestion is to NOT buy this game 'till it's full release...Do yourself a favor and play the original battle royal mod in ARMA 3 ( IT's a WAY BETTER EXPERIENCE, take my word for it)"
,Not Recommended,578080,34040282,Posted: 5 August,all,The Tipsy Fellow,It is so hard to run and optimization is really bad
76561198325990197,Not Recommended,578080,34078149,Posted: 7 August,all,DevinBPK,"The game ♥♥♥♥ed me so hard. To set the scene me and my friend are playing duos camped in the back corner in the shipping crate area.  Finally get loaded up with all supressed weapons. ME and my partner are fully decked to the max and on top of that the safe zone is contunuing to collapse onto us with our backs to the ocean.  30 people left our ambush set and suddenly amidst our setup we are faced with server lag  It hauleted the game for roughly 3 mins followed by server time out and disconnect. In the blink of an eye all our amazing gear and setup was lost. We are left with pain, frustration, and lots of salty butthurt. Please fix the server lag as it hits in the most crucual moments. The biggest killer in this game is the server lag."
,Recommended,578080,30903986,Posted: 2 April,all,Pickle RIck <3,its ok.
,Recommended,578080,31562710,Posted: 5 May,all,Abaddon,"Если бы я знал про эту раньше, чем она вышла, я бы не покупал H1Z1: King of the Kill (которую я приобрел не так давно).Теперь о самой игре PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS :)Считаю эту игру лучшим представителем Battle Royal на данный момент! Я не играл в моды Arma, но я играл в H1Z1, а также, когда то возлагал большие надежды на The Culling, которые, увы, не оправдались :сВ данной игре очень отлично сделана боевая система. Во первых, бои здесь динамичные, как на мой взгляд. А также сама стрельба сделана очень хорошо, нету никакого лютого рандома в выстрелах.К тому же здесь имеется большой выбор оружия и, самое главное, его можно модифицировать! Ставить всякие обвесы, прицелы, ускоренный магазин и т.п. Это очень удивило и очень понравилось :)Насчёт транспорта. Наличие и разнообразие транспорта в этой игре хватает, а самое главное, управляется этот самый транспорт довольно-таки хорошо.Так же в игре огромная карта. Не знаю точный размер, где-то читал, что 8x8 км (могу ошибаться). Главное, что разгуляться тут есть где, к тому же сама местность разнообразная: леса, полянки, речки, города, сельская местность, красота :3 правда... леса тут не очень то густые (слышен плач кемпера).Плюс ко всему этому мы сами выбираем в каком месте карты десантироваться: хоть в одном конце карты, хоть в другом, хоть по-середине. Мелочь, а приятно :3 Да и какую-никакую тактику можно в полете продумать :DВ конце матча начисляются монеты. Сами монеты бесплатные и начисляются они в любом случае (надеюсь так будет и дальше). А за монеты уже можно открывать ящики, содержащие в себе косметические предметы, которые преображают персонажа (ну или на крайняк можно впарить на торговой площадке Steam :3).Единственный минус в данной игре, это оптимизация! (Хотя, наверное, никого сейчас этим не удивишь). Изначально игра выставила мне высокие настройки, я сначала обрадовался, ибо даже в меню у меня было 60фпс. Начал игру, фпс упал до 45. ""Ну терпимо"" подумал я, но дальше было хуже. Фпс начал жутко проседать до 18-25, пришлось ставить всёна низкое качество и довольствоваться тем, что есть (в принципе, даже на низких игра выглядит вполне себе симпотно).Хотя, если верить новостям разработчиков, то впервые месяцы они как-раз будут заниматься именно оптимизацией и уже в апреле должно будет выйти обновление, которое избавит игру от этих диких просадок фпс. Да и игра должна будет работать стабильнее, поэтому ждем, верим и надеемся :)Данную игру однозначно рекомендую к покупке! Она только вышла в ранний доступ, но в ней уже есть всё, что душе угодно (кроме оптимизации). Поэтому, если у вас ""чувствительные глаза"" (только высокие настройки и стабильный фпс), то советую пока воздержаться от покупки и подождать будущих обновлений.А если же вам важен сам процесс и азарт игры, то смело покупайте её! Она того стоит :)автор Обзораhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/enotan95/"
76561198015901838,Not Recommended,578080,34188316,Posted: 12 August,all,EssDeeKay,Honking horn near streamer = banned♥♥♥♥ these devs.
,Recommended,578080,33129067,Posted: 2 July,all,TΞZΛ,Pretty decent for an early access game the new update made the game really smooth (used to get 40-50 fps on my 1060 now getting around 60-70) nad it defnly gonna get much better.... worth every penny 10/10
,Not Recommended,578080,35320618,Posted: 29 September,all,BILL BOT,"W T F!! The new version has updated some advertisements of 'Accelerator' on Asian Server.And the game becomes even more lagging!!!!!!I understand many people don't like China, but it was not my choice to born in China. I also have purchased for this game, why I have to pay more for 'Accelerator'  to get the same experience like other players?"
76561198028378300,Not Recommended,578080,35330490,Posted: 30 September,all,rakkaus,"Love the idea, but hate the implementation...I don;t understand who decided to sell broken and absolutely not optimised game...Serioulsly, this is not a joke, we pay for that game and we expect R&D department will work on graphic issues and optimisation, this is unplayable!I have feeling that you guys do not have QA department which sucks but if you have one... than it even worse because you pay them for nothing this state of the product is absolutely not ready for selling EVEN for the early access program which I have feeling will never ends ;)Please hear our voices, focus all power on the client side and make this game smooth and joyful to play because it hurts!"
76561198093410469,Not Recommended,578080,35423575,Posted: 2 October,all,OHsnapITSyoMOM,Fortnite is better
76561198066274768,Not Recommended,578080,34923201,Posted: 13 September,all,GunnerSplat,"Games great fun but the amount of problems and bugs including texture glitches, sound inequalties and other things it comes as an overall bad experiance playing over many games.My Specs:I5 6700K CpuGtx Geforce 1070 8GB16GB Corsair Vengance RAMEdit:The last patch the developers added to the game seemed to fix everything and it was all smooth sailing. Today i had a 800mb update (20/09/2017) which i read the logs for being a ""bug fix"" update seemed to just break the game again which was amazing."
76561198077491034,Not Recommended,578080,34417668,Posted: 22 August,all,[QCG] Aids,"No incentive to win, if there was atleast a crate reward for winning that would be nice.Streamers getting people BANNED is disgusting, taking away the ability to play the £27 game."
76561198066099519,Recommended,578080,34320449,Posted: 17 August,all,Lord Bowser,PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS is a very fun battle royal game that can be fun with a team and can be fun independently. The game's graphics are great and it perfectly handles the massive player count in a server. A great game and worth the money.
76561198302098756,Recommended,578080,34368579,Posted: 20 August,all,DarkDreamer86,great start lets hope the devs keep up with the updates and new features.
76561198035458227,Recommended,578080,34370970,Posted: 20 August,all,[NDK] StormEagle,Love it
76561198039040321,Recommended,578080,34368653,Posted: 20 August,all,KBz | Apple,"Honestly one of the best games I've played in years. Once I started I can't stop playing. Some games can be rage-inducing when you first start, but when you start to improve there is nothing better than a good chicken dinner. Game is amazing in both  1st or 3rd person. I do suggest playing in squads when you first start out because the game has a bit of a learning curve. Game is definitely 10/10 if you can look past some of the glitches the game tends to have. Once this game is fully released I'm sure it'll be one of the best games on the market."
76561198007245595,Not Recommended,578080,33995753,Posted: 3 August,all,Rigar,Potential to be a good game but right now it sucks.
76561197971843852,Not Recommended,578080,35451670,Posted: 3 October,all,Destiny,this game runs like garbage + servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥+ game is broken + something with streamers and bans
76561198105346235,Not Recommended,578080,35461862,Posted: 3 October,all,ᛟ Hans ᛟ,Esports ready
,Not Recommended,578080,35402930,Posted: 1 October,all,Nath Hiccup,"PROBLEMS!!1. Menu is completely buggy. Have to constantly refresh UI and even then I get alot of ""Connection Closed"".2. IF YOU DO make it past ""Connection Closed"", good luck trying to use the menu at certain times. Unresponsive.3. When you get into a game and parachute down, sometimes the parachuting goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥and you're stuck 5 metres above ground for 5-10 seconds watching everyone around you gather loot to easily pick you off.4. If it's not the parachute problem, picking up loot is awful.When you go to pick up loot, It doesn't go into your inventory, it just stays there.5. With driving around cars, there are certain HIDDEN parts of maps where you will hit and the car comes to a sudden and complete stop, damaging you and your mates."
76561197961785239,Not Recommended,578080,35417507,Posted: 2 October,all,sombra,"Very fun game, actually the best Battle Royale, nothing new though... they used an old recipe, gathering things and ideas from other games and put them together.I just don't recommend it because the optimization is extremely poor, I understand it is early access but it is far far away from running smoothly (I have an GTX 1050 4gb).Overall the game has far more fame then it deserves."
,Not Recommended,578080,35423361,Posted: 2 October,all,ponda,you play 3 games then the servers go offline
76561198064760594,Not Recommended,578080,35403904,Posted: 1 October,all,墨觞@1221,"If you can tolerate goddamn servers, if you can tolerate plug UPS, if you can tolerate  server crash everyday, buy this game"
76561198079979474,Not Recommended,578080,34245885,Posted: 14 August,all,EvilWays,"Poorly optimized. The game is pretty inconsistent with performance. It's still early, but the new microtransaction system warranted a negative review."
,Not Recommended,578080,35401539,Posted: 1 October,all,⋆ Rowkai ⋆,bad
76561198102118759,Not Recommended,578080,35404391,Posted: 1 October,all,Fatal error!,"Unplayable for me at the moment.  I get 5 or so minutes into a match and get a message of ""Network lag detected"" and the game freezes, eventually kicking me.  I have Google Fiber internet with a ping consistently below 20 so it's not my service.  Apparently, from what I've read, this is an anti-cheat for lag switching (whatever that is).  Definitely a waste of money at this point.  Maybe I'll check back in a few months to see they get their act together.Note: not everyone will have this issue but there is plently of buzz on the forums about it which means it's just that, AN ISSUE!"
76561198158862279,Not Recommended,578080,35337483,Posted: 30 September,all,Silly White,游戏从一开始的裸连，到后来游戏偶尔掉线，到不买加速器玩法登录，最后游戏里面公然卖加速器，然而游戏界面至今没有中文
,Recommended,578080,31260695,Posted: 20 April,all,bryanWRX,Best Battle Royale ever!
,Recommended,578080,33437898,Posted: 10 July,all,Exaruch,"Эта игра, в которой ты появляешься среди стада левых людей и ждешь около минуты выслушивая стрельбу и сдерживая пули в свое тело.Но это только начало. Далее ты летишь на самолете, вокруг тебя куча левых, незнакомых тебе людей, которых вскоре придется убить. Ты выбираешь сам где высадиться, но если ты не успеешься сделать свой выбор до конца полета, то тебя выкинет в самом конце траектории полета этого гр♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ного самолета.После высадки тебе требуется найти то, чем ты сможешь уничтожить, трахнуть, унизить твоих противников, с которыми ты летел несколько секунд назад. Ты можешь найти все, что угодно твоей душе, но для того, чтобы получить некоторые вещи, потребуется потрудиться, так как их не так- то и просто достать.Вот заветные ""Стволы"" у тебя, ты в фулл 3 3 3 экипе, бежишь, видишь уазик, за ним сидит кемпер, ты подбегаешь, он тебе дает тычку на пол хп, но с горем пополам ты его убиваешь..... Молодец.... Идем дальше. Ты забрал свой вожделенный уазик, едешь в ""зону""(Нет, не в ту которую вы подумали, а в ограниченную территорию, за пределами которой тебя покарает сам Аллах).Смотришь на карту, видишь, что зона на сосновке и к ней можно проехать только по одному из двух возможных мостов(Вот засада- то да?).  Уже за два километра до зоны твоя машина как сито, т.к ты по пути встретил пару десятков врагов(В этой игре в одной ""Катке"" запускаются около 100 человек и бегают по одной карте). Допустим, ты выжил и тебе не прилетело в каску, что же дальше, спросишь ты? Ты едешь через этот поганый мост, где за каждым столбом, стойкой, машиной, коробкой, бочкой лежит кемпер, жаждущий твоей смерти, и твоих патронов, потому что он был немного косой и по другим не попадал, а просто тратил зря патроны.Ты въезжаешь на мост, предварительно словив еще пару обойм в свой корпус, едешь никого не трогаешь, мансуешь, чтобы тебе не дали по твоей не очень- то и умной каске, как вдруг из- за перевернутой машины с хот- догами выскакивает продавец и начинает зазывать тебя с криками: ""Ай какие хорошие хот- доги, на возьми, распробуй мой дружок"", - попутно кидая в тебя ""Хот-доги""(Если кто еще не понял, засовывая под твою кузовню еще парочку сочных обоим с калаша), потом достает двухстволку и бьет тебе в лицо, у тебя остается хп, которых даже не видно, как и твоего пис... хм... О чем это я, ах да, у тебя остается очень мало хп и ты в страхе едешь за ближайший дом и хилишься.Окей, подхилился, сидишь ждешь людей, попутно недалеко упал аир, а осталось около 30 человек и ты слышишь какое мясо там творится и ссышь себе в штанишки, потому что боишься, что они прибегут к тебе. Все же ты решаешься высунуться в окно и тебе прилетает смачный преф в лицо, но жаль это был всего- лишь калаш , и ты выжил.Далее, спустя некоторое время у тебя уже 5 фрагов ( за всю игру, да да, ты тру скилл и так далее, до свидания).Остается 10 людей, зона уже меньше твоего очка, но ты не слышишь ни♥♥♥♥♥♥, потому на EU сидят одни поганые крысы, ты слышишь как справа от тебя ползет какая- то мышь, ты видишь ее, но не замечаешь, что у тебя стоит режим стрельбы ""Одиночными"", а ты, поганый лох, привык зажимать, встал (Посреди поля, это очень глупо), прицелился и выстрелил, всего раз, один раз, а дальше не смог, тут же тебе прилетает в бошку с Каряка и ты улетаешь на своей жопке на орбиту.Так же, пока ты бегал, ты, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ везучий ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥н сын, словил несколько пуль в сковородку, которая была на твоей♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥и верно оберегала тебя, и ты смог выжить, но я видел и таких, которые убивали сквад со сковородки в одиночку, так что ты еще слишком неумел.А так, игра хорошая, советую всем, да, в раннем доступе, но создатели ее не забрасывают и стараются делать ее лучше и лучше и планируют выйти из раннего доступа к концу 2017 года, надеюсь у них все получится и игра выйдет шикарной."
76561198151607825,Not Recommended,578080,35477826,Posted: 4 October,all,KOENIGSEGG,"Terrible optimization even from a mid tier rig. You have to change to mid settings just to get that 60 - 40 fps. Mid settings is so terrible you'll often mistaken bushes for players when using scopes. I get that this is an early-access but due  to the competitive gamestyle and popularity, there are high expectations for this game considering it's been out for a while now. Now I still play this game but I wouldn't recommend purist gamers to play this sluggish/buggy game yet."
,Not Recommended,578080,33940940,Posted: 31 July,all,wew,"♥♥♥♥ you developers, because you have made millions and millions off of sales alone, and instead of adding optimization and bug patches you add skins and microtransactions, a thing you said you wouldn't even do."
,Not Recommended,578080,33872052,Posted: 28 July,all,csgobounty.com Hayden,"If your gonna copy arma do it well, the game is fun but has a ton of problems. Get good, get original. The least this game could do is copy some good features from arma like a more organized inventory and a double alt feature that makes it to where you dont constantly have to hold alt to look around. The only two original are the cars and the armor mechanics and they are both bad, cars flip way to easy and are a great way of getting killed and the armor (in the case of level 2 and 1 are almost the same thing and getting level 3 is to hard. When I play this game nothing is satisfying (no hit marks and guns dont to enough damage so it take a fat minute to kill someone). Everyone says hearing a gunshot is hard I dont find it to be that difficult but thats just me. This game has no good leveling system and the skins are bland and havent been changed since release. The game isn't optimized and needs help, guns are to similar in terms of damage and attachments and more unique things need to be added to guns like ammo, damage, attachment, and of course with these balance between the weapons. There isn't a lot right about this game, it's rage endusing because of all the problems and is not worth 30 dollars in its current state. This game has more in common with a free to play than anything else and the mod that playerunknown made for arma 3 was much better because arma was already a polished game. This game has potential and is only in early access so I assume much of these things will be fixed in the future and I hope that's true."
,Not Recommended,578080,34406097,Posted: 21 August,all,Klocko,It's ok I guess but the devs are a massive S U C C so nononono
,Not Recommended,578080,33872502,Posted: 28 July,all,Midknight Battler,Campers.This is all the game is about.You will like it if you got no life and a lot of time to waste.
,Not Recommended,578080,35478783,Posted: 4 October,all,Oboro,"From the makers of an MMO and a VR swordfighting game, comes... a game where you look around for weapons to murder people while escaping a wall of death and be the last one standing or in some cases last team standing.When you start the game you are in a cargo plane full of players. Said plane flies past a soviet island that has long been abandoned, there you can choose when to jump out of the plane and parachute to the ground, and from there it's all up to you.As the game progresses people will die off, and when you look at the map you will see a white circle, that is a safe zone from this wall of blue death that comes at certains, you are given a time limit to get to the white circle or slowly die from said blue death. The white circle also starts to get smaller and smaller, forcing the players together to fight.Some problems I have had whilst playing PUBG is that it is horribly optimised, For instance, when I get to the ground the buildings are low poly, as if you were looking at said building from far aways, even though I am right next to said building, and for whatever reason getting inside said buildings is impossible as well, asides from that, my FPS also drops for no reason, and sometimes at the worst moment, Like a gun fight!That coupled with what lots of players are talking about ""Stream sniping"" in which appearntly people are getting banned for killing streamers... that's a good way to kill your playerbase... Don't get me wrong the game is great just horribly optimised and lots of questionable decisions, and I hear they're soon adding microtransions for loot, meaning the Loot boxes you get in game may now start to cost money to open.."
,Not Recommended,578080,33871746,Posted: 28 July,all,BloodWolf 血狼,"H1Z1 2.0Don't buy this game, the hit registration is bad, poor optimisation, no progression and soon, microtransactions in early access which is stupid as they previously stated that they would not have microtransactions (I don't personally mind microtransactions, but I think they should work on bug fixes and overall gameplay first).The only good thing is that the game is updated regularly, so most of these should be fixed by the time it releases (hopefully) but until then, I will not recommend.Also could the developer stop sucking off streamers thanks."
76561197967017907,Not Recommended,578080,33871586,Posted: 28 July,all,Terrapt,"Starting to offer microtransactions while still in early access. This is contradictory to one of the original selling points of the game, where the creator advertised that there would be no microtransactions during early access."
76561198387845446,Not Recommended,578080,35374778,Posted: 1 October,all,Error:404 not found,I just wanna konw why the server crashes everyday?!
,Not Recommended,578080,35374813,Posted: 1 October,all,c o o l c r a s h ✌ 🚑,"nice concept. but incompetent implementation. server issues every day. lag every day. connection problems every day. these days and weeks, if it works, it can still be fun... but anyway, i am honestly wondering what is happening with these game devs and their priorities..."
,Recommended,578080,33868630,Posted: 28 July,all,Radish Radbino,I need to put food on the tableI need to feed my familyI NEED THE CHIIICKEN DINNNNEEER!
,Recommended,578080,30880954,Posted: 1 April,all,[TBR] Van Hellspit,"How to play PUBG1.Enter starting area-Hear people asking for Tomas-I’m a snake follow me-Random screaming2. Enter the plane-More Random screaming-CHINA Number 13. Pick a location-If you’re in a squad mostly they will end up somewhere else-High loot areas are almost certain death for at least one team m8-China number one4. Set down start looting-Loot all your shiny items-Don’t get killed-Move when the blue circle comes5. Get killed-After finding some decent loot get killed crossing a field-Get killed crossing a bridge-Get killed by the blue line-Get killed by a car-Get killed by a car crash-Get killed by a team m86. Repeat-After said killing, start all over again#7. Kill and chicken dinners-Kill another player, feel great-Be rewarded with a win and a lovely Chicken Dinner :)This game is simply amazing. It’s addictive, fun, gets your heart pumping and has so much potential.Yes, there are some bugs, yes there may be the odd cheater and team killers but all of that is insignificant to how fun and well designed the game, loot system and map is.Plus, there’s a whole lot more that the dev's are planning on implementing. I would also advise joining their Forums loads of tips / tricks and information for the Dev's themselves.A solid 8/10Van. Hellspit"
76561198147522045,Not Recommended,578080,35497791,Posted: 5 October,all,Hisoka Morow,"Who runs better the game on PC has better chances to win the game. Simple as that.Opening/closing doors, getting items, landing, scoping (especially 4x and 8x), every action you do, your game slows and accelerates constantly, your gameplay isn´t smooth.You´re forced to spend hours optimizing your settings just to make it slighty better.It´s not about having a good pc or not, it´s also unplayable in I7's, gtx etcGame is simple, normal graphics, one map. It just has 0 optimization. With the money they did with all this success they have no excuse to keep the game like this. They´re just using the ""early access"" excuse to make even more profit with the game with any effort. 7 months passed, not reason to stay at early access.Not worth 30 euros.The game is fun with friends but still not worth."
76561198099994540,Not Recommended,578080,34772072,Posted: 6 September,all,Hajduk,"Game has a good idea, but it is like on 50% of production.Game is not optimized, problems with textures, and rendering, also lots of bugs.This game has potential but at this stage it is just a game that has quite lot of problems.On top of that this game recently hase huge amount of chiters, who aparently can see every player where hi is and almost never miss the target. If they banned 15000 players wtf is happening with this new wave of chitters."
,Recommended,578080,32942285,Posted: 28 June,all,ted,So addicting!
,Not Recommended,578080,35501227,Posted: 5 October,all,Elox Clegane,"I do not like this game. No part of this game is well done (IN MY OPINION).Now hold up, let me explain before you get triggered.These are the reasons I detest this game:1. Biggest and most controversial point that pretty much just comes down to personal preference. I ABSOLUTELY HATE THE MOVEMENT ENGINE IN THIS GAME. It feels like a chore just to walk around, everything seems to lag, picking items up is a chore, sometimes it doesn't load properly, sometimes it loads too fast and switches your guns around from slots and when you re-pick up the gun you dropped you have to reload the damn thing all over again! And the fact that just running around with your character feels like you are navigating a bus with no power steering down streets that were designed to accommodate a horse and cart... Absolutely infuriating in a tight situation.I'm gonna compare it to H1Z1: KotK for a second. Really? Why? Well because this game (aside from the shoddy servers at times) does not feel like a chore just to move around. It is smooth, free flowing and it is not in the least bit frustrating. You run fast enough for it to not annoy you, you turn IMMEDIATELY when you press the key to do so and when you jump you dont lose all of your momentum, and don't even get me started on jumping over short fences and broken walls - OMFG WHAT A DISASTER IN PUBG (I am very aware that they are bringing in vaulting to try and fix this issue but I genuinely don't think this will solve the problem). To conclude this point, everything you do in relation to controlling your character is very slow and unresponsive, and I can guarantee you that you will be frustrated at how bad this feels atleast for a period of time before you ""get used to it"" which I think is a horrible thing to say in any game. This is the games' absolute worst part in my opinion. Everything else in this list could be forgiven if this aspect of the game was good.2. The servers - This is and has been a problem with every single Battle Royale game I have ever played including Fortnite which is relatively new at this stage. The instability from the servers you feel ontop of the above stated clunky, frustrating, laggy movement, adds another dimension of rubber banding, players not loading textures on the map so they can literally drive through, run through, and see through walls.THE FACT THAT THERE IS NO PING LIMIT ON JOINING A SERVER FOREIGN TO YOUR REGION YOU LIVE IN IS RIDICULOUS - This is a cardinal sin in my book. This ruins the experience for EVERYONE including the person committing the crime. Why would you WANT to play with 150+ ping? At times even 300 ping because there is no limit!? WHY IS THIS NOT RESTRICTED!?!??!!?I have on numerous occasions, CLEARLY landed before another player, but because the textures and loot load for that player before me, they pick up a gun and kill me before I can even see there's something on the ground (now take it easy - I have a state of the art rig, 4.3 Ghz Processor with an 8GB dedicated Graphics card AND I run PUBG on MEDIUM graphics! Ontop of that I have the fastest internet outside of Korea with a 1GB Download speed and a 500MB Upload speed. I should not be having these types of issues!). This is unacceptable.3. The type of tactics the 2 above stated points promotes - This is a big one for me, but this is more of a preference thing moreso than anything else... EVERYONE IN THIS GAME IS A GIANT ♥♥♥♥♥ WHO AVOIDS ALL CONTACT AT ALL TIMES AND HIDES IN A HOUSE FOR 40 MINUTES BECAUSE HUNTING PLAYERS IS VERY MINIMALLY REWARDED ONTOP OF THE FACT THAT THE SERVERS LAG TOO MUCH TO BE AGGRESSIVE AND RELIABLY GET KILLS.The amount of times I have run into a house after checking my corners like a seasoned CSGO player, and being 1 shot by someone who has camped in the same spot for 30 minutes with a shotgun holding a corner is ridiculous. This is the WORST way to play this game and I'm absolutely sick of the way this game REWARDS this type of play. There is not nearly enough emphasis on rewarding players that take a risk and go hunting for kills. It is a BATTLEgrounds, BATTLE Royale. Not a HIDE IN A HOUSEgrounds, CAMP A CORNER IN A HOUSE FOR 30 MINUTES Royale...The points system needs to be changed and the servers need to be boosted to help this type of play because it is restrictive when the first 10 mins of every single game is laggy as all hell and you can be killed in the most ridiculous ways.4. The game is being pushed as an E-sport - THIS IS NOT AN E-SPORT GENRE, STOP TRYING TO MAKE IT ONE. The game is based on RNG for loot/cars/server stability. Games that are based on these things SHOULD NOT BE E-SPORTS. It has been proven during this inviational that it does not and will not ever work. It was a complete disaster. It highlighted in every way possible why this genre can NOT be an e-sport. This is a minor point so I won't go on about it, but it should not be pushed in this direction.END OF LISTSteam says I have played 81 hours of this game but I have most definitely played atleast 2 times this, whether it be on another account or whatever. Because of this, I believe I have legitimate grounds to have an opinion on the above stated problems.My final recommendation is do not buy this game. It is very overpriced for what it is, but if you enjoy camping in the same place for extended periods of time and/or being killed by such players when you're trying to play like you should be playing, then go for it. You will absolutely love this game.At the end of the day I genuinely don't know why people love this game so much and I don't think it deserves the praise and publicity it gets. This Battle Royale hype will die down soon and you will want all the money you spent on this game back."
,Not Recommended,578080,35500974,Posted: 5 October,all,ua7,This game is honestly fun. I would love to continue to play but i can't recommend this game until they stop the banning people without reason. Stream snipe isn't a good justifaction for a ban. Especially since the streamer can put a delay on the  stream. i don't even watch streams but yet i still have just enough chance as anyone to get ban for no reason. Please fix this.
,Not Recommended,578080,35366907,Posted: 30 September,all,UNNC Josh,"rubbish server!!! 5mins game, 1h maintain"
76561197967605168,Recommended,578080,35497786,Posted: 5 October,all,exile,Welcome to China.
,Not Recommended,578080,33953405,Posted: 1 August,all,Tiber,"broken game, nothing works fine"
,Not Recommended,578080,35452432,Posted: 3 October,all,RAZER ZA | jeeva,"As a South African Gamer with a minimum of 220ms ping to the closet server (EU)- They removed the ability to bind crouch+jump to the same button which hampers us with a higher ping to succesfully crouch jump since you have to be milisecond specific causing us to get trapped in rooms and easily killed - since we cannot leap out of windows anymore.- Ads- Idea stolen from a book of the 90's & movie with the name of BattleRoyal but 'looking at legal action' against another game developer, whoms Engine they use.- Takes about 10 minutes to start one game because someone in the squad always have to refresh his GUI before it can start.- Devs make changes to the game without consulting the community and merely rely on input of streamers whom are horrible gamers.- Trying to make an arcade game too realistic, removing loot.- Why even have clothes spawn in game?"
,Not Recommended,578080,35476374,Posted: 4 October,all,Xiogang,Garbage lol
76561197965602081,Recommended,578080,34909863,Posted: 12 September,all,NeonBootyGoon,"So far I absolutely love the game. It is riddled with bugs, bad physics, weird clipping, and toxic people over mic, but the core concept is so ♥♥♥♥ing good it just doesn't matter.A lot of people are downvoting for getting banned for stream sniping, but as somebody who doesn't stream snipe, and none of my friends stream snipe, we have had no issues with it. It seems that as long as you play the game fairly, and not like a jerk, you won't get a ban.Only bought this game like a short while ago, but I have played it a ton in the last like 3 weeks.If the devs truly only ban the snipers and cheaters, and they continue adding to the game and fixing bugs, this game could go down as one of the best ever."
,Not Recommended,578080,34466892,Posted: 24 August,all,XxPonghildxX,"great game, but it ♥♥♥♥ing crashes 25/729.09.17-edit: wårst geim evår"
,Recommended,578080,33308972,Posted: 6 July,all,ALunar✓,Such an intense game to play will have you griped till your last breath. Dieing just makes you wanna try again and again. When you get a win you feel top of the world. Which I had a 1080 so I could play above 15fps :/
,Recommended,578080,33829606,Posted: 27 July,all,Yooki,10/10 would play againThis game is:100% luck20% skill15% concentrated power of will5% pleasure50% painand 100% reason to purchase this expensive game
,Recommended,578080,33457300,Posted: 11 July,all,GREEK FUCKER,Very nice game and congrats to bluehole for the excellent work!!!!The only drawback is that my pc is slow enough and I cant play it on medium or high presets and usually I play it on 20-30 fps' on lowest preset settings....Please I know that it is very new game but if u could make it a little bit optimized for old pc'sPc specs:Amd a6 7310Amd r4 graghics card I think it is 1gb6gb of ramTHANK YOU!!!
,Recommended,578080,32988843,Posted: 29 June,all,Grimoire,"great game, need more bugfix and patch"
76561198089106119,Recommended,578080,32988079,Posted: 29 June,all,Oldefar,:^)
76561198366572462,Recommended,578080,33048461,Posted: 30 June,all,Erce,This game's PC requirement are alot higher than it what it says. My computer stats is like 3x better or higher and yet i feel lags are moments with im going for the kills. Other than that i think its quite good so far. Worth as long u guys are willing to endure the random lag moments every now and then.
,Not Recommended,578080,33990005,Posted: 3 August,all,Moggy_Fresh,Fun and addicting game but im jumping on the boycott bandwagon with the way they are going about loot crates / cosmetic items. If they added the ability to recieve the same loot by grinding i would tell everyone to buy it.
,Recommended,578080,33153414,Posted: 2 July,all,Jay,"Needs work on the performance, but is a solid game to play with friends."
,Recommended,578080,31228638,Posted: 18 April,all,MΛĿFUNCTĪON,Better than H1z1 by a mile.
76561198367000462,Not Recommended,578080,35366566,Posted: 30 September,all,THOT SLAYER,the server did a poopoo
76561198255737498,Not Recommended,578080,33992696,Posted: 3 August,all,FENRIS BLUE PAWS,game is going to trash the new patch made the game ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to play and the new micro transactions ARE ♥♥♥♥ING BS i did not pay 38$ for this game to go from playable and god to♥♥♥♥♥♥and trash and i want my money in one patch
76561198071270008,Not Recommended,578080,35491334,Posted: 5 October,all,Курлык,Servers are too busy 10/10
76561198175735247,Not Recommended,578080,35456929,Posted: 3 October,all,Code__eTV,"Has the potential to be a phenominal game, but the lack of decent developers and the fact that they apparently use original IBMs as servers this game is useless."
,Not Recommended,578080,35503838,Posted: 5 October,all,Topkek,"game is getting worse and worse on every patch, performance is a totally♥♥♥♥♥♥and devs dont do nothing about it, play Fortnite instead this♥♥♥♥♥♥ f2p a much better performance"
,Not Recommended,578080,34754690,Posted: 5 September,all,Mr. Bergstrom,Giff OCE FPP
,Not Recommended,578080,34796129,Posted: 7 September,all,DewSeptiPie,"friend is online although cannot play with them , as the gagmes says they are offline"
,Not Recommended,578080,35412090,Posted: 2 October,all,dddvvvzzzՁ٥١Ձ,Minimum recomended: GTX 66010fps in 720p with the lowest settings with a GTX 770nice optimization boi
76561198084984602,Not Recommended,578080,34004143,Posted: 3 August,all,NoobCaptain,Is this update about OPTIMIZING or MONETIZING?
,Not Recommended,578080,34388621,Posted: 20 August,all,Kiro,"Can be a great game but there's too many aimbot asians/russians so nope...not recommending until you ban them from joining NA server, keep that cheating trash out."
,Not Recommended,578080,31285809,Posted: 21 April,all,Reapz,RNG Based game. First person to find a gun wins.Fix the loot system.
76561198181328170,Not Recommended,578080,33879339,Posted: 29 July,all,Glenn37216,WTF is pc gaming becoming?Latest patch -  Can't bind vehicle and character movement to same keys? This should be a default function !Developers have gotten the big head... banning people for accidently team killing ? Really?Banning people for bad reviews?Banning people for killing streamers?No familiy share but yet I'm stuck playing with a family share gamertag?Unoptimised POS engine that runs like crap on high end gpu's?Stats not saving for sometimes days on end ?Wins not saving because game defaulted you to an Asian server?Sheep are buying this game because the concept is good .... but the game is utter garbage.
,Not Recommended,578080,34541394,Posted: 27 August,all,Chaken,Another fantastic game that has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs hopefully they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and don't ruin this game.
76561197970534974,Not Recommended,578080,34388605,Posted: 20 August,all,V-Drill 9000,If you want to have fun dont buy this game. Just another dogshit game that will never not be early access and you will problably only buy it becuase a twitch streamer told you to.  Its basically sitting in a corner in 3rd person for  20 mins waiting for somebody to walk up to you. ♥♥♥♥!
76561198182071191,Not Recommended,578080,33991240,Posted: 3 August,all,GGininderr,Your latest update it's absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥ Everything it's horrible screw your new crates!
76561198079338483,Not Recommended,578080,35374972,Posted: 1 October,all,monkehmaster,"this game is fun but now its over run with chinese and the game became unplayable.everyone in the forum is complaining about the chinese issue, yet its being allowed.they abuse their ping to ruin the game.90% of the people crying about being game banned are chinese.chinese forum spam goes for 100+ pages.chinese flood every server.chinese team kill anyone not chinese.chinese team up in solo/duo/squad modes to kill everyone not chinese.they spam the forums with insults towards anyone not chinese and are allowed to do it, yet anyone saying anything back to them get locked/delete or forum banned.i got a month long forum ban for insulting a chinese because he insulted me lol.i will not be playing this game and most likely be getting a refund and i will get my refund and will tell others to do so as well.this is the first time ive even done a review and the only time i have thought of giving a negative review to a game."
76561198052269145,Not Recommended,578080,35411946,Posted: 2 October,all,Deadly_J,"So many ADs in game, bad experience."
76561198092748476,Not Recommended,578080,35409344,Posted: 2 October,all,DUKEYBABY,Killing the game by being lazy and just hitting players with the ban hammer..... not very bright.....
76561198273353764,Not Recommended,578080,34754733,Posted: 5 September,all,slemejecar,WHY DID I BUY THIS. WHY?
,Not Recommended,578080,34278187,Posted: 16 August,all,Flection,"This is a quote I found where I agree with: ""Long story short - a group of nonames seized a huge stack of cash in their face by releasing an awful ♥♥♥♥♥♥ excuse for a game with blurry graphics, awful optimization, monotonous gameplay and overall low quality by basing it on an overhyped ""royal-battle"" gamemode ""In general; the graphics are from 1996, so is the optimization. There are allready microtransactions in a Alpha game with the excuse of ""we need to test"". They promised they wouldnt do it but ok; thats also normal these days: ""Lie to your clients about the games content or development path""But to summarize it I don't recommend the game, but I still play it. Huhuhu. There is nothing else to play atm."
,Recommended,578080,32632768,Posted: 21 June,all,Anne Frank,Really great game and stuff
,Not Recommended,578080,35405788,Posted: 1 October,all,SheNeedAMan,"UPDATE: Servers are unresponsive or overpopulated and getting into a game is near impossible.PUBG is a LOT of fun if you're into first person shooters or third person shooters. Fun loot system that feels great for loot hoarders like me. There are down times in the game, like running from circle to circle with no engagements but that can take a turn in seconds.Game fails to have a system that punishes people for bad behavior, add in no region lock and all you'll be hearing half the time is ""CHINA NUMBER ONE!""If you like chinese team killing you all game long without getting banned or region locked, this game is for you.Devs seems to not care about region locking or banning team killers which rubs me the wrong way since other games have a banning system for teamkilling. The fact that they have friendly fire on but no punishment for team killing is beyond me."
,Not Recommended,578080,31235763,Posted: 19 April,all,1MoreTry,Stuck at loading screen and i can do nothing about itjust go back to ♥♥♥♥ing trash bin idiot game
76561198259815524,Not Recommended,578080,35507674,Posted: 5 October,all,SpeX,barely get 60fpsNo local Servers180 ping
,Not Recommended,578080,35507889,Posted: 5 October,all,Android's Dream,A good battle royale game which is otherwise marred by poor development and extremely poor server preformance.
76561198371364282,Recommended,578080,31510800,Posted: 2 May,all,Antwerp,Sugoiii !
,Recommended,578080,32938135,Posted: 28 June,all,[28th]Barry Obama,The only game where a frying pan is stronger then a high powered rifle.
76561198046616977,Recommended,578080,30696886,Posted: 23 March,all,Tykee,Best Battle Royale game ever. #RipH1Z1
,Recommended,578080,30762621,Posted: 26 March,all,CL34R | ClearNet,"Overall perfect game, this is the future of battle royale. better than H1Z1, Only issue i've come across is that it needs a little optimisation. I have a GTX 1070 Founders Edition 8GB VRAM, 6core CPU but can just hit 60 in rural areas and the choppy lag here and there. I've heard the developers are working on the optimisation so i'm excited for the future of this game :D"
76561197990214636,Recommended,578080,32728367,Posted: 24 June,all,Keith,"Wow what a splendid game this is!Jolly good show I must say, if you're looking for a great bit of fun with the boys then this is a defo my friends, and if you like to whine about low fps with a bad computer then it's even better! oh how jolly wonderful this fine piece of software is!"
76561198071765693,Not Recommended,578080,32881678,Posted: 27 June,all,Kevin King,"Never posted review before. But have to give this one a negative. I've created a few games myself and even tho they are not even close to being as good as this game (Rumble Arena iOS/Android my last game). This game is just too buggy to release it as an alpha and charge 30 bucks for it. This state of the game should honestly be free so people can check it out and decide to play it once it's actually stable, or at least more stable than this."
,Not Recommended,578080,33808796,Posted: 26 July,all,Crispy,"With the recent addition of having to pay for a key to open a crate, the devs have gone back on their word about crates being free in early access. Really bad move, i hope this game goes H1Z1 and they push out more crates than game fixes."
,Not Recommended,578080,32683322,Posted: 23 June,all,Tricksterrr,This game is good but i cannot recommend it right now because it has a lot of optimization problems... Even though i have a good system my fps goes down to 30 and then goes up to 70 then goes down to 20 its unstable... I would say that you should wait until these problems are fixed...
,Recommended,578080,32275823,Posted: 8 June,all,oh_explode,"To those who are interested in purchasing, be forewarned that this game is CPU-intensive and your daddy's old Compaq in the basement isn't gonna cut it. I previously ran the game with an FX-8120 and R9 280x and was averaging ~40-45 fps on low/med settings. Now that I have a 1080TI and 7700k I get ~90-100 fps average with everything on ultra.That being said, this is one of the best EA games I've ever played, weekly/monthly updates that fix issues and add gameplay elements, and a solid playerbase keep us coming back for more. Gameplay is like an arcadey-ARMA which I personally love, lots of tense moments and frantic looting. I highly recommend this game if you can run it, ofc with Steam's refund system you can try it out yourself. I have faith in PlayerUnknown to publish a completed game in just a few more months."
76561198244367304,Recommended,578080,31457533,Posted: 30 April,all,ZMan,"It's been 50 hours since I last saw my family and I don't regret it one bit. I've only won one match and have gotten to Top 10 and then dropped so many times I lost count. I still always love jumping out of the plane and gliding down to grab some goodies. Then go try to cap some kids, it never gets old. The amount of progress made by the developers is amazing compared to other games in early access. *cough* *cough* ARK *cough* *cough*. Love the constant and great quality updates to this game."
,Not Recommended,578080,34274853,Posted: 16 August,all,Chuuko,Core gameplay is fun but does not have much content for it's priced point and it's heavily RNG based when key areas should have better  loot then other places which would attract more players to it which would make these high risk high reward areas. Right now all loot is kinda just scattered around the mall at random. Game also has microtransaction which is garbage and the devs are probably gonna abandon the PC platform when console comes out to develop their to reel more sales on console end before abandoning the game as a whole. Such is the way of life for popular early access games.Playing with friends and communicating over a mic is hella fun tho... When the bugs don't screw you over and ruin everything.
,Recommended,578080,30885253,Posted: 1 April,all,The Amazing Fedora Seal,god
,Recommended,578080,30878837,Posted: 1 April,all,Copper,The ultimate butt clincher.
,Recommended,578080,31854578,Posted: 19 May,all,cow,Buy this game now
,Not Recommended,578080,34174701,Posted: 11 August,all,HORRORBEAST DOGSPIT,"devs cant fix lag, optimization, servers, or balance the gamebut hey, they can introduce microtransactions insteadepic"
,Not Recommended,578080,34613024,Posted: 30 August,all,N1K0,"The most overrated piece of repetitive garbage in 2017. If you like a game that promotes camping behind a tree or in a house for atleast 30 minutes (if you want to win) and 3rd person abusing go for it. And it's also beyond me why they want to turn this game into an esport. Random loot, random loot from planes, random car spawns, bugs that's what competitive PUBG is and it will never change. Also the worst gunplay that i have ever experienced."
,Not Recommended,578080,34753236,Posted: 5 September,all,DESSIMBELACKIS,"Recent offical communication from bluehole developers state that Australia will not be getting OCE servers for first person mode, effectively not allowing oceanic custoemrs to experience the full game as other regions are able to enjoy first person mode.If you are an Australian or someone in the oceanic region - BEWARE - bluehole will happily take the same amount from you that other regions who get first person mode pay and not give you effectively half of the game.Shame on this dev"
76561198066619330,Recommended,578080,33141232,Posted: 2 July,all,Sevrendt,good
76561198018145206,Recommended,578080,32792989,Posted: 25 June,all,Stevie Highroller,This game is good as♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,578080,34007680,Posted: 3 August,all,BAWB.BAGET,3rd person tree hiding is so fun
,Not Recommended,578080,34008005,Posted: 3 August,all,Coach,"Devs more focused on implementing microtransactions than keeping the servers from crashing, don't support these slimy business practices."
76561198047633346,Not Recommended,578080,33809541,Posted: 26 July,all,"Step up to me, I'll dropkick you","The developers backed out on promises made to the community regarding the early access state. They are liars, and are planning on implementing a ripoff microtransaction system of CSGO that is purely a cash grab. Don't buy until they sort their priorities."
76561198119965948,Not Recommended,578080,34553973,Posted: 28 August,all,TinPan,"This game is so good, and has the potential to easily become one of the most iconic & fresh breaths of air into the gaming industry. . .if it wasn't for the Developers behind it.Right now the Devs have driven away from wanting to add new content into the game & optimise it to ensure that most people regardless of what sort of PC they have to be able to play, opting instead to flooding the game with Micro-Transactions and tailoring the experience purely to twitch users who only have to say ""Please"" to Staff Members in order to get players banned for something they haven't done. Unless you are a popular streamer and/or have quite a bit of money in the bank in order to suit yourself up in clothing that'll let you hide in pretty much every environment, your really not gonna be able to enjoy this game in its entierity.Until that attitude changes and the Devs start to realise that optimisation alongside core gameplay elements comes first & additional content comes later, I can only say this:Don't get it.Not yet."
76561198286951538,Not Recommended,578080,31567828,Posted: 5 May,all,Sir logan of house dayne,"Freezes my entire system every time i try to join a game, wont let me get a refund cuz ""ive played too many hours"". which were hours of me trying to end the program and it not responding. had to unplug my whole damn computer."
,Recommended,578080,34378101,Posted: 20 August,all,LJBLIZZLE,Good simulation of the Bankstown area.
76561198077197637,Not Recommended,578080,33850282,Posted: 28 July,all,Chef Boyardee,adding micro trasactions
,Not Recommended,578080,33808254,Posted: 26 July,all,🚫NO💦SWEATY💦HANDS👐,great game with friends gameplay-wisemoney ♥♥♥♥♥ dev teampls no microtransaction
,Not Recommended,578080,34162733,Posted: 11 August,all,Fergus,"Really like the gameplay, have had a lot of fun.However, as a result of the clear contempt Bluehole have shown for their customers with the paid crate system, among many other things such as bans for trivial things, and having an incredibly subjective, restrictive and unclear rule set in general (possibly the worst rule set I have ever seen in a videogame, it really is that utterly shameful), I absolutely will not recommend this game.Should there be BOTH apologies and >changes< made, I shall change this review to positive, and recommend this game.Seriously, an exploitative paid crate system in EARLY ACCESS?Even in general that would be a sin, go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Bluehole.After this, some serious change will have to take place for me to have any modicum of respect for you.Why respect a company with no respect for their consumers?"
,Recommended,578080,33422221,Posted: 9 July,all,BANDAGE MAN,"This game tests your faith; you pray to your God that you'll win but, in the end you lose.You'll also turn into a hunchback. Heed my advice."
,Recommended,578080,33254407,Posted: 4 July,all,Advanced3,"It's like H1Z1, without the suck."
,Recommended,578080,33508606,Posted: 13 July,all,slopingflame,"play it,feel it.proseverything.consyou will die by a headshot comming from nowhere but you will still play it.overall 11/10"
76561197964291461,Not Recommended,578080,34003255,Posted: 3 August,all,Disturbance,Game is run by a total moron. Overzealous community moderating by a power hungry mod team and dev.
76561198046715523,Recommended,578080,33108351,Posted: 1 July,all,ScoutMaster,Ayyyyyy is a good Vidyagam with the buds
,Not Recommended,578080,34856705,Posted: 10 September,all,ShadowStalker™,"If they fix their game, Ill fix my review :)"
76561198196701283,Not Recommended,578080,34753385,Posted: 5 September,all,jinx,"Banning people for cussing over the mic and camping, just bc a streamer told so, its so dumb haha. If, this goes on this game has no future in esports. And we pay 30$ for nothing? Hacks deserve ban not cuss and camps. Grow up devs, later! Lets see how many more copies can you sell."
76561197995314932,Recommended,578080,34864058,Posted: 10 September,all,Privilage Checker,"is fun game, needs to have more more underwear variety as i do not wear pants, please add new colour of underwears..the best would be if they had poo stains in them.. much appreciated"
,Recommended,578080,33632400,Posted: 18 July,all,AlfaNick,"Although many have a rather dismissive approach (like but lag, cool but slow) I think PU and blue hole have struck gold here.This game to me has all the perks of a wonderfully well balanced game. Its fun yet competitive. Anyone with a medium to high spec PC will certainly enjoy this game.Pros:- fun- competitive- highly rewardingCons:- lower end PCs will struggle- loading time can be an issueAll in all I can say this is one of my favorite games. It gives so much more that the mod based battle royales. Bravo PU, bravo!"
,Recommended,578080,33939837,Posted: 31 July,all,Blue,"Great gameplay!In my opinion PUBG beats H1Z1 and the Arma III mod by far! Better gun-play, better vehicles and more fun! Definately buy this game!"
,Recommended,578080,34030672,Posted: 4 August,all,nikrodox,Extremely addictive. Extremely fun. Extremely realistic. One of the best early-access games I've ever seen so far! HIGHLY recommend with friends!
,Recommended,578080,34061309,Posted: 6 August,all,connn3,He ProtecHe AttacBut most importantlyHe put pan on his Bac
76561198241939626,Not Recommended,578080,34248620,Posted: 14 August,all,isaackershner999,"I love this game other than the fact that it runs so poorly and it being easier to play the game on low settings because its an exploit, this game is freaking fun WITH FRIENDS! However, the newly introduction of microtransactions is just dumb. They say its for funding but its the top seller on steam! Also so many people are getting banned for no reason! Just the other day I was looking i had a ton a lot of BP and was thinking of getting the special crate this month. So I did. But... after you purchace it you are required to BUY A KEY. I did not know until i went back that it says in small grey writting under the pack that you will have to do this! So I bought the key to open my already payed for crate. AND I GOT A PAIR OF SKATER SHOSE!! PLAYERUNKNOWN, CHECK YOURSELF!"
,Recommended,578080,34101032,Posted: 8 August,all,SibunA,This is my all new favourite game. At times it can be frustrating but I genuinely believe the developers are trying very hard to make a great experience. People who are complining about microtransactions for PURELY COSMETIC ITEMS are just finding something to be butthurt about.This game is better supported than CS:GO for ♥♥♥♥s sake which is plagued with PURELY COSMETIC microtransactions but nobody seems to care about that. lolI recommend this game completely.
,Recommended,578080,33745817,Posted: 23 July,all,Trux「オタク」,Battle Royale at its FinestPros:- Lots of intense and heart pounding moments!!- Kills are satisfying !!- Better than H1Z1 !!- Weapon variety & customization !!Cons:- Optimization.- Sound FX.- Vehicles Physics.- Sometimes Laggy.
,Recommended,578080,34226917,Posted: 13 August,all,Deceasedpixel,"Let me get one thing straight first:PUBG is in it's alpha stages.This means that is still hasa lotof work to go through.My (Alpha) ReviewPUBG is a lot of fun. I usually don't trust Early Access Games (*cough* *cough* Hurtworld *cough*) but my reason for purchasing it is that even if it were abandoned, it would still be a pretty fun game. It has some cool components such as weapon customization, vehicles, cosmetics, and supply drops. It has solo, duo, and team modes (and First Person solo, duo, and squad modes) that can either be played with friends, or randos that the game automatically matches you with. In my experience, most of them have had microphones, which is cool. They never teamkill because the teamkill rules areWAYstrict. In the beginning of every game you can hear ALL of the mics, and it's both annoying and hilarious. There was one time when someone asked a guy named John to get on Discord, and then replies came in saying, ""Yeah John, get on Discord."" and ""John you're so stupid, just get on Discord."" Soon enough, around 50 people were all telling John to get on Discord. Also, there are some problems with this game. One of them is that people with ♥♥♥♥♥ier computers have the upper hand, as less foliage is visible and shadows are more distinct. This means that people hiding in bushes are easier seen by people running their computer at ""Very Low"" settings. Another issue is that there are constant framedrops and network lags that sometimes (very rarely due to recent updates) render the game unplayable unless you start a new game. A few things I personally want at the time of release of this game are around 3 maps, more vehicles, (including different kinds of vehicles, like maybe helicopters that can be shot down) distinct foliage for all players, a small crafting system, and an attach button when picking up items.Overall, At Its Current Stage, I Give This Game A 7.5/10.You should definitely get this game, but be weary that there are a lot of problems and patience is key with this game. If you're here to know either PUBG or H1Z1, PUBG is the better choice. If you're kinda skeptical, wait until a sale and get it for like 10 or 15 bucks. Then it's definitely worth it."
76561198101154252,Not Recommended,578080,34309149,Posted: 17 August,all,Flappy tits,"This game should be removed from steam, it's the ♥♥♥♥♥est game ive ever played"
76561197983634295,Not Recommended,578080,34406258,Posted: 21 August,all,Exorcist_1986,"I don´t understand how this badly optimized ""game"" gets so much attention?"
,Recommended,578080,33821381,Posted: 26 July,all,2CHEB,"Stop reading reviews, BUY THE DAMN GAME!!!!"
76561198125426606,Not Recommended,578080,34363476,Posted: 19 August,all,EBDB Prime,♥♥♥♥♥GAME!
76561198047181512,Not Recommended,578080,34363592,Posted: 19 August,all,AdorableStrawberries,"Pre-Aplha right? So thats why I cant load into a lobby. I can excuse a few glitches, but not being able to play the game is not one of them."
76561198045651241,Not Recommended,578080,34207178,Posted: 12 August,all,Woody,"This game is amazing I love playing it but that being said the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥even with my 1070, constant crashes and glitches and network lag. See I wouldnt mind it normally on a Early Access Game but they have the ♥♥♥♥ing gauls to charge keys for crates and doing questionable bans means that I just cant recommend this game it kinda BS"
,Not Recommended,578080,34363527,Posted: 19 August,all,Cool Chicken,servers are garbage cannot connect time out at every loading screen
76561198083540038,Not Recommended,578080,33902366,Posted: 30 July,all,Speet,"Okay this game has  potential,but has many problems,the servers are laggy(often offline),the hitreg is sometimes broken,not optimalized at all..but hey its fine cuz its an early acces right?..... I were affraid this game cuz the early acces, i learnd my lessons from DayZ(F**ck u Brian),before i bought it i looked after what the peoples opinion about the devs etc. and it was very positive,its seemd like they kept their words... so i purchased.... But MAN THEY PROMISED THEY WILL NOT ADD MICRO STUFF BEFORE THE FULL RELEASE,AND WHAT COMING IN THE NEXT PATCH? Did u make your guess?YES MICRO TRANSACTIONS!!!  F*CK i had trust in these DEVS,they solld 4million copys of this game made tons of money, and with that money they not try to improve the game or anything NOT TO MAKE A ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY MAKER PLATFORM.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL IT GETS FULL RELEASED. and this were my last early acces buy.The whole system is broken,the devs just spend your money on cocain and ♥♥♥♥♥es...(which is not problem at all until they keep their promises)"
,Recommended,578080,32927810,Posted: 28 June,all,кеке,Minun mielipide tästä pelistä on se että tämä on ihanmukava peli ja tätä on mukava pelata mukavasti!
,Recommended,578080,31454322,Posted: 29 April,all,Gwynbleidd,"I don't usually write reviews for Early Access titles, but this game has *a lot* of potential if the developers continue to make progress and don't abandon the title like most seem to do. I'll try and keep things short and sweet.Pros:- If you like DayZ's PvP, then you'll enjoy this. It's essentially more of the same, except without zombies.- The map is reasonably sized so that, although there will be periods you don't encounter anyone, you're never really too far away from a threat.- By extension of the above, since you skydive from a plane and that plane is randomly positioned, there's more variation in your starting experience.- The mad rush to find weapons at the start, especially if you land in a hotzone, is thrilling.- Weapon variety is good and are not too scarce, with some of the more powerful weapons requiring effort to obtain.- Vehicle variety is good and not too scarce.- The playable radius of the map decreases over the time, funneling people into a hotzone closer to the end of the round.- Generally good performance. I can run on Ultra 60fps with a GTX 980, I5-4670k OC'd 4.2GHz.- Sound and animations are pretty much spot-on.Cons:- Although you shouldn't really expect it in this type of game, don't expect players to be nice. If you've not found a weapon and some guy comes across you with an assault rifle, you are dead.- Similarly, players are incredibly annoying over voice chat. Mute.- By extension, voice broadcast is ""On"" by default and can potentially give away your position.- Numerous bugs, crashes, performance issues on occassion. To be expected with an Early Access game, but worth mentioning nontheless.- Hit detection is hit-and-miss; sometimes all your shots will make contact, sometimes not. Desync issues cause players not to take damage etc.- Cheaters / hackers. Yes, they exist. Anyone who tries to convince you otherwise is either a hacker themselves or ignorant to how multiplayer video games or computer systems actually work.- Although the use of Unreal Engine 4 is good, I find the graphics to be pretty lacklustre.Potential Improvements:- I would like to see more map varieties. I'm tired of ""Generic Island"" and miles of farm yards / forestland. Give us snow!- I honestly think they should implement a seperate PvPvE mode where, say, wild animals are a threat and you have to eat/drink.- More vehicle, clothing and weapon variety, but doubless these will come in time.Comparsions:- I haven't played H1Z1, but most people seem to be thinking it's better.- This game is essentially what DayZ should have been, without zombies, and is already much better. The smaller map and lack of survival elements outside of PvP combat lend itself to a much tigher, engaging experience. Bothemia Interactive REALLY dropped the ball with DayZ which is unfortunate, though not suprisingly given how much of a money maker it was. If PUBG continues to get updated regularly and with plenty of content, then it will stand the test of time.Verdict:If you're on the fence, especially with it being an Early Access title, then I don't blame you. Although the game has had support since release, such can be said about previous titles that have become incredibly popular only to die a death. For what my opinion is worth, I am confident that this is a product worth investing in purely for the current experience alone."
,Not Recommended,578080,33863492,Posted: 28 July,all,thekevo27,"This game is nowhere near being completed and is still very buggy and EXTREMELY unoptimized yet it seems as if the dev team has switched over to focusing on cosemetic cash grabs rather than continuously fixing bugs, which gathered the large amount of community support this game had just a few weeks ago. The developer promised no microtransactions during early access, but lo and behold, they are going to be coming to the game in the next patch. Not cool."
,Not Recommended,578080,33828802,Posted: 27 July,all,Cletus,Adding microtransactions!!!
,Not Recommended,578080,34719721,Posted: 3 September,all,Bear nigga,Fun game but it has autistic devs who ban random people and add new guns instead of fixing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rendering bugs
,Not Recommended,578080,34192919,Posted: 12 August,all,Lhama,"Well Well. Lets get started.Is the game good? Yes and No. Good because the dev aactually send monthly patches and try to solve the problems of the game. Bad because it still have a lot of bugs for a 100 million game.About the microtransactions. People who are downvoting the reviews about microtransactions dont get the point.We are not mad because some cosmetic itens, we are mad because the dev, who CLEARLY STATED AND PROMISED (YES, PLAYER UNKNOWN HIMSELF STATED - caps because some people dont know how to read) that microtransactions would be only implemented after early acess, on full release.https://battlegrounds.gamepedia.com/Frequently_Asked_Questions_(FAQ)Thats why we are mad, this dev is one of us, was one of us, he is a modder, community had faith in him, but he failed to be a different one. He failed on keeping his promises. he failed on his own word.Dont believe on that BS of charity and tournaments. This game is on EA,  tournaments should only be held after full release so no one lose to some BS glitch. About charity, prety funny hun? Steam gets a 15% cut on that ""CHARITY"". Charity for steam employes i suppose.About the BAN WAVES.Yes, people are reporting being banned for killing streamers, honking their horns on areas where a streamer is (without even knowing a streamer was there). My advice? Check if a streamer is playing, if any of them are, then go play something else.Do i reccomend this game? I cant. Its a fun game, especially with friends. But, we cant guarantee that the dev will actually keep any of the other promises. I actually think, you should wait some time and see if PLAYER UNKNOWN remembers who he actually is. One of us. A modder. Someone who defended the gaming community."
76561198038766654,Not Recommended,578080,34203967,Posted: 12 August,all,anime is trash and so am i,"This game is, at least in it's technical aspects, like my life.A complete train wreck. It has constant FPS drops, the map loads while you land and the result is huge stuttering, etc.It's a shame because gameplay-wise this is a lot of fun.In it's current state (which is alpha, so I have hope), I cannot recommend this game for 30€. Get it on sale or something."
,Recommended,578080,34189899,Posted: 12 August,all,No_Limits,"I dont understand the negative reviews. The devs are patching the game with bugs and optimizations every week and hotfixes for important stuff so saying they arnt prioritizing is bs. Second these paid crates are an alternative option to the new crates (the free ones) that they added let alone the fact that the stated the the profits are going to charity and a prize pool. Third the crates came out in a monthly update (which are the big ones) along with tones of other stuff so saying that there trying not caring about the game is wrong. Lastly yes the devs said that there would be no paid content in early access but comon its clear that they dont need anymore money right now since they made millions on launch im sure they need it for the prize pool and charity with a small amount of funds going towards the game.Its a very fun game even with friends and you can either give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about winning and have a equally good time as trying to win. Over 500,000 current players finding lobbies is not hard.So ignore the bad reviews!!"
,Recommended,578080,34902158,Posted: 12 September,all,Soviet Danny,"As you can see. I've invensted a LOT of time into this game. Here are my basic thoughts I've thrown together while sleep deprived and my eyes burning like hell from playing this game.Pros:- Great concept- 100 player battle royale where the winner is the last team or person standing? What's not to like!- Good gun play.- Compared to games like C.O.D. Or battlefield, this game blows the other two out of the water in my opinion. I don't dislike hitscan but knowing theres a level of skill around when you're getting shot up inspires some faith.- MASSIVE map. About 64 sq km of map space in total (I think I'm pretty bad at math but it sounds about right) with new maps constantly being worked on.- Technically there is vehicle combat but it's a little difficult to aim while in the passanger seat. Obviously this is not easy enough in real life, driving 80+kmph and trying to maintain accuracy is not an easy task. Same for the boats but I find boat combat a little easier.- Pretty funny interactions with other players.- I've chatted with dead people!Cons:- Wierd developer practices- I'm looking at you games con crates- Banning people for ""Stream sniping"" in a game where you're dropped into random servers each time. Yeah a little ♥♥♥♥♥♥.- ""Locking"" new guns off in the care package drops via planes. I say this because there's a good chunk of guns stuck in the create that other ""World"" guns can do the same task but look different and don't require you to go to the most obviously location where people will be (Seriously if you've played the game you know the crates attract a lot of eyes). Obviously the AWM (One- shot sniper except in the body if wearing high level body armor) deserves to stay in the crate for balance reasons as does the M24 and the M249 but the MK14 doesn't really bring a whole lot to the table. I feel it's on par with the SKS except it has a highly inaccurate full auto firing mode. Sure it's got the bipod but it's EXTREMELY Situational.- Heavily RNG based- Chances are you're going to have a few situations where RNG will ruin your run. Think like dropping at the military barracks and finding nothing but 12g shotguns and pistols.- Early Access- Need I say more about this? Since the game is early access you'll run into stability issues and lag. A lot. On top of that there isn't a whole lot of content right now. One map and not too much variety in the guns but the situations you find yourself in will feel a little different each time.- Ear destruction.- You WILL have your ears destroyed by people in all chat when the game starts. (seriously I get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed in every lobby. I'm guilty of it too but be aware it is a thing)- ""Pro"" tip: CTRL + T mutes chat and CTRL + M will mute the master volume but not chat. Useful when you begin the game in an extremely loud plane. Which is to be expected but I'm pretty sure I'm half deaf now.- Stiff player movement- Note: I am writing this before the vaulting mechanic releases. The player movement feels very restricted and sluggish at times. I get we're supposed to be a normal person but still there's been times where I know as a normal person you could jump over (Insert world object here)- I'm looking at you shin high barbed fences by the rural areas.TL;DR- I recommend the game but just know there are faults with it. As with any game. It's not perfect but it's a lot of fun and consistently improving."
,Not Recommended,578080,34671535,Posted: 1 September,all,Doug Dimmadome,"The game is great, but it waent downhill when the devs went all SJW and restricted what could be said. I love it, but it's sad to say that I'll never support or play this game again."
76561197991438255,Not Recommended,578080,32306450,Posted: 9 June,all,GreazyWop,"Really fun game but cheating is out of controll.  Just go to you tube you will see hundreds of cheatign vids.  Aim bots, radar hacks.  Worse if you try to bring up issue on PUBG froum they ban u so untill they grow up do not buy"
76561198041929428,Not Recommended,578080,35364096,Posted: 30 September,all,Eaves12,"Streamers are people, a lot of people would get mad when they lose, and most streamers are kids, they get mad, but the difference is, these kids have people that listen to them when they whine.Streamers being salty is so incredibly common, it happens in every game, so when the devs actually start banning people because some streamer said they were sniped is sad, the game runs like a$$ and instead of optimization, the devs ban people and release loot boxes that they PROMISED they wouldnt do until the game's release.a word to the wise, Fortnite is free, and runs like a dream, and is incredibly fun."
,Recommended,578080,34258817,Posted: 15 August,all,Blood Moon,Shotgunned by my own teammate because I had better loot.10/10 goty
,Recommended,578080,34044089,Posted: 5 August,all,WetWetson,"Game is great.  Micro transactions dont' bother me, as they don't effect gameplay at all.  I'm not sure why everyone is complaining."
76561198069860606,Not Recommended,578080,34022218,Posted: 4 August,all,Richard Jokes,"If you've seen this played on twitch and are considering buying it, do yourself a favor and wait. There are loads of issues with this game that still need to be addressed and if your not an EA person, just wait it out. The game is quickly being overhyped and honestly, it isn't that great.The gameplay for combat mechanics isn't the best and some balance issues still need to be worked out and to top it off, the maker is inserting microtransactions for cosmetics after specifically saying that he wouldn't do this until the game was completed. AKA, you can't trust what the maker says. He's clearly money mongering.I'll come back to this some time when the game isn't suffering from major lag problems that we were assured were addressed."
,Not Recommended,578080,33880255,Posted: 29 July,all,Mike Tyson,"♥♥♥♥ microtransations, you made your money already. Now let us enjoy this game on equal terms!"
76561197982168079,Not Recommended,578080,34068488,Posted: 6 August,all,Dr.Spank M.D.,"The game is fun hands down. But since this new update people are getting banned left and right for no legit reason at all. I dont even know why I got banned because it didnt give me a reason. Others are getting banned for harrassment for using the horn on the vehicles? Like really?Ive had a lot of fun with this game but im banned now and im done. Cant even get a response from anyone on the PUBG forums. No devs...mods...admins....NOTHING. But ah who cares....im just a consumer that helped you get to where you are now right? Even brought over a bunch of people I know to buy the game from you. Guess what? One of them got banned as well for getting too many kills.Wait...What?Too many kills? YES, you heard me right...for playing the game ""good"" its a friggin issue.Oh and now your microtransactions before full release.....smdh.....you followed down the rabbit hole like every other Early Access title and lied to us. Kindly go slit your wrists the correct way. We wouldnt want you failing at killing yourself too."
76561197967310896,Not Recommended,578080,33888531,Posted: 29 July,all,Hurdy Gurdy Man,"The game has a lot of serious flaws for an EA title aside from the Xbox-live like community of teenage n00bs/angry adolescents  that plague the servers...hey devs, instead of creating new cosmetic player items why don't you:Fix frag grenadesFix shooting out of windowsFix guns/players clipping through wallsOh and uhhh...Optimize the netcode !?The End."
,Recommended,578080,31276158,Posted: 21 April,all,Cubituss,"I enter a small house, the only one in a small village that is closed. ""Wonder why this one was closed"", I say to myself. 30 seconds later I know why as I am blown away by a guy who camped in the toilet with a shotgun.I love how those small stories just write themselves each time I start the game."
,Not Recommended,578080,34225371,Posted: 13 August,all,Chief Queef™,This is the best game ever. Definitely Esport ready!
76561198031846677,Not Recommended,578080,34722166,Posted: 3 September,all,0Dlaw,-You need some supercomputer to run this game with playable fps.-Servers are really laggy.-Hit reg is absolutely terrible.-Some really unfair factors.-There is already Arma 3 battleroyale which does battleroyale game mode wayyy... better.
,Recommended,578080,34067261,Posted: 6 August,all,✪ illyasviel -ubw-,Hunger games <3
76561197969073227,Not Recommended,578080,34724441,Posted: 3 September,all,Frasier,Too many cheaters...done with the game.
76561198011709955,Not Recommended,578080,33996815,Posted: 3 August,all,ʬDaberlue ☢,Microtransaction in Early Access? Get the game running proper before grabbing cash.
,Recommended,578080,30694851,Posted: 23 March,all,Jeffaira,"Use a god damn fudging mic if you're playing duo/sqaud!Don't be a failed abortion.You know who you are, you utter melt!"
,Not Recommended,578080,35040430,Posted: 18 September,all,Snail,Early access flavor of the month meme game
,Not Recommended,578080,34206344,Posted: 12 August,all,Simon Bordeyne,"The review is negative dedspite some mixed feelings about this game. I enjoy it a lot. Sure, you need a monster PC to get it to run (console gaming for this game ? gl bluehole), but it's improving, after all it's early access.What is not okay : microtransactions, rules about teamkilling a teamkiller getting you a ban, game-breaking bugs that are not fixed ASAP, and you get banned for experiencing the bug (see Destiny getting banned). Bluehole is treating the community like♥♥♥♥♥♥ just because the game's exploding doen't mean you don't need a PR guy, Plunk...Of course, it's early access, it's bound to have some bugs, and performance issues, but banning someone for experiencing bugs, retaliating at teamkillers, and not doing anything about cheaters, that is not okay. A few months ago, you'd encounter a cheater every 6-10 games, (5 cheaters out of a 1000, reasonable, playable) now, it's more like 5 cheaters every game. I was in Rozhok the other day with my buddy, this guy, despite strategizing to get out of here before getting rekt by its SKS, tracked us down, got 10 meters right behind us, despite us having a 200m headstart. No kidding. 360, 4 headshots, 5 seconds, we were dead. Like, a ♥♥♥♥ing spinbot on top of walls (yes he actually tried to shoot through the wall of a house he couldn't have seen us walk into (door on the other side, first story windows hidden from its vantage point...). This guy is still not banned afaik. it's been 2 weeks (and a number of other guys blatantly using radar hacks and no recoils, even saw a guy with a kar98 that had the RoF of an SKS...).Now for the good parts : the game is fun if you don't encounter any issue listed above. You get to loot, get to improve at the game, play with your friends, rekt some noobs, and there's so much variety, no round looks alike. One time you have a sniper and an AR, others you make do with an UMP and a shotgun. Sometimes, you hardly have to move, others, you are racing the circle. You friends are your worst enemies, or your best allies. It's good fun, unless you encounter game breaking bugs, crashes, FPS drops with a NASA computer.Update : It getting more and more ridiculous. I'd advise against buying it right now. Their solution to their unoptimized game is to cap the FPS at 60. Yes. You heard. A hard cap at 60 FPS. But it's not even the worst. The worst is that when you experience frame drops, with that cap you go from 60 to 40 even 30, even if, previously, I ran the game at 120 FPS, with the occasionnal drop at 90 (which I can totally live with). Servers are getting more and more unstable, you get connections issues all the time, lag spikes (I got 300/150 Mbps, so not on my end) from the servers. They obviously don't test their game thoroughly before releasing a patch (the build is tested on the test servers for around 8-12 hours...).Don't even try to play solo, because you'll get a tremendous amount of cheaters and bug abusers. Not worth the money. It feels more and more like a money grab. The hidden ranking system will also drive you crazy : you did a couple games where you did well and had some fun ? Welcome to new servers where you'll see even more cheaters, on top of dudes that play 24/7. I call that the ""you can't have fun bro, this is an esports game"" when it obviously never will be."
76561198036903013,Not Recommended,578080,34149925,Posted: 10 August,all,[∞BR] Spooky Skeleton,game sux
76561198056448257,Not Recommended,578080,34653587,Posted: 1 September,all,TeemoGod671,Game is insanely fun. but beware the devs suck the Streamer's private parts. You will be banned if a streamer  says so. players have been banned for honking the car horn at a streamer even though its unintentional . players have been banned because streamers cry they are getting streamed sniped. seriously.
,Recommended,578080,34849114,Posted: 9 September,all,Zoofie,Death Simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,578080,31209482,Posted: 17 April,all,Cons,needs optimization and fps only mode
,Not Recommended,578080,34069534,Posted: 6 August,all,bevanz,Not sure why the would try and ruin this game with greed. Not a good driection they are headed.
,Recommended,578080,31094166,Posted: 12 April,all,pants csgrø.com,This feeling envokes a tension and emotion that I have not felt from a shooting game in a long♥♥♥♥♥time.
,Not Recommended,578080,34471671,Posted: 24 August,all,Emil,"Broken promises, added transactions, questionable staff choice, unfair bans, slow development. What a mess which is a shame because the core game is good."
76561198084730706,Not Recommended,578080,34865518,Posted: 10 September,all,BuffBobSquarePants,"Broken foot steps, sometimes able to hear them sometimes not. Game requires much more consistency throughout."
,Recommended,578080,34885870,Posted: 11 September,all,Universe,1. Join a match.2. Die to a camper behind the tree.3. Think about the meaning of life.4. ♥♥♥♥ it let's play another match.5. Oh it's 5 a'clock already.Still love it!
,Recommended,578080,34995121,Posted: 16 September,all,=H=ColdZero,"After playing the game for a while, I can recommend it to everyone who is thinking about buying it. At the beginning the game has a big frustration potential since it's pretty hard and the controls are slightly different to other games. But if you give yourself some time you'll definitely enjoy it and will go through some pretty intense rounds.Now go and get yourself some Chicken Dinner !!"
,Not Recommended,578080,35417502,Posted: 2 October,all,plus7even,Needs serious performance and server optimization!FPS drops all the time! (even with decent hardware)Server and connection issues everywhere!I would like to see a stable game with more maps + guns + game modes but NOT AT THIS HARDWARE REQ!60 FPS on a minimal req. config should be a thing!
,Not Recommended,578080,35457726,Posted: 3 October,all,Blizzardliam,"The idea of this game is amazing and the game can sometimes be enjoyable, but the players need to soak their lady parts out in the bath tub or something, because everyone runs away from fights like I’m Hitler"
,Not Recommended,578080,34520685,Posted: 26 August,all,Soaring Spoon,A game that goes out of its way to protect streamers is doing it wrong. Many other publishers make it up to the streamer to set a delay or just deal with what comes. Banning on the off chance that you might have stream sniped is stupid. There is no way to 100% prove anyone is stream sniping and innocent players are deff getting banned. This is such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rule to try to cling to the Twitch streaming community. Once the new hottness takes over PUBGS will lose the streamers no matter how hard they try to pamper them. Change the rule.
76561198060525569,Not Recommended,578080,34061828,Posted: 6 August,all,thundercraker,"Technical Issues. It's early access/aplha so to an extent Im am willing to overlook technical issues, but for me this game was unplayable. I really gave it a chance but it just wasnt possible to play. Buyer beware. I would rather not pay before making sure the game works on your PC."
,Recommended,578080,34873347,Posted: 10 September,all,starwarsman78,I am not normally into battle royal games. But this I am into. The mechanics are ok for the most part. I have mostly been playing solo and I am really enjoying it. I highly recommend this game for anyone regardless of what you usually play.
,Recommended,578080,30941510,Posted: 4 April,all,durdz,G.O.A.T
,Not Recommended,578080,33861007,Posted: 28 July,all,BunnyOnRoids,I really enjoy this game; but microtransactions during Early Access in a game that already costs $30?
76561198058899295,Not Recommended,578080,34816826,Posted: 8 September,all,Gritzan,"Game is nice, but terribly optmized and the recent biased and proofless bans are and should be scaring people.Don't buy this until the streamers stop bossing the devs around, or you risk being banned if you kill one of said streamers in a match.Yes, it's this ridiculous at the moment."
,Recommended,578080,34896358,Posted: 12 September,all,Vikan,🐔🍽️
76561198281963280,Recommended,578080,34901366,Posted: 12 September,all,✪ SkeleChiCha,Best game ever!! The only game i can explain why i paid 30$ to buy
76561198378772840,Recommended,578080,34920442,Posted: 13 September,all,Anime.watcher.reader,before you buy be sure you can run the game.
,Not Recommended,578080,35145667,Posted: 22 September,all,YoLandiVssr,"Feels terrible. Optimization: terrible. Polish: terrible. Game: terrible.Why is this game so popular? Summit, DrDisrespect! Look what ye have wrought!"
76561198125674143,Not Recommended,578080,34900117,Posted: 12 September,all,MrMarkyFTW,"I hate how the Devs of this game ban people based oppon streamers wishes without any proof, so i will leave a negative review until they sort this♥♥♥♥♥♥out.Love the game BTW, so will change this when you fix your problem."
,Recommended,578080,34904869,Posted: 12 September,all,PAO Poulimaniac,GREAT GAME!
,Not Recommended,578080,35146906,Posted: 23 September,all,Reline,Horrible game.
,Not Recommended,578080,34889847,Posted: 11 September,all,Jossen,"Untill they optimize this game better, and fix all the stuttering and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's hard to recommend this game. This is the only game out of 100+ games that i own that runs like trash. I normally get around 40 fps, which is alright, but it is all the stuttering and freezing that really makes this game hard to recommend."
,Recommended,578080,34905851,Posted: 12 September,all,✪ Kradeca_,10 times better than H1Z1 :)
,Not Recommended,578080,34381817,Posted: 20 August,all,[SGN] Tapper21,"fun but BROKEN, every update they break it more, First person is CANCER, the perspective is that of a 2 foot tall troll and you will run around staring at doorknobs and crotches until you violently throw up everywhere from the constant shaking and hilarious ""did you idiots even try"" depth of field (2 foot tall troll waving a 12 foot long pistol around in front of your own face) And this is all after refreshing the UI 100,000 times and relaunching the game 7 times while standing on one foot with a fork in your left nostril just to get ""connected"" to the loading screen and be able to actually click the play button.... and then chances are once you get your play button to work, someone else in the party will have to start the same process. 30USD was about 25USD more than this Early Access MODE of a game would be worth if it wasn't broken and buggy, but it is broken af...... Battleeye is GARBAGE, there are hackers running rampant, BUT battleeye blocks RivaTuner/Afterburner 50% of the time..... so good to know that CPU temp overlays and not allowed but multihacks are I guess, gg Bluehole on that one.  AND THEN the greedy amateurs can't just be happy with making 150 million dollars despite breaking their promise of ""only being in early access for 6 months"" with their lazy copy pasted game.... they have to start selling crates before they even try and fix the game (breaking another promise of ""never having micro-transactions during early access"")... and do not let any fanboys tell you the proceeds from keys go to charity and to prize pools, LIES!!!!!! massive disclaimer when you go to buy keys ""PARTIAL proceeds from key sales go to charity and prize pools""...... PARTIAL!!!!!!!!! meaning absolutely sweet F*** ALL.  This game should be getting ARK levels of hate and negative reviews for the greed right now but too many fanboys don't care or are too distracted by the ridiculous pixels on their screen that some kid on steam is willing to pay hundreds of dollars for... H1Z1 ALLLLLLLLLLL OVER AGAIN the only difference is it costs more :D"
76561198042814937,Not Recommended,578080,34426350,Posted: 22 August,all,Otamegane,"In game main menu has been broken for over 2 months. After weeks of trying to find an answer all i got was ""I'ts with the devs to fix"". Absolute joke"
76561198093606205,Not Recommended,578080,35166316,Posted: 23 September,all,Von Wolfrid,"This is good game- Some toxicity-Couple of bugs-Good gameplay-Active devs?-Much Potential-Chinese and Koreans on NA servers?-People that will accuse you of ''Stream Sniper''-Need to have patience, and strategy to win.-No rank ( If any devs a reading this , please, dont put ranked games in, that will attract a hella lot of wannabee part of championship and toxic people that will ruin the overall ''good'' gameplay experience)-Devs put microtransaction when they said they wouldnt , When they told us that they wont be anything like that, They had my praises for not being moneygrabbing ******* , but now look, even tho this game is early access and cost at least 30$ CAD , and that the player base is now huge, they got back on theyre word and they put microtransactions, plus theyre banning tons of people for no ''REAL REASON'' . Now , even tho I enjoy playing sometimes, this led me to conclude that the game WAS fun, promising,with good devs, and a decent community. Now its just fun.....but everything else is slowly sinking in the dark abyss of business. I find it sad. Truly"
76561198394544799,Not Recommended,578080,35185398,Posted: 24 September,all,Colderbrew,"garbage development, gets worse with each update. blueballs entertainment"
76561198283268379,Not Recommended,578080,34830321,Posted: 8 September,all,Lu Bu,"The streamers have priority on this game.  I really liked it at first but now people can't enjoy the game without getting banned if they get irritated at somebody, even for the smallest thing.  Never happened to me personally either,  so it isn't just me being bitter.  I think it's just wrong that in a massive deathmatch game, you have people abusing the ""report system"" and I think streamers need to be put into check.TL ; DRStreamers abuse the report system and have this game held hostage.  It's like the moba genre, you can't say anything at all to people or they will report you.  Streamers were being targeted in team games by people who dont like them so they died by FF, and now they threw tantrums so that the game lost the feeling of ""freedom"" it once had and the 99% of players who aren't jerks suffer for it."
,Recommended,578080,34903680,Posted: 12 September,all,Flexi_01,"Very nice game, Creators are acting really quick on the community´s wishes, and bugs found!"
76561198093800703,Not Recommended,578080,35068731,Posted: 19 September,all,Colt 45,Added microtransactions before adding the abilty to climb ladders <<<<
,Not Recommended,578080,35461167,Posted: 3 October,all,EndGame,"I'm not sure what the hype is about this game. Janky movement, less than mediocre graphics, and a pretty toxic playerbase. Hit detection is pretty brutal, too. I wouldn't reccomend this game in its current state. Spend your $30 elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,578080,35008517,Posted: 16 September,all,SMacKK,"Sometimes when I'm fully kitted, in the last circle, riding the blue line, then get killed by a shotgun who is prone in a bush I think to myself...wonder what else I could be doing right now rather than wasting my time with this. It's unoptimized. Mechanics are still eh. Cannot jump over a foot wall without a jump crouch key bind. You still take damage from jumping out of a vehicle moving 2mph. Some games I feel that hitboxes are broken as my crosshair was clearly on their head. This game is a whole lot of looting and a whole lot of dying. Be prepared to rage. Even when you do win what do you get? 1200 Battle Points? Wow. So I can open up a crate that costs 4200 and get the same striped shirt I received in my last crate. GAME LITTY AF 12/10 TBH"
,Not Recommended,578080,33000423,Posted: 29 June,all,perna de aço,"This is the worst game I've ever played. Gameplay wise, it's great, it's really fun, specially when playing with friends, but the developers are complete lazy ♥♥♥♥s.In the first week of the game the developers went on vacation, even though their game doesn't even have decent texture loading. Every match that I play I spend the first 10 minutes trying to load the ♥♥♥♥ing game, and trust me I don't have a toaster as my computer.The numbers of bugs in this game is absurd and even though those bugs persist in EVERY PATCH, they're more worried about releasing this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game for console and starting A ♥♥♥♥ING ZOMBIE MODE! The most ridiculous bug I've ever seen in my life comes from this game, and it's a bug that makes you appear to other players in different parts of the map as if you were sitting inside a vehicle, even though you're somewhere else in the map trying to make this ♥♥♥♥ing game work. In the first month I really did my best to acknowledge that this is a early access game, but just like every other early access game it fails to deliver what it promises. The RAM problem is ridiculous, if you have less then 16gb the game just doesn't ♥♥♥♥ing load correctly, and that is exactly why this game is a complete joke.This is ridiculous and everyone in the game team should feel ashamed of their job.I really, really, really wanted to like this game, as I said, it's really fun gameplay wise, but the technical issues with this game are absurd and should never exist in a game that sold this many copies.To the developers, you are all a bunch of moneygrabbing lazy people."
76561198142199644,Not Recommended,578080,34745061,Posted: 4 September,all,Perkeleen hyvä pelaaja,laggy♥♥♥♥♥♥poor♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198095151494,Not Recommended,578080,34240302,Posted: 14 August,all,200g of sadghetti,"As of recent updates this game has become literally unplayable.After jumping out of the plane all the buildings will be unenterable and not at all rendered, and when they finally do my game freezes up.I understand this is early acess but there should at least be some standard of playablitity.Shouldn't have to upgrade my already good hardware to play a game on lowest settings."
76561197969756446,Not Recommended,578080,33981067,Posted: 2 August,all,[GUT] RiDiK®,"Mildy fun, for $30 I would still say its not worth it. Many things are glitchy as hell. Have randomly taken damage from i don't knnow and have died even when sitting in an inclosed room with no windows. Game is for sure questionable on sketchy players possibly hacking."
,Not Recommended,578080,33990008,Posted: 3 August,all,Cruxiaer,$2.50 for a key for a early access game?
76561197984172282,Not Recommended,578080,35162089,Posted: 23 September,all,koneke,Low/very low settings and my computer has the minimum specs. Lags very much and takes 3 minutes for the buildings to render. Not okay! Negative review.
,Not Recommended,578080,34824419,Posted: 8 September,all,ouroesa,I really dont understand why people like this game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics and gunplay and revolves more around luck than skill. Probably so popular because so many people have a gambling addiction.
,Recommended,578080,31623775,Posted: 8 May,all,Lurkki,"In a nutshell:Solo: Campers, campers everywhere.Duo: Fun if you bring a friend.Squad: Cluster♥♥♥♥.Pros:- Fun- Noice graphicsCons:- Get shot in the head altough you are already in cover.- Laggy8/10 would play again."
,Recommended,578080,32390001,Posted: 13 June,all,✠♆ L u c i f e r ♆✠,Imagine a game that's better than H1Z1.
76561198000910433,Not Recommended,578080,35461233,Posted: 3 October,all,Bad Pilgrim,"I have played this game a lot... and in my honest opinion this game has huge potential.That being said this game is pretty trash, over 10 million coppies sold and you still have the same issues as when the first batch rolled out.-Server de-sync is horrible-Server item population is dastardly-Overall game optimization is vile (unless your pc is the creme de le creme)-Development is so slow that you wonder what they are doing with all that cash.-Every update is a complete gamble 70% chance of making the game worse or unplayable.(think 3 steps forward 2 steps back)-Petty Devs.but ya if they ever got their♥♥♥♥♥♥together it could be a really good game.- Side note: The last couple of weeks I have seen tons of hackers, shooting through cover seeing through walls, all the usual hacker type of stuff."
,Not Recommended,578080,35498858,Posted: 5 October,all,AnkaraMAN,Bad Server Error Bad Gameplay
,Recommended,578080,30792585,Posted: 28 March,all,Sam,"Oceanic servers coming on Thursday, stay patient and give it some time before bad mouthing it Australian people..."
76561198165342490,Not Recommended,578080,34397875,Posted: 21 August,all,RoomTempNoodles,"I wouldnt make the same mistake I did and but this early access. Theyve made plenty of money as is and arent really putting any of it forward to fix the game, If i were someone interested in this game i would wait til its done, or if it never gets finished which is more than likely true then at least you didnt get suckered into a game that doesnt care for the community.Update: Ahhhhhmazing that i can play 5 back to back matches, loot every house i come across and have only a doulbe barrel to show for it. Great game. Really. I love being at a solid disadvantage all game.Another update: I will continue to not recommend this game to people and leave this review until you actually make this game worth playing. I just randomly recieved a death from the playzone, WHILE being in the safe area. I was still alive however, so i was confused and carried on with my match anyway. I killed 10 people, got to the top three, killed a guy and then it said match over. It placed me in 45th. The lack of attention to detail is obvious and I would not recommend buying this game. At all."
76561197966292171,Not Recommended,578080,34422152,Posted: 22 August,all,TheSaltyOne,"I wanted to like it, i really did. The type of game is appealing. The quasi-realistic way guns work is appealing. The simple nature of being dropped into a field with the goal to be the last one alive is appealing. A truly open & explorable map that allows for a variety of play-styles from close quarters fighting to sniping over open fields. The shrinking circle keeps players moving together and drives the game to an end point so games don't drag on too long. On paper it all seems good. Unfortunately the pieces just didn't come together into actual enjoyable game play.At first i told myself it was just because i was new and learning how it works and it would be more fun when i was better and could win fights. So i practiced until i could win fights, but the fights still weren't overly fun to be in. The initial scramble for weapons in contested drops wasn't fun, the slow start of dropping in a non-contested area wasn't fun, the mid game migration across the map to the white zone & occasionally getting shot wasn't fun, the final 'fight' in the small circle with 5 people either prone in the grass or using 3rd person to hide behind rocks wasn't fun. I kept telling myself the next stage of the game or other approach to playing would be more fun, that i just needed to keep practicing. Eventually it was almost 50 hours into the game which is far, far, far more than it typically takes to work out whether you're ever actually going to start enjoying a game or not, and the fun had just never materialized.Putting aside subjective lack of personal enjoyment, you may enjoy it more than i did, the biggest issue is the third person camera. I will never as long as i live understand exactly what made them think a 3rd person camera that allows you to look around obstacles to track your opponents movement without having to expose yourself at all or give any possibility of them being able to see you back was a good idea for this type of game. The first person servers are infinitely better and more enjoyable, but unfortunately there are no first person servers added for either in my region or in the next closest region.A lot of this is subjective, but I can't recommend a game that i just plain couldn't find any actual enjoyment in. Watching streamers play it was entertaining, short clips or weird things happening posted on reddit were entertaining, playing the game unfortunately was not."
76561198041067403,Not Recommended,578080,34547322,Posted: 28 August,all,Jim Goyim,poorly optimized trash made by some slack jawed coon cant believe this trash is $37
76561198326258523,Not Recommended,578080,35381783,Posted: 1 October,all,W.WHITE,THIS IS A GOOD GAME BUT THE SERVER IS LAG SOMETIME NETWORK LAG ..
,Recommended,578080,35127817,Posted: 22 September,all,jimmyS,too much ram usage its kill'n my 8GB RAM :(but still great Game!!
,Not Recommended,578080,34014095,Posted: 4 August,all,Panzerkampfwagen,"For an Early Access game PUBG is more Early Acess than any other popular Early Access game.The devs promised that there would be no micro transactions, then they changed their mind. This made me not trust the devs. They ruined their game with 1 update, then they released a 500 mb ''Patch'' that didn't change anything, in fact, it made the game run even worse.Breaking your promise, bringing micro transactions in a broken, unfinished game is the best way to get hate. I like this game, but the devs are kinda dumb, going as far as banning a ''Stream Sniper'' without hard evidence of him being guilty. Why? To be honest, i dont know. But then again streamers made their game popular so maybe they bannedan innocent player to suck Shrouds♥♥♥♥♥♥It's a good game, but the devs are kinda, ''Cocky''? I would recommend it, but they really ♥♥♥♥ed up."
,Not Recommended,578080,34369958,Posted: 20 August,all,Shostakovich,"This game still has lots of bugs, and performence issue is a huge problem for most players, but I can expect Devs will fix them in the future.I may update this comment if Devs fixed related issues."
,Not Recommended,578080,34323363,Posted: 18 August,all,etherealAPEX,"has the feel of a game that usually is free. cost me 30$.. but what ever i have made worst purchases. i can ignore that.  what i cant ignore is the fact that lower the quality settings  because it actually makes it easier to spot people YET even then find my self getting shot at from a far followed by trying to figureout which plant is actually not a plant but is a enemy shooting at me.  i  could name so many other flaws but then again im the dumn♥♥♥♥♥that payed for a early access game, but then again.. if its a early access game, why are people getting banned for ""exploits and/or rule breaking""..its obvious to me that this is just a incomplet game. after all the copie thas sold and all the feed back, it still has the ssame issues.. OH YEHA nvm NOW ITS A BATTLEROYAL WITH RULES AND REGULATIONS that can get u banned.?! HAHA.. i thought the point of early access was so that as a develeper you fix the exploits and thank the people that found them?"
76561198354049684,Not Recommended,578080,34417730,Posted: 22 August,all,Faceless,♥♥♥♥ing full of hackers they add stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥and don't fix nothing i could if i get a chance to say to the owner of pubg ps 0 ♥♥♥♥s givinng that his ♥♥♥♥ing dumb and♥♥♥♥♥♥no ones plays this only hackers and also ♥♥♥♥ YOU peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥owner of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game you made AGAIN
76561198000867480,Not Recommended,578080,35322620,Posted: 29 September,all,GeekUSA,"If you like watching a chicken running around with it's head cut off, while still managing to make a mess of everything then this is the game for you.  This game has a ton of potential, but I don't think it will ever reach 50% of it's potential.  The Community Manager is named ""poopie queen.""  That alone should tell you they don't value public relations.I find it strange they patch the product with no announcement at 7PM PST, which is prime time for the west coast.  But again a person named ""Poopie Queen"" is running the PR dept.The game play is terribly optimized.  I have a state of the art system that manages to run everything else made currently at 144FPS solid, yet this game wobbles from 60FPS, to 120FPS.  You can walk into a bld, and 10 seconds later watch loot spawn.  Just go to the bunker at the military base to see for yourself.Hand to Hand combat is laughably bad, as well as any sort of hit registration.  In a recent game, I hit a player point blank with a double barrel shotgun and the shot registered as a hit, with a blood splatter.  The other player recieved no dmg.Audio is lawsuit worthy.  Apple got in trouble for having the ability to dmg hearing.  Notice the term ""ability"".  BlueBalls is ACTIVELY destroying hearing.  Players have reported issues with tinnitus on reddit.  If you start a class action include me.The loot is supposed to be random, but it's far from it.  If you land in a city, you'll probably find the same thing over and over across the whole town.  The red zone makes no sense.  The circles make no sense.This game got overhyped on Twitch, and made a homeless guy seem important for a few days.  If you need any further proof, look at the major tournament in Italy that was recently blocked due to the servers being down."
,Not Recommended,578080,31841571,Posted: 19 May,all,Odinspear,"Junky server, frequent disconnections. Trashy optimization, GTX 1080Ti can't even maintain stable 60fps, GPU load went up to 100%. The game was fun itself, but there was a lot to do for the devs, I don't recommend buying it now, wait until devs get the game optimized."
,Not Recommended,578080,35410816,Posted: 2 October,all,Dicko,"The main menu is a ♥♥♥♥ing webpage with an F5 button in the top right. I've not encountered a game with more crashes and issues with servers than this, yet the developers are sitting on piles of cash worrying about microtransactions. The game is fun when it finally works, but it's hard to recommend it with the amount of headache it's caused."
,Not Recommended,578080,35444750,Posted: 3 October,all,Trueborn,Too expensive for all the Bugs. Whoever develops this game does not earn that money they get.Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,578080,35493889,Posted: 5 October,all,Queuecumber12,"Fun game, quit banning people for playing it."
,Not Recommended,578080,35466633,Posted: 4 October,all,Ritzz,"♥♥♥♥♥game, ♥♥♥♥♥iest developers. Oh ♥♥♥♥ i think i made the devs angry, theyll probably ban me for this review now."
76561198297335334,Not Recommended,578080,31841104,Posted: 19 May,all,Sion [BE],"Bear in mind that this is still an Early Access game, and not the full product.But here is my review, so far:Basically, if you like looting, running, camping/campers, bugs, crashes, rubberbanding, fps drops, desyncs, dying in the most stupid ways possible, this game is for you!If you actually like a lot of action, shooting, tactical fights, this game is somewhat less for you.Pro's and con's:+ Great concept! (okay, nothing new here, but I just like Battle Royale type of games I guess)+ Great weapons! (much variety, add ons, ...)+ Great graphics! (unfortunately I have to run everything on very low to have somewhat decent fps, but okay)- Poor optimization (at this point) --> FPS drops, desyncs, crashes, ...- Clunky overall gameplay (general movement, car physics, ...)- I camp, you camp, he camps, ... If you like this, it's fine, but I'm just not a huge fan of camping strats.- Bugs, bugs, bugs --> Getting stuck in the environment, rubberbanding, shooting inconsistencies, ... you name it, they have it.To sum it up, when it runs fine, this game is nice, but the problem is that, so far, the game just doesn't run fine (for everyone, that is), so you have to deal with a lot of bs, most of the time.So right now, I don't recommend this game. This will probably be a good game once it's fully optimized though.Also, I'd like the last couple of blue circles to progress somewhat slower (to be outrunable), to allow more of a tactical end game finish, because right now it's kinda rng, whoever gets lucky to have the better position at the end has a high chance of winning (most of the time). But this is just a personal opinion, a lot of people are just fine with the circles as they are now, so okay."
,Recommended,578080,31035911,Posted: 9 April,all,Collin,Haven't slept yet.
76561198097804575,Recommended,578080,33211807,Posted: 3 July,all,Kev,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　 ）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
76561198030980531,Not Recommended,578080,34248704,Posted: 14 August,all,ryan_mcgimpsey,"This game is fun but it needs a lot of work. Collision detection is rough. Limited game mode gets boring fast. The pace is very inconsistent. Some games you see no one for 10-15 mins. Other games your dead in the first 30 seconds. When you get shot it can be very difficult to know where it came from, as realistic as that is it can be frustrating. The crate system for unlocking wardrobe items is terrible and unnecessary. Grenade weapons seem ineffective and cumbersome. These issues can all be fixed its early access, so maybe in a few months it will be better.The biggest issue for me is the absolutely toxic community. Upon entering every game you will hear just awful racial slurs, homophobia and vulgarities of such a wide and creative variety that most sailors would cringe. I had to immediatly mute the entire lobby to be able to play. This issue is going to be near impossible for the devs to deal with. Other than banning a significant portion of the players I dont see any other way to fix this issue.The hackers and cheaters are out there, its not every game but they are there and it ruins matches and sours the experience.Ultimately it feels unsatifying, its missing something critical to incentivize people to play. There is a currency system but the crates you buy are full of clothes, im not interested in playing dressup. If the game fixes the issues I will alter my review."
,Not Recommended,578080,33810114,Posted: 26 July,all,Awlie,no to microtransactions with the csgo model (get crate and then have to buy a key to open it)
,Recommended,578080,31311704,Posted: 22 April,all,Jax,Angus get on skype
,Not Recommended,578080,34511987,Posted: 26 August,all,Samishiisung,VERY WELL OPTIMISED GAME 10/10 PERFORMANCE SOLID 60FPS.
,Recommended,578080,34532898,Posted: 27 August,all,Wenach🌔,"Be careful of the purely negative reviews telling you not to buy the game. The ""microtransactions"" they are talking about are going to charity and the winner of a tournament as well as the production of said tournament.So this uproar is over a voluntary situation, where people can choose to spend their money on in-game cosmetic items with the proceeds going to charity and a tournament. There are legitimate concerns, to be sure, but that should not warn people from getting into what is clearly the MP Game of the Year for 2017. Cosmetic microtransactions have zero impact on gameplay. They should also have no impact on your decision to purchase this game right now. $30 for a game I have gotten more out of than any AAA title in years, including the Battlefield series.BTW, most people playing at one time, over 600,000! That was this week. Do not listen to these detractors, buy the game and get in here!edit: I want to thank all of you who have taken the time out your day to read my post and judge it based on the merit that it is attempting to reveal what has and is actually going on with this recent surge of negativity. I will do my best to give an accurate review of this product below based on my experience in the community, both as a player & streamer of this amazing game.REVIEW:skip to the end for TL:DR.Like most of you I was hesitant to purchase this game. Another Early Access title with some janky looking animations as well as some mixed criticism in the ether of Steam's review system. I watched a few streams and bided my time until I felt confident that I was not wasting my money on the chance that it was a good game. I have been head long in the dive ever since and don't expect to hit bottom any time soon.The numerous paths to enjoying this game range from simply learning how everything works and dying a lot in that process, and I do mean a LOT, to being so overcome with adrenaline, emotion and exhilaration when you win that you can't control your body. The adrenaline dump post win is real and I legitimately wish you feel it every game. This game is a rush!There are low points to be sure, but they should only be when you find a bug or encounter poor behavior of another player who might be cheating or teaming. These behaviors have not been part of my experience at all in over 400 hours of play. I can not be certain of the cheating to be sure. But because of my perspective, they have not impacted my judgement on the game one bit. This is just something we as gamers on the PCMR have to deal with, so we accept it and move on. Be aware, PUBG has banned 25k cheaters in the past 3 months. It is out there and they are doing their best to fight it.Let's get into it:Life & Death in the PUBG:You will die, a lot, to things you can not see or hope to control. This is not the extent of the game but the stick hitting you to keep moving so you can grab that carrot. You will have that carrot. Obtaining it is solely based on your actions. You decided where to jump from the plane, what buildings to loot, which items to loot, how much you paid attention to the actions of those around you & the circle. It was your decision that put you on the exterior of the map when the circle fell on the other side of it. You choose to move ahead of the next circle so now you only have to cross part of it in the remaining time you have before it closes again. You are the one that did not ""slice the pie"" in your field of vision to spot the guy sitting by the 3rd tree to your right. You are the only one to move you in front of someone else's gun sights. Understand this simple principle so you will have a far better time while enjoying the hell out of this game.Consider it in the terms of playing Poker. You can learn the game easily enough, but it will take you a lifetime to master. The only thing you can do is learn from your mistakes. Each death is a lesson you can take something away from. Don't repeat your mistakes and you can only get better. Leave the assumption that your death is based on RNG to the uninformed. You are the master of your fate in this game, take control of it.Gunplay:Fast, hard hitting bullet physics with a semi-random pattern of recoil on all weapons makes trigger control & skill a strong factor in determining who wins in the end. I suggest you watch MagnumDopus on youtube for a clearer understanding of how weapons & their attachments operate. Currently, there is no practice range in game other than the starting island with it's selection of weapons on the picnic tables & buildings. This may change in the future of course. It's easy to fly away from the plane after the drop in order to find a piece of the island to loot & practice recoil control.They will be adding a new weapon each month. Yes, they have kept this promise so far.Vehicles:Spawn randomly at predetermined locations across the map with more promised on the way. You can use them to extend your drop range from the plane at the start of a game, allowing you the freedom to loot in peace in the early game while everyone is fighting & dying. Leaving you, hopefully, well prepared for the mid to late game. Or it can be your last gasp at getting in the circle before it slowly kills you.You can fly, 150+ KPH, on the 2 seat bike, do tricks like an X-Games star if you want or ignore them at all costs as they are a loud siren alerting people where to shoot.Fuel isn't an issue if managed well. Reasonable durability, so they can be destroyed if focus fired by a squad or a m249. Having said all that, they are death traps against a good shooter & should be avoided when possible IMO.Sound:Make sure you are using your basic stereo profile when playing this game. 7.1 surround will distort the location of bullet whizzing & the weapon's report making it almost impossible for you to track & locate the shooter.The ambient audio can be incredibly deceiving at times, especially to newer players that may not be used to it. 99% of your actions will create an audible que for those around you to take advantage of. example One & Two. I suggest you pay attention to everything you hear, your mind will filter the noise eventually. This will allow you to pick up on the changes in your environment & keep you alive at the end of the day.Performance:Settings: FOV: 103, SScale:100, AA: High, PP: VL, Shadow: VL, Texture: High, Effects: Med, Foliage: VL, View Dist.: Ultra100+fps @1080p; 80+fps @1440p while streaming @900p, 60fps, 6k bitratei7 5930k@4.3GTX 108016gig DDR4 2400Samsung EVO SSD - you need a SSDThe game is constantly being optimized & improved, but you will want a reasonably strong system. You can use Reshade to adjust how the game looks at a much lower performance hit than in game settings will give.TL:DRPros:Amazing fun, even in death.Great game with friends.Intense single player challenge.The effort of the devs improving the game is clear.The price.Cons:It's Early Access, there are going to be bugs & issues. Bluehole has shown good performance in fixing issues consistently with weekly & monthly patches, but this is the nature of EA.No Microtransactions during EA was stated, but they did introduce them as cosmetic items. They are going to charity & tournament participants, but they did go against what was stated previously.Final Statement:You should buy the game.You should drop into populated areas & learn how to fight.You will enjoy that Chicken Dinner.keep comments civil or they will be deleted"
,Recommended,578080,33298148,Posted: 5 July,all,NotEvenNiNja,_________Battlegrounds_____░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░H1Z1░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░
,Recommended,578080,30864294,Posted: 31 March,all,rΩbert^,"The most balanced and well made Battle Royale game out there. No Surprise coming from PU the god of BR ;)From the movement to the gunplay to the UI it's all very well done and simple to use.Coming from a competetive and survival player's viewmpoint playing games like cs:go at the top rank and other games like arma 2, arma 3, dayz, H1Z1, etc. This is the most polished and well thought out game i've played in a long time and it's rapidly turned into one of if not my favorite game of all time. I played the alpha and didn't like it much. The transformation it went through simply from the alpha to the beta made tremendous leaps forward and already got so much better. I fully place my faith in PU and the team behind this game. They've already showcased their ability to fix different bugs and problems that have rapidly appeared before them and I have nothing but high hopes for the future. If you love the Battle Royale genre, support the best experience you can have and buy the game.You won't regret it.Just a copy of my friends review xD"
,Not Recommended,578080,34034648,Posted: 5 August,all,Fahid asfar Rubbabubi,this game is fun and challenging that i can say. but ♥♥♥♥ing hell its most broken game i have ever played and seen. the texture glitch and the network lag is unbearable. texture glitch hits you at the start of the game where it matters the most. first minutes is critical and if youre having network lag and texture glitch oh you are stuck standing and cant ♥♥♥♥ing get in the houses to loot items. you are stuck outside. broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip off! i want my refund.
76561198047228509,Not Recommended,578080,34034604,Posted: 5 August,all,Gen^,Bought this game after watching reviews etc it's crap! I'm sorry the concept is okay but the lag just makes this game unplayable and skillless. It ends up a game of whoever has the best ping will win and blind luck. Don't get it at least till they have fixed all the crap out and bugs!
,Not Recommended,578080,34021932,Posted: 4 August,all,Scoobert,"We were promised no mircro transactions before the game actually came out, and that was said from the man himself but still got them... going to have to give this game a thumbs down"
,Recommended,578080,33266048,Posted: 5 July,all,Octane,Overall Game:95% Looting Items5% Getting shot in the back of the head with a Kar98KGood Game
,Not Recommended,578080,33850295,Posted: 28 July,all,Superdog,Nice to see the devs lie about Microtransactions.
76561198019025202,Not Recommended,578080,33530822,Posted: 14 July,all,Neurotrauma,"This game is so boring and overhyped. There is almost no skill involved, its literally ""find an assault rifle or sniper rifle, good scope and camp"" I'm so tired of playing for 20 minutes only to be shot from the middle of nowhere, there is like almost no visible muzzle flash and its impossible to tell where people are.Not enjoying it at all, would not recommend. Play it if you want a running simulator"
,Not Recommended,578080,34182861,Posted: 11 August,all,Sneaky,"game is good. most fun ive had with friends in awhile. but the devs or main dude is not good. streamers have been banned for finding glitches on stream, they are going against everything they were saying theywould do from the beginning. it makes me sad to see this game become h1z1 all over again."
,Recommended,578080,31189243,Posted: 16 April,all,[ASAP] CandyApple,It's a realy good game but there would be nice to have more maps couse playing same map everytime gets boringand the thing when you can kill your self by pressing F in car and it says you ran over youself something like thatyou should make an animation like when you jumpout you roll and stuff thats all I ask for good job with this game <3
,Not Recommended,578080,34072876,Posted: 6 August,all,Erroneous,"This could be something awesome but the microtransactions?   At least 5,350,698 copies sold (according to SteamSpy) and yet they still feel the need to dry out customers even more?  This is such a bad move."
,Not Recommended,578080,34559666,Posted: 28 August,all,Yung KoLE∀Nda,[H]PUBS [W] keys i da autiyam nestane fhgsdbzujfgsdtzy fgvyrdhjxtvbdxyhv brsuzftgdg
,Not Recommended,578080,34043160,Posted: 5 August,all,Mfest,"Get this game if you like desync, bad melee and RNG."
,Not Recommended,578080,34553896,Posted: 28 August,all,Raziel,dev blatently lied about microtransactions being in the game durring EA
76561198119708488,Not Recommended,578080,34450114,Posted: 23 August,all,CatMaggot,"Not recommended until they change their policy on banning people for 'stream sniping'.  Until then, nothing positive will be said about the game."
,Not Recommended,578080,34020492,Posted: 4 August,all,Valstorm,"$30 is a good price for this game. I enjoy it, have had a great time playing with my friends.As it currently stands the developers have decided to focus on microtransations before they even have a smooth, bug-free experience. The microtransactions introduced involve unlocking crates that you must purchase with in-game currency (BP) that is gained from competing/winning games, you cannot open these crates unless you purchase a key (currently $2.50). If you're a player who doesn't want to spend $2.50 for a one shot gamble of getting a vanity item that may or may not help or hinder other players' ability to spot you across the battlefield, there's currently no tangible achievements for winning games.I feel like Bluehole and Playerunknown have a good thing here, they are the first mover in a genre that they get to define from here on out. If they carry on the way they're currently heading and neglect to reward their players for playing rather than solely locking content behind paywalls, I cannot recommend this game, we're not even out of Early Access and they're already getting greedy. I'm losing faith that Bluehole and Playerunknown have what it takes to build a great relationship with their community.Give it a go if you have some friends to play with, or wait for the next clone that does it better and offers freemium content similar to the Overwatch loot boxes."
76561198054932828,Recommended,578080,33156956,Posted: 2 July,all,✪ MrVectivus,"Amazing game, great for DayZ and H1Z1: King Of The Kill fans."
76561198062919658,Not Recommended,578080,34250279,Posted: 14 August,all,Lowris,"Terribly optimized, have a $4000 pc but i have to play on LOW otherwise my fps takes a nose dive into potato country, terribly boring if your one of the unlucky ones to drop in near no one and then finding someone only to be headshot by some dude hiding in a build 50km away. don't understand the hype behind this messnot fun."
76561198024107923,Not Recommended,578080,34033336,Posted: 5 August,all,[LW!]Krasiq*,"Game was cool at start, but soon after developers lost their focus on realising gameplay content and started making $$ cases in CS:GO style. Game is not out of Early acces yet and they r focusing on cosmetic items instead of finishing game.Shame."
76561198000960695,Not Recommended,578080,34168940,Posted: 11 August,all,Aweng_Zweng,"Although I love the core game, I can't recommend it to anyone now as the developer has broken one of the most paramount promises made during EA"
,Not Recommended,578080,33889997,Posted: 29 July,all,BootyKage,Dev's broke their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ microtransaction promise.
76561198295651244,Not Recommended,578080,34227398,Posted: 13 August,all,mbarbermoore,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME---YETThis is not yet a $30 game.  I am getting a lot of early game stuttering and lagging, and the buildings take minutes to load once I am already on the ground.  Which means that other players have a few minutes head start to load up and come and murder my lagging♥♥♥♥♥  This game has a lot of potential but it is so far unrealized.  Wait until optimization issues are ironed out before buying this game."
76561198109517536,Not Recommended,578080,33868340,Posted: 28 July,all,SirKage,"-Was enjoying this game 10/10-Stopped playing so I can see some more fixes, more content (key word here ""content""), and better optimization-Comes back and sees update :D-Micro...trans...ACTIONS?????♥♥♥♥ You and gimme my money back! I'll go play something ""released"".1/10"
29894185615461714,Not Recommended,578080,33489208,Posted: 12 July,all,Alduth,"I don't Reccomend this game AT ITS CURRENT STATEI don't believe this game is worth $30 *YET*Don't get me wrong, I love this game. . .In Solo Queue.Cons:- There still needs to be plenty of Optimizations to the game's code- GunPlay needs rebalancing.- Shotguns have too far range.- Pistols are underwhelming.- SMGs only tickle- Assault Rifles in this game are just a Sniper Rifle with a different skin.- Sniper Rifles are pointless end game- Sniper Rifle bullets drop like a rock- Shotguns do not have a bullet drop off range.- RNG is rarely ever on your side.- Recent Patch only made the Towns viable places to get good weaponry.- Rendering/Render Distance is still awkward.- Duo/Squad Queue puts up against Navy Seal style of group coordination- Skirmishing only lasts for whomever shoots first.- Airdropping Mechanics/Physics are wonky- No Real ""Matchmaking Tiers""Pros:- Unique Theme- Has great potentinal- Fun Physics Engine- Best place to hear someone's best ""Allah Akbar"" (Insurgency is a close second).- Good Community (Occasional Botter)- Great Time Killer- Great for Adrenaline Junkies- Authenic Feeling Gunplay.- Fun with Friends, Duo is too unreliable thou.- Superior amount of content and replayability for Early AccessTL;DRGame is Great, but there still needs work to be done. You'll still catch me playing this a ton."
,Not Recommended,578080,33870108,Posted: 28 July,all,NULL,"** UPDATE 09/08/2017 **I was really pleased to see their response and apologies regarding their microtransactions. All good, everyone makes mistakes, acknowledging them and doing better in the future is what it is all about. So I went to play and encountered a bug which led me to another poor experience with this game.....I put in a support ticket on 08/14/2017 because my charachter was 5k+ BP in debt due to a UI bug. So every game since and to this day , I am just earning payments to BP debt for past who knows how many games. IE after a game I go from -5.3kBP to -5.1kBP...... how lame. Their support basically let me know they cannot help me or adjust my BP and I have to deal with it. So again to let people know , this game is fun but beware. I still am leaving this game marked negatively due to poor support.*****************************I don't normally take the time I should to review games but the audacity to introduce microtransactions with the game having many bugs currently which is expected in alpha state and completely go against their word of NOT introducing microtransactions in early access. This is the type of behavior that makes sick after they got so much support from the community when the game had more bugs than it does now. It is a real shame because I actually enjoy this game and will probably still end up playing it, but I hope this review displays the distrust I have for these guys now and think it is extremely poor taste to request more money from us when they already have $100 million plus in revenue of support for a buggy ALPHA GAME HOLY !#&@. How about some FREE limited of time crates to show appreciation for putting up with all the bugs and poor server performance for months.FAQ which also states no microtransactions prior to launchhttp://forums.playbattlegrounds.com/topic/25335-faq/Interview with MR. PLAYERUNKNOWN himselfhttp://www.gamasutra.com/view/news/297434/quotSkin_economy_is_a_good_thingquot_says_Playerunknowns_Battlegrounds_creator.phpP.S I love the idea of cosmetic microtransactions to support charities but you can fund your own tournament at this point. The microtransactions may just the first thing they go back on their word and they are showing some serious greed.Sincerly,Dissapointed"
76561198082070393,Not Recommended,578080,34307215,Posted: 17 August,all,Logan,RUNS AWFUL. horrible optimization
,Not Recommended,578080,34307232,Posted: 17 August,all,Raidr,Its a 30 dollar slideshow
76561197970418135,Recommended,578080,30712129,Posted: 24 March,all,zooltar,"""Like H1Z1 but not♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; as one of the yt guys said."
76561198085690311,Recommended,578080,30940326,Posted: 4 April,all,Ember Celica,Everything great but rubber connection did everything worst so i vote... Positive and wait for solution
,Not Recommended,578080,34159655,Posted: 10 August,all,JazzyMcJeff,"After 115 hours of playing PUBG, I feel like it's time to give an honest review. I'm going to break down each part of the game and if you don't feel like reading the whole thing, I'll give a TL;DR at the end.First question: Do I recommend this game to be purchased by others?Honestly, I think PUBG is an extremely fun, fast paced (when you aren't looting for 20+ minutes) game that delivers a thrill and feeling that no other game provokes. Now in saying that, it does have its flaws. Serious flaws that need to be worked out before this game will be even close to a full release. However, if you have a friend that keeps telling you ""Dude, just buy this game. It's tons of fun and I want to play it with you."" then buy it. It's an amazing game to play with friends but only with friends. (opinions are subjective) After a while of doing solo, you sort of feel like doing something else; But when I'm playing it with friends, I could play for hours and hours at a time.Second question: What are the pros to playing the game?The pros to playing PUBG are as follows -Great loot distribution system- You never know what you're going to get, unless you land at high risk areas such as the prison or military base (there are others but I don't feel like listing all of them).Clean movement system- You actually feel like you're in the shoes of your character. The movement doesn't seem quick, jerky, and responsive. It feels more of what it would actually be in real life, it takes time to get up to full running speed, your character doesn't snap to where you aim but instead moves like you would yourself, and all of the motions feel very smooth overall giving a unique playstyle to the game.Cars- I'm putting this in the same category as movement because vehicles obviously move. The vehicles you have available come in 3 varieties. Jeeps, cars, and motorcycles. Jeeps come with hard top, soft top, or no top configs. Cars come in a few different colors and are faster than jeeps. Motorcycles come with either no side car or a side car which can hold a max of 3 people. The responsiveness of the vehicles is spectacular. If you swing too wide too fast they spin out just like a real car would.Great balance between fast-paced and slow-paced gameplay- When you first spawn into the plane, that's your ride or die. You need to make sure you calculate where you land to ensure you don't get killed within the first few minutes of the game. Once you find a suitable place and start looting, sometimes you don't know if someone could be right around the corner waiting to shoot you. It gives you a sense of urgency wherever you loot and you can never be too careful. Even the downtime of the match can make your hair stand on edge. Was that bush you just saw actually a bush, or a person waiting to jump out and put a bullet into your head? The firefights are responsive and fast-paced as well. They could last minutes or seconds depending on the circumstances. They definitely got this portion of the game right.Third question - What are the cons to playing the game?The cons to playing PUBG are as follows -No real concern for relevant updates- It seems like the developers are more concerned with pushing things like new guns (only ones found in drop crates and not around the world), microtransactions (only recently), and overall useless updates which they could focus more time on better ones. Now don't get me wrong, they do bugfixing often and with almost every update, but with the amount of money people have invested in this, it seems like we could get more for our money that we basically donated for an unfinished game.Newly added microtransactions- The lead behind the idea of PUBG stated that we would not see microtransactions in the game until it was finished. He recently came out with a statement saying ""We needed to test them before we implimented them into the finished product"" which personally is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It's starting to turn from a game strictly about earning drops into something you can just pay to get which completely defeats the ones who actually give it their all to get them. I think we're all very used to the way CS:GO and like games present the ""skin"" system and I don't think we should allow them to do the same to this game. It ruins everyones fun and isn't what true gaming was meant to be about.There's no real end-game loot drops- You're at those critical seconds between life and death, wondering, ""Will I win this game?"". Suddenly you hear an enemy to the left, your heart starts racing, the clock is counting down, and you sprint out of cover only to be confronted with the menace at your doorstep and BAM you shoot him with your AKM straight in the face AND YOU DID IT! YOU WON! WINNER WINNER CHicken din-ner? What? That's it. Woo. You won. Congrats. Here's some in-game currency for your troubles. You don't get an extra pat on the back because you win. You're basically told you're better than the people who died and move on to the next match. There seriously needs to be a loot system implemented where you get something because of winning. Not just some catch phrase at the end.TL;DRIf you want a really fun game that will give you hours of entertainment with friends then this is the game for you. I wouldn't recommend buying it right now in the state that it's in, though. If you can wait, I would.ProsGreat loot distribution systemClean movement systemGreat balance between fast-paced and slow-paced gameplayConsNo real concern for relevant updatesNewly added microtransactionsThere's no real end-game loot dropsExtras I felt needed to be includedKeep in mind there are a lot more issues with it, like players getting banned because the devs ""had a suspicion"" they were stream-sniping, there are game breaking glitches where entire cities disappear and then because someone tests the bug further the devs banned him for it (seriously look it up, that actually happened), constant lag issues, horrible game-breaking bugs where the UI won't even show up, the game crashes constantly (even if you have a good computer, though they've mostly fixed this issue) and tons of others that aren't really worth going into detail about.Until they fix the game more and actually work on better updates, I would wait until the game releases fully to purchase."
,Recommended,578080,30890271,Posted: 1 April,all,neO,"Honestly,I have never played any Battle Royale game before PUBG, so i am in no position to give a comparisson. But i can tell you what i personally like and dislike abouth PUBGAfter seeing some other titles in this genre, ive always had the feeling Battle-Royale games were (too) arcade for my taste. Little did i know that actually winning a match is such a beastly feeling. You think a 5v1 CSGO clutch is epic? The you NEED to taste a PUBG Victory. (You will literally shake from adrenaline)Im not going to compare this to other titles, that wouldnt make sense. Though i would like to add that from watching footage, youtube, streams and other vids of games within the genre i will say PUBG seemed the least arcade (which i like)So here we go:pro's1. Nice balance of funny AF (arcadey) mechanics, but at the same time feels mature.2. The feelsgoodman moments when you actually pull of some insane 100v1 win3. Looks good4. Shoots good5. Devs are active6. Addictive AF (like cocaine)7. Fun alone8. Fun with friends9. and alot more to comeCons:1. laggy2. gpu/cpu intensive (still EA, so it needs more optimization. Though with some wtweaking of settings i get stable 60plus FPS3. because of ^ and lower settings game might look♥♥♥♥♥♥4. its EA.5. Will it ever be done?6. the  99 other players in game are cancer (pregame loading zone)Biggest question now, is it worth?I think so.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT:Since my Original Review alot has changed. The devs deploy bugfixes on a weekly basis, and a big monthly content / bug fix patchThe game is in a MUCH better shape than a few months ago. And it IS enjoyable, all day, everyday. It DOES need more tweaking, but im sure the devs are on that.Me personally, im waiting for vaulting and such, then its 100%--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL;DRWorth? Yes..Fun times, and addictiveGL&HF,ne0"
76561198033311893,Not Recommended,578080,33684386,Posted: 20 July,all,Inco,"Bluehole enforces a zero tolerance policy for teamkilling, no matter the context.Read here:https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/6ofn19/am_i_in_the_wrong_here/"
76561198127645160,Not Recommended,578080,34600151,Posted: 30 August,all,I'm Not a Furry But...,"This is a fun game yes, and when i do pick it up it and play it is a fun time. HOWEVER, none of the amount of fun you had during those moments of gameplay will equate to anything when the devs act like nothing but greedy pigs who will ban players for ""stream sniping"" (which might i add, wtf? that shouldnt be legit reason to ban someone PERMANENTLY) the added loot box ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they put in after stating clearly they wouldn't consider it to be a thing. Add all of that onto the fact that this now an ""e-sports game"" ♥♥♥♥ off with that, the game isn't even in its 1.0 state atm, with loads of bugs and connectivity issues, and they want the game to be played at gamescon consistently? ♥♥♥♥ off. One last note is that devs need to quit being so greedy with this♥♥♥♥♥♥(especially indie ones) cause audiences will try thier best to bankrupt you and do their damndest to make your life as a developer a living hell, especially if you go back on promises you made to your players and ♥♥♥♥ them over with your petty, greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Not Recommended,578080,34456153,Posted: 24 August,all,privat7l,"Cancerous community, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization, funny gameplay."
,Recommended,578080,33982039,Posted: 2 August,all,Kayvaan,Just grab a couple of friends and enjoy some of the most tense and hilarious moments this game has to offer.
,Recommended,578080,34242313,Posted: 14 August,all,Darth Abu,"This is addicting especially with the new first person mode, this is what dayz should have been"
,Recommended,578080,33627367,Posted: 18 July,all,LazZeY™,"me before steam summer sale :- gotta save money to buy pubg , steam summer sale starts ,every other game in the ♥♥♥♥in universe gets discount except for this.. tried to lower my thirst for pubg by buying h1z1 kotk.. didnt work that game is crap....waited ...waited then i lost my patience , sold cs go skins bought the game.... NO REGRETS<3 ... there are some optimisation isssues tho but we can ignore that cus the game is LIT AF <3"
,Not Recommended,578080,34748760,Posted: 4 September,all,*IC* Smiledozer,"$30 Ban Simulator 2017!!!------------------------------------------------------------------------Friend got banned for a friendly fire incident. Except he was the one who was shot. It's fairly clear that the devs were sent a video where the friendly fire incident was cut out, and it just appeared my friend was crawling around cussing them out. Good thing he was recording them too i guess. He sent the FULL vid to the devs in appeal. He was unbanned the next day.------Highly sarcastic 10/10 - Devs; How about you ban NO ONE or at least make sure you know why you're banning people first.  Inconveniencing players that paid $30 is a fairly frusterating practice. Not being able to curse or trash talk after I paid $30? Censory is more offensive than any words.Guise, I guess everyone should record all of their games if you don't want to be banned for no reason."
76561197985226498,Recommended,578080,34141933,Posted: 10 August,all,Cughin,"do not play this game, you will constantly forget what day of the week it is, ignore your girl/wife, stop talking to RL friends....and take mroe sickies then u ever have before"
,Recommended,578080,34247388,Posted: 14 August,all,Dr.Java,"Got paired up with a Chinese guy who didn't speak English, and I can't speak Chinese. When your getting shot from all sides and your partner is violently screaming in chinese while gunning down people with a shotgun, it doesn't take a translator to know he's screaming for you to run.Me: ""we need to get that car""Him: (chinese noises)Me: ""vroom vroom""Him: ""ohhh vroom vrooom"""
,Recommended,578080,34831124,Posted: 9 September,all,dev.null,Friend who hates me invited me to his squad and proceeded to run me over while laughing like a maniac.10/10.
76561198056588700,Recommended,578080,33913631,Posted: 30 July,all,☺ Will Longstaff (Wilson),Bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s playing dress up.
,Recommended,578080,35182280,Posted: 24 September,all,Jon,Loot for 20 minutes before getting one shot-ed by someone 400m away ✓Wonky vehicle mechanics ✓Watching team mates get slaughtered one by one ✓Dropping to hotzone first only to find weapons have not loaded into game ✓Dying to someone who dropped into hotzone later but guns were loaded for them ✓Hours upon hours upon hours that I'm never going to get back ✓Would still do it all over again.
76561198066494069,Recommended,578080,34766815,Posted: 5 September,all,Kipe,"This game is one of the best in its genre if not the best. If you are a fan of battle royale games, Battlegrouds is a must."
,Recommended,578080,34745276,Posted: 4 September,all,Lord Gorzul,Twice I reached the last 5 and both times I got thishttp://prntscr.com/gh4romIt's cursed!It's a freakin nightmare of bugs and server crashes.When it works its really fun.
,Not Recommended,578080,34061706,Posted: 6 August,all,Joozou,I wouldn't recommend this if you don't have an extremely good PC.FPS lags are frequent and trigger when another person is closeby you.This isn't to say the concept is bad.I just fear good reviews at this point of time might discourage the developers from improving this further.
,Not Recommended,578080,35438391,Posted: 3 October,all,灵药,"不可否认吃鸡是一款好游戏，但作为一款游戏首先不是想怎么优化游戏，提升游戏销量，而是与加速器合作联和捞钱，真是丢脸。It's vividly shown that this is a extremely good game ,but it is  willing to work with a company called ""Tomorrow accelerator""to make money instead of optimizing game to promote sales.This behavior deserved a negative comment."
,Not Recommended,578080,34667066,Posted: 1 September,all,mrpotato ツ,wish i could refund this trash game
,Not Recommended,578080,35092715,Posted: 20 September,all,leth,"awful,  why would i want to ice skate around a ps2 game"
,Not Recommended,578080,34831229,Posted: 9 September,all,xerosyx,streamers should put a 5minute delay on their stream.
,Not Recommended,578080,34865460,Posted: 10 September,all,SwollenSponge,"No foot steps and terrible servers, there is nothing really else to say, you can be inside a building, someone can run into the building and upstairs you wont hear them outside and you wont hear them inside. how the ♥♥♥♥ can a game like this not have consistent footsteps."
76561198170203385,Recommended,578080,34905415,Posted: 12 September,all,JJ The Great,"Had a chinese♥♥♥♥♥♥teamkill me and tried to get me to say ""China number 1""10/10"
76561198255731250,Not Recommended,578080,35138260,Posted: 22 September,all,Kado,"I do enjoy this game alot, and thought it was run by really good people. But the owner playerunkown himself is saying he will take legal action against people who make games around this type of gamemode, like he owns the ♥♥♥♥ing idea. The original idea from battle royale came from a old movie made in japan. Unbeilavable that he is that ♥♥♥♥ing money hungry to try to take credit for an idea that isnt even his in the first place"
,Recommended,578080,34914873,Posted: 13 September,all,Cydrox,The idealistic battle royale game players deserved.10/10
,Not Recommended,578080,34852323,Posted: 9 September,all,Stevers,Crashes more than any other game I have ever played.
76561198369410736,Not Recommended,578080,34068674,Posted: 6 August,all,Vladislav CSGOBIG.COM,"This game is lagging soooooooooooo much. played a game, the game closed itself, tried to start the game, it stood it was open, couldnt join back. ♥♥♥♥ this game. it sucks. they're servers sucks so badly. ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥im out"
,Not Recommended,578080,35487198,Posted: 4 October,all,Chubbs70000000,"Banning players for ""stream sniping"" with little to no proof is disgusting. Unban those without any proof besides a streamer saying, ""oh he must be stream sniping because I got outplayed."" Can't recommend a game where players who aren't even on twitch get BANNED FOR SOMETHING THEY AREN'T DOING"
76561198041818359,Not Recommended,578080,33956430,Posted: 1 August,all,sabrezzz,This game is alot of fun but it crashes at least once a night and there is so much lag it makes it unplayable at times cant recommend this game in its current state plus its very discouraging that they are adding micro tranactions (loot boxes and keys) before addressing stability issuesoh and heaven forbid you honk your horn near one of the many cry baby steamers in this game
,Not Recommended,578080,34683235,Posted: 2 September,all,Ustad Sape'i,Developments since release>Kill streamerGet banned>honk at a streamerGet banned>you like free cosmetics ?Now pay for them>performanceStill sh^t
76561198210183237,Not Recommended,578080,34069661,Posted: 6 August,all,ufunny,TIRED OF COMPANIES LYING ABOUT THEIR PRODUCTS BEING A CERTAIN WAY BEFORE YOU BUY THEN CHANGING IT UP ON YOU ONCE YOU FORKED YOUR MONEY ON IT..........(MICROTRANSACTIONS)
,Not Recommended,578080,33871672,Posted: 28 July,all,Paar'nahkrin,"""""No paid content until release""""Micro-transactions added......"
,Recommended,578080,30806577,Posted: 28 March,all,Freelancer,"http://fg-2.com/2017/03/28/early-access-impressions-playerunknowns-battlegrounds/PlayerUnkown's Battlegrounds is another full game version of an Arma mod called Battle Royale that was created by the clan's player called Greene. He was responsible for the original mod in Arma 2 and 3 and also helped create H1Z1's Battle Royaleing. As for the gameplay, it's a simple design which is entirely based on the movie/book series called Battle Royal where you and 99 others are dropped into a zone without anything but the cloths on your back. In order to be the last surviving player you must search, loot and kill your way through others.PUBG has three different modes which includes solo, duo and squad (3 or 4 friends) this allows multiple ways to play and strategies to perform for each mode. The core gameplay involves being dropped from a plane as its flying across an 18x18km map in order to gather weapons, armor and various other equipment as the play area every 3-5 minutes is closed in around some location in the map. This allows for players to slowly be forced into conflict with each other and to not have matches go hours on end. What game there is is a tons of fun but this game being an very early access comes with some problems. The core gameplay is just that, very core and very basic. Once some stability in the servers gets added a lot more features will be added as well however as it is now the game is very basic.As I mentioned there are a lot of issues with the servers at this time and thus a lot of issues with hit detection and rubber banding. This can make the battlegrounds very unplayable at some times and some players have even been known to use that to their advantage. Due to this being Unreal Engine 4, it isn't the most optimized game and the textures are also suffering despite being such a new engine. The dev mentioned on their stream that they have a lot of features coming including squad map markers, durability of weapons, grenades feeling clunky will be fixed, a vault mechanic, bullet drop, and even footstep issues while crouched.One of the main problems of early access is devs that don't know where they might be heading with a game. With PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds the core gameplay is there and is a lot of fun when it works. As such I can only recommend this game if you understand that this is very early in its development and that you WILL run into issues.This game is a blast for what it is, solo or with friends. A+ would hide in bushes to get the jump on you again."
,Recommended,578080,31080752,Posted: 11 April,all,nvc,"By my calculation, I paid £2.69 per 1FPS. Once optimized, this game might be quite good. Until then, I would avoid."
76561197963199497,Not Recommended,578080,34219133,Posted: 13 August,all,Kakashi,"Positive review:1. Better game than H1Z1 KoTK or JS, or ARMAs.2. Loving this shooting game because its different and less arcade, what i mean little bit more realistic. OK thats about the good stuffs.The negative review now:1.  game still lag, the FFP (first person shooter) FOV is sucks, what kind FOV you guys using - go check Battlefield....even I prefer FFP than 3rd person due to peeking disadvantage and more realistic.2. ban rules, it so bad. So you create unfinish products and trying ban people because they abuse it. Its like selling unfinished automobile, and if you hit someone, they take your car back. Noo you the manufacture automobile get sued, possible goto jail when you know you selling broken automobile. ok ok....LOGIC BLUEHOLE????3. selling skin with keys!!!!! you game is UNFINISHED, what the **** SO UNETHICAL, just because DAYBREAK doing it, and you follow their footsteps. GREED GREED, where is the priority, finished the game!!!! you sold 2 millions copies = 40 millions profits use that money if you are going tournament price money♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!4. Since community support you guys, BLUEHOLES at least the one give community free skins as APRECIATION!!! not the one cheap as skins or stupid skins with twitch mark on it.Overall that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, GREED GREED GREED, skins skins skins...its should be free!!!!! Now everyone release unfinished game and keep making more money from broken game. Ill give thumbs NO due to the GREED and UNETHICAL doing business.If you buying this game, its fun to play with friends, but do not support their skins selling.Great community is the community that can boycott this type or kind of business company as a lesson. If the community is dumb keep supporting this type of bad behavior, nothing will CHANGE. SO the community need to step up, maybe sometimes its ok as whole community BOYCOTT their game for certain company like DAYBREAK for examples, until they change their behavior...release complete game not unfinished game."
76561198317549732,Not Recommended,578080,35323828,Posted: 29 September,all,Sevenlink,"游戏公司的行为真的恶心，自己服务器不好好做，反而给加速器厂商打广告，继续坑骗用户的钱，韩国公司的态度真的垃圾，游戏本身是可以的，但是游戏公司的恶心做法希望大家抵制。82/5000Game company's actions really sick, our server is not doing well, but for accelerator manufacturer advertising, continue KengPian users money, south Korean firm attitude really rubbish, the game itself is ok, but the game company's disgusting practices hope you resist"
76561198035574379,Not Recommended,578080,34172678,Posted: 11 August,all,Sheriff Rick,Fun game.  Loot crates are ridiculous for a game that's in early access and a game you have to pay for unlike a free to play game.  This practice has to stop.
,Not Recommended,578080,35208086,Posted: 25 September,all,Messier74,"I know the game is on early access, but since it costs full price I will review it like any other game (and tbh, I don't think it will ever leave its current state)Battle Royale is the king of Deathmatch/Survival, but god it comes with a ton of bugs and  glitches.The game is fun, the mechanic makes it competitive by default, and you can get a different experience every time you play.But as fun as it is, it often crashes (every few matches of continious play), you get stuck easily in places you shouldn't (like INSIDE doors), some items don't always work (like the flash grenade), and a parachute malfunction can really ♥♥♥♥ up your match.Also the streamer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t shouldn't be tolerated.It is a good game, but this many bugs are unacceptable; If they fix them, my review will reflect it."
,Recommended,578080,30870430,Posted: 1 April,all,[LuL Cx] Jirin,______Battlegrounds_______░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░H1Z1░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░CHINA NUMBA 1
,Not Recommended,578080,35484632,Posted: 4 October,all,[M]aster [M]y [R]age,worst optimization ever. the worst
,Not Recommended,578080,34680434,Posted: 2 September,all,Tribaal,This game is really not worth your money or time.- 3rd person shooter (see around corners and over walls without exposing yourself - no place in a competitive game)- Wonky aiming and ballistics- Small selection of weapons- Low-effort builings and map- Microtransactions in early access- Can't change your character's face for free (!)The arma3 mod was better than this. Pass.
,Not Recommended,578080,35399136,Posted: 1 October,all,proper actually,"too many ♥♥♥♥♥ players hiding in houses and riding the gas, also 0 skill gap."
,Not Recommended,578080,34578126,Posted: 29 August,all,Mikoto,"This game is good but Optimization is really bad.My computer meets the system requirements of this game but the FPS I received is too low even in low settings and houses are loading too late,I can not enter the houses.Please optimize optimization."
76561198082438220,Not Recommended,578080,34447125,Posted: 23 August,all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,Welcome to PlayerUnkown's Battlegrounds where you can be banned for honking a car horn but Chinese players with wall hacks and aim bots roam free to do whatever they like.#THISISBATTLEROYALEOh and there is a paid key and crate system too.
76561198040083342,Not Recommended,578080,31735681,Posted: 13 May,all,lifestop,"Pros:-Cool concept-Fun with buddiesCons:-Terrible performance even on high-end hardware-Crashing-Combat feels stiff and lacks polishHopefully all the cons will be worked out as the game progresses through early access.If you are desperate for a new game, this will be fun, but there is no rush in buying this title.  It has a long way to go."
,Recommended,578080,32906344,Posted: 27 June,all,thisismyalt,NO YOUR PC CAN NOT RUN IT STOP ASKING ME
,Not Recommended,578080,31063667,Posted: 10 April,all,adamwardhbu,"Great game - when it works. pricey  for what you get at the moment. Very very tempermental in terms of bugs & it crashes almost everytime I've played it, aswell as running absolutely horribly. Poorly optimised, overpriced & buggy - if the developers add more to the game, give you more bang for you buck, fix these crashing issues & make the game run better, I will 100% change this review, but at the moment I wouldn't advise anyone to buy it *YET*"
,Recommended,578080,33385288,Posted: 8 July,all,nifty,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░PUBG ░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄ ░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,578080,34043134,Posted: 5 August,all,It_Is_Rain,"Even tho i like this game, its becoming worse and worse with the idiotic health buff that players were crying for.So in the beta, armor didnt count, and players were whining about it. Now, shooting anywhere else the head is just pointless. You hit your target 6 times, doesnt matter, players dont die from 6 hits in this game, hitting him 1 time in the head, instant death, makes no sense.Tried to talk about it on the forums, i wrote 1 swearing world, got 100 warn points and got banned forever from forums.ggServers lagg like♥♥♥♥♥♥ so even if you aim correctly your hits wont get registered 50% of the time.Now that FPS View arrived, this lagg does even more damage, it literally makes my head hurt after 1 round of playing.Since this is the only somewhat okay game of this type, you cant choose anything else, but i wouldnt recommend this."
,Not Recommended,578080,33896148,Posted: 29 July,all,Meow,Lies
76561198129873921,Recommended,578080,30742599,Posted: 25 March,all,The Real Flash,"Really  a almost perfect game8.5/10Great mechanics, should still be polished but it feels good to playOk graphics, The graphics arent amazing but they are not bad by any meansFun fights, You always have to find ways to outsmart people beacuse if you dont use strategy then your deadAdrenaline Pumping action, This is the first game that has ever really made my heart rate go up when im in top 10 or in an inte4nse gunfight its just so satisfying to me to actaully get that feeling from a game againConstant updates, I played this game the week of its release and have been playing ever since and it has been improved upon alotConsSalty Players, There are some players who will literaly report you if you kill them point blank with a shot gun and start cursing you out, i too used to get mad when someone killed me but ive reached a level of mastery in the game in which if someone kills me and i know or can see how they did it, then i just say gg and leave the game instead of cursing them out and reporting themStream snipers and Streamers, I honeslty probably am out of my bounds for speaking on this subject since im neither of theese but i just wanna say streamers need to grow the hell up and people who actually stream snipe need to get a life because they are ruining the game for others considering the only reason people started reporting strem snipers is because they exist.OverallA really fun differnt game that will be around a long time, If you like dayz get this, if you liked h1z1 get this, and if you hate COD then 100% get this because this game unlike other games such as call of duty require skill and arent riddled with hackersMany of you will probably disagree with my review but since we are in America and Rocket man hasnt bombed us yet i think i might as well demonstrate my freedom of speechP.S. I do not endorse TrumpP.S. They should make all the characters in this game mexican so we can jump a wall on a map and make half the players border control XD"
,Recommended,578080,33625442,Posted: 18 July,all,Wylo,Bans a popular streamer for breaking the Rules of Conduct without hesitation. Mad props!Definitely buy this game.
76561197971227417,Not Recommended,578080,32795742,Posted: 25 June,all,Needlez,Awesome game and it's very addicting but the optimization is horrendous.
76561198101972880,Not Recommended,578080,34224712,Posted: 13 August,all,Zeus Cannon,Garbageee ......
,Not Recommended,578080,34073535,Posted: 6 August,all,Ruskie,"My friends and I spent more time trying to get this game to work than actually playing the game. We'd all ready up and the game wouldn't start so we'd refresh UI and still have issues. People not being able to ready up, some people not being able to even enter the game because servers are busy.After 15 or so minutes, the game might start to load in, but sometimes, teammates get stuck on the loading screen and everyone needs to leave while the other guy restarts. Once we get into a game, all the buildings look like painted potatoes. The lag and rubberbanding is unreal and a pain in the butt to deal with.The game is so broken for everyone in my friend group that it's impossible to imagine that people still think this is a good game. Now to make it worse, market items and crates were introduced instead of fixing the game. The devs need to set their priorities straight."
76561198042926891,Not Recommended,578080,33865484,Posted: 28 July,all,archetypal lobster pinocchio,No.
,Recommended,578080,31773618,Posted: 15 May,all,cupdad,"I can't stop saying ""one more time"" each time I get headshotted from across the map by a guy I never saw."
76561198073868397,Not Recommended,578080,34163981,Posted: 11 August,all,Erik,"Enjoyable game, especially with friends, but the developers are cancer.1. They break their promises by releasing microtransactions before full release.2. People have been banned for ""stream sniping"" i.e. a player using someone's stream to get an advantage over the streamer. Problem is, it's impossible to prove that someone stream sniped."
76561198095017559,Recommended,578080,34072131,Posted: 6 August,all,Revenginator,"Solid game - excellent fun with friends, regular updates. My only complaint is the devs breaking their promise about microtransactions, which, since it doesn't affect me, doesn't affect my opinion of the game. I've never had as many tense, exciting, and adrenaline-inducing moments in a game like this, or any game - period, for that matter."
,Not Recommended,578080,33856130,Posted: 28 July,all,Bone,trash
76561197989174693,Not Recommended,578080,34040926,Posted: 5 August,all,MistaMM,+ game is very fun to play+ matchmaking works pretty good+ updates are coming out quite fast and regularly###########################################- below 60 fps with i7 6700K and GTX1080 in some situations @ mixed low/ultra settings- paid crates in an EARLY ACCESS title is absolutely disgusting- laughable banning system that favors people with influence
76561197970844460,Recommended,578080,34032998,Posted: 5 August,all,Kickassנαcк™,"Buy it. Top notch for EA. I dont really understand all the downvotes this game has received.The ""microtransactions"" has ZERO effect on the gameplay. They are all PURELY cosmetic.That items are buyable/tradeable over the market has apparently caused a good 30% to go mental and give thisgame downvotes and bad reviews. Ignore them all. This game is absoluetly awesome and even more fun in groups.I cant believe i didnt buy this earlier...A mistake i learnt from.Do yourselves a favor and give it a shot, you will be impressed :D"
,Recommended,578080,33638799,Posted: 18 July,all,Gehab,My daily dose of adrenaline
,Not Recommended,578080,30900996,Posted: 2 April,all,Exit,"Poor optimization and long loading time doesn't worth 30 eurosyet, hope the devs will fix them someday.Have a high-end PC and very good internet connection to even start the game.EDIT: A month later it got patched to a point when I could play it, several weeks more I have a good fps, and it's fun. Mentioned problems still persist, so I can't recommend it to everyone."
,Not Recommended,578080,32325898,Posted: 10 June,all,Darkpoop_,jesus christ they need to optimize this game better... with a 970 and 16 gb of ram i run at avarage 40 fps. fun game but can get better if they optimize it better. i dont play it as much because simply i cant stand games running under 60 fps
,Not Recommended,578080,34000751,Posted: 3 August,all,your fate has been sealed,"WELP! They said that only paid content was coming after the full release and yet here we are with microtranactions in the lastest update.  Honestly ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic when this game has terrible 3rd and 1st person, it is not optimized well, and many other assortment of bugs and issues that have yet to be taken care of.  Thank you gaming industry for forcing this microtransaction meta that forms around some of the most popular games."
,Not Recommended,578080,34561320,Posted: 28 August,all,EnigmaNL,Micro transactions in an EARLY ACCESS PAID game are a big no no.
76561198012733045,Not Recommended,578080,35149554,Posted: 23 September,all,Passeeo,"Started out as a good project.Then they started babysitting streamers, banning people if they have the cheek to kill them.Then they added gambling lootboxes. ""Hey kids get started with gambling here.""Then they started going after other developers because they think they created Battle Royale.Oh and there has been very little progress on this game since they decided to put their efforts into developing for console instead of fixing the glaring issues within the game."
76561198126818269,Not Recommended,578080,35229821,Posted: 26 September,all,lilsacci710,"for the amount of money received, this game is absolute bare minimal garbage. fun to play with friends, but streamers and devs have clear alterior motives. this game will be dead within the year. save your money guys."
,Not Recommended,578080,34912474,Posted: 12 September,all,MasterCD0,"Love the game. Devs (especially Player Unknown) are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Stream sniping should NOT be bannable.-There is no way to prove someone stream sniped.-Don't stream your game for all to see then ♥♥♥♥♥ when someone uses it to their advantage.-If streamers don't want to be sniped they should use the delay so noone can pinpoint them.If you are a streamer who has reported a ""stream sniper"" or someone who has reported on behalf of a streamer for someone ""stream sniping"".♥♥♥♥ YOU!Sincerely,Everyone who isn't a prepubecent teenager."
,Not Recommended,578080,35062502,Posted: 19 September,all,Flunkus,This game is making an abscene amount of money and they can't fix the horrible UI and basic bugs. This will be Ark 2.0.
,Not Recommended,578080,35068619,Posted: 19 September,all,ImmortalCookie,walking simulator filled with campers ... don't know what's all the fuss about
,Not Recommended,578080,34910005,Posted: 12 September,all,tsenny 6a2,"buggy,laggy,glitchy AF DONT BUY IT TILL ITS NOT EARLY ACC ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME ITS STILL FUN"
76561198095047588,Not Recommended,578080,33879090,Posted: 29 July,all,TheWhiteOwl,Oops looks like these developers made the classic mistake of implementing microtransactions. Another game getting review bombed because you keep shoving this♥♥♥♥♥♥down our throats.
,Not Recommended,578080,34389830,Posted: 21 August,all,Name Jeff,"I'm downvoting for the following reasons:-Micotransactions, the dev promised not to add these, though I can forgive that since some proceeds go to charities and the GAMECON prize pool.-Banning, and how streamers are using it to play victim to ""stream-sniping"" getting countless innocent players banned.-Dickriding streamers, featuring their logos splattered all over the game and allowing them access to special game modes the rest of us can only join and hope to get a good spot.I didn't pay $30 for some dev who got popular overnight to cater only to the streamers and leave us regular customers in the dirt. PLAYERUNKNOWN, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together. This game was popular before streamers ruined it.EDIT: Forgave Microtransactions"
,Not Recommended,578080,34046615,Posted: 5 August,all,METAL STORM,Broken promises with no microtransactions during EA.
,Not Recommended,578080,34392149,Posted: 21 August,all,nieks,"Why does a game go into early access? It’s so people can play it while the game develops. while it gets more refined, more stable, bugs get patched, optimization happens, content is added. The developers for this game have basically only added content because it’s still buggy as hell and horribly optimized. They made a sandwich, but the bread got moldy. Most people would get rid of the mold, but the developers instead decided to just keep adding stuff to the sandwich. All the meat, cheese, sauce, and vegetables on it look delicious, but they’re still on two pieces of moldy bread. just because everything else is good, those two pieces of moldy bread are going to ruin the whole experience. - Finite Frost(http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198090240707/)taken from ARK:Survival evolved review.My review:This game is just... a game. There is nothing special, it's shooter survival game that you've expected. Riding a cars is fun, shooting is not bad, but optimization and (system hardware) recomendations is unforgivable. I have better CPU (fx-8320) and same performance grafics card and it still can't run this game properly. With this setup, I'm getting ~40-60 fps (sometime lower), and grafics looks like 2000s. If you're unsure wheter your pc can run it or not, I don't recommend it, because the grafics will look ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Also, there is very huge difference between 50 and 55 fps. Optimization in this game is horrible. Although [I can play almost all games on normal grafics (haven't tried new titles), GTA V runs 100x better on 100x better grafics, getting CS:GO 200 fps and etc,] I can't play this game on lowest graffics.TL;DR - I don't recommend it in this (game) state unless you have gtx 1070/rx 580 or betterHad to rewrite review because I was too angry. Sorry."
,Not Recommended,578080,33607372,Posted: 17 July,all,xyos,Very bad Optimized Game
,Recommended,578080,34780513,Posted: 6 September,all,danny 💜,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this♥♥♥♥♥♥game im done with it...but okay i'll queue up for one more i guess
,Not Recommended,578080,33952672,Posted: 1 August,all,BHZZZ-,GTX 1060 3GB OCI7 4790 4.0 Ghz12GB RAMULTRA UNPLAYABLEHIGH UNPLAYABLEMEDIUM UNPLAYABLELOW PLAYABLEGG.refunded.
,Not Recommended,578080,34898398,Posted: 12 September,all,whoops,"I find it hard to understand why you'd ban players for killing streamers. When someone divulges their location on a live stream you'll always have people trying to mess things up. You need to review your policies.Other than that, the game if solid and I've enjoyed the 8 hours I've played so far."
,Recommended,578080,34257750,Posted: 15 August,all,AlterRektMLG,"I never thought I'd like a Battle Royale game.But I was wrong.This game gives you all that you want.FUN!I don't know what it is but there is something in this game that makes me keep coming back.Maybe it's the ambiguity of knowledge about the presence of your enemies and suddenly realizing that they're right in fron of you.How you're gonna take them down, what you're going to do next?It's a STRAIGHT YES from me."
,Not Recommended,578080,33857475,Posted: 28 July,all,Kvas,"They want to implement one of the worst micro-transaction systems in the world!Same thing that gave rise to CS:GO lotto and other gambling sites.The game itself is basic, nothing outstanding and I thought £30 asking price was high already, this only show how greedy the devs are.They are gonna Test run it in early access despite they promissed no paid dlc in before release.I do not support this."
76561198407295859,Not Recommended,578080,35402498,Posted: 1 October,all,Miss_天宜,"不建议入手这款游戏，现在开发商正在想尽一切办法圈钱。因为服务器不是自己的，注定这个游戏优化不会太好，只会越来越烂，所以 现在只想着圈越多的钱越好，等圈够钱了，把这个游戏一卖，然后重新构建 服务器，重新开发这类游戏，到时候再把游戏做好，所以 现在不会想着做优化， 而且现在玩这个游戏的人基本都是玩过类似游戏的人，各种LYB,,游戏体验特别差,,所以想要入手的还是再等等,国内的话等腾讯,或者等这个游戏黄了,肯定会有另一款游戏出来代替它,而且这个游戏并没有看别人玩的太爽的感觉 ,刚开始玩的时候只是因为陌生,所以感觉有兴趣,玩熟了之后,吃过几次鸡了,就不会有一点感觉 了,就不想玩了,所以还是等下一款游戏出来吧!"
,Not Recommended,578080,33137482,Posted: 2 July,all,niaiserie,The most fun I had with this game was driving a vehicle off a cliff into the ocean.Just saying.
,Recommended,578080,30693138,Posted: 23 March,all,Juopporapu,"If you haven't heard, this game is better than H1Z1 King of the Kill. Developers are actually trying to fix bugs and stuff instead of adding more crates."
,Recommended,578080,33969189,Posted: 2 August,all,BubonicUK,You all need to get a grip. Yeah the dev said no paid content till release a straight up lie correct. You know what though? Don't buy keys :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O !!! Holy shiiiittttttt! I just fixed all your problems and complaints. Deal with it! He has already made a hell of a lot of money and wants to make more who wouldn't right? I can bet money on it as well the people complaining about it will buy keys and continue to play the game.Any how to review right? This game is brilliant for me I love the fact you can play it how you want to some degree. You can land balls deep for some hot fighting action or you can land like a coward and creep around hoping to make it to the last few.It is early access so expect bugs and not to be very optimised although it runs fine for myself. 1080ti i7 5820k 4.4ghz 16gb ram.The only real problem is the dsync this drives me insane trying to pick up a gun and it just not happening. I also picked up a grenade yesterday and it disappeared <.<All in all? Would use a pan to deflect bullets again and smack a guy over a balcony and watch him fly off the edge. 10/10
,Not Recommended,578080,33688808,Posted: 20 July,all,Collin,Game is ♥♥♥♥ed by a poor administration/community management team.https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/6ojvsz/banned_on_discord_for_calling_out_thesparrow/https://www.reddit.com/r/PUBATTLEGROUNDS/comments/6ofn19/am_i_in_the_wrong_here/
,Not Recommended,578080,34434681,Posted: 23 August,all,✪eLemeNt19,"this game has hella buggin mechanics (jump, crouch). Only online multi player, 1 map, no offline training, no tutorial, low tick rate, no optimisation. 2/10."
,Recommended,578080,33486172,Posted: 12 July,all,Sodda,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░PUBG ░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░░▀▀░▄H1Z1▄ ░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198093817703,Recommended,578080,34148390,Posted: 10 August,all,Saucey Horsey,YOU ARE REALLY CUTE
76561198037140882,Not Recommended,578080,34007585,Posted: 3 August,all,ISTHISEZMODE,"An incredible game being run into the ground by a Dev who hates his playerbase and loves their money. The insane amount of bugs would be easily forgivable in an early access title if we weren't met with $1,000+ cosmetics before fixes. PLAYERUNKNOWN is out of touch with his community and as greedy as the worst of them. Will avoid ""Blue""hole games at all costs."
,Not Recommended,578080,34371526,Posted: 20 August,all,Thimo,what a broken mess
,Not Recommended,578080,33806212,Posted: 26 July,all,Trying to be Nice,Player Unknown : There will not be micro transactions during early access or changes to the current item systemPlayer Unknown : I lied. Thanks for the money plebs. You want the outfits? I'm going to charge you for each item and each item so you open multiple duplicates while I sit back counting bank notes!
,Not Recommended,578080,33847824,Posted: 27 July,all,F r,Broken promises. Streamer bias. Unreasonable bans. Early access microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,578080,34440280,Posted: 23 August,all,uzr,"The game is incomplete, it's fun but I can't really enjoy it with all the bugs and my low♥♥♥♥♥fps even though everything is on very low."
,Not Recommended,578080,33882757,Posted: 29 July,all,jessetheduck,When an early access game that has already sold 6 million copies is trying to milk more money out of microtransactions.
,Not Recommended,578080,34223727,Posted: 13 August,all,Alternate 1985 Biff Tannen,Greedy developers.
,Not Recommended,578080,34446920,Posted: 23 August,all,Fred #LegalizeIt,"Pros:Engaging game for team play due to large map and generally good game setupCons:Abysmal performance (5-35 fps with 770, i5 at medium)Buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ (expect to die several times due to bugs)MicrotransactionsConclusion: Generally a lot of potential, but bugs and poor performance makes this game close to unplayable at its current state. Wait until the game is optimized and has less bugs with buying it."
76561198031203263,Not Recommended,578080,34426783,Posted: 22 August,all,alex_row,"Some positive reviews suggest to largely ignore negative reviews since most of the are about micro-transactions and relatively rare unfair ban issues.I'd argue the opposite. With all the rage on those two issues, you don't see a lot of people pointing out what a junk state this game is at the moment. Especially if you have a decent PC and are used to things running butter smooth at least for majority of the time. Even if you turn all the graphics to the minimum, and your FPS meter shows 80+, the experience is just never smooth. Either it's bad frame pacing, input handling or whatever, but even after 35+ hours (in-game playtime stat, steam's current 107 hours is way off) I just can't shake off the feeling that there's some kind of weird mouse acceleration/smoothing going on. And server issues make sure that most of your opponents move in super janky ways micro-teleporting all the time.The fact that the devs already started milking the playerbase with micro-transactions at this early stage, imho suggests that they don't have much confidence in overcoming the issues and there's a pretty good chance it doesn't get much better from this point.While the concept is fun and constant prospect of sudden death keeps tension high, this game is purely a viral twitch/youtube hit. At this time it seems to be much more enjoyable to watch rather than play it yourself especially if you don't have any friends to play in a squad with."
76561198053499503,Not Recommended,578080,35481680,Posted: 4 October,all,The Alcander,I could have spent 30 bucks worth of food rather than this transmitted disease.
,Not Recommended,578080,34578408,Posted: 29 August,all,shibe,"good thing i recently bought this game haha.microtransactions like billions of ppl buying the game wasnt enough.if you want to have goofs and gaafs= ban because ""harrasment"""
76561198076689607,Not Recommended,578080,34441273,Posted: 23 August,all,21 aleK,U N O P T I M I Z E D
76561198008821931,Not Recommended,578080,35414912,Posted: 2 October,all,DFA =| D.M.C,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ server,  poor optimization and full of advertisements.  FPS is too low to play.  By the way, my graphic card is GTX 1080Ti."
,Not Recommended,578080,35312836,Posted: 29 September,all,69 kys nubz 420 блять,Jebite si mater debili neznate šatgane napravit da rade jebo vas bog isus sveti  i marija magdalena u 3 pičke materine
,Not Recommended,578080,31589976,Posted: 6 May,all,Monere,"Boring, monotonous, a lot of lags from nothing."
,Not Recommended,578080,31588538,Posted: 6 May,all,sрy,"the game runs very, very poorly compared to the visuals it providesedit: as of May 31, 2017 the game runs better, but now stutters through the god damn a-holestill can't recommend this game, I will be waiting for at least 2 more patches (read: 2 more months) before returning to itedit 26th of July 2017; they're adding microtransactions to the game while it's still in early access with a lot of promised stuff not finished... yeah, nice to see what your fuc­king priorities are; never going to recommend this scam of a gameedit 8th of August 2017: the first person mode is great, shame about the microtransactions and the bad performance (still) thoughedit: 21st of August 2017: the performance is still trashedit: 7th of September 2017: the client performance is still trash, but server performance is fine nowedit: 14th of September 2017: the client performance is now worse than before, thanks devs! fu­ck optimization, right?edit 23rd of September 2017:http://www.pcgamer.com/pubg-exec-clarifies-objection-to-fortnite-battle-royale-its-not-about-the-idea-itself-its-about-epic-games/clap clap clapedit: 2nd of October 2017: the game now has ads. ads and microtransactions. thanks devs."
,Not Recommended,578080,34437610,Posted: 23 August,all,Madeline,That guy beeped his horn? Must be a stream sniper! :O
,Recommended,578080,34006955,Posted: 3 August,all,wheazzy,"The best battle royal game of all time.. devs are actually active and listen to the community, thats what I like the most. Even more enjoyable when playing with friends, big up !"
76561198060452790,Not Recommended,578080,34975389,Posted: 15 September,all,Wh1teW1dow^,saw some1 get banned for honking there horn.thumbs down just for that
,Recommended,578080,34215517,Posted: 13 August,all,๖̶̶̶ۣۣۜۜ͜ζ͜͡SɱokE,Buy this game play for around 20 hrssell all the crates and u get get back the money spentso Technically game is free :Dkeep playing get rich on steam xDand this game is AA OO SOME :Dunique gameplay ~ BattleRoyale better that H1z1Play till u get ur chicken dinner
76561198081180089,Not Recommended,578080,34031387,Posted: 4 August,all,Batman,"Cannot reccomend a game with lying developers that go back on their word. That said, it's a fun game with lots of promise."
76561198039274634,Not Recommended,578080,34427185,Posted: 22 August,all,The Creepy Morty,"--> Too glitchy, buggy, unoptimized--> Almost unplayable--> develepers barely fix issues--> not worth a dollar in this stateTRUST ME!!"
,Recommended,578080,31759034,Posted: 14 May,all,¡¡BrianOG| S> CSGO Keys for PP,Great game way better than H1Z1 but needs fixes.
,Not Recommended,578080,34432439,Posted: 23 August,all,Watchyosix #Faceit,Dev needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.
,Not Recommended,578080,35437345,Posted: 2 October,all,Gooby-san,"My friends collectively have hundreds of hours of PUBG played. After much badgering, they finally convinced me to give the game a try with them. After playing 5 rounds (twice getting in the top 10), I have quickly determined that I do not enjoy this game in its current state. Looking beyond its poor optimization (my OC'd i7-7700k and GTX 1080 SC just barely gave me a stable framerate), there's not a lot of ACTUAL gameplay. Instead, you spend most of your time waiting. You spend the first minute waiting for a game, the next several waiting for the game to start, the next few waiting to drop onto the battleground, and then you spend a variable amount of time running through clones of the same house, looting whatever garbage you can find. At this point, provided you haven't died to some BS, you begin the long trudge of long-distance running and camping at the edge of the battlefield, just waiting for a chance to fire your weapon. While the minute-long bursts of action in this game are truly exhilarating, they are few and far between and do not warrant the 30-45 minutes of time you spend otherwise waiting."
76561198336977760,Recommended,578080,34068615,Posted: 6 August,all,SlideDrexler,Don't listen to negative reviews.  Game is great for early access and has massive potential.
76561198112936802,Not Recommended,578080,33866547,Posted: 28 July,all,TurboBatman,"They just added paid loot crates to this early access bug filled ""game""."
,Recommended,578080,31135105,Posted: 14 April,all,Denis =DD,Fun game
76561198202476685,Recommended,578080,34171028,Posted: 11 August,all,AustinXKiwi💠,"what can i say about this game, its more fun than h1z1 will ever be .Anyways you should def invest into this game its way worth the money"
,Not Recommended,578080,35424450,Posted: 2 October,all,Playken,In game ads.... I boughtthis game.....
,Not Recommended,578080,34427114,Posted: 22 August,all,Sophomoric,Amazing game. Terrible community. Way to many hackers.
,Not Recommended,578080,34722027,Posted: 3 September,all,aimtux broke,"I pay 30 euro, where's my game?? all I see is amateur game developer work!! pls fix..."
,Not Recommended,578080,35275750,Posted: 28 September,all,Grif,"Optimize this trash! For real, I get better frames in ARMA 3."
76561198060818617,Not Recommended,578080,33829374,Posted: 27 July,all,Amnail,"The game is not bad, butt hey are slowly, but surely ruining it with their business model. They are nothing but greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Not Recommended,578080,35314130,Posted: 29 September,all,Anglakey,PlayerUnknown is a cuck
,Not Recommended,578080,33812970,Posted: 26 July,all,Panthyren,The developer has decided to start charging for cosmetics in order to crowdfund a LAN tournament even though they've sold 5 million copies and invested basically nothing in marketing. On top of that the cosmetics are a gamble with duplicates meaning you can easily waste your money. More importantly is the fact PlayerUnknown came out directly and said he wouldn't have microtransactions in the game before it left Early Access.
76561198107634604,Not Recommended,578080,35113061,Posted: 21 September,all,Apollyon,oynayanında oynatanında bu oyunu bana aldırırken elime komut veren beynimin de 7 ceddini sikeyim.
76561198028832357,Not Recommended,578080,31364223,Posted: 25 April,all,passpatrik,"Very early stage of the game. Poor performance, laggy and clumsy.-----------------------------9.5.2017 edit:Still playing it, game is addictive, arma/dayz 3rd person feeling. But be prepared for bad performance even on high end systems, lag, rubber banding and no 4:3 support."
76561198035129071,Not Recommended,578080,32359201,Posted: 11 June,all,mihailovel,At this point in time I can't recommend this game. I really enjoy the idea and it's fun with friends but the amount of problems right now can REALLY frustrate you. If I knew the real situation I would have waited 6 months or even an year till they smooth it out.
76561198048472332,Not Recommended,578080,34942742,Posted: 13 September,all,"kept you waiting, huh ?","you can get banned for stream sniping, thats enough reason to give down vote"
,Not Recommended,578080,31051985,Posted: 9 April,all,Forte,"Good arcadey streamlined battle royale type game, but cannot recommend until the sluggish performance issues are fixed. Expect sub-60, and even, sub-30 framedrops in cities and engagements."
76561197972451029,Not Recommended,578080,30880280,Posted: 1 April,all,PierreOfTheFrench,"I'm optimistic about the where the game will end up, but I don't think it's worth the price tag at this point. I love PLAYERUNKNOWNS BattleRoyale (Arma3 mod) and my review will compare the two heavily where appropriate. Over the past several years I've avoided early access games, but I wanted to get this one to support PLAYERUNKNOWN, as I had a ton of fun playing his mod.Physics:- Fall damage is so weak, if you have the meds you might as well jump down the cliff, instead of finding a safe way down.- No weight at all to the vehicles-- Ballistics seem relatively simple (in comparison to Arma3)-- Damage model [I could be wrong] but I think if you're wearing armor, basically all torso/chest shot dmg is reduced based on the integrity of the armor. Likewise with helmets. Whereas in Arma3 BR, if you shot someone in the face, the helmet would have no effect. This made shot placement more relevant and made people seem less like impenetrable tanks.Networking / Performance:--Massive lag spikes (every ~3 matches you'll get a few)--Occasional server crashes (every ~6)-Looking at large cities drops framerate to <30 (GTX1080)-- (may 7th) 1 in 4 games hard-lock, no re-connect feature... (This hasn't happened in a bit)-- (may 14th) Ocassional indefinite loading screen (If you can hear things happening, screen comes back when ejected from plane)...-- (may 14th) Loading main menu constantly crashes...- Low framerates compared to graphics fidelityWeapon Balance:- From what I've experienced, kar98k vs ump with same scope at 100m-200m, ump wins- All weapons feel about the same in terms of power (secondary vs primary respectively)-- Almost no benefit to cover. The game doesn't make unassisted aim difficult and doesnt reward firing from protected positions with either a weapon resting or deployment mechanic.Scale:-- Compared to Arma3, a lot fewer variations of weapons, attachments, and gear. You rarely have to ""play with the hand you're dealt"" which I found challenging and fun.-- Compared to Arma3, terrain is much less varied, much less detailed. After playing a few rounds, the entire island is familiar.-- Scopes / Long range combat feels so artificial and not rewarding. You could have a 1km engagement in Arma3 if you had the gear. It felt tense.+ 64 (Arma3) vs 100; But at the cost of performance...Functional Aesthetics:-- Audio is pretty bad right now (In comparison to Arma3 undoubtedly)- There's a lot of open space, mostly just peppered with rocks. It feels really unnatural. Makes moving through non-urban areas awkward and uninteresting.+ Building interiors are much more detailed than Arma3Gameplay Nuances (In comparison to Arma3):-- No residual negatives to being wounded. In Arma3, if I'm not mistaken, leg wounds resulted in slower movement and arm wounds resulted in a more difficult aim.- Allows you to choose when you eject instead of forcing you to react to when you're let out-- You'll never have to pick camo depending on the region of the map or closing zone (Is it woodland, or more arid, or urban?)-- You'll never have to review the map and consider topology and work an approach that synergizes with the gear you have- It's hard to gauge enemy strength based on appearance, minus helmets. Everything is like color coded instead of being instinctively superior.-- Friendly icons. This made me super sad! In Arma3 BR you could see teammates position on map but did not get a HUD tag. This made it wayyy more tense and required you to clear buildings and secure areas tactically.+ Teammate revive is cool, adds a new dimension to game. Though as mentioned previously, hurts long range gameplay.+ Gear management is much more simplifiedThe ironic part is, a good of chunk of these negatives allow the game to be much faster paced and be more coop friendly. Though to be honest, what I liked most about Arma3 Battleroyale is that you could choose whether you wanted it actiony, stealthy, or what. It's not a bad game, and it's an easy entry game that the market demanded.I'd be interested to know what other Arma3 BR veterans think of it in comparison.I had a lot of fun playing it with my friends who never wanted to buy ARMA and hope to have more fun with it in the future."
76561197960562803,Not Recommended,578080,31115408,Posted: 13 April,all,WishMaster,"Fun so far, no wins yet, but a handful of 2nd place finishes and even more top 10.  Playing solo isn't too bad, duos and teams are even more fun.Word of caution: this game is beginning to be overrun with people using alternative means and additional software to gain an unfair advantage, however such talk can cause a ban so I will leave it at that.  The frequent updates make for a promising future however.  Not recommending for now until a better stance on exploitation management is taken by the developers."
,Not Recommended,578080,30907544,Posted: 2 April,all,Weaver,"Game has great potential and can be seriously fun, however in its current state it can be a lot more fustrating then fun at times.. I often find myself getting so fed up with this game at times due to its poor performence.. (expecially at the beginning of matches when seconds count.) I know it isn't my PC and I know the game is early access, but at the same time I do get tired of getting games on here that are only half done.. With that said this game will probably be a must have when the development team starts rolling out patches. (which to their credit they do do often.) In its  current state however I would not recommend buying it in less you are willing to do so to both support and struggle along with this game. ~Cheers."
,Not Recommended,578080,31180757,Posted: 16 April,all,Epsylon,"The concept is great, but unfortunately it is far from being worth 30 euros: this game needs SERIOUS optimization before it can be considered as playable. First time I see an app taking 8 GB of memory on my 16 GB system! Not mentionning the very poor rendering ..."
,Recommended,578080,30689774,Posted: 23 March,all,asdf,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is so much fun!This gives me old Dayz Mod PVP Vibes. Everything about this game is just smooth!Rip H1Z1
,Recommended,578080,30840392,Posted: 30 March,all,Gankdalf,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=891314101If you’re looking to buy a Battle Royale-esque then this is currently the best one out there. With that said the game does still have flaws (since it’s still in early access). Let’s go through the negative bits first.PerformanceThe game slows down in cities and drops FPS down to the 40s despite turning off shadows, lowering view distance and setting the AA setting to its lowest. Outside of large towns it’s usually great though & I get easily 100+ fps. This is on a computer that can run pretty much any game on high settings without any issues.SoundThis is my biggest gripe with the game so far. The sound in this game is very strange. Sometimes it sounds like shots are being fired from really far away when the shooter is actually quite close to you. There’s no ricochet sounds. Instead there’s something that sounds like an empty shell hitting the ground. Directional sound is off sometimes & it’s very hard to determine where they are actually coming from.The sound quality overall is pretty bad. There’s no “power” behind the sounds and it kind of sounds as if you’re firing a pellet gun under water most of the time.Lag & desyncWhen it gets bad it gets really bad. You basically cannot move because you keep rubberbanding back into your original position. It’s quite rare that it happens though. Most matches are flawless in terms of lag or desync.This or H1Z1? What’s good about PUBG?I personally enjoy PUBG more than H1Z1. Mainly because the gunplay is better and there’s not as many “♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t deaths”. I am referring to the 1v1 fights in H1Z1 where you could shoot a guy close range multiple times with a shotgun & somehow he’s got 95% hp left when he kills you.There’s a larger variety of weapons, armor and clothing in PUBG and all the clothing can be picked up in-game. You don’t have to buy anything with real money. You can unlock clothing permanently with in-game currency that you earn by playing matches. Both TEAM & Solo. At the moment there’s no microtransactions in PUBG.The team aspect is better in PUBG. If you die you can spectate your friends rather than get sent back to the menu .There’s an in-game team voip that you can use to communicate with random people that you get paired up with if you play alone in duos for example.The lobby to match process is faster than in H1Z1 so there’s less dead time between matches.The developers behind PUBG are more active & have posted a schedule for future planned patches.There's a lot of potential for PUBG to become even better and there's nothing that suggests that it wont happen. I think that the pricetag is fair for what it is but do not purchase this unless you are OK with the bugs that come with an early access game like this one."
,Recommended,578080,30745826,Posted: 26 March,all,xSilas43,Very poorly optimzed and filled with bugs but it just entered early access and is already much better than its competition.
,Recommended,578080,30791074,Posted: 28 March,all,Devil,better than H1Z1
76561198254912506,Recommended,578080,30871499,Posted: 1 April,all,Cachin LFT,"Best Battle royale by far! Meets all my expectations especially for an early access title, GG devs this is gonna be a awwesome updating journy!"
,Recommended,578080,30801858,Posted: 28 March,all,Fusha,"Playerunknown's Battlegrounds is one great game.Pros:Amazing engagements and battlesGreat damage modelPlay with yourself, another friend, or four friendsGreat if you don't have any friends, it auto matches you with other playersFun loot system, teirs are fun and I like the gun varietyVehicles can't be jumped out of, you'll die or take damageGuns are very fun to useCons:No in-game text chat, only voice. But this actually could be a good thing, since it forces players to use voice, and typing long messages won't get you killed againNew game so there is bound to be bugs and crashesNot great performance, I have a PC that can run BF1 and other games w/ all ultra settings, but this game I run at medium settings. Opening your inventory causes freezes of 3-5 seconds sometimes.I'm confident these bugs and cons will be worked out, and fixed!I have greatly been enjoying this game! Buy this if you have the money, definitely a great game"
76561198207498731,Recommended,578080,30854907,Posted: 31 March,all,Mya,"Good:-Unreal engine 4- Weapons & Customization- Awesome first person experience- your bullets actually hit the target- Better than H1Z1- You can play non stop with partyBad:- Needs optimization but it's playable- sometimes server lags- Needs fix on some animations- Players shouting "" shut up"" while on airplane- Could have been 20 dollars instead of 30 cause its EATotally worth to buy"
76561198073483145,Recommended,578080,30701770,Posted: 24 March,all,cambo751,"Great game, but no aussie servers."
,Recommended,578080,30806118,Posted: 28 March,all,Destiny,this game makes my heart beat faster than when i exercise :/
,Recommended,578080,30691184,Posted: 23 March,all,Alex,Correctly titled as the H1Z1 killer. Amazing game. I'd love to see Trading Cards and Achievements added to this game to make it 11/10. Optimisation has already been confirmed soon so everything is looking great for this game.
,Recommended,578080,30808044,Posted: 28 March,all,rik_40,"H1Z1 rip,this is the new meta, the best things from arma br mod + h1z1 kok put into one game! Squad or Duo People havent tried killing me so thats a good start of a game!Also there are many ways to improve your fpsi have a FX 8350 eight core 4.4 overclocked, 12gb ram, gtx 970 4gb vram and it actually runs better than i expected!i have it at low/medium settings and get more than 30 fps around 42-68 fps in heavy town areas and I still havent messed with the settings that much yet. The graphics are looking good for high or medium settings and also takes wayyyyyyyyyyyyy less time to load the game and load the map with 100 peeps.It just came out and it has less bugs than any other early access game Ive seen. Yes there is stuff here and there but its almost unnoticiable. The only real problem i had encounter was lag from server less than a minute which could easily be fixed.Cant wait for the updates!"
76561198081817827,Recommended,578080,31281723,Posted: 21 April,all,gymleaderthomas,"Awesome game, frame drops being the only problem, however the last patch seemed to improve it. So much fun."
,Recommended,578080,31287889,Posted: 21 April,all,Gary from Superjail,Pros:It's not H1Z1Cons:CHINA NUMBAH ONE
76561198320225322,Recommended,578080,31289209,Posted: 21 April,all,RisingSoldier07,READDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Get this game i promise u wont be disapointed. ive been searching for ever for a good game to come out AND THIS IS ITTTTT. My favorite fps on steam right now Gunplay is amazing with customization of guns not full detail but scopes muzzlebrakes an so forth.U will die alot at first but its so addicting u cant stop playing. 10/10 buy this game u will thank me. ur wife/gf not so much. mine hates me right now lol see u on the battlefield gents and ladiesBring ur  A GAME ULL NEED IT
76561198014641410,Recommended,578080,30708143,Posted: 24 March,all,Sloshtt,"TLDR Trench coat, kar98k and nothing but underwear on undernieth = endgame.this game runs a little rough, however I can mostly hold a solid 60 fps with some dips, i5 6700k 16gb ddr4 gtx970. for perspective.Gameplay works. shooting is fun, massive blood spats give you good feedback and look pretty cool. Some weapon balance needed for example smgs seem too weak to be effective at all.this game is fun as hell and will have your butt hole puckering in no time.Australians must band togeather and lobby playerunknown for AU servers. The rest will come with time. However i will add ping to asian servers isnt too offencive."
76561198020088917,Recommended,578080,31174031,Posted: 16 April,all,Nick|Wild,"Unlike other battle royal games, this game is not based on rushing and getting a quick kill. Camping with patience until you get a decent enemy vision is the main thing here.Pros:-Nice graphics-Weapon attachments are extremely coolCons:-FPS problems/Sound lag"
,Recommended,578080,30731177,Posted: 25 March,all,✪ PHiN,"The best Battle Royale game out there. Takes the best things from Arma 3 BR and H1Z1, although still different. It's tactical based and not arcadey.Cons:Optimization. There's a timeline out on that over the next 5 weeks. I had an older card during closed beta, but would struggle with settings on lowest, but my 1070 runs everything on high getting between 44-67 FPS with the odd sudden drop.Sound FX. Sometimes can be buggy and crackles.Animations. Again, can be buggy with constant reload, and jumping.I would give Pros, but I would list everything else about the game. It's a must buy."
,Recommended,578080,31205805,Posted: 17 April,all,Vidaric,"The game is A LOT of fun, even though it runs pretty badly given its early access state.Melee combat feels awkward, and every bit and then the gameplay feels a bit clunky.Having said that, I'm enjoying every single minute. Playing with friends makes the game even better."
,Recommended,578080,31343719,Posted: 24 April,all,シ Sad  Machine シ,You can drift like in tokyo
76561197983899671,Recommended,578080,31300331,Posted: 22 April,all,Xeak,"Very good game, especially for early access. The devs are making relevant updates frequently and optimizing. I have had next to no lag problems despite all these other reviews complaining about it. Just have a graphics card from the last two years and a solid internet connection guys -_- There are also complaints of aimbotters but I haven't had any obvious encounters with them myself. If you aren't going out of your way to find something to complain about I think anyone who is interested in this game will enjoy it fully."
76561198177354833,Recommended,578080,31217748,Posted: 18 April,all,FunGuh,"Love this game, however I am not very good at it... I would definately recomnend this game over other Battle Royale games such as H1Z1 (Which I hated) as Battlegrounds has a unique experience that is different to the other types. I would however like to see the game be better optimized as I get lower fps than expected."
,Recommended,578080,31213607,Posted: 18 April,all,Biff Mean,"I'll start off with an in-game moment that got my heart pumping:I start off sitting in a plane as per every match waiting for my two other buddies to pick a spot to drop in on and start the hunt for weapons. They drop...I drop a little late. They yell through the mics where they are heading but I fall short. A broken down temple surrounded by ruins separates me from my comrades...I see 3 other players (enemies) drop within the ruins surrounding me.I hit the ground and instantly scramble searching for a weapon, unable to find anything. My friends tell me they can't make it to me until they do the same and that it would be a few minutes. I hear footsteps near me...I run and hide and see two guys run past me. I wait for them to be outside of earshot and run the opposite direction into the center of the ruins. Moments later, I find a double barrel shotgun and 10 shots. The second I turn around one of the two I had seen earlier pops around the corner with an uzi. Too far away for the shotgun to be of any use, I try to dodge the barrage of bullets, getting hit until I'm at a sliver of health. He has to reload...I charge him with my shotgun and unload two into his head. I can't believe I made it...Then, his friend comes around the corner, charging me with a crowbar (he must have not found a gun yet). At this point, a pebble thrown at me would kill me...I hadn't had a chance to reload either, so I run around a corner and end up cornering myself. I start reloading...the guy is within a few feet...one hit and I will be dead...Then, a split second before he swings, I unload two shots into his chest as he falls in mid stride to the ground mere inches away from me...I meet up with my buddies and wonder what will happen next...It's experiences like these that really make me appreciate this game. I am not saying it is perfect in any way, it has a few glitches (nothing I would find game breaking, but this is my personal experience) but for how recently it was released it runs very well. Also, I have yet to have a bug or glitch (besides perhaps disconnecting from host once) affect my experience.Recommend to those who play:- The Culling- H1Z1: King of the Hill- DayZ (For style of combat, I find PUBG to be very similar)Pros:- Guns feel realistic (bullet drop, spray, recoil, etc)- Fun competitive play with Duo and Squad options (I personally prefer playing with friends over solo, but solo is still fun)- The game does provide a ""Rank"" System, if you can call it that, with the ability to acquire cosmetic items (at random) with in-game currency acquired from doing well in matches. It gives some motivation for coming back and playing more matches.Cons:- FPS Rates are not always constant, I hear this quite a bit but it doesn't affect me terribly. I am using a 960GTX, no, the game does not look pretty at that, but I get a consistent 60 FPS with occasional small lag spikes.- Matches CAN be quite long occasionally. You can pretty much choose the length of a match based on where you drop.- Reward System: As mentioned earlier, it does provide cosmetic items that you keep permanently from match to match, however, ALL the cosmetic items you can get in a ""crate"" (what you purchase outside of a match) can be found within a match on the ground. It seems to defeat the point of spending your hard earned currency on clothes that anyone can find on the ground in a match. No they don't get to keep it after the game ends, but you get what I mean.To be honest if you have been looking at the game for awhile, watched the gameplay, seen what it has to offer and are on the fence. Just jump over to the side where you actually buy it, I promise you it is a lot of fun and you will lose hours upon hours of your life to it!"
,Recommended,578080,31165739,Posted: 15 April,all,ludwa 28 kurac,epic
,Recommended,578080,31057975,Posted: 10 April,all,Zawdz,"Great game, cant wait to see the future for this game."
76561198061062327,Recommended,578080,31221050,Posted: 18 April,all,LilSpa,"This game is truly amazing. Even with a bit of glitches here and there (I believe they will be ironed out soon), it is still a very fun game to play!"
76561198067006861,Recommended,578080,31056619,Posted: 10 April,all,KingKurtis,Awesome game. Highly recommended
76561198032203981,Recommended,578080,31140506,Posted: 14 April,all,Benjani815,"loving this game, im a pc convert but this was the first game i bought and i dont regret it, takes a lot of getting used to for a pc virgin lol"
76561198201941851,Recommended,578080,31307994,Posted: 22 April,all,Svenne,This game makes me wanna rip out my guts and pour Acid on them. I have the exact same hate for this as CS:GO which means that I'm probably going to waste at least 500 hours on this pile of wank stain.Solid 8/8
,Recommended,578080,31356313,Posted: 25 April,all,Bjarne,Buggy - but fun - experience. I'm looking forward to better optimization.AND WHY IS THE TITLE IN CAPS LOCK?!
76561198079622700,Recommended,578080,30836997,Posted: 30 March,all,Tsmacks,better than h1z1
76561198255296658,Recommended,578080,31356817,Posted: 25 April,all,iizaney,This game is really fun but laggy at the start
,Recommended,578080,32671003,Posted: 23 June,all,cufy1k99,Nice game !
,Recommended,578080,32672700,Posted: 23 June,all,Sheep,good
,Not Recommended,578080,31228024,Posted: 18 April,all,Áxios,"Absolutely disgusting that they sell this game when their servers are as horrible as they are. Links at the bottom of the page as evidence. Player Unknown you should be ashamed, this is disgraceful and insulting.5 Tick servers. Lol, beyond pathetic. This is insulting, it's 2017, we put a man on the moon 42 years ago yet these idiots can't have half way decent servers? Shameful.Windows. You cannot shoot through them. If you're standing, you hit the window strut. If you're crouched, you shoot the wall below the window. Another deicison the devs made that is stunning, how did they take their first breath coming out of the womb? They're genuinely stupid human beings.Another brilliant decision: smoke grenades are client side. Basically, if you think you're concealed in your smoke, you're not. GG.These 3 points are completely game breaking. These things are what get you killed in the final circle when you're about to win. For no other reason than dumb decisions made by the development team. These 3 things need to be fixed before anyone should consider paying a cent for this game.Posted: Apr 18 @ 7:44pmPlayed 3 games.If you enjoy getting shot through doors, walls, hills and all sorts of other objects......... This is the game for you!  Wait for them to fix it or just disregard it completely.Updated: May 13 @ 6:24pmEdit:As of a recent patch which a few of my friends begged me to try, they've fixed 98% of the dsync and lag issues and as with any game, lag occurs from time to time. But the servers have been improved massively. Which I'm very pleased about, this is a game I definitely wanted to play but was sorely, sorely let down by my initial experience. Now it's much more enjoyable and more importantly playable.Updated: May 30thWell.... Apperently the devs aren't very skilled at this. They royally f**ked the servers again with a patch last night. Well done. Getting shot through walls, hills, entire buildings. That's all back as a feature in this game.This is a solid 'don't buy' for now. God only knows how many more times and how long the game will continue to get messed up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3eoYNZZLIghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHY3s53itr8https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dysWaoUJEGo"
,Recommended,578080,32672797,Posted: 23 June,all,subtleeaj,"Bluehole has really figured it out here. The devs are very atentative when it comes to the community. 9/10 do recommend, even in early access. 10/10 when it's officially not early access."
,Recommended,578080,31529942,Posted: 3 May,all,114514,"This game is good!For EA version, it's pretty good. Surely, there are some bugs, but the company updates the game weekly. I think this game is going to be better."
76561198132669134,Recommended,578080,31000300,Posted: 7 April,all,A salty Darius Main,A lot better than H1Z1
,Recommended,578080,31066338,Posted: 10 April,all,beats,"I've played this game for a few hours, and let me say I'm thoroughly hooked. Now there are a few things I need to iron out before I get into the good stuff, and that's the fact that this is early access. It means expect bugs, glitches, and content changes as the game goes on. This review was written during that period, so anything here could change over time.I've been a fan of battle royale games for a long time, but I could never really find one that I enjoy as much as this one. It doesn't bring anything particularly new to the genre, but what it lacks in overall content it makes up for in execution of that content. It feels just fast enough, with the play area shrinking over time and pushing the game at a moderate pace. There's loot everywhere, which is great because it levels the playing field a bit and lets you get started faster.The problem with games like these is that it can feel like it takes hours to get proper gear and be ready for whatever comes your way. Not with Battlegrounds. Games are over in the span of about 45 minutes, you're airdropped from a plane so you can choose exactly where you want to start, and see generally where the other players are going to be hanging out. I mean you can land and find an AKM with 90 rounds right next to it immediately, in some run down shack. It's great, and I love how quick this lets you jump into the game and get into the action.Another thing I like about the game is the bullet travel time, effective ranges, etc. They aren't lasers by any means, and to hit moving targets you need to learn to aim properly. Account for speed, bullet drop, and recoil management and you'll see that your shots hit their mark more often than not. There's also an attachment system which lets you customize your gun to some extent. You'll often see endgame players with fully modded weapons, and they do help quite a bit when you get down to it.A feature I'm glad wasn't introduced yet was the need for food/water. I really do not enjoy the ""survival"" part of these games, simply because it creates nearly useless loot that turns up everywhere in place of what could be really good. Now like I said this game is still in early access, so this could change. If it does come into the game I'm not going to complain, but I really like where it is now with no need for survival items. Your survival depends on your gear and your ability to assess the current situation.Beyond that it's just playing the game and having fun. Dying really doesn't feel that bad in general, although you will get unlucky and perhaps shout ""What?"" a few times as you play. It's so easy to jump in a game that you really don't mind dying though. There's no penalty to it, and it only drives you to go for that #1 spot again. This is a very well executed game and it works around that penalty of death in a very subtle, genius way.So, do you have what it takes to get that chicken dinner?"
76561198285158492,Recommended,578080,32772457,Posted: 25 June,all,jamesbithell,"Enjoy playing the game but the reward crates  are so pointless. it gives no incentive takes a good number of games to get enough for one, then you get a red t-shirt... change it to some weapon skins or something abit more appealing..."
,Recommended,578080,32143745,Posted: 2 June,all,КАПИТАЛИЗМ-ПЛОХО,Best kebab-removing simulator.
,Recommended,578080,31884324,Posted: 21 May,all,maxnamd,You'll not enjoy this game without your squad. So go find a squad before you play this game :D
76561197998589853,Recommended,578080,32941173,Posted: 28 June,all,Szechuan Sauce,"Great game. I even purchased 2 extra copies for my friends so I really hope the developers do more fix the bugs etc, and then the game will be perfect."
,Recommended,578080,32911954,Posted: 27 June,all,Quark,AS Server is like target practice.
,Recommended,578080,32900473,Posted: 27 June,all,Razora,Good game cant wait for it to be optimized
,Recommended,578080,32973037,Posted: 28 June,all,Syk0tik,did this for stickers :P
,Recommended,578080,32951591,Posted: 28 June,all,.theMasi,sis is♥♥♥♥♥♥m8
,Recommended,578080,32908699,Posted: 27 June,all,Lilboots,Best Battleroyal game out there.
76561198254621181,Recommended,578080,32843961,Posted: 26 June,all,☆☞J0CKEY ☜☆ Despacito,AWESOME
76561198066401496,Recommended,578080,32867054,Posted: 27 June,all,Jembley,Accurate real life simulator. I also eat chicken dinner about once a week.
76561198380165603,Recommended,578080,32659960,Posted: 22 June,all,TheFr3shLee,good♥♥♥♥♥game especially when the circle closes in thats when it gets intense
,Recommended,578080,32865365,Posted: 27 June,all,dB,"This game will be amazing once it's properly optimized, right now it's far from even being close to"
,Recommended,578080,32880549,Posted: 27 June,all,Key,games fungame lagswe all deal with itoverall thumbsup
,Recommended,578080,33043198,Posted: 30 June,all,stez,"It took me almost 20 hrs to get a win, but god damn it was worth it."
76561198257202666,Recommended,578080,33085820,Posted: 1 July,all,Silver Surfer,"Amazing Game, It must be developped"
,Recommended,578080,32344978,Posted: 11 June,all,Simonator,I never really liked battle royal games but this one actually keeps me playing
,Recommended,578080,32681025,Posted: 23 June,all,Doom,>Land on abandoned island>Find abandoned weapons>Profit
,Recommended,578080,31209592,Posted: 17 April,all,Tiger Woods,"fantastic game if you like the sort of game, hope it doesnt get stuck in the early access trend"
76561198169519713,Recommended,578080,30911128,Posted: 2 April,all,★ .AtMoris™,10/10 Best Gamer OMG <3<3
,Recommended,578080,31030173,Posted: 8 April,all,Toitles,This game is H1z1 mixed with arma 3 battle royale on steriods its beautiful!
76561198036835460,Recommended,578080,32956682,Posted: 28 June,all,Warrior -Monks-,Running Simulator 2017what you do in this game:- loot houses- look for people-RUN TO THE WHITE CIRCLE- meet people- try to kill them- get ambushed- dieand then you do it again!
,Recommended,578080,31239087,Posted: 19 April,all,Preacher109,Everything H1Z1 coulld of been and is not.
,Recommended,578080,33117681,Posted: 1 July,all,Scrump,Fun
76561198127684214,Recommended,578080,31674173,Posted: 10 May,all,Psychotic Panda,"PUBG is a fun game, a lot better then H1Z1 but some things are better than others.Pro's:- Huge Map.- Huge Playerbase.- A ton of different weapons/attachments.- Amazing Graphics/Texture ( If you have a good PC ).- The ability to search Solo/Duo/Squad.- Each weapon feels as capable to use as another.- The amount of loot around the map waiting to be found.- Random supply drops, which is great for someone who takes risks or is lucky.Con's:There isn't a whole lot of con's to this game however these are ones that personally bug me.- FPS is quite shocking for most people who haven't optimized the hell out of their game.- Buildings sometimes takes forever to appear.- Sometimes being shot through objects such as rocks or bricks ( Rarely ).But all in all I love this game 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,578080,32141930,Posted: 2 June,all,DOGGZTER,"Started game, went in to it all with a positive mineset, got ingame was greeted with 40 fps on very low @ 1600x900 with a 1060. Decided to continue playing either way and was greeted with a ♥♥♥♥ing fapping noice meant to be a silencer froma ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ behind a tree.<10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,578080,33114633,Posted: 1 July,all,David,yes
,Recommended,578080,33122736,Posted: 2 July,all,U-CAN-FUCK-OFF,This is the best game
76561197968448464,Recommended,578080,32967859,Posted: 28 June,all,Cerebral Lawlzy,Fun times to be had! Worth the buy.
,Recommended,578080,30801274,Posted: 28 March,all,Defcon101,It has borderless window so its already better than h1z1
,Recommended,578080,31189749,Posted: 16 April,all,Inexo,yes
76561198109876712,Recommended,578080,33000389,Posted: 29 June,all,Solo,GOOOOD game
76561198262796167,Recommended,578080,31832939,Posted: 18 May,all,StrongerSmarterEveryDayOrBan,Freakin Love Dis♥♥♥♥♥♥Man.
,Recommended,578080,32163496,Posted: 3 June,all,Ptx,"PUBG is such a great game because it provides you with the initial size of Battlefield, the loot aspect of an MMO with RNG based factors, while eding in a Call of Duty / Counter-Strike action filled adrenaline rush."
,Recommended,578080,33334849,Posted: 6 July,all,mzqxz<3,"Recommended, get the game if you enjoy fast paced games, pans and hiding behind trees.Some things can be changed, but for Early Access, the game runs smooth and is heading into the right direction."
76561197982188388,Recommended,578080,30757429,Posted: 26 March,all,Kapten IKEA,Most fun ive had in a game in a while.
,Not Recommended,578080,33102338,Posted: 1 July,all,Darthuma,I don't understand the hype behind this game. Yes I understand it is early access but it is mind numbingly boring. I tried getting into it I really did. You can spend around 20 mintues not finding a single soul or any good weapons to protect yourself from someone that was lucky enough to find one +armor. On the other hand if you spawn on a heavily populated area your chances of getting almost instantly killed are significantly increased. You'll be lucky if you get 6 kills in half an hour without getting taken out from someone camped in a corner with a shotgun.  I give it half of a meh.This review is subject to change once the full game releases and more content is added over time.
,Recommended,578080,31000232,Posted: 7 April,all,Steel Lynx,"What a game.I am only 2 hours in, already lost 2 years of my lifetime due to the adrenaline. Great community so far; the first guy killing me whilst I had no gear apologized, the 1st random guy I played duo with didnt bash me as a noob but gave me valuable tips.Faith in gaming communities restored. Don`t be afraid, there is no ""me"" in ""team"". Wait..."
,Recommended,578080,31219909,Posted: 18 April,all,stew // on vacation,you can run yourself over with a car
76561198271107243,Recommended,578080,32734008,Posted: 24 June,all,Steeny,"PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS is a really fun game to play with friends. I is quite buggy but the overall experience is still fun. The thrill of making it into the top ten by youself or with your friends is exillerating. My least favorite part of the game is how long it takes for the matches to progress. Overall, it is a good time but does get rather repetitive 8/10"
76561198039723688,Recommended,578080,31341123,Posted: 24 April,all,I'm Probably Batman,"This game helped me and my friends quit our addictions to MOBA's. It feels really great to play something refreshing with a great concept that can keep me going even when I am getting frustrated with it. The patches are really limiting the bugs I have been experiencing so far, and as of the latest patch I am no longer crashing before some of my games start. The only bug I still have is a sound glitch in the airbase that's making multiple gunshots going off at once make it seem like I am sitting next to a helicopter, very stuttery. I'm used to it at this point, and I am aware the Dev's have it as a pinned known issue in their forum section, so it just a matter of time.I can highly recommend this game for it's gameplay, graphics, and potential as more guns/vehicles/maps are included. I can not recommend you play this game with a bad computer/laptop. (If you think you can't, you can't.) I can not recommend you play this game with the ingame music enabled either. The community is a mess in the airfield but in random Duo and Squad games the random's you play with when not with friends do try their best to work together and communicate. It's very difficult to give an enemy's position to someone who has not seen them. You will have to keep an eye on your compass, and try your best to describe which tree out of 100 they are sitting behind. I can not recommend this game if you do not have a microphone for this reason. I have found good players so far that are also great to talk to, and I have been growing my discord server more and more each time I play.This game can best be described to someone who is unfamiliar with the title as a First or Third Person Open World Shooter, with random spawns of loot in houses and other areas throughout the entire map, a play area is designated once all 100 players in each game touch the ground, and after 5 minutes begins to shrink the play area to a circle, getting smaller and smaller over time until eventually you are forced to be within hugging distance of your enemies. This is a great concept to prevent camping and to make the rounds ""shorter,"" since they can still take up to an hour if you and the last player(s) alive choose to hide until the circle completely closes, and everyone's health begins to rapidly decay, until the last person alive wins. The only game currently on steam comparable to this is H1Z1: King of the Kill, a mod of H1Z1: Just Survive, which was created by Brendan Greene, who just so happenes to be Player Unknown. However, H1Z1 belonged to the people who own Planetside 2, so obviously it's future is not looking great. This game however, is getting better with every patch, while currently H1Z1 is patching it's heart out just to try and keep up.I have put almost 300 hours in, and I do not plan on stopping anytime soon. For that reason, It is worth every dollar spent. If you do not like the first two hours, you will not like the first 200. Refund quickly if you're skeptical, but willing to try."
,Recommended,578080,33241752,Posted: 4 July,all,Klaw,"Boring to watch, excessively fun and stressful to play."
,Recommended,578080,33299221,Posted: 5 July,all,PixelStretch,"This Game not only has a development team that actually listens to its fans, (cough cough, DayZ) but it also has enjoyment that will keep most people content, round after round. I love this game and I really do enjoy getting better at it!"
76561198175723499,Recommended,578080,31221410,Posted: 18 April,all,scottythoty,best game ever 10/10 the devs are always letting us know what going on and alway updating ! id say buy this game !
76561198064050228,Recommended,578080,33331833,Posted: 6 July,all,jpofasho,"Great game, lots of time spent on it. devs always updating game and improving."
,Recommended,578080,33297671,Posted: 5 July,all,Pepes,the chance of heart attack is increasing as the player alive start to decrease.you don't need cardio exercise anymore.. just play this game..10/10
,Recommended,578080,33268105,Posted: 5 July,all,kuZhov,"It has pump-action shotgun and shotgun choke.And devs aren't russian. This is good, isn't it?"
,Recommended,578080,33336830,Posted: 7 July,all,Johnnaras21,Tryhard Simulator 2017
,Recommended,578080,33336043,Posted: 7 July,all,PengenMainTerusTapiNgantuk,Mantap Djiwa Raga
,Recommended,578080,31257316,Posted: 20 April,all,Zenix,"Reviewed after update on 20/04/2017Optomisation has improved much more, my GTX 770 can run this more smoothly. Before in cities would get 15-20 fps now around 45fps. On open ground 60fps.However one bug still occurs where the textures dont load for buildings and im not able to enter them... exiting the game and reloading steam helped.Overall:Intense, Fun game where team communication is key, GET THIS GAME!!!"
76561198093036392,Recommended,578080,30918278,Posted: 3 April,all,Windzy,Awesome game!  Already played way too much!  And even after being 3 months since release im still playing way too much.  Unbelievably addicting and I don't know why.
76561198027776872,Recommended,578080,31238037,Posted: 19 April,all,HammaBro,"On the surface it's your standard battle battle royale game, beneath that though it's the most intense horror game you will ever play. Hiding in a house without a weapon as you hear footsteps getting closer and closer. You slowly make your way outside and just when you think it's safe a bush shoots you in the face with a shotgun.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants due to bush monster again."
,Not Recommended,578080,31289999,Posted: 21 April,all,lit,"I've been playing this game for a bit now and I think it's time I threw my two cents in. It's fun when you get to play it which is not often (at least for me.) The overall concept has been done before (by the same creator no less) and like the others, this game has it's faults. As of right now it's almost unplayable for me and here is why. Everytime I start a match, it takes a good 3-4 minutes for any buildings to load. They are instead replaced with awful ""squiggly"" models. I get put at a significant disadvantage when I can't get loot or see any buildings or obstacles to maneuver around them without bugging out. Most of my runs has ended up with me getting shot while on the run until the buildings loaded in or my team having to help me out. Both situations are less than ideal and really takes a blow in the gameplay. Sometimes when I actually get to play I also get extreme frame rate drops. This is especially  apparent during gun fights which is also an issue. The actual game has a lot of potential and is of course an early access game. I did not expect too much but as of right now it has some major issues that I would like to see fixed. I will continue to play this game for a good while, at least until there are some solid changes but as of me writing this review, I would not recommend it unless you're okay with playing a real game 1/5 times and wasting a lot of time."
,Recommended,578080,33374178,Posted: 8 July,all,Bonkey,Love it.So much potential.
,Recommended,578080,33375586,Posted: 8 July,all,Peacock,best game of the year 2017 and hasn't even been released yet
,Recommended,578080,33374164,Posted: 8 July,all,Masfet Don,"we have day, we have sunset.  Would love to see a night map where one can see with moonlight. Please"
76561198160590433,Recommended,578080,31406528,Posted: 27 April,all,Stodgyjarl,10/10 would recamend.
,Recommended,578080,33265770,Posted: 5 July,all,Triple,"Each patch actually fixes things, game is best with friends, solo is boring."
76561198118098249,Recommended,578080,33141865,Posted: 2 July,all,NOGGER,veri nais ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,578080,31084642,Posted: 11 April,all,rekt,i never liked battle royale games but this game something different
,Not Recommended,578080,33421683,Posted: 9 July,all,^1H^2o^3b^4b^5e^6r^7t^2s,So this game is fun reminds me of Day-Z but worse yeah so there is lag every 2 seconds in this game i enjoy picking up loot and survival but its hard to do when your lagging all the time literally i have 40 ping all the time but this game has issues you should have done what dayz has done and had an alpha because right now dayz is better than this game.
,Recommended,578080,33029541,Posted: 30 June,all,Mokacoff3e,good
,Not Recommended,578080,33388385,Posted: 8 July,all,MrJenssen,"You pay 30 dollars to run around and pick up the same stuff over and over. I can see that people find this appealing, but for people like me, it isn't fun at all. I'm still playing the game, only because it's the only thing all my friends are playing.So, before you buy the game, do some research. Find out whether it looks like a game that could be fun for you. But don't expect that just because a whole country's worth of people have bought the game, that it'll be fun for you personally."
76561198261341645,Recommended,578080,33389502,Posted: 8 July,all,Deny™ csgo-raffle.com,Nice game :D
,Recommended,578080,31642257,Posted: 9 May,all,Solid Snek,Its fun. I played a few of the other pvp survival/battleroyal games and this is definetly one of the better ones.I just hope it gets optimised lol.
76561198330550144,Recommended,578080,33043128,Posted: 30 June,all,XnotY,the gameplay was awesome but it`s laggy event though u choose nearest server
76561198073757765,Recommended,578080,33380880,Posted: 8 July,all,togo 💮,50% Luck20% dying in the first minute because you jumped millitary base20% circle not favoring you10% skill
,Recommended,578080,33357578,Posted: 7 July,all,Bud,"This game makes the player feel tense with an actual sense of value and fear for their characters life, something that similar games fail to do, and I would definitely recommend it given that 4 million purchases have been made in its first month, and that I had 30 hours of gameplay in the week after my own purchase. What really makes the game is it's use of sound in footsteps and gunshots, however the player movement,in a word, just feels sloppy. Your player gets caught on rocks and steps of cement that barely reach their knees, and cannot jump over such without a running start. I understand that the game is in it's earlier stages, but with a type of gamemode as competitive as it is, the slightest flaw makes the experience too frustrating."
,Recommended,578080,33357829,Posted: 7 July,all,Guts,This game is absolutely amazing. I am so addicted to it and i bought it just a few days ago. One of the best games i have ever played.
,Recommended,578080,33252067,Posted: 4 July,all,echobeta12™,"Insert into a weird place.Use meme knowledge to state ""I don't know who I am, I don't know why I'm here. All I know is I must kill.""Figure out how the UI works.Acquire SKS and drop 4 dudes kinda accidentally while making for that swag♥♥♥♥♥hill.Find a dude holed up in a small structure, recognize golden opportunity to finally fling that grenade that you've been holding onto since forever.Throw it wrong and blow yourself up.5/7 would throw grenades again."
76561198089457968,Recommended,578080,31069940,Posted: 10 April,all,Gaybryael,"26 people leftWe are behind the wall getting an airdropMr. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ drives to our friend getting the airdropSwerves to the right and hits him causing him to get downI get out and try to revive our friend.Mr. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ drives off leaving us to dieI revive our friend and he gets down againWe both dieThanks Mr. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you are now dead to me"
,Recommended,578080,32207331,Posted: 5 June,all,Ashley,"30 or so hours on the game, only come in the top 3 a handful of times.Spent most of my time looking at grass wondering if it's a player or not, then getting shot from the middle of nowhere.10/10 will get attacked in a field again."
,Recommended,578080,33458676,Posted: 11 July,all,Zee Skipper,Feels like being in a constant CS:GO clutch on a big map
,Recommended,578080,32273050,Posted: 8 June,all,Revo,Best Battle Royale Game Currently
,Recommended,578080,32207817,Posted: 5 June,all,Flaxon,"Woke up on a small island with a bunch of people running around shooting each other. They weren't dying, but after just one minute or so I found myself on a plane with these people. Someone pushed me out of the plane and I parachuted down to a nearby town. Then someone bashed my head in with a frying pan.10/10, would play again."
76561198052983291,Recommended,578080,30864522,Posted: 31 March,all,Peanut Arbuckle,"Adrenaline pumping from having bullets whip and crack past your head brings back fond DayZ/Arma memories.PUBG however is a lot more simple, fast-paced, and fun to play.  It's the best selling game on steam for a reason."
,Recommended,578080,30838437,Posted: 30 March,all,Welshy,AMAZING GAME LOTS OF FUN :)
76561198019715336,Recommended,578080,30713730,Posted: 24 March,all,Happy Meal,"Hiding out in a building with 2 of your friends, fully decked out. Being surrounded by a couple of squads of atleast 3 people and surviving. 10/10 would survive that♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
,Recommended,578080,31788875,Posted: 16 May,all,EF,"Even for another EAcc game, PUBG is pretty solid so far.I was really on the fence to start off with after not finding other somewhat similar games(DayZ/WarZ/etc) kinda boring.I had wanted to try H1Z1 but after watching a lot of YT vids of people playing it and the glitches/brokeness(normal jumping causing fall deaths? no thnx) mixed into the release-skins-1st-Fk-updates mentality I was just so turned off.I read that PU was involved in Dayz/H1Z1 as well, and at first I just thought ""Nope."". However that quickly changed after seeing how the game mechanics operated, as well as just how the general gameplay was, when I watched a few of my fav YT'ers playing this.Leaning? Prone? Weapon attachments? Lotsa cars? Boats? Enterable buildings? Large Map? Slowly shrinking payable zone area forcing relatively fast games(20-40min)?Yep, yip, yeppity yep, and more!!!Yeah as a note, of course since it's an EA game, it's still pretty buggy. I have played far worse EA games, but only a couple or few that were more stable. I've only ctd'ed once in my 20hrs of gameplay. I haven't found any players I'd call hackers after they killed me, 95% of the time I knew where they were and/or how I was gonna die. I'm not saying however that there aren't hackers, as I see hack vids on YT for PUBG.Even though I cant compare this to H1Z1 but can for DayZ/etc, I would assume it's safe to say you'd like this game."
,Recommended,578080,31339438,Posted: 24 April,all,DILETANT-3,"Must have, dear friends.Its fantastic."
,Recommended,578080,31330377,Posted: 23 April,all,ShellAne,Plays like Microsoft Excel 2010 but with better combat and graphics.
,Recommended,578080,31109517,Posted: 12 April,all,ArmoredPsycho,"You need skill, gear and a little luck.Play smart and you may find yourself last one alive out of 100 players.That feeling is like no other."
,Not Recommended,578080,32554206,Posted: 18 June,all,Flicc,"The game has a ton of potential and is fun when it works, but right now it's still so glitchy and poorly optimized that it is virtually unplayable.  Tuck your $37 somewhere safe for another day and come back for this game later, but right now don't set your hopes too high."
76561198030832245,Not Recommended,578080,32548285,Posted: 18 June,all,GameRookie1,"The Servers in Europe are abyssmal... Headshots, do not register, you blast half a magazine into someones body, only for them to headshot you without you dealing so much as a scratch...."
76561198097532672,Recommended,578080,31892988,Posted: 21 May,all,[HaS]Drunkenjedi,"I did recieve this game as a gift. My brother purchased it for me so we could play together. A little over 30 hours in, I have 2 chicken dinners, and I've never felt so hungry. The gameplay, strategy, the way this game can get your heart racing i haven't really felt in a game in a while. I don't normally enjoy this hunger game style kind of games, but this one is really fun. They have a lot they need to improve, optimization, more items in crates for permanent clothing, mainly optimization and net code. Once they have that down, I feel like this game is going to do even better then it already is. For now, I don't mind playing with this poor optimization, me, my brother, and our friends are having a blast, and I hope everyone gets a taste of the chicken dinners! Kudos to these game makers, I hope they continue the good work and keep pushing for perfection."
,Recommended,578080,31759919,Posted: 14 May,all,tteett,"Used to play H1Z1: King of the Kill every once and awhile, and then stopped playing because of how old it got. Another reason of quiting the game was because of the update of the new map. The biggest thing I hate about H1Z1 is all of the colorful clothing they have in the game, making everyone look stupid.*If one of the developers read this, please don't add colorful clothing like H1Z1, that is all I ask from you.*After getting this game when it released, I have loved it ever since. This game is always entertaining whenever you play. I find this game really fun when you have some friends to play with. I don't play much solo's because of how many people try really hard to win. I have had some really funny moments while playing in some games. One time I landed and retrieved a viehicle on the road and all of a sudden I see a car coming my way so I try to ram him head on, and out of no where 2-3 more cars pop up. It turned into a bumper car event haha. Love the game and I really hope that the game grows from this moment on, and continues to update and improve on everything they can."
76561198103935032,Recommended,578080,32524250,Posted: 17 June,all,M3RCH3NDIS3,well besides the toxic community and the lag the game runs well and is great 9/10
76561198302056957,Recommended,578080,32540728,Posted: 18 June,all,TomRii,one of the best games i ever played!
76561198526821096,Recommended,578080,31492196,Posted: 1 May,all,OT38,game keeps closing while i am waiting for the match to beginnen
76561198126742701,Recommended,578080,32545096,Posted: 18 June,all,Rhubie,"This game deserves awards.It allows 100 players to PVP it out to their hearts contents while not completely basing the gameplay on the luck.It does have some glitches and sometimes slow servers, but with the player base and type of game what do you expect. The team behind this game releases weekly updates, diminishing any game breaking item or glitch.I would buy this game now in order to play with the regualar updates and changing gameplay.No two matches will ever be alike.10/10 Best Game of 2017"
,Not Recommended,578080,31196532,Posted: 17 April,all,Nidith,"a great game with a lot of potential, but i wouldn't buy it yet unless you're okay with playing with 20fps on very low settings. wait for a sale and then get it, or wait a few months untill they've optimised it a bit better."
,Not Recommended,578080,31387732,Posted: 26 April,all,shaul,Probably wont run well on your computer without extensive tinkering....just wait it out
,Not Recommended,578080,31094117,Posted: 12 April,all,iolaire,"GETTING REALLY SICK OF ""LOST CONNECTION TO HOST"""
