user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,579760,35111196,Posted: 21 September,all,fR0z3n.s0u1,"Slightly weaker than the previous titles. Feels kinda rushed, but rather finisned. Backgrounds are less detailed, some sprites as well, the team exhaustion definitely shows itself and is very understandable.BUT! The third part has good music, is pretty light on puzzles (never had to scratch my head too much) and finally, IT DELIVERS AN ENDING! Unlike many other episodic titles, if you know what I mean.On par with the two previous parts, third one took me almost exactly 3 hours to beat.If you liked the first two parts, go get this one now."
,Not Recommended,579760,35156483,Posted: 23 September,all,NyappiCat,"Believe me, I really wanted to give this game a positive review, I really did. But I don't think it's worth £15/$18 for the following reasons:I loved the first and second instalment but I must say this is the weaker of the three. I was devastated to find out that the composer passed away during the development of the second game, because I feel like this chapter and its ambience noticeably suffers. The first two games had a nice feel-good Caribbean atmosphere to them and this last one just seems to take a giant leap into a different genre, as if they were desperate to push a grand plot in the last game. I watched the trailer after completing the game and was surprised to see that they chose to highlight that rock and roll was gonna save the day... it's just so far from their initial vision.I'm also disappointed to see that they used what looks like cheap particle effects (eg. gifs of explosions) and that they've left in a bunch of jagged artefacts from the animation (wish I could include screenshots here, but oh well), which makes this game feel as if they rushed the release. The juice girl and Lina's voice acting were a bit awkward and the puzzles were less complicated than I expected.All this being said, I did like the end and the puzzles were fun to complete. The general animation was amazing and had great frame rates, and the composition of the camera shots were nice and effective in building suspense. Generally, the backgrounds were beautifully designed, although it feels like the developers were unsure of what they wanted to do with the game so they just threw in every possible environment (beaches, evil caves, snowy mountains, cyberpunk cities... what?).I just want to end this by saying that I know I'm being harsh on this game, but it's out of love. I know they already had to push this release back from August til now, I just wish they hadn't set a deadline and instead had taken all the time they needed to polish the small details, because this is one of the best point and click series and I think it deserved something more.TLDR: Overall it was an alright game, but it is weak in comparison to the past releases and lacks some polish. I would have let it slide if it weren't for the price tag."
,Recommended,579760,35126189,Posted: 22 September,all,<[L4Desu]> FlaSh.G,"A proper finale for this great series. I finished it in 4 hours and so will you, but it's definitely worth picking up anyway. The whole series has this amazing feel with fantastic locations, a great visual style and an over the top soundtrack.Also, in my eyes, all three games surpass most point and click adventures by exclusively having logical puzzles rather than forcing you to try random thing combinations sooner or later."
,Not Recommended,579760,35132790,Posted: 22 September,all,mœ §º¿¸º§,"I wanted to like it but that's my fault for having high expectations from three years of labour spent on a 3-4 hour video game. Still, I honestly cannot recommend this game at anything close to original price.As with many other projects spanning several years and several releases, this game series also seems to have lost its originally intended direction, and it's a damn shame.- The game suffers from the same value for money spent issue as the earlier episodes (at their release).- The puzzles are MUCH too easy and shallow, I could count the amount of long-lasting puzzles without obvious solutions on one hand; it feels like the puzzles were added afterwards to make an animated movie into barely a video game.- The direction they went with in terms of ambiance and art style, however aesthetically pleasing to me, just seems really odd after having played the first two episodes. It's very far from having an ""Afro-Caribbean"" vibe. It just feels like the original direction of the trilogy was lost somewhere long ago and only the characters remained.- Voice acting is remarkably atrocious at times. More often than not, this is due to poor mastering or recording, not due to the voice actors. Voiceovers and their scripts felt very rushed to me in several spots.On the flipside:- The sountrack is great, it's absolutely amazing, actually. Jamie Salisbury did a really good job.- The story, while forgettable and without any real plot twists, had a decent conclusion.- While (as aforementioned) unfitting, the art is gorgeous and I found myself appreciating the scenery of the city in a lot of places, especially when accompanied by the unique soundtrack. I'm a sucker for Blade Runner-like gritty cyberpunk. Dark nights, neon lights and lit up highrises. Raised highways with cars whizzing past. Views of poverty, crime, prostitution, cigarettes, unhappy populace barely making due. I won't go more into detail in fear of spoiling parts of the plot, I think you get the idea."
,Recommended,579760,35214366,Posted: 25 September,all,strudo76,"Great ending to the triology. I found this one to be less enjoyable though than the two previous games. Seemed to be more filler and cut scenes, and less puzzle solving. Less comedy focus as well. Still an enjoyable game, but definately play the first two as they are great and most of this game won't make sense without that background."
,Recommended,579760,35139787,Posted: 22 September,all,peyote,"* * * * *What a wonderful final third chapter. Thank you Skgoblin for this amazing journey. I'm totally down with this, Maaaan! :D"
,Recommended,579760,35168804,Posted: 23 September,all,the peapod man ✅,a decent conclusion to a fantastic trilogy. love these games
,Recommended,579760,35330171,Posted: 30 September,all,Chrogion,Just finished the game. The third part is a worthy successor. It has a different vibe than the other parts. It's more grim/emotional. But there is still good humor to be found. The people who made this still know how to create an awesome adventure game and I am looking forward to their future games.
76561198090837353,Recommended,579760,35112984,Posted: 21 September,all,Wolffs,Point and click game with decent humour but no dumb humour. <- May wary because of induvidual preferences.Very good cut scenes for a point and click game.Another point is that the world is very original.The game also give realistic view thatsomebig companies got to much power at the expense of users
76561198119393426,Recommended,579760,35149824,Posted: 23 September,all,elin.molander,"A very beautiful and satisfying ending to an awesome trilogy.Characters that can't be resisted, a beautiful art style with unique 80s cyberpunk/afro-caribbean crossover touch and a rocking soundtrack. The puzzles are slightly more easy-going than in previous installments.I recommend to start with the first two chapters to get the most out of it of course."
,Recommended,579760,35150523,Posted: 23 September,all,MeloncraftLP,"I am loving this game. I only have played an hour or so, but it's great. I am sure, I'll enjoy in the future. But before you play this game, I would recommend you to play both chapters 1 and 2. HF with this fantastic game!"
76561198315832518,Recommended,579760,35228599,Posted: 26 September,all,rln.tonks,"I'm not sure how I feel about this game? I loved Bwana. He remained the same, as hilarious as ever. And the cactus! But....the game, overall, felt less challenging then the other two. Only two parts really stumped me-the islands with Lena and the microphone bit with Bwana. That in itself isn't enough to make the game that bad but....(cons)-There's a moment when someone is talking about cops and they say ""police beastiality."" ....Was that purposeful? Or was it supposed to say ""brutality""? Cause if that was purposeful, that's cool....-This game was released a month late. But the graphics weren't quite there. At least 3 characters didn't fit with the surroundings. They didn't look right, they didn't look like the background or other characters. Apart from being different, they also looked bad. 2 were the juice ladies, and 1 was the dad (I can't spell his name) when he was with Lena. At one point he was fuzzy as all get out.-Also on the island there was a quite clear distortion in pixels, down a straight line (when you'd sail away.)-There was a lag on most of the cut scenes, it was really skippy. Kinda like an unbuffered streamed movie.I'm not a computer person, so I don't know if these are just my computer and the way it downloaded (the skipping and the weird island distortion line), or actual problems with the game.Another thing that bothered me in this game was incomplete actions and animation felt rough. For instance: When Bwana and Kito are climbing into the chain thing, you don't get to see them hop in. Bwana says ""lets go!"" and it cuts to them already being in it (which I think takes away from possible fun moments). Or the elevator shaft with Gabi, Bwana is by the open door way, and then it cuts to their both safe. That's just two examples. Cut scene to action was also rough. And one moment I thought was really bad was in the rubble, the rocker and gabi were on the ground and then Bwana pops in frame. Like if he was supposed to be under a rubble pile, that wasn't there either. It was two people in frame and then he popped right in, as opposed to if he had been under rubble already there. It was two people and then POP! Bwana was there too.So for an extra month, there are a lot of rough graphics.Pros:-the people were cool. I couldn't believe Rose existed. I thought I had misunderstood what her job was. Nope.-the cussing startled me. Maybe it shouldn't have. I guess I'm used to games like Nancy Drew.-Bwana and the cactus-Getting to see Bwanas dad.-I didn't get stuck forever in this game like the last two. I guess it was just a lot easier. That's a win/lose.-I adored the scenery though.Overall, I'd say wait for any kind of sale for this game and that it's a little behind the first two games, overall polish and in terms of enjoyment. But it's worth playing!"
76561198320113805,Recommended,579760,35169983,Posted: 23 September,all,Ducky Momo,"Although the game was a bit weird, i still love it!"
,Recommended,579760,35253800,Posted: 27 September,all,Plato Karamazov,"This series is simply a joy to play. No more, and no less than that."
76561198160633748,Recommended,579760,35424742,Posted: 2 October,all,delanogarner,"Very fun adventure. The puzzles were maybe a bit too easy, but the game is a ton of fun, if not a bit too short."
,Recommended,579760,35442979,Posted: 3 October,all,davidolgarsson,"A refreshingly funny and well-written comedy adventure trilogy, with top notch voice acting, surprisingly good and super-stylized cel-shaded graphics and an entertainingly charming(albeit sometimes a bit confusing in its mythology) neo noir-meets-african-folklore-story. The final part might be a bit too easy, puzzle wise, and flew by very quickly, but as a whole, TJD succeds in doing something new and funny in the otherwise rather stale, unfunny and derivate genre of comedy adventure games."
,Recommended,579760,35113268,Posted: 21 September,all,DASPRiD,"I really enjoyed playing this game, which is valid for all three chapters. I was through after 3.3 hours of playtime, but that's probably because I'm used to such adventure games and know what I'm normally looking for when I'm stuck (which I was really only at one point because I overlooked something).Overall there are not too many locations in each part to visit, so you won't get lost. I can recommend this chapter of the game to anyone who likes point and click adventures, but if you haven't played the first two chapters, start with them of course!I highly appreciate the developer for supporting Linux with a Day-0 release! That's something far more developers could embrace. I didn't notice any bugs at all and the game ran just as smoothly as the prior chapters did.Overall, this game great animations, good music and an amazing voice cast put together, and the story is just lovely. I caught myself at the final cinematic applauding, which I'd usually never do, but the ending was just so well done and funny."
76561198282479990,Recommended,579760,35210174,Posted: 25 September,all,morea85,I love this game! Beautiful!
76561198296763520,Recommended,579760,35190732,Posted: 24 September,all,rhan.howe,"I'd been waiting for the final chapter of The Journey Down all year, and it really delivers! There are more little side stories that could be explored in future games, but this  wraps up the Afro-Caribbean mythopunk noir arc that's made the JD games so much fun to follow. The story remains imaginative and engaging, characters are just that nice little bit over the top (especially the side characters), the music is great, and the puzzles are entertaining without the danger of players getting stuck or frustrated. The solutions are all within your grasp if you're willing to chat with the surrounding characters and occasionally say, ""Eh, what the heck? Let's give it a try!""Gameplay is straightforward; the only bone I have to pick is that some of the transitions between scenes loaded slowly, so the screen was dark for all of 4 seconds. That's a pretty small bone."
76561197980310391,Recommended,579760,35203509,Posted: 25 September,all,irisM,"If you liked the first 2 chapters, you will like this one too. The atmosphere is really good, love the neon art. Good mix between jungle and the city. Puzzles not too complicated, but still fun to do! Really creative writing. Can't wait to see what Sky Goblin has in store!"
76561197965811997,Not Recommended,579760,35283144,Posted: 28 September,all,Plague Doctor,"Without a doubt, the polish on this installment is noticeably better (you can tell by the cut scenes). BUT. That ends up not being a good thing. Despite the effort of making things look better, all the charm is lost with the tempo change, over abundance of long exposition, and way too many drawn out cut scenes. Stopped playing once I realized I was spending more time watching cut scenes than figuring out puzzles. Non of which were interesting in my hour of play.For anyone looking forward to exploring the Underland, you know, the place both the last two games were building too, give that idea a pass. Unless there is more to that place later in the game, the Underland is nothing more than a montage at the beginning, and 4 areas/scenes at the start. AND how the heck is all this previously known knowledge of the Underland not mentioned before, showing up now? It’s like they knew everything about the place other than door combinations without the journal. Last I recall the Journey down was the only account of anything down there to reach the surface.It’s really sad about their team loss, what is just as sad is how it shows in the game. It might look pretty, but it is not the same vision shown to us before. Rock to save the world… really? Seems kind of opposite direction than what the “saxophone-wizard” Simon was. OOOOH know what would have been more cool than a rocker? A saxophone-wizard like artist saving the day instead.I do like one of the big bad people is a spit image of that German PoS Merkel.That said, I might re-buy when this game is at a deep discount, didn’t pay more than $5 for either of the other two, regret paying more for this one. Curious how it ends, just not enough ya know?"
,Recommended,579760,35187546,Posted: 24 September,all,markzwaan,"Not the next ""Monkey Island"" but very entertaining in it's own way.IntroductionThere have been many articles mourning the death of the point-and-click genre. Which I always thought was strange since it has never really died. In the past decade companies like Artifex Mundi, Alawar Entertainment and Viva Media have brought us a constant stream of HOG games that play very similar to old fashioned point-and-click adventure games. And companies like 'The Adventure Company' (Book of Unwritten Tales), 'Deadalic' (Deponia, Night of the Rabbit) and 'Focus Home Interactive' (Runaway games), have been bringing us more traditional point-and-click adventure games. What the games media probably mean is that big companies like EA and Ubisoft aren't interested in producing point-and-click adventure games since it's become a niche market. Or that big publishers aren't willing to support icons like Tim Schafer (Broken Age) and Ron Gilbert (Thimbleweed Park). And they both had to resort to crowd funding in order to get their new games made. But the genre is far from dead.Which brings us to SkygoblinsAnd there are also indie developers, companies with a handful of programmers that are dedicated to bringing us gamers point-and-click adventure games as we remember them from the Lucasart days. Recently I enjoyed playing the final installment of the 'Dream Machine' (also made by a bunch of Swedes) and now we get the third and final episode of 'The Journey Down'. It's not perfect, some of the voice over work was kinda so-so compared to the rest, some of the background art looks rushed and the puzzles are very much on the easy side. But it is also a labour of love, created by three Swedes over a period of seven years. Is 18 Euros a fair price for a four hour game? If this would've been a game by a big studio which was obviously made in a short time with minimal effort in order to rake in some easy cash, I would have said ""No way!"". But this is a game with many hours of blood, sweat and tears poured into it. We need more companies like Skygoblins and buying their games is what allows them to keep doing so.Strong pointsStory moves at a brisk pace, no endless lingering in one locationPuzzles nicely integrated into the game (no sliding puzzles or mazes)Unique and appealing look of the charactersSome backgrounds are very polished and good lookingGreat musicGood voice castGreat looking cut scenesLots of humor, funny dialogue and funny situationsWeak pointsNumber of puzzles per location differs wildlySome backgrounds look like quick sketches which clashes with the polished looks of other scenesSome voices are slightly 'off' (could just be me)Most puzzles are very straight forward, no thinking requiredSwitch from Afro-Caribbean music to rock-and-roll feels jarringConclusionI had some conflicting feelings while playing this game but overall I enjoyed it and it feels like an appropriate conclusion of this trilogy. If you enjoy playing games reminiscent to games like Monkey Island and Full Throttle, you'll also enjoy ""The Journey Down"". I think it's worth the full price, because I want to support the creators. If you don't feel the same, I'm sure it will be on sale in the future, if you can get the trilogy at a decent price, go for it."
,Recommended,579760,35133886,Posted: 22 September,all,The Cross,"the game was fun and all but the first one had harder puzzles, wich made the game more fun to finish. i've finished all 3 parts now, it was fun and it's nice to see there we're some references to other games like the original monkey island serie (the fun 4 games) and some other great adventure games. hope if effer they'll make other adventure games, they'll make the puzzles a little more difficult."
76561197993512229,Recommended,579760,35135157,Posted: 22 September,all,Alek,"So finally the third chapter is here..It seems like a lifetime ago that the first chapter was released. I enjoyed chapter 1 a lot back in the day and thought that it was a refreshing way to revisit the point and click adventure genre. I have been a big fan of the Broken Sword and Monkey Island series for many years.Chapter 1 got me hooked and I enjoyed it a lot. When chapter 2 was released I was ready and bought it pretty much immediately and enjoyed that too. Now finally the third and final chapter is here and I gotta say that all in all I am happy to report that I enjoyed it. Yes it's fairly short, but its obvious that the Journey down series is a labor of love and it shows in the product.The voice acting is good and the music is just incredible. I absolutely love the music in this series.Would I recommend it? If you bought the previous chapters - definitely. If you are a fan of point and click adventure games - definitely.Sure I wish that chapter 3 was a little longer and had more content but for me it was a good ending to the series"
,Recommended,579760,35134090,Posted: 22 September,all,Herr von Unterfranken,"I love you Devs!This, to me, is one of the best, most unique and entertaining point and click adventures I have ever played and it easily makes my top 3. Screw the greats of yesteryear, this is where it is AT!And I thought the project was dead, episode 3 never to come out after having been delayed so much...and then one day I start steam and there it is under new releases. Biggest surprise of the year for me personally.I guess what I want to say is thank you, thank you Devs for finishing the game! I bet it wasn't easy...And now dear reader, go buy the game!"
76561197983962173,Recommended,579760,35188776,Posted: 24 September,all,Spiderspy(Gordon),Pretty cool game! Love the views!
,Recommended,579760,35163673,Posted: 23 September,all,Antoros,"Excelent game, but i feel the end kind of sucked,On the finale its just ""this character happy ending: check, this other character happy ending: check"" and then it just ends, i feel like the devs are good creating and telling stories, not so much at finishing them.still this is just nitpicking, this is one of the very few really good point and click game made in this decade. i strongly recomend it."
76561198113653131,Recommended,579760,35270598,Posted: 28 September,all,i-smith16,"I can reccomend this game because it has great characters, is well made and I enjoyed the first two parts. It has great movie clips for the transitions and the game play is clean and easy.What lets the game down is it is just too easy, I don`t want a game that bogs me down for days on end and gets me frustrated, but compared to the previous two installments this one is just too easy was disappointed that I completed the game in 11 hours according to steam and quite a bit of that was me leaving the game running whilst I had my tea and answered the phone.It is a lovely game, I was looking forward to it, I enjoyed it  but it was more like the Jouney` Let` Down as it held very little challenge.It was an expensive and very quick 3rd instalment."
,Recommended,579760,35282008,Posted: 28 September,all,feendish,"A joyous, absorbing romp. Everything good about point-and-click adventure games is here. Funny, good-hearted, colourful, and completely charming... Even serves up some 'feels' as elements teased at in the earlier chapters finally come together in really satisfying ways.  The pacing and challenge were perfect for me. I loved parts 1 & 2 and played through them again in the lead-up to this final chapter's release. Really glad I did. A real gem."
,Recommended,579760,35280722,Posted: 28 September,all,ElusiveOne,"The Journey Down's third and final chapter goes out with a bang and brings a satisfying conclusion to an excellent adventure trilogy.This episode deals more directly with themes of oppression and has a predominant cyberpunk vibe, without significantly altering the formula that made the previous two games a sympathetic success.Bwana, Kito and Lena are back to solve enjoyable but not especially challenging puzzles in good humour. It feels just right to see the story unfold logically without resorting to a walkthrough or backtrack for missed clues. Fans of the previous two games will likely appreciate this one as well. Newcomers should get started at the very beginning to get the most out of the series!Excellent ending credits and bonus behind the scenes cheerfully communicate the development team's joie de vivre and love for their craft, further endearing the end product.Some rushed scenes still look like unfinished concept art, particularly palpable in most of the Underland segments. Previous entries in the series also exhibited some rawness in certain areas but the contrast here is more obvious and distracting than before. The game otherwise looks great as a whole.PositiveOutstanding musicGood old familiar charactersEasy-going humourSatisfying conclusionQuality point-and-click adventuring in the spirit of the best classicsNegativeUneven cutscene and background art qualityA few visual glitches (discolored vertical pixel lines) especially on the islandSome may consider it short at full price"
,Recommended,579760,35354469,Posted: 30 September,all,Niemi,Good! Start from chapter 1.
,Recommended,579760,35324153,Posted: 29 September,all,phlip,A Happy conclusion to excellent trilogy!
,Recommended,579760,35284033,Posted: 28 September,all,Pavel,"Traditionally a great game from Sky Goblin. I love the the third series best of them all.The music is fabulous throughout the game. I catching myself periodically just doing nothing and listening only.Voices are great as usual, and the same applies for the graphics, puzzles, and their kind of humour I really love :)Also, the guys really care of their users, helping me out with macOS specific bug I discovered.TLDR; Way too sad this is the final series!"
