user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,579940,32860627,Posted: 27 June,all,Bastwood,"The best card game there is, especially for two players. A beautiful design that squeezes an enormous amount of tough decisions into a fifteen minute time frame. There's no need to build decks, collect new cards, or grind for booster packs - Everything you need is included. You'll easily get hundreds of plays from just the base deck of 114 cards, and still feel like you haven't explored all the possibilities and can improve further.In Race, people will not beat you because they've spent more money on the game than you - They'll beat you because they know the game better than you. And then, in single player mode, the truly excellent AI will pummel you some more. This is to be expected, since some people have been playing this game for ten years already. However, the Steam implementation is a great way to start getting ready to face the folks who only agree to play the fabled ""GS/RvI/BoW Arc"".Some people will tell you the game is hard to learn. Sure, there's a learning curve. Race is quite different from the card games you might be familiar with. The Steam version helps a lot, though, since you cannot make illegal plays.Other people will tell you this game is multiplayer solitaire. But the more you play, the more you'll realize that reading your opponent and planning accordingly is absolutely crucial. Staring only at your own cards will not work.Some people will tell you Magic the Gathering is the better game. Unfortunately, there's no helping those folks."
,Recommended,579940,32952412,Posted: 28 June,all,American Rambo,"For anyone who's played RftGThis is the best digital implementation of the game to date. If you previously played Keldon's version, this is far superior, featuring a better UI, added animations, and sound effects, not to mention a deeper online cross-platform player base. I recommend buying the Steam version if you previously enjoyed RftG.For anyone who's never played RftGThis is a card game with a sci-fi theme that involves building up your empire by playing cards that give you victory points. There is a steep learning curve -- I struggled to understand the game years ago, but I think by my 5th game I got the hang of it. There is a tutorial in this Steam version, but it's short, so new players may wish to allot 20-30 minutes to consult a YouTube tutorial (see link below). Games are quick, lasting typically <20 minutes. If you like card games with complexity and a sci-fi theme, definitely consider this game as it's one of the best in the genre.ConclusionAn excellent card game with deep strategy. There are a few features I'd like to see the devs add to the game, such as in-game chat, better zooming mechanics, and unlockable rewards, but the game is already polished at launch. I award this game 90% in terms of how it's implemented the physical game into Steam.Recommended tutorialBelow is an excellent 55-minute YouTube tutorial by Radho, split in two parts, if the in-game tutorial leaves you confused.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziP9liFiKGohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wd6jyrdGU_A"
76561197971089316,Recommended,579940,32895334,Posted: 27 June,all,Saint Christopher of Cats,"I think this is a great implementation of a really good card game.  Race for the Galaxy (RftG) is an extremely tough game to teach to new player, but I believe it's actually easier with the digital version.  All cards feature hover-over explanations of effects as a handy instant reference.  It launched with 2 expansion and online multiplayer (even the 2 player variant game).  The AI is plenty strong to hone your skills.  If you have a iOS or android version, you can link your account to keep up with your games on the go.  The developers did a good job of avoiding common digital board game pitfalls (unnecessary 3d graphics, slow gameplay, lack of online play), and I can't wait to see what future patches will hold for it.  I would love to see other boardgames get this treatment."
,Recommended,579940,32906400,Posted: 27 June,all,William Shakesman,"Race for the Galaxy is, as far as I'm concerned, the finest card game out there. It plays lightning quick, 15-30 minutes per game, but packs more interesting decisions in that time than most games 10 times as long.In RftG, you have a hand of cards, each card corresponds to a planet or development. Each card usually has one or two powers on it, perhaps it gains a resource in the production phase, perhaps it gives a discount or a bonus card on future developments, perhaps it sells goods into victory points...These cards are also your cash though, so for that 3 cost card, you will have to throw away 3 other cards to play it, which means three other options.In addition, the various ""phases"" of the game turn have to be called before they happen. Each turn begins with players simultaneously revealing what they would like to do that turn. If nobody calls develop, nobody will develop that turn. The person who called develop will get to develop with a slight bonus, and everyone else may develop at cost unless they called it too. So if call the ""get more cards"" phase, everyone else will get a card too. This gets complicated fast as once people start building their empires, they start amassing such bonuses in certain phases that you don't want to call that action. Your goods-producing empire gets threatened fast when someone gets a world that lets them draw 2 cards every time produce occurs.This leads to a lot of different strategies. Do you want to corner the market on shipping goods? Expand with military power? Flood the board with settled planets or developments to try to get those victory points? And how are you feeding these empires? Are you trading goods to refill your hand? Do you have enough goods producing worlds to do that without falling behind? It is a RACE for the galaxy, after all. But, since you have to more or less toss your hand to make any play, you usually are trying to cobble together an engine from one of the 4-6 parts the deck is willing to give you. Do you keep the big scoring combo card in your hand for most of the game as dead weight until you have what it takes to get it out and score big? Or do you pitch it and try to stay mobile?The port is solid and lovely, with AI and online options, including the incredibly powerful Keldon AI. RftG takes a while to learn but you'll soon see why it is my favorite card game if you give it a shot."
76561198025465081,Recommended,579940,33061379,Posted: 30 June,all,devxx,"It's practically a full time job to play Hearthstone or Magic and there are too many other things to do than give a game that much devotion.  This one is relatively quick, very strategic, somewhat complex, exceptionally re-playable, beautifully represented, and darn fun.  It seems to be well supported as the developers are active on the forum and a ""weird"" graphics glitch was discovered and patched within a few days.  It comes packaged with 2 of the 5 expansions (yes, you have to pay for someone else's hard work just like in real life) so spend your money on this fantastic game and not on illegal fireworks so they continue to support and enhance the game.  You won't regret it.  I saw on BGG they're touting the mobile version as their game of the year choice so you're missing out by not trying this game.  Highly recommend!P.S. I play offline and as such Steam doesn't tally the time I've spent playing.  It's much greater than the 0.1 hrs. reported"
,Not Recommended,579940,33115135,Posted: 1 July,all,codemonkee,"Love the card game and I love the mobile version of the game, but the steam implimentation is just a port of the mobile and the mechanics of the game are not fluent on a keyboard/mouse platform and make the game akward to play.The UI, scaling, and resolution could use some work... yes it adjusts to the resolution of your screen... but at higher resolutions the UI does not need to be as thick as it is which would make room for making more space on the table to make the smaller details larger and accessible.I don't have the most powerful laptop but should be decent enough for this, the animations were a little jumping and the AI processes slower compared to when playing on a mobile device.Devices can be linked together which is nice, appears that profiles are still per individual device though and stats are not synced between them. I don't mind buying the game or expansions more then once, because I like to support the products I love, but I imagine for those that don't want to buy the expansions multiple times, you could start a game on the device you already purchased and I assume you could resume it on another device regardless to if you have purchased it on the other platform.Update the game to be more computer friendly and I could recommend the steam version to others... otherwise buy it for a mobile or touch capable device or better still try the physical game out!"
,Recommended,579940,33293803,Posted: 5 July,all,StevenSeagal,"Race for the Galaxy can be a very intimidating game up front. There's lots of icons, lots of subtilities to the rules, and just a lot to keep track of at first. One thing this digital version does better than any other is the tutorial. I've played other online implementations of Race, watched youtube videos and all that, but I think the tutorial here is probably the best way to learn the game.The Steam release here is clearly a mobile port, but I think that's fine. The interface is responsive, works at every resolution I've needed it to, and looks a lot better than other implementations. There's some simplifications to the UI to make it a little more readable, which is a big plus in my opinion.For the price point, I think this is a pretty decent grab. The game supports cross-system play, which I think would allow you to play on Steam vs people on their phones, but I'm not 100% certain on that. Online games are rare to join it seems, but playing against the AI is definitely enough of a challenge to keep you busy for a while."
,Recommended,579940,33022682,Posted: 29 June,all,Carthradge,"Amazing board game and terrific implementation of it. If you like Hearthstone and Civ, you will love this game. Initial learning curve might seem tough but you'll get it quick.Also, the Hard AI is very very good! I've played many games with people and I usually win but the Hard AI is really tough for me to beat. The neural network programming really shows here.A++, I hope this picks up steam."
,Recommended,579940,33550065,Posted: 14 July,all,peasant,"This is a really nice implementation of my favourite card game. It's relatively easy to get an online game. I'm hoping for a few features - some kind of ladder or elo system would be nice, but as it is it's still a very nice version of the best modern card game out there. You can play with a 30 minute or 7 day time limit and it's pretty easy to have multiple games on the go. The AI is pretty strong, but don't let that dishearten you! Also if you want strategy advice, check out the Race for the Galaxy forums on boardgamegeek."
76561197970551887,Recommended,579940,33563671,Posted: 15 July,all,SorenJohnson,"Great version of one of the best card games ever made. (BTW, one review said that you can only play against friends. That is not true - open lobbies are available as well, and the game allows play between mobile and PC players too.)"
,Recommended,579940,32910551,Posted: 27 June,all,Michael Mayhem,"As a tabletop player of the spinoff Roll for the Galaxy, Race always seemed like a complex, hard-to-learn version that I wasn't willing to try out.  The digital version makes learning a breeze and within a dozen games I was keeping up with the hard AI.  Due to the nature of how much quicker it is to play against an AI and a streamlined setup/teardown compared to a physical game, I was able to spin up to the game's mechanics and deeper strategy very quickly.The digital transition allows for quick popups for ease of rules, since the actual cards themselves have only icons and numbers printed on them.  The exact details of what each card does is available to you should you encounter a mechanic you don't understand yet.Race for the Galaxy is a great value and a no-brainer for anyone with a mind for card or strategy games."
76561198008597223,Recommended,579940,33028081,Posted: 30 June,all,ScottE,"Fantastic digital version of the card game.  Well designed and recreates it perfectly.  If you like the card game, pick this up, it's great fun when you feel like playing solo."
,Recommended,579940,33731852,Posted: 22 July,all,circletheskies,"One of my favorite card games in a long run of board- and card-game playing; I must've played it at least a hundred times over the last five-six years.  You get the full amount of enjoyment of a good game, but condensed down to about 15 or 20 minutes - making it perfect for an idle waiting period.And now it's come to Steam, and the implementation seems pretty solid so far.  I can play a quick game with an AI in 5-10 minutes and haven't come across a frustration or bug yet.I would've liked perhaps some way to customize the ruleset - with the physical card game, for example, the homeworld selection can become non-random or you could change the ending conditions if you want a longer game - or you could set up challenges or partial decks.There's also a couple ways to do a ""solitaire"" version with the actual cards - granted, having an AI offers much the same advantage, but you can't do a ""score attack"" challenge as easily.There's a couple of expansions that aren't in this version yet - I assume they'll come out later.On the whole, I definitely recommend this to both fans of the card game and those looking for a fun way to spend a few minutes.  Current price is seven dollars, with expansions four dollars each - the expansions seem a bit on the pricy side, all things considered, but I'd recommend buying the base game, trying it out and then buying the DLC once you know if you'll continue enjoying it."
76561198007556125,Recommended,579940,34491084,Posted: 25 August,all,kaworu,Very good implementation of great boardgame.Here are some little issues in UI (clicking on cards for look it's description is not very responsive some times).Good step by step tutorial (very important for this game - it is not your usual mtg clone with battling creatures and spells).cant wait for more expansions dlcs
,Recommended,579940,34176668,Posted: 11 August,all,Haunted,"Race for the Galaxy is a bit of a brain burner and takes a some effort to learn initially. I would suggest watching a couple of video tutorials. Once the game clicks, you might consider learning the four key strategies: Military, Development Discount, Trading, and Production.PRO: Excellent implementation of one of my favorite games of all time. Multiplayer has been a lot of fun.CON: Multiplayer is barebones. So much potential lost. There could be unlocks and rewards for participation that would greatly improve the player experience. Another Con is a blasted unhandled exception error when I go to Full Screen that crashes the game =p Eventually it works but ..."
,Recommended,579940,35000552,Posted: 16 September,all,SexyFlanders,"Godd game, nice Ki. I only played offline"
76561197997553202,Recommended,579940,34416611,Posted: 22 August,all,wilky,"One of my favorite board/card games. I've played the card game dozens of times against myself (using 2player experienced rules; I never got into playing vs. the robot) just to pass the time. Now with this app, I don't have to constantly shuffle/deal/put away when I'm just playing by myself. This is much quicker/easier and for a fraction of the cost ($15 including both expansions vs. ~$70 on Amazon)."
,Recommended,579940,34783487,Posted: 6 September,all,naytoes,"Just purchased and have played a few matches against the AI which have been fun. The problem I am having is, that when I press the Play Online button a bubble appears saying ""Disconnected - You have been disconnected from the server"". Then the button turns grey and (Server Unavailable). After a moment it turns blue again and if I press it again the same thing happens. Are the servers down?"
76561197979353861,Recommended,579940,34915628,Posted: 13 September,all,Ghostlight,"This game is fantastic. Unfortunately the learning curve is a little steep, especially with the amount of different icons on the cards, but sticking with it is 100% worth it. Once you get to know the deck a little, the game really opens up. And the AI is extremely challenging."
76561198020265948,Not Recommended,579940,35477991,Posted: 4 October,all,jsmxiii,"Fun game but HORRIBLE user guidance.The tutorial did not help, a manual is non-existent.I ended up using a YouTube-Video for the table top game to learn how to play.Again, fun game but if you expect the game to give you any help in learning it, forget it."
,Not Recommended,579940,32908307,Posted: 27 June,all,JacksEncoded,"The online lobby doesn't refresh unless you manually go back to the main menu and enter multiplayer again.  Seems kindof important given you will have to wait for games alot, and i'd rather not have to give the game my full attention just to refresh the screen.  Multiplayer is really the only reason I bought it, so this is an important feature for me.Your stats aren't saved in the cloud and you can't see anybody else's stats.  You won't be able to directly communicate with anyone else either."
76561198033899511,Not Recommended,579940,33538076,Posted: 14 July,all,WinbadTheFailer,"The game itself is one of my favourites.Pending more work by the developer, this implementation I can't currently recommend.It's pretty, but you're paying $10 for a solitaire version, essentially, with more tacked on if you want the expansions. There's no real online multiplayer to speak of - i think you can play with your friends list, that's about all, and none of my steam friends have the game so I'm screwed unless i buy it for them lolIf you're just hoping to learn RftG itself, it's actually a decent tool. The 'first-play' mode has been implemented, which helps you learn the ropes. The hard AI is fairly challenging and wins against experienced players a decent portion of the time, although once in a while it makes a move it can gain no advantage from (I assume it's gambling, but I'm not a fan of that tactic).If you want to play the game in a social setting, tryboardgamearena.cominstead. They have a large online community and you can play with the base game for free. But keep in mind learning curve is steeper there, since there's no tutorial or AI games and you'll be up against human opponents immediately."
76561198003174259,Not Recommended,579940,33389728,Posted: 8 July,all,CrankyCoon,"I've been on the fence about how to review this game.  I really wish there was a nuetral option.  There isn't, so I have to go with no recommendation.First, the game was released during a steam sale, so it was quickly passed over.  I would say it's not a big deal, but it is, since the best gameplay is online.First, you have to get lucky to get a match going (the lobby doesn't auto-refresh, you have to leave then go back in).  Then, you have to hope whoever you are playing with is there and watching.  If not, it's a very slow, tedious match.The ability to play multiple matches at once is great, but it's still not worth the waiting game.  Don't even get me started on the 3 and 4 player matches.  I've yet to finish one cause someone goes AFK.  There doesn't seem to be a time limit on turns, which it sorely needs.Plus there is no chat feature.  So you can't really talk to people during the match.It's a great game and is just like the card game.  But sitting and waiting for a match to start just isn't fun."
76561197969457801,Not Recommended,579940,34960597,Posted: 14 September,all,dustwhit,"I like this game from a UI perspective. I think the interface is well designed and everything works smooth. I also like the background music which I think fits the game well, as well as the art design they went with.My major problem is two-fold:1) The multi player interface is garbage. They make it difficult to see a list of games available, and the multiplayer scene is absolutely dead.2) The computer, while a competent opponent, absolutely cheats. Without a doubt. I've watched closely and the computer chooses actions that would make absolutely zero sense (and I'm not talking just a risky choice - that would be understandable). It clearly makes choices that maximize knowing what you have chosen and than it coordinates with other AI players. I also suspect that the code ""top decks"" cards that will help it if boxed into a corner.So, with multiplayer dead, you have to play a cheating AI (Hard Mode) to have any worthwhile interaction."
,Not Recommended,579940,34313639,Posted: 17 August,all,barbecue42,"I love the card game and was really looking forward to playing this.  Unfortunately, after 1 hour of play and 5 crashes mid game, I had to return it."
76561197992007919,Not Recommended,579940,33156195,Posted: 2 July,all,rijde,No tooltips. Lazy port from mobile to grab cash.
,Recommended,579940,34375456,Posted: 20 August,all,Codemonkey,"I don't really understand all the negative reviews, it plays very smooth and looks fine. Controls are fine and I've run through a bunch of games very quickly. This game helped me a lot to learn the rules up to RVI expansion. Definately recommended. It did crash twice for me (out of many games), but it included a continue option to pick up where it left off."
