user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,580200,33695374,Posted: 21 July,all,kababowie,"This is first game i am truly enjoying with my kids. No combat, dead simple controls.Full of cute creatures and beautiful world. My 5yo boy likes to gather resources.. he is chopping,mining,hordering stuff like crazy while my 7yo girl likes to dress up for any occasion.. like when she is visiting town or just checking on her farm. I love the chill factor of this game.. no stress pushing the main quest line, just kick back, plant some trees, enjoying the scenery and great soundtrack.. oh, fishing is pretty neat in this game also.2017 WORKING DAD WITH KIDS AT HOME THIS SUMMER  CHOICE AWARD WINNER"
,Not Recommended,580200,33646712,Posted: 19 July,all,Rebel Lucy,"Ambitious to a fault. Yonder wants to be many things but ends up excelling at absolutly nothing, in fact I'd say its not even passable in many areas. Since the game set out to cover a varity of topics I'll cover where its failed in each catagory.Exploration: While the world may feel somewhat vast at first you quickly realize its a vast emptiness. There is very little between point A and point B meaning the journey is less of an experience and you just end up wanting to get to your target as fast as possible. Many of the little side venues are nessecary but only for about .5 seconds then you run straight back to a town, this ends up artifically padding game length when you have to run half a mile through absolutely nothing to grab a ton of crap then run all the way back to craft that crap just to burn all of it instantly to get into a ""new area"" which is normally about 20 feet of space with 1 chest that gives you 1 to 2 of the 20 items you used to get there in the first place.Because the game wanted its exploration to be so open ended, literally nothing that is blocked off from you is actually interesting to explore and is instead an extremely tiny, sometimes prettier, area with 1-2 chests or a few crates to smash and more often then not you won't get anything out of them that was really worth the trip.Minor Exploration Spoiler: You have to burn a ton of wood to build two bridges to get to a ""troll"" village and the dialouge is obviously trying to play off of internet trolls but aside from one that says ""games need guns"" all of the ""trolls"" sound like they're just giving legitimate critcism the developers heard during production and should have taken into account before release.Personal Message to the devs: Don't be so high and mighty. Its clear whatever you were given was legit criticism and you really should have at least considered it but because of where you've put it you seem to think tellling you that the ""game lacked substance"" was trolling when indeed, your game is very lacking in substance.Crafting: O boy, the crafting. We fall somewhere between tedious and mind numbingly bad. Ok, maybe I'm just spoiled because I'm used to different crafting mechanics actually being somewhat related to one another. For example: If I told you there was basically a metal working crafter (construction) and that for Carpentry you needed nails, what would you say you needed to do to get nails? If you answered ""Go create them with metal working"" you're wrong, the correct answer is ""trade them in limited supply from 1-2 traders that are on complete opposite ends of the map every few days."" O, and its not just nails, every single crafting guild has several items that can only be bought in very limited supplies that are crucial for EVERY SINGLE CRAFTING RECIPE and that all sound like they should be craftable from the other guilds but hey, who needs something as useless as that right? Might as well artifically try and pad game time by literally blocking material gathering by limited stock merchants.Other than that, a lot of the crafting is useless. Carpentry and Construction make literally the exact same items except for astehtic differences, Cooking is used for a woefully dull karma like system with specific residents thats not even nessecary and most of the fun stuff from Tailoring you just find on your own or you can buy from an end game shop. Brewing is somewhat related to tailoring but is really just mostly used to make stupid 1 shot fire work displays that are too resource intensive to care about and provide literally no benefit, not even a good firework display TBH.Combat: There is none. Get over it. I know they tried to advertise this as if it had anything in common with ""The Legend of Zelda"" but it really doesn't. No dungeons or combat of any type, really shouldn't have been compared to it.Farming: Dull. You put down a planter, you put 9 seeds in it and everything is automated from there, animals work exactly the same, trees work exactly the same. Everything else for your farm is just machines to help your craft certain materials from the Tinkers guild but I barely used them since the items those specific machines made were easily available elseware or simply weren't ever needed reallly.Story: Non-existent. It kinda throws the ""plot"" at you last minute and instantly gives you the climax 2 seconds later. I think if we're looking at actual ""story"" quests theres about 6 and 3 of those are technically the same quest. If it wasn't for a few artifical barriers, you'd have the main story done in about 30 minutes. Other then that its pretty cliche, I guess I won't spoil it just incase you might care to see it but its really not much to write home about. My biggest complaint was they tried to end it with a ""but theres a whole world out there to explore still, theres so much to do"" when really there just isn't. I don't know, it just left a bad taste in my mouth.Final Thoughts: Look, I've nearly 100% this game in 9 hours, theres really not much here. Its not like I didn't get side tracked, I tried to force myself to get side tracked, build up several farms and everything but theres just not much to get side tracked with. While trying to capture the identities of these different styles of game the devs lost sight completely of what they were doing and forgot to flesh out any of them. Theres barely anything to explore as almost everything is above ground already, farming is completely automated for you even the collection is all thrown nice and neat into a chest and the crafting is just insane tedium combined with absolutely no synergy. This feels so much like an early access title right now and whats bad is, seeing as this recieved a legitimate release on Playstation, chances are they aren't adding anything, they think its complete when I don't think things could be further from that.Conclusion: If you really need something to just sit back and relax with for a few hours, I think you'll have fun with it but honestly, I just can't in good faith recommend it. The entire game just feels unfinished, more like a prototype then a full release even if it is half AAA pricing. The devs seriously need to expand on absolutely everything because right now its all so bare bones that you can't really get anything out of the systems and I just think its unfortunate that it's probably gonna stay that way. At best, its a disapointment.Edits: I decided to add this which I at first did not want to add last night because I felt it was largely nitpicks but on the off chance the devs read this review, I want them to understand a few things they most likely should have done in order to help improve certain mechanics.First: Construction should have been just ""metal working"" instead of being a copy paste of carpentry and it should have included better tools. These better tools should have either been used to gather rarer materials or given higher material yeild for the normal materials. Although minor this gives an actual feeling of progression. Realistically it should have been both. This also helps prevent burnout since you get all the tools within the first 30 minutes of play time if you go to the right areas.Second: Some things NEED to be blocked off and you NEED to give me a reason to go there. At current, the biggest barrier was to the ""troll"" village and I got a few lines of self-rightous dialouge and some coins to buy cosmetics with and that wasn't just the biggest area but the densest area by far out of all the blocked off areas. The most expensive stone bridge which could take upwards of an hour just to get the materials for is literally a 10 foot by 10 foot platform with 1 chest that has a single backpack in it, why?*Edited for grammatical errors*Website Version for clearer points and better writing:http://wp.me/p8nn61-nl"
76561198010198617,Not Recommended,580200,33704724,Posted: 21 July,all,Hippiecab,"This game is very hit and miss.The game is very atmospheric, cute and relaxing. The game mechanics are simple and straight forward. But the game is not very deep. It is a beautiful painting but it is also thin like a painting.Some aspects of the game are weird to me. You can build farms and take care of animals but there is no focus on the farming. It feels tacked on as an afterthought. This game could easily have been a puzzle, explorer collectathon without the crafting elements. The items in this game has value, but you can only trade. There is no need to keep expensive things around. They just collect dust. Most of the time I just scrapped my inventory to be able to fit the stuff I actually needed to complete tasks.There is a lot of running around in this game. It is nice and fun at first but when you have explored every nook and cranny of the land and you need to go from place to place you don't want to slowly run through the countryside. There are some fast traveling elements to this game but they are few and far between. You still need to run between them. A mount or something would have been nice.Did I enjoy playing it? Yes, but after finishing the main quest i didn't feel like continuing. I got what I asked for with the time I spent with this game. If you want a Stardew Valley - Light i recommend this game. But to the average gamer I would say no."
76561198389119061,Not Recommended,580200,34516268,Posted: 26 August,all,neeliah,"When I first started playing I didn't regret anything, but the more problems I found the more I thought that I paid too much for what I got. It would have been better to release it as early access because there are some very annoying bugs and a lack of content for this price.The good things are - the idea in general, the adorable characters, the exploration in the beginning, and because its a single player game there is no competition for resources.Now the things I was disappointed with.There is a bug where the player's character vibrates when standing still. I don't think this could be intentional because there are times where it stands normally, and why should a character vibrate?Another bug I had is that my farms could go a year without producing any animal products, just wood. I looked online and saw that someone was advised to remove their livestock pens, then put them back to ""refresh"" the farm. I tried this. Sometimes it worked and other times not. It was very irritating because there is no explanation other than it being a bug. The player feels helpless to do anything, and the updates haven't fixed this. In a game where faming plays a big part this is a big problem. It is in the power of the developers to fix this.The RNG in fishing creates a huge disparity between different players. Some people say they caught the biggest fish in the game in just a few minutes of trying. It took me many hours over several days. Imagine sitting for hours just fishing in a game. Why does it have to take as long as it would in real life? Time moves much faster in the game, and fishing could have been made faster as well. Or there could have been a limit where if a player reaches a certain number of fails they are guaranteed to get the rare fish on their next go.It would be nice to be able to go inside the houses (or your farms) and to have more NPCs and quests.The troll village is a strange addition. Its just really bizarre. Why call critics trolls? When a person has bought a game they are right to critisize. It is the same for anyone who paid for any product or service. And it is a chance for the seller, in this case developer, to hear people's true thoughts/feedback and make things better.I cannot recommend the game in its current state and at the current price. It could be better with some updates and expansions."
,Not Recommended,580200,33666485,Posted: 19 July,all,Kajotex,"I wish I could recommend this one. I first saw it recommended to be by steam maybe a month or two ago. And it instantly went on my wishlist. It looked really good in the trailer and it seemed to be similar to ""Stardew Valley"" and ""Breath of the Wild"". Farming in a wide open world. Two exact opposites (Staying in one place farming, or running around exploring) so it was daunting to tackle a mix.And beginnings were good. If everything, the people who were responsible for the graphics should receive serious pats on the back. They should receive all the pats the game designer team should not receive. While the game _looks_ really good, with it's cuddly wuddly animals, the beautiful landscapes and picturesque towns, there is just no _game_ here.I have only played 2 and a half hours so i can't tell about the whole game, but every single quest I took up to that point was either a ""go there"" or ""bring me x of y"". So everything is a fetchquest. And worse, some of them are way WAY too easy. Example: In a village full of carpenters are two children who are suposed to impress their father with their carpentry. But they both need something for their final product. So the girl tells me she needs X, and i don't know where to get X. I'll go search for it! The boy needs this special wood. And he told me where to get it. So i thought nice, I'll have a look out for those trees when I go that direction. But when i talked to the town barter to see what he had in stock... oh... he has this special wood on sale, it's just 1$? Oh he also has the plant the girl needs. Here is a fish, give me both. I gave the girl the plant... and i finished the quest. It was over lightning fast. Less than 5 Minutes. What could have been an adventure, seeking the right stuff with vague hints, was as simple as pressing a button. Fun?When it comes to both exploration and the farming overtones, both can be summed up with ""why bother?"". You get your first farm. You can build something on it to adopt one of the cutesy animals... and then what. I was not informed what to do or when to come back. I have no idea how to care for this Bison-creature. I built it a place to drink and a place to feed. but I have never seen it leave it's little shed. There are no informations if it's fed or not. And before you know it, you are running somewhere completely different. You build no attachment to your barnyards. It feels soulless. In Stardew Valley you are bound to your farm. Not only do you wake there every morning, but also, getting money by selling sutff from your farm is the key goal component. In Yonder, you are the terminator. You need no sleep. You need no food. You need nothing for that matter. If you'd get tired after a while of walking and neede to eat something to get back up to speed or risk to fall flat from exhaustion only to wake up and have lost something or something like that, you'd also start to maybe cultivate your own food for cooking so you can explore more.If you'd ask me, you'd need to bind the exploration part and the farming together at least a bit. Here we come to some of the fixes I'd see. How about you find some fairies just schmumbling about, but some of them come to you when you manage your farms right. So over time you have to get invested in your farm to get the spirits to get further. That way you would feel like you earned something with your own hands. I found a lot near the carpenter village to build a second farm. And i did, becuase just from running around and felling a few trees, I had the components to do it. It just appeared, ready to go. That didn't feel earned. I did not work towards that goal. I just had enough on me.I like the idea of the bartering. But it seemed like every vendor had nearly everything in stock, at various prices. So I had no incentive to make some of my own. I can just buy stuff or get it from the nature. Make the vendors more specialized. Have them 3, 4, 5 items that you can only get from that guy and maybe someone completely different on the other side of the island. The way they are now it feels like I#m visiting a vending machine. They also have no personality or something to them. They feel soulless like nearly every other village on the island. I don't know anyone my name or behavior. If I compare it to stardew valley again, the characters had personality. I struggled with the names a bit there, cause I'm no good with names, but I saw how they were from just talking to them twice. And I had to talk to all of them twice. I don't get that feeling in yonder.All the crafting doesn't feel fulfilling. And there is too little direction in the game in some areas. Like... I want more buildings. I'll find a carpenter. I found the carpenter village... how do i get more buildings now? And in other areas it's way to video-gamey with the informations given. Like one of the story quests: I went to some place and my fairy friend told me that we should maybe go to the fishing village in sight, they might have a boat to carry us over the water. Cutscene end: ""Talk to Rex"" in the questlog. Why does it tell me who I need to talk to? Have it go ""Seek a way across the river"" and then have the player talk to the people in the fishing town until they find someone who can help them. And none of this ""Waving and having an exclamation mark over my head"" crap.In total, I wish I could return this game. But I played slightly more than 2 hours, so I can't anymore.My recommendations that will probably not be considered:- Cut down the inventory of the vendors- Marry the exploration to the farm style gameplay somehow. (Fairies through good animal care, exhaustion from running preventable with food, SOMETHING)- Give the villages and the villagers a soul!- Make building actually something you have to work for and not something that takes 5 minutes to accomplish tops.- Have some goal to work towards.- Give some books to read up on what you can do. I wish there was a book that told me how to dig up some earth on my farm so I could plant some potatoes.As of now, I sadly can't recommend Yonder :("
,Not Recommended,580200,33911634,Posted: 30 July,all,Definitely Not (✿╹◡╹),"To be honest, this game started out as an intriguing, beautiful open world exploration game. However, there were many frustrating moments which dulled the overall gameplay.1. The story is awfully bland. To be honest, within the first few hours of gameplay, I have already forgotten what was the original intent of the main quest. The story just dies out and the quests were very lacking in solidifying the storyline. In short, I felt like I was doing random quests. I have yet to finish the game, and I am dreading to do so.2. The mini-map was horrible. There were parts of the map that showed accessible paths only to be led to a deadend. This could be a misinterpretation on my part but it has happened far too often. More obvious pathing on the map should be outlined, be it through tunnels or simply deadends.3. Farms. Majority of the farms were in very awkward, out of the way positions which I would totally ignore. Moreover, the lack of farm equipment made me not see the need of developing farms. This can be changed with the introduction of new animals and farm equipment. Interaction with the farm could be further enhanced, rather than just tossing everything cute and cool and colorful in there and only coming back occasionally to gather the items.4. Traders. As mentioned, I could get anything and everything, very cheaply. Which defeats the purpose of having to craft. I could spend very little on clothes at Bobbintoff (at over 90% discounts) which I can trade them off at the full price at other traders.5. Too much running. The sage stones are a good concept to reduce running time, but what I could suggest would be an introduction of mounts. It would be cool if I could ride my groffle.6. The collections page are a tad un-informative and probably just there for the sake of it.The game has a lot of potential. A lot of polishing is currently needed since it is a new game."
76561198008977261,Not Recommended,580200,34518629,Posted: 26 August,all,Lumeiwan,"Keep reading that this game is a combination of Stardew valley and Zelda: Breath of Wild. It would be true at a very shallow level.Farming aspect of the game is no where close of what Stardew Valley has to offer, lack of variety for the produces you can grow.Exploration though, does seem quite similar to Zelda due to the beautiful environment. However, lacking on the amount of things you can actually do. Pick up items, smash crates and barrels, open chests, do some quests, remove murks, chop trees and rocks and find sprites and kittens.Crafting too lacks any sense of achievement, players don't get to progress normally like other like minded games. Instead, this game allows you to suddenly become a master of your field by reaching a value of 1k items crafted.Overall, this is a very decent game but does not really live up to the hype. I recommend sticking to Stardew valley or Zelda: Breath of the wild. If you want a better crafting game/rpg, try Fantasy Life."
,Recommended,580200,33734299,Posted: 22 July,all,Meruko,"So I just finished the main quest storyline. I thought I might as well share my experience.Pros:- The graphics are quite pretty in general.- The weather system adds a great touch.- Relaxing, laid back games. While I do enjoy the occasionnal ""pow, pow, you're dead"" kind of games, it feels pretty nice to experience a more relaxed game every once in a while.- The crafting system is simple and straightforward.- I got to live the crazy cat lady dream: collecting kitties~~~... <3- Did I mention the cat meows are the cutest? Hearing them melted my heart every single time.- Funny Easter Eggs?- The puns are so darn bad that they actually are laughable.- Simple quests most of the time with straightforward and clear goals.Cons:- The completionist in me wants to keep playing so bad. But there are also way too many reasons not to.- The map is frustrating at the worst of times. Getting from point A to point B is generally a pain.- The game offers a ""fast travel"" option that is honestly useless; using them become more of a chore than a lifesaving feature. Becaus of the way the map is made, it rarely saves you time if ever.- The storyline is very, very simple. There is little to no incentive to follow it; there is no attatchment or ""relationship building"" with the game. Nothing tells me ""Hey, I really want to save these people, I feel for them"". Or maybe I'm just too old to enjoy the simpler storyline properly.- Shortage of basic uncraftable crafting items. (Honestly I need so much mortar but I have trouble finding any?!) Running from a town to another is, again, a chore to find what you need and often kept me from enjoying the game.Bottom line:Did I enjoy the game? Yes!Will I play again? Probably not. The map is my big pet peeve in this game.Did I think the game was worth the money I paid for it? Yes, it was. As frustrating as it was at times, I still enjoyed it. Time spent on the game is proof enough."
76561197979126402,Not Recommended,580200,33650736,Posted: 19 July,all,Ameisenfutter,"Unfortunately, there's no medium rating in Steam reviews, so I'm gonna give Yonder a thumbs down. However, I'm going to change this if there's (free) content added to the game in the future.So, if you're like me, you expected Yonder to be a Stardew Valley-like game, including exploration, farming, crafting as well as some RPG elements. In fact, Yonder covers all of those elements, but doesn't handle any of it very well. Let me give you a quick rundown of what to expect:Exploration: The world is beautiful, but pretty empty. After only a few hours you will find yourself chasing from A to B without paying much attention to your surroundings. The animals are either decoration or production machines (see below), either way, you'll quickly loose interest in them because there isn't any kind of interesting interaction possible (or even neccessary). NPCs are numerous, but faceless and replaceable (see below).Farming: Farming is pretty much a ""build and forget"" component of the game (which isn't neccessarily a bad thing, as I like automation). However, once you've built a farm, added some animals or crops and bribed any desired NPC to work as a farmhand, you will only return to collect ressources. And yes, I love to build and decorate stuff, but I just don't feel connected to the farms in this game (you can have up to 7 or 8 or so).Crafting: Crafting feels pretty well-done in this game, however, a lot of craftables are only cosmetic. I was lacking the motiavtion to craft a lot of stuff, because I didn't really get the feeling that they were worth the effort. The one thing that bothered me the most when crafting was some kind of inventory storage restriction (your backpack gets full at some point) which was never clear to me because the game doesn't tell you how much you're actually carrying and what is your maximum load. Maybe it does and I'm just too stupid to notice, I don't know. If that's the case, feel free to correct me.RPG (character, story, quests): There is very few to none. This is not an RPG, at least in its current state. The player character doesn't have a name. Interaction with NPCs never exceeds ""Trade with me"" or ""Do something for me"". The story is average at best. If you're expecting this to be a game where you can experience and develop unique relationships with NPCs, look elsewhere. NPCs are sometimes funny in what they say, but that's all the individuality you'll see.tl;dr: Doesn't feel like a complete game, but more like a framework. It tries a lot of things, but doesn't handle any of them very well. If you want a Stardew Valley/Harvest Moon-like game, I think Yonder will not meet your expectations. Wait for sale or content patches./ Ugh, lot of typos needed fixing."
,Not Recommended,580200,34844388,Posted: 9 September,all,Daddy Hewbz,"First off, I absolutely adore the aesthetics of this game. It has such a calm and relaxing vibe, that I haven't experienced in many games before. But, this game is as shallow as a puddle.At first, the game seems like there is a lot of depth and content but while there is a lot, nothing is really fleshed out. The farm aspect seemed awesome, but there's literally nothing to do except set up a farm and then move onto a new zone. Which makes no sense, because there are more farm plots in the other zones, so you'll never go back to an old farm plot.If the crafting and the exploration had more depth, I could figure this game. But the plot is is barely a plot and everything feels like it has no weight. Wanted to love this game, but I just couldn't."
76561198146207274,Recommended,580200,33705715,Posted: 21 July,all,Mauri,"This game is not challenging, at all. No death, no combat, no adrenaline, no puzzles.You travel long distances quite slowly and complete quests that involve gathering and crafting. The story isn't too involving or exiting and the NPCs are pretty bland. There's a little bit of farming (animals mostly) not a lot, this is NOT Stardew Valley. This is NOT Windwaker or Breath of the wild. This is Yonder - absolutely boring game.And I love it to bits.I love the mindless grind in beautiful, cute and colorful world. Everything is absolutely adorable! There's groffles and squombles and fabbits and collectible kittens.."
76561198052559739,Not Recommended,580200,33679956,Posted: 20 July,all,Ulacanis,"Game looks rather nice and is quirky, but there's absolutely no longevity or gratifcation.If you're looking for an extremely quick exploration game that offers no real objectives or challenge, this is it. If you're a crafter/farmer/collector, then choose another game.I had very high hopes, considering what the game was marketed as. However, it's absolutely nothing like stardew/harvestmoon/zelda, or any other similar game. It's really just more wandering around and clicking on things and making sure your backpack isn't full. But, again, it looks very nice and the world is somewhat endearing.The most glaring issue is the completely empty, soulless characters that you cannot enjoy or feel anything toward, as everything npc is more or less a clone of another and they all make strange grunting noises. Basically, they are all Wii avatars. I wanted to love the game but could not find anything to love."
76561198158048146,Not Recommended,580200,34127015,Posted: 9 August,all,Rinji,"NEUTRAL REVIEW  - This game is sweet and fun but devoid of contentThis a really enchanting little game that I truly enjoyed. Unfortunately, it's really way too small. You can finish the main quest line in a couple of hours and after that the game mostly becomes about building your farm, exploring the whole island (which isn't difficult) and crafting everything in the crafting menu. But the crafting system is clunky, and the mnain problem is that there's really no reason to do any of it. The only reason to start a farm is to be able to trade your products with npcs or use them to build more but there's no reason to build more or trade with npcs. I found I had completed most of the side quests within a few hours and was left wondering what I was supposed to do next. The game acknowledges that there's nothing to do in it with a little joke town filled with ""trolls"" who offer very reasonable criticisms about the game. I hope updates perhaps bring more content to this sweet little island because as of now it's pretty empty.I guess I'd have to say for 25$ no this game is not worth it. This is more in the 15$ range for the playtime you get out of it."
76561198045942174,Not Recommended,580200,33709612,Posted: 21 July,all,living arrow,"Could be an awesome game, I really wanted to love it, but sadly it's underwhelming.The main quest is very short, very easy, and does not require any kind of special equipment, or mastery or anything. You just go somewhere and give someone some very easy to obtain item. It's a 2-3 hours quest at most (and most of it would be walking and waiting).The trade system is just ruining everything, getting anything through trade is just so easy that any kind of crafting becomes way too hard. Why would I trade 10 woods for a plank when the trader 5 feet away sells plank 1V each? Crafting buildings for farms takes a LOT of ressources and time, but why would you bother when I can just buy everything animals produce for almost nothing. And fishes are ridiculously valuable, so if you need to buy anything, just fish for 5 minutes.And the side quest are all super easy and very unrewarding, you are just ticking off boxes. There is very little progression overall.There needs to be progression, the main quest needs to be longer and you shouldn't be able to just do it from the start, the trading system needs to be fixed, area's of the maps should need to be unlocked. There should be a need to do side quests, there should be a need for farming, there should be a need to become a master at something (and it should be harder than just crafting one easy item until you have enough points.)Other than being very beautiful, this game is seriously lacking. I hope they update it and improve it, but as it is now, it's very disapointing."
,Recommended,580200,33624637,Posted: 18 July,all,Gothicpolar,"Yonder is a freaking beautiful game with a vast open world and different biomes. There's no combat, so this is definetly one of the most relaxing games on steam in my honest opinion, and it just makes you feel happy! I'll be playing this for a while for sure! Anyone who loves pretty artstyles, beautiful landscapes and relaxing gameplay, this is the way to go! You wont be disappointed :) .. Cant wait what the devs has in store for this game in the future!Also performance wise, full 10/10, Settings maxed out 6700k&1070 over 100 fps with vsync on my 1440p monitor and zero drops or stutters!Fantastic job Prideful Sloth!"
76561198117240465,Recommended,580200,33702013,Posted: 21 July,all,Ara Marinara,"This game is not:First of all, this game is NOT like Zelda, or Stardew Valley, or any other game you want it to be like. Don't listen to reviewers that claim this game is like any other and then proceed to compare it to these games. Honestly if you're looking for a Zelda/Stardew Valley game, then go play a Zelda/Stardew Valley game instead.So, what is this game then?This is a game that's all about exploration, cute animals, and feeling happy. There's no combat, there's no feeling of being rushed to do anything at all. In fact you'll get more out of the game if you slow down to look at things, or try finding all the little secrets hidden around. Rushing through this game quickly would be like using an item spawner to play Stardew Valley -- what's the point in that? Some people claim the game is completed in about 15 hours. I've played this game 26 hours so far and I'm nowhere near finished it yet. There's tons of stuff to discover and collect, it's a collectionist's dream and I'm happy with that.This is the perfect kind of game to unwind to after a long stressful day at work. Also, this is a perfect game for kids of any ages and skill level since: there's not combat, no stamina limitations, no time restrictions, no violence, no scary moments, no controversy, no agendas.Worth nothing is that the support for this game is strong, I wouldn't be surprised if some day the game world becomes even greater than it already is. The developers actively participate in the community and encourage players to make recommendations and share their experiences with one another. Every day so far there's been updates which fix bugs and implement player recommendations to the game. What more can you ask from a game developer?I definitely recommend this game if you're stressed out and looking for something relaxing to play, or if you're looking for something to buy for your children. Don't buy it if you're looking for a specific popular game clone, though."
,Recommended,580200,33627660,Posted: 18 July,all,Wolf,"Yonder..where do I even begin?If you loved Stardew Valley, Harvest Moon and Zelda Breath of the Wild, this game is definitely for you. If you love views and pretty things, this game is definitely for you.The game is similar to Zelda in the sense that it's exploration, quests and open world. Harvest moon and Stardew Valley aspects come from the fishing, animal taming and produce. Please understand that this game isn't a game that's focued on farming. It's primarily exploration that this game is focused on. If you play this game with Stardew Valley, wake up, plant seeds, water seeds, harvest seeds, find a spouse, mentality; you'll be extremely disappointed.Plant seeds to regrow, clear the murk that's plauguing the lands, tend to your animals, go fishing, explore the open world free of ANY limitations, find treasure hidden around the map, there are caves and other wonderful little additons. There's no combat, just you and exxploration and the many different biomes that the game offers.Pros:Okay, the best thing about this game is how beautiful it is. I currently play the game on medium (issues I will touch on later) and even that is amazingly pretty. The animals are not the typical animals you usually find and are extremely adorable and I've listed the basic things down below as to what I found was pleasign about this game.+ Completely open world+ Aesthetically pleasing+ Cute animals that bound towards you like some frolicking flower squirrel+ Exploration+ Huge map with many diferrent areas+ Crafting is actually quite complicated and it isn't just you need 2 hide for one shirt. It's far more involved. (ie. you need 1 leather strap, blue dye, pink dye, leather material etc)+ No currency system but rather a trade system. (Different areas hold different demands therefore changes the values of the items)+ Weather, seasons- and these things impact the game (ie, fish that appear only in stormy days)+ The PUNS. The devs have thrown in many facepalming punny phrases.+ Many quests including main story quests and side quests.+ UNLIMITED. Ever hated when a game would limit you to this particular path only because that's the only path that's abaliable to you? Yonder is a game of exploration. Think Assassins Creed and secrets, and yes there are many many things you need to seek out in this game.Cons:The biggest and most frustrating issue I had were the camera and controls. If you're someone who's easily frustrated with controls, then this game might let you down. The controls feature simple wasd movement with a camera that moves in the direction that you choose to walk. Running around in an open world jumping onto boulders and rocks, this gets incredibly frustrating. I had to change my settings to medium to allow for the camera to be smooth and not headache inducing which impacts my favourite aspect of the game- aesthetics. Your ingame character also runs incredibly fast and there's no way to pick the speed. When you're exploring caves which require you to walk up a narrow path you actually have to tap gently in order to not fall off the edge. In an open world however, I can see why this is necesary as you don't want to spend your day trecking through grass, snow, wind and hail.- Camera and controls- Quests are simple but understandable as it is an open world.- There is no player housing, and you do not require to sleep unlike Stardew Valley.- No relationships- A big thing that bothered me (I'm not sure if there is this function or not? I haven't discovered it) but there's no GPS. In an open world a GPS is a must. I find myself checking the map 24/7 trying to get to somewhere only realising that I'm going the wrong damn way.- Can have a fair bit of travelling especially when taming animals/returing to your farm- Your tools and usable items are all thrown into one backpack and there is no hotkey bound to each tool. You simply button mash Q or E (left or right) to get to the tool you need. (ie. Scythe, Axe, Mallet, Pickaxe, Seeds. If you were wielding the Axe and you wanted the Pickaxe you must tap E twice to get to the Pickaxe to equip it. This can get quite annoying and I'd imagine much more worse as you explore more biomes and pick up more and more items.Overall, I'd definitely recommend it. The main downfall of this game is the controls and the camera. If you can overlook this, the pros are overwhelming and for the price that it is? Worth it."
,Not Recommended,580200,33657207,Posted: 19 July,all,Bowser,"PrefaceI want to start this review by saying I was hyped for this game, I wanted to love this game - it was promoted as stardew valley meets zelda and that couldn't have been any further from the truth. It has no required farming and the story was written by a five year old. The game had so much room for potential, but doesn’t live up to anything.You can honestly skip this game and watch a 2-hour complete playthrough (it’s terribly underwhelming). I’ll break this review down into a series of sections covering the main topics and features of the game and why it will never be worth the $25 they're going to be asking for it.ReviewExplorationWhen starting the game, it feels like you are part of a vast, rich world with lots of characters, animals, and biomes to explore then you quickly and sharply realize that the game is pretty repetitive featuring only one real animal in each biome and they’re completely optional.  The exploration of the game loosely ties into the actual main questline and you can skip a vast majority of the game (objectives, areas, and side quiests) and still complete the main game in less than five hours.StorylineThere isn’t any storyline. There’s maybe a single half-page reading to go along with the game-play which was considered the game’s storyline. If you’re reading reviews thinking this is another wonderful Zelda storyline, you’re sadly mistaken. This game is pretty much an objective simulator moving from Point A to Point B, purchasing a few items from a nearby vendor, and then moving onto the next objective in this very, very basic game.CombatThere isn’t any combat - end of story. Absolutely no nostalgic Zelda 64 dungeons to crawl or Stardew Valley like areas to explore and dig into. Nothing.GraphicsThis is subjective, I enjoyed the game’s ‘Zelda’ inspired graphics, but it’s up to you to form your own opinion on it.SoundThis is also subjective as graphics are. I found the background insects and other sounds to be overly obnoxious, but not game-breaking.Crafting SystemThe crafting system is a complete joke. A majority of the items are simply placed for sidequest requirements and can be skipped with no hussle or bustle about it. You don’t create any armor, weapons, or tools nor can you upgrade any of the tools you have. It’s completely passive with no real benefit. Even if you chose to complete the crafting system, you’ll be done in 30 minutes due to the lack of depth and game-play.Farming SystemAgain, the farming system is completely optional to the main storyline of the game and doesn’t provide any depth or content to the game itself. It feels like a complete waste of time and I only had to tame one animal just to complete the main storyline and it was never mentioned again. If you want a captivating experience like Harvest Moon or Stardew Valley then skip this game and go play those.ConclusionThis game is pretty much a rip off. It’s advertised everywhere as a Zelda meets Harvest Moon experience which makes you think you’re in for either a unique and fun farming system with goals and objectives or an alluring storyline supported by a farming system – this game is neither. It’s an under polished, seemingly rushed money vacuum. It is not worth it’s price point and the experience is very, very disappointing.Post ReviewIt's sad to say, but the devs of this game have now taken to filtering out any negative feedback or reviews of this game on their forums. They're trying to snuff out any bad publicity about their terrible game and are going as far as they can to stop anyone from having a voice they don't agree with. Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,580200,33924576,Posted: 31 July,all,[ Galaxy ],"This game... Where to begin?It looked promising when I bought it and considering I'm nowhere close to being an expert reviewer, I'll just be a friend who warns you of a few things:1. Music is barely audible.2. You don't have a big farm, just a bunch of small ones.3. Animal taming isn't as fun as I thought it'd be. Give it some food and watch it follow you for a LITTLE BIT.4. You cannot enter houses. They're there for show. Not even shops. Makes the world feel empty and dull.5. The movement is awkward.6. There's no money system in the game - only a trade one. So if you wanna buy the pickaxe, which usually costs 200 you have to trade things until you have given something of equal value. Interesting idea but a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you realize you have pants that're 600 bucks taking up space in your inventory.7. The quests and storyline has really boring dialogue.8. Day and night cycle's really fast.9. From what I saw in my game time you don't really get to interact with the animals nor farm with a hoe and stuff. You just put a plot of ""garden"" and put seeds in it. The animals poop around the farm and some dude watches over them while you're out collecting random stuff from the ground.and last but not least, 10. The world feels empty."
,Recommended,580200,33624322,Posted: 18 July,all,GCEism,"If you're a fan of Harvest Moon or Stardew Valley, definitely give this a whirl. No combat makes for a very relaxing and chill game. Also made by a very dedicated small team so props to them for this fantastic game.10/10 would adopt a Groffle again"
76561198055631052,Recommended,580200,33725230,Posted: 22 July,all,Rafalo15,"Breath of the Wild mixed with a bit of Stardew Valley and Harvest Moon is the best way to describe Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles.It's also a deathless world, one void of despair.Thats right, while it can be compared to those games, there is no combat whatsoever, the closest you get to any violence in this game is when you smash containers open for loot.There's really only one dark element in this game and thats the ""murk"" a dark and murky substance that blocks off certain areas and treasure chests. Bar that, there's no demonic entities to fight like in Breath of the Wild, nothing hostile whatsoever.Yonder's not a game for people who crave non-stop violence in their videogames, but its possible they could like it. Not every game needs a gun or weapons of any kind and Yonder proves this.There wasn't a single time where I dreaded having to kill one of the various cute animals for their materials like in every other game, instead I merely had to befriend them, bring them to my farm and then make sure they were fed, getting their fur and milk etc in return.Storywise is where the game fell flat for me, you start off on a ship which is wrecked, then end up at a nearby village where you help them out and then end up repairing the Cloud Catcher, thus dispersing the murk, all wrapped up with a surprise that I saw coming from a mile away. Its not a bad story, merely a dull one with no twists or unexpected events thrown at you. It could have been so much more.Instead of one main farm as I had initially hoped, you have a number of them, one in each region bar two of them. While its a nice idea, it can be cumbersome travelling to and from each one to gather any materials produced. Sure, you have the sage stones which act as teleporters and a hub world where you can choose which one to go through, but even then you'll still be doing a fair amount of walking from one to get to your destination. Also a label of some sort for each sage stone would be a lovely addition, some of them I just could not tell where they lead to.You can join several guilds in this, such as the tailor, chef, and tinker one. Joining them is simple enough: the master gives you some items and asks you to make a specific item for them, you make it and hey presto you're in. Then to advance to master of that guild you have to make 1000 value worth of items belonging to that class, easy enough right? Yeah, it would be if vendors stocked more than a small handful of items at a time, leaving you to wait for some time to restock or just farming basic items to make the kits, which are worth little. Either way it can be a nuisance mastering these.Speaking of crafting, there are items such as mortar and nails that are required for crafting a variety of items but the only way (that I've noticed in my 20 hours) to acquire them is from vendors. So then you have to farm some items to trade with them to then get said items. Rinse and repeat until you just want to punch these vendors but realise violence is practically non-existent in this.Fishing, mining, cutting grass, planting trees and smashing boulders are how you'll be collecting items in this outside of vendors, and fishing is easily my favourite thing to do in this. Considering that I don't like fish, its odd that I enjoy it so much but I can't help it when its so calming. Heck, I once spent nearly an hour fishing in this just because. Mining and the rest were merely pit stops for me as I traveled to the nearest watering hole.Oh, I should mention there are collectibles in this, the most elusive being the cats. There are 55 of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and some will only show up at certain times of the day, during a certain season and, most annoyingly, during a specific weather pattern. The 27 that I've found thus far was purely by just wandering from quest to quest and chancing upon them. You can build a cat totem once you've beat the story but all it does is place decorative cats in your farm. A shame, really.The other collectibles are the animals, there's only seven of them which is a disappointment as they are truly adorable.One thing that I would absolutely love to be included in a possible future patch would be to ride said animals, I don't want to keep them cooped up in the farm all year but I see little point in taking them with me when all they can do is follow me around.You also have sprites, think Navi from Ocarina of Time but the only time they talk is when you find them. They're found during the course of the story, by helping residents of the island with their requests, or by completing puzzles to bring them out of hiding, you can even change which one to accompany you but they're merely decorative.Gemea itself is a beautiful island to explore, ranging from lush forests to beaches, an enormous mountain you can jump off and a wintery wonderland. The Unity engine is put to great use here and the art style alone is a great selling point for this game. The music is wonderful too, changing as you move from region to region or as the time of day changed.Going back to the topic of quests, there is quite a lot of them, all of which can easily be tracked via your compass, but beware, because every time you accept a new quest it will then default to that one, forcing you to open the compass and go back to the one you were originally tracking.Yonder is a beautiful game that can eat up 20-30 hours, maybe more depending on if you're going for full completion. You can call it a game for kids if you so wish but should there ever come a time where you want to explore a beautifully crafted world without having to fight every other minute, then Yonder is highly recommended.Hopefully, with future patches (let me marry someone damn it) and additional content, if the devs intend to add some, the game could be even better.Bonus: There's also an island that is populated with nothing but trolls and poop, with the trolls making satirical remarks about the game. Nice to see the devs have a sense of humour about people's reactions to the game."
,Not Recommended,580200,33652661,Posted: 19 July,all,defective pancake,"I wish I had something good to write as a review for this game. To sum it up, it's nothing but disappointment.First of all, I've already played a game that's exactly like Yonder. It's called Fantasy Life and this game was released on Nintendo 3DS some years ago. And, being released years ago, it already did everything that this game does, and did it ten times better. Not only it has some basic yet fun combat that's not actually *that* necessary, you can also take some of the NPCs together on adventure with your character, crafting activities all feature some sort of mini-game, and exploration is much more fun and rewarding. There's also a much more in-depth character customization. Not to mention the art style that looks both great in environment and on character models.I'll write one good thing about Yonder: it looks great. There are various areas to explore that feature their own unique flora and there is a day/night circle which makes all of the areas look even more gorgeous depending on the time of the day. That is, until you see the NPC and animal models. They. Are. Horrible. People diss on Japanese character desgins because apparently ""they all look the same"" but Yonder takes it to the next level. The human NPCs cycle through 4, maybe 5, face presets, and their bodies look like something a five year old might've crafted out of a lump of clay. The animals don't look any better, they're all just like... a lumpy, vaguely spherical shape. Or a vaguely sausage-y shape. Or something among the lines. All of this is especially glaring since the surrounding world looks quite beautiful, especially the grass and skyboxes. It can't be even excused for an ""artstyle"", it's not even ""lowpoly"" or whatever; this is sheer, plain laziness that could've been easily fixed had the 3D artist spent at least 5 more hours in Blender.If I were to compare Yonder to something other than Fantasy Life that would be another indie game called Hardland (which is still in early access) and despite being built on the same Unity engine it looks so much better and much more detailed without any sort of performance issues. In a game like Yonder, that's supposed to look pretty because there's not much else to do other than gather and grind, graphical inconsistensies like that are extremely hard to overlook, especially when the game is supposed to be competing against other games in the field and genre... And it's definitely losing hard, even with all the pretty scenery.Crafting is pretty much restricted until you start advancing through various quests, which is totally fine, I guess, since there's no real reason for you to craft anything. There are no stamina bars, or stats to boost, and clothing looks ugly no matter what because of the character models that I've already mentioned. Farming is extremely basic. It's almost like it's a ""concept"" of ""farming"" that people who had no idea what farm life is about decided to come up with. You just have this farm, and there are animals and maybe a few plants... And they don't really do anything, just generate resources once a day? To add insult to injury, you can't even own a proper house. The lack of combat or any sort of meaningful interaction with the NPCs in the game world make the game feel very empty, and missing something important to keep the player interested in the game for more than 3 hours.Now I really hate comparing games to other games, and if this were a good game that really stood out on it's own, I wouldn't do any of that. Unfortunately, to me Yonder doesn't feel like a completed project. I can totally get behind the lack of combat, because there are plenty of games that don't feature combat at all, yet they are extremely in-depth and offer challenges that take time and actual effort to complete when it comes to gathering and crafting. There are no real competitions in this game, no engaging and long-time goals to work towards, no town festivals, no meaningful interactions with NPCs; the quests you complete don't feel like anything other than padding to stuff the game with. The only saving grace of this game is, basically, that it's a gimped Fantasy Life/Harvest Moon on PC for those who still don't own a 3DS."
,Recommended,580200,33985660,Posted: 2 August,all,Skierkat,"Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles.What can I say about this game? It's lighthearted and relaxing, there is no combat in this game. The game pays homage to the type of games such as animal crossing/stardew valley, if you like those type of games I'd certainly recommend this game. The game is mostly open world adventure with a very slight bit of farming tossed in.Here's a short list of pros and consPros:- Relaxing & Atmospheric- Unique and beautiful graphics- A nice light story- Cats- Fairly active development team fixing things- Encourages walking (if you're into that kind of thing) or fast travel if you're notCons:- The trading system isn't the best, you can easily get an advantage trading junk for useful items, it would be much better with a universal currency- Limited space in your bag with no way to upgrade it other than storing in the farm- A lot of the items needed for quests are in a shop thats literally right next to the quest area, I think this discourages utilising the crafting system.Get the game on sale."
,Not Recommended,580200,33756424,Posted: 23 July,all,Drathek,"I think I had higher expectations for this game, and it really hurt my experience playing the game when I discovered how shallow and uninteresting most of the mechanics are. Yonder seems to focus on a broad of a stoke of systems rather than creating systems that the player can dive deep into.What the game did well:Beautiful landscapes.Beautiful visual effects.Witty quest dialogue.Clever explanation to waypointing and teleporting.Fishing minigame is simple, but engaging.Offers lots of checklists for the player to tick off.Where did the game fall short:Offers a bartering system, but the player knows exactly what each thing is worth and the NPC will not negotiate anything that isn't in his favor unless it happens to be the one type of thing a town is designated to be in low supply.Focus on exploration, but there is nothing to offer as treasure to the player except cosmetic stuff (and way too much worthless shampoo).Offers husbandry, but there is only a difficulty in setting it up. Once set up, your farm just will produce a resource you probably didn't need (honestly the only thing that seemed useful was milk for making warm milk to get farmhands)Offers farming (though you can't get into it until mastering carpentry), but you just plant and forget to produce resources you probably didn't need.Seasons also don't seem to matter as far as what grows or what you can plant, simply what weather effects you can get (including snow in bright daylight).Equipment is purely functional without any progression and every piece of equipment except maybe the fishing rod is given away by simply talking to a npc (not even for completing a task for them).Clothing is purely cosmetic, there is no reason to get something else except to look different.Crafting has almost no progression: Just find the NPC to enter the guild and then craft 1000V worth of stuff (like 4 things?) for that profession using mats from the trader there.Technical notes:Turn VSync off, it just jitters the camera horribly whenver the game is taxed."
76561198006306824,Not Recommended,580200,33661490,Posted: 19 July,all,Ekzel,"The description of this game implied to me that I could take an active role in the game, specifically, ""set your own pace; trail-blaze across the world or settle down for a spot of quiet fishing and farming,"" ""master professions like carpenter, chef, tailor and more to help the residents of Gemea,"" and, ""build and harvest multiple farms across 8 diverse biomes, ranging from grasslands through dense forest, Caribbean tropics and more.""Farming involves putting down buildings that then give you resources from a chest.  No planting, watering, or harvesting here.For fishing you play a stock cast animation, a fish magically appears, you point at the fish with the bobber and then push the stick/direction opposite the fish.  No baiting the fish or fighting to land the fish in a give-and-take struggle between you and the fish.Carpentry, chef, tailoring and more involve getting recipes, having the materials, then clicking the craft button, nothing more.Gathering is about taking the tool and hitting the rock or tree or grass until it gives up the items.  No stamina here.Ultimately, the point of the game is to go around collecting sprites that will increase your sprite number enough to make all the murk go away.  You will do this by walking around everywhere, finding glowing spots via fulfilling fetch quests and/or aimless wandering.Nothing in this game goes much farther than pressing a button and moving somewhere.  There's nothing of substance behind the pretty visuals the game has to offer.  Even within the genre of non-violent games, there are more enjoyable and relaxing games than this (ABZU, Proteus, etc).  The game is considered finished, so I feel comfortable in recommending against this product."
76561198006936642,Recommended,580200,33687265,Posted: 20 July,all,Martyr of the Burning Sphere,"This game is incredibly relaxing. Don't come looking for excitement, don't come looking for intensity, don't even come looking for a challenge. There is no combat, there is no death, there is no urgency in anything. Considering how it plays, I'd suggest it's a game for when even Stardew Valley is too intense. I am well aware that this will be a dealbreaker for many people, but if that sounds like something you'd appreciate, it does that very, very well :)I've been having a lot of fun with it. The art style is very cohesive and super adorable. The characters are cute, the story is thin but certainly serves the purpose of moving you through the locations. My only complaint is that I wish there was a little more guidance how to do certain things. Trading isn't particularly intuitive, and isn't particularly well explained. I feel it takes a little too long to get your hands on all the tools, particularly since there's a trader at the beginning who sells them all and it's not clear they're coming. But I suppose that's the nature of the game - if it would bother you to have a goal in mind and not immediately know what is necessary to fulfill that goal, the game probably isn't going to be something you'd enjoy. But if you're into a more 'come what may' style of play, this is definitely a diverting little game to be enjoyed :)"
76561197977731571,Not Recommended,580200,34689718,Posted: 2 September,all,Silvermane - DK,"Beautiful, but feels empty.There's very little meat on the crafting system, from what i've tried, with most of the recipes seeming like filler. Ratios are also weird. One of the items is a carpenters kit. Which is consumed while crafting, which seems off.Aside from that, the story mostly seemed to boil down to ""go here, have some exposition"", and some of the quests were just boring; For one quest, you get tasked by a father to help one of his children make furniture to make them better carpenters. They don't want to, and you get a third option from the mother, to make something else, which seems nice. Except after getting the items and giving them to the mother, you skip to a scene where the kids are saying to the dad, they don't want to make furniture, they'd rather make ""this"", without revealing what ""it"" actually is.In another instance, early game, after surviving a crash, you go get help, and all you get, is something along the lines of ""And then they fed you and you slept"", which is just boring.So i repeat, beautiful, cute little game, but it mostly seems like a bland mix of Stardew valey and Zelda, for toddlers."
,Recommended,580200,33673325,Posted: 20 July,all,GamerG,"Cat Catcher Chronicles - At least that's the main reason I want to keep playing is to catch all of the kittens :)My rating is 6/10While I can still recommend it - it's not going to be for everyone. It's also a $20 game, so I'm not expecting it to be so truly amazing I can take my hands off of it. Even though of course I've played $5 games that have blown me out of the water in thier amazement factor. I think where people are going to be dissapointed is it isn't Stardew Valley or Harvest Moon. There are farms but they don't act like the SD/HV farming. If you go in with the expectations that it will be like that you will be dissapointed. It also takes time to get things set up like waypoints and things to put on your farm as you learn craft skills, hair styles, etc. So people may think oh this is all there is after an hour or two... but they haven't played it enough.What this game does well:It's pretty - well everything but the player models.It's cute - I love all the creatures!It's relaxing - it can be relaxing to walk around and just pick up items.What this game does HORRIBLY:My biggest complaint about this game is the jumping. If I jump I want to jump forward. The first jump goes forward the second jump PUSHES ME BACK, WHY AM I GOING BACKWARDS AAAAGGGGGGHHHHHH....Holy crap is it aggrivating.The second complaint is the lack of swimming - I should be able to swim in a pond or a stream it's an EXPLORATION GAME LET ME EXPLORE.The sound - This is my only other complaint about this game, but the sound can be annoying constant jingling as you are running and it gets worse when you get in caves. While I want to catch kitties I am not a cat myself don't put a bell on me.If the game devs were able to improve any of those three items it would be for the betterment of thier game.All in all I can still recommend it, although I may recommend it to first time/smaller children for thier first adventure / craft style game. Or for people like me who want to play games just to de-stress, and it does a good job of being stress free - minus the jumping thing ;) Thanks for your time in reading and have fun no matter what you decide on!"
76561198102927528,Not Recommended,580200,34070691,Posted: 6 August,all,Malow,"It looked promising when I bought it and considering I'm nowhere close to being an expert reviewer, I'll just be a friend who warns you of a few things:1. Music is barely audible.2. You don't have a big farm, just a bunch of small ones.3. Animal taming isn't as fun as I thought it'd be. Give it some food and watch it follow you for a LITTLE BIT.4. You cannot enter houses. They're there for show. Not even shops. Makes the world feel empty and dull.5. The movement is awkward.6. There's no money system in the game - only a trade one. So if you wanna buy the pickaxe, which usually costs 200 you have to trade things until you have given something of equal value. Interesting idea but a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you realize you have pants that're 600 bucks taking up space in your inventory.7. The quests and storyline has really boring dialogue.8. Day and night cycle's really fast.9. From what I saw in my game time you don't really get to interact with the animals nor farm with a hoe and stuff. You just put a plot of ""garden"" and put seeds in it. The animals poop around the farm and some dude watches over them while you're out collecting random stuff from the ground.and last but not least, 10. The world feels empty."
,Recommended,580200,33626072,Posted: 18 July,all,Obviously Dracula,"This game is really adorable. All of the animals and characters act really sweet.The art style really drew me in at first. Everything seems really minimal but not in a 'low-effort' way. The lighting and visual effects were really solid.The game lures you in with this interesting backstory thats kind of a tossed together mix of 'amnesia', 'strange murk', 'sprites/spirits', 'an old kingdom' and while it comes off weak, it kept me interested enough to want follow it. But because the developers boast about this game being played 'however you want', I felt content enough just wandering around and chatting with the villagers and such. The quests you get from the villagers are all much like you'd find in an MMORPG but they sometimes seem cute or funny in their own way.One thing that absolutely -blew my mind- was that I picked up this game maybe 5 minutes after release and found it completely bug free. Not once did I have to get frustrated due to crashing or bugs in the game during an initial 3 hour playthrough (I'm still not even nearly halfway through yet). The game released seeming really well put together.The character customization is pretty interesting too. There isn't much you can do with your character as you start the game, but as you adventure and help people out, you start finding a bunch of clothing, hair styles, hair colors, accessories, etc. that you can throw on. I don't know what it is about games that spoil us with character customization rewards but damn, I love it.To wrap up, I think this is a good game that I would recommend to people with longer attention-spans/people that can enjoy a game that doesn't feed you tons of content all at once. The game is really smooth, pretty, charming, interesting, and memorable.Just a little edit after playing a bit more: I did eventually run into some bugs in the game but nothing major. On my fourth hour, the game crashed suddenly but I was able to load back in from an auto-save and carry on without any issues. On my sixth hour, I started playing with a steam controller and noticed that some UI stuff seemed a little bugged but nothing game-breaking. There were also some audio bugs but overall, I still hold by my statement that the game seems really well put together considering it just launched.I think I'm halfway through the game now and still think that Yonder is a great game that I will see to its end and enjoy"
76561198148861634,Not Recommended,580200,33740401,Posted: 23 July,all,Tigrex,"I have to say this game is really relaxing and beautiful, the npcs and animals are cute the landscape is stunning..But it is far too easy and too short. The Mainquest is just straight running from A to B while collecting a few easy obtainable items no need doing any sidequests really. The Sidequests are also very unrewarding and the trading system is absolutely broken, i am honest you can just buy everything just doing fishing the sell them to the npc the fishes are too much worth. Fishing is also very easy even the biggest fishes. Or buying Clothes with 93% discount all the time and selling it to the other npcs for the normal price. I wish the crafting and farming system would be little bit deeper but you dont really even need to craft or build a farm in this game . Mastery a profession is too easy, just craft the same items until you got enough points and then you are a master of that profession very simple.  The Soundtrack could be also much better, its so repetitive. You also dont really feel the different seasons or the changes with it, most of all animals are on all seasons represent. You have 5 farms but normally you only visit them once a week to get your stuf from the farmchest, no need to take care for your animals or plants its all automatic producing without any really effort. This game could be so much more really but there are so many things that are irritating and make no sense. The crafting, farming and trading system.. If you want a farmgame, then stay with Stardew Valley. If you want an adventure and just want to explore and chilling around without any combat then this game could be for you."
,Not Recommended,580200,33916064,Posted: 30 July,all,GoldenLies,"I like this game. It's beautiful and stylish and I am a sucker for open world crafting. However, this game needs a bit more refinement.This game is extremely short and it took me about 15 hours to beat it. The side quests just became agonizing to finish. Just the fact I can just buy the stuff off the merchants to finish the main quests makes it too easy.Crafting is supposed to be the big thing about this game. Yet I am not encouraged to do it because I can just fish a bajillion times or pick up a ton of stuff to get what I need. The extreme limit on certain crafting items like mortar discourage me even more. But, this was before update 3. I haven't played since. I would like to see more crafting quests where NPCs ask for certain things.Farming just seems like an afterthought. I basically ignored farming for the rest of the game until the end game when I had literally nothing to do. It has little to no impact on the game itself. I would like to see the biomes and weather affect crops and etc and maybe more of an incentive to adopt animals and use their products.I would recommend if the developers put more content in the game and flesh out the crafting and farming system a bit more."
76561198015158811,Not Recommended,580200,34069322,Posted: 6 August,all,GKMoggleMog,"Overpriced, shallow in everything it does, feels like a game in an alpha state that would be in early access (I even looked a few times on the store page because I was sure it had to be), and the seasons are pitifully done. The seasons change, but they hardly effect the environment. Like in winter the tree leaves change to white, the tips of the grass change to white, the roads in some areas turn white, it snows (but doesn’t add snow to the ground), and the environment sounds change. It’s so lazy and poorly done. And there are biomes that stay like their seasons all year round. Like the area where the fishing tournament is is Summer all year round because the grass doesn’t change and you can hear cicada’s. I asked if the game had seasons or biomes because it looked like biomes in the screenshots and a dev said there were seasons in a rude sounding way and didn’t mention that it’s really biomes and the season system doesn’t really change much, so the devs intentionally lied to my face by leaving that out.I recomend Fantasy Life on the 3DS as a far better alternative to this."
76561198037073775,Not Recommended,580200,33663416,Posted: 19 July,all,Lawtonfogle,"I purchased Yonder because of the idea of an exploring, collecting, and crafting game.  What I ended up discovering was a game that failed on one of those promises, and underwhelmed on the others.  The world and collection parts of the game would've been fine had they been backed by a crafting system that had depth and impact, but in the end the crafting systme lacked either and the whole bundel unraveled.The world looks nice, but this is distracted by poor controls and lack of entertaining ways to traverse the open plains.  The Mary Poppins Umbrella means of falling explains the lack of any damage, but completely underwhelms what sliding down cliffs could've been.Collecting is also pretty decent, with plenty of things to collect and a respawn time that made farming spawns possible, but not mandatory.  The problems seemed to be a lack of tiers of ability to collect and any interactions during collection.  I'd much prefer item collection styles along the lines of either Minecraft or Fantasy Life and Final Fantasy XIV.  This has neither.Crafting is where it failed.  When I first helped restore different buildings with crafting material, I had high hopes as I enjoyed the whole 'rebuild the town' aspect.  But this seemed to be a limited trope that was quickly abandoned.  The ability to build a few customizations for one's farm was also nice.  But the real failure was when I joined a guild and mastered crafting in 5 minutes.  The lack of tiers, and the lack of interconnectiviity between different kinds of crafting, made the system feel extremely shallow and disapointing.I was looking for something that could fill the Fantasy Life void and this game is not it."
,Recommended,580200,34045202,Posted: 5 August,all,Avenne,"If you're in the mood for a relaxing game with no combat, then this is definitely the direction to go. There is no question about how amazing the graphics are for this game. The world is fantastic. The imagery is eye-catching and pleasant to look at. I love how you can customize your character even after creation with clothing, hair and accessories. If I want to be a girl running around with a full beard, I totally can. Took me awhile to figure out you can actually display your craft badges on your backpack which is pretty neat as well.I wholeheartedly enjoyed this game, but there were a few things I found a bit lackluster.1) Sage Stones: I love the idea of them, but they are all in awkward, inconvenient places. I've used them a few times, but otherwise I found that running directly to your destination seemed faster than looking for a Stone in an out of the way location.2) Farms: They felt too far apart and in odd places to make them worth while. I only use one farm, barely. They don't really seem to serve a point since I can buy nearly everything I need from traders for quests. Rather than a bunch of small farms, I wish you could have one massive farm to upkeep and hire multiple farmhands for. The temporary taming is a bit frustrating, especially with the farms in the places they are. Having to lead them halfway across the map is a bit time consuming, especially when you run out of food and they run away, progress lost. I want to see something with baby animals in the spring, perhaps you can pick up and carry one back to your farm. Super happy to see that they all shared inventory though.3) I want to see a more immersive world. Building interiors, NPCs with more dialogue instead of everyone saying the same few lines about some village desperate to get rid of their cloth, wood etc. ( The children with the adult voices grunting at you is a little unsettling. )4) Day/night/season cycles I wish were a bit longer.5) Lastly, just quality of life additions to the menu and map would be nice. More information about the animals you discover. What they eat. What they produce. I am completely OCD about keeping my inventory clear, so it would be nice to see what you need before you go out to tame. On your map, it would be nice to see how many sprites are required for a section of Murk after discovering it. I found myself having to skip a ton because I didn't have enough sprites, so I wrote down how many were needed in what locations.Otherwise, I did enjoy this very much. I have about 13 hours played time. I've already completed the main storyline, but that was with a bunch of idling when I had to leave the PC and doing a ton of side quests. I still have a bunch of quests to do, crafting, collectibles, and finding more sprites. I'm excited as to what the developers have to offer in later patches."
76561198025465442,Not Recommended,580200,34045399,Posted: 5 August,all,dragon_knight,"Well What to say about this game.Completed the main story quest in 8 hours. without touching the farms. bar one. If you are a completeist, then there are alot of other things to do in the game. such as collections. Locations.There is not alot of farm interaction which i wha i beleived i was getting when i purchased the game, definatly doesnt run like stardew valley.I dont see any replayability in  the game but i am still yet to collect/see everything this game has to offer"
76561198007503306,Recommended,580200,33696738,Posted: 21 July,all,astralsamurai,"Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles is beautiful, sweet and gentle. It is a game about exploration and collection; there is no combat, nobody dies. That said, if you are looking for a 3D Stardew Valley, this is not the game you're looking for. The farming elements are limited and there are no romances or relationships to speak of.Go into this with the appropriate expectations and this game can be a great unwinder at the end of (or the beginning) of the day. The world is gorgeous, the controls (with a controller, at least) are smooth and intuitive, the animals are adorable and if you like collecting things, there are a LOT of things to collect.Like a lot of the reviewers, I'd like for there to be more 'depth' to the game. I'd love to get more into the farming, I'd like to form some 'real' relationships with NPCs beyond bribing them with food until they go work on my farms -- but also remember that this is an Indie game produced by a small shop and what they've already made is pretty fantastic. The game isn't PHENOMENALLY GOOD (yet!), but it's well worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,580200,33687052,Posted: 20 July,all,Sapsicle,"This game is absolutely stunning. This graphics and effects are unreal for a team this size. Though the style might affect this somewhat, I'd say it looks better than skyrim on some level. Keep in mind this game isn't much like skyrim. NO ENEMIES. Sorry, if you love holding grudges and fistfighting this is not the game for you. If you played stardew valley you'll probably enjoy playing this. Just know that this game isn't heavily focused on farming much less anything, but it's certainly possible to focus your goals on farming alone.Also I should note that you don't form to strong of relationships with the characters in this game (at least not for me)"
76561198017361467,Recommended,580200,33744152,Posted: 23 July,all,Worriedcat,"TL;DR:1.) 99% of the down votes are from people who thought they were buying Harvest Moon 2.0 spliced with some Stardew Valley, and who missed the small detail about there being no combat in the game.2.) The game is great and you should buy it, for several reasons that are described more in detail below.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It's irritating to skim through reviews from people who've failed to even scratch the surface of a game, so I'll not bore you with more of that♥♥♥♥♥♥and instead offer you a review from someone who's actually progressed in the game.First off, Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles is not a game that should be rushed through. It's about 40% atmosphere and 60% game play. If you don't take in the scenery while tending to your animals, or collecting stone for a new project in one of your many farms, you'll miss out, badly.Despite there being disgruntled buyers in the comments here complaining about having in practice thought it's a sandbox games with cute animals and goblins behind every corner- I'll instead say that Yonder is more similar to Animal Crossing than for instance Minecraft or Terraria. There is no conflict in the game, it's not about that. It's about exploring and taking in the landscape and sounds of a vast beautiful world full of life and character.There is a main story-line, but it's something on your to-do list. You've got projects that always feel more pressing. Advance in one of the many crafting guilds, go treasure hunting, fish and tame animals, maintain the many different areas by planting threes and clearing them of darkness, look for new sprites and hidden cute cats. Care for your farms and constantly improve them using new gadgets and gizmos. Talk to the locals and find someone you trust who can become your farmhand while your gone. Let this game take time, and it's extremely rewarding. Yonder is a rare experience in our rushed and stressed modern lives, and a fresh breeze in gaming that dares to break the mold and trusts in the player being immersed due to his or her natural curiosity and hunger for adventure.I'm not going to rate this game on a 1-10 scale, I'm only going to say that if you give Yonder a couple of hours of your time, you will be rewarded in a way that's very rare in modern gaming. The game has massive potential and I hope they continue on with this world, and keep having trust in the gamers appreciation for beauty and will to explore."
76561198042913113,Recommended,580200,34077338,Posted: 7 August,all,caidicus,"I'll recommend it, with a pretty big word of caution.Really beautiful, but also really frustrating.I really like the aesthetic of the game, it looks great, it sounds great, it even runs great. At first, this seems like a game that has that ""it"" element that makes a game truly special.The problem is, it quickly becomes a chore to play. Limited inventory space, no currency and only trade... These two limiting factors mean that you'll soon have an inventory full of stuff that's worth so much ""money"" but the traders don't have enough stuff to trade to you fairly. This means you'll be giving them 3000 ""dollars?"" worth of your stuff for a couple hundred worth of their stuff. Why? Because your inventory is full, and because you'll probably have a hard time figuring out which stuff you should keep, and which stuff you shouldn't.This problem is compounded by the fact that you might think ""Hmm.. I guess I'll do a crafting quest, so I should collect these materials"", but you'll be unable to find one part of that recipe, and you'll find quests that require entirely different recipes.After 3 hours of play, I had a quest log full of stuff to make for all the different crafting guilds, and my inventory was stuffed with materials that still left every recipe incomplete.All of this has made me feel entirely indifferent about the game. I don't really enjoy doing anything because I've learned to feel like my efforts will be in vain. Not very enjoyable.All of this complaining probably makes you think I wouldn't recommend the game. In all honesty, I recommend you follow it or add it to your wishlist. I also recommend you read some of the other positive reviews and see if the game speaks to you. It is a really magical feeling game, and there's lots to like about it.For someone like me, someone who dislikes complication added upon complication added upon complication, this game is currently not in a state I can enjoy.I hope the developers put more effort into reducing the run-around of trying to complete simple quests. For a game that has no combat, these crafting and guild quests are pretty much all the game is about. When each quest feels dangled JUST out of reach, well... It's hard for me to justify playing a game I don't enjoy.I'm clicking recommended, as I do think the game deserves to be considered by people who enjoy the genre. But, again, read other reviews, and maybe wait, if the complaints I've mentioned seem like things you would also be bothered by."
76561198029183129,Not Recommended,580200,33660836,Posted: 19 July,all,Kiln,"I'd like to start off by saying that Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles as is, is a fun game. I had a pretty okay time bingeing the 6 1/2 hours it took me to get through the main questline and most of the misc. quests. For it's price (I got it for $19.99 on sale but this applies to the normal $24.99 price as well), I believe it's well worth it.Now onto the reason I gave it a negative review:It has a little bit of everything but not enough of one thing.The most common comparison I've seen to this game is that it's a cross between Zelda and Stardew Valley and I more or less agree with that comparison. It's got an open-world adventure game genre similar to a Zelda game, and a relatively centered theme of farming like Stardew Valley. The problem is, neither are remotely fleshed out enough.The main storyline is sub-par, though I'm given the impression that the focus of the game isn't meant to be on an extensive plot but instead on the other aspects to the game so the sub-par storyline would be forgivable except given how the storyline plays a part in the other aspects of the game, it would've been better off had the story been short and sweet like your ship wrecking on Gemea and the locals helping you start a new life there and just carry on with that, similar to Stardew Valley's intro where it starts with your Grandpa giving you his farm and then the game leaving you to do whatever you want from then on.The major problem with the farming aspects of the game is there isno actual reason you ever need to farm anything. Since there's no actual in-game currency, there's no need to save up for anything because everything can be traded for with a the countless number of loot you'll get just from walking around.NPCs feel like faceless nobodies, only having 2-3 lines of dialog unless they're a part of a quest. There's no sense of connection with anyone. Now, if the intent was not to be like Stardew Valley with relationship meters/percentages or anything similar to that, then that's totally fine, but because this bit wasn't fleshed out I'd expect other aspects (farming, combat, story) to be more fleshed out then.Obviously a major intentional aspect to this game is the lack of combat in it.There is no killing monsters, animals, people, anything. Now, a passive game like this is again totally fine, but I would really expect the other aspects to be more fleshed out such as the farming. However, the lack of combat combined with the plotabout the Murk that's depicted as this evil, poisonous threat that terrorized Gemea, destroying farms, houses, etc., makes the story fall completely flat on it's face because there is no actual threat to the player, the environment, or the other inhabitants of Gemea.This might be more of a personal nitpick, though I believe others have had problems with this as well.The level design is atrocious.I'm not saying everything you need should be on a straight path out in the open, in fact I found exploring some areas quite enjoyful. However, there are some areas that require you to walk for ages in the wrong direction before you're able to actually head in the right direction, and this is of course all done at the same speed throughout the game, as there is no running, mounts, speed boost items or anything of that like. That, combined with the vast emptiness of the world changes the player's priority from exploration to getting from point A to point B as quickly as possible. I think a helpful mechanic would've been either some form of increased speed as mentioned above, or perhaps some kind of vertical movement, be it ropes, climbing, flight, whatever.Personally, I think the game would've been better off centering the gameplay mechanics around keeping up A farm (meaning just one centralized farm), and letting the player explore the island discovering new types of crops and animals that they could carry/herd back to their farm, and significantly fleshing out the other characters, even if that means significantly reducing the amount of them there are.Or heck, there's so much open empty land you could have the player start their own town or something, I don't know. The major issue is that there were hints of several different game genres in here but none of them were fleshed out to the extent they should've been."
,Recommended,580200,33693602,Posted: 21 July,all,Nova,"Good for a casual player, maybe someone like me who isn't the biggest fan of combat, since there isn't any. The world is charming, people are charming, animals are very cute and some of the quests are funny! A lot of puns, a lot of special collectibles (sprites, cats, constellations that make your night sky SO PRETTY)It's mostly about resource collection and farm management, crafting, exploring..A lot of fun to sit down and play, no stress, calming."
76561198019493063,Not Recommended,580200,33723042,Posted: 22 July,all,Pwny Express,"So, first off, I quite enjoyed this game. Beautiful, relaxing, very sweet.Sadly, it's pretty terribly thought out. By three hours into the game, I had no need to farm, just selling junk and buying from traders what I need, there's no impetus, no drive at all in the game, nothing to complete beyond exploring the towns, mastering the crafts.I think my biggest issue with the game is that it could so easily be so much more, and that's the feeling I got throughout whilst playing it. ""Yeah, sure, this is fine, but man wouldn't it be cool if...!"" etc.So, sadly, although I'd love this to be a better game, it really isn't. Buy it on sale, don't spent more than a fiver."
76561197970320868,Recommended,580200,33734236,Posted: 22 July,all,sizer99,"A lot of reviews are complaining about the lack of quest content - THIS IS NOT A GAME FOR PEOPLE WHO NEED TO BEAT THINGS.  If that's you, don't buy this. This is for people who like to run around and find things, oh and maybe get some quests done.It's basically Stardew Valley + Breath of the Wild, but without SDV's fatigue bulls@#$ or BotW's inventory / things breaking bulls@#$.   There's no combat, but there is lots of exploration, building up your farm(s), crafting, and finding hidden kitties.Two more things: You will need a dual stick gamepad.  And the climbing model is just evil.  You'll be missing BotW's climbing.Other than that, I've been having a grand old time getting completely lost and forgetting I was supposed to be doing quests."
76561198120963604,Not Recommended,580200,33734996,Posted: 22 July,all,Bekah,"I spent quite a while waiting for this game after reading about it on /r/StardewValley on Reddit; it looked super promising from the trailers on here, and I couldn't wait to download it - I just upgraded my computer and this was actually the first game I installed, even before WoW and I love WoW so that's saying something!Unfortunately, this game just didn't live up to the hype for me - I'd hoped it would grow on me as I played but alas. It was described on Reddit as a cross of Stardew Valley and Breath of the Wild - both are games that I adore - I've completed BotW three times so far and have a 100% run in the works now, and with Stardew Valley, I have a couple of different save files for the purposes of marrying different bachelors, etc. Naturally, Yonder sounded perfect to me.Yes, it's beautiful. I love the graphics, but I spend a lot of time aimlessly wandering about the map, looking for random NPCs  - one example is the quest ""Finding your Crew"" - the beacon from my compass simply points to the end quest point, without any vague hints as to where I might find my crew! I don't want to be told exactly where they are, but a hint, for example, ""Luff the Sailor enjoys sitting by the river"" or something like that would be helpful in finding them.Also, the controls aren't so intuitive; I'm not used to pressing ""Esc"" to close my map - I'd prefer M to open and close the map, and the same for things like my compass - it just makes it that bit less intuitive and it makes checking my map that little bit more annoying. I would prefer my inventory to be set to something like B or I - tab's just odd to me, but that's more of a personal choice. Being able to change the key bindings would go a long way.I'd love for the farming aspect to be more fleshed out - I mostly abandon my farm, because I haven't needed anything from there yet, and there aren't any negative consequences that I've observed from abandoning it.Another choice that isn't necessarily imperative: I would like for the colour change shampoos to maybe be re-usable - something on the clothing tab maybe, as I accidentally used a black shampoo within 2 minutes of starting and was disappointed that I couldn't revert to blue so easily. The shampoos are cute and all, but it was a bit disappointing that I simply clicked and my chosen hair colour was changed to something I didn't like.I'll probably play this to the end, but I don't see a lot of re-playability in it unless there's some extra DLC planned somewhere along the line. It's a shame that I'm 18% done with the game and I've only rescued 9 Sprites and totally cleared the Grasslands of Murk.However, I did enjoy several points of the game. Trading with merchants is nice, and the fact that the same thing will have a different value to different traders is good. I enjoyed the fishing, too! The ability to switch between mouse control and arrow control for the fishing was good as I found mouse easier for bobbing the rod and arrows easier for reeling in. As mentioned, the game is incredibly beautiful, and I appreciated the option to turn the bloom down a little and reduce the camera sensitivity. The changing weather was a nice touch; the snow looked lovely. The sprites were super cute, and I'm a sucker for a pun or two!Overall, it's difficult to say that I wouldn't recommend this, and I would like to give a neutral rating, but the bottom line is that there isn't that choice and I probably wouldn't recommend it - it wasn't entirely enjoyable for me, which is really sad, as I'd so hoped it would be."
,Not Recommended,580200,33664291,Posted: 19 July,all,MeganSkye,"I so wanted to like this game but I just can't. Everyone has already said it but the world feels empty, and this whole game seems like one giant tech demo. The graphic are beautiful but the crafting system is tedious. Luring the fish is fun but there is no challenge to catch it. This game tried a lot but couldn't follow through on gameplay and trying to jump to new places is annoying when I don't know which rocks will let me jump because collision detection. Also like eyerone else said troll village makes really good points (execpt the games need guns) and I wish the developers though about the ""trolls"". As well as the ""humor"" Bogs are gross so lets add fart noises, Its a troll village lets add poop and blatently state were trolling you. I felt like they were trying to bash me over the head with their humor, sometimes less is more and I would love to see a more subtle aproach. All in all I expected a harvest moon/stardew valley meets slime rancher/fantasy life but apperantly it was just too big of an idea for this company to follow through on, and I do feel I were ""trolled"" for paying full price. Get this at a good sale price and enjoy the beauty but don't expect a full fleshed out game."
,Not Recommended,580200,33838364,Posted: 27 July,all,tipsy,"It's cute, but it has no depth. It's good for a few hours of entertainment, but it's priced way too high for what you get."
,Not Recommended,580200,33773246,Posted: 24 July,all,Maevirro,"The only reason I picked this game up is because curators and friends alike kept referencing how it is similar to Stardew Valley and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.It's neither.Unlike Stardew Valley, the farming aspect isn't an integral part of the game. In fact, it will be a while before you even get the chance to do any sort of crop farming at your farm. Even the products you produce on your farm are superfluous, as you can easily pick up the items you need for any quest from NPC shopkeeps. There's really very little need to do any sort of management in Yonder compared to the complex time/resource management one must do in SDV.The only things that resembles Loz:BotW is the exploration and certain visual elements, I guess. Certainly there are some beautiful visuals in-game that look like Loz:BotW. However, the graphics confused me a bit. There are times that the game looked like a stunning watercolor painting with pretty awesome lighting effects. Other times, it's like playing with Mega Bloks, lacking texture and definition. It almost looked like placeholder items that the developers forgot to go back and polish.As for gameplay, it's like Animal Crossing more than anything. Super ultra casual. The objectives aren't difficult to complete at all. You're not meant to rush through the game. Simply enjoy the environment/music and, if you feel like it, find something to do. There's zero pressure in the game. While I like that in most casual games, in Yonder, though, it simply feels like there's no real purpose for our characters to be in that world. We're not heroes. There's no one to save. We're mostly running around completing other people's errands and documenting the flora and fauna we come across. There's no real sense of progression or achievement.Don't get me wrong. It's a cute little casual game. I just wish it was...more.Don't expect it to be a really complex time/resource management game like SDV (people really need to stop making this comparison, it's misleading!) or a true adventure game like LoZ:BotW. It's something you boot up when you need to take a break from more stressful games. But, honestly, I'd rather play Fallout Shelter in that case and that game is free to play."
,Recommended,580200,33901810,Posted: 30 July,all,Kalliste,Finally a game where I can run around at my own pace exploring the world without having to watch my back.I really enjoy playing this game and it's great to see the devs so invested in it and actively participating in the forums as well as quickly fixing bugs and developing updates.I can't wait to see how the game grows and what other neat features are added in the future.If you're expecting the Zelda x Pokemon x Stardew Valley that some reviewers have hyped the game as you'll be disappointed. It has aspects of each but not enough for a direct comparison and on top of that there is no combat so if that's a priority in a game for you then this probably isn't for you.My only issues so far are:NPCs are very bland and you don't remember their names or get to know them because they only ever talk about trade. It would be great to see some personalities.The trade system is a bit useless. Everything has a price but you can't actually sell anything you must trade. The traders are also not picky at all. They don't care if you try and sell them 200 stone for something.You can't explore houses or live in your own farms. Will be great when this is expanded on.My understanding is all of these are being addressed and should be better in future updates.
,Not Recommended,580200,33662633,Posted: 19 July,all,Khaos (S'A),"I can't suggest it. I know I've only played an hour, so discount this if you want. But I don't really see the point. I LOVE Stardew Valley, and I went into this expecting that, but open world. The basics are there, but all in all it's not worth it in my oppinion.The NPCs have no life, no personality. For all they do, you could replace them with sign posts.Animals have no life to them, you just walk up and stuff an item in their face then slowly walk them home while they do some stupid diagonal trot. They don't even keep up with you while you do this. Then they go in a pen, nameless, and sit there dropping items into a chest. No need to do anything with them.Planting cropsis...eh?Chop tree, cycle to seed, plant, forget until grown. And if that's your jam, go for it!Crafting is painfully slow. Watch items drop in, slowly rub a rock, and then you get it. It's only a few seconds, but when I want to craft a lot it adds up. Also, crafting becomes worthless fast. I could go to the lumber mill and craft ten logs into one plank! Or...just sell a log for $2 and buy a plank for $2 right next to the crafting station. So what's the point?This game has a ton of potential, but to me, it FEELS like a grind. After an hour I just felt the grind set in, worse than any MMO.It's a pretty game, and I'm sure there is a ton to love. Just not from me."
76561198053573310,Recommended,580200,35189543,Posted: 24 September,all,julia_maluca,"(I know Steam says I have played this game only for a few minutes. There has been a synchronization bug and Steam didn't realize I had been playing for several hours so far. I'm currently at 40% according to the savefiles).This game is immensely cute. That's the first thing everyone notices, I guess. Especially in the beginning there are a lot of awwww moments. The music is amazing, even though it gets repetitive after a while. The colours are bright, the areas are gorgeous, the sun's shining, it's a real mood-lifter.Since there are already a lot of positive reviews, I'd like to talk about the few negative points of the game: the NPC voices and ""language"" is ridiculous, it would have been better to not give them a voice at all. Moaning and groaning doesn't do anything to immerse me in the game. And, and this is the biggest negative, the grind is real. The storyline is mere background, the most important thing seems to be to build up your little farm and become master in various trades. Which will see you run all over the map in order to gather fish or wood, stone and flowers. You will need a spreadsheet to remember which trader has what and where you might find the extremely valuable water or rare oil or eggs. Building a new shed for your pets takes a lot of steps and material!I still give this game a recommendation, because I enjoy it a lot. But I admit that I might power through to the end of the ""storyline"" and not touch Yonder again afterwards. I'm not sure I'd ever have the nerve for that eternal grind."
,Recommended,580200,33924059,Posted: 31 July,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,"so nice and beutiful, I chill with on couch in living room on tv with steam controller on this.only quirk is the map lacks information and hard to steer around . you cant put a pin on a location u wana go.  it makes it frustrating to open the map every 2 seconds to make sure ur going the right way"
76561198060709654,Not Recommended,580200,33658637,Posted: 19 July,all,Raffa,"Nothing like Stardew Valley, nothing like Zelda, don't believe those lies.  After several hours of play I realized that there's no depth, no rewards, and no synergy between any of the crafting and quests/storyline.It's like they put in all these separate distinct systems with very vestigial features and then didn't link any of them together. None of the puzzles are challenging, none of the crafting actually does anything (you can't even eat the food you make), and nothing seems to matter. Most of the quests involve trading with a person standing several feet next to the person who asked for an item, or they're completed before you even get the quest because every item in the world is so abundant. There's items just falling into your lap. Lack of scarcity means that everything is so common it's boring and you just end up with TONS of items. I have yet to see anyone on a stream unable to trade for or craft something almost instantly to complete a quest. Since there's zero challenge at all, not even an incentive to adventure to solve problems, there's not much going on.I loved Stardew and I feel like it did a fantastic job of linking the goals and the story progression and the ""end-game"" of having a super efficient farm/animal farm/artisan factory/whatever you wanted. This game feels VERY disjointed with the systems and they all feel like they're boring after 5-10 minutes because they don't LEAD anywhere. They don't progress you down a path to make bigger and better things, or to produce more crops to make more money to buy a better house so you can feel some sense of accomplishment.For some people maybe just walking around and being handed more and more spirits to finish the story in 7-8 hours is fulfilling, but I'm looking for much more depth to enjoy a game.This is the peak of ""participation trophy"" gaming."
76561198045266538,Not Recommended,580200,33721414,Posted: 22 July,all,Losee1,"The game honestly feels like it's in early access. The content is there (in some useable degree), but the balance and effort in regards to crafting or pritty much every activity in this game is near non-existant. At this present time, it feels more like a walking sim combined with a very asthetic atmosphere. I don't mind that the game has no combat but it seriously needs some kind of challange wether that be puzzles or production lines."
,Recommended,580200,33631051,Posted: 18 July,all,DibJib,"TL/DR - 9/10 -- If you enjoy exploration and games sort of like Harvest Moon or Stardew Valley, you ""might"" enjoy this. As someone who very much enjoys games like Harvest Moon and especially Stardew Valley; from what I've played, I can kinda recommend this game. Jump to the bottom for THE BAD stuff.Disclaimer - This is from what I've played after 2.3 hours; with a controller----------------------------------------------------------From the TL/DR, I say ""might"" because there are a few things that are different from other ""farming sim"" games. Not that this game totes it's self as a farming sim, it's slightly what I've compared it to, mainly due to the farming gameplay.EXPLORATION:Exploration is a huge part of the game. In YCCC The more sprites you collect, the more areas you unlock, the more loot you can bag. All of this is done by exploring and or questing.FARMS:Ranching seems to be a more key part of the farming, I've not yet encountered a way to plant anything on the farm even after some pretty hefty exploration. There ARE small spots on the ground where you can plant seeds you find, but from what I've played, the first farm I have is home to a Groffle and Fox and nothing else.VISUALS:Beautiful. I'm not sure I've ever heard of Prideful Sloth, but man did they do a great job making everything look amazing. Take a walk outside the first village at night and look back. From far away you can see small balls of light back in the village. The game is very colorful. Animations are smooth. Brilliant.Playing on High causes no frame drops. Ultra does but I have a 7 year old GPU. Game still looks gorgeous.GAMEPLAY:As someone who loves survival games, I'd love to have more of a challenge. Hunger, thirst, rent, something to give the game a bit more consequence. As it stands, the game is very relaxing. Exploration is enjoyable. A bit lacking in the feeling of success.CATS:Cats. Cats. Cats. Cats. Cats. Cats. There's a cat. Here's a cat. There's another cat. This one is green. That one is purple. Love em. Love am all. Cats. Don't know what they do. Don't care. Cats.-----------------------------------------------------------THE BAD:As highly as I think of the game, there are a few things that stand out to me (as someone who loves survival games and likes work put into small details)- There is no way to make multiple of 1 crafted item. You make 1 crafted item per button press. That's it. I'd like a craft 5 or 10 option.- Upon coming to a small village, the town was pretty well inhabited, as much as it should have been. After coming across some of the more ""larger"" towns, they felt barren, with maybe 3 or 4 villagers roaming the streets. These were in villages that looked as if they could hold up to at least 10 to 25 villagers.- The camera tends to get quite ahead of the player at times, making the player completely unseen.- Open world means easily getting lost or side tracked. Went looking for flowers, ended up in a town far from home. No way to set my own waypoint.- I can't run around half naked. Is this an issue? Nope. I just realized I couldn't. Does it matter? Nope. Why is it here then? Because sometimes I like to run around half naked in games. Why? Good question."
76561198023761032,Not Recommended,580200,33675861,Posted: 20 July,all,Carlqua,"This game seems promising but within 2 hours of play I have found a game with (atleast in my opinion) the aesthetic appeal and gameplay of The Legend of Zelda: Windwaker and Stardew Valley but ultimatly fails to be gripping, exciting or clever.I just can't bring myself to carry on playing beyond the refundable two hours due to the game having a lack of direction, nor does it give me any tools to set a direction for myself.The game introduces you to a farm but does not give you any in depth way to manage it, and it just seems very basic and lacking in content.NPC's are cute looking but really without any meaningful dialog and most of them don't have any reason to exist; the other few NPC's give you tedious fetch quests for little reward or progression.The game does have a completionist vibe about it which I would like if the rest of the game had meaning, encouraging you to discover the various animals, plants and materials within the game as well as to collect a certain amount of hidden kittens scattered around each region of the map on top of the quest related collectible sprites, one of which you will meet early in the game.Mainly for these reasons I would not recommend the game but I would say to give it a go if you think the game is for you because it does look lovely and does have a certain appeal.I do think I have made the right choice in refunding this game as it failed to grip me wihtin the first two hours and would recommend to those with similar experiences and opinions to do the same as I can forsee the game becomming very stale and short lived."
,Not Recommended,580200,34092941,Posted: 7 August,all,gmakerc,"While they did a promising job making the game look very pretty, and the promotional video was well done, the actual game leaves a lot to be desired and felt incomplete overall. The animations and geometry can cause frustration at times and I never felt a sense of directive or motivation to continue to play. If it were steeply discounted, I would recommend it to perhaps a casual player, as there is almost no lose state. As I only played 4 hours, I can only say that I got a little into the farming section, which was lackluster at best. I wouldn't recommend it if you are expecting something more action based or even story based, as the one in this game is barely cohesive, when actually present."
,Recommended,580200,33713830,Posted: 21 July,all,Rushork,"this is not dark souls.It will not challenge you with it's immense combat system and carefully planned out bosses (because there is none).The game at it's simplest form is a retrieval and reward game combined with wacky characters; a rather large open world; puzzles and even a bit of farming.Quests are numerous but short (which is good?). Having finished the main story, which is merely a group of side quests that give you a backstory of the game, I still have alot to do. I find it fun going around the towns, helping citizens and trading with people.That brings me onto my next point, the trading. Trading is actually quite different in this game. Instead of ""coins"" like in other games you actually have to trade your OWN items for other items making hoarding worthwile. There are also coins in the game but they are only used for certain stores, not alot of those stores anyway. If you pay attention to what the NPC's say they actually tell you if something is in demand, for example ""No point in going to blah-de-blah town for lumber, they are in surplus!"". Some say they hate it but I think it is quite usefull to get suplies and other resources. As soon as you accept one of the ""guild"" side quests you can easily go to one of the traders, buy everything you need, and return the quest back in. This gives it sort of an MMORPG vibe which I enjoy.Another point I would like to push forwards is the season system. It's basic but makes a huge difference in your gameplay. I have had many times where I couldn't do a certain quest for example the fish I needed was under an iced off lake and I would have to wait until summer for it to freeze. The weather makes a nice change to your gameplay, instead of being sunny skys all day long.There are so many features I would love to talk about but it would surely get boring fast so i'm just going to do a quick overview of things I like. Farming; you can build your own farm with placeable objects to adopt many different animals of the island. Regions; there are a couple of regions ranging from sandy deserts to icy glaciers all with varying sound effects, music and animals. Exploration; there is so much to explore on Gemea and even after end-game I still have found places I have never been yet. Crafting; a plentiful crafting system with guilds that unlock new recipes. Customization; you can easily customize your character with backpacks, clothes, hairstyles and hats that make your character look how you want it to be (my favourite item is the Groffle Backpack).Anyway I guess this is where I give ratings.FocusRatingAudio9/10Story6/10Replay Value10/10"
,Not Recommended,580200,34278363,Posted: 16 August,all,Tribal.Reaper,"Charming graphics, but clunky controls.Ammusing banter and bad jokes from NPCs, but nothing to do.The game sounds good on paper but, there isn't much going on. Quests don't involve much. Crafting system is flat. Story is mildly intriguing but you get through a lot of it quick. I was hopeful for farming but its just a small plot(s) that you place a few buildings on that grow you crops or generate animal resources. Taming is also, at best, boring. Find an animal, feed it, lead it home with you.Currently, can't say I would recommend the game."
76561198083510586,Not Recommended,580200,33680925,Posted: 20 July,all,enricofairme,"Having dumped about 10 hours into Yondere here are my thoughts.> Game is like an MMO without combat. You run to a location, talk to an NPC, do quest and then rinse and repeat.> Many of the Systems in the game are incrediblly shallow and unfullfilling.> The Trade system is 90% pointless.What I liked:+ Game looks nice and has a nice asthetic+ The first few hours are fun+ Customization seems pretty good in terms of character outfits+ Exploration element works okayWhat I didn't like:- Game randomly crashes, especially on quit out- The world itself is pretty bland. I never stumbled on to anything and was amazed by what I discovered (like the moments you get in Witcher or TES)- NPCs are pretty lifeless which makes the world seem lifeless- Most of the systems (farming, mining, etc.) are avoidable as they offer little of interest or depth.- The story is pretty shallow.Conclusion:Having stumbled on Yonder and wondering how they would hook players into a game without combat, I took the plunge with a buy. For the most part, the game feels like nothing more then a tech demo or 'level run through'. Once you realize that most of what you will be doing is a copy paste for the next few hours, the experience definitely losses steam. If you are thinking about picking this up, I would strongly recommend waiting on a sale. The price is steep and there are so many better experiences out there."
,Recommended,580200,34238832,Posted: 14 August,all,GlimmerGrey,"If you're looking for a pleasant, unthreatening wander and explore, this is fantastic. I bought it so I could hide away from the madness in the real world, and it has successfully kept me occupied.Great things:  Lovely and atmospheric, light touches of comedy, and collecting items for crafting isn't really grinding. Beautiful night sky, especially if you get the constellations. There are hired hands for the farm, and instead of direct money transactions to get them, you have to bribe them with food. Lots of food. Wow, there are some hungry people out there.Okay things: Fishing is neither the best nor worst I've seen in a game. The seasons are meh.  It's easy to drown in a thimble of water, but at least you don't lose your items and you find yourself back on the nearest dry land. I wish there was more depth to the customisation for your character's face, but I do like that you can craft additional features and hair colours as you find the right guild.Not okay things: Took me ages to figure out what the system considered 'dusk' for the Yip fish. Also, time moves too quickly in the game, IMHO. A game's week for a season?But mostly, I like the game. Soothing and undemanding, and if you ignore the mainline quest and just run around, it's great fun."
,Recommended,580200,33981596,Posted: 2 August,all,RGNinja [GWJ],"Finished the game after 8.4 hours. Here are my thoughts:* I recommend this game, if what you see on the store page is appealing.* The full price feels a bit too high.* Had some initial bugs that were patched day 2 and subsequently had a flawless running playthrough.* There's no tension here, and little actual challenge. It's all about exploring and collecting. But for me that was a lovely change of pace. A sort of pallette cleanser.* Beautiful, though a bit hollow (can't enter houses, can't swim, can't chop/smash/collect things it feels you should/different trees are all the same generic wood)* The story is light, but not bad. Dialogue is enjoyable, and sometimes funny."
76561198076563374,Not Recommended,580200,33729954,Posted: 22 July,all,Rasava,"Within the first hour, you'll realize how bare bones this game will become. You are going to be doing the same things over and over again. Walking back and forth from town to town, doing short quests that quickly become tedious. There are several aspects of this game that I enjoyed, such as exploring, the cute graphics, and how relaxing it can be, but they didn't help the fact that you can't do much else except a bit of crafting and the boring quests. I got $5 off this game, and it still isn't worth that."
,Recommended,580200,33908521,Posted: 30 July,all,OMGdoughnut,"I've seen a lot of reviews regarding the lack of content. Well at time of review I'm 6 hours in and only 50% completion, that should be an indicator. This is one of those games that the amount of time to complete is dependant on how you play the game. Yonder gives you the freedom to go do your own thing, whether it be building farms and adopting animals, or finding secrets.The graphics are great, it gives the whole cutesy feel to the game. The map is kinda small, so travelling isn't really a pain. Soundtrack is amazing.Another thing is the devs are really engaging with the community to find out what should be fixed and/or added to the game. This isn't something you get with a lot of other devs, giving you the confortin opinion that they want you to enjoy their game to the fullest.May be a bit pricey, but for those who just want a game they can relax to. Maybe waste a couple hours away fishing, than this is pretty much for you.I'm looking forward to what the future brings for Yonder. Thank you devs!!"
76561198199210853,Recommended,580200,33752913,Posted: 23 July,all,critterannie,"Overall a great game.  I've seen some complaints, but none that I truly agree with after completing the main storyline.  There is a LOT of walking.  But the world is beautiful and dynamic and I enjoyed the exploration aspects of it.  There is a barter system that gives you some options, you can craft needed items yourself or trade for them.  You might find yourself waiting for shops to restock - there seems to be a bit of a balance issue between shops stocking tons of things you can find/farm out in the world and only a few of the things that you cannot find or produce yourself.  (Hopefully this gets balanced better in a future update.)  The quests will keep you going and the lovely views will keep you happy while you're running back across the world waiting for mortar. :)This game gets compared to other games a lot, and people always get crusty when it's not exactly the same as whatever game it's compared to.  Yonder is like other games you've played, in that it has a questline, some humor, a nod at farming and crafting, and tons of exploration.  Yonder is NOT like other games you've played, too.  (And that's ok, because if you really are looking for a game exactly like THAT game, just go play THAT game!)"
76561198135350283,Recommended,580200,33632395,Posted: 18 July,all,Lynna,"Its just too good for words, really.FINALLY a different game than yet another boring copy of all we've long seen already. The useless ""hit things over and over and...over again"" gets replaced by an amazing and intruiging adventure filled with literally *everything* else! There's riddles, quests, puzzles, stories to be discovered. There are crafts to be mastered, many of them, from carpenter to even brewing! This game is not only relaxing, there are new things to find around every corner!They say ""curiosity killed the cat"", yet not in this game! Here you indulge fully in your curiosity, get delighted, and rescue all of the cats! :DIf you want combat, please refer to the millions of other games outthere. This one is preciously different!RECOMMENDED HIGHLY also for those with PTSD, Generalized Anxiety, and basically everyone who wants to relax and not feel threatened for a while :) You'll discover a wonderous world full of adorable, cute, shiny and sparkly stuff!"
76561198062954153,Not Recommended,580200,33689535,Posted: 20 July,all,Num94932bers,"Just to get things clear.  I did not jump into this game thinking it would be like Stardew Valley or Harvest Moon whatsoever.  I watched 10 seconds of a YouTube video and was just very impressed and fell in love with the beauty of the game!  So to get that out of the way, here is my review.I'd like to first mention my progress in the game so far.  I'm at 6.6 hours and I have completed 50% of the quests and have finished the main storyline quest.  I'm aware that there is still another 50% to be completed so I do have my work cut out for me.  But as some post have already mentioned, many of the quests are ""fairly"" easy.  So I don't know how much longer I will be able to play until I run out of things to do quest wise.  I think that is my main focus when playing this game.  I don't quite understand the farming aspect and the need or really ""want"" in having a farm with animals and what not.  But I think this is due to my play style mostly, but maybe if there was more of a reason ot have your farm or be bound to it, then yes I would see the actual use in it.I've seen reviews about people wanting a ""Soul"" in the villagers or townsfolk to make them more lively, but I don't particularly mind because I don't feel  that they are the main focus in this game as a whole.  It's an Adventure Game.  Not talk to people for hours and have a sense that the video game characters have a deep freindship with you.  Just not a realistic expectation lol.What makes this game worth it for me to play is just the amazing quality in how the game looks and feels.  The colors are excellent and the shading is absolutely marvelous.  Theres many great looking games coming out and I do feel this one is one of the best that I have played personally.  So that is really the only factor that makes me feel like I should recommend this game to someone.  Besides that I just don't feel that it offers what I think it could bring to the table.  So I'd enjoy seeing where the game goes if they decide to make more content updates.  But I have enjoyed the game and I will continue to do so until the lack of content catches up to me."
,Not Recommended,580200,33634098,Posted: 18 July,all,'norabseven,"EDIT: My experience so far is that I thought the game was and Early Access game, there are countless improvements that could be made still, has this even been play tested?The game so far is confusing and a little vauge so i can't really fault the story/gameplay at the moment but i would not recommend this game purely for the controls1. The camera rotation not being centred on the player character and instead just in front of it. So turning left off-sets the character from the centre of the screen. Not a big problem but highly annoying when exploring and your character is constantly offset. Making the camera rotation axis fixed to the player character would make this feel so much better because right now it just feels wrong.2. Keyboard and mouse player action direction being from the player direction and not the camera direction. If i'm trying to collect materials or smash a box i need to move the character to face towards the object which involves either trying to do fine movements with the keyboard or running completely away from the object and running straight back to it, instead of just turning the camera with the mouse and clicking. If the player actions were instead connected to the mouse direction instead of the player direction this again would make it feel so much better.3. Changing tools to use an object feels pointless, If i want to smash a stone i need to change to the hammer, then if i want to mine i need to change to the pickaxe even though i am carrying every single tool on my person. Adding in a 'Master Action' button that just auto-uses the correct tool for the object you are looking at would make this so much better, also, making the change tool menu in the top left actually move in the direction you move the mouse wheel instead of just insta changing the selected tool, I'm constantly changing tools in the opposite direction to what i way because I don't know which way my tool selection wheel is going.4. Picking up objects gives you no indication of what object you have picked up. I could run through a field and pick up every object in sight and unless it's a new object i've not picked up before, i'm given no indication of what the object was or home many i've currently got in inventory (unless i stand still for a moment to stare at the object ofc, but everyone will just run over them and spam collect).This leaves you unsure what how much of a certain item you have collected, so if you have a sub-quest you need 8 flowers for or a crafting recipe, you either need to constantly check you inventory or open your compass. Having a small notification pop up when you collect items showing both what you've collected and how many you have in inventory would help so so so much, especially i imagine later on in game when crafting becomes much more complicated.5. The inventory screens. I mean come-on who in their right mind has both a full screen inventory screen and zero 'on-hover' information panels for an inventory screen?. I want to be able to hover over an item in my inventory and see what it is and not have to click every item, which picks it up so i need to put it back down, and i want to be able to see my surroundings while i'm in the  inventory, it's a nice looking world i want to see it while i do things.I could also mention there being no filters / searching / organising or anything either but i can live without them as there currently doesn't seem to be an inventory size cap so you can just hold everything i think.6. Opening a menu with a button should close the menu. When i press 'TAB' to open the inventory why can i not press 'TAB' again to close it ?.. Same with the maps and pressing 'M', it should both open and close the screen.There are a bunch of other reasons why I would not recommend the game. But these are the most direct influences to my experience of the game so far. I will of course change and update this as time goes on if i can get used to how it is currently or not, but i think makeing or adding in additional options to suit the above would help the game be more suitable to more people.20170718"
,Recommended,580200,33897020,Posted: 29 July,all,DuckPotato,"Definitely not for everyone and most likely geared toward youngsters.  As many many others have said, this is a relaxing non-combat game. There's plenty to do and to collect but tasks get repetitive.  The fast travel system isn't that helpful with the Stones requiring you to go out of your way to get to them.It's Stardew Valley Lite and faint tones of Breath of the Wild but it is not either game.  It's its own game with its own charm.  I personally really enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,580200,33686866,Posted: 20 July,all,Isn't,"I wish there was an ""It's alright!"" option for these reviews.But there isn't, so as it stands I would not recommend this game unless you absolutely know what you're getting when you purchase it.I couldnt shake the feeling that I was playing an unfinished game about 2 hours in. (For reasons better stated in the other big reviews) But that's not to say I didnt enjoy the aspects that ARE in the game. I just feel there could be so much more polish on pretty much every aspect...But hey, the game is absolutely freaking GORGEOUS.(I will keep my eye on this title in the future though~ I think the team behind Yonder really love their creation. I feel it has a lot of potential.)"
76561198273904326,Recommended,580200,34469331,Posted: 24 August,all,Cosima,"A very sweet game without any leveling or combat, but a lot of exploring and questing. There is no real need to persue any quest, even the main quests can just be ignored for a while. I finished the main story line in 17 hours, but I took my time and completed 95% of the game in that time as well.There is no combat, no action and only the slightest bit of platforming (if you can call it that). Even the farming is minimal - exploring is the main point of the game.I would recommend this game to anyone searching for a relaxing and overall cute game with no big adventure, but a world to explore, people to meet and animals to pet.Pros:- Lots of opportunities to explore, forage, craft and quest- a beautiful landscape and a sweet artstyle (the first time really seeing the land was breathtaking)- quests can be completed in any order taking any amount of time - nothing gets blocked off- cute animals to gather and care for- no responsibility - you can leave your animals and crops in the care of a farm hand and not worry about the farm ever again (though you don't really have to do much in the first place)- cute cats- A month later there are still Updates and fixes, the developers obviously care about this game- A nice assortment of quests- I never felt frustrated (though that might change when trying to complete 100%)- The music was minimal, but well placed- A sweet, if short, conclusion that keeps letting you explore the world afterwardsNeutrals:- A trading system instead of currency. Sometimes fun, sometimes annoying, but after a while of playing, you'll have no problem buying anything anyway- Some things can't be crafted or found and have to be bought- You can't look up. It's not really a big deal, but I would have loved to see more of the skyCons:- The movement controls felt really clunky in the beginning - I got the hang of it in a short time, but it was a confusing first impression- Every menu has to be closed with the escape-key, not the key you open it with. Maybe it's just me, but that didn't come naturally to me- The bagpack was a few issues - when it was full, I couldn't use up some shampoo to make some space - appearently you need a free spot for that. I also had to do some trades all over again because I wasn't able to fit all the purchased items into my bagpack - even though I would have traded enough items out of my bagpack to have said space- The notebook, while interesting, didn't really give any useful information - for example no pictures to the animals and only minimal information."
,Recommended,580200,33650469,Posted: 19 July,all,Ðucky,"Steam needs to add a Sideways thumb for cases like this. While I love this game for what it is, i feel the flaws of it overweigh the PROS. and i'll get to that.The PROS- The Graphics in this game are just pure Eye-Candy, if you're into the Wind Waker style anyway- The game is fun to explore, but for the first time only.- The game is relaxing, there are no threats to you, besides water, making it an easy going game with no real punishments.- The crafting classes, a cool idea that gives a bit of flare to it.- Groffles... Need I say more?The PROS or CONS (Depending)- There is no combat... At all. This can be good if you want a relaxing game, but bad if you like combat. (DUH)- The bartering/Trading system. As someone who likes hoarding money till its usless this isnt a very fun system, since there is no in-game currency to allow that. However the idea is diffrent, places have certain prices on items so going one place and buying you can sell that same item somewhere else for loads of other items. So it's pretty easy to grasp and even easier to get things.The CONS- This game suffers from severe lack of content, with only around 15ish (depends on how fast you find things) hours of gameplay. 11 hours in and i have a 95% completion of the game- Due to its base gameplay there is no longevity to this game, Explore and find collectables. So replaying the game seems to be a rather waste of time, since you'd know where everything is and have seen it all.- Farming. I knew it wasent going to be a Stardew Valley level of it, but i didnt expect it to feel so usless. It's automatic, once you plant something or get a Groffle it gives the items to you for no work at all. So it feels like a wasted mechanic.- The world is only fun to explore once. After that, going to the areas is just if you want a 100% of the game.- This game is beyond short, with 11 hours (12 but reducing for afk time) i have a 95% completion on a game thats based around collecting things. My general rule of thumb is to get at least 2 hours for every $1. And i've got no where near close to that with only 11 hours.- The story took about an hour or so to do. And was kinda predicable if you cleared the 'Murk' around the abandoned houses.PERSONAL GRIPES-The 'Murk' is a barrier in the game that blocks you from getting items and a small amount of lore. And to clear them you need Sprites, there are 26 (?) of these in the game. However, you only need 16 (if i remember correctly) to get all the 'Murk' cleared so the other 10, you didnt get, feel rather pointless to get, unless, you are trying to 100% the game.- There are a handful of items in the game you can't craft, and the only way to obtain them is though the merchants, this wouldnt be so bad if those items weren't used in almost every crafting recipe. So having to run from trader to trader to get a very limited amount of these items then wait for reset, is rather frustrating.- The last area ruined the immersion thanks to clipping in the ground rather frequently.FINAL REVIEWYonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles is a really fun game for the first 10 hours or so, after that it begins to feel bland due to having no real End-game content asides from collection things and getting that juicy 100%. And thus a rather forgetable game with Eye-candy graphics. Even though the review seems mostly bad, there is a bright side, and that is Yonder's development team. They seemed to put a lot of love into this game and will probably contuine to do so. And honestly, thats really good to see for once, since MOST Indie developers are either meh or just plain bad. So hopefully they can get content out there so the game and it's community don't die."
76561198030235524,Not Recommended,580200,33696020,Posted: 21 July,all,MingtheMerciless,"I really wanted to love this game, but I did not. Maybe a year from now that will change."
,Not Recommended,580200,33753706,Posted: 23 July,all,xerxys,"You must know the basics of the game by now: relaxing, set-your-own pace as you explore the land, unravel the story and build your farm. But, although the game has a lot more polish than other games supposedly much further along, I feel that there is much the developers need to do to bring this into a cohesive whole.Firstly, the game mechanics and controls need a serious retuning. A big annoyance straight off is how a new quest automatically gets put as the priority. Either add it to the pile and let me decide to pin it, or ask. Trading for everything feels clunky and I'd love to see the currency actually implemented, rather than having to trade bit by bit for what you need as and when, whilst the pricing system undermines much of the drive to craft and trade, when many easily-acquired items and materials can provide you with an easy source of income. Then, crafting itself is either easy as hell or you require multiple ingredients that are sourced from recipes you have no indication of how to get. Oh, and please, developers, stop making us have to manually switch from one tool to another. The amount of resources we come across is vast, requiring many different tools, so can we just mine, chop, hammer and fish without scrolling through a list that isn't even just filled with those tools? Make them defaults and then seeds etc can be manually selected when appropriate.So, to the game world. A better system of mapping would be good, with the ability to add waypoints and notes and better tooltips, as you end up running around with no real idea what you are doing for the most part, or with more detailed questlines that encourage you to seek out the guilds from the beginning. There is no help in how to acquire certain recipes which are essential for progressing and the game feels far too loose and unfocused because of this. Seven hours in and I have built two entirely new farms, yet still only have the two wooden creature pens from the initial farm, as I have only just found the carpenters guild and I have no idea how to gain the mortar recipe to complete sturdy pens.And another really random gripe I have: for the love of Gabe, let me click and hold to chop and mine and hammer, or sort out the hideous pause on the third 'swing.' I don't know why the rhythm for this mechanic is so distorted, but it bugs me no end.Okay, that being said, I'm sticking with the game because it has real potential and is still enjoyable despite all of the above. It could be so much better and some work to improve it could get those ratings up over 90%. The graphics are great, the humour is subtle but spot on (Benedict Plantatrap, anyone?) and I have a feeling that the developers want to make this game better. There is so much potential, and I can't help thinking of the game Dark Chronicle that I really loved over a decade ago. Come on, devs, I so want to change this to a positive review!"
,Recommended,580200,33631217,Posted: 18 July,all,Gappagurumi,"I've played almost all day now since release and I must say apart from a single bug, I had absolutely no problems.The graphics are beautiful, the animals are cute and it's fun to play!The only things I disliked a little was that the daytime is quite short."
76561198047069523,Not Recommended,580200,33731681,Posted: 22 July,all,[NG]Reckless,an interesting game for an Hour... after that the game feels empty and it have no challenge at all no penalty no combat. the only enemy is the water for some reason you cant swim.- The story is short .- The economy on the game is just running from point A to get item and trade it on Point B. and then you craft .- The animals you get to take care are nice and unique and they provide you with free trade items. it will take you longer time to become master on tailoring tingering etc Guild. (runing and trading mats and crafting the doll 1k value ?!) . like i was saying it will take longer than the main story.dont get me wrong i wanted to like the game i realy did but i just cant play it any longer after 2 hours i was bored to death it was feeling very empty . at this state of the game if they dont fix alot of things and work on the economy of the game a litle i dont recomend the game for it price tag.
,Not Recommended,580200,33674824,Posted: 20 July,all,Stretford,"This game looks good, has excellent performance and is enjoyable to a point, I did a mission that which revealed a key story point to which my reaction was ok this is interesting, then the game credits rolled ...Oh. I achieved this with only using 1 of my 7 farms and only 1 animal in that farm. I had only got one of my crafting skills leveled up and that was because I thought i would need it in the future and my plan was to start upgrading the others after what surpised me to be the final mission. This was at 13.5 hrs of which probably 10 was actually playing the game.This game may suit a young gamer with its style and maybe the short gameplay would be ok for them."
,Recommended,580200,33756194,Posted: 23 July,all,Trajan_Beast,Im editting my review because the last one i did was 2 hours into the game and liked it and i just beat the main story and I need to make something clear. I LOVE THIS GAME!~This. Game. Is. Worth. Every. Penny.   It's been a long time since I've played a open world game that didn't make me feel pressed or stressed for time and mission completions.  But in Yonder you are encouraged  to take the whole game at your own pace.This is a lovely charming and fantastic game and I recommend anyone to buy it if you like cute little adventures with freedom to customize things as you please. I was worried once I completed the game I wouldn't have anything left to do and wouldn't want to play.  That isn't the case here then game askes more of you.Definitly a must play and a wonderful game made with love and care!
76561198082016172,Recommended,580200,33626815,Posted: 18 July,all,Empryzz,"Yonder is a very relaxing game. If you enjoy the feeling of exploring new landscapes, interacting with (and restoring) the environment as well as managing farms with the cutest animals you have ever seen--then this is a game you definitely should check out.STORY:The game starts off with a young protagonist who is shipwrecked on the shore of an unknown land. A ethereal being tells you that her people--the sprites--are scattered all around the world and discovering them is the key to unlocking your destiny. I'll be honest here--the story is not very deep. At first I was a bit disappointed, feeling like I wouldn't be motivated to explore without more involved storytelling, however it soon became apparent that the loose quest structure fits the style of gameplay perfectly. Your character is a wanderer, nameless and without any real characteristics in the way remnicient of Link from my childhood playing Ocarina of Time. If what you desire in a game is a truly gripping storyline with deep dialogue, you may find Yonder lacking.GAMEPLAY:Yonder is a unique blend of three different gaming genres. First and foremost people have been comparing it to farming sims in the vein of Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley. There are definite aspects of that here. As you explore different areas in the world you unlock different farms that you can customize with barns for your animals and eventually use to harvest crops from seeds you find in the world. There is no money in Yonder, so the goods you earn from working on your farm will help you barter with the locals to get items you otherwise might not be able to get. You can even hire farmhands to work your farm when you arent there--making sure it's clean and the animals are fed. However, unlike Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley, Yonder does not focus on one singular farm, but rather many different ones encompassed in the many ""zones"" of the overworld. In this way the game plays out almost like a management game, where the player is able to micromanage as much as they would like without it being completely necessary.Farming is not all the game has to offer, however. Exploration  and questing is arguably the most important aspect of Yonder. As you explore the various styles of terrain, harvesting resources with your various tools, you will come across points of interest on the map that will allow the player to interact with the environment. Sometimes it's building a bridge, or repairing a dock, and other times it's driving away the murk that has invested the land, only to be rewarded with treasure or a new sprite friend. These points of interest appear on the map as question marks (and I joked to myself that this game is like a cheerful version of The Witcher: 3, except without the horrifying monsters, creepy atmosphere and gore). Some of these interactions require you to have unlocked a certain number of sprites--the ones mentioned in the begining of the game. The idea is that these sprites lend you their spiritual energy to help you cleanse the land of murk--which often leads to new areas to explore and new quests to accomplish.Which leads into the final major aspect of the game--collecting. There are a lot of collection quests in Yonder. This may seem like a drawback, but I found that if you pick them up as you go and then explore to your hearts content, you will find that the quests will accomplish themselves over time. Some of the quests involve small puzzles and reward you with hats or cosmetic clothing items that help customize your character (as the character creator is abysmally simple). Collecting is not an uncommon part of farming sims--we all remember collecting all the Artifacts in Stardew Valley, or cooking all the recipes in Harvest Moon. In Yonder, the player can slowly fill out their logbook by catching fish in a very fun and fluid minigame, unlocking all the areas, and most importantly--collecting all the spirtes. Since there isn't a particular order you will get anything there is a true sense of accomplishment while discovering new things in an area.There is NO combat in this game. If you had hopes for something with exploration combat akin to Rune Factory, or Breath of the Wild, this is not the game for you. Rather than defeating enemies to get materials, the player gathers them from the world around--as well as cultivates them in their farms. It all adds up to a relaxing experience that makes for low-tension gameplay. There are no timers and there's no rush. The world is your oyster--explore!STYLE:Stylistically, Yonder is as it appears--and more. The world is very charming, with vibrant skyboxes, beautiful lighting effects and colorful foliage--all cell-shaded in the way of Windwaker. The creatures you can tame (and take on adventures with you!) are amazingly adorable and fit in with the environment well. The water effects are nice, and although you cannot swim in this game there are waterfalls and small rivers you can wade through for the very nice aesthetic. It feels as if you truly are a wandering soul--out to experience the landscape. Art pour l'art.I would advise jumping from the highest cliffpoint you can find as soon as you can in game--it's an experience.FLAWS:No game is perfect. There are definitely aspects of Yonder that could be improved upon. The character creation, for example, is woefully lacking. The male and female sprites look almost identical, and there is no choice of hairstyles or any way to alter face structures (although you can get different hairstyles as items in game later). In a world where the average gamer is more used to in-depth character creation this can feel limiting. This is especially true as I find the people in this game to be the least aesthetically pleasing out of everything. Everyone is potato-shaped and the proportions are odd. Much of this can be attested to the stylistic choices of the developer, however.It also should be noted that this game should be played with a controller. As an avid PC gamer I dislike using controllers on PC games as I feel it limits the fluidity of third-person screen movement, however Yonder was definitely designed with controller in mind, so be aware that if you don't have a USB controller you may have some trouble with awkward movement. If you do use a controller, I would advise maxing out the camera sensitivity to keep the camera from lagging behind.Again, there is no combat. This isn't a negative for everyone, but if you flind that other games without combat don't hold your interest for long you may want to pass this one up. The most nerve-wracking thing I encountered was a cave of spiderwebs. Alas, there were no spiders to contend with (and honestly even if there were they would probably be cute and fuzzy and tameable).CONCLUSION:All in all, Yonder is a great game to play when you are feeling adventurous. You'll be captivated, wanting to know what lies just beyond that hill, or in the next valley. It's an addicting explore/farm/collect game that I can see being a go-to for me when I have an hour or two to relax before bed. I fully anticipate that taking the time to 100% this game will be an engaging experience."
76561198006982984,Not Recommended,580200,33656208,Posted: 19 July,all,MechaNick,"I purchased this game on the ""3D Stardew Valley"" hype. Although I haven't spent much time with Yonder, I've learned pretty quickly that hype was a lie.Yonder is very casual, even compared to the relaxing pace of Stardew Valley. Explore the pretty scenery, collect a bunch of things to fill a checklist, bribe some fluffy animals to follow you home, and do some pointless crafting/bartering with NPCs. I was struggling to find a sense of accomplishment to anything I was doing.But perhaps that was just me being misled by the hype and assuming Yonder was going to be something its not. That said; I can't recommend the game to anyone, unless they're looking for a ""Farmville"" like experience."
,Not Recommended,580200,33657675,Posted: 19 July,all,bad1080,fetch quest the adventure...
76561197998645198,Recommended,580200,33658893,Posted: 19 July,all,cayreet,"Okay, I rarely post reviews on Steam, even though I recommend games I enjoy to my friends, of course. This time, however, after playing for more than 17 hours in two days (yes, I had that spare time), I want to give an impression and a review of sorts.TL;DR version:It might not be a good idea to compare the game too much to Stardew Valley or Harvest Moon, because both focus on farming and relationships and this one doesn't. But if you want a game to come back to just to enjoy the landscape and do some more stuff in, you will definitely get the price out of it in playing time.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------First of all, the bad.- Yes, the game can easily be completed (main and side quests) without having any animals around long-term. You can even let the gruffle you need to catch go again afterwards. You can just let your farms stay empty (all but two of them still are empty in my game ... but I'm working on it). Not much farming necessary, if you concentrate on crafting and trading to get what you need for your quests.- Yes, if you completely concentrate on the main quest, you can probably beat the game in a relatively short time. I spent the second half of my time in the game so far on side quests (mostly on the stone bridges).- I can't find the last sprite, no matter how often I run around the western side of the island, which is driving me nuts.Now, however, the good:+ The world is beautiful. Don't misunderstand me, I like games like Stardew Valley with its 16-bit charme. Hell, I grew up playing these games while they were the norm, because computers couldn't do better than that. But the first time I left the cave you start the game proper in, I was just floored by the beauty of the world. And you know what? 17 hours later, I still enjoy it immensely. This game is so beautiful I rarey feel like actually using the Sage Stone portals for quick travel.+ The game is extremely relaxing. There's no death, not through combat, not through accidents. You can't die from falling from great height, because you have an umbrella to save you. If you drown, you are placed back to the last safe area you were on. I like fighting in games, but having a game where I can just roam the landscape without worrying about monsters has its own appeal for me.+ There actually is a lot to do. Apart from the quests (and I'm pretty sure I will need weeks to finish that cat quest), you can also set your own goals. Like having at least one of every animal on your farms or having fully planted all trees or having found all sprites (last one, where are you?!).I think, however, that it is a little counter-productive to compare the game to Stardew Valley or Harvest Moon, since both centre a lot around farming and relationships and this game doesn't. You can hire farmhands and just drop in every now and then to actually fill up your backpack with the fruits of other people's labour. There's no real building of relationships, either. It's a game for exploration and to spend time in, because you enjoy walking around the island(s). If you just want to quickly finish the main quest, this is not a game for you, I'm afraid."
,Recommended,580200,33732432,Posted: 22 July,all,Aliocantinea,"Superfun, couldn't stop playing. Really peaceful and engaging for having no combat"
76561197979280683,Recommended,580200,33946572,Posted: 1 August,all,-=SlimeGel=-,"Buy this game, but buy it on sale; the $25 price tag is about double its value as of Update 2.  It is beautiful and nearly fully realized, surprisingly fun without combat, and good for your psyche."
76561198119639683,Recommended,580200,34322664,Posted: 18 August,all,Pieslayer,right now the game is good but it gets annoying fast with many things you can build taking ages to gather resources for but i like the direction the developers are going in with new updates and voting for new content overall its good for some but not for others but for me it was good :)
,Recommended,580200,33630882,Posted: 18 July,all,Wraithward,"It's a bit early for me to have an in-depth opinion, but here are my post-release impressions. This is one of those instances where I feel like Steam would benefit from a 'neutral' rating. Despite this being a positive review, a lot of what I have to say sounds negative. Other people have already covered what makes the title cute and charming, so I want to give a different insight. But I do *like* the game.Y:TCCC is a sweet, relaxing experience that certainly knows what it wants to be when it grows up. It also, initially, comes a little short of fulfilling those ambitions. Granted, I'm only up to the point of discovering the central MacGuffin of the story (repairing the Cloud Catcher tower), so this factor might drastically change as the player comes closer and closer to achieving the end goal.Early game, I can't help but notice how middle-of-the-road the game's focal points are. As an extension, this makes me feel like the pre-release comparisons this game has received are misleading. Not wholly wrong, but misleading nonetheless.It has a sense of farm-raising, but if you want a farming or community building game, Stardew Valley is better.If has a sense of exploration and treasure seeking, and certainly a graphical approach that reminds people of Breath of the Wild; but that title is certainly more focused on these aspects. That's almost entirely what a Zelda game is.If you want the interpersonal aspect of interacting with village NPCs, a title like Animal Crossing (or, again, Stardew Valley) is better. You can't even visit the inside of any buildings (yet?), so everyone loiters around outside at all hours of the day/night. I'm a little surprised how flat the NPCs are for a game that prides itself on being an engaging world one can return to reiteratively.I can certainly see how comparisons between all the above titles are drawn, but this game lies squarely in between all of them -- without a clear cut niche in which itself fills.The story in-so-far is simply about going around, doing odd jobs, and cleansing the land from a miasma of evil called ""Murk."" There isn't any real gravity to that objective, though. The game lacks combat (which is fine), but the Murk itself barely has any strong presence. One would think that it'd be more pervasive, similar to the Cursed Zones of Okami -- but what they really are is exploration gates to be slowly cleared by the player to open up more of the map. These ""locked doors"" of purple gas like to linger in all of the twists and turns of the landscape that one would be drawn to explore... but otherwise the world seems to be nearly idyllic in its mood and visuals. When the villagers complain about the Murk, I really can't fathom why. Most of them wouldn't have any business being around where the Murk hangs about, anyway.And as for gameplay, the quests and plot are delivered to you in an MMO-like busywork fashion. NPC waves you over, gives you a few lines of dialogue, then sends you off to collect # of X and # of Y and don't return until you have them or the crafted-equivalent of whatever the expected resource happens to be.Personally, I think everything I have covered is fineto an extent.I enjoy the game for what it is, yet want to stress to people that the comparisons this game gains from the other more widely-known titles are somewhat flimsy. I think it has a lot of potential. I just hope that people will lend the time and patience needed for the developers to sort through the various feedback and possibly put some of it into action. When you consider that an AAA title these days is $50-$60+, I don't feel like Y:CCC overcharges it's worth. Plus, it's a small team, so they're certainly worthy of respect for Y:CCC. I just don't feel like the game lends itself to more than an Early Access rating. Of course, this depends if acquiring renown for the same things that the other titles have are what Prideful Sloth is even aiming for. If they're trying to carve their own path in this myriad genre, I then find it even more imperative that they revisit what is supposed to make their title noteworthy compared to anything else.In the end, I keep bouncing between giving this release somewhere between a 6 or 7 out of 10. I do have high hopes for the game's future and do stress that it is a wonderful title to relax with or use to kill some time. I just look forward to it obtaining a more full and engaging experience in time to come."
,Recommended,580200,33630088,Posted: 18 July,all,[BoTM] Anorax,"A beautiful, relaxing, open world crafting, exploration, and trading game. The sound and graphics are superb. The graphic look at first glance is simple but when you delve deeper is very advanced with all the latest graphical effects utilised. The best way I can describe it is a cross between Zelda:BOTW and Stardew Valley. There is no combat in this game.You can tell a lot of love and care went into developing this game. Recommended!"
,Recommended,580200,33710359,Posted: 21 July,all,chenhuiwen86,"If I had to liken this game to something, it would be a cup of warm, soothing chamomile tea at the end of a stressful day.This game will appeal to some, and not to others. It is only very, very, VERY loosely goal-oriented; your Main Goal is to find ""sprites"" hidden throughout the world and use them to cleanse the land. It is not a farming game. There is no fighting. Even the wild animals aren't interested in taking a nibble out of you. You can't even drown or die from fall damage (if you venture into deep water, you get ported back to the nearby point on dry land / if you fall from high heights, you pull a Mary Poppin and float down with an umbrella).The NPCs do provide quests to nudge you along. But if you go into this game with the mindset of ""pick up quest, go from point A to point B and get it done as soon as possible"", you won't find it very fun. Instead, think of it as an exploration game.See a funny shaped rock over there? Hop on over, you just might find a stone statue nagging you about your choice in clothing. Look, the water seems kind of shallow over there, perhaps I can juuuust make it to the next island without ""drowning"". And where on earth is that cat that keeps mewling!?It's a... gentle game, in the sense that you are not pressured to do anything and there's no danger anywhere. There's no ""right"" or ""wrong"" way to play. Don't wanna farm? Don't. Don't wanna fish? Don't. Wanna complete everything in the pokedex? Go right on ahead.If your idea of a good time is to blank out for an hour or so and submerge yourself in the simple joy of finding a new surprise in the landscape, I would recommend this game.Criticisms that I do have.- The world feels quite static; the NPCs mill around not doing anything else, the animals are basically backdrops to the landscape. I would love to see more dynamic interactions from the NPCs and animals. Eg. foxes chasing critters, or playing with each other. Those cute looking deer with ferocious antlers headbutting each other to win over a doe's paw in marriage(?). NPCs talking with each other. Etc. etc. It would make the world more interesting.- There's not enough to explore and find, at this point in time. More Easter eggs please. There are some cute ideas out in the world, but they're not nearly enough.- A minor quibble, but please turn down the default camera sensitivity...- Yes I know the sprite in Zelda was annoying as heck, but since your sprite is there anyway, it'll be fun to have conversations with them. Or, they could have conversations with each other."
76561198122057671,Recommended,580200,33710961,Posted: 21 July,all,Kettie,"I hesitantly recommend this game.  If Steam had a Maybe button I'd use that instead.The main problem is that Yonder is not what a lot of review sites kept comparing it to.  It is not a 3D Stardew Valley with Zelda like graphics.  It's more like Proteus (search Steam) with more to do.Yonder does not want you to settle in, it wants you to keep moving, going yonder, always.  The place you are going is frequently a place you have already been.  You can build a farm, several actually, but aside from going there to hit up your inventory stash you won't be spending a lot of time at them.  You need to keep moving.Mostly you need to run around between the towns and your farm inventory to gather the crafting ingredients which are inconveniently difficult to acquire in bulk.  The rewards for crafting things are mostly uninspiring.  The rewards for pretty much any activity in this game usually fail to impress.So why do I still, hesitantly, recommend Yonder?  Because most of those complaints are about the game I thought it was, not the game it is.  This is a walking and exploring game.  It's a lovely island for you to run around on and pick up pebbles.  I honestly enjoyed the game more after I finished the main plot and was just wandering around crafting and gathering at my leisure.If you need a relaxing, low pressure game to deal with some anxiety and stress then this is a game I highly recommend.  If you are looking for Stardew Valley or Zelda then give this one a pass."
,Recommended,580200,33779761,Posted: 24 July,all,tavablake,"Aesthetic is adorable, music is calming, and the collectable cats purr when you find them. What's not to love?If you need to be challenged in order to have fun this is probably not the game for you. All it asks of you is to wander around, look for things, talk to NPCs, and have a nice time. The quests are quite simple and there seems to be no progression or levelling system. There's no health bar, no fall damage, no enemies.However there are NPCs to help, animals to befriend, places to explore and a whole bunch of hidden cats to find (among other things). If you like relaxing, chilled out gaming experiences where you can figure things out at your own pace, this is perfect. Personally I've been looking for a game like this for a looooong time, and expect to be playing this for a lot longer."
,Recommended,580200,33707573,Posted: 21 July,all,Dia,"I want to start off by saying that a lot of people are comparing this to the likes of Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley....I would like to respectfully disagree with them. Yonder is it's own game, and while there are farming aspects, it is not at the center of the game like SV and HM. I have more to say on that, below.Yonder is a beautiful exploration game. There is an interesting story with curious NPC's to meet, many items to craft, and land to discover. The game doesn't hand you all of your tools, character customization... ANYTHING at the beginning. You find all of this along the way. The in-game bartering system is something that I really enjoy, although I do find that I need more inventory space...! I don't have a fishing addiction, I swear. =^)As others are saying, this is a very relaxing game, there is no combat, no enemies at all, and I do enjoy that. I do feel a little limited in where I can go, if I land in deep water I'm respawned quickly (which is good!) and I can't climb up some places I feel like I should be able. Seasons pass really quickly... I notice them, I suppose, but boy they seem to pass in a snap. There doesn't seem to be any penalty for ""dying"" (like landing in deep water) or having a negative reaction to the weather -- my character was shivering in winter but no death or anything. Essentially you could really hand this game to a kid of any age and I doubt they'd run into any issue.While I did not want to spend a lot of time on what Yonder isn't, I think it is important to note, particularly for the people that are undecided on buying and are hoping for something similar to HM or SV: This is a relaxing game, but it is not a farming sim. Farming is basically optional, and you can absoulutely shovel that work load off on to a farm hand, which you will likely do in favor of exploring and crafting. There is no relationship/marriage system in this game. And I don't think that's a bad thing. This isn't a Harvest Moon title, this is something totally different. It's a lovely game, and truly an enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,580200,33640666,Posted: 18 July,all,Fancore,amazing game for your child.casual as hell with quite a nice atmosphere.personally i found the story lacking and quite short.but in overal i'd say the game is quite nice.obviously the game is less about the story and more about the exploration but i'd like it to have abit more than it currently has.maybe an actual farming system?i mean they got the tools for it.after about 7hours i finished story and a major part of the sidequests and exploration.personally i think this game is great for children and probably if you (like me) like casual games.it's worth getting.
,Recommended,580200,33712901,Posted: 21 July,all,Vermolli,"I think the game was good, but the story need something else, it's really short the story and doesn't have sense, but on other hand the game-play is so good, just need some fixe up, but anyway is really cool to play."
76561198054724471,Not Recommended,580200,33822330,Posted: 26 July,all,HooliganMcCoy,"It is a nice game to relax to but there really isnt a ""game"" its a series of fetch quests that are fun for a while but eventually have no real substance."
,Recommended,580200,33832736,Posted: 27 July,all,66.6%,Just like zelda but more cute staffs :D
,Not Recommended,580200,33663053,Posted: 19 July,all,The One True Morty,"UnfulfillingFor an adult.This game is Oblivion/Witcher3 but for toddlers. No combat. Crafting mechanic feels like its for children. There is nothing here from what I expected based on the early reviews which were positive.Is it like harvest moon? ♥♥♥♥ no.Is it fun? Till you realize its boring and empty as ♥♥♥♥. Which is like, 10 minutes into the game.Is it a let down? Not neccesarily. At least I have 1 more game in my library that I can let my kids play.If you are an adult looking for adult challenges, dont buy this game and get Slime Rancher instead."
,Recommended,580200,33878893,Posted: 29 July,all,AffrightS-,"Yonder: The The Cloud Catcher Chroniclesis a peaceful and relaxing game, where you have to help the citizens of Gemea about everything. The world, including the animals and sprites have an innocent and charming appeal to them. For me, Yonder is a place that you come to do whatever it is you want. I spent quite a bit of time fishing, as it’s genuinely a fun thing to do.My pros:-	Beautiful world-	Fun-	Totally open worldMy cons:-	No player housing-	Could use more variety in animals-	Tool swapping – tools are not hot boundI would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys open worlds for the sheer sake of them, as I do. Overall I thoroughly enjoyed my time on Gemea."
76561198193908114,Recommended,580200,33938885,Posted: 31 July,all,cynergy,"This game is marvelous to look at, and so much fun to play.  There is no combat, which is a relief.  There are many interesting quests, and animals to stock your farms.  The animals are all unique and can supply resources when they are part of your farm.There is a large land to explore, and different areas have different weather and things to learn.There are guilds that teach unique things, which come in handy for creating items for trade."
,Recommended,580200,34043368,Posted: 5 August,all,July7,"I've always loved open world gathering/farming games, but always puzzled as to why such games have to include a fighting feature. I play farm games so I can avoid fighting! Well, Yonder turns out to be exactly what I need! It's a lovely little laid-back relax-and-gather game.The game has a very expansive gathering system, so that no time is wasted as you wander around the world. The world map is not too big, but include a lot of cute details. The farm system is also pretty laid back -- not a lot of upkeeping.PROS- no combat. no death.- light hearted exploration. lots to do. lots to collect- cute side quests. good rating system to track progress. you're never going to be out of things to do.CONS- a lot issues have been identified by devs for future fix. I'm just gonna repeat a few that matter more to me: the map is not super detailed, which is fine for an explore game. Problem is that it's impossible to see at the game's night time,- lack of fast travel, which again is not a big deal in itself, since the game world is reasonably small. Coupled with a limited backpack space, though, can make item juggling a little tricky."
,Not Recommended,580200,33639494,Posted: 18 July,all,AmandaPanda,"Beautiful but EMPTY.Running from point A to point B. There is no depth. You cannot go inside any of the buildings, they are just ""decorations"". No combat, nor are you able to swim, die, starve, freeze. Clothing/hair styles have no uses. Farming falls short and doesnt seem to have a purpose. Characters are souless and underdeveloped. Crafting, cooking, etc, feels pointless and is only used to complete tasks. It would be much better if there was money, the ""trading only"" option is awful. Not much to build on the farm, theres really no use for a farm.This game has POTENTIAL. I will recommend it once they add more challenge, content, story, maps, etc. Look to clues from stardew valley, dont starve, etc."
76561198094292700,Recommended,580200,35249334,Posted: 27 September,all,cbp7767,"I've put little time into this but I have done more in an hour in this game of expleration than 5 hours of another openworld game like Just cause or gta. This game runs well, looked amazing and has the most peaceful and pleasent openworld I have ever experience! I would get this game for 30 pound, its so good. This everything a game should be!"
,Recommended,580200,35350520,Posted: 30 September,all,anskotomov,"A lovely, relaxing game that's absolutely oozing charm. For me the main story line is just enough to provide some direction while having minimal urgency that might discourage exploration and sidequests like happen in some games.I very much appreciate the lack of combat, conflict or even fail states. It's just a game with lots to do without pressure."
,Recommended,580200,33889619,Posted: 29 July,all,Justin Taylor,"It's a beautiful game that forces you to do nothing what you don't want.Most of the negative reviews don't understand that the game isn't designed to rush through.This is also game I can play with my little Cousins because there is no violence at all. Even smaller children quickly understands it and what they need to do (if they can read a bit at least).I can absolutely recommend this game.--> I own this game on Steam AND PS4, where I played the most time with my cousin <--"
,Recommended,580200,33883541,Posted: 29 July,all,spaZtik,"tldr; Great open world where you can go relax and play whatever bits you want in whatever order and way you like.  Or just chill out and enjoy the beautiful landscape, sounds and music.It has the look and feel of an older gen Nintendo game in a most positive way.  In 4k it looks fantastic mainly due to the fantastic lighting and beautiful design and layout of the land.  The gameplay is reminiscent of Stardew valley, but in a much larger world in 3d with many little puzzles and simple quests.  No building relationships though, let alone marriage :P  The world has differrent areas where you can have farms.  There you can have animals, plants or trees.  You tend to them yourself or hire a farmhand or ignore it.  And then there is the main story and little story quests which are simple but very enjoyable.  You can simply follow the story and explore the area's one by one or just do whatever you like in any order you want.  There is also crafting which i find slightly annoying and could use some work.  It doesn't spoil the fun, but would be nice if it got overhauled :)  As an added bonus, if you're into collecting and or gathering then you're covered too.  Oh, almost forgot about sounds and music.  That is also definately worth noting and completes the wonderful atmosphere in Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles.  Both the soothing music and atmosheric sounds of the landscape, animals and weather. Yonder might not be my game of the year (NieR:A gets that one for me) but most definately on the short list and worthy of an honorable mention!"
76561198028068255,Recommended,580200,33885198,Posted: 29 July,all,Jerik,My wife absolutely loves this game. She can't say enough good things about it.
,Recommended,580200,33649120,Posted: 19 July,all,city loot,"Okay.. this game is easily one of my favourite games of the past few years.I LOVED Stardew Valley, and this game takes the farm/open world sim and delivers it in a beautiful 3D environment.To all who want to play this, I would STRONGLY recommend playing without the ingame music. The sound design is fantastic but dampened by a rather generic music score.Pick this up and I'll be jealous of you for having the opportunity to experience this world for the first time."
76561197971008413,Recommended,580200,33635561,Posted: 18 July,all,Byromaniac,Pretty and pleasant to play. Good job.
,Recommended,580200,33645251,Posted: 18 July,all,CerealNMilk,"I've been waiting to play this game in its entirety since previewing it at PSX 2016 and meeting the fantastic dev team. Combining the exploration and wonder of Skyrim with a robust crafting system, adorable creatures galore (not to mention the collectible cats in every sector of the game) and fantastical graphics and you've got a timeless, carefully constructed title. Absolutely a buy for someone looking to relax and lose themselves in a world of magic."
,Recommended,580200,33650992,Posted: 19 July,all,Sophadoph,"I've only had a few hours to play, but I'm completely smitten. The environments are gorgeous, the controls are simple and feel very natural, and everytime I discover something new I get excited. Every little detail contributes to the experience. Hiding under shelter from the rain is both immersive and soothing. Finding out that the local wildlife curls up to sleep at night was adorable. And the first time I jumped from a tall cliff... just so fun.If you're a fan of open world games that were obviously crafted with love, you'll likely adore this title. I can't wait to play more."
76561197991677327,Recommended,580200,33936377,Posted: 31 July,all,Batman,I was often bored in this game but even so I really enjoyed it. Definitely not for people seeking an action filled adrenaline rush but awesome if you just want a relaxing experience.
,Recommended,580200,33635031,Posted: 18 July,all,Zen,"If you like Zeldas relaxing atmosphere, or stardew valley relaxing playstyle, Or harvest moon, then you will love this gem.Running it on the highest settings and it is a stable 60 fps and a treat to look at no matter where you are exploring.Something really nice about this game is there is no combat, I feel this gives the game its relaxing feel aswell as the cute artstyle.The game certainly takes influence from other games but has its own style which I'm in love with. It does not rush you to do anything or push you in any direction, You are free to pursue what you want when you want. The farming so far is a lot of fun and just enough details to not feel bland. I love the skill system, which includes gathering of various resources (fishing, mining, cutting trees or grass, planting seeds to grow things, collecting flowers, trapping, Trading, etc. Then you use resources to craft things for personal gain or quests or other things.The guild system so far is also great, you can join various guilds around the world to learn recipes, guilds include: tailor, chef, carpenter, construction,tinker,brewer, and master.The open world and exploring are beautiful, and moving around is fluid, there are various teleport systems in place for getting around easier. The game encourages you to explore and not feel obligated to quests. So far all the different areas i have seen do feel unique with their own unique animals and towns and the nature.Personally I have been waiting for a game like this for a long time, one that I can play and feel relaxed and just fall into the atmosphere of it.Day/night cycle is nice although the day feels too short in my opinion.PROS-Familiar Zelda/Harvest moon/star dew valley feel to it-The world-art style-plenty to do to not feel bored-just enough details to not feel bland-crafting,gathering, and guilds-farming!-teleport system is nice-no loading screens-light hearted atmosphere and music-runs very smoothCONS-It feels like it was designed for kids (though I am loving it as an adult)-Quests are not deep by any means-Day is shortI will update this review as I play the game more but overall i'm very pleased and happy with my experience.Is it worth it?Yes absolutely If you are curious about this game, give it a try."
76561198033920708,Recommended,580200,34265004,Posted: 15 August,all,viyahn,"I enthusiastically recommend this game!After reading a few of the reviews, I get the sense a lot of the people who were disappointed with play approached the game as though it was a story driven RPG. The reality of it is that it's an open world sandbox enriched by side quests, and the main plot line is really more of a tutorial.As soon as I was released into the world, I abandoned the quest line. This is generally my strategy with open world games. Main plot? Nope I'm going to run the opposite direction. What's this shiny thing over here?I've been playing for a pretty solid seven hours so far. I'm now a master chef, have a single farm with two animals, a farm hand that I pay in fish soup, 13 sprite friends and am now on a mission to clear out all the ""murk"" in my area. I'm really focused on getting the happiness ratings for each zone above 75%. Hunting fat little cat potatoes is my new favourite pastime. Have you caught a king fish, yet?The world feels huge to me. I've yet to explore all of it. You can operate and maintain eight different farms and I am still putting together the first one. You can become an expert in what feels like endless crafting schools and that just chews through all of your ""excess inventory"" like it's no one's business. Each one of your eight farms also has a storage box to hold any extra stuff, though I have t be honest, my ""extra"" stuff is almost exclusively wardrobe and shampoo.I don't know what you guys mean when you say this game is small. I think... I think you are doing it wrong."
,Recommended,580200,35227736,Posted: 26 September,all,Kaldaien,"Quite possibly the closest thing to Hello Kitty Island Adventure that the world has ever seen ;)This open-world island sandbox has gorgeous physically-based-rendering lighting combined with a whimsical childlike facade. It is far deeper than you would expect, including puzzles, story, crafting. It's like a cross between RiME, Harvest Moon and Submerged.Be warned, the game uses Unity. Unfortunately, because it uses Unity, there's no fullscreen mode and it uses an sRGB framebuffer. Those two things together mean G-Sync will never work in this game without using something like my mod framework (Special K) to force the game into fullscreen.I have nothing good to say about Unity (sorry Unity), but the game is good enough that it makes up for this mistake."
,Recommended,580200,33870985,Posted: 28 July,all,badgersaur,"Relatively short, but incredibly cute and very relaxing. I finished the main story in about 8 hours, but they were a super chill 8 hours. I recommend if you're the sort that likes to play video games to unwind, but you may find this game lacking if you want a challenge."
76561198012880165,Recommended,580200,33637782,Posted: 18 July,all,Cursed Warrior,"I was hyped for Yonder since I heard about it around January 2017. The cute look, the promise of exploration, and the tease of mystery got me excited. I'm also a big fan of farm/craft based games (see stardew valley) and was excited at the idea of crafting and trading.Overall the game is good. Its cute, fun, and gorgeous, but mechanically the farming, crafting and trading system left a little bit to be desired. I completed the main quest chain in under 7 hours (granted that isn't what the game is about) and enjoyed it, but found myself doing 0 farming, and simply buying any advanced crafting materials needed for quest items. When I tried to craft things myself I found it blocked by needing to trade for goods that the player cannot make (LOOKING AT YOU NAILS AND GLUE). It was a little frustrating, but I understand the need for a bottleneck. I was hoping for a trade system I could automate to some degree as an answer (hire traders to take farm goods to towns and trade for other goods), but was sorely left wanting.I've still got some end game content to do and some side quests/collection, and am genuinely looking forward to it despite my minor complaints. Overall the game is fun, enjoyable, and relaxing. It delivered on exploration and asthetic, but the crafting, farming, and trading felt largely optional. Overall good game though."
,Recommended,580200,33632083,Posted: 18 July,all,imabeautifly,"If you like Harvest Moon-type games, this definitely has that feel to it. There's not as huge of a focus on the farming itself, though I've only just started so that may change, but you do explore the region collecting/saving Sprites, doing quests for townspeople, and trying to cure the land from the mysterious ""Murk"" while trying to figure out where you came from as well as the origin of the Murk. 20% while it's still new was also great, though I would have paid full price for it anyway! So far it seems there's a lot to do, and you can choose to follow quest-by-quest, or do your own thing. Has a few Breath of the Wild aspects with the exploration, collection, and a certain cutscene near the beginning, though as far as I can tell has no combat elements (which is fine, I feel like that wouldn't necessarily fit).EDIT: My only trouble so far is the inability to cross most water. After a few seconds in a river, you die and are set back a few seconds away from the river, but still haven't crossed the water in your way. You can build bridges, but the required materials aren't immediately available to craft or collect, and finding an alternate route can be extremely tedious."
76561198017946533,Recommended,580200,33658436,Posted: 19 July,all,Dogishappy,"This game is very much a Relaxation Sandbox. It is filled with things to do, but in no way pressures me to do any of it. Trading is a mechanic, but is mostly unnecessary to complete the story outside of the tutorial.  I'm free to do what i want as i want, and there is enough variety to keep me entertained long into the night.Farming is very simple and requires no micromanaging. I can herd animals and grow food as it pleases me. Animals and crops all passively give resources that can be used for crafting, trading, and completing quests. All resources stack to 50 so I can explore the world for hours looking for that perfect screen shot or next collectable without worrying of missing out on items. There's no real benefit to farming besides accumulating a massive horde of wealth that can be used to buy items that make the mostly unnecessary crafting easier.With no pressure to farm for resources, i am not pressured to min/max the efficiency of my farms and can focus instead on aesthetics, accumulating 1 of everything, and exploration. The world is beautiful with lots of nooks to explore and secrets to find. I really enjoy being able to do what i want at my own pace and is a much enjoyed deviation from action filled games."
76561198012425174,Recommended,580200,33627361,Posted: 18 July,all,Shimmer,"Such an adorable game! Pretty scenery, sweet music, cute animals... what more could you ask for?Kitties. Collectible kitties. Yaaaas!"
,Recommended,580200,33637032,Posted: 18 July,all,Polarity,"Extremely relaxing, combat-free ""Harvest Moon-esque"" game with a large area to explore. Benefits from extremely nice aesthetics, as well as the ability to build farms and tend to animals. The exploration aspect of the game is definitely my favourite feature of the game in entirety, and some of the quests that you have to do are quite interesting. Haven't done too much of the story but is very good nonetheless. At the beginning you'll think that you'll be walking for ages to get to places but that's somewhat solved later on. Definitely recommend this for anyone who is a fan of Stardew Valley and/or Harvest Moon, or for anyone who is looking for a relaxing RPG experience."
,Recommended,580200,33640585,Posted: 18 July,all,Kalvyn',"One of the most beautiful games I've ever played. It's relaxing, fun and immersive. If you enjoy sim games where you manage a farm, you'll like this. If you enjoy gorgeous open world maps to explore and learn, this is for you. If you enjoy trading and managing economical things, this is for you. I can't say enough good things about this game. I've hardly played it yet I am in love. I highly recommend any of those who want a nice relaxing game that you can play however you desire. No time limits or pressured objectives. You just play the game at your own pace."
76561198285292794,Recommended,580200,33785800,Posted: 25 July,all,Vulpes,"A cute adventure game that is pleasing to look at and listen to. If you want something that you get lost in through a good couple hours then I recommend this. I had been anticipating this games release, and wasn't disappointed. Although the main story quest was shorter than I hoped, there is still good gameplay and a cute tale here. I hope the developers build on this, possibly giving it a bigger branching story."
76561197993764477,Recommended,580200,33716283,Posted: 22 July,all,Neeco 😺,"Great little sandbox to play in that has a few things to do and in general looks nice.Also, whenI handed in some cats and they started popping out of the huge yarn ball and mewing... it was awesomebecause, kittens."
76561198317106574,Recommended,580200,34043903,Posted: 5 August,all,Elisekv,"I truly wish there was a neutral recommendation. This game is very relaxing and can be fun and beautiful, but it lacks a lot of fine tuning. Still, if you like relaxing games, this may be your cup of tea, and I am still enjoying myself at least to some extent. Here are some of the improvements needed:1. Better map. It's way too hard to see where you can and can't walk on the map. There is also no way of setting your own waypoints, it only points to quests. I would love to at the very least be able to choose cities and farms.2. More to do with animals. I would love to be able to do two things in particular: ride the large animals and name the animals I own.3. Though this one is very personal, trading gets tedious. Since the farms with the chests you store stuff in is always far away from trading spots it get annying to have to run back and forth.4. More engaging gameplay. At the moment there is little emotional connection to the story or gameplay. The dialogue of the people also just feels like text and not something said by a person. It feels very fake.5. Crafting demands way too much work. This may sound stupid, but the prosses of crafting anything is way too long since even the simplest of things needs a bunch of ingredients.With that said, the game is not ""bad"". It just feels unfinished. I hope future updates correct and add some of this, but even if they don't the game was still a solid okay."
,Recommended,580200,33779994,Posted: 24 July,all,Count Wulfric,"Great game, looking for even more content from the Devs."
76561198000070419,Recommended,580200,33718898,Posted: 22 July,all,doomed.child,"Bought just to test. After noticing that if I jump from a high place I float down with an umbrella, and after meeting a pig covered in flowers, there was no going back. This game is cuteness overload. Wii-like graphics, beautiful music and simple gameplay make this an easy game to get into.This game is for those who+ like ridiculously cute animals and plants+ in games like WoW spend hours just gathering and crafting+ like to explore and pick up everything because it might be useful+ don't need constant guides and instructions on what to do+ just want to feel warm and fuzzy inside.So if you like high-quality graphics or killing rather than caring for blobby animals, go play Diablo or whatever. I'll be busy collecting sticks and liberating pink sprites :)"
76561198067851126,Recommended,580200,33652209,Posted: 19 July,all,Dread Baron Beardly,"I love it. Relaxing is the word for it, but it is also exciting and fun. Defniitely low stress and that is the type of game I need right now... Did i mention it also looks great?"
,Recommended,580200,33688541,Posted: 20 July,all,Frizouw,"I would not say that this game is comparable to stardew valley and / or harvest moon, because it's not the same atmosphere. When you are playing games like stardew and harvest moon, you feel more isolated in a generally smaller world, with a much more developed social concept, such as marriages, characters with a personality distinct from the others. It is much more focused on farm production.In yonder this is not the case at all. We feel more like an adventurer who encounters strangers, their personalities do not matter to us. They are useful for us or / and we are useful for them. The farm is present but I feel more than they worked on the quests and the stories than on that.This was a small warning, if you believe buying this game because it's compared to stardew valley, do not do it, it is not at all the same ambience.In summary the game is that you have to exile yourself on an islands that is apparently safe. Now that you have succeeded, you must eliminate all areas of darkness using the spirits you find and making people happy.Now let's see the pros and cons!Pros+ Cute graphics, it's really eye-catching;+ This game is really relaxing, the sounds of water, wind, nature, contribute well;+ There are a lot of stuff we can do in the game, raising animals, fishing, being a carpenter and a lot more;+ Alot of side quest;+ There is a conception of time, hours, days and seasons;+ Character customization.Cons- Can not put custom marks on map, it can be frustrating sometimes, because you always have to open the map;- Can not fast travel from anywhere on the map, it can be annoying if you need something to craft another and the only one who have this item is far away from you.I give the score of 8/10.I hope this review will help you ^^"
,Recommended,580200,33696243,Posted: 21 July,all,Lulu,"This game is amazing, its so peaceful and fun. Its great for any ages and any play style. I am glad I waited so long for it come around. It is worth the price, and it was worth the wait."
,Recommended,580200,34016266,Posted: 4 August,all,Krevette_,"Wonderful game, very relaxing. Excellent ease of use switching between gamepad / mouse+kb / kb-only, that is a rare feat, and done well."
76561198019248832,Recommended,580200,33695962,Posted: 21 July,all,indy-anna,I really enjoyed playing this game.
76561198064736550,Recommended,580200,33711029,Posted: 21 July,all,Becki,"If you are looking for a nice casual game, this might be a good fit for you.  I paid the promotional $20 for this game and I have already sunk 4 hours into it and I'm nowhere near completion.  So for that price, I would say this game was well worth it.  Like a lot of players that purchased this game, I was expecting a mix of Stardew Valley and Zelda.  This game is not that at all.  It's purely an exploration game that allows you to enjoy the beautiful scenary while crafting and running a lot of fetch quests.  There are lot of hidden items to find (such as those cute cats other reviewers also mention), some puzzles, and a move at your own pace and do whatever you want to do feel.Pros:-The game has a very cute style-You'll feel relaxed after playing it-There's no timeline or reason to rush any one task-You can hire farm hands and pay them with food-Simple and easy controls-Your character can be customized more within the game by finding or earning clothes, accessories, and hair dye-Finding the cute catsCons:-All of the NPC are very shallow.  Some will give you quests but don't expect a story telling you why they need that quest done.-A lot of time will be spent just running from point A to point B.-The farming aspect is lacking.  You can place buildings and bring animals back to your farm, but you really don't do much on the actual farm.  Clean up poop and get your items is really all you can do.-The map isn't labeled-I found fishing to be difficult and a little annoying-Not a lot of variability to animalsI read a few complaints about the trading system.  This game has no currency, so you are expected to trade equal values via items you collect.  Different towns have different items to trade and also value items differently.  While this can be tedious if you are searching for a specific item, I kind of like this realistic old timey feel.  The towns are themed so if you are looking to buy items to cook with, there is a specific town with a cooking guild and traders that trade food type of items.  The map is very widespread and not well labeled so if you are looking to complete a quest across the way and need an item, running to the town that you can purchase it is a pain.  However, you can eventually use portals to hop around to specific locations once you find them, so that helps a bit.Another complaint I read was about the limited backpack space.  While you do have a limited inventory, you can have chests at your farm locations where you can store additional items.  Linking to the previous comment about map size, if you leave something at your farm that you need, traveling back to get it is again a pain.  I have yet to really run out of backpack space, however.  I think this game isn't meant to be rushed, so focusing on one guild at a time will help you with your storage space.There is a lot of little details that I found to be a nice touch.  You gain badges from the various guilds that you can put onto your backpack.  You can have up to four badges on it at once and they actually appear on your characters backpack.    The artwork in the environment is beautiful.  I've seen a rainbow, light flowing through cave tunnels, and beautiful shallow water paths.There is no tutorial and this game doesn't hold your hand.  It's a very simple game, however, so a tutorial really wouldn't be needed.  If you can't figure out how to make something/where to buy something, take a break and go exploring for a while.  You might uncover a new town or items that you need to discover first.This game isn't going to be winning GOTY, but it can give you many hours of calmer enjoyment.  This is the game to play when you are winding down at the end of your stressful day."
76561198003469036,Recommended,580200,33758135,Posted: 23 July,all,Dread Guacamole,"Shipwrecked on a small (but climatically diverse) island, the protagonist in Yonder: the generic subtitle is left to his own devices. There's a town nearby with a few tutorials (and I'd recommend doing those first thing, since they'll give you tools that will let you get more out of your travels); a scrap of a story to guide you onwards with a main quest, and a vague menace in the Murk, dark patches of clouds that cut off some areas until you find enough sprites to clear them away.But the story is very easy to ignore, and the game provides a hefty number of distractions. The island is large enough for exploration to be interesting, and beautiful enough for it to be an enticing prospect. Each new area has a new town with a few requests for your intrepid hero to complete, and a new crafting discipline to discover. There many collectibles out there to, uh, collect, a few (too few) puzzles to solve, and tons of raw materials to harvest for you to later turn them into something you probably won't use much.You can build and furnish farms, and lure animals onto them. Bridges can be placed atop ravines or rivers. Stand next to any body of water with a fishing rod, and you'll get a prompt to cast your line. None of the systems are particularly deep, but they're well implemented and satisfying.And the greatest thing is that the game doesn't force you to engage with any of its systems at length. Don't like farming? Honestly, the only thing I used on any of my farms was the storage chest. Someone's asked you to craft something? Check the vendor nearby, he might just have what you need for trade.Yonder is an incredibly gentle game. There's no combat whatsoever. No life bar. No stamina bar. No pressure, no challenge, no failure state. Friction of any sort is minimized. It's relentlesslynice; there's no real antagonist, and even ""unlikeable"" characters are more bufoonish than antagonizing. The main quest can be finished with a minimal amount of effort, and the game goes out of its way so you don't need to ""grind"" unless you want to.It aims squarely to be relaxing, to entertain without tension, and pretty much nails it.It's got problems, sure. The plot is... well, it's mediocre until a hilarious abrupt ending. Many of its systems are shallow or have some issues - crafting, for example is bottlenecked by some items that need to be traded for, but can be hard to find in any quantity. The inventory on your character is limited and can be an annoyance, but frankly, I find it hard to criticize the only part of the game that encourages you to strategize.My main issue, really, is that after the initial exploration phase (which was short, but great - and worth the price of entry alone), too much of the game felt like busywork. Relaxing busywork, sure, but still. I haven't spent all the time shown on my profile active in the game - I tend to leave stuff running in the background a lot - but I feel vaguely guilty about having spent the hours I have on it; As if doing absolutely anything else would have been more productive. It (by design) requires such a low level of engagement that I was honestly relieved to be done with it by the end.So if you let it, it can become the gaming equivalent of... I don't know, one of those adult coloring books you see in bookstores, I guess. Which is fine! But if like me you have any completist tendencies, you might want to set them aside for this game. As good as it is, it really doesn't justify the amount of empty time some of the tasks it sets out for you require. Just about anything else you can do will be a better use of your time than building those damn stone bridges.Despite all of the above, I feel kind of bad about being negative about the game. It's a lovely thing on which a small bunch of talented people have obviously poured a lot of love, and it's a resounding success on its own terms."
,Recommended,580200,33626661,Posted: 18 July,all,Paige,"This game is an interesting combination of genres. Mostly, it's a collectathon, sending you to all areas of the map to find materials and secrets. It's charming and relaxing. There's no stamina meter, no time limit, no health or hunger bars. Just you, running around a pretty landscape and doing as you please.I would not call this a ""farming game,"" and despite advertising, I'd say it's not at all like Stardew Valley or Animal Crossing or Zelda.Characters seem the same, repeating the same types of information. They don't have individual quirks or phrases or anything that really sets them apart from eachother. They're just all there, chilling in the same spot, all hours of the day, saying the same things. There's no ""friendship"" to be gained a la Stardew. Animal interactions are also limited, which is disappointed because their designs are so cute.I think Yonder would benefit more by homing in on a genre. Gameplay is hollow. Currently trading doesn't feel meaningful, farming trees doesn't feel meaningful, raising animals does not seem meaningful. The only thing that's worth doing is running around. And that gets a bit tedious. I'm hoping there's an update in the future that will make these things more lucrative.Overall, I'd recommend this game to someone who wants a relaxing experience and enjoys cute art. However, $20 feels a bit steep for the amount of content it offers. I'd say it's a $10 game in its current state."
,Recommended,580200,33637590,Posted: 18 July,all,Wall Crouton,"It's cute and fun and not having to worry about spooky monsters chasing me at night lets me run around and explore peacefully. Everything is nice and nothing hurts.Some people are saying it's short and boring, but everything is short and boring if you rush to the end because every playthrough is a speedrun to you or something. There's plenty to do, and it's not the developers fault if you don't do them."
76561198072329162,Not Recommended,580200,33904130,Posted: 30 July,all,ShinigamiZax,"Game should be listed as Early access if they plan to sell bearbones and update features in to it afterwards.I tried to enjoy this game, there's lots to enjoy it's pretty and cute with alot of fun things to do initally. but I kept finding more and more annoying aspects that runied the experience for me.First off this game is short like i have 7h on this game but i reccon that maybe 1-2 h were focused on the main story, The remaining time I spent just exploring the map and seeing what i could see.Second. The controls feel awful, they're heavy and un-responsive. the use of an umbrella as a glide function is annoying as it doesn't extend the reach of the jump by very much so most of the time it just makes you wait in the air a couple of extra seconds. Turning your charecter is slow and it doesn't help the fact that you can't re-center the camera.Third level design is just some of the worst. Getting from A to B never has a direct path, often with hills and rock walls in the way. esspecially with all of the teleporting shrines being no where near anything remotly useful.Forth, Lack of charecters. Sure there are 100s of NPCs dotted around the island but that doesn't mean they do or say anything meaningful. Why should i want to save an island full of people who only want to talk to me about the same constant lack of Pottery at X?Fith, I'm sure some people enjoyed the weather and the day and night cycle but it just irked me the wrong way. Seasons and rain have absolutly no affect on anything, in a farming game. what's pretty about the game is compleetly obscured in darkness half the time including anything you may want to pick up or find near by.Sixth Money is broken, after farming a couple of cows and berries i was compleetly set with enough milk and berries selling at 50 each where maybe the most expensive items maybe came to 200-300 everytime i was short i would just pick up some more funds at my farm.Seventh I don't want another bottle of dye, hair peice, or shampoo. stop filling my inventory with this meningless customisation.8th there's no pathos. nothing to be scared of, nothing to fail ever... except drowningJust really dissapointing, other  problems too just not worth listing every single one or i'd be here all day."
76561198269051159,Recommended,580200,33758774,Posted: 23 July,all,【✰Poppy✰】™,"I just bought this game and I have to say it's nothing like I expected, it's so much better. It's as if Animal Crossing and Minecraft had an angelic love baby, and thus Yonder was born. The story mode is so fun, the puzzle tactics they added in are a doozy, but they all pay off when you get them right. The graphics are very pretty. Honestly well worth 20 dollars."
,Recommended,580200,34134980,Posted: 9 August,all,sleepy toad,"Yonder is a hard game to recommend for a variety of reasons, from its lack of guidance (especially early on when available quests are few and resources hard to find) to its clumsy economy that encourages trading over crafting IMMENSELY.When i started playing i would try to follow quest goals thinking they would allow me to familiarize myself with the game's mechanics and environment, which was a huge mistake. If you play it like you would a typical farming life simulator / RPG you will have an awful time, because quests usually require you to find specific items via either crafting or trading, items which are scattered throughout the map and often restricted to specific areas. This is especially obvious at the start when you can have trouble finding simple ressources (eg Water) until you realize exactly what to look for and where to look for it.This means that you as a player are encouraged to always explore the map, even if you don't have any specific goals in mind. If you build a farm for example, the game doesn't expect you to settle next to it and maintain it until it's just the way you want: you will make a farm, leave it alone and go back to it every now and then to collect obtained resources or make additions to it. The game expects you to play as a nomad and failing to realize that will likely ruin the experience.In short, Yonder is a wonderful game to play if you manage to get into its rhythm. The lack of combat and overall challenge actually betters the experience, and aside from a few issues such as not being able to extend your inventory space and an occasionally useless minimap it is a soothing experience that's easy to get lost into."
,Recommended,580200,33644588,Posted: 18 July,all,Pickle Rick,A truly engaging experience. An absolute gem.
,Not Recommended,580200,33680801,Posted: 20 July,all,D4rk3dr4g00N,It missed on a lot of ideas. Also having no hands is really weird.
76561198066363484,Recommended,580200,34383763,Posted: 20 August,all,GhostlyEggs,"No combat system, no hunger or death of your animals. Yonder is more about collecting everything and building up your farm(s). The pace is decent, you're not gonna be burning through everything in an hour but it's not gonna take forever to get things done. The world is colorful and vast. There isn't anything insanely wrong with the game. So if you're looking for a solid, relaxing adventure this hits the mark.Personally, I think the trade system is fun, You really have to think about what you're trading instead of just buying and selling things. I also like that taking care of your animals and crafting isn't too complicated. I love collecting things to get that 100% completion and this game provides that at a decent pace.I'd say the biggest downside to this game is that it feels a bit empty at the moment. I think this game could benefit by adding in some more animals to adopt and possibly more crafting options to customize your farm(s) look. Also adding housing could help with giving players more things to decorate and customize.Now a personal gripe I have is that weather and biomes don't really effect anything. I would have liked it if they made it to where certain things were needed in order to travel the more extreme biomes, or else you get some sort of debuff like slowness or a screen effect that makes it hard to see. Nothing extreme but just an extra push to help sell that adventure feel of being in a different place.Here are some things that the game doesn't need but, I'd like to see:Possible multi-player option. This game would be fun to play with friends.In-game instruments, collecting instruments and learning new songs could add more playtime to the game."
,Recommended,580200,33736305,Posted: 22 July,all,TacoLoco,"A very cute and amaizing game. Even if it have some issues (Controllers) I am excited too see what this game would deliver. Devs if you read this, please fix the controllers, and the walking animation"
,Recommended,580200,33658983,Posted: 19 July,all,MWEasyScratch,"First off: I haven't finished the game yet, but I am about nine hours in, so I feel like I can picture how it will continue.I would definetly recommend Yonder: TCCC. I love the artstyle and the world that you can explore. It is just a lot of fun to wander the lands of Gemea.But instead of just saying what I liked in this game, I'll try to point out what bothered me so far, or what I would like to see changed in the future:The probably biggest issue I have is the limited inventory. I know it is common in a lot of games, and it just feels more realistic, but in my opinion, it's just not fun. I can see why an inventory limitation is implemented in games like DayZ or Rust, where you have to eat and drink to stay alive. I can see why you would do that there, for example you have to calculate how many supplies you want to carry around, in inventory space that could otherwise be used for powerful weapons.But in this game, like in many others, I feel it is just annoying, since you can technicaly use everything for crafting, there are no useless items, so you probably want to take everything, but you can't. I don't know, maybe it is to higher the difficulty, but if that is the case, then for me, it didn't increase the difficulty in a good, but in an annyoing way.The second point I have is something I have seen other people complain about as well: switching through the tools.I actually like switching through the tools, as long as you just have tools. But if you collect 3 different seeds and fireworks, then you suddenly have like 10 things in that bar and switching becomes rather annoying. I feel like the player should be able to toggle the seeds, traps and fireworks (and what else might come later), in order to have a smoother gameplay experience.Also what was kind of lacking for me was inventory management. I usually like to clean up my inventory as good as possible and sort everything to its place, but in Yonder, you can't move items in the inventory. The only way to filter is by premade categories (which for me didn't work when using the chest btw). They are actually quite good, but I still would prefer to be able to manage it a little more.I would like to be able to activate the lantern manually. I was once in the forest during a thunder storm and it was completely dark, I couldn't see anything, but it was still daytime, so the lantern was turned off.Personally, I would have liked it, if there was a little more focus on home building. I really like, that the player gets the ability to have multiple farms in different places. It would have been nice to be able to build one main home, like select one of the farms and say ""This is my home now"" so it grows a little and you have more space available or something.The last point I have is probably the least important one, I just think it would be nice, if you could turn of the minimap, in order to get a more BotW like experience.Anyway, it sounds like I have a lot to complain about so I am just gonna list some things i like about this game:gameplay feels goodgorgeous graphicsawesome musicbeautiful world, that gives you the feeling of explorationincredibly cute animalsa fishing game that does not suck!a nice farm building systemsome really fun quests (like the one about the stolen food)character customization with loads of funny optionsno combat, which is rather rare in gamesand so on.In conclusion:I think this game is really relaxing and can appeal to people who liked games like animal crossing or harvest moon, but also to people who like to play legend of zelda. Up to my point, there is no combat in this game, which might be a dealbreaker for a lot of people, but I found it quite refreshing. If you are looking for a relaxing game to play after work, I think this is the one."
76561197984851121,Not Recommended,580200,33692939,Posted: 21 July,all,Zaltark,"Its neither deep nor complex. Most everyone says its a 'relaxing game'. Not a farm simulator, or open world trading game. You cant make money or buy stock of items. Its mostly about solo exploration without combat. Which I mean I guess is fun for alot of people, but dont get it because someone said its open world sandbox. It doesnt really feel sandboxy to be, and I wanted more out of the farming system."
76561197994056144,Recommended,580200,35088153,Posted: 20 September,all,Hart,"This is a very pretty piece of interactive digital art, but it is not a game and it is doubly not a farming game.I came to Yonder after a few runs through Stardew Valley left me looking for something similar, but new.  Yonder doesn't scratch that itch.  The farming is rudimentary and lacks any sort of interactivity beyond the setup phase, after which it simply produces resources as time passes.  The characters are cardboard cutouts lacking a history, story, goals, and personality.  If you're after that harvest moon style of gameplay, look elsewhere.I still think Yonder is worth a buy, though.  Simply put, the world is very pretty and the audio and visual elements work together to create a deep sense of immersion.  Unfortunately the UI is at odds with that immersion every step of the way. To chop a tree and plant a seedling you must scroll through a dynamically created toolbar twice, first to find your axe and again to find your seeds.  This could be a one-button operation.  Yonder could be a one-button game.  Every interaction is the same except the animation, swinging a hammer versus swinging a sickle.Wait for this one to go on sale.  $25 is a hard price to stomach for a digital art piece with no story and no replayability, but it's a great big world to get lost in and a nice way to wind down after a long night of gaming."
,Not Recommended,580200,34204788,Posted: 12 August,all,born2biscuit,"I have to say I am disappointed for these reasons1. There are villages and you can own a farm, but you cannot go inside of any of the houses including your own farm. You can ""rest"" at certain houses but as far as I can tell there is no effect or point in doing so. You are essentially a crazy homeless person who runs around outside 24/72. The visuals look washed out. What drew me to this game was the beatufiful looking visuals, but when I got my hands on the game and started playing myself the visuals look watered down and unimpressive. And thats with all settings maxed.3. You cannot swim. Very minor thing but it annoys me, if you fall in water you will be teleported back to where you were on the land before you fell in.4. Farms suck. Including not being able to go inside them they are small and feel very generic in general.So yeah those are probably minor things to most people but it ruined the game for me pretty much. It just seems like the game isn't reaching its full potential for no reason. I went into it expecting a 3D Stardew Valley but it's not, it could be but it's not."
,Recommended,580200,34048033,Posted: 5 August,all,edrazzar,"So this is my first ever review and I really have to so say that it has its own niche right now. It is a very cute relaxing game, perfect for some just beautfil easy exploring. There is no combat (which took me a bit to get used to) but I think that enhances the game because now I can just explore without worrying, and if you die(drown) you just restart with no conesquence. I would totally recommend this game to anyone who likes open world sandbox games but one of my big concerns is lack of content right now. The devs say they are working on it(and I totally believe them) but you could finish the main story in a few hours if you really tried."
76561198308261133,Recommended,580200,34048132,Posted: 5 August,all,Viazi,"Very fun and engaging! It could use some minor work on some aspects of the gameplay (like traveling), but overall it is fantastic."
76561198081363646,Recommended,580200,34052160,Posted: 5 August,all,diamondcolliedog,"This is a nice relaxing game - no combat, no drama. Spent the majority of my time collecting cats and dying my hair different colors. It's not really story-driven (the ""main"" quest is fairly easy to complete) and expect to have fun just exploring the world's little quirks. Overall, I liked the graphics and the laid-back aspect."
,Recommended,580200,33849260,Posted: 27 July,all,Dipsky,a relaxing and calming but still fun gamebut the main story is very shorthope the dev release new quests in the future
,Recommended,580200,33851227,Posted: 28 July,all,Arkelia,"What a sweet game :')While trying to find out about your past, you crash on an island called Gemea. This place is plagued by the ""murk"", some kind of bad purple cloud preventing humans to live where murk is. Little sprites (pokemon like creatures) will help you to get rid of the murk, and you are the only human to be able to see them.And so you'll have to explore Gemea (a beautiful open world), clear the murk and find clues about your past.The story is a very straight forward hero journey, not very unique, and very predictable.The game has been compared a lot to Zelda, Stardew valley and Harvest moon. But don't get the game wrong: there is no combat, there is no big puzzle, there is no relationship to grow, there is no in depth farming (there is farming, it's just very automated). Also, there is no fail state.So what makes Yonder good?Everything else:The game is beautiful with cute animals to befriend to put in your farm and take with you on your journey.The world is full a little details that will keep you smiling :)The controls are simple and easy to use.No convoluted mecanics, everything is very straighforward and works well. Be it fishing, farming, gathering ressources, crafting, exploring, quests.There is a day/night cycle, some sprites, fishes and other collectibles will appear only during night, or only during the day. The cycle is pretty short so you don't have to wait long to get to the day or the night. Some may think it's too short, but I feel it's just what it needs to be, I never felt pushed  to rush the game.There is seasons too. The world will change, more or less rain, snow, storms. For example some parts of the world will be submerged and you'll need to wait the right season to get less water to reach those parts (you can't swim ^^), or you'll have to wait for the lake to be frozen :)Crafting will enable you to craft tools or decorations for your farm. You'll be able to unlock a lot of different crafts: Cook, Carpenter, Tinker, Brewer, Tailor, and I forget some other...If the inital character creation feels poor, you'll be able to customize a lot more your appearence by unlocking new crafts (outfits, shampoo to change the color of your air), or you'll get new haircuts, facial air and unique outfits as rewards of quests.There is no actual money in game. You'll have to gather ressources, and/or craft to trade with town people.Once you finished the main story line you can continue to play, to finish exploring (if you just follow the main quests you'll see maybe half of the content in the game? It's just a wild guess, but the game really shines with random exploration, finding a chest or a collectible in a very hidden place.Overall, with the graphics, the UI, the controls, the sounds and the musics the game feels very polished and is a real joy to explore and interact with.I get the game is not for everyone. You might think the game is boring because there is no combat.I can't really argue that point, it's just a fact.I personnally can enjoy games like Nuclear Throne, Project Zomboid or the Borderlands series, and I also spend hundred of hours on Slime rancher and Stardew Valley. I'm nearly 30h in Yonder and I'm still not bored. :3"
,Recommended,580200,33939093,Posted: 31 July,all,Viole,"Pros:1) Beautiful (even though i play it without vsync and antialiasing)2) Relaxing3) Open world4) FishingCons:1) Short2) Story makes no sense whatsoever3) Hard to identify certain items and where to gather themPossible Improvements:1) More content (not just increase the number of material gathering quests). Maybe create an experiment room that can craft additional hidden items when experimenting with gathered materials. This may well be an extension of the brewer's quests2) Maybe create a purpose for clothing and accesories, An obvious one will be a larger backpack giving more slots. Others could be clothing that affect your walking speed. Wearing summer clothes will make you walk faster in sunny region and wearing winter clothes makes you walk faster in cold areas.3) Relevant point to the above, since clothing and accessories are for purely cosmetic purposes, there is no reason for them to take up any item slot. Maybe make it non marketable or a different item slot from materials altogether. Otherwise most people (like me) will just wear one and discard the rest in order to maiximise space for crafting materials.4) Farm building. There is absolutely no compulsion for me to build up my farm (other than the initial quests of opening one) Maybe create quests that requires you to achieve 100% farm ratings or having 3 different animals in the farm. Seems like a wasted opportunity for such a great aspect of the game to be left out.5) Travelling options. Although part of the game's beauty is for the protaganists to walk through and slowly explore the beautiful world, i believe other travelling options will be much appreciated. These can be included in the later aspects of the game. For example, maybe allow the tailor to craft running shoes which allows the player to run much faster. Create super food which allows the player to sprint momentarily. Allows player to maximise friendship with large animals like the groffle by bringing out on adventures (otherwise, whats's the point of bringing them out?) and then when friendship is maximised you are able to ride on them. Lastly, flying will definitely be a cool option here. Maybe allow tinker to craft wings which allows time based flying products. Hot air ballon or metal wings that lets you fly for like 2 mins?6) Mastering crafting quests. The requirements to obtain a master title is to simply craft $1000 worth of products. This can be easily done by simply repeating simple tasks (such as blue dye or stone arch) often leaving grand products untouched. Rather than simply crafting 20 groffle milk, perhaps make it an additional requirement to craft fish & chips or any single $500 product.7) Adding mail quests (from one town to the other) might be a great way for the player to discover new towns.8) In regards to con 3, perhaps include materials in the encyclopedia, like tree seeds etc. and where to find them This also allows the player to keep track of which item that they have crafted and those that are still locked. These will then allow for an achievement - all items crafted.Tl:dr  Great game, needs more content. Bought it at $20, rate it 8/10."
76561198066856463,Recommended,580200,34345584,Posted: 19 August,all,naughtypixiehead,LOVE THIS GAME!! LOVE ITAbsolutely no stress and just chilled. No fighting AT ALL. and so so so beautiful
76561198099049511,Recommended,580200,34032049,Posted: 4 August,all,siren7400,"Thank you for this non-violent game (Bambex may have a different opinion). I really enjoyed playing!Whilst I'm not a TROLL :) I must say the game ended way to fast. I played 32 hours, finished all quests, unlocked most of the achievements and finished the storyline (I didn't race through either). Sure there are side quests, but I'm not motivated to do them because there's no higher goal to work toward. I hope there's more content released in future updates.Aside from this one criticism, it's awesome - and more importantly, it is part of a new and growing genre. Overall, I recommend the game to people who like games that offer a peaceful escape."
76561198259793945,Recommended,580200,33736533,Posted: 22 July,all,marinesquirel,"Usually you love or hate a game. Some times you love to hate a game. But this game is different, I like the game, the gameplay itself was very smooth and well optimized. But there are some great points and poor points.Pros:The game is beautiful. Any gmae that can achieve bright vibrant colors and not go overboard is a beautiful game and very well artistically done.Low/non existant load times. For the size of the map, I don't remember loading for this game, which is fantastic.This game has a very interesting story line.The farming area is very original and I absolutely love using it. It's a very cool concept of placing buildings. (minus the hard to find book which took me forever to find, and realised that the thing was massive and nearly imposible to spot).Cons:The game itself leave much to be desired.It seems incomplete. There were times during my livestream I thought that the lights were too bright and the sky was unfinished. To my suprise I was in for a rude awakening when I found that the game was not only complete, but you could buy it at gamestop along with other places.You can't swim in this game. For an island kingdom surrounded by water and much having to do with water, you can not swim in this game. It wouldn't have taken much to add water volumetrics and physic properties as well as add a swiming animation for the character. I'm unsure why you can't swim in this game.incomplete tutorials. I had to actually search how to get my inventory open, who would have thought of pressing tab? The tab button is also just an arrow to the right.I'm really hoping they update the game with more content, as it seems it could be lacking. But time will tell if it is or not."
,Recommended,580200,33740625,Posted: 23 July,all,stylesj,Excellent game to just chill in and absolutely brilliant for the kids.  It has tons of stuff for them to do but is not too complex for them so you don't have to help out all the time.  Recommended!
,Recommended,580200,33750429,Posted: 23 July,all,StrictlySprots,"My recommendation when loading up Yonder for the first time is to lower your expectations and enjoy the game for what it is. It's a $25 indie game, not a $60 AAA title. Focus on what it has, and don't get too caught up with comparing it to other games. There's quite a lot to like, and we really need more zero-stress games. There are criminally few out there.My anticipation for Yonder was sky high going back about a year before release. But after reading a few reviews and finally playing an hour or so, I realized I needed to adjust my expectations. Luckily I did that, and I came out enjoying it.That said, the criticisms I've read are mostly valid. Main quest is short. The farming—which admittedly I didn't spend much time with—seems shallow compared to Stardew Valley. The world looks great but is not very interactive. For example, NPC villages had buildings with doors, but you cannot actually enter any of the buildings. 🤔 But ultimately these shortcomings were not enough to wreck the experience for me. There's a LOT going on with Yonder that I like.There's very little hand holding, which I liked quite a bit. Once you start the game, you're free to explore and do what you like. NPC dialog is colorful but brief. Any NPC with something important to say will have an exclamation mark above them. The map works pretty well with quests and destination points. Sage Stones make mid- and late-game travel less cumbersome. The Breath of the Wild comparisons are valid beyond just the visuals in that exploration is key. Uncovering sprites in Yonder feels a lot like discovering shrines in BotW. They're everywhere, and they can help you progress quite a bit by simply exploring.I think my favorite aspect of Yonder is that is both immersive and casual at the same time. It's the perfect audiobook/podcast companion game. I am 20 hours deep and just finished the main quest. Not sure I'll return to Yonder, but even if I don't, I feel like 20 hours for $25 is more than worth it."
,Recommended,580200,33643172,Posted: 18 July,all,ⱴ,"Very cute game. Graphics are superb and appear extremely well optimized.The game mechanics and progression feel well balanced, and the whole experience comes together very well to create a fun, chill atmosphere.I'm not sure why everyone has been having trouble with the controls -- they seemed fine to me.All in all, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,580200,33645193,Posted: 18 July,all,savi,It's like Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley minus the stress of having to earn enough money to date all the marriageble candidates at the same time.
76561198052655264,Recommended,580200,33629523,Posted: 18 July,all,Emma.the.Human,"Yonder can best be described as a comfort game...with cute critters and a no-combat environment you're free to roam the 8 different biomes of Gemea and relax into a game that'll have you chuckling at puns and collecting the cats you'll randomly hear meow throughout the world. It's a beautiful game you can find yourself getting absorbed into and likely hear yourself saying ""Oh I'll just check over here...I'll just complete this quest..."".I've enjoyed both watching people play this game and playing it myself. It's hard not to find yourself smiling at a Groffle."
76561198140804009,Recommended,580200,33628562,Posted: 18 July,all,星,"Its really really beautiful game, but if you're looking for a game exactly like Harvest Moon, this game is not for you.Its focus on exploration and finding things, farming and ranching is the next content.I also dont think there are truly a relationship between player and NPC.and for japanese player : 日本語はサポートされていません。still, I recomend this game if you're looking for a cute and relaxing game to your collection."
,Recommended,580200,33631027,Posted: 18 July,all,^_^,"Play yourself to sleep. Great game, cure my insomnia no joke. Too chill'ed"
,Recommended,580200,33633253,Posted: 18 July,all,OKTOBERLOVE,I friggin love it so much! Stardew Valley meets Harvets Moon! But the world reminds me so much of  the Final Fantasy X1 town of Windurst and home of the Taru Taru! Very nostalgic and surreal.  Extreme attention to detail! The glow from the lights at night will take your breath away!Charm 10/10Depth 10/10Mechanics 9/10
,Recommended,580200,33627421,Posted: 18 July,all,SoulfulPumpkin,"This game is a delightfully peaceful experience. It takes the idea of a massive open world and centers almost everything around exploration and farming. RIght from the beginning, just by looking at the map, you can see what kind of a game you are in for. The game feels like Zelda: Breath of the Wild without combat, and with farming added in, like from Stardew Valley.The beginning of the game introduces you to the different tools, and teaches you crafting. I wish the game would teach the controls a bit clearer. I accidentally trashed all of my items in my inventory and the game not giving me too much of an indicator I was doing so. The mechanics are simple, but satisfying to complete.The graphics are okay. The characters can feel a bit strange at first, but as you play, you get used to the game’s unique art style. The locations (at least the ones in the beginning) are vibrant and detailed, with little things like leaves falling from trees, to flowing grass physics, to a beautiful skybox. The detailed world can sometimes contrast with the simplistic animal and people models, though.The game’s music goes along with the game’s aesthetic very well. Action sounds are smooth, and little details can attract your attention. You might hear a meow during the night, and want to look for the source, or you might hear the waves and seagulls when near the beach.The world the game takes place is detailed, and feels almost like locations in World of Warcraft. The minimap the game provides is also a nice feature, providing many functions, like showing you your path, different vendors, quest locations etc. While a lack of pathfinding may seem like a bit of a bad thing, it fits the game very well, with you ending up on a mysterious place, needing to find things out for yourself. You soon learn all the little parts of each area, and find your own paths yourself.I do wish the game had a better sense of timing and sound design. Some parts of the game feel too sudden likewhen the ship is hit by lightning, I felt like the game should have lingered a bit longer on the event, instead of immediately going to the next scene. I also thought the part where you find the first sprite could have been more eased into, and not so sudden.The movement controls can sometimes be a bit stiff, with when you wanting to turn around, you might need to wait for the camera to turn with you, I think having a button make the camera swing around to get behind your back would be extremely useful. Another feature that would aid in exploring the massive world is setting a waypoint on the map. The minimap only tells you a quest’s general direction, so by letting the player set a waypoint on the map, and have the minimap guide them towards that, it would help with exploring and questing.If you enjoy the colorful world of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and World of Warcraft, and like the farming and animal raising in games like Stardew Valley, I highly recommend Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles."
,Recommended,580200,33627592,Posted: 18 July,all,hollycenations,"So far, I've only played as much as I could before needing to get ready for work, but I can't wait to come back home tonight and play it some more. I think I'm definitely the target market for a game like this. I love crafting and collecting and exploring. The controls seem pretty intuitive, and the quests do a good job (so far) of introducing new tools and mechanics.My only gripe right now is that I can't seem to switch the keybinds for my controller. I don't think the defaults are ideal. But that's something I can get used to."
,Recommended,580200,33644905,Posted: 18 July,all,Snake,"Prideful Sloth should definitely be taking pride in this gem. This game is incredible. The graphics, music, gameplay, everything just flows together so perfectly. It is absolutely Breath of the Wild X Stardew Valley and it works so well.10/10 for sure."
,Recommended,580200,33871390,Posted: 28 July,all,Luneli,"I'm one stormy night away from my last achievement, so I figured it was about time I add my two cents:The game is simple in its brilliance. You pretty much just run around, talk to people, and gather things. The NPC's are quirky and endearing. You can do most of the things at your own pace. Plus, the main character has an adorably awkward gait. Just know what you're getting in to. A lot of the complaints stem from an ignorance about the core traits of the game. If you're looking for an intricate story to work through and be done, I would caution you to do a little further research. Much of the enjoyment of the game is tied into the collection of all the in-game shinies.My only complaint is that the crafting/gathering/trade system is a bit shallow and possibly unbalanced - it's far too easy to abuse the system in your favor... but that could be working as its intended.I truly enjoyed this game. It was fulfilling, and I was left wanting more in a ""when-is-the-next-one?"" kind of way. I hope to see more games like this in the future. :)"
76561197997021741,Recommended,580200,33633105,Posted: 18 July,all,Jasmina,I like the game a lot. But i do think there are improvements to do and a few things i do wish were added such as house editing. actually being able to go inside houses. The farm part could be improved. Do not like thae fact that you need more animal shelters for having more animals. Its not a nice picture seeing many animal pens on the farm.Edited: After playing for even longer now. I can say that i do wish some things could be a lot better to give me a better experience. The jumping in this game have made me rage way more then what i would have liked. And i do wish that will get changed eventually. im tired of ending up bouncing off rocks and stuff when i just wanted to jump up on a thing and not on it!But still after the issues i have experienced i see a future for this game! and The fact do not change that i enjoy the game quet a lot! So i will recomend it to be played for sure! But do have in mind it might not want to expect way to much right now.
76561198067932030,Not Recommended,580200,33734409,Posted: 22 July,all,bellealebeau,I bought this played it for a little bit and then returned it. Maybe I didn't give it enough time? I bought it hoping it would be like harvest moon or stardew valley but  it was just boring? The controls were weird and super sensitive.
,Recommended,580200,35219118,Posted: 26 September,all,spoke ❂ 나쁜 기집애,"Great adventure game.Quests are basically just collection quests.Adventure, collect, farm and make zones happy by completing tasks.Very relaxing game!"
76561198025161066,Not Recommended,580200,35234345,Posted: 26 September,all,MurderHorse,"I was really hoping that the game's great art would mix with good characterization, interesting plot, and farming and I would be sucked in. Unfortunately, I really wasn't- Either because I've been playing Stardew followed by Story of Seasons followed by Rune Factory and can't take any more cute, or because it misses the mark. One of the things that struck me, for instance, was that the crew just disappeared and nobody talked about them after the first cutscene and nobody seems surprised to see me on this supposedly semimythical island land and.. Plus, its cutseyness comes off as less cute and more groanworthy.I don't know man. Maybe if I'd given it more time, but Steam's TC on refunding is clear- I gave it an hour and a half to make an impression on me, and it rubbed in all the wrong impressions. I just don't think I'm the right customer for this."
,Recommended,580200,33648014,Posted: 19 July,all,Bobisz,"I'm a 34 yr old bearded, tattooed, grown♥♥♥♥♥man. After 30 mins in I had to punch a fluffy kitten in the face to feel manly again.10/10 would Awwwww again"
,Recommended,580200,33649703,Posted: 19 July,all,★TeburonTai★,"I'm just gonna state the pros and cons about the game first.Pros:1. Vast open world with fast transition between biomes.2. Has main story.3. Cute critters.4. Weather and seasons.5. Can own multiple farmland on each biomes.6. Crafting and farming (learn profession).7. Fun fishing mechanic.8. Has fast travel.9. No combat system.Cons:1. It's a ""running around"" simulator.2. Can't sleep in owned farmland home. (Can't even sleep at all)3. There are fast travel but I don't like it.4. No combat system.5. Lack description on stuff.6. Map help you on your travel, everything else is on your own.7. You can finish the main story within a couple hour.8. Lack other lore beside main story.The rest, discover it yourself. Played on max setting with max 80fps on an i5, GTX 750 Ti, 12gb RAM so no worries about fps drop.  Its still a fun game if you enjoy casual, do stuff at your own pace kind of games, 10.10 would recommended. The game has many potential and, hopefully the dev has more in store for us in the future."
,Not Recommended,580200,33725931,Posted: 22 July,all,deckweiss76,"In general I'd say it is an interesting game, though I was not able to play it much.The camera controls are making me insane.Mouse movement is weirdly inconsistent. I expect to turn ingame for a set degree if i move my mouse by a set ammount of cm on the table. But it is weirdly unproportional. Turned smoothness off, raw input. Sinsitivity was extremely high. One small movement made me turn 360°. Turned sensitivit waaaay down, small movement still turns me unusually far. BUT then I noticed that mouse speed is what determines turn. When I move my mouse VERY slowly, the turn is alright. But then I am moving it by millimeters. When I move it in my usual speed, the turn is too fast and unprecise, but the quicker I move the mouse, by a large ammount of cm on my table, the slower I turn. WHAT THE HELL IS THAT.Also I absolutely hate it to have the character so close up my screen. I hate this camera angle and I want to zoom out. But there is no way to.Thinking about refunding it. Just because these minor issues really make me rage in front of my pc. Dark souls didn't make me rage in that way.I mean yes, probably I could sit down for 10 hours and get used to it. But why should I get used to what for me is utterly frustrating, when there are ways to design the controls in a better way, or at least give enough options, so that people can customize them.If there is ANY way o fix this, please let me know. So far I haven't found any thread about that, which is weird considering how alienated the controls felt in comparison to any other rpg I have."
,Recommended,580200,33643994,Posted: 18 July,all,tehjabberwock10,"If you want a fun and relaxing experience, this is for you. As far as I've played, there's no dying, no fighting, and no stress. It's lots of exploration, gathering, talking to villagers, completing tasks, and befriending animals. I've barely begun to get into expanding my farm and collecting more animals, but the mechanics have been relatively easy so far. I am enjoying having something to play in between rounds of Overwatch and Friday the 13th when I just need to relax. :)"
,Recommended,580200,33704984,Posted: 21 July,all,ND,"Played for about 6 hours the first day and probably got just under half way through the quests, but there's a lot more to do besides that (I opened 3 farms, but only put buildings on one of them, for example). I like the peaceful quality and the variety of things to do. I loved the visuals and the changing seasons/weather. Very nice ambiance and was a pleasure to run around. ZERO stress in this game, but still engaging. If I could put one thing on a wishlist it would be that I could set a marker on a map and then set my light-thing to point to it as it does for quests. Sometimes I know what I want to get (and where it is), but with the windy paths, it's easy to get turned around and not end up where I wanted to be."
,Recommended,580200,33685969,Posted: 20 July,all,Badger5000,This was a very nice and enjoyable game. It has very charming graphics and a very charming world. The only problem I have with the game is that it was very short in my opinion.
76561198089841883,Recommended,580200,33723437,Posted: 22 July,all,嗨浣熊,"Really fun, relaxing game. But I feel like they missed a HUGE oppurtunity by not putting combat in. Imagine a Stardew Valley like mine/dungeon where you could go in and get materials and there'd be basic mobs there to try and kill you or, creatures would try to attack your farm and you'd have to fend them off. I don't know, still a really good game nonetheless"
76561198047865422,Not Recommended,580200,33735046,Posted: 22 July,all,Winged Shade,Not worth the price. Barely got through 2 hours before getting bored and quitting.
,Recommended,580200,33644358,Posted: 18 July,all,Sleepy Sheepy,"imagine stardew valley in the universe of legend of zelda breath of the wildI mean its got farming, mining, animals, characters, quests, story, trade, economy, carpentry, woodcutting, rock smashing.I cant even review this game its god damn adorable, fun, and one of the most creative ideas I have ever seenHonestly I did not know I wanted this game, but when I started playing it, my entire mind just exploded with this new world.this game is the perfect relaxing game, thank you for making this, and whoever drew this game, your a ♥♥♥♥ing genie."
76561198061633535,Recommended,580200,33626955,Posted: 18 July,all,kidbatJT,"Fun, exciting, and a good way to pass time. Certainly worth the money."
,Recommended,580200,33626033,Posted: 18 July,all,NuclearSugar,This game lets me live my dream as a crazy cat lady.10/10 Would collect cats again.
76561198050339633,Recommended,580200,35116180,Posted: 21 September,all,rruby,"Such a beautiful, pleasant game! I loved wandering with my fox, collecting kitties and feeding spring pigs. The main story isn't very long, in fact I somehow made it to the main story ending without opening up one of the guilds. However, I highly recommend this game if you like exploring soothing landscapes with changing seasons, adorable animals, simple crafting and farming."
,Recommended,580200,34498240,Posted: 25 August,all,taylorindi,best game ever but it is to hard to tame the animals and it wont follow me harf way home i dont recommend this game if you are not patient with the animals and to glichy please fix it soon i like the game though
76561198031903307,Recommended,580200,34850772,Posted: 9 September,all,Pha cops,"Very pleasant to have a game with no combat whatsoever and with so much to do.The farm work could certainly do with more interest, but that's a vantage derived from the greatness of Stardew Valley, most likely.Only 2 complaints:1) The troll island was adolescent, at best, and somewhat lost a moral high ground it may have otherwise had if it had simply been what it is without any acknowledgement of those criticisms whatsoever- a.)  To be succinct - Broke the 4th wall in a bad way, and degraded the image of the game a bit for me2) The story ending was too predictable and lacked any sense of triumph or fanfare"
76561197967356415,Recommended,580200,35046262,Posted: 18 September,all,Caspian,"Really beautiful game. Had a lot of fun playing it.After completing it i felt this game could have been so much more then it is.I really miss the re-playabillity and some sandbox aspects. After finishing this, your likly to never play it again, and that's sad. A game like this should have more re-playabillity. Like building stuff, houses, towns, have more places to explore, and a system for progressing longer and have more content spread over a longer periode of time. Would be nice if they implement more content, and also make it alittle more challenging.What about some combat-stuff aswell. Would'nt hurt.I'll give this game a  6/10"
76561198160381217,Recommended,580200,33719855,Posted: 22 July,all,I'm watching gay porn,"Just give it a try and explore this stunning and fascinating world. Even I've played such fallout and GTA games, I still be attracted to this gorgeous lovely world. Trust me, you will love it!"
76561198158513884,Recommended,580200,33733136,Posted: 22 July,all,MulletOnFire,"Fun, pleasant little game."
76561198113045242,Recommended,580200,33737862,Posted: 22 July,all,Kilah,"I've read the reviews about this game, so I definetly knew what to expect. Nevertheless I am suprised about how sweet everything is. It is really great for a sleepy sunday morning and made me smile almost non stop. I'm glad I bought it and hope, it will develop just great."
76561198040368617,Recommended,580200,33780221,Posted: 24 July,all,grauntgront,"Wonderful! Its so relaxing to explore the world, the crafting and character customization is fun, and there are a few easter eggs to find too. It is a very easy game, no challenge to be found, and quests are exclusivly fetch quests. But despite that  I sill think this game is a beautifully chill experience that I highly recomend."
76561198139100755,Recommended,580200,33784249,Posted: 25 July,all,sera,This is such an adorable game. I am also pleased that you don't have to kill anything to do the crafting and such so this is a great game for adults and children alike. The graphics are fantastic game play is smooth I have not noticed any bugs so far myself while playing it. If you love crafting games and exploring areas this game is a definate thumbs up in my opinion.
76561197970739839,Recommended,580200,34395536,Posted: 21 August,all,Famine,"This is a fun game. I did have to lower graphics a bit and lower mouse sensitivity to get the controls responding properly first. the main quest took me about 13 hours, with a couple of quests and cat and sprite hunting left to do. and lots more seeds needed to plant trees with.biggest problem for me in this game is fishing, which is far too vital to crafting to ignore, but also kind of annoying to do with its minigame. second biggest problem is the long walks across the island, even with the sage stones active. it can be easy to get lost.This game has several specific tasks outside of the obvious main quest to stop the Murk. you collect cats (including a quest to return 55 cats to one cat lady), plant trees (with message whenever you plant or chop a tree of how many remain for the zone), find sprites (most you need for murk is 16, i have over 20 and am still looking), and... you can build and decorate farms, which can be very resource intensive but also has the highest return on investment.player inventory is limited, farm inventory (shared between all farms) is truely massive. however a farm has limited spaces for outputs, and without a farmhand the poo will pile up from animals. trees produce 3 outputs without chopping. gardens produce up to 4 outputs (potatoe, blueberry, red berry, and herb). animals produce 1 or more outputs, but are geographically limited (and a looong walk to get elsewhere). therefore it is best to build farms to best use the enviroment. i found once i built and placed the cheese and butter makers, all milk was made into these so no milk was output.the economy for this game is broken. farm produce such as potatoes is worth 50 each, and stacks to 50 in 1 inventory space. 2500 per stack, and easy to get from a farm with just one farm plot. at one town, this will but you 5 old coins. elsewhere, it will let you fill the trade box quickly. so once you have a farm and keep an eye on your inventory, a lot of things are easier to trade for instead of making yourself. some placers have a +% or -% to costs, which has too small an overall effect to matter except when they make things very very cheap.overall, i would say that if you enjoy exploration and crafting, then this is a fun game to get. no combat, no death, and the worst thing that can happen to you is a full inventory or getting lost for a bit (you have a map, so you cant get that lost)."
,Recommended,580200,33744390,Posted: 23 July,all,carolmertz,"This is a really lovely, relaxing, and rewarding game. It gives an opportunity to explore, quest, discover, and create without the looming threat of violence or combat. It's not meant to be a challenge; it's an escape. It's Zelda for people who don't enjoy fighting. It's Animal Crossing for people who want a more expansive world. It's Harvest Moon for people who want to explore. It's fun."
,Recommended,580200,33757328,Posted: 23 July,all,=GzR=Halenio,"First and Foremost Should you buy this game? Meh maybe, 6 out of 10.Lets jump into it. After you spend 10 hours of walking around, picking stuff up and hitting things with various tools. You are either at the end of the game or near it. While it has a wonderful soundtrack and a cute art style. The controls are a bit wonky and jumping is....wierd. That said though. This game feels like it was made for children to pre teens. With its ZERO violence and emphasis on styling yourself aka fashion. I could see it for that age range. I myself have completed the games main story line and could spend a few more hours finishing it outright. Though I have other games to play. All in all though. I would say its a good (short) game with a good story. Could use some dlc in the future. Though for now I would recommend it if you are more of a casual gamer."
,Recommended,580200,33770515,Posted: 24 July,all,sparrowskit,"This is a game where you run around and find things.  You can craft other things with the stuff you find, or you can just trade for them.  You can explore. You can fish.  But mostly, you're trying to find all the things.  If you're a collector/completionist, then this game is good for some casual fun.  The style is whimsical; the music is good.  The controls are wonky if you're using a keyboard and mouse.  There is no survival aspect whatsoever, the main questline is short, and the few optional puzzle parts are really simple.  It would be easy to complain about what the game is not, but what there is -- is good.  You can customize your character. You can have multiple farms where you collect all of the animals, and you can recruit farmhands to do all the work for you.   I really like trade system - there's no currency to be exploited; you must trade things of equal value.  Is it easy? Yes.  Is it boring?  No!  There are a LOT of things to find, and that alone makes this game worth checking out."
76561198037350870,Recommended,580200,33818451,Posted: 26 July,all,Luna,"I love this game and can't wait for more content.If you love Animal Crossing etc, this is the game for you. There is no combat. The game involves:ExploringQuestsCraftingBuilding farmsCollectingSweet storyFantastic visualsSeasonal map effects (lakes dry up in Summer, freeze in Winter etc)Day and nightClothing/accessories for your character (you create a male or female)Lots of catsRelaxing musicHumorous dialogueItems spawn and change back with traders each day. I don't understand the negative reviews!Buy it!!"
,Not Recommended,580200,33647141,Posted: 19 July,all,Bazgrim,"It feels like a really late stage alpha.Pros:- Unique Art Style- Big world- Crafting/RPG-like elementsCons:- Feels undeveloped- World feels empty- No combat system, despite having RPG like elements and an open world zero combat.- Some of the sounds are atrociously high pitched, gave me a headache.- Camera feels really wonky, made me motion sick. (Yes, I changed it to the raw-input option)- Obviously developed with console in mind. The PC controls are pretty horrid and the UI is centered around a controller.- Limited character creation (What you see in the video, that's your character. Maybe a change in color)- The farms really lack customization as well.- Boring quests (Go gather, craft, return) No defined lore other than the main story arc, characters feel uninspired.I wouldn't pay more than $10 for the game in it's current state.This is one of those games that would've done great in early access in its current state to raise more money for development, but there's not enough customization and depth to justify a $25 price tag. Game heavily reminds me of portal knights, but with an open world, which was what I was more so hoping for, but ultimately was a big let down.I'm a firm believer for every dollar you charge, the player should get an hour minimum of gameplay. That's why I recommend paying no more than $10 for this game. You will most likely get bored and finish the game at 10 hours.There are only 2 developers on this game, what they've done is a good foundation, but it just feels like they had bigger plans for the game and then just kind of gave up and released in its current state."
,Not Recommended,580200,33679012,Posted: 20 July,all,Driakos,"Wide as the sea, deep as a puddle.  Nice engine / look.  Not fun. {yet?}  Potential if all the game systems are amped up and fleshed out.  Right now, not a lot of meaningful choices, or things to master.  Just some points in immersion."
76561198077297773,Recommended,580200,33702317,Posted: 21 July,all,GasTheFanz,"A lot of non-violent exploring, crafting and relaxing fun! Devs are full on attentive to the community and have been doing a great job listening as well as fixing and taking in suggestions for the game. New content and expansion is soon to come, so its only going to get better with time!  Its not for everyone, but for those looking to just relax and do some quests, craft, tame, farm and explore, then this might be for you. Can be comparable to Stardew Valley but a lighter version of it, atm. Looking forward to what awaits for Yonder!"
,Recommended,580200,33714970,Posted: 22 July,all,Heartstrings,"Simply put; an absolutely lovely game with a pretty art style that is reminiscent of LoZ: Breath of the Wild.Pros:- Lovely soundtrack- Amazing art style and graphics- Sprites and Animal variations are interesting and unique- Interesting gibberish sounds from the NPCs despite no voice-acting- Sufficient character customization that comes later on in the game via crafting or trading- The barter system is really easy and simplistic - so it's not really anything to complain about.- The map is quite huge!- There are fast travel points via Sage Stones (which you unlock via mini-quests after visiting the region on the map). Great to have this!Cons;- I would love to have the trailer's voice acting in the game intro; the voice was quite soothing.- Many of the quests are fetch quests. I don't mind personally, as walking around the map is soothing with the art and soundtrack. But some people might not enjoy the process.- Some people may find the main story short; but personally I think it's a good length at about 4-6 hours depending on your play speed. The side quests, guild mastery and farming portions of the game have plenty to keep you busy afterwards anyway!"
,Recommended,580200,33766061,Posted: 24 July,all,Fen,"Really fun, a bit simple but worth the money. Devs working hard even still on more content (thumbsup)"
76561198072549198,Recommended,580200,33773091,Posted: 24 July,all,KurlZ,"This game is very enjoyable honestly. The only problem i had was trying to focus on the side quest as i was doing the main story, it feel as if you really have no need to do most of them (beside from quest to earn sprites.)  but by not doing the side quest the story mode is very simple and quick. I love the game though overall it is a beautiful game, almost has a Windwaker feel to it. If you enjoy games like animal crossing you would probably enjoy this game. Especially when the game is fully complete!Right now in beta i give Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles a     ----------8/10----------"
76561198171442573,Recommended,580200,33796709,Posted: 25 July,all,Hasani Furuh,"I love the game, the graphics, scenery. But there is one thing that is lacking, it's too peacefu, I wish there will be a fighting like in rune factory, and also for us to be able to get inside the houses, to feel more the npc. I understand the game is new, but I do hope in time they will add more content in the game. To make the players feel the world is alive and npc as well. Anyways good job developer."
,Recommended,580200,33822446,Posted: 26 July,all,Shark,"Let me start off by saying that this game isn't for everyone. Just like Call of Duty isn't for everyone. It's a lovely game even though it needs a little more depth to it. I haven't played the whole game yet but I've played a good 3 hours. This isn't a fighting game. It's more of a pacifist aproach to adventure. I think it works great. It's fun an easily can have hours sunk in to it. One thing i would like to see put in to it is bird catching unless that's already in. Or being able to make your own house. Like if the set up was the same as the farm, collecting bits and pieces and connecting them to make a house. I would also like to see some sort of transportation. Maybe a bike with a basket in front for your companion. To balance it you could make the tires recraftable because they would get worn. Also not making the bike too fast. Besides that though I'm in love with this game. A little rough around the edges, but nothing a dedicated dev team can't fix."
,Recommended,580200,34054742,Posted: 6 August,all,Kotori,"This game.In the first moments it takes your breath away, you sit there revelling in the beauty of it.You find yourself wondering how you'll ever see everything there is to see on the island; so many paths to take and things to discover.It brings back memories and emotions of the best moments of your life, presenting you with a nostalgic feeling.You find amusement in the humor and appreciate the small details.You think to yourself, ""this is a masterpiece, it won't get old"".But I'm sorry to say, it does.The charm wears off somehow, the once eager hikes turn in to seemingly endless journeys which you wish you didn't have to take.Completing the quests ends up feeling like a chore and you ask yourself, ""why?"".Now, I'm not saying this is a bad game. It's a very delightful game, but it lacks content.That problem will not last long though, as the devs are actively working on adding more content.Pros:Cats. Lots of cats.The absolutely beautiful landscapes.The level of detail, such as the backpack jangling and the character shivering in winter.Awesome devs that care about the community and listen to suggestions.Customizable character, clothing, hair etc.A lot of places to explore.Being able to ""adopt"" the wild animals and take them on journeys with you.I like how it uses a trading system instead of plain ol' money, it gives the exchange more meaning.The relaxing vibe and not having to kill anything. The only way you can ""die"" is by drowning.+ I really love the Arbre Ridge area and climbing Numino Peak to watch the sun rise.Cons:There is A LOT of walking from one place to another to get the items for the quests. I mean many, many hours of walking.This is most likely just a personal con, but when you're trying to jump up something and you can't, instead of staying where you were, your character jumps backwards. Not good when climbing cliffs.The pet which you have following you disappears sometimes, however that can probably be fixed.Farming doesn't seem very deep, you craft / trade for a plot and then plant what you want in it, come back later and your plants are grown.I was really hyped for this game for months, and in the end I don't regret buying it. I enjoyed the experience and look forward to seeing what happens with it in the future. Get it if you enjoy walking around pretty environments or wait a while if you want a more ""full"" game."
76561198069456510,Recommended,580200,33702481,Posted: 21 July,all,tel151,"Excellent game, very relaxing with beautiful scenery."
76561198037517236,Recommended,580200,33654770,Posted: 19 July,all,The Minted Lady,"Enchanting. Charming. Super cute. From the first appearance of a fluffy-looking field animal, I found myself in love with the game. That fuzzy feeling inside only grew as more interesting things revealed themselves. As a player, you customize a character and send them into this world to explore and help the local communities. There are farms to take care of, but you can hire farmhands to take care of them while you're out adventuring. Just make sure you stop by every once in a while to collect, like a good landlord.Controls took some getting used to but you can configure things. There are a few bugs--the only one I've run into is the mouse cursor turning into a black square when it sits idle for long enough. It's not too bothersome, though, and the developers are aware of it/working on it. Trading is also a bit confusing. I've only tried it a few times, but it doesn't seem like you earn money; seems like you just trade items of different values.Still, with the uplifting music and jaunty animations, I find myself charmed by this game. It is non-combat, so don't expect to be stabbing anything or facing any tough bosses. That being said, I recommend it for casual gamers of all ages."
,Not Recommended,580200,35034365,Posted: 17 September,all,BARACK OBAMA,Relaxing but not quite enough going on to be worth playing
76561197965047635,Not Recommended,580200,34704350,Posted: 3 September,all,Twitch,"I mean.... The trailer seems pretty overly dramatic for this game... I mean really. It is way too dramatic for what you are getting.If you get it, buy it on sale. The content really isnt thereI spent a total of 30 seconds making my character. The options are limited, but that isnt the reason. The reason is because of the creepy high pitched castrato singing thats being screamed at you during character creation... Seriously, did someones girlfriend or boyfriend just want to be able to say ""Hey, im in that game"" or something? Its terrible. It makes me want to slit my throat and listen to the death gurgles of my own body in place of the horrible sounds coming out of this game. - I know thats being overly dramatic, but its very uncomfortable to listen to.As far as character creation goes, no matter what you do, you are ugly as balls. Do not expect anything out of this. I am serious, you are fugly and nothing is going to make it better. It feels like you are in a knockoff Lego game, without the legos, just the fugly characters, beasts, and buildings... As far as building goes, you do not build like legos. Do not confuse this. it just looks like terrible Lego stuff.Oh, and what the hell is the point of me selecting my characters starter hair color when you have shampoos that change it for you anyway? Hell, it doesnt even warn you. Well, I guess my hairs purple now. Doesn't matter, im still ugly as hell.The camera is weird. Turning feels awkward and disconnected.The music is weird. Its upbeat, but feels out of place.  The quest dialogue is boring. The quests are boring. Collecting materials is boring.I dunno, man. This just was not my thing. The price doesn't seem like its right for what you are getting either. Like I said, get it on sale if you get it.And prepare to be ugly, stay ugly, and get high pitched sang at loudly.On a positive note, atleast they update often.* I originally thought this game was in EA... it isn't. That was my mistake. However,  It kind of makes the whole experience worse to me.. Ignorance was bliss. The game just feels very early access."
,Not Recommended,580200,33708950,Posted: 21 July,all,siegaplays,"This game is cute and adorable, and I wish, I could play it some more.I had to give up on playing it after 25 minutes, since it turned out to be the kind of game I get extreme motion sickness from. So if you tend to get motion sick from mostly FPS games after a couple of minutes, this may end up being not the game for you either. In that case, I would not recommend buying it. I would otherwise have loved to play it a bit longer."
,Recommended,580200,33708514,Posted: 21 July,all,Roni,"IT'S NOT STARDEW VALLEY PLEASE DON'T COMPARE IT TO STARDEW VALLEY IT'S NOT LIKE STARDEW VALLEYDid we get that out of the way? Good.So, now I'm going to say why this game is, in fact, a bit like Stardew Valley.It's relaxing. It's got a very calming soundtrack. It gets me in a similar mindset Stardew Valley does - no hurry to do anything, just turn off half of your brain and let things happen.That's it, really. If we were to compare this to other games, I'd say it's Animal Crossing meets walking simulators meets a ""to-do"" list.In this game, you are a shipwrecked traveller, starting your journey on a coast of a beautiful new land. Your task is to explore it, find the lost spirits who will then help you clean it of the nasty purple goo that's appeared due to a past catastrophe. You go from town to town, do simple quests in the vein of ""bring me x"" and ""take this to y"". You can do some trading and repair farms dotting the landscape, you can fish, but mostly you will just wander around appreciating the views and collecting everything you can get your hands on.And there are some really great views to appreciate - if anything, this game deserves applause for it's visual style. The landscape is amazingly varied and colorful, each season brings with it new weather effects and changes the 'feel' of the land completely. It's probably one of the most visually appealing games I've played. The music is nice too - perhaps not something you'd listen to outside of the game, but it goes well with what's happening on the screen.So, in conclusion, if you are expecting deep, challenging gameplay, farming or advanced crafting and questing systems... don't bother. You will be disappointed. But if all you want is to relax in a peaceful world for a few hours and you enjoy ticking things to do off a list, give it a go! There are sights to see, cats to rescue and an island to save.PS: if you want something like this but with more RPG elements, some combat and arguably more depth, Fantasy Life for Nintendo 3DS says hello."
,Not Recommended,580200,33728027,Posted: 22 July,all,gbromios,just another generic indy crafting game. Low quality visuals with overdone bloom... already asked for a refund. Very disappointing.
76561198061695718,Recommended,580200,33689626,Posted: 20 July,all,Osteven21,great game
76561198401877116,Recommended,580200,33660654,Posted: 19 July,all,4kbusinessrequests,"Excellent game, relaxing and peaceful with a strong enough story element to keep you invested in bringing the world back to it's former glory. I'm addicted."
,Recommended,580200,33709448,Posted: 21 July,all,Chrisdovah,SO LOVELY
76561198016887995,Recommended,580200,33679943,Posted: 20 July,all,Grimrall,"i bought this game expecting to refund it, but i cant the little time i have played really drew me in. This game feels like a dark cloud game if any of you remember that game so far very enjoyable thank you devs."
76561198072893553,Recommended,580200,33660804,Posted: 19 July,all,Monkey,"This is a vey cute, relaxing game that is easy for anyone to get into and spend a little bit finishing quests or exploring new areas. There aren't many negatives, but some things that could be improved on are the controls with a keyboard and adding some more quick-travel options.When you use a keyboard -if you don't have a controller or prefer WASD- the controlling of your character is very slow and awkward where it shouldn't have to be. If you could turn with your mouse rather than A and D or it was aligned to work that way, it would be much better.The world is huge and beautiful and there's a lot to see and explore, which is great! But the game could benefit with some more fast travel options, maybe like farm to farm rather just from shrine to shrine. Your character does run pretty fast and the distance you travel doesn't seem like much, but it does get a little tiring.Overall this is a very nice relaxing game, I wouldn't compare it to stardew valley or animal crossing or any other game, because not only does that mark them down, but it doesn't do this game justice. It is original and fun, but if I had to compare it to anything, I would say cartoon skyrim more than anything as the quest style and story progression style all kind of match that. (No draugers, or any kind of combat for that matter, though) Give it a try if you want a peaceful and pretty game to spend time on."
76561198247142678,Recommended,580200,33631642,Posted: 18 July,all,EL PATRIOT,The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time met Astroneer and had a baby in Stardew Valley.10/10
76561198070260965,Not Recommended,580200,33962846,Posted: 1 August,all,LarkaFell,"Let's see...The game is cute and has a lot of potential, but it isn't expend on The graphic are simple but nice to look at. The music is bland but it can still pass. Frankly I prefer Ori and the blind forest style, where you feel the mood and atmosphere with it.The story is a chore... what do I mean well after about two are three step in the main quest I completly ignore it. Because it was so empty. The sidequest are numerous but don't help or suport the main quest, they can be complet by pruchassing the item needed or the quest giver give you the mean to complet it on the spot. ­(¬_¬ Really!) Where's the difficulty in all this, the hard work of crafting or finding recepy and ressource. You need each class of crafting except chef... You don't need to eat and to hire helper for your farm you can just give fish or potato or fruit. And then again just trade for what you need.Next farming... Well I would not call that farming... just go play Stardew Valley, Rune Factory or Harvest Moon. I mean Stardew Valley was created buy one person and the story is WAY better. First you don't have a large farm but many little one and most are out of the way. Then you have the utility on the farm, one shed for one animal big or small. 4X4 and your farm is about 17X15 not much place there. You don't need to tame your animal once they've follow you in your farm because you've given them one measly ingredient and you adpot them, they're your undying friend for life. Planting is easy berry and potato seed. Plant the nine space and voila berry and potato till you're sick of it, no one time seed, no watering. Just pass once in a while to pick up the farm production and let the helper keep your farm clean.After that the map... oooooohhhh the map. WTF! I can get head on it. I'm lost most of the time. Going it cercle never finding a path and when I do well the next time I try it's all from the start again. There is no clear path anywhere. The statue are a good way to quick travel but a bit lost and not near a town are even your little farms. No indication except the statue the murk and the place where you complet a quest or there is a quest to do. I pain...Encyclopedia.... Well okay so what is an herb fox... A fox that eat plant and live in the plain.... (¬_¬ Really!) I give him plant and he is happy and I found him in the plain... What's next! No imagination on that front. It is the same for fish and spirit.The back pack.... Yeeeaaahh, NOT! It is a mess! I can sort anything. I can't upgrade it and I always realise that I don't have space when I finally found a town but I can have quest or make exchange because my backpack has no more space.The clothes, okay great I can change. So I'm in short with sandale and a top in the glacier zone.... I'm not even freezing. What's the point of clothes then.I think I'll stop there. I pay 30$ for a game that does not meating my expectation. For the same price are even lower Ori or Stardew was better."
,Recommended,580200,34132771,Posted: 9 August,all,Milotic ☘,"It's like a Lego set ages 6 and up, but you're 30 and you still enjoy building it.A refreshing take on the Animal Crossing-like genre, simple in it's design, but ""clean"" and optimized. If you can, buy it on sale but $25 is a good price bracket for about 20-40 hours of gameplay to collect everything depending how casual you play it.Things to note:- No combat at all, no health/stamina bar- No currency system, you trade everything- No true-tutorial, you'll need to learn professions to get the basic recipes- Movement system is a little haphazard but works well with the casuality of the game- Pretty repetetive and basic, but fullfills the desire to ""collect"" things- Small backpack space and no way to upgrade it- Lots of ways to customize your character, though simple in design"
76561198413205671,Recommended,580200,34786927,Posted: 6 September,all,leroyrachelle,"I am loving this care-free game! Great for completionist.  I am having a problem, Violet the jokester is not popping up anymore and I am no where close to finding her perfect joke.  Please work on this bug being fixed. Another bug is when ive become and master and each time I speak to the guildmaster, they keep giving me a master patch & congratulating me (tailor,cooking, and perhaps another...)"
,Not Recommended,580200,33883228,Posted: 29 July,all,PuddinPop,"Pros:-The world is quite cuteCons:-As a 3D game artist, I literally cannot deal with the character models.-The people and creatures seem so lazily modeled compared to the environment.-Absolutely 0 challenge."
,Recommended,580200,34379481,Posted: 20 August,all,TheTimeCube,"Relaxing game, scratches a similiar itch that Animal Crossing does. I think it is best played in small sessions (<1 hour), but is something to look forward to after a stressful day."
76561198031036324,Recommended,580200,33657621,Posted: 19 July,all,Tremorchrist,"No idea where all the hate is coming from. This game is easily one of the most relaxing, laid back, fun adventure/open world games ive ever played the ambient sounds are great, the animals, nature, and the sleepy feel to it all. The quests are really fun and your always left with a sense of.....whats around this corner.....As far as getting lost....i dont see how its very easy to remember/find youre way. To sum it up i find mostly pros.......from the crafting to the questing....to the farming,fishing.....game has it all and great music.....only con so far is i feel like im close to being finished at least with the quests and story......Great work guys i hope you add more and if not thats fine too great game well worth the money!!!!!!"
,Recommended,580200,33665550,Posted: 19 July,all,Al,"Time to create a review.First off I'll list pros and cons.-PROS-1.Great graphics2. Well optimized3.Quests that keep you interested4.Quite a bit of content-CONS-1.Short campaign2.Farm management is a little strangeThis game immediently got me obsessed and I played nonstop the first whole day that I purchased it. I enjoy simply walking around the beautiful world and seeing all it has to offer. I've seen lots of people complain that the world is 'empty' which I just find completely ridiculous. Obviously in a casual game there isn't going to be tons of action, and the world has plenty of things to see, you aren't suppose to be under constant action or combat. This is a game that I definently am going to play until I get 100% and I reccomend it to anyone who enjoys games like BOTW and Stardew Valley."
,Recommended,580200,33703767,Posted: 21 July,all,AntonioOne,"I definitely recomend this game. This is one of the cuttest and the most adorable games I've ever played. The game was developed by a small team of people who saw the idea of peacefull adventure and they made it true very well. Thank you for this product of your work,"
,Recommended,580200,34372076,Posted: 20 August,all,Uranox,Gorgeous island setting. Extremely accessible for a game with hundred of crafting recipes. The island and its wildlife truly feel like a living world.This is an extremely beautiful and relaxing game for all ages.
76561198053791074,Recommended,580200,33747442,Posted: 23 July,all,marydmoomey,"I just loved this game. It was easy to follow and fun. The animals were so cute and I loved exploring, crafting and building my farms. The only drawback was that some materials that were used a lot (i.e. mortar) were not easy to get and you had to trek back and forth. Yet other materials like wood and stone were very easy to get. All in all, it was well worth the cost and it was very enjoyable. I definitely would recommend this game."
76561198056266852,Recommended,580200,33838602,Posted: 27 July,all,Whisper Draston,"This game has a very cute atomosphere, even though there is a sense of dread it always feels light hearted and warm. Everything is vibrant and nice to look at, I think people should give this game a look if you like adventure games. This game doesn't have combat but, it doesn't take away from the fun.Def. recommend."
,Recommended,580200,34589378,Posted: 29 August,all,Wario,9.69/10
76561198067060070,Recommended,580200,34909389,Posted: 12 September,all,Chacha,"I wished there were more games like this.It is pretty, casual, you will get a load of exploring and crafting to do and it runs smoothly.There is no combat and you can not die, you can only get terribly lost, so I would say it is child safe.If you are looking for thrills with blood this may not be the game for you.It is a pretty world and a nice story, it has crafting with a load of recipies, gentle creatures which you can put in a small farm.Do check out Troll island !"
,Recommended,580200,33756964,Posted: 23 July,all,{TOL} Dijasom,"When i started the game my one issue, was the camera, it was too slow. found that they had an option to give Raw mouse feedback, man i love this.Next gripe, i was kinda annoyed that they did not have a controls menu displaying all available buttons, i accepted it and moved on,  so far i have spent 13 hours in this game enjoying myself, nothing thus far has aggitated me since those two gripes, the gameplay is very well balanced, a bit easy, but given this game is playable for both Adults AND Chilrdren it's more than acceptable. i have gotten near the end and started completing all available side quests, and so far have found a good number of easter eggs, and am greatly enjoying myself.Game is kind of like a Pixar movie, in that it has something for all ages.On the final island, so far, up to this point, all has been great fun. its like playing Zelda: ocarina of time, but less complicated, and no combat.if you don't mind gather quests, and a wonderfuly created world with no combat, just quests to drive a story, and a fun exploration, this will be right up your alley."
,Recommended,580200,33812123,Posted: 26 July,all,Captain Rez,"This is a wonderful exploration game. One that the thought of dying doesn't even apply. Just go around collecting supplies  building on the farm, craft items, gather items. While enjoying the beautiful scenery. It was a pleasure to play. Yes this game is a major fetch quest but the scenery makes the exploration a joy. Very relaxing game."
76561198009867858,Recommended,580200,33718285,Posted: 22 July,all,Walker,"When I was looking for a game, inadvertently found this one let my eyes light up.After some investigation..I find out this is a game without a fighting system.Let me feel a bit sad ,But I still decided to buy and feel it.Gemea world is very beautiful. Some places let me feel stay in a fairytale.I was very excited when I explore the world for beginning.When I join a production guild. Always let me look forward what can I make.Occasionally find a kitten in my travel and then into my arms.I was so excited about the snoring.But some part of the game makes me feel very disappointed.What a pity it can't be...The world is of moderate size. regional ecology is very niceBut you can not be free to explore the beatiful world.You can't swim.I was looking forward at least when game close to end...I can make a boat to sailing at offshore area.When you jump from the height only have a umbrella with you.I also looking forward have something can improve about it.Making things very interesting ,but you still need to go local town.Because only the local shop have those practical stuffs.Everything you can do is roughly all same in each region.And there are about collecting things.It is not entirely bad ,but for example...I like the feeling when I find kittensBut there is a mission because of this?And you need to find all the kittens?This makes me feel upset.I still like the game.Because after all this is the first game of the team.No trick and no lie to customer.So I still give it thumb up."
,Recommended,580200,33719615,Posted: 22 July,all,Mothlord,"Charming, beautiful and engaging!This game is thoroughly enjoyable for anyone who likes open world games with elements of crafting and collecting. There is plenty to do and you'll not find yourself running out of stuff to do. For a small studios first game it looks absolutely beautiful, with a great user friendly interface. And that lends to the immersive experience I believe you are meant to have. The game isn't very large at all, and runs very smoothly!The only real criticisms I have are that character interactions could have been a little more impactful and meaningful with depth. Combat isn't necessary but would certainly add more to the game (maybe in regards to hunting) but for it's Nintendo'esque child friendly style it is tolerable, and I suppose not every game has to have violence as a means to solve problems.There's plenty of room for growth with this IP (I personally can think of many things I would love to see added) and I hope the devs get the resources to add more to the game, if not be able to make a sequel one day! It's definitely a rock solid foundation.In context for what it aims to be, it is very successful and I think it deserves an 8/10. For its price I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,580200,33757425,Posted: 23 July,all,Arriflex,"Never heard of this game before, Bought it base on the esthetic. I'm two hours in and still don't know what the hell i'm doing and this is GREAT!!! i love it, it's very relaxing and the atmosphere is awesome. Nintendo should play this and take notes !!!!  for 20 $ it's and insta buy"
,Recommended,580200,33761798,Posted: 24 July,all,Insomnicron,"A lovely, chill experiance.If you just want to craft some warm clothes and walk though some midnight rain or spend a little time hunting pebbles on a beach, this game is exactly the right experiance for that.The support has also been great with the the few tiny launch bugs getting hammered out really fast."
,Recommended,580200,33784196,Posted: 25 July,all,UltimateWifu,bootyful
,Recommended,580200,33822700,Posted: 26 July,all,Twitchl,"This is a georgous game with cute characters and fun little easter eggs hidden around the world.It can be played by kids or adults although some elements are more geared towards kids and some are more towards adults (in the sense that some of the dialague is ironic or dry humor). This game is difficult to place in either category because it's missing some of the elements that would make it a full fledged kids game and it's missing the fullness needed to keep adults interested.There is decent sized crafting tree with 8 different skill sets and not everything is craftable.Some of the basic ingredients needed to craft basic recipes cannot be accessed until you've mastered other skill trees, but those skill trees require items that can only be accessed by the skill tree you're working on. So in the beginning it's a ton of grinding and slowly jogging around from trader to trader to trade rocks and sticks to eventually food items. By the end there isn't an actual reason to build anything.Hopefully in the future there will be more end-game content and maybe once you've rebuilt the cloud catcher the island could switch to using old kingdom coins as a currency that would allow you to build up currency and be able to buy bigger and better things in bulk (Which means having traders have items in bulk) and be able to grow the island and make it prosper in ways that are visual that include expanding towns and adding characters. Which would help maintain the excitment in the exploring portion of the game. Maybe even rebuild the old kingdom. And buy a house that you could actually see the inside of.There is so much potential in this game and so many different ways the devs could take it, and I think that if the devs could take that wonderful, interest and forward movement that the first half of this game has and bring it to the second half they would have something extremely special and unique.On the more knit-picky note: Would love to have more female hairstyles available that were not in the form pig tails, as well as possibly making the sage stones more conveint- or make a mount for the character. Something thats difficult to adopt, but very useful for travel.I'm looking forward to see what future updates bring (the rebalancing on the last update made a huge difference!)"
,Recommended,580200,33826178,Posted: 27 July,all,LaHulyo,It's more on walking and the story is kinda short but the game is really good. Just try it :D
76561198057558957,Recommended,580200,33767976,Posted: 24 July,all,Handsome Killer Stoat,"This game just looks adorable. So much to explore, funny good dialogs.Also you can find/collect cats. Ever wanted to be a crazy cat lady but can't afforf real cats? This game got it.I give it a 10/10 even tho I am only around 32%."
76561198154804721,Recommended,580200,33768641,Posted: 24 July,all,xxprismatic,"I'm a big fan of exploration, crafting and farming games that doesn't involve combat. So this was an instant buy for me. If you like the same kind of things, than you are in for a treat. Gorgeous graphics, easy controls and a immersive world - it's got it all. The game is NOT flawless though - it involves a lot of walking. Really, A LOT of walking. Some of the searchable objects are hidden in places where you'd never care to look, mainly because you might think the terrain is impassible. This has put me off a few times. I also hoped there would be more to the tailoring craft and character customization than it did - even when mastered. I found a few bugs that were bothersome, so hopefully they will be fixed soon. All in all,  a good amount of things could be added to the game that would make it truly awesome. But still, it's really worth its price in my opinion and I heartily recommend it."
76561198088777588,Recommended,580200,33815455,Posted: 26 July,all,Normies meme machine,"No, this is not stardew valley-ish game, its pretty ♥♥♥♥ing different."
,Recommended,580200,33818098,Posted: 26 July,all,Bambi,I imagine the game is great; but I dont feel comfortable running it on my one GPU because it has no SLI support. Which for a recently released game is a bit naff
,Not Recommended,580200,35282477,Posted: 28 September,all,Aelesia,"This game is beautiful. The critters are cute,everything is bright and pleasing to the eye. That's where it ends for me.The story needs some improvement right from the beginning when you're seeking help and it just says something like ""you were fed and slept."" That's boring to me. Enhance that. This might be a little rude so take it as you will, but this honestly reminds me of a high school student's essay and I'm the mean ole English teacher. Expand on this. Put more detail here. You get the picture.This could just be me but i found turning my character a different direction was not very smooth. That bothered me a lot.Like others have said it seems so empty. I could imagine this being a lot better and honestly I was bored within about 10-20 minutes of playing. I thought I'd give it a chance so I played for longer. I couldn't do it.This would probably be something nice for like idly playing or something but if you're looking for something to really pull you in and get you immersed in the game and story, this is not for you."
76561198051163107,Recommended,580200,33633066,Posted: 18 July,all,[SWinter]AvicSolaris[<<(°v°)>>],"Yonder is a very beatiful game with a stunning open world and lots of secrets and eastereggs to discover. It runs very well even on my dated hardware. All in all it is a very relaxing experience without any combat but great rewards for thorough exploration. The downside to me at least is the story which is rather shallow but still enjoyable. I would recommend it to everyone who likes to relax ocassionally, likes to explore a lot and/or has a soft spot for big fluffy gruffles.Edit: I played through the main questline in about 7 hours, however there's still lots to do and explore for me."
76561197970554803,Recommended,580200,33626483,Posted: 18 July,all,Squatingtiger,"First impressions last apparently and my first impressions are great! I have yet to make a full critique on it though but from what I've played, smooth controlls, framerate isn't heavy for full settings and  the game just flows. As a side point, I had a weird idea of creating my own game company and making games like this, I was going to call it ""Non-violent gaming solutions"". Yeah, I'm a dreamer but there are far too many big AAA games out there which focus more on a market that is saturated with violence, sometimes you need a head check and to come down to something more relaxing and this is definately the alternative.By the by, you must also check out ""My time at Portia"". At the time of this review, it's not out but it's looking like a much more creative alternative to Yonder."
,Recommended,580200,33626495,Posted: 18 July,all,LightDevil,First of all this game gets 9.5/10 and why?Pros :-----------------------------1- Very Relaxing2- beautiful cartoony graphics3- Best taming game4- fluffy groffles <3Cons :-----------------------------1- Movement is little bit weird2- And the trading is little bit weird at firstOverall i really enjoyed the game it has a beautiful design and much work put into it
76561197980372473,Recommended,580200,34473506,Posted: 24 August,all,Mowen,"This game is a gem. Once I got into exploring the island I was totally hooked.Some quick notes about what this game is like:- Focus on exploring the island setting, with a main quest line to take you to all the major points + sidequests- There is no combat in this game, just kick back and relax!- The ""farming"" aspect is very minimal, it's more like figuring out how to tame each animal and building a collection + making a base in each major area. The farms do give you resources but it's not the focus of the game.- Expect some corny jokes and silliness when talking to the island natives, it's a lighthearted game- Lovely stylized art direction throughout the characters, creatures, and environments. The characters and creatures are especially simplified / minimal with a cute style. The environments are a bit more detailed and absolutely stunning (and what you will be looking at most of the time).I haven't felt the need to delve deep into a game like this in a long time, but the world and art is so charming and fun! There's lots of little touches all about the island that feel great to discover, and the completionist will be very pleased as there's a lot of different boxes to check (crafting, animal taming, farming, sidequests, and my favorite - finding all the lost cats!)Personally I just loved relaxing and immersing myself in this vibrant and fun world. Each of the different regions of the island feels very different, and it's fun simply seeing the sights. I found myself going ""ooh, what's this?"" and getting totally sidetracked from what I was supposed to be doing basically all the time. You just go where the wind takes you!I highly recommend this game for anyone that enjoys exploring fun game worlds. The extra RPG stuff like crafting and collecting is definitely fun to me but the game can still be enjoyed without focusing on that much. I've played 19 hrs and pretty much finished the current content (minus the more tedious side quests / completionist stuff... man I really need to find all those cats!!!). So, this is a fun world to explore that isn't going to suck your life away (for too long) like some others in the genre.Please give this game a try! :)"
,Recommended,580200,33749030,Posted: 23 July,all,Jeremiah,"It's a nice and relaxing farming/trading game quiet similar to Star Dew Valley in many aspects. The visuals are gorgeous and nice to look at, the music is fitting and the gameplay is relaxing and so far it doesn't seem to have much of any annoying mechanics some other games make you suffer through. Everything ties together in a neat little package of a pleasant game experience. All they need to add now is multiplayer/CO-OP...*wink wink*"
76561198029585149,Recommended,580200,34472965,Posted: 24 August,all,Lyzard,"I had been watching this game for some time and was STOKED when it was finally released. I tend to debate for a long time before diving in and making the purchase but BOY am I glad I did. This game is BEAUTIFUL, engaging, and just what I wanted it to be! If you like crafting and resource games, this one is for you. It's low key, low stakes, but HIGHLY satisfying for an achiever mindset. You get a task and you check off those little boxes for a sweet reward.It definitely satisfies the completionist side of myself. Can't wait to continue to play and see how the game grows!"
,Recommended,580200,33645556,Posted: 18 July,all,=^_^=,"It's a pretty chill exploration / collection / farming game with some crafting style quests and mechanics. No combat as far as I can tell, so you mostly just wander around and build up the stylzed world while uncovering bits and pieces of story along the way. Good simple clean fun."
,Recommended,580200,33848976,Posted: 27 July,all,Coffee,"I am 76% complete and 16 hours into this game as I write this review, and I've really been enjoying it. Yonder is a simplistic game that's easy to relax to. But, I do feel that Yonder is not for everyone. It's for more of a laid-back exploration geared player, if someone is super goal oriented, doesn't like fetch quests, or needs fighting then I would absolutely not recommend it. There is no violence or death (besides fishing I suppose lol) and all of the quests could probably feel rather tedious or grindy, but I don't mind that in a game so it hasn't bothered me.It's a beautiful game with a very unique style of characters that bothered me at first but I now find endearing, and discovering all the new areas and banishing away the murk with the help of my sprite friends has been very fun for me. With the gorgeous scenery, funny characters, and bright happy colors, Yonder is a great game for someone who wants to stop and smell the flowers! :)"
,Recommended,580200,33845281,Posted: 27 July,all,Epsilon,"Super relaxing game, vibrant world, and its one of the few game where it feels amazing to travel in. You have to walk a ton in the game, but its very fun personally."
76561198325095609,Recommended,580200,33850998,Posted: 28 July,all,DesertDog11,"I watched someone cast this on Mixer and thought it was a sweet game so I purchased it today. I found it adventurous and relaxing. It was a nice change to the regular popular gaming. Puzzles to solve, things to craft, lots of stuff to find and explore. I like the no pressure approach to the quests and the placement of really cool stuff to explore around  where the quests are found. The world has a beautiful landscape. The animals and people add a sweet-cute factor. I love the open world and the ability to move about freely to explore.  I am looking foreword to more adventures."
76561198135968494,Recommended,580200,33637643,Posted: 18 July,all,Harsh45,"Graphics 10/10Performance 10/10Music 10/10Fun Factor 8.5/10Very simplistic gameplay and quests but don't let that hold you back.  It's a very charming ""Zelda Like"" game with a sound track that reminds you of zelda yet again.  Haven't played that much of it yet but definitely worth the 19.99 their asking for.  Was happy to see this on steam,  Thought it was a PS4 exclusive."
76561198262264074,Recommended,580200,34262166,Posted: 15 August,all,E N G L A N D  I S  M Y  C I T Y,"So this is a pretty fun game. The world is incredibly well designed and made (Although the humans look like experiments trying to fuse a human with a LEGO man). Story wise it's fine and there's plenty to explore. But gathering can get a little boring and fishing wasn't easy for me. And where it's a good story it isn't a very long story, but that isn't to much of a bother for me. Funniest part to me is that according to this game you can easily drown in a little creek but a umbrella will save you from cracking your skull by falling of a cliff like you're Mary Poppins. It's just a fun enough game, so I guess you should check it out"
,Recommended,580200,33643405,Posted: 18 July,all,♥ Ciri ♥ (headass),Nice relaxing game to cool off after a match of competitive games would recommend
,Recommended,580200,33643930,Posted: 18 July,all,Svartsjö,"I don't even know what to say about this. I just love it. it's relaxing, engaging, beautiful, and fun"
76561198078726711,Recommended,580200,33753564,Posted: 23 July,all,Panjake,"I personally think the game is fantastic, would love to see a bit more of features though, such as sailing or free building. I think the game could be so much better if they added a more free style like if you could place and build homes and stuff like that excavation would be great with a shovel. The game itself is a beautiful game that aims more to younger players, but overall it's an enjoyable game for all ages because of it's simplistic yet awarding gameplay. Sailing would be a beautiful addition for adding small islands around Gemea, adding more fish in the sea bigger fish harder to catch, and it'd truly feel more like an exploration game while not killing the whole story side of it. However, all of the new ideas aside. I will say that it is a great game and worth the $20 (as of the special promotion) for chilling out and enjoying a beautifully put together world and story. :)"
76561198159545487,Recommended,580200,33630183,Posted: 18 July,all,moose,"Really beautiful, simple but fun gameplay, adorable animals; potentially quite short as it stands but worth the price"
,Recommended,580200,33629494,Posted: 18 July,all,m A R T Y,"Game is fantastic, tons to do, ive seen a few reviews from people not very far in claiming that farming would be a nice addition, just wanted to clear that up, you CAN farm and plant seeds and trees etc you just have to play a bit further than most people have played so far."
,Recommended,580200,34793636,Posted: 7 September,all,SingleLady,Beatiful Game
,Recommended,580200,34806737,Posted: 7 September,all,Vaydyn,"Great game, bright and colorful without being syrupy-sweet.  Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,580200,34670886,Posted: 1 September,all,ChonRevolt,I really like the game so far.Only things I would like added would be settlement building with Farms.And Mounts - Flying and riding.
76561197993819208,Recommended,580200,34653752,Posted: 1 September,all,Hetrix Marshall,This game shows that you have a great sandbox game without combat. It can be done and done well.
,Recommended,580200,33919342,Posted: 30 July,all,eimajunknown,"Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles is a very adorable adventure game! It is a very relaxing, non-combat game centered around a variety of quests that let you fully explore the open world. You can farm, adopt animals, rescue kittens and travel the island with an ever-increasing amount of sidekicks called sprites, which are needed to advance to special areas of the world.  My only complaint is that I wish there were more quests I could complete after reaching 100%!"
,Recommended,580200,33924376,Posted: 31 July,all,♡ Oil Pony ♡,"Loving this!!!!!This game reminds me more of an older Digimon game crossed with Animal Crossing. But throw in more art/style like Secret of the Mana. That is my initial feel for it. Another review said it was like Zelda. Not at all. You don't run around hacking enemies up and getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at puzzles... I am not sure you can even die. The frustration level for me is 0.I have been searching for a FUN game. One that is not challenge on my reflexes or wits. This game fits that need perfectly. I can play without having to put much thought into it, but it isn't mindless like a Harvest Moon type game.Super cute. Beautiful style and enviornments. Really hoping to see VR support (specifically for the Oculus)!Will update review with thoughts on the story once I get into it more.."
76561198326599118,Recommended,580200,33707493,Posted: 21 July,all,Primal,"Relaxing and a fun world to explore. There is not much grinding when it comes to crafting or gathering mats for specific quests. I enjoyed the experience.  You learn what each animal likes to tame them which was fun and there is even comedian looking to make an epic joke, it was intresting to see what she came up with on each new location."
,Recommended,580200,33716680,Posted: 22 July,all,Un-DEAD,"This game is in early state i admit that and at current state it's not very deep.But this game have a lot of segment that can be improved in the future.The best thing is that interactive developers and good communication between devs team and players.So far in this game i love it soo much. very relaxing, and entertaining and very very open world and give me an absolute free will about what im about to do in this game.Much more content in the future that i wish to be implemented in this game and i cannot wait for it.Thank you soo much. Hope the Devs team keep up with the good work and update also very good job on the fixes.Very fast respond."
76561197988562209,Recommended,580200,33717208,Posted: 22 July,all,Laiziras,"Its okay game for what it is, a sandbox chill game with no real goal apart from main quest that can be largely ignored unless youre going for 100%. Most of the side quests are fetch quests which is not good and no real home system is kinda of a bummer but ultimately not really needed considering the gameplay which mostly consists of collecting items to make items to access new places or improve farms that you can build up"
,Recommended,580200,33713341,Posted: 21 July,all,Chenni,"There is a considerable lack of peaceful 3D Harvest Moon-esque farming game on Steam, glad that Yonder fills this gap perfectly.The graphics is so nice and vibrant, it's almost shocking that such beauty can come off from unity engine. The animals are really cute, the mechanics are also easy, and the look on the different biomes is great.The overall pacing and tone of the game is relaxing. No unnecessary fight mechanics (looking at you StarDew Valley). This is a perfect game for both adults and children alike.Thank you Prideful Sloth for bringing us such a wonderful game. =)"
,Not Recommended,580200,35424560,Posted: 2 October,all,Alexis Blackbird,"TLDR: I wanted to love this game. It is beautiful, the things it promises are nice, and I was eager to support games exploring being peaceful & positive. But it just doesn't live up to its ideas and what it does have feels hollow. Worse, the game obfuscates how little there is to it by locking core features behind exploration. There is very little you can craft (and even less that actually has any use), and most of it is far more easily acquired by purchasing it, since acquiring resources is unintuitive, and many recipes require purchase-only items anyways. There is very little you can do with your farms. They can get you a reliable source of various crafting materials, but most of them seem to require a production chain to be useful, and for what little I could see available for crafting, there just wasn't a point to producing that much of any one resource other than to trade for items you actually want.The tutorial dives you straight in to exploration, as you need to find a certain number of fairies to progress, but this ended up feeling frustrating as there isn't really any obvious way to find them - you kinda just stumble upon them - which is fine later, but when it is blocking unlocking the key features it was frustrating. But after getting my farm and realizing there wasn't really much I could do with it, I decided to try unlocking the crafting disciplines so I could try improving it. The way they are unlocked is by finding masters of the discipline, scattered about the world in towns. I decided I would try getting those before settling in to a more relaxed pace of play so I could at least know what I could make. In the less than four hours I played the game. Along the way I did a couple cute quests, but to be honest all of the characters in the game feel more like charicatures who say a few things, and without any meaningful interaction. I managed to find all the crafting trainers, and in the process explore basically the entire island. Perhaps if I hadn't been trying to get the basics unlocked I could have enjoyed the exploration more, but I found everything a bit dull, and after getting the last crafting discipline kinda just didn't feel like retracing my footsteps for a proper look-around. Looking at the recipes I'd unlocked, little of it was useful, less of it was stuff I could actually make on my own without needing to buy something, and none of it was compelling.Realizing I had rushed through the little content there was trying to see what I could actually do and feeling like none of it was worth bothering for anymore kinda shattered what little bit of joy there was in the cuteness and promise of the world. So I put it down for a bit hoping I would come back to it, but I never did. In the end I managed to play long enough to cross the refund threshold, but ended up more dissapointed than anything after seeing what it had to offer.At least the fishing mini-game is kinda fun?"
,Recommended,580200,35290473,Posted: 29 September,all,The Black Rabbit of Inlé,11/10 basically skyrim except you can make lamingtons
,Not Recommended,580200,34150664,Posted: 10 August,all,Cerus,"Visually appealing, but the controls were irritating and nothing about the gameplay compelled me to bother starting the game a second time."
,Recommended,580200,33624124,Posted: 18 July,all,Cobra,One of the most relaxing games I have played.
76561198116993645,Recommended,580200,35104023,Posted: 21 September,all,Pesofaabs,"PROS:- Great open world with a lot to explore- KAWWAIIIII- Looks great- Lots of things to do- Very soothing- A lot of attention was put into detailsCONS:- Too much wandering- No sense of fulfilment, every action makes you feel like ""okay, now what?""- Plot doesn't seem that interesting- Crafting just gets you stuff to trade for different stuff which often has no other use than to be used to craft new stuff which then can be traded for yet again something else and so on and so on.If you're looking for a stunning adventure game to calmly breeze through, do it. If you're looking for some stardew valley/harvest moon type life building, leave it."
,Recommended,580200,33681382,Posted: 20 July,all,Xyniik,"I only had to play this game for about an hour before I requested a refund; however, I would like to clarify that it was not because there was necessarily anything wrong with the game.From what I played, this seemed like a great Harvest Moon style game. It is a great game for those that want to sit back, grow a farm and raise some cattle. I, on the otherhand, was looking forward to the adventuring in the game. The screenshots show a vast world with a variety of biomes.I personally felt that even with the large map and the many sidequests, there was no challenge or threat when exploring. This kind of took away from the adventuring aspect and made it seem more like I was just going for a stroll. Looking back at the screenshots, I now notice that there are no screenshots of fighting or hostile enemies in general.I am giving this game a positive review because the developers never falsely advertised the game. You are getting exactly what is being advertised. However, it is not quite for me."
,Recommended,580200,35053270,Posted: 18 September,all,Rectum Wreckers,"My girlfriend and I love this game. It's very relaxing and chill which is exactly what she wanted in a game. Theres no combat system or any real challenge other trying to figure things out, get around the map, gather the same resources over and over. I would recommend this game to anyone looking for something relaxing and cute.My only gripes with the game is getting around the map can get tedious later in the game. There are ""teleporters"" to help with this but they are mostly placed in very inconvient locations. I would assume to encourage exploring (which is half the point of the game) but once you've explored most things this can get quite annoying."
76561198041869487,Not Recommended,580200,33896370,Posted: 29 July,all,LemonBunch,"I will only share the CONS for the game that I felt could have been better. Please look at other reviews for the PROS!CONS:-Bland and not so very interesting story.-Traveling from one place to another gets old fast. Yes, there is a fast travel feature but the location of the fast travelpoints are still a walk away from where you need to be.-Money never seemed to be an issue, at least for me. I had 3 Cows (can't remember what they are called) which producedmilk that satisfied all my shopping needs.-No real incentive to try to grow my farm and to tame the other creatures.-Nothing too memorable taken from the game, as you could see I forgot the name of one of the creatures from the game.-Boring side quests that are easily finished.-No replayablityOverall, I enjoyed playing Yonder for a few hours, but the story and quests did not interest me enough to keep playing. I expected much more and I felt a little let down.  It's a fun game, however tasks and quests feel repetative and not enjoyable. Personally, If I knew what this game had to offer I would pay no more than $15.  There is nothing very special or unique that gives it it's $25 price tag. Heres to hoping the devs add more stuff into the game."
76561198043418800,Not Recommended,580200,35217232,Posted: 26 September,all,Kiaryia,"I loved how beautiful it looked, but the way to control the character was way to difficult. I have even tried it on lower settings so I could continue and although it helped a bit, it just was not the game experience I looked forward too."
,Recommended,580200,33671122,Posted: 20 July,all,sana,"a good game ,but i think it should have more content.Just like battle systeam."
76561198164389361,Recommended,580200,33672566,Posted: 20 July,all,RollinRuolin,"Yonder is a super-cute game that I started following a few days before release and I'm not at all disappointed with it.The art is gorgeous, the characters/animals are quirky and adorable, and the quests are diverse and plentiful enough to make for hours of gameplay. Yonder isn't a hard game, which is great for younger gamers (or people like me who aren't good at killing stuff), so progress comes pretty easily and there's a lot of exploration to be done, so you won't be bored with it.The only drawbacks the game has, I would say, are a lack of a fast-travel system for ease of access between regions of the world, and a more comprehensive farming system. There is a teleportation device in-game, but the portal locations are pretty random and far-removed from anything useful, so I find that I don't use them much at all because I'm still running around all over the place regardless. The farming mechanic is very basic and there isn't much interaction to be done with animals or farm buildings. Hire a farmhand to do the work for you and there's really nothing left besides crafting upgrades. For those hoping for a Harvest Moon type game, I'm afraid Yonder isn't that game, but if you're looking for Wind Waker-esque adventuring and Stardew Valley-ish crafting, then Yonder is definitely a great fit.All in all, I rate 8/10. I've played through half the game so far with no bugs or lagging, controls work fine, no issues with anything mechanical. Definitely going to keep playing until I uncover everything there is to be uncovered!"
76561198281619522,Recommended,580200,33674505,Posted: 20 July,all,VFkkw,"And if the developer can see this,add Chinese plz,totally worth it"
76561198134286188,Recommended,580200,33691426,Posted: 21 July,all,Love Syrup,Game is short but it has a spectacular world to explore!!
76561198145747216,Recommended,580200,34194424,Posted: 12 August,all,Tawnacuil,"It's charming and beautiful all rolled into one. It's a peaceful gaming experience and there isn't a lot of action, but if you enjoy fufilling quests and editing an avatar, it's definitely up your alley. I waited for its release date for nearly six months and I was, in no way, disappointed."
,Recommended,580200,33804660,Posted: 26 July,all,OGSFIB,"Harvest moon, but with a furry cow that gives you milk. Buggy but tolerable, can't swim to save your life, need to build bridges out of materials that that one vendor somewhere that one time a long time ago had.BUT IT'S OKAY 7/10 GOOD GRAPHICS"
76561198025368625,Recommended,580200,33756748,Posted: 23 July,all,Sileo (Leo),Loved this game !!
,Recommended,580200,33641130,Posted: 18 July,all,xephtastic,"A+++ for adorable graphics & cat-collecting. It's a peaceful little adventure game, and easy to play. I look forward to sinking more hours into exploring this lovely world."
76561198108779405,Recommended,580200,34065384,Posted: 6 August,all,Madmags,Game is a freash of breathe air. Like opening a new jar of penutbutter.Only gripe is that the daylight needs to be longer.
76561197984980349,Recommended,580200,33642226,Posted: 18 July,all,kr0g3r,Fun way to relax. I like finding cats.
,Recommended,580200,33642462,Posted: 18 July,all,Knit Sweater,"I love stardew valley and have 130 hours in it and I heard this game was going to have similarities so I decided to pick it up on release day, and this game is amazing thus far from the graphics to the sense of relaxation it gives off despite being overwhelming at first. My only gripes are that im 41% done with the story in four hours and within 2 hours I accidentally found an infinite ""money"" glitch. (because the game centers around trading not currency) Other then that great game."
76561198335621128,Recommended,580200,34731328,Posted: 4 September,all,Rubydia,"This game is just art.Love the way of how you can't get enough of this game, you have so much to do and so much to see that you can't get bored easily, it's a mix of The Sims Kingdom and art.You can get multiple farms, and like 8 biomes to explore, cute animals and beautiful landscapes that leave you astonished, you can craft and build items for you or for the missions, the story it's very intriguing.One of the best game I ever played."
,Recommended,580200,34810420,Posted: 8 September,all,Kaptional_,Fun.. Chill.. game full of cute things! HEh...BONUS IS...Good break from combat systems and people. XD
,Recommended,580200,34525461,Posted: 27 August,all,willowevy,to glichy it is hard to culeckt up stuff please fix it but it is amzing i love the game
76561197970445344,Recommended,580200,33909191,Posted: 30 July,all,KillMeForPrizes,"Even after spending well over 100 hours playing Zelda Breath of the Wild earlier this year some how I was still jonesing for more open world questing and exploration. I had been following the small team of Prideful Sloth on Facebook develop their game Yonder, which seemed to have a Zelda vibe, for some time. When it was released I immediately jumped on it looking for that hit that I was still craving.Yonder both hit my expectations and didn't, but in a good way that in the end I was glad.The first thing about Yonder that attracted me to it was the visual style. I really like the bold, bright, contrasting colored world. Everything really pops out and is clean. Reminded me of World of Warcraft. The design style is both ""cute"" and effective, making it easy to navigate and a joy to just look at. Screenshot paradise. The day/night cycle moves along a good clip (though this is being slowed in future patches) with great color changes and crisp shadows. The word vibrant applies in spades.The primary mechanics of Yonder consist of exploration and crafting. The former has you running around a good sized island that has all the typical environments (beaches, snow, grasslands, forests, caves, mountains, etc) each clearly defined and look great. It doesn't take long to get your bearings and figure out where things are and how to get there. Which is good because the map is a little lacking - it shows where you are and major landmarks but it a little on the vague side so its a bit useless in helping you figure how just to get from point A to B. You run at a good clip and it doesn't take too long to get most places, with the added bonus of being able to leap off any heights safely with the help of your umbrella. There are a number of fast travel options but most of them are more of a trek to get to and from than the time they really save you. They are interesting in concept but not great in practice.The second thing you will be doing a lot of in the game is crafting. The main reason for crafting is the quests and the main reason for exploration is to find the materials you need for crafting. It's a nice loop that pushes you through the game. Resources are gathered with a handful of tools that you have to unnecessarily switch to for each type of resource. It's only a couple of button presses each time but as everything you do is technically context sensitive it seems like a hold over from a older system of gathering.All the crafting is done straight from you backpack via a ton of menus. So many menus. Some of these are easy to navigate, others have issues with filtering what you are looking for and just being a little over cluttered. Often you are consistently flipping back and forth moving items and checking to see if you enough items and bouncing through a load of sub-assemblies for each end item you want to craft. Far to much multi-stage crafted items for the end result. Also a number of key items to crafting must be bought from specific NPC's who run out of their small stock (which is never enough) and you have to wait till the next day before they have more. It wasn't the worst thing, but I felt I spent a lot more time in crafting menus that I wanted too.Exploration also leads to the other major game mechanic with is finding fairies and clearing the murk. There is no combat in Yonder - it's a peaceful game but the island you are on is beset with a gross purple darkness that acts as close to conflict as you going to get. Large blobs of murk block access to items and pathways. Clearing these out requires a certain amount of fairies for each one, some less some more. I couldn't really figure out if their was a system to why some needed more than others but after acquiring 8 or 9 fairies you can get most of the murk. Though you do want to clear it all as it's part of each areas completion rating (along with finding fairies, planting trees and more). An aspect to the game which I think could have played more of a role, instead it was more like a series of check boxes. Missed opportunity? Maybe, but the developers are continuing to add new stuff and have a road map for even more.I did get caught early on thinking that the quests were just not really up to their potential. The rewards seemed lacking for the effort you put in to them and the NPC dialog was not really jelling (there are some exceptions and over the course of the game you meet some really top notch characters) and I started to wonder, what was the point? But it took a turn in thinking. I was so set on this being ""a Zelda"" that when it wasn't I was disappointed. But Yonder isn't Zelda, it is really it's own thing. The quests are different in a way other than seeking reward - they are steps towards everything you need to do in the game. There is no need to rush from one to the next, enjoy your time in Yonder. Explore, gather, craft, figure out how to tame the animals, find a secret place...Yonder is just chill. Playing Yonder feels good.  From working on making a nice little farm with all the amenities that your animals could want to seeing what is around the next corner.After 20 hours in the land of Yonder I had completed the main story and was quite impressed with the pacing. In my eagerness I blew through it in a week but after the developers add some more I will definitely head back and see what's new. Yonder is a lovely game and I really happy to have played it.More game reviews and thoughts can be read on my blog."
76561198024985994,Recommended,580200,33920844,Posted: 30 July,all,Jemaiser,"This is one of the most visually beautiful games that I have ever played. It is ideal for pre-teens and new gamer's who are interested in exploring a visually engaging world without worring about the little inconveniences such as fighting and dying which can be big turn-offs for new gamers. The game does require a lot of reading so I would recommend ages 8+. There are plenty of experienced gamers who have also enjoyed this game.As of 7/30/2017: The game suffers from a few User interface issues. Caracter does not stop fast enough. Jumping feels like it is laging. Scrolling through items using the mouse wheel feels backwards. It would be nice to have a button to auto change to the tool that you need instead of picking it from the list.  The first time you pick up an item, the game tells you what the item is. After that it just shows a picture. Some of the pctures look very similar. It would be nice to have the name of the item with the pic. Certain interactions seem to be missing. The biggest problem that I have encountered is that there is only have one save file. The game allows you to start new files but does not warn you that when you start a new game, it is overwriting your existing games. Please fix this last one!Dispite these UI issues, it is still a very fun game and I am excited to see what improvements they can bring after the first patch."
76561198164254095,Recommended,580200,33685307,Posted: 20 July,all,ShadetoShade,"The best way I can think of to describe this game is ""Jack of All Trades, Master of None.""  With its bright, colorful graphics, variety of biomes, and unique critters, the game exudes a sense of charm that, along with the nonstop stream of collectibles for you to acquire, leaves you coming back for more.HOWEVER, the longer you play, the shallower the game seems to feel.Farming is less farming and more resource generation, with your character wandering about and unlocking various farms with the right amount of wood and vines and occasionally clearing away the murk hiding the sign from view.  You buy/make your barns, befriend some animals, guide them to the farm, set them up, and over time they'll generate items that will be automatically deposited into a box for you to pick up.  Now, it's easy to see why they would choose this method over something more intensive; the primary draw of the game is exploration, and putting too much time into farming takes away from that.  But with tons of farms to create and make into item mills, it comes off less as caring about the animals and it just being there.The people of Gemea are in a similar state.  While you'll find some requests posted on notice boards in the different towns, for the most part the NPCs just sort of wander aimlessly at all times.  They'll have the occasional line of dialogue here and there or have a bit of quirkiness to them, but it was a little disappointing to have what amounted to MMO NPCs milling about.  That said, this is only a minior complaint.Exploration is clearly Yonder's greatest asset.  The world won't take you too long to traverse, but what you see is quite visually appearling, from bright, colorful flowering trees to tropical summer paradises with flowery pig-sheep, to ice-covered lands home to breweries.  There's always something for you to do in the game itself, from gathering resources for crafting to finding and clearing murk, to planting trees and doing quests and overall trying to get the region's rating up to a completionist's dream of 100%.  However, jumping can be a bit of a pain to deal with.  I've spent some time making my way up rock walls on what I thought were good footholds only to suddenly be launched backwards by jumping at just the wrong angle and being sent flying back to the bottom.  Deep water can also be an issue as well, especially at night, where you have trouble telling between the deeper and shallower sections.  Of course, that part can easily be changed with a few tweaks to the graphical options, so that may have just been stubbornness on my part there.Along your merry path of exploration, you'll come across a variety of items to spice up your character's looks, which lends to Yonder's other strength: character customization.  When you first start up the game, you wouldn't think that there would be much to it, but as you find treasure chests and level up your crafting, you'll discover new outfits, hairdyes, and hairstyles for the taking, including some fun gradient hair colors.Finally, the story.  It's... there.  Not bad, not good, just there.  Don't have too much to say on it.All in all, I'd say that while this isn't a great game by any means, it's pretty good if you can get it on sale and a nice way to spend some time after a hard day at work or a great game to give to your kids.  It's not super in-depth or complicated and it's a little on the shallow side, but its plenty entertaining and worth a glance."
76561198041138095,Recommended,580200,34110211,Posted: 8 August,all,t0@st3r0v3n,"This game makes me wish there was a ""Meh"" rating.  The game is a cute and fun distraction, but wasn't as feature rich as I believed it was going to be.  I beat the main story, and haven't done all the side quests / collection quests yet - but I was hoping for more interactions with the farming and animals.  All well, maybe I just didn't fully realize or understand what it was I was buying...??  The game was still fun in small doses, but did get boring quickly for me since there really wasn't much diversity in the game play.  All in all though, it was a well done game.  Oh, and don't let my time played fool you - I left it at the start screen over night and while I went to work the next day - the game really doesn't take but several hours to complete the main story."
,Recommended,580200,33703308,Posted: 21 July,all,BunnieWings,"In the world of Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles you go on an exploration adventure while doing some resource gathering to open and clear the murk. While building your farms you will met some fun characters along the way and raise some very adorble little animals. This is a game of relaxtion without any killing or dying. If you need to murder all the little things then this isn't the game for you. However, if you enjoy exploring beautiful new places, unlocking new farms and new areas, building and growing, then I highly recommend Yonder: the Cloud Catcher Chronicles. This is the game I have been dreaming of for many years now. It is my go-to down time game."
76561198184576983,Recommended,580200,33767127,Posted: 24 July,all,☆AwkwardChild☆,"I love this game so much, I found the visuals very pleasing to the eye and the gameplay very calming and lighthearted.Things to be noted:- The Main storyline didnt take long to complete (You can still play after its completed)- Theres alot of walking (which for someone who was content with how pretty the landscape was, wasnt a problem)- Trying to go between quests and wanting to check up on your farm is a little bit of a chore- The occasional cat meowing that may send you into a cat finding frenzy- Lots of things to discover around the mapWas the game worth my 20$? Yes, yes it was!Is every single person gonna enjoy the game as much as I did? Nope!"
76561198029274297,Recommended,580200,33631101,Posted: 18 July,all,technoxan01,"Yup, It's super fun"
,Recommended,580200,33660312,Posted: 19 July,all,Stephen,"I really really like this game!The art style is gorgeous, there are many quests to do. The crafting system is pretty cool.Reminds me of Ever Oasis, Fantasy Life, and the Crafting/gathering aspects of FFXIV."
,Not Recommended,580200,33728068,Posted: 22 July,all,Ghosty,"Its not fun, Its extremely grindy and theres a surprising amount to it thats all a bit too complicated."
76561198145881658,Recommended,580200,33659900,Posted: 19 July,all,Narukami,"Great looking umm... Walking sim. RPG its not. Sorry, No Combat is shameful. What you should have done is added in the option to enable combat instead of being so shallow minded. I mean you have just pushed away X % of potential people that would have loved the game. It looks great but, No combat = REFUND. If you are okay with a no risk approach to aimlessly walk around for no apparent reason then buy it. IF you are bored after 10 mins wondering why am I simulating walking around then, Do not buy the game.Very sad on the devs for creating this work of art and I dunno I get the feeling this is a touchy feely kind of tree hugging DEV that wants NO violence in their game. Ill vote with my wallet and although you did receiveth I shall takethe away."
76561198323557747,Recommended,580200,33695781,Posted: 21 July,all,SilverKuro[TH],I can't play this game because the screen of this game become pink. Of course when I download a program to fix it when I click to fix It's not running.
,Recommended,580200,34069412,Posted: 6 August,all,SugarPoof,Didn't know if I would like this game - but I ended up really loving it.  The scenery is beautiful - the world so peaceful.  Was great to come home from a stressful day to play this.  Would love to see DLC for this game.
76561198047091807,Recommended,580200,33746520,Posted: 23 July,all,ojek,"Great graphics, chilling experience. Overall a good game."
,Recommended,580200,34912483,Posted: 12 September,all,Psycomkl,This game is absolutely adorable. I hope there is DLC in the future to expand the main line because this has become one of my favorite games.
,Recommended,580200,33656286,Posted: 19 July,all,Mimi Jo,"Finally! A cute sim game about exploring.(If you are looking for Zelda: Breath of the Wild, you will be extremely disappointed. This game has nothing in common. If you are looking for 3D Stardew Valley, you probably will also be disappointed. Look at Harvest Moon instead. It's the game ConcernedApe tried to copy.)PC gamers just don't get enough of these sorts of games!It's most similar to Animal Crossing and Harvest Moon. Themain focus is explorationof the beautiful world filled with little touches of humor. There is aheavy emphasis on bartering for what you need and crafting. You will spend most of your timewalking, picking up resources, and completing resource-retrieval quests or go-talk-to-X quests. There is alsofarming, which consists of finding the right food to befriend an animal in the wild, luring him back to the farm with more food, petting him, and checking back regularly to collect the items they produce. There are scattered spots around the world for planting seeds. This is more shallow than Harvest Moon, and you're unlikely to spend much time at the farm outside of personal roleplaying reasons. Thefishing minigameis more involved than Animal Crossing's but incredibly easy so far. You can use tools tomineore veins (it's a simple as in Rune Factory),cut down trees, smash wooden things to find items or new areas,Yonder fixes a lot of problems of the genre.There is no combat, which usually is annoying buttonmashing and consumes way too much of the gameplay within this genre. There isno currency. Instead, you barter items for items. In other games, I am never sure whether to sell everything for gold or guess which items are the ""rare"" ones to keep. This way, you keep your items and actually use them instead of sitting on a pile of useless gold. There areno stats or levelups, which is distracting from core content and encourages grinding.Instead, progression takes the more organic form of showing more animals and activity around the area in response to how many quests you complete. Depending on how many sprites you found in the world, you will be able to unlock new areas to explore by dispelling the murk.There is a day-night cycle, but you apparently never need to sleep. This allows you to explore forever but removes any distinction between one day and another.Pros~So much detail! Prideful Sloth did not skimp on cute. My favorite touch is the limp animation the protagonist makes when drifting from high spaces with an umbrella.~Change hotkeys (apparently only for keyboard users) and language freely in the player menus~Cute animals you can take home with you!~Lots of crafting recipes~You find and craft new appearance modifiers during gameplay. For example, I found red shampoo (changes hair color) in a chest somewhere.~The map seems big enough to be interesting but small enough to prevent long travel times. Also, no loading screens yet!~You can choose your body type with sliders in the character creation screen. Cute!~Loot pool seems balanced with the inventory size, so no dilemmas with what to drop~Stable gameCons~The fishing minigame is just so easy. The only way I found to fail is to take my hands off the keyboard. I would prefer if it was a little more difficult.~The UI is pretty big and omnipresent, so it will be difficult to take screenshots without the UI blocking something. It would be nice to toggle UI on/off with a hotkey.~I'm pretty sure the quests on the notice boards are randomly generated, so they will get boring.If I am wrong about any details, please correct me! We are all still learning about Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,580200,33685647,Posted: 20 July,all,large,"hot damn, this♥♥♥♥♥♥cute af"
,Recommended,580200,33707426,Posted: 21 July,all,Kaku,Reminds me of Viva Pinata
,Not Recommended,580200,33715247,Posted: 22 July,all,KennyT,"No combat - there are actually alot of games without combat system but still very interesting. Fine, not a killing and hunting game.No survival -  You can craft,farm,collect stuff but you dont have to do any of it to survive that's kinda dull, lack of excitement, but fine, not a survival game.No story - Seriously? No killing, no dying, not even a good story? C'mon guys......Typical MMORPG boring questing - You just keep running from A to B, back and forth, fetching stuff from one npc to another, just like those mmorpg that tell you to kill 100 slime then come back and I'll reward you some experience and money, you know, shiit like that.Chill game - Yeah it has alot of cute animal and stuff but is it really? Is it chill? You have to run like 100 miles just to deliver some shiit to somebody and there isn't really something on the road that will make you slow down your pace and admire and stuff you just wanna complete the quest as fast as possible.In conclusion, if you have a 12yr old or younger child and you wanna spent some time playing games with em, this is the one. If you're a gamer then this is definitely not for you. And I realise that this game is all about collecting stuff, if i wanna just collect stuff, I would go to a beach and get some fackin seashells.My suggestions:Different story ending, good, bad and average.Consequences, you don't have to make it as complicated as The Witcher 3 because this is a cute game, e.g if you do this then this npc would offer you something special but the other will starting to dislike you . This would really add some depth into this kind of non combat game. Only some main npcs or events can affect the ending.Relationship between npcs, to support my 2nd suggestion. (normally its just individual background story.)I  rarely write review this long cuz i really think this game can actually become something."
,Recommended,580200,33632992,Posted: 18 July,all,BRUHyan,bruuuuhhhh it's relaxing af.
76561198157250502,Recommended,580200,33688015,Posted: 20 July,all,Vitamine C,Harvest Moon New Version RecommendedHope soon Have more NPC and new Farm Item
76561198039688944,Recommended,580200,34158194,Posted: 10 August,all,Chainer,"This game is wonderful. Set on an island that is more pacifist than Alderaan, you spend most of the game running around and collecting various things for various people. I say that with as much adoration as possible. Its such a change from the countless violent games. No worrying about health.. no worrying about protecting this or that... just do what you will. Be it fishing or farming or brewing.. theres no rush.. its so RELAXING.I definitely recommend this game due to its beauty, its easy going chill nature and because nothing is more relaxing (in my opinion) than completing tasks and building farms. This game is basically every one of the best mobile games that offer really fun things to do but puts them behind time barriers. Want to build an animal pen? Drop these resources and wait 4 days.Not in this game.Relax, take a minute. Enjoy the view. Dont like that tree? Remove it and plant a new one.Do you. At your pace."
76561198203393812,Recommended,580200,34172682,Posted: 11 August,all,Nara,One of the best games i have EVER Brought and one of the most enjoyable games i have ever played i love it Highly recommend Looks great runs great Made with Unity <3  Costumes outfits can look fab the Feel of progression feels so good and rewarding the open world feel is amazing the Art style is amazing.
76561198117026517,Recommended,580200,34183479,Posted: 11 August,all,blackballet_bb,"This game is so much fun! I love exploring the world and the quests are engaging enough. However, I didn't like the crafting system very much, it felt like too much work. However, the lack of violence and pressure made this game a good one to play  very casually."
76561197971155445,Recommended,580200,33752827,Posted: 23 July,all,Skaskuwinski,"Wow this game looks lame.This actually looks pretty good... even if it is basically a discount game.I wonder if this game will present any actual challenges.If I could build games, I'd make it much more better.Oh, look at that zoom-out-from-cave moment they copied.Games need guns.Literally the worst game ever.Looks like one big, pretty, fetch quest game.I heard it's got really bad combat.The main character's movements are very odd especially while he is running.Hope it has more substance but it seems unlikely.Why would I buy a game I can't die in?:)"
,Recommended,580200,33645960,Posted: 19 July,all,vVvVvVvVvVvVvVvVvVvVvVvVvVvVv,is good
,Recommended,580200,33666106,Posted: 19 July,all,JUGHEAD.キャシャーン,"The game filled with a lively environment. Even though i dont have alot of time playing the game but the first moment of the game was filled with a warming welcome. Lighting and the art style of the game is very relaxing. If you want something to play while chilling off from an exhaust day or just something to distract you from sadness, this is the game for you and me."
,Recommended,580200,33630405,Posted: 18 July,all,NigglyNathan,S'good.
,Not Recommended,580200,35252231,Posted: 27 September,all,Zhimonster,"I really badly wanted to like this game. It was #1 on my wishlist from the day it came out.  I've tried really hard to like it, but I just can't. The controls are simply awful, even spending a lot of time experimenting with dif settings it takes way too long to turn around and I keep running past whatever I am trying to interact with. Camera angles end up awkward and making it hard to see what Im doing, and I find myself getting headachy and mildly motion-sick from attempting to play. I am just really sad and disappointed because this game seemed so lovely and charming and totally my type of game."
,Recommended,580200,33652302,Posted: 19 July,all,!Muhannad,"لعبة جميلة صراحة ومشابهه لزيلدا , استرخاء تام .. تغيير عن العاب الستيم المكررة ."
76561198028545979,Recommended,580200,34230411,Posted: 14 August,all,Proctopus,BEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED 2017ABSALUTE BEST GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,580200,33647342,Posted: 19 July,all,福尔摩灰,need chinese.
76561198072066785,Recommended,580200,33657370,Posted: 19 July,all,Hendrick Barbarossa,"This is a super fun game, a lot like Breath of the Wild"
76561198002911983,Not Recommended,580200,35078405,Posted: 19 September,all,wolfknight904,Not worth the price tag.
76561198042322586,Not Recommended,580200,33712166,Posted: 21 July,all,Cazoo,"Almost instantly I found the visuals upsetting once they were up close in game play, lazily done. The lighting shaders made me feel colorblind at best. and finally it took too many queues from BotW for being a game that can't even program an animal to stop trying to align at a 180 degree angle before running exactly 2 meters away then instantly enter sleeping animation."
76561198122225325,Not Recommended,580200,33753566,Posted: 23 July,all,Raven Oltorain,fix it
,Not Recommended,580200,33663857,Posted: 19 July,all,Febfourteen,"if i rate zelda 10/10, this game would be 0.1/10"
,Recommended,580200,35168529,Posted: 23 September,all,꾸꾸,한글패치좀요 제발
,Recommended,580200,33636571,Posted: 18 July,all,shitrock,"so much gore and violence I dont recommend this to anyone with a weak stomach, or a fragile mind. I have never been so scared in my life, such a horrific atmospheric sci-fi experience you will never forget, and you will learn to be afraid of the dark. Games bad♥♥♥♥♥10/10 for being a good shooter despite the devolper saying it would be more horror than shooting its a good balance of both."
,Not Recommended,580200,33641921,Posted: 18 July,all,Mooseford Moosington,"Honestly I can't imagine the rave reviews about how beautiful this game is. Art direction is meh. Models look downright homely too. Gameplay is a yawn, and I LOVE Stardew Valley. Probably just me though. *edited out comment about 'last gen' as it is really not relevant.* It could be just the preponderance of samey-samey games that really killed it for me."
76561198044814175,Not Recommended,580200,33636108,Posted: 18 July,all,OpenAI(Bot),A lot of boring movement between locations
76561198045004605,Not Recommended,580200,33629677,Posted: 18 July,all,Eightshot,"2 x Edits belowIf your using a game pad then i think this game will be okayBut purely from a few minutes of play ive got to say the control system for mouse and keyboard is horrendous.Not unplayable but REALLY bad!edit starts here:After more time of game play I have found that changing it to ""Raw input"" in the options menu helps as well as changing the camera lag settings. honestly though, i dont know why the devs didnt set this as the default when using a keyboard.This however only improves the experiance, it doesnt fix it.There is no option (that i have found) to completely remove the camera ""swing"". which makes aiming your character difficult at times.The player cannot turn on the spot which makes certain jumping sections of the game difficult and jumping in a direction requires a run up, Which only becomes an issue when jumping from narrow platforms however you are required to do that quite a lot.The control system for this game comes across as amateur, Once you get passed that, this game is fairly enjoyable. though it is limited to ""go here>get this>take it here"" quests quite a lot.For those looking for a stardew valley/Harvest moon feel, it isnt there. The farms and community are very limited from what i have seen so far. Think of this more of an adventure game where you must discover and use those discoveries to unlock others. That isn't a criticism, just an observation.Personally i wouldn't recommend this game, i think there are games out there that do most of these game play mechanics much better. Some may enjoy it, the next big thing though, this is not.Edit 2: I have now completed the story line of the game in under 6 hours. everything above still stands, dont know if ill 100%n this or not, It wouldnt be difficult, just time consuming."
76561198003394279,Not Recommended,580200,33719863,Posted: 22 July,all,65Roses,lol
76561198302324511,Recommended,580200,33630910,Posted: 18 July,all,bluetwinkling,"Very nice for a leisure play, being a part of a wonderful world and explore everything within. Looking forward to more expansions and DLC!!"
76561198011657297,Recommended,580200,33628715,Posted: 18 July,all,Scorpion,"This game is just Stunning looking and feel over it.Works perfect with 4k screens.There is a lot of quest to do in good old fassion mmorpg style, love that part.Still a fully craftgame... with fishing, farming, lumberjacking, mining and so on.I buy alot of games on steam, and i not felt this good about a buy in ages.Most game i buy is early access, and now i re-realized that sometime it is smart to wait for the developers to release to its finished...  because this game feel finish. (even i hope they add stuff to it in updates :)Also hope they consider make it co-op --so we can play it with a friend... (even with a thether btw us so we stay in sight, it would be worth it)"
,Recommended,580200,33627501,Posted: 18 July,all,Thunderstorm,"This game is cute and relaxing, it's awesome.I had only one hour a play yet, but every 5 minutes I was like ""awwwwwww so cute *_* ""I can't wait to play more.Stumble upon this game by change and I feel very lucky :D"
,Recommended,580200,33628539,Posted: 18 July,all,Killjoys2000,"this is such a cute game you basicly run around a beautiful world, colecting nick nacks and tradeable iteams while also acomplishing quests. there is also a farm element where you can have animals that produce milk clay ect. i would just like a bit more use of the farm (im not sure if i just havent unlocked this ability) but the chance to plant all the seeds you find exploring on your farm would be a great addition.in conclution i quite enjoy it, im gonna continue playing and it makes me feel like a kid again"
76561198087448644,Not Recommended,580200,33643534,Posted: 18 July,all,Lexanomical Unit,"I wanted to like it a lot. I really truly tried. But between the bizzare control choices - the lack of walk, a run that scales in such a weird way, the ultra slow camera turn speed even at max speed, and jumping directly off surfaces instead of up or the direction I am trying to walk to etc - and the foretold lack of content (that I hadn't reached, but I decided on a refund instead) I just... couldn't. Too many small things added up to a game I cannot bring myself to enjoy."
,Recommended,580200,33633026,Posted: 18 July,all,Hao,"The game is simply fun, peaceful gameplay, i must say this is a 3D harvest moon btw x)"
,Recommended,580200,33686946,Posted: 20 July,all,Raatha,"This game is a very enjoyable experience as long as you don't expect something like Stardew Valley.  More Zelda-like but without combat.  It's not about economy, it's just about a visually compelling peaceful exploration experience.It's cute, fun, and leaves you feeling good.  I enjoyed it a lot.Maybe $25 is a bit much for the game.  $15-20 is probably more appropriate for the amount of content it has.  But then again, supporting a small studio that makes unique games is never a bad thing."
76561198143725889,Recommended,580200,33626834,Posted: 18 July,all,FerbiBear,"It may not be a Harvest Moon, or Stardew Valley but it is a beautiful game."
,Recommended,580200,33639457,Posted: 18 July,all,CatWithGlasses,I love.
,Recommended,580200,34009315,Posted: 3 August,all,Shieb,"Yonder is a fun game for those interested in exploring and submersing themselves into a particular feeling. The colors are bright, the world is big, and there is much to do. But triple-A gamers beware – Yonder doesn’t have that studio polish.Let me start with what these guys did right. Each land was beautiful, vibrant, and unique. Due to this contrast, even the Grasslands – arguably the least eye-catching area in the game – stood out among the various zones. The bright colors and varying styles of trees, ground, and villages within all helped to make this world interesting to look at, and therefore more engaging to play in.For good or ill, Yonder is not a thinking game. Don’t look for a super-deep story here; you’ve seen it all before. There are no terribly complex NPCs or shocking plot-twists you won’t see coming, and the puzzles are equally straightforward. However, this is because the game is meant to be simple. The free nature of the game opens itself for you to get lost in your own wants, just like any other open-world game. And let’s be honest, who among us was still invested in the main story after 500 side quests? The game is happy enough to take things at your own pace, so long as you can find all the Guild Masters that open up various crafting trees.The music was… alright. The songs that played were neither terrible nor amazing. I was a little disappointed, as the game was prepped to capture my imagination, and a few strong melodies to get stuck in my head would have dragged me even further in.There were some disappointments. Most are small, and added together, they don’t take away from the adventure I’m having. Things like an inability to sort through inventory, or the lack of an explanation for your character’s umbrella bother me. Others are more important, and I figure they should be noted.The controls for the character and the camera felt a bit clunky. The camera was remedied after I switched to a controller (what this is meant to be played on, I think), but the character’s reaction never quite caught up. There is a nice little choice the devs made in making the character jump away from a tight spot if they can’t progress in a player’s belligerent attempts to explore places they were never meant to be, but I wish the controls were tighter.The economy felt out of balance, especially with the crafting system. Crafting anything of any remote size required multiple layers of smaller items that also required a small laundry list of items to be crafted. The lists for each item didn’t feel large, but the Russian Doll set-up ate away at resources that no longer fit in my backpack and inevitably outran my ability to procure materials just to build a stone bridge. In this game, you can create almost everything yourself, and so the traders are all unnecessary unless you’re willing to trade away items you’re unsure you’ll need later because you haven’t explored everything yet, or the trader can give you one of the few items you cannot create yourself.My last big gripe settles on the writing and the pacing. I got the impression that in the case of cutscenes, any issues with pacing were more likely due to limitations in technology or knowledge. For instance, at the very beginning the game, your ship crashes and you immediately wake up in another place; not even a second of pause, of fade-out and fade-in, or a reaction from your character when they wake up in a place quite unlike the one they almost drowned in but a moment ago. This persists for the rest of the game, making your character and every NPC a bit wooden. Though plagued by a dark force, the NPCs inevitably seem unaffected by it, only vaguely mentioning details about what happened a long time ago before going on about their merry business. As fun as it is to explore this place, it’s hard to feel like it’s really in danger.Now, don’t be fooled by the large paragraphs. I really did, and still am, enjoying this game. I love looking through the nooks and crannies to see what’s what, and even though I recognize I don’t need every cat scattered in the land, I’ll still try and find one if I hear it meowing. I still build up my farms, even though I really don’t need them. I still run across huge swathes of land just to get to some far corner that I forgot to take a look at because I had to focus, just once, on what I was already doing. I love the vision and the relaxed joy and the sense of humor in the achievements.And frankly, I really hope this group makes more games. This game is fun. What else do you want?"
76561198124523426,Recommended,580200,33808509,Posted: 26 July,all,Hamad,fun game
,Recommended,580200,34520406,Posted: 26 August,all,Generic Brand SnackPack,"Depending on your preferences for open-world exploration games, this is either an excellent game or an extremely boring one.The general presentation of the game is formidable and very ""aesthetically pleasing"". The use of lighting and minimal texturing makes for a stylized experience that can only be described as cute as hell. The movement controls took a bit for me to get used to, but become natural with exposure. Although the minimap was helpful and the displayed recent pathing was a fair idea, the actual use of it is minimal due to the fact that there is minimal detail especially on the topography. When paired with a straight line as marking the POI/quest target, you'll likely find yourself wandering aimlessly, going down a wrong path, or relying more on the world map. As this is a very serene game, there's no real negative impact on lacking a sense of general direction.Note: there is 0 combat. 0 spoops. so many quests. so many collectibles. so many."
,Recommended,580200,34542631,Posted: 27 August,all,C7,"Yonder is a very relaxing game. There's no pressure from enemies or, well anything for that matter. You can wander around to your heart's content and explore the world. The world features some stunning visuals and vistas, just wandering around at night or trudging through a rainstorm. The time I spent with the game, I genuinely enjoyed. I found myself just grinning like a fool as I soaked in the world.My main issue with it, is that while the game touches a lot of things, exploration, crafting, farming. It just dips its toe into each category.The crafting is all done through a menu, and is mostly just about processing ingredients to make things. You need to make a kit, to make an ingredient, then make another kit for the next. Then finally when you have all your ingredients, make yet another crafting kit for that.Trade is all done through barter, so you can't actually accumulate any cash. Couple that with the fact that you can go to the hub town for any given thing and get the items for next to nothing, it makes the currency and crafting essentially meaningless. Buy some clothes for 20 trade value, walk it over to the next town and get 500 value for it.As a big fan of Harvest Moon like games and Stardew Valley, I found the farm management to be really basic. You can only plant crops in specific plots that you have to build and place. There's no watering or care of them. You just come back later after wandering around for a bit and pick up whatever's finished. You can also get a farmhand which works the field and removes what little interaction there was there. I was able to max out my farm value very quickly and hit 100%.The story is similar, it's a rather lighthearted affair that has you running around the world meeting folks and trying to find out where you came from. Not even focusing on the story, I completed it in ~ 6 hours. I feel like I've already seen everything the world has to offer at this point.As a minor note, I was disappointed to find that you can't enter any buildings at all. It's not a huge deal, though it contributed to a feeling that the world was very static, and smaller than you would of first expected.I feel I got my money's worth out of it, and the main problems I can levy on it, is that I just wanted more. It's a bit like eating a bowl of ice-cream, it's great, and then it's gone all too soon, and you're left with an empty bowl. I'd still eat it though, and in this case, still recommend the game."
76561198053739348,Recommended,580200,33673383,Posted: 20 July,all,BorgKitten,A beautiful & charming little game but I couldn't help but feel like there should be more to it.
,Recommended,580200,34543799,Posted: 27 August,all,The Back Street Boy,I enjoyed the game. It felt a little lacking content. The main story line was very fast and I felt like it was hardly immersive. However the entire time I played the game I was enjoying it. By the time I finished the main story I feel like I have done everything worth doing. If the game was more like 15 dollars I would be a lot more impressed.
76561197983613659,Recommended,580200,34588713,Posted: 29 August,all,Cabal,"Take a massively multiplayer online game, remove the  massively, the multiplayer and the online, remove the combat and the endless grinding and you get a decent idea of what this is.Peaceful, gorgeous, relaxing exploration entirely at your own pace."
,Not Recommended,580200,33636454,Posted: 18 July,all,dinorice,"It's a very calm and relaxing, but theres one problem.I can't find the game."
,Not Recommended,580200,33898485,Posted: 29 July,all,Triggered,"great graphic, pathetic contents"
,Recommended,580200,35245742,Posted: 27 September,all,Victeldo,"I love this game. You don't have to be worried because nothing will kill you. It is a peaceful and beautiful RPG which gives you a Breath of the Wild vibe for exploration and a Stardew Valley vibe for farming. Get it, it is amazing."
,Recommended,580200,35301800,Posted: 29 September,all,Quaggy,"Beatiful, nigh work-of-art game, with crafting and farming elements. If you want to walk through a lovely world with no time, energy, food, or other contraints (besides the size of your backpack, which is frankly huge and likely will not be a problem for anyone except the most hordingest of horders - coming from me, that's saying something XD), if you want to gather animals and trade goods, if you want a relaxing, laid-back game, then this is a good pick. This is a lovely, profanity-free, battle-free, go-for quest-filled, farming/crafting/walking game with a short storyline. (Seriously, you do a LOT of walking... but the world is gorgeous, so who cares?) Now, that's right up MY alley, but I understand some might find such a game to be boring. That said, it's very well-presented for what it is, and I didn't feel bored at all. In short, I feel it was worth every penny of the just-under $17 I paid for it on sale. Frankly, it was worth the $25 full price (but I'm a cheapskate and like to wait until games go on sale before I buy them). :) So, yes, I wholheartedly recommend buying Yonder if you like these types of games. Soooo relaxing.... :3"
,Recommended,580200,35294845,Posted: 29 September,all,✪ Xeta,Great game. Definitely try to get it as though the stlry may not be the best the gameplag is definitely worth taking a look at. For those who like adventure games or are fanatic collecters then this game is for you. If you are the type of person that wants everything to be given to you at once then I would still give it a try. But don't expect it to blow your mind away. Yonder requires patience. There are a lot of times where you simply have to wait. But the wait is worth it as the game (although quick to get through) is a brilliant one.
,Recommended,580200,35227758,Posted: 26 September,all,Auraelia,"Love, love, LOVE this game! It is relaxing, cute and so much fun. Definitely reminds me of a stardew valley meets breathe of the wild (without combat) kind of game. Highly recommend if you are looking for something that will constantly make you die of cute."
,Recommended,580200,35256714,Posted: 28 September,all,The Punisher,"Has a bit of a Harvest Moon like feel but with exploration and stuff. Really nice scenery, music, and creatures."
76561197983964763,Recommended,580200,35482796,Posted: 4 October,all,MaChiNe`,Fun little game but it just feels like its missing something.
