user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198008017443,Recommended,580720,32524952,Posted: 17 June,all,Gringo Grifter,"Another solid game from Every Single Soldier. Checked it out because I played their previous games, Vietnam 65' and Afghanistan 11', both fantastic titles. It is like Cook, Serve, Delicious in the time management aspect. Instead, this time, your dishes are made of lead served hot and fresh to the eager enemies that dare approach you, courtesy of the American Taxpayer.In terms of difficulty, completing a level is often not too difficult, even on the harder levels, but getting a perfect can be VERY challenging. In some levels, requiring memorization of the enemy spawn pattern and quick reflexes. Even then, RNG from plane crashes and planes overshooting the runway may cause you to have to restart anyway. Below I'll list some of the important points about this game. (Bear in mind, this review was made a few days after release so take some of the technical issues with a grain of salt.)Pros:+Planes+A Carrier+You run it+Strategy required, as well as reflexes(It is very satisfying to have properly prepared when an enemy comes within automatic detection and you are able to stop them *just* in time.)+Micromanaging deck space(More often than not, a poor setup is more threatening than the enemy itself, as many aircraft landing at once can spell disaster if no spaces nearby are available. Some spots like the bottom most catapult are unusable if the helipads are occupied.)+Aircraft maintenance and malfunction(Having to rotate aircraft out to get them repaired in the hangar below adds to the challenge, and generates stressful(FUN!) situations like ""Do I send out one of my damaged helicopters and risk it crashing on the deck or ditching in the ocean/not even making it to the target, or do I send it to get repairs and cross my fingers and pray my other helicopter will be rearmed in time?""Now for some of the bad:Gripes:-SWEET BABY JESUS THE PATHFINDING(Units dont take the most direct path, they instead almost seem to be following the Naval Aircraft handbook to the letter, manuevering around deck spaces even if they are unoccupied. Which seems reasonable, until there are 3 bomber squadrons and a nuclear submarine bearing down on you, in which it becomes hilariously insane. When things work, they work well. Aircraft can wait in a queue of sorts and then filter to their spots. However, they also have a tendency to 'give up too easy'. If the spot is blocked for what feels like more than 3 seconds, they return to their original spot, which, has disastrous consequences if their path straddles the runway. It also takes far to many actions to coax F18's out of the hangar and onto the deck. They often take two commands to get onto the elevator as the first fighter often 'blocks' them.)-Occasional glitches where the aircraft get stuck in 'inbetween' positions-Inflexibility of the Mission system(If you queue planes to launch to counter a threat, then a far more pressing threat appears and you need to counter that instead, first you have to cancel the first mission, create another mission AND you have to select the right aircraft and then launch them before Ronny the Red bomber starts a bonfire on your deck and you have to start over. Missions also don't allow mixing of aircraft. For instance, I had a mission queued up that needed 2 red F18's. I didn't have two red F18's, but I DID have one red F18 and a red Harrier. But the mission doesn't allow you to mix them, so I had to restart anyway. Also, if you have to cancel a mission, especially if it is for some of those 4+1 ships, it is extremely painful as all progress is forfeit.)-Uncancellable missions(Some missions like logistics or Rescue CANNOT be cancelled. So even if you are immediate danger you HAVE to fulfill that mission to even be able to respond to it. The background for some of these missions is that you are rotating out aircraft pilots and you get replacements for them, sometimes with more advanced aircraft. But the fact that something like that is higher priority then I don't know, DEFENDING THE CARRIER, just makes me laugh at the absurdity. This is also the case with rescue missions, and although they are more important, the above reason still applies. A reasonable punishment for this would be not allowing the player to get that aircraft reinforced until they rescue them. Cargo missions are also like this but are avoidable; the mission only triggers if you unload them, so I often just store them in the hangar until the fight is over, seeing as there is no in game benefit to unloading it during the battle, even though its purpose is to resupply you. I understand some of my gripes are what adds challenge and depth to the game, but still. *shakes fist*)-The 'Meatball'/Landing lights do nothing(Its often almost impossible to tell what will cause a crash when an aircraft lands, it just seems to happen. Some situations like a stationary craft at the landing space being rear ended by another plane seem reasonable. But then there are others like the cargo plane overshooting the carrier and flying partially through the AWACS, wings unfolded on the catapult, and everything is perfectly fine.-Enemies cannot be 'respotted'(If an enemy was previously spotted and then you lose sight of them, they can sneak up on you as you don't get any warning when they appear again, and you often have your hands too full to notice.)-You can't refit an aircraft on an elevator space-You can't refit an aircraft in the hangar-As with all ESS games, I HIGHLY recommend you also read the manual, as the tutorial does not explain everything you need to knowOverall, this game gave me exactly what I asked for. A few suggestions for future content:*More Levels, maybe with randomized enemy spawn patterns*A Campaign with persistent units, where you can pick/buy what aircraft you want to take with you, several missions you can pick from, but with the same style of combat.*Fix the Meatball. If there is a risk of collision PERIOD, it should light up. Maybe even point out the possible conflict, but at the least let you know if there is a dangerous situation present. I've figured out what I have through guess work and trial and error."
,Recommended,580720,32582465,Posted: 19 June,all,Tetsip,"It's a fairly unique game. I very-much enjoyed this experience. It has the elements of a management game with the feel of an action game. You feel the urgency in launching your aircraft while at the same time you're stressed to micro-manage your landings, cargo intake, and parking of aircraft. One slip-up and you have multiple fires on deck, or a crew that you have to rescue.This game was well thought out in design and honestly I'm very pleased with my purchase. Definitely got more than my money's worth here."
,Recommended,580720,32684270,Posted: 23 June,all,Bad Whippet,"What is it?Carrier Deck is predominantly a point-and-click time management game towards the casual end of the market, but with the drama of naval warfare rather than the more whimsical themes of games typically found in this genre.  Buyers beware that this is no simulation or RTS (it's not trying to be) but a game of managing your priorities at speed before time (and your carrier's health) runs out.  The aim is to use your arsenal of aircraft to detect threats and defend the carrier.  You are given missions to execute in rapid-fire succession, and you must launch the appropriate aircraft to tackle them as quickly as possible, keeping landing zones clear for incoming aircraft returning from missions or delivering cargo.  You must fuel and prepare your aircraft for each sortee, and deal with the threat before it reaches your ship and causes damage.Is it any good?It's absolutely superb for a casual game (it doesn't actually feel like a casual game, in fact), and it's great fun!  The graphics are super for a small game like this and the developers have clearly put a lot of thought into managing the deck (positioning your aircraft).  There is a great range of aircraft including AWAAKS, Chinooks, F18s, surveillance and cargo craft, and you can use both the upper and lower decks of the carrier to manage your squadron (repairs taking place below deck, whilst repaired aircraft can be placed on lifts back to the main deck for preparation and launch).  There are a number of great camera views to watch all the action, but the game is so fast paced that I found it wasn't all that often I could sit back and enjoy the views.  It's just great that you CAN do this if you want to.  The game is accompanied by a quality online game manual but, in all honesty, the in-game tutorial campaign was totally sufficient to learn the game's intuitive point-and-click controls.Anything bad about it?Not much.  There are some minor niggles only.  For example: the game becomes very difficult but the developer is already looking at some balancing tweaks.  The free camera I would have liked to be more free than it is (totally petty gripe) just because I wanted to appreciate all the little details designed into the game.  The pathfinding can become a muddle when attempting to move more than a couple of aircraft at a time, which can cost you time and success.Summary...Carrier Deck is a fun time-management game brought over from the mobile market.  It really is a great time-filler, easy to learn and really enjoyable.  Excellent controls and tutorial, lovely graphics and greatly varied missions, coupled with that low price, make this a highly recommended game!  I love it and I hope there will be DLC for more missions."
,Recommended,580720,32525021,Posted: 17 June,all,TaoSoldier,"How to play this game the proper way:1. Mute the game music2. Put on some Kenny Loggins ""Danger Zone"" music3. Feel like a real air baws while managing the carrier deck"
76561197985619803,Recommended,580720,32494519,Posted: 16 June,all,dukeofanjou,"This game is a fun, casual simulation reminiscent of FTL. There are a few minor annoyances, like several mission types being unexplained in the tutorial and click boxes for things not being large enough. On the whole, it should keep you entertained for awhile."
76561198013907894,Recommended,580720,32560096,Posted: 19 June,all,Lion Heart,"when i was a kid i had this awesome huge plastic aricraft carrier with moving parts and diecast jets, best toy i had, this game gives me the same feelings i had when i was a kid playing with that toy, its a really good game, my only complaint is that during survival things quickly become overwhelming, i really want to just relax a little and enjoy sending planes on missions but theres just too much going on at once, your trying to re arm planes keep your radar up watch the threats coming in have all the planes in the right place set up the missions. theres alot happening, id love to see it slow down a bit."
,Recommended,580720,32550898,Posted: 18 June,all,Gerfervonbob,Really fun game. when I first started playing I felt that the game was too simple. However I've since changed my mind I think it has the prefect balance of aircraft and tasking. Things can get super chaotic and you have to really think through you moves ahead. The best feeling in the world is when you're in the zone and everything is running smoothly.Don't be fooled by what seems like a simplistic game. You really have to think about placment of aircraft on the deck and what elevators to use. You will fail if you don't think about things and just try to count on clicking fast enough. Great game!
76561198054268141,Recommended,580720,33288096,Posted: 5 July,all,x86naktora,"Have Deck stacked and prep for what comes next.Seahawk gets lost mid deck playing frogger in what is ample timeto get to helopad.F/A-18 comes in hot, and spears hawk. tumbling down the flight decklike a ball of hell. Taking out entire strike package with it.The entire deck is ablaze. Damage control works wonders getting it under control.Okay. Time to receive new aircraft....all my aircraft.15 birds on trying to land together. Deck back on fire.FMLdie, restart. not so bad this time around.6/10 will be great once ui is flushed out.serious potential for it for bringing in other era and types of carriers and Landing Helocopter Assaults (LHA)Does need a wave off button instead of abort landing. Ditching or letting the deck burn shouldnt be the only options....unless you are feeling malicious that day.  If such a button is added it would be acceptable to have an error rate on it so you cant just wave off every pass.Thanks best $10 i spent this year"
76561198018587518,Recommended,580720,33827454,Posted: 27 July,all,AwesomeViking,"Carrier crash simulator. You can bet your rear that just when the stress is about to boil over, a F18 will get stuck in a helicopter on the far end of the deck. Just as the plane landing will fail to hook and crash into them, while two helicopters crash on the landing pad. And now the entire deck is on fire and you can't see anything to try and salvage what is left as 74 submarines, 83 airplanes and 45 land threats target your carrier...10/10 Best fun I've had crashing planes on a carrier deck."
,Recommended,580720,33320072,Posted: 6 July,all,Doctor Buzzkill,"Cook, Serve, Deliciouswith fighter jets, but despite the great idea behind itCarrier Deckdoesn't deliver on the mechanics anywhere near as cleanly asCook, Serve, Deliciousdid.You're the air boss of an aircraft carrier with the responsibility of fueling and arming planes and helicopters and sending them off to counter a variety of helpfully colour-coded threats. The threats can appear on any of four threat layers -- Air, Surface, Submarine and Ground -- and require a recon craft to be sent up to detect them first, and then the appropriate number and type of aircraft must be vectored to intercept.  F-18 jets are used to take out air and surface threats; Sea King helicopters are sent to torpedo incoming submarines; and ground threats must often be countered by an Osprey-borne unit of special forces or marines. Using the right tool for the job is key -- while an F-18 can provide radar coverage if it has to, you're far better off using the dedicated E2C Hawkeye radar plane which has far more sensor range and endurance -- and more complex enemies require multiple aircraft or even multiple missions to counter.The actual gameplay mostly involves shuffling aircraft around the flight deck of the carrier to make all of this happen. You order them to a loading bay, arm them with the appropriate loadout for the mission you want them to do, and then send them onto a runway so that they can take off for a mission. Once launched a mission willalwaysbe successful, keeping the focus firmly on the carrier deck where it belongs; the onus is on you to make sure you have enough aircraft of the right loadout type to be able to launch the missions in the first place. If you don't counter an incoming threat before it drops off the left-hand side of the threat display it'll launch an attack that causes damage to the carrier, and the goal ofCarrier Deckis to get through a game with as little damage to the carrier as possible.With three or four simultaneous incoming threats to deal with it can become pleasingly taxing to juggle fighters in the right order to counter them. However, while the theme might fit the gameplay concept like a glove, the actual implementation of basic game mechanics leaves something to be desired. Pathfinding around the carrier is extremely weak, with pilots retreating to their parking bays to sulk if they run into anything at all on the way to the runway. Feedback on what you're doing wrong is practically non-existent; it took me several games before I realised I had to launch missions in the order I had them queued, and while the developers have since added a hint for this (it was a common complaint) it comes in the form of a bloody great pop-up box that completely blocks your view of what's going on. Finally, aircraft that are coming in to land will occasionally abort their landing and careen straight down the middle of the carrier deck, which can cause some rather entertaining fireballs if you're unfortunate enough to have anything taxiing around there at the time. I still have no idea why this happens.Carrier Deckis a solid enough game despite these flaws, but the inability of a game that demands incredibly precise input from the player to provide a predictable, understandable response to that input undoes it as a long-term prospect; you won't be sinking dozens of hours into this the way you didCook, Serve, Delicious. To be fair toCarrier Deck, it's not really intended to support that anyway since it has a much simpler campaign metagame, but I think that itcouldhave if it had undergone a couple more design/polish passes to eliminate these flaws and I'm disappointed that it's fallen some way short of its full potential.In summary: do buyCarrier Deckif you like the idea of a naval aviation-themedDiner Dash-style time management game, but be aware that its frustrations will eventually outweigh the enjoyment derived from pretending you're the angry cigar-chomping carrier captain fromTop Gun."
76561198002567771,Recommended,580720,32757686,Posted: 24 June,all,Xenus Icelon,"Carrier Deck is a simple management game where you control the deck of a carrier, select mission loadouts and manage who flies and where. Don't be fooled by the suggestion of a simulation game. It is definitely not one of those.While it isn't the most detailed by far, and certainly not hard, it is capable of occasionally providing decent challenges and keeping the action up at a decent flow in the campaign. There are however several issues with it that make it difficult to really get into it.(Campaign) Missions feel too small, and don't seem to really present a challenge except for the last few. But they are decent enough and enjoyable to play. On the contrary, 'quick' missions and endless mode are not really enjoyable as there is a large amount of waiting and when things do happen they seem to be randomly throwing things at you regardless of whether it's possible to succeed. This makes the endless mode more about luck than actually managing your carrier.The other flaws include the hitbox for clicking on things being just too small on many things, leading to clicking off something and wasting time, and the airplane/heli pathing being terrible. They only move in pre-determined paths, and when they run into one another they wait for only a second or two before deciding to turn around and go back to where they were before you ordered them. This in turn makes managing any more than two or three things at the same time a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ as you need to babysit almost everything or risk them deciding they don't really want to do what you told them to.Yet with all that, it's still decent. It's certainly not amazing, but it does what it tells you it will do, and it does so well enough to entertain. But it doesn't go past that, or try anything special, but it isn't bad at least. It's worth the price it asks for, but I wouldn't recommend it if you werent into any kind of management game. For those that are, Carrier Deck is worthwhile enough to try out."
76561198163383752,Not Recommended,580720,32911805,Posted: 27 June,all,draconins,"It rectifies a lot of interface issue which makes higher difficulties game more playable. To me it is worth the price, but not recommended if you don't like point and click management game.This game basically a carrier deck management , which has interesting concept and gameplay. You basically manage aircrafts and missions. You moves aircraft around for rearming, launching, repairs, and clearing the aircraft from landing zones once they land. You schedule and launch aircraft for search missions, air interception, ship attack, sub attack, or ground attack mission before enemies attack you.In previous version this game practically unplayable and very frustating in higher paced difficulties due to user interface. However most of important issues have been rectified, and some game mechanic changes, allowing the game to be enjoyed better.EDIT: Now the game is updated to version 1.1.2 my stance switched to recommended as above.The following review is original older version review :This game is more on carrier deck management has interesting concept and gameplay, however this wear out on fast paced game, as its interface is very frustrating in higher difficulties game. This is mainly because it doesn't use proper user interface, in normal Windows PC. It instead use 100% Tablet based control.EDIT: Do note that current open beta v1.1.1 rectifies a lot of interface issue which makes higher difficulties game more playable. My stance of the open beta version is Recommended.For example, no right click ( either for move or options). When clicking on target, you don't get immediate indication whether aircraft is moving or you misclick. This misclick often happen on fast paced just because the games think you are not clicking on proper spot, which is made worse by no hover indication that you are in right spot, there is no highlight hover or anything, instead it will simply unselect regardless whether you made proper action or not,  I did record several times that i click in proper place near border but seems the game hitbox doesn't agree. Another example on hangar you often can't click properly on elevator just behind the bridge. Please use modern interface, at least click to select, right click to move if proper mouse is present.This is made worse, with stupid queuing under the deck where aircraft trying to return on initial position while waiting for elevator spot, especially so in before patch 1.0.2. The game is interesting on lower level but become very frustatingly unplayable in higher pace, because of the above mentioned UI issue."
,Not Recommended,580720,34477371,Posted: 25 August,all,spaceboy,"Had I reviewed this game a month ago, I would have rated it positive, but having packed in well over 100 hours now, the design flaws and bugs are now standing out like sore thumbs.  If Steam had a better review system with a ""so so"" option, I would choose that instead of pure thumbs down.First let me say, that for many it will still be worth $10.  You can still have a lot of fun with it.  So, I'm not telling you to avoid it, but rather, know what you're getting before buying.  It is still in active development, and many positive changes  and bug fixes have been made, so many of us are hoping that all the issues will be addressed at some point, but there hasn't been any word lately about a new patch.The 3 single biggest cons, IMO, are:1) The RNG factor is many times so far out of balance that it destroys the game, even in the easier modes and missions, and that is definitely not fun.  The dev seems to be resistant on adjusting this, claiming that it's 'hard to get right'.I simply have to disagree, because the easiest way to address it is to limit the number of enemy craft to the number of available defensive craft.  It's hard to imagine that this would be difficult.  This may not be the most elegant solution, but it would be far better than having to restart a mission because the RNG has made it impossible to play.2)  There is no unlimited play mode, which is quite bizarre for a game of this type.  Unlimited play / crash is kind of a must have mode for these kinds of games to allow for more relaxed play.  I have quite often played Unlimited mode in Airport Madness.  The dev has all but rejected the idea of unlimited mode, saying or implying that, ""the game is supposed to end....you're supposed to die"".Unlimited modes are also great for training.3) Limited replayability.So, those are the top 3 for me.There are a small variety of other bugs, as well as design issues, and opinions will vary on the design issues.  Here are a few of the design issues.* Aside from the campaigns, you have 'quick game' mode and 'surivival' mode.  Quick game has a set number of missions for its' 3 levels, and survival is theoretically unlimited, however, the RNG is designed to kill you off after awhile by sending you more missions than you can handle, or, send you missions for which you don't have enough craft to defeat.Survival mode is where some of us have a beef, because the mode is deliberately rigged in favor of the AI, and as such, it's not entirely skill based.* Another debatable issue is the inability to send more than one craft type on a standard mission.  It's considered by some to be 'part of the challenge' of managing the logistics, but some of us would prefer to have the option to do it, even if there's a penalty of some kind.* There is no point system, and no real depth to bring additional tatics and strategy in to the game.  Now, the game is still very new, so I wouldn't expect it necessarily to have all of this stuff out of the gate, but eventually it would help the replayabiltiy a lot to have a point system, which could work in conjunction with other options, for example, you would get maximum points for using the ideal craft on a mission, and lesser points for using sub prime craft on an attack.  This would let players keep a game going in a pinch by sacrificing points.* No custom mission creator, and as such, no way to share custom missions with fellow players.  Once you've done all the campaigns, you're only option is to replay them and try to get 5 stars across the board.* Another thing, that isn't really an 'issue' per se, but just something that could be improved, is that the other 2 viewing modes are impossible to use when the action is heavy, which is much of the time.  During a typical fast paced game, you have to be in deck view, and you miss out on take offs and landings.  The only real solution here is multi monitor support, but there doesn't seem to be any talk from the dev about that.    This is somewhat trivial, but it would be nice to have.So, that's the jist of it.  For many, it's worth the $10 even with these issues, but for me and some others, we have kind of burned out due to the issues and lack of replayability."
,Recommended,580720,32702834,Posted: 23 June,all,kjh0209,Ya know those certain games in which makes you want to pull your hair out because of the constant pressure you're under?My friend...this is one of those games.
,Not Recommended,580720,34075446,Posted: 6 August,all,Aeternitas,"This is an awesome idea, and the gameplay is... ususally fun, and tense at times, with great graphics! But unfortunately, the UI issues and AI pathing issues plague this game nearly to the point of monitor-breaking frustration. The UI often simply doesn't respond to your hectic clicking, or will select the wrong option or aircraft. In other cases, the hitbox to select a certain aircraft or selection is ridiculously small. And the AI pathing is mind bogglingly bad, with two aircraft heading to places near each other simply not able to find a way around each other. Also, there is no queue system for your movement orders, so you cannot queue aircraft to do action x after completing y, or to move to spot a once the aircraft in that spot moves. Which leads me to one of my biggest frustrations: if an aircraft is rearming, and you give it a move order, it will CANCEL the rearming to move the aircraft immediately, meaning you have to start from scratch!Finally, go-around probability is waaaaaaaaay too high. I understand that if it was the same as real life, it might not happen in 50 or 60 hours of game time, but this is still kinda ridiculous! Aircraft go around practically every other landing, resulting in frustrating crashes with aircraft that would have been safe had the landing aircraft not gone around. I understand it's a gameplay mechanic, but it needs to be toned down a good bit.EDIT 8/17: Aircraft come back damaged waaaaay too often, which screws you over 9 times out of 10 because your only available heli to kill a sub came back damaged after one mission, and crashes on takeoff. Or even worse, your 4+1 Battleship missions get screwed over because You can't mix and match aircraft? Need 4 blue aircraft, and have two blue harriers and two f18s? Nope, sorry, absolutely impossible.Tl;dr: I want to love this game, I had quite a few fun moments with it, but awful UI and AI issues make the game unreasonably hard due to it's own rather iffy design."
76561197969743264,Recommended,580720,32519786,Posted: 17 June,all,p1r2ll3x,"Came here after reading the review on Rock Paper Shotgun. Have read reviews of the developers other games and thought this was a good way of testing them out. Glad I went for it game has a simple setup but is good fun and very addictive. Would be great if they could add more to it or flesh it out more in a sequel. Different time periods are definitely needed, Saratoga and Ark Royal DLC? Point defences? Beach Volleyball mini game make it happen!"
76561198030483493,Recommended,580720,32543002,Posted: 18 June,all,Ghoztfac3,"Carrier Deck is a game where you get to play as an air boss and manage the launch and recovery cycles of your air wing. You're responsible for parking your planes and helos, refueling them, arming them, and then sending them off on a variety of missions to combat incoming threats. Along the way, you have to keep an eye on your radar, handle incoming resupply planes/helos, perform maintenance and repairs below decks using the elevators, and keep the flight deck clear to prevent collisions with incoming planes.Overall this game is great fun, especially if you're into carrier ops and airport management games. Since it's a time management game, the pace is sometimes a bit frantic, but that's what adds to the challenge. The campaign begins with a good series of tutorials to get you used to the controls, after which it throws you into increasingly-difficult missions. It's not an overly-complex game like CMANO or other ATC games which means it's something anyone can pick up and play without having to knowing the ins and outs of naval warfare.The game is a light download (<300MB) but the graphics are great and the different available cameras are a nice addition for immersion. The controls are easy to learn and you'll be clicking the mouse a lot to move your planes across the deck and get them properly loaded up. Everything is easy to learn but difficult to master due to the nuances of flight deck management. This gives it a lot of replayability.I hope there will be some additional campaigns and aircraft added in the coming months, but so far, this game is definitely worth the small price."
,Recommended,580720,33208882,Posted: 3 July,all,Bankler,"Kept me up until 3AM in the night. So much fun, at least if you're into carrier ops! Very impressed how much fun I got for 10 bucks."
,Recommended,580720,32627859,Posted: 21 June,all,zivyterc,"Have you ever played one of those mobile apps where you need to guide aircrafts to an airport? This is ... not quite it. This is  a cross between that and plants and zombies but 100x harder and more hectic. You'll be juggling several types of aircrafts and missions over carrier deck in order to complete missions. Every action takes some time, but the enemies keep on advancing, so you need to rect quickly and try to be prepared for everything. Later missions are real frenzy. Sadly there are moments when a perfect run is ruined by a stupid AI - especially when moving aircrafts between parking slots. Devs promised to work on the worst bugs and the game should get only better."
,Recommended,580720,32541598,Posted: 18 June,all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"Surprisingly stressful, the whole business of managing what's going in and out of an aircraft carrier.Clearly low-budget, but they used every penny where it matters."
,Recommended,580720,34163865,Posted: 11 August,all,Isenderen,"There are really only two things i can complain about with this game.1. The routing for aircraft needs some work. Planes shouldnt just get stuck when they want to go in the same spots. Real aircraft would go around each other.2. There really needs to be DLC or options to switch types of planes. For example switch out the the F-18s with F-14s, or F-8s, or even F-4s. That would add alot of replayability to the game in my opinion and it would add some customization options.But, other than these things, this is a very solid game. If there was a star rating id give it a 4.5/5 stars."
76561198011103585,Recommended,580720,32805276,Posted: 26 June,all,Beric01,"This game lets me fulfill my childhood dream of managing an aircraft carrier, while being quite the challenging time management game. Highly recommended if that sounds interesting at all to you. Game has a bit of a learninging curve, but can be quite rewarding.The game does have a few quirks including:-Plane pathfinding can be odd - sometime planes will bump into and get stuck in each other-The plane queue can be a a bit hard to read - it's easy to plan a queue for the wrong plane type, have a mandatory cargo mission occur right after, and then take a hit from an enemy because you can't cancel the cargo missions the game throws at you to correct your mission.- I've seen some bugs with outfitting a plane for a mission - sometimes a certain outfit refuses to equip even after a minute-plusOverall the devs seem to be active and commited to updating their game, so I'm looking forward to seeing issues addressed. I will heartily recommend the game as is."
76561198234273348,Recommended,580720,32660934,Posted: 22 June,all,Avwriter,"Carrier Deck has considerably more depth than it may appear to have on the store page promo, or even in the first couple of sessions.  Some have claimed it to be a  crude “clickfest,” and while there is a lot of clicking, there is nothing simple about it, and quite a lot of strategy is needed to be successful.Do note that this is not a game where you will be seeing or participating the dogfights or air battles.  Your job to identify threats on the radar and to determine which aircraft should be tasked to which missions, which includes prepping them with fuel and weapons, assigning them to launch positions, and keeping them out of each others way.  Ir's totally up to you where to park each aircraft and when to move them between the main deck and the hangar deck below.  You have many decisions to make, and they must be made quickly.   Mess up, and missiles will rain down on your ship, planes will crash spectacularly across your deck, and if you take enough damage, eventually your carrier will sink.The game has a extensive career mode, as well and a quick mission generator.  The developer is very active in the forums and is using user feedback to tweak the game.  He has also stated that there is more content and features to come down the road.  Beyond that, it includes a detailed and well written manual, which is a rarity these days.  After playing a few sessions and getting clobbered, it is nice to have it to refer to as it goes into more detail than the included tutorial.  It is great fun, and there is a lot of detail to get your head around, which magnifies the sense of accomplishment as you improve."
,Recommended,580720,32626187,Posted: 21 June,all,fakeasassincookie,"Great game, even better concept, but I feel like a difficulty setting should be in place, so that the more casual players can get a bit more into it, rather than being overwhelmed with tasks to do.It'd also be quite nice if it told you why you cant launch aircraft insteading of just not letting you.overall 3/5 stars."
,Recommended,580720,32548928,Posted: 18 June,all,Trien,"Fun game, hectic, Definatley could use some qualify life improvements.  Ie at least 2 queuing commandsfor each aircraftand it could use hotkeys.7/7/17 Updated Review:Alot of quality of life improvements are in place, and i retract the queueing of aircraft comment with the newer changes. I am leaving it here in my original for posteriity.No hot keys yet, but I have  put in 70 hours into this game...just pulls you in.The developer works his♥♥♥♥♥off, and I feel bad for always asking for improvements. But seems to be a good guy and very very responsive on forums."
76561197983778541,Recommended,580720,32473678,Posted: 16 June,all,Rongor,"Right after purchase, I had to play 4 hours straight. This nice strategy title comes for a cheap price, so don't expect too much content. Yet you will experience an entertaining challenge focusing on management of air assets on the flight deck.The campaign provides a challenge, without letting you suffer from too much setbacks or frustration. It is true that you do mostly the same each mission. Yet you will have to adapt to different situations, by preparing your aircraft in an appropriate mix for the upcoming task. There is almost always something to do. In the end, it is all about having your aircraft prepared at the right time for the right task.Watch some letsplays on YT or the dev's tutorial videos. What you see there is pretty much what you get. The rest is a matter of taste. Considering I only paid 10 bucks for this title, Carrier Deck doesn't dissapoint.Just like their previous titles, Vietnam'65 and Afghanistan'11, I can totally recommend this game."
76561197998487189,Not Recommended,580720,33429291,Posted: 10 July,all,Joke,"The game was a great disappointment. Graphics looked great, radio voices were cool....but.....everyone on the carrier deck acts like a total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag. At the end it comes down to a click orgy because you have to make even the smallest decision yourself.Planes will collide relentlessly as if piloted by idiotes if not given them their proper places at the proper time.Cargo missions superceed combat missions even though the carrier is under attack. Ridiculous.The game was  such a great idea badly executed."
76561198405502846,Recommended,580720,34244139,Posted: 14 August,all,tomos650,Great game allthough landing system is annoying i would reccomend it :)
,Recommended,580720,34265907,Posted: 15 August,all,Thunderthud,"The latest offering from ‘Every Single Soldier’, the creators of Vietnam '65 and Afghanistan '11, 'Carrier Deck' is a unique and interesting concept based around the operation of a Nimitz-class, nuclear-powered supercarrier's flight deck, specifically the USS Ronald Reagan (CV-76). In short, 'Carrier Deck' takes this concept and executes it incredibly well with little to criticize. The result is simple, fun, and immersive multi-layered gameplay.Based around a wave system, 'Carrier Deck' gives you command of a large variety of U.S. Navy combat aircraft, such as F-18s, E-2s, V-22s and many more, to combat a faceless enemy. Displayed on a series of bars at the bottom of the screen, enemy contacts will attempt to reach the carrier by sea, air, and land. In the event that something does reach your carrier it will cause damage and deplete a segment of your carrier’s health pool. Once this pool is drained your carrier is destroyed. To avoid taking damage you must utilise your aircraft to pull back the fog of war which covers these bars by default (with the exception of the land bar) and then queue and launch air missions to destroy these threats. Each aircraft can be used in multiple roles and must be equipped for the right mission before it can be employed to execute said mission. In addition to this you must recover aircraft coming into land and make sure that your carrier deck does not become too crowded with aircraft crossing paths. If an aircraft lands and the previous aircraft has not yet been removed from the rear of the deck, then this can cause a collision which will also result in damage to your carrier. In addition to the actual flight deck you also have access to the hanger deck which can be used for aircraft storage when the flight deck is becoming a little crowded but its primary purpose serves as the area in which you repair damaged aircraft. When returning from sorties aircraft have a chance of being damaged, these aircraft can be sent out again but they will often crash upon return, potentially destroying other aircraft on the flight deck and so the best option is to repair them ASAP. This is done by transferring aircraft between decks with the use of the four elevators. This serves to add an extra layer to the gameplay and keep your mind frantically ticking over. In addition to this, during some game modes the carrier may also have to take on cargo, or additional aircraft, on top of the combat duties you are also attempting to perform. All of these elements come together to produce a multi-layered and immersive experience which will often leave you juggling several things at the same time and serve to add diversity to gameplay. If all of this sounds at all confusing though not to worry! 'Carrier Deck' features an informative tutorial on all elements of gameplay and once you start playing it will all become second nature.'Carrier Deck' features three modes to choose from; Campaign, Survival, and Quick Play. The campaign mode offers a series of mini campaigns which each consist of a small number of missions with scripted opponents, aircraft sets, and obstacles. However these campaigns can be anything but quick to complete if you are aiming for five stars of completion on each mission. This star rating system which accompanies the campaign missions is determined by the damage your carrier takes, with five stars indicating that your carrier suffered no damage. Attempting to achieve this took me around 30 hours in total with some missions offering significant enough challenge to have restarting them countless times. While these campaigns are displayed on a world map the location of each campaign is not of significance to the gameplay and does not serve to change the backdrop in any real way. Survival, as you can probably guess, sees you facing off against an endless wave of enemies with the objective of lasting as long as possible. This mode is available to play in three difficulties which scales the threats you will face. Lastly the quick play mode is somewhat similar to the survival mode in that is offers you the choice of three difficulties but the function of these difficulties differ. Essentially quick play is a random mode like survival but with a time limit, the difficulties decide the length of time your game will last with 10, 20, and 30 minutes being represented by each of the three difficulties.Like many other games from ‘Every Single Soldier,’ 'Carrier Deck' is a game which is available on tablet/smart phone platforms as well as on PC. While this means that elements of the user interface (UI) are often larger than it may seem that they need to be on PC, they are not horribly large and are by no means too obtrusive in my opinion, however it would have been nice to see an option to scale the UI. Additionally the options for ‘Carrier Deck’ are rather sparse and though this is in part because it is a simple game, it would have been nice to see some more options for something like hotkeys for the PC version which would come in useful managing all there is to do aboard the USS Ronald Reagan. Another issue that this game has is that when aircraft meet on the deck on intersecting paths, the pathing of aircraft leaves much to be desired. These encounters often end in both of the aircraft turning around and returning to their points of origin. While this is something that can be resolved though stricter management of aircraft on the deck and an understanding of AI pathing, it is definitely something which could use some improvement. One final small criticism I would make is that the time of day, weather, and setting of the backdrop could have been manipulated more. While this is not an important aspect of the game the same plain ocean setting, for the most part in the clear bright day, feels like a missed opportunity and I think it would have been particularly interesting to have had missions set at night, or in a storm for example, as well as increasing the diversity of the games visuals, it could also be used as another mechanism to increase difficulty as aircraft on the flight deck could be harder to see or instance.In summary 'Carrier Deck' is an interesting concept and a well-executed game which treads new ground both for the genre and the developer. Despite the few improvements I believe could be made to the game, 'Carrier Deck' remains a simple, multi-layered, unique, and enjoyable experience within the genre and even for the full price of £6.99 (or your regional equivalent), 'Carrier Deck' is well worth the price for the time and enjoyment that can be had from it."
,Recommended,580720,33204978,Posted: 3 July,all,TheConvicted,"I'm addicted to this game. I love it! It's not a sim so dont expect military realism but its great fun with a few quirks here and there.I dislike the survival mode RGN, sometimes its riduclous sending a strike group for you to destroy. The rest are small things like the interface being slightly clusmy and the alerts not being attention grabbing enough. The alert for aircraft on the landing strip are to mundane that I easily forget about it, despite it being a critical event.But overall this game is great fun! The trailers don't do it justice. I REALLY hope they include different carriers, aircraft, nations and maybe even dusk or night ops. *Wishful thinking!! but i believe in ya! =D"
76561198000012982,Recommended,580720,32613493,Posted: 21 June,all,lol,"So i've looked at a few youtube videos about this game. Looked fun, so i bought it.Played 3 hours straight- it's extremely fun and time flies while playing.My recommendation would be go see some gameplay and then decide if you like it. But overall, it's a nice, fun, simulator-ish  game. For the 10$ it's a nice addition to my library.I am pretty confident with my gaming skills, know fair lot about navy and the rest military, even watched gameplay videos but this game kinda took me by surprise. It's probably the first game i've played that made me open the game manual.Thats that. There are some things that need improvement though. If you are deciding whether to get this game or not and you never seen it, don't read further.The AI is stupid. If you click two planes to go to certain places and their path intercepts each other, they sometimes will just stop and do nothing for good 5 seconds, then just return to their original places. It does not matter how well you organize and move your aircraft to avoid this, but it happens from time to time.Next thing- clicking on aircraft ( selecting them ) is okay. Giving them an order though is annoying. If you miss the arrows by a pixel, the order won't go through and they will be sitting on the catapult. Happened too many times in my 3h of playtime not to get mentioned.Next up- switching aircraft while queing them for a mission. This isn't that big of a deal, but could be easily improved by making 3 seperate buttons ( or whatever amount of available aircraft you have ) instead of the one, which you press to switch between aircraft.The last thing that comes to my mind would be how the hell a new player who is not familiar with military aircraft that this game has can identify which is f18 and which is sh60. There is the name on the popup, but it's dang small and in a heat of assault it can be missed easily."
,Recommended,580720,32542389,Posted: 18 June,all,Cleaver,I knew what I was buying before i purchased and wasn't expecting a deep simulation or anything over the top but what has been delivered is a casual managemnet game with a little depth. For the asking price of $10 I think it's bang on the money but I would really like to see some more missions added in the future. The graphics are nice to look at and the click management can sometimes be challenging when you get a lot of targets to hit and plenty of aircraft to setup on the deck. It reminds of an old game I had on Iphone called Deck Boss but this is done a lot better.
76561198064163351,Recommended,580720,32619201,Posted: 21 June,all,steven777,What a pleasant suprise. This game is excellent. Great UI. Well thought out game. 10/10
76561197999039510,Recommended,580720,32779162,Posted: 25 June,all,[CaEk] Raw Vecticz | NOR,"Great game! Have been stuck with this intense arcade-simulator for the last three days now. Heck - I couldn't even get to bed on time the other night, and ended up really tired at work the other day!The game has great graphics, doesn't take up too much disk space (only 250MB..!!), and is really suitable for gaming in airports, on airplanes, trains (longer trips..) or even during boring lectures at college!Even though the planes do sometimes act weird by stopping unnessesarily for eachother (minor bug fixes), the game is REEEALLY great!Worth EVERY PENNY! :D"
,Recommended,580720,32790073,Posted: 25 June,all,LyNx,Simply addicting...played through the campaing which gets a bit repetetive as u get better managing but still really worth 10€ in my oppinion...some additional content would be great anywaybut i definity recommend it
76561198024504977,Recommended,580720,32856248,Posted: 27 June,all,matthiaswuethrich,"A nice game. Don't underestimate it. It will challenge your skills to think fast, think ahead and it will keep pushing you. Remember, every bird you launch, will come home eventually. So if you launch them in rapid sucession,,, that is how they will come in afterwards. Plan ahead and have enough planes for every mission ready. But be carefull ... don't run out on planes when you need them the most.I really enjoy this game. And with the awards avaiable the fun will last for more than one play-trough. And the price is reasonable I think. So go ahead, load HIGHWAY TO THE DANGERZONE into your spottyfy and get the birds into the air!"
76561198262973040,Recommended,580720,33075941,Posted: 1 July,all,ternnence,Path Finding-system needs fix.This game is all right but path finding problem reminds me of silly Dragoons in StarScraft 1.
76561198014649631,Recommended,580720,32625344,Posted: 21 June,all,vangomaextreme,It's a Slitherine backed game - enough said!
76561198077777998,Recommended,580720,32646286,Posted: 22 June,all,SashaLogan7,"Great, fun and interesting! Did take me a while to understand how to make aircraft take off.What I would like to see implemented in the future. More aircraft carriers (even WW2 aircraft carriers), more aircraft, more and improved animations. When loading an aircraft I would like to see different animations for each vehicle.Over all fun!Ps, it can be run on a crap laptop"
,Recommended,580720,33027274,Posted: 30 June,all,[SGDN] Guardian,"Engaging, addictive, fun casual carrier deck management game. While it seems pretty easy and straightforward it has more depth than most similar management games in the genre. However the pathfind should be improved and the difficulty spike should be decreased in some missions. But otherwise its highly recommended for those who love similar games."
76561197994486693,Recommended,580720,32639410,Posted: 22 June,all,ADF-Snake,"This game is amazing. It's a time managment/ RTS style game where you really need to think ahead and constantly adapt to new threats. Very fun, 9/10 would recommend to any Time Management buffs out there."
76561198087009833,Recommended,580720,34478120,Posted: 25 August,all,SovietConscript,Very good game. Very fast paced. Makes you want to rage sometimes. Its VERY fast paced. But you do get used to it. Be smart! Use common sense and it'll get you somewhere in this game.
76561198080228699,Not Recommended,580720,32745585,Posted: 24 June,all,VEERRRYYYY NAISEEE,"pathfinding is horrendous. which is fine for most games, but for a game that pushes multitasking to the limit, this can potentially ruin the entire game. get ready to rage if you buy this game.planes crashes are cool tho"
,Recommended,580720,32482996,Posted: 16 June,all,Snaxx,"Clicker/time management game that has a lot of elements that have been done before on iPad games, but it still feels great to light off a 4-flight on all of the catapults.Neat variety of planes, and tactics do come into play later in the levels in regards to what planes you use for which missions."
76561197997889730,Recommended,580720,32573227,Posted: 19 June,all,alistair.smith7,"I've been gaming for a few decades now but I've never been driven to come and write a review until I played this. Maybe it's because I was coming up to about 30 hours without sleep (long story) but oh my god, it's just ingenious and fun! A really lovely mix of multi-tasking management stuff  and tower defense kind of play. Once you've played for 15 mins and it clicks, it's very hard to put it down. Very very well done to Every Single Soldier. I just can't stop playing it.At first I thought it was a touch buggy because planes would sometimes steer into each other and then they wouldn't know where to go but actually I think it works equally well as if it were by design becuase you not only have to tell them where to go but you have to think about the route they will take and time it with the other moves you are making. So let's give them the benefit of the doubt and say it's by design.One of my favourite games of the year so far no doubt. Bit gutted it's F-18 Hornets instead of Tomcats though :( (I know, I'm old)."
76561198062085771,Recommended,580720,33121625,Posted: 2 July,all,matt19852085,An enjoyable and addictive game but it can be very annoying at times especially when you click to send a certain aircraft here and send a certain aircraft there but then they meet each other and get stuck that can be annoying in the heat of battle apart from that it is well worth a play it has good gameplay and the price is right.
,Recommended,580720,32625805,Posted: 21 June,all,Slettal,"If you ever wanted to know what it's like to be the Air Boss of a Nimitz Class Supercarrier, this is the game for you. This is a time management game (not a simulation, don't expect realism). This means you have a limit amount of ressource (airplaines, helos, launch catapults, time since you have to arm your craft for the specific threat) and you have to manage threats (air, surface, submarine, land).+ decent graphics+ good tutorial+ Campaign (Szenarios which gradually introduce new concepts, no Story though). Each mission is arround 10 minutes.+ endless survival mode+ quick game (random game, survive 12 waves)+ 3 different difficulty levels+ variety of craft+ cool sound (music / effects)- can be frustrating at times- only one carrier- no story in the campaignPerfect to play a few quick games with no big time committment"
76561198096135545,Recommended,580720,32786075,Posted: 25 June,all,Chaos,"This is how I would say this game is broken down; 20% skill, 50% OH GOD, 10% HURRY UP, and 20% restart. Other than that, I find this game very fun, challenging, stressful and rewarding. The fact that in one level there seems to be a never ending line of amphibious targets and only 3 Chinooks, which seem to break down every other mission, you have to get used to repairing the helos very quick, or you die."
76561198013712808,Recommended,580720,33155760,Posted: 2 July,all,fhevia,Simple but well done. Worth several hours of entertainment. Plays like a tablet game.The survival modes are either too easy (survived for over 4 hours and quit in boredom) or exageratedly hard (cant survive more that 20 minutes on medium difficulty).It is ok.
76561198186717841,Recommended,580720,32578870,Posted: 19 June,all,DaPrez123,good game. the only problem is that the loading of each aircraft can be very slow.
76561198051298480,Recommended,580720,32747541,Posted: 24 June,all,Husker,"arctic missions 2 WAAAAAY to hard...Nice game but needs difficulty settings.I got sub after sub comming at me, And i got choppers crashing on my deck.5th try i was moving a chopper acros the deck, A landing plane i didnt even see took out my chopper and 4 other parked planes...Fun game but comeon... 12 trys latter... F this game!One thing that would be VERY helpful... Alow refitting on the elevators.A upgrad system would be nice to, Faster fitting times.Also... Speed controlls.. Ya we can speed up the game but it would be nice to slow it down or even pause and plan ahead.And maybe auto taxi after landing, To much to keep an eye on without bothering where my aircraft are going.Ok game, Just wish i wasnt passed the two hours... All im saying."
76561197985297096,Not Recommended,580720,32753684,Posted: 24 June,all,Tran455,Could be a lot more fun if it wasn't death by a thousand clicks.I get the fast-paced setting with dealing with multiple incomings - but this game takes it to a whole new level of annoyance. No way to set plane load outs beyond individually selecting each one. Horrible AI when it comes to moving things onto elevators.Could be a lot more fun. I love all the other games these guys make - I utterly hate this one. It's like playing a modern version of Star Wars Rebellion - hundreds and hundreds of clicks.
,Recommended,580720,32840522,Posted: 26 June,all,Orthopraxis,Super fun little time management game. Absolutely worth the 10 bucks.
76561198001792274,Recommended,580720,32860502,Posted: 27 June,all,Richthofen56,"You multi-taskers are gonna love this one. Nice slow tutorial start and then things get really busy, fast.Recommend that you play the Top Gun soundtrack in the background..."
,Recommended,580720,33163400,Posted: 2 July,all,I'm Pao Hui>>>>>>>>>>,"Quite a challenging game with full of fun, and it really push your organisational things to the limit. Best advice: maintain your plane as frequently as you could, especially in the later part of the campaign."
76561198005920534,Recommended,580720,32613912,Posted: 21 June,all,ghostly909,"There are improvements that should be made,especially pathfinding.The last thing you need when 4 operations are ongoing is one of your 1st in queue planes cant get to the cat to launch.Priority should be given to launching so 2 planes dont just sit there facing each other,causing all queued missions to fail and BANG goes the carrier."
76561197969470224,Not Recommended,580720,32438988,Posted: 15 June,all,BadKarma,"Played it for almost 2 hours  and imho the game becomes a clickfest!I was  especting a diffrent game though, so if you are looking for more of a ""simulation"" beware this game might not be for you. If you like fast paced clickaction with military elements that entertains for a few minutes, look into it!Maybe i get it for my ipad for flights and train travel."
76561197970973269,Not Recommended,580720,33561064,Posted: 15 July,all,dalmac,"Game is fun but has way to many flaws, Main one you have now planes bolter or miss the wire 33% of the time and hit things still parking. Planes on a real carrier DO NOT MISS THE WIRE 33% 1/3 landings. Then to have a plane or chopper sitting there at half ready and sitting there at half till you move them to another parking space and start over again makes it about impossible to finish missions with 5 stars. Why should anyhitng get to half and stop and just stay there for 5 minutes is plain stupid in a clicker timer game."
76561198079238829,Not Recommended,580720,33655164,Posted: 19 July,all,Save Private Cena,10 Missclicks of 10! FIX THIS ALREADY!
,Recommended,580720,32526032,Posted: 17 June,all,Norm,"The day of release I saw a video on YouTube posted by Smash GaminG!! - Frazzz and immediately I knew I had to get this. I wasn't able to watch the whole video by Smash GaminG!! - Frazzz as I started yelling at the screen because so frustrating to watch however it was just my kind of simple but fun game that allows me to while away an hour whilst waiting for dinner or just plain avoiding work.It wasn't available until midnight on the 16th June for me but fortune made me wake up at 330am at which point I was very surprised at how cheap the game was. Still I bought it and next thing I knew it was 530am and my alarm was going off.This game is additive, Campaign and the Challenge mode are fun and the tutorial makes good work of teaching you to play. The PDF based manual is also a good read to understand how/what to do.However the best way is to dive in and play.Graphics are fantastic so is the sound, a few minor niggles with some gameplay but it has, for me at least, the perfect mix of simple gameplay, fun and management. I've gotten immense satisfaction from having my aircraft in the right spot ready to go and even when I've finished a level I always continue playing until the last aircraft has landed, refueled and stowed away.This is a great game and best of all its something that provides a different experience each time you play it."
,Not Recommended,580720,32757136,Posted: 24 June,all,Ellie,"This game is good on the skin, but the controls and mechanics are ♥♥♥♥ing cancer. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥so it doesn't look like it's straight off a ♥♥♥♥ing demo disk from the early 2000's."
,Recommended,580720,32556376,Posted: 18 June,all,[M] Lopoetve,"Not bad, good time waster over all.  There are a few missions that are...  well, annoying as hell♥♥♥♥♥ because your pilots have the pathfinding of drunk chimpanzees when driving around the carrier deck sometimes (and the answer to a conflict is ""both of you stop and wait till someone crashes into you"".  You spend a bit more time baby-sitting zoomies than you do actually responding, in other words, but I blew plenty of time into it on amusement sake."
76561197972676613,Not Recommended,580720,33175180,Posted: 3 July,all,Lenny_boi,"despite following tutorial instructions, game is bugged and unable to launch missions to inttercept the enemy. This game is simply disappointing and does not follow good logical and strategic movves and forces you to follow distinct and predictable steps. Any deviation from the expected path and your planes do not launch. Poor design,"
76561198066925484,Recommended,580720,34547188,Posted: 28 August,all,[UEE] MasterUhu,"This is one of those simulators I have waited a long time on, and finally, someone created it. It's really fast paced so keep your mind focus and keep calm. It's a great game with simple easy to learn, hard to master controls. The view of the carrier is amazing and well made. The only bad thing for me is the AI being a bit weird at times, where they easily get stuck looking at each other, not knowing how to go around each other. But if you at good at timing and managed many things at the same time, it won't be a problem. But it would be good if they improved the AI path system.I recommend this game"
76561198214665060,Recommended,580720,32825747,Posted: 26 June,all,Meaterschmitt,"I think i will enjoy this game when they fix this one bug, When ever i play the camera will not let me move and stay anywhere and it will keep putting my back to the left of the screen"
76561198030948062,Recommended,580720,33445210,Posted: 10 July,all,flipmo234,Simple to play. Hard to master.  Well worth your money.
76561198072058831,Recommended,580720,33323917,Posted: 6 July,all,EMPIRE Kaden,I launch the game and click play and it loads then i promps me to click the play button over and over again plz help
,Recommended,580720,33354897,Posted: 7 July,all,Darthun,"Great game, great fun, good price.Sadly, the pathfinding issue mentitonned in other reviews is so omnipresent, you have to deal with it constantly. It takes about half of your time, leaving you only half of your attention on the game. This makes the game alot harder.Right now, i'd give it 7/10 with a 8/10 if they fix the path finding issue.You wont play this game more than 20 hours."
,Recommended,580720,33430419,Posted: 10 July,all,deathpunk2783,"Great Fun, worth a go if your into this type of game"
76561198006125695,Recommended,580720,33458407,Posted: 11 July,all,PointBlank,"Very enjoyableTakes a few restarts till you get to grips with it but when you do it's fun and rewarding.More going on than you first realise, well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,580720,33403460,Posted: 9 July,all,DiamondSSundee,I really like this game.Quick Question: will there be multiplayer?
76561198003603178,Recommended,580720,33506929,Posted: 13 July,all,HeliBart,The game is AWESOME!!
76561198016739532,Recommended,580720,33144860,Posted: 2 July,all,Chaser Zulu,"REVISED REVIEW:Great concept, good execution with a few MUST KNOW ABOUT catches.  For those who may have noticed, my original opinion was NOT RECOMMENDED.  As you can see, I've changed that.  Carrier Deck has a noticable learning curve, but nothing that you can't adapt to.  There are no hot keys.  What that means is if you don't point and click properly, aircraft don't do what you need them to do...that can be annoying.1.  You as the player are the ONLY intelligent person running EVERYTHING.  The game is stacked so that you're jumping out of your♥♥♥♥♥to make things work.  This has a decent chance of eliminating the fruits of your gaming labor.  There are times where I don't have aircraft to address a threat so the carrier takes a beating.2.  Several game modes are available.  All are worth your time.  I particularly enjoy survival mode.  Pay close attention to the radar/sonar ranges.  Personally, I think the ranges are way short if you don't have warning aircraft flying...but you can overlook that.  This game is about resource management, (NOT A CARRIER SIM).  I wanna make that clear because a fellow gamer insinuated that.  I never said that, nor have I ever thought it was a carrier sim...I assure you.3.  The MEATBALL STILL DOES NOT WORK.  So planes keep crashing into one another if the deck isn't clear.  On top of that (no pun intended), helos will land on top of each other if there's no place to land.  I make fun of Navy and Marine pilots all day long, but I also assure you they do have common sense.  They'll swear up and down for you to clear the deck before they run out of fuel.  And if you tell the pilot to ABORT LANDING...that automatically sends them into the drink.  Again, I think that's a foul, because we would have aircraft available to refuel them in the air for just such an occasion.4.  Game manual is more of a ""civilian intro to carrier operations"" rather than a ""how to play this game"" manual.  It could use an actual keyboard/legend layout.5.  CIWS?  You better believe that thing should be spitting out lead as a last ditch effort to protect the carrier...but for now it's not working...at least not yet (looking at you EverySingleSoldier).6.  The PATH WITH MOVING AIRCRAFT ON DECK STILL NEEDS WORK!  I lost count as to how many rounds I lost because the deck crews couldn't figure out how to move aircraft on the deck so they just sit there and/or they return to the spot I moved them from.7.  BE VERY AWARE:  You could do everything right in this game and still lose.  Why is that a problem?  This is supposed to be a game, not real life.  Personally, I play games to unwind.  If I'm reminded of how real life can be and don't have a chance at winning, then what's the point?  Why would I waste my time?I like the variety of aircraft available for different missions.  If you get a chance, turn the video settings to fantastic and use the free camera mode when launching or landing...you won't be disappointed.I think the developer can take some artistic liberty here by making a super carrier in future iterations with more aircraft (maybe drones and F-35s in the future?) and even incorporating amphibious operations from the Iwo Jima class like the big hovercrafts.  The jet aircraft look cool taking off and landing.  The developers took time to get things accurate and the hard work behind something like this should be acknowledged.One cosmetic thing if you get around to it.  Please don't have ground crews standing around  where aircraft roll through.  It looks cool and more accurate when they're running from aircraft to aircraft.  And if you can...add a ""shooter"", or a catapult launch officer.  I personally was looking for that detail.Thanks!"
76561198078211266,Recommended,580720,33420164,Posted: 9 July,all,horbo001,"Overall great game!Unique game play.Variety of aircraft.Challenging but fair, most of the time.The path finding can be awful though.However this game has a lot to offer.It is worth the $10."
76561198020053560,Recommended,580720,33485378,Posted: 12 July,all,Boomstick022,"I've only made it to the South China Sea missions, but man this game is addicting and fun.  This game is entirely about time and asset management based at waves of threats, either by Air, Sea, Subsurface or land based threats.  You as the flight deck manager are responsible for moving aircraft and helicoptors around the flight deck of the USS Ronald Reagan (CVN-76) to ensure that no harm comes to your carrier.  I've never stepped foot onto an Active US Navy carrier, but I have served onboard the support ships and I have to say that the life of the men and women onboard managing this 'ballet of death' is extreme to say the least.  I strongly recommend this game if you enjoy time management style games and think you can manage a flight deck of a Nimitz class carrier."
76561198011237320,Recommended,580720,34064547,Posted: 6 August,all,CodeFox,"I have to put this one on top - This game really needs a Vietnam era mode! F4, F14, Hueys hell yeah! Not that I've taken care of the elephant in my head: I do recomend this game!If you love frenetic management Airport Madness style you will love this one!Basically you have to manage the deck as fast as possible. Splitsecond decisions are needed even though the campaign missions are fairly scripted. You have to manage each aircraft's mission loadout, where and when to deploy said aircraft and when to land it, that as well as managing needed repairs and elevators under deployment. Frankly it is quite tricky later in the game and easy to get tunnel vision but if you learn to keep you head cool you should be fine.There is room for improvement like varying weather, night/day cycles, diferent carriers, carrier automated defence systems like the CWIS, better pathfinding, but I put my heart when I say I recommend this one. It is a lot of fun, the radio chatter helps you to stay imersed into the game, and requires good focus and planning ahead."
76561197964786379,Recommended,580720,33959812,Posted: 1 August,all,Coff,I surprisingly enjoyed this game more than I thought I would.  Definitely a ton of fun.
,Recommended,580720,33588739,Posted: 16 July,all,Lexington44,"Best game I've played in a long while!I've bought big title games and not had as much fun as Carrier Deck. It's price was perfect (about £8) for a solidly enjoyable 10 hours gameplay. It's challenging but not stressful, fun but not silly.A good alround form of entertainment!"
,Not Recommended,580720,35059846,Posted: 19 September,all,Tommy Jarvis,AI is completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and makes it unplayable. You will frequently have crashes because pilots are too stupid to abort landing and because planes cant drive past one another due to poor pathfinding.
76561198029096839,Not Recommended,580720,32811613,Posted: 26 June,all,CaptKent,Too many bugs.  Not fun and very annoying game play.
76561198188467605,Not Recommended,580720,34095033,Posted: 7 August,all,crazynoise40,"Honestly I thought this game would be great but it lacks any form of common sense. The planes land on top of one another and get stuck, it should be called plane crash simulator. This game has too many flaws and needs a lot of improvement, and I mean ALOT. Until then I can't recommend this game to anybody."
76561197972071727,Recommended,580720,32507843,Posted: 17 June,all,Killili,"As always if Rock Paper Shotgun takes the time to write a long article about a little game, its fun.Its not a big game but the simple game loop works nicely."
76561198097920359,Recommended,580720,32766928,Posted: 25 June,all,ShockyC,Reasons to like this game1. Carrier2. Murica3. Working Elevators4. ♥♥♥♥ING SCRAMBLE
76561198022078261,Recommended,580720,33305923,Posted: 6 July,all,Rattakris_Mirage,Operational Control meets U.S. Navy
76561198283547962,Recommended,580720,34092984,Posted: 7 August,all,storm_walker1,"Small game, limited diversity. But within that it's  great fun, and sometimes VERY Challenging game. 9/10 for 10 bukcs you can't go wrong"
,Not Recommended,580720,32562186,Posted: 19 June,all,Earunder,"Sorry I can't recommend this game.Good conceipt and idea but it's like one of those click click click click and more clicking games you find on your phones store.  Simply put, after 35 minutes it's just plain boring."
76561198007986976,Not Recommended,580720,32624906,Posted: 21 June,all,wilson_racing,the game will work well at the start but then will not let you do cammands so you end up lossing the gane.
76561198066050935,Not Recommended,580720,32446618,Posted: 15 June,all,Traveler,"Seems buggy, Files not validating.  Game abends ."
76561198277280672,Not Recommended,580720,32515936,Posted: 17 June,all,dcrittin,Barely worth th 10 bucks it cost me.
76561198013359133,Not Recommended,580720,32572129,Posted: 19 June,all,rayproctor,Really Bad!
76561198065610987,Not Recommended,580720,32609589,Posted: 20 June,all,Sheepdog,The game fails u for no reason theres nothing on rader u just randomly die dont buy this crap.
76561198055128406,Recommended,580720,33608798,Posted: 17 July,all,liskel1,"Highly addictive game and money well spent.At least for me it was an awesome experience in micro-management. Though sometimes something blew up and I was not aware of the reason.The graphics are ok, but can definately be improved. Also I only have 4:3 support which kind of sucks in todays screen world.Path finding and deadlocking are a problem, the devs are aware as far as I know, so I hope this will be improved soon. I kind of like the idea of the small timeout whenever two paths intersect which leads to the aircrafts returning to their start position. At least not everything will screw up that way.If you get a bit more experienced with the game and path routing on the carrier you can also easily mitigate any potential intersections just by improving the order of aircraft movements.All in all as stated earlier a fantastic and worthwhile game for that price."
76561198030757883,Recommended,580720,34725009,Posted: 3 September,all,Staplovich,"If you enjoy logistics games (e.g. Railroad Tycoon-style games) and strategy games more generally, you will probably really enjoy Carrier Deck. You basically run the flight deck of a modern aircraft carrier, and are responsible for dealing with 4 types of threats: air, sea surface, submarine, and land surface. You have to launch aircraft both to detect threats, and then other aircraft to deal with them. It's a simple concept, but the game can become incredibly complex as you juggle different threats and priorites. It's a great example of a game with a simple ruleset that delivers strategic depth regardless.As for criticisms, I don't have many. The music isn't great. Overall, the UI is very intuitive and even pleasing to use, but there are a few issues that could be dealt with slightly better. But these are just minor concerns. Although the game isn't long (I beat it in under 10 hours), it's a great value for the price of 10 dollars, especially as there are two modes I haven't even tried yet.I definitely recommend it, and I would definitely be intereted in any additional missions or other content they might release."
76561198332532440,Recommended,580720,33715423,Posted: 22 July,all,boris.glevrk,"Saw this on some youtuber's channel, bought instantly.And it did not disappoint me.How should I put it... this is a very good multitasking training program, lol.What you have to do is basically service your planes, send them, retrieve them, repair them if needed, repeat.Sound simple? try answering, like, a hundred such demands in a minute. Now that's what I call challenging.You will crash planes, you will get hit from the enemy, you will have your planes stuck on the deck, and you will yell at your service crew for being slow, but after saving the day for your battle group, you will want to try again."
,Recommended,580720,33440455,Posted: 10 July,all,[SHC] Th3GoodSon,"EDITSince the patch in mid-June my concerns about the game have been mainly addressed. This game is definitly worth picking up if you like a time and resource managment challenge!- Old Review -I spotted this game a while ago and after reading the reviews thought it was worth a go. The concept is excellent and it's very satisfying to work out the best way to stack your missions. However, I cannot sadly recommend it in its current state.The bugs with aircraft loading, pathfinding, the frustration of managing the hanger and some interface issues make the game HUGELY frustrating in the final levels. You can get everything right, get everything lined up... then you find one of your aircraft hasn't registered as being 'loaded' and is hung at 80% done and you get sunk.Part of me wants to complain about the random nature of damage to your aircraft and how that can mean you're stuffed even if you have everything else right but it's the pathfinding and loading bug that break the game.Worth it on sale. Wait for fixes."
76561198000341426,Recommended,580720,34097583,Posted: 8 August,all,HughesI,"It is extremelly addictive. Simple, and maybe only offering about 15 hours of gameplay, but for the price it puts you into the game clicking like crazy, and even then maybe a lousy pilot just makes you loose those 5 stars. Do not expect realism, though."
,Recommended,580720,34355609,Posted: 19 August,all,Integer Man,"A fairly realistic carrier deck simulation. There's a decent degree of simplification going on, but the core characteristics of the aircraft and carrier operations are faithfully and respectfully recreated. Although it is a simplification, it's a challenging and immersive simulation and I recommend it.A few hotkeys would improve the game quite a bit: camera switch keys, toggle to hangar deck key, and maybe even elevator hotkeys or hotkeys to early land helicopters or planes.I would have loved a bit more detail on the decision, particularly adding in the shooters for launching craft. There's also a number of small bugs and some pathfinding irritants to work around. I have faith that the bugs will be worked out (most centered around entering and leaving the elevators) and that the usability issues may even be addressed. Very fun game."
76561198002451187,Recommended,580720,34301564,Posted: 17 August,all,Dark Luke,"It is a simple game, but I enjoy playing it and managing the carrier more than many of the games I've played recently. Devs, please add more content - maybe more complex operations?I definitely recommend this game if you like casual games with management and military operations."
76561198149073972,Recommended,580720,34509955,Posted: 26 August,all,Sgt. Something,You'reWinner
,Recommended,580720,34520585,Posted: 26 August,all,PreserveTheUnion,"Honestly, a terrific game. I was surfing YouTube for some upcoming and current great games, and this was one of them. The gameplay is always changing, while it is a bit repettive, I have yet to get bored. There's lots to know, lots going on at once, and it always keeps you on your feet. While it's not the most realistic game, it's a small con compared to the rest of the game. The ranks help keep a bit of achievement to the game, along with the campaigns which are always changing.Great game, nice work devs!"
,Recommended,580720,34970725,Posted: 15 September,all,Angelus,"Very, very, very! addictive"
76561198052386020,Recommended,580720,35127754,Posted: 22 September,all,warpig107,"it isnt bad. and it is really what the description says, it is about  commanding a carrier, doing everything needed to do with them, Fuel, Repair, Arm and launch. they have a large amount of aircraft to use, but it does feel very cluttered and hetic near the end, then again this is a semi puzzle game, so it wouldnt be good without the viriaty. enimies on the other hand are sammy, but hey it is modern war, not like there will be aliens or something. the levels are each unique but will repeat. so basicly each level will have diffrent enemies, but those enemies will always appear in an order. I.E. Planes, Destroyer, ground troops. so if something is really hard, you can just learn when the enemies will appear and start arming your aircraft for the threats.Biggest thing, is it worth 10 dollars, NO, it is worth 5, but hey it is your money."
76561198086131874,Recommended,580720,35102791,Posted: 21 September,all,Bartlett,"Simple arcade wave game. I love it. It's that good I'm tempted to buy Afghanistan 11, but at £22.99 I honestly don't think that's worth it as this creator makes basic fun games just hard to see spending that much on basic"
76561198172463550,Recommended,580720,35031482,Posted: 17 September,all,[RWG]SteelersNation18,Fun game but the destroyers really need to help when I have multiple missions stacked up
76561198006686203,Recommended,580720,35049601,Posted: 18 September,all,Jimmtron,fun military time management game. defintely $10 worth of entertainment!!
