user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,580710,30687255,Posted: 23 March,all,jungle.james,"So like me you probably enjoyed Vietnam '65 and wanted more of the same in a modern environment, but then you saw the price tag and kvetched internally and quietly sighed ""Slitherine again.""The good news is that this is Vietnam '65 made more advanced with different supply functions and a redeveloped take on the FOB system. Rather than building firebases and transporting artillery to them, you get basic mortar teams with FOBs on build. You can also customize FOBs to your liking as to whether they come with field hospital or not.Outside of a historical issue (an MRAP in November, 2001 training scenario?), Afghanistan '11 seems to offer at least twice the options than Vietnam, and for that, the price is somewhat justified.e: The game also concludes with Neptune Spear. If EverySingleSoldier produced a Rhodesian Bush War DLC for this commendable effort and base game, I would buy it instantly."
76561198001938460,Recommended,580710,31903427,Posted: 22 May,all,apocal43,"Full disclosure upfront: I loved Vietnam '65.It was, for me, revolutionary. A wargame less about the minute details of combat and more about the higher-level methodology, the ""graduate-level"" of warfare that was less about ""how do we win this fight, here?"" and more telling players, ""Yes, you can win here, but will that support accomplishing your objective?"" The command decision of why and when to fight was just as important as the how, something only sparingly attempted in wargaming. Rather than trying to find the narrowest slice of the conflict where the opposition could present a credible peer to the player, Vietnam '65 instead engaged with the idea that American forces, properly supported, were almost always assured of eventual victory but American forces, properly supported, couldn't be everywhere, all the time.So when I discovered sometime last year that Afghanistan '11 was in the development, I was ecstatic.Overview:Afghanistan '11 (A11) represents the same small scale counterinsurgency strategy wargaming as its predecessor, Vietnam '65 (V65). The game is turn-based, playing out across what amounts to a randomized hexmap representing various regions of Afghanistan. Unlike other wargames, victory isn't achieved by territorial control or varying degrees of annihilation of the enemy. In a nod to the real counterinsurgency strategy employed, victory instead requires the player win the hearts and minds of the population. To do so, they must secure the people from Taliban intimidation, grant them entry into the wider economy by way of highway access, attend to their needs with waterworks and UN aid and maintain a steady presence.While a number of wargames have gone the route of exhausting detailing and simulating the capabilities of various bits of militaria, Afghanistan '11 goes the opposite direction. Instead of a laundry-list of vehicles, weapons and technologies, the player is presented with a trimmed down selection that each represents a different counterinsurgency role. You have your basic APC, present in only two flavors -- the highly capable but politically costly American MRAP and cheaper, numerically limited ANA ASV. There is one attack helo, the Apache, useful as a ""flying battery"" of fire support to isolated units. There are Blackhawks and Chinooks, supplemented by Afghan Mi-8s. Then there are route clearance Huskies used to sweep for IEDs and Buffaloes for constructing roads, waterworks, and new bases. Supply trucks are supply trucks. Artillery functions as exactly one would expect.But the enemy has their own toys, with RPG-equipped militia and hardcore Taliban fighters. The latter are established from the proceeds of opium sales, making destruction of the drug fields a serious priority lest they grow to credible threat to the player's units and bases. The AI is capable of IED-initiated ambushes, bobby-trapping villages, knocking out waterworks and (if sufficiently powerful) succesfully assaulting under-defended bases. They will let heavily-armed and armored MRAPs pass their ambushses, instead attacking soft-skinned trucks to decisive effect. They will lure US/ANA forces into fights around the opium fields and take advantage of booby-traps to isolate and harm units.The Bad:One legitimate criticism that can be leveled at the game is that the early-game can be quite volatile. Events unfolding within the first fifteen turns can set the tone for the entire rest of the game, which can be good, unfortunately they can be utterly random. In one example, during the middle of a highly complex assault on a den of Taliban activity, my supply trucks were all disbanded due to ""shoddy maintenance,"" and I was forced to withdraw everything back to base while wasting political points (the game's currency) delivering air-dropped supplies and paying for (very expensive) Chinook flight time. By time I was done recovering my forces from across the map, there were anti-war protests brewing (on account of having negative political points) at the same time elections were turning against me and the Taliban were assualting my farthest flung outpost. That led to a death-spiral which culminated in a relatively early-game loss. While that outcome isn't typical, it is certainly possible at any time, due to the randomness of events and variable severity.However that can be written off to the fortunes of war. Certainly no wargame is complete without some degree of Clauswitzian friction and A11 definitely isn't the worst in providing a variable challenge. The other notable downside is less excusable, on the other hand.To put things bluntly, A11 is a more complex game than V65. Whether or not you see this as a good thing or bad thing, it is undeniable that playing through A11 is more ""work."" With the additional mechanics and depth, there is more to consider, more to calculate, more to manage, more to look at, more to plan, plain more to do. Whereas I could easily tear through two games of V65 in a serious night of gaming, A11 generally limits itself to a single playthrough before I run out of time and mental energy to continue. Part of this is due to the mid- and late-game being heavily influenced by the management of logistics: the flow of beans and bullets to where they are needed.As you achieve more map control, the logistic requirements to support all the necessary bases expands at what could be considered and exponential rate. Each artillery battery eats ammo. So does each bases integral mortar platoon. You also need supplies for the base to heal/repair units and resupply nearby units. Each time a Chinook hooks up a pallet of rations for your Special Forces listening post in the mountains, you'll flinch as you recall the need to send out a vulnerable supply truck sooner rather than later. It isn't unusual to forget portions of the map as particularly complex operations eat up brain cycles with their demand for exhaustive planning to conduct successfully. There is some relief in the form of bases automatically supplying nearby units with rations and fuel at a click of a button, but that still leaves you to manage the delivery of supplies to the those bases.The Good:The UI, with one or two minor exceptions, does a wonderful job of presenting options the player without overwhelming them with numbers, figures, dials and gauges. Icons are largely self-explanatory and easily understandable at a glance. Hex-based mapping makes movement a snap to figure out. The graphics are functional, improved over V65 and quite wonderfully complement the UI. If a player is so inclined, they can zoom to watch as Mi-8's haul howitzers, Special Forces call down A-10s on unsuspecting Taliban trucks, claymores detonate into village militia, ANA soldiers limp back into base carrying their wounded and other actions. The vehicles are an array of what some might see as ""fighting vehicle porn,"" MRAPs, Buffaloes, Huskies, C-130s dipping down low to drop pallets of supplies off their ramp, F-16s releasing JDAMs, M777s recoiling as they send rounds down-range, etc.There is a definite flow to the game, internally consistent and logical. Taliban come from the east, whereas you start in the west. Expand your network of bases in order to put ""eyes"" in as many places as possible. Pursue a strategy of maintaining a tight cordon around your ""safe"" villages or aggressively place units on the border and in the mountains to kill Taliban and militia, respectively, at the source.Overall:A11 doesn't try to be down-to-the-button realistic, but it has what so many ultra-realistic wargames lack when dealing with counterinsurgency: verisimilitude. Easy to learn, replayable, challenging in a consistent fashion and highly entertaining for the price. I heartily recommend to anyone interested in counter-insurgency or military history in general. Gearheads might not be as onboard but understanding the context of conflict might be a winner there."
,Not Recommended,580710,34237895,Posted: 14 August,all,DetCord12B,"As an OEF/OIF veteran I really want to like this game, truely I do. However, it isn't so much a wargame, tactical, operational or otherwise as it is a LOGCAP one. You'll spend more time conducting ReSupp missions to your FOB's and units in the field than actually engaging in COIN operations, which eventually becomes the sole focus of your playtime. I understand that this game mechanic is meant to be a sort of juggling act but it simply consumes far too much gameplay time.It would've been nice to have this system somewhat automated - Create a convoy with the required assets, supplies and predefine the departure time at a given turn to resupply the FOB's, the convoys could then do their thing. The player could then inject themselves back into these missions should there be any damage or losses.Perhaps the largest issue is that there is no way to conduct any sort of combat ops, large or otherwise to secure a village or town under Taliban or Militia control. Instead you're forced to do it via a rather abstract system of winning 'Hearts and Minds'. That's great and all for the locales that are neutral but not so much for those villages or towns that are firmly under enemy control (eg. Marjah/Op. Moshtarak). The Hearts and Minds aspect just doesn't work here and is simply a fundamentally flawed component as the time for building waterworks and delivering aid has long since past.I hoping some of these issues will be addressed in the future, especially that of enemy strongholds."
,Recommended,580710,30821677,Posted: 29 March,all,thelaw1021,"Having fought in Afghanistan as part of the 10th Mountain Division (in 2011, no less), this game is just as frustrating as the actual war...and that's a good thing.  It has just enough depth to keep you engaged while not being too monotonous.  The elections and security handover in the game help to keep the monotony at bay while providing a tactical challenge that brings me back to sending out HUMINT teams and helicopter recon elements during my time there.  The controls are similar to Vietnam '65, though the base expansions, ability to train more than just local infantry and the waterworks projects add a sense of nation building to the mix.  A great turn based game that captures the frustrations of trying to find the taliban in the mountains of Afghanistan while not being too overbearing.Thanks to Slytherine for a great game - ""Climb to Glory!"" (10th Mountain Division Motto)"
,Recommended,580710,30690646,Posted: 23 March,all,dunbal,"I haven't played the Vietnam '65 game so this is a ""fresh look"":This is a different sort of strategy game and it's clear from the start. Military dominance is a necessary but not the only and often not even the most important key to fulfilling the mission. After playing for a few hours the game seems to be solid, both in the lack of bugs and crashes and in the actual gameplay.After initally foraging into a game I realized I didn't know what I was doing so I went back and did the tutorials which are simple but challenging. Now I have a clear idea of what the game is asking me to do to succeed. I also know what a simple IED or a insurgent attack at the wrong place or time can do to my careful plan.A different kind of war game for a different kind of war. But the most important question a game has to answer is ""is it fun?"". Well, I think it is. Give it a try."
,Recommended,580710,30698632,Posted: 23 March,all,Guardsman111,"Afghanistan '11 (A11) improves no Vietnam '65 (V65) in everyway. That being said, those people who didn't enjoy V65 or never bought it because they thought it wasn't for them, probably won't enjoy this game. This review is kind of a comparison between V65 and A11.TL:DR There are substantial changes to pace of the game, the PP system and support and many other smaller changes have a positive impact on gameplay compared to V65 ensuring that not only is this game not just a reskin of V65 but is a completely seperate game in its own right, and worth the price increase from V65.The pace slows down quite a bit by introducing an expanded logistics and supply system. Forward Operating Bases (FOB's) Now need to be provided with supplies to repair units, refuel units to max Rations or Fuel instantly, and provide shells for Artillery, which is all provided from your main base. Helicopters were the mainstay of V65 but now they are expensive and easily destroyed because they travel over the areas that the enemy literally spawn from, so they take a lot of hits (The chances of the enemy hitting is reduced in my experience, with a chinook taking 5 shots in one turn and only getting damaged) Instead ground vehicles have come to the limelight, as a cheaper and less hazardous alternative. Mines, now IEDs are far more common, but the PP reduction from enemy base structures has been removed as far as i have seen, instead replacing them with Opium fields which provide funds to the enemy.All round, the PP system has been improved. You have an income per turn which can be increased by building waterworks in villages, and this helps to balance out the game on lower difficulties (Haven't yet tried higher difficulties) There are turns when my PP is up in the 7000, then in two turns i take staggering casualties because a convoy hit IEDs and were ambushed which plunged it back down to 4-5000. It generally rises turn by turn unless i see a Taliban offensive (Marked by elections or sometimes just random) where i will lose a lot of PP ferrying troops to combat or rescuing damaged units with escorts.The last big change is the support, in the form of drones, airstrikes and supply drops. The PP requirement to use these has been removed, and instead there is a cooldown the length of which depends on who is elected. This makes these life savers and far more worth using in ordinary situations. From scouting out mountains for Opium crops with drones to having an advanced scout position consistently being re-supplied by air, they take some of the weight off your poor grunts' shoulders.There are many other smaller changes which make the game far more playable, for example the increased number of things to do mean longer games aren't such a slog, some units being either impervious or highly resistant to IEDs, adding extra health to Taliban units so there is the threat of them returning are but a few, and it has already led to some memorable scenarios in the short time i have been playing, and there are sure to be many more.I'm not knocking the people who haven't enjoyed this game, but there are a few things that i want to point out to readers that have been mentioned in other reviews i have read. Firstly there is no bug in the fourth tutorial, you have to open the command eye to see the objective. Secondly, there are very few bugs that i have seen (the only one i remember being the radio on one model being skinned to the head not the body so the radio floats around with the head rotation) and no crashes to desktop. Lastly, people who are complaining this is impossible to win due to everything being killed are not playing it with enough careful planning. Rushing into anything usually results in casualties, but thorough planning combined with the support assets can limit even the most dangerous mission. This game really pushes you to think outside the realm of normal strategy games."
76561198034644211,Recommended,580710,32681886,Posted: 23 June,all,Ghost_96,"I bought this game few days after offical release and watching gameplay videos on Youtube and on Twitch. I have to say that this game is really amazing and number of (realistic) details in game is just surprising. For my opinion this strategy game is on whole new level and it really requires strategy thinking and planning, especially in logistic aspect of game (you must constantly supply military units on field with ammunition, fuel and infantry supplies for successful perform of their tasks and missions). Also you have to make a good impression on civilians living in local villages, otherwise you lose your home political support and trust of civilians.Developer updating game with improvements and new contents very often and they also hinted for more amazing new contents in future. I was also very surprised on their response to players and on their very active participation in discussions.Game has alot to offer and is definetly worth of buying, so I recommend it for all gamers who love to play strategy games on more complete and deep level."
,Recommended,580710,30876984,Posted: 1 April,all,Grim,"I was in Helmand Province in 2012 when I was in the U.S. Marines. This game is dope, it hit's the nail on the head. 10 points to Slitherine!"
,Recommended,580710,32461673,Posted: 15 June,all,Clausewitz,"I want to love this game. The developers clearly attempted to inject realism into a game addressing a long, largely forgotten about war that has defined or taken the lives of so many young men and women. Players will quickly notice that victory is not contingent upon battlefield factors alone, but rather intangibles like Host Nation morale and political support from the United States. The former is represented by the Hearts and Minds score, and all missions require that it rises or stays at a certain level as a victory condition. In true COIN fashion, players can win the battle by accomplishing all military objectives but still lose the war of Hearts and Minds. The latter, political support, acts as a form of currency. You obtain currency by killing insurgents, meeting handover goals (training and using ANA), or clearing IEDs. Losing soldiers, failing to meet handover goals, supporting a candidate in a national election, and buying or moving units will deplete political support. Ration them wisely.Thusly, much of the game sees players devote considerable capital in nation building efforts like delivering aid, constructing roads, and building water facilities in villages. The more successful you are at this, the more pro-American a village will become, and therefore less susceptible they are to Taliban influence and more inclined to share information with Coalition forces. When a village is willing to share intelligence with Americans, a little fire will appear and you'll have to send soldiers to investigate. Pro-American villages will display an Afghan flag, while anti-American ones fly a black Taliban flag.To this end, infantry is less a tool to kill baddies with and more a symbol of commitment. In most cases, I rarely sent regular soldiers out to kill insurgents. Instead, they hopped from village to village as fires appeared. I instead relied heavily on Special Forces to kill insurgents, who are more mobile and able to train ANA forces. Most of my capital was spent on purchasing road clearance trucks and engineering trucks, which can be used to destory IEDs and build FOBs/Roads/Water towers. Logistics is a bitter ♥♥♥♥♥ in this game. Trucks are easy targets for enemy units, as are transport helicopters. You are constantly juggling a variety of responisbilities and making tough decisions. Do I send out a supply truck to deliver humanitarian aid or much needed supples to a local FOB? Should I construct another water tower that will inevitably be destroyed by the insurgents or build a medical tent at a FOB? Buy another SF or Engineer unit? Rely on Americans or Afghanis? It conveys the struggles and frustrations of Afghanistan well.Yet there are also flaws. National elections are important, yet there are rarely tough decisions to make when picking a candidate. Additionally, some of their traits can be counter-intuitively helpful for the Taliban. In one case, I think anti-corruption was associated with increased insurgent activity. Kinda simplistic. The games are long, slow, and boring. Don't buy this game if you are looking for big, badass battles. As I've said, it's not really a fighting game so much as a management simulation with gunfights thrown in. Afghanistan '11  a slow burn that gratifies players over time. Additionally, while I think this can be a useful learning tool, it also simplifies many dynamics of the Afghanistan war. There is no ethno-sectarian dimension, nor are issues like economic development explored at any depth beyond building roads and water towers.Ultimately, it's worth the buy during a Steam sale."
76561197993277074,Recommended,580710,30701131,Posted: 24 March,all,Asterix von TWC,"An innovative and superb concept (Vietnam '65) really taken to a whole new level. One of the most adictive and ""cannot resist pressing another turn at 3 a.m."" strategy games, with an easy learning curve but challenge to grip even the best strategists out there, Afghanistan '11 is superbly crafted, balanced, profound, instructive (as in a model that is both entertaining and simulative), and adictive.I never say this, but I could see nearly anyone enjoying this game, and I will buy two copies just to support this excellent development team. 85,000 thumbs up"
76561197980867401,Recommended,580710,30716043,Posted: 24 March,all,Drewmëister,"Kinda like Civ, if civ was a political wargame set in Afghanastan during the ealry 2000's.I have never played V65 but I can now say that I am a fan of Coin style mechanics. As president Bush would say Mission Successful. The mechanics are very simple but the strategy is very dense. If you are interested in geopolitics or  modern military history and are an avid board game player, I think you will like this game. If I was to choose something to critque I would say where is the multiplayer, maybe an idea for future games. Go out there and win some hearts and minds."
,Not Recommended,580710,31595336,Posted: 6 May,all,|¤|Soldier Boy|¤|,"I so, so wanted to love this game. A game about logistics, territory control and counterinsurgency with unique and innovative mechanics? Sign me up! Unforunately, the implementation has been so botched that it's impossible to recommend at this time. I will detail my issues point by point below.1: Performance IssuesWhile my computer may not be beastly, I run a fairly powerful gaming setup. I can run Doom 2016 or Overwatch at fairly high graphics. This game however, suffers from serious FPS drops and stuttering during certain actions. Clearing an IED, ending combat, and trying to place an FOB or a building all cause significant, noticable pauses or FPS drops. This is completely unacceptable in a small indie game of this size. My computer science brain is telling me that is because the game is scanning every hex on the map during these actions (probably more than once for the FOB case), so some code optimizations could solve the problem, but it's still appalling that this problem is present.2: Movement IssuesOk, units have action points. Infantry and air units move using one action point per hex, simple enough. However, vehicles move more than one hex per action point when on roads, and move one hex per point when off roads. Not the best implementation of increased move costs, but I can handle it. The problem is, when you move a vehicle the game does not tell you where you use each action point. The game gives you a route, but does not tell you how many action points will be used during the move. This is hell if you are trying to do less than a full move, or go from on road to off road, or in any number of situations. This could easily have been fixed in a myriad of ways, but was not.3: MicromanagementA lot of this game consists of moving convoys from one place to another. It's a game about logistics, it comes with the territory. Problem is, the game makes managing a convoy incredibly tedious. First, you have to move your mine clearing vehicle out to clear mines. But you can't move it too far, because you might run into enemy troops. So then you have to move up your combat vehicle to sweep for enemy troops. But you can't move too far up because you might run into a mine. So you move your mine clearing vehicle up again. Then your combat vehicle. Then your mine clearing vehicle. And so on and so forth until you run out of action points. And each of these moves you have to count hexes, because the game isn't telling you when you're going to end up using a second action point on this move. Only after repeating this cycle several times can you then, one by one, move the rest of your vehicles along the path you have cleared. The manual contains reference to a ""Convoys"" system that is supposed to avoid this tedium, but the section simply reads ""Coming Soon"".4: Stop Wasting My Time!When XCOM 2 was released, one of the most popular mods was the ""Stop Wasting my Time"" mod because all of the animations took forever. This game has that problem far worse than XCOM 2 ever did. Every time you move a unit, you have to sit through a slow animation where the camera is locked on the unit that is moving. The point of this is that movement is supposed to be tense, that you never know when you are going to run into an enemy unit you never saw and get your unit creamed. However, it just comes off as annoying. There is a reason that games like Civ 6 and XCOM give you the option to speed up or even skip movement animations.5: CombatThis is the worst of my complaints. This is supposed to be a game about counterinsurgency. Where one side has the firepower, the technology, and the force, and the other has stealth and surprise. You're the US army, you have the best trained troops, the most advanced technology, and the most powerful weapons. The other guys are bloody dirt farmers. So why are my odds in combat never better than a coin flip? Seriously, US infantry versus Taliban infantry is never better than a coin flip. The story is the same with Apache gunships, howitzer and mortar artillery, airstrikes, and every other weapon in your arsenal. You aren't fighting a stealthy guerilla enemy, you are fighting a race of superhumans who can shrug off every weapon in your arsenal and become invisible the second you blink at them. It is incredibly frustrating to spend resources, time and effort to find and fix enemy troops, only to be completely unable to damage them after throwing your entire arsenal at them. This may sound like complaining about missed shots in XCOM, but in XCOM there are things you can do to improve your success rate, like flanking or destroying cover. In this game, there is nothing but throwing more stuff at the wall and hoping some of it will stick. This could be fixed easily enough by weakening enemy units, potentially adding more of them, and cutting the amount of political power you get from defeating them.All in all, I believe that Afghanistan '11's problems are solvable. I will come back to the game after further patches and see if it is improved. However, given that we are already 9 patches in and these problems are still present, I am not hopeful."
76561198083691834,Recommended,580710,30725021,Posted: 25 March,all,CapGun1977,"C.O.I.N, counterinsurgency, words we hear of a lot in this world today but what dose it truly mean? I came across a game called Vietnam 65` a few years back bosting a  new game style, a fresh look at something that well lets face it has been done over & over. So I was thinking ""ya right just another turn base what so different?""Well my freinds, different it was. No frontlines, enemies you could not see and the landmines; dear God the landmines :0 And to add to all of this; ESS (every single soldier) creators of this wonderful new game style are involved before and after game release. Not just your everyday take the money and run kind of stuff I see on the day to day I`m thinking.So I was not suprised when chating on steam (something I seldom do) with the ESS team who happend to send me a friend request after posting my first ever review that a more modern version was in the works. Fast track to March 23rd Afghanistan 11` release date. I purchased the game, sat down with a hot coffee and got ready to kick taliban♥♥♥♥♥ With 200+ hrs in the jungles of Vietnam mastering my C.O.I.N tactics they don`t stand a chance. OH!! how wrong I was. I can tell ESS worked hard on this simply because they did not copy and paste this game from VN65`. They evolved their concept with help from the people who play the game and that my freinds, has won my respect for ESS and Slitherein.Any fan of military turn based strategy must have a copy of both Vietnam65` and Afghanistan11`."
76561198008164494,Recommended,580710,32040511,Posted: 29 May,all,SABER*,What can I say another great game by slithrine .the UI is ok the AI is good .And I just love the time period.Also withthere new DLC coming out and the patch with bunker busters and convoys this game will go down in history as ground braking
76561197971624187,Recommended,580710,31003404,Posted: 7 April,all,bones67,"First game in  a long time to actually model warfare in a unique and authentic way.  Such a well done game, VERY worth the purchase.  A must buy IMHO."
76561198031354529,Not Recommended,580710,30727923,Posted: 25 March,all,cwebster_88,"The game has a great concept and a difficulty that is just hard enough to keep me engaged.  However the game quickly becomes monotinous and although there is strategy involved in simple things like using supply trucks to best support your units, the game lacks real depth.  That being said, I enjoy the game, but would never pay full price again (even with the 10% off that it had when I bought it).  If the game goes on sale for $15 or so, I say give it a try.  But since it's being sold at almost double that, I can't  recommend buying it at the price it's at for the state that it is currently in.  I know the game is new, so hopefull tweaks down the line will make it worth the money, otherwise wait for a 40-50% off sale when it arrives."
,Recommended,580710,32309038,Posted: 9 June,all,BehroozWolf,"Given my experience with Vietnam '65, I read through the manual for Afghanistan '11 and jumped right into the skirmish mode without doing much in the campaign/tutorials, with counter-insurgency mayhem in my heart....and promptly got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me.  Even 15 hours in, I'm still running into new situations and being forced to improvise new and interesting ways of handling them.  The game mechanics are well-machined and balanced, and I've really enjoyed coming to grips with handling limited information about enemy movements and surprises like unexpected IEDs taking out a supply truck that absolutely derails my plan for the next few turns.A11 offers clear improvements in depth and replayability over V65, new mechanics, and an insightful view of the conflict in Afghanistan.  It also runs great on my oldie-but-goodie gaming box.This is a very rewarding and thought-provoking game, and I can't wait to see what Every Single Soldier with the upcoming Convoy and MOAB mechanics."
76561198007132747,Recommended,580710,33965524,Posted: 2 August,all,eldus,"""Amateurs talk about tactics, professionals are studying logistics."""
76561198069571064,Recommended,580710,31180367,Posted: 16 April,all,sierramikesierra,"""Ghan"" 11 is challenging, frustrating, and nerve-wracking all at the same time. The challenge pulls you in as you attempt to make possible a complete withdrawl from that war torn nation as the U.S. However, the tickler is that you must build up your Afghan allies to survive a number of turns AFTER your departure for the win. This is no small effort as you can become easily dependent on the might of the Americans.Frustration occurs when you forget the cardinal rule of maintaining your supply chain. Soldiers then run out of supplies and there is no quick way to reestablish your chain.Finally, the IED factor as you desperately need to resupply the FOB. At times it comes down to risk-taking, even by air supply.All in all, a very unique gaming experience. Devs are the most responsive I have seen where bug squashing and community ideas for the game are concerned. 18 current scenarios where an average player could spend 10 or 12 hours per map getting it ""right""."
,Recommended,580710,30694362,Posted: 23 March,all,Hypnosis,"Great game. This game entertains me more than most of my other games. The game is very playable, because the enemy AI is very good and plays 100%. This makes the game more playable than most games. Also, it has unlimited generated missions. Basically unlimited gameplay here. The gameplay is really compelling, and I think it's a great strategy game.10/10 - Highly recommended."
76561198124816810,Recommended,580710,30935481,Posted: 3 April,all,MorrisLam,"A games that requires serious planning and calculations. While the US military is for sure the mighty power, the pain of supply management,  hostile terrain, and proliferative insurgency can slowly drain out the superior firepower. I can kind of imagine how stretched were the coalition forces over there, and perhaps it is still the case even by now.A good game should be able to approximately represent the reality but remain fun to play, and the developers certainly meet my expectations. Good job. I am eager to see the final product."
76561198012711922,Recommended,580710,30905848,Posted: 2 April,all,Captiva,"I was on the fence about picking up this game. I never tried vietnam 65, but do enjoy turn based strategy so I decided to give this one a try.The game will take you a short time to learn what everything does, but it is not too hard to get the hang of. The Main combat unit for America and enemy is basic infantry.Your goal is to deploy forces from your main base and start moving to villages around the map to get intel from villagers, deliver UN aid, defuse mines and IED's, destroy opium crops and any enemy units you find, also train up Afgan army to take over for America.If you do it right, the risk to your troops should be minimal but from my experience with this game, you will find yourself having to change your plans frequently to accomodate unexpected happenings, such as finding unexpected Opium crop or running into a group of Taliban.You are limited by Political Points (PP) that you will win or lose depending on how well you do. The more you have, the more troops and such you can deploy.I have ran into no major issues playing and AI seems to know how to do their jobs well.Overall I like this game and while the price is steep compared to content, it is a niche game and it has been done well enough that I will say it is worth paying the extra few bucks to support a good indie game like this.I recommend picking this game up."
76561197980653632,Recommended,580710,33249722,Posted: 4 July,all,MrTurtlesaurus,This game is more about logistics and micromanagement than battle and I love it.
76561198034670048,Recommended,580710,30695007,Posted: 23 March,all,El Presidente,Played Vietnam and liked it ? put a ring on it and play Afghanistan 11 as well !
,Recommended,580710,30712622,Posted: 24 March,all,Yoga expert Tro La Seng,"Huge improvement over Vietnam 65 -- basically the same game mechanics, but MUCH more fleshed out.  (Ignore low number of hours, I've put more time into this offline.)Just a few basic things that have been improved:  Forward operating bases are more detailed than the fairly basic system in V65 (you can build the basic FOB and then build additions like medical bay, artillery pit, etc).  Special Forces actually have multiple effective combat options in addition to recon (instead of being totally helpless in combat), and on top of that there are more recon options available.  Maybe most significantly, there's an objective-based campaign in addition to the randomly generated skirmish mode (which was the only game mode in V65).This is only really scratching the surface of what's been changed and improved.  The big takeaway is that this game makes V65 look like a bare-bones prototype.It's worth pointing out that there are some early launch issues like weird UI and control bugs, and some people are having problems with frequent CTDs.  I've only seen one CTD so far, so the game has been playable for me, but be warned that not everyone is having the same luck.  The game is brand new though, so I'm expecting that these will be fixed within the next couple weeks or so."
,Recommended,580710,31107125,Posted: 12 April,all,And0 Calrissian,"Holy nut balls this game blew my socks off! Super simple to learn while also being deceivingly difficult and what I can only describe as divinely frustrating. I've never been more happy to have my units ambushed by militia or to lose a supply convoy to a series of IED's. Every unit counts and each loss is felt. The game requires constant micromanagement to keep your units in the field resupplied with rations and ammo, which have to be resupplied separately, which takes up far more time and resources, requiring whole convoys of supply trucks or multiple helicopter deployments. This creates a constant intensity rarely felt in a turn based game. Basically on every turn some unit somewhere is going to need support. This gives each turn meaning even if there are no enemies encountered. Which brings me to the most fascinating part of this game. How it manages to successfully convey the complexity and the feeling of frustration that comes with fighting a war between a global super power like the U.S and a guerilla army like the Taliban. It also happens to make each game a 60 turn thrill ride of turn-based wargame bliss."
76561198055134524,Recommended,580710,31247867,Posted: 19 April,all,[EFFvM] Tankiebubble,"Like the dev said in their sales blurb, this game builds on Vietnam '65's formula and greatly improves on it. There really isn't much I can fault A11 for except for maybe the looping soundtrack during missions which gets a little old after a while. However, if you turn the music off and play the soundtrack from CoD Modern Warfare 2 instead, the game becomes pure, modern military strategical bliss.Afghanistan '11 has that same, addictive ""one more turn""-hook that many Civilization games have, as well XCOM-esque hit percentages and RNG. Not sure if the dev was inspired by Firaxis, but it makes for a great combination of traits that keep you on the edge of your seat during every single engagement with the enemy.Furthermore, gone are the UI issues I had with V65. The unit variety is also better in Afghanistan '11, and EverySingleSoldier even added a campaign mode to it which I enjoy very much. The use of NATO symbols and the historical background info that you get before the start of each campaign mission are all icing on the cake for a military enthusiast like me.All in all, Afghanistan '11 is a great game with huge emphasis on accuracy when it comes to the tactics of fighting a war against insurgents and I can't recommend it enough if you're into this particular niche of strategy games."
,Recommended,580710,31460387,Posted: 30 April,all,deadlinegrunt,"This game is really easy to pick up.  The UI is intuitive and the mechanics are equally intuitive but this simplicity should not mislead you that it lacks depth.  Navigating the battlefield and understanding what you need to do is not difficult to understand - it even provides tutorials and a manual for that matter.  Your strategy concerning warefare, supply chains, and tactics concerning politics while balancing insurgency will require more investment and thought with your time.  I only have a few hours in this so far however this game is going to be a serious time sink for me.  It has a customizable skirmish mode so endless replayability is addressed on top of the campaigns already present and they have more content and DLC on the way.If you like turn based strategy games, modern military warefare, and on the fence I suggest purchasing this title.   Every Single Soldier teamed up with Slitherine to develop and produce a really polished product here with attention to detail in every aspect.  No bugs or crashes or glitchy gameplay that I have observed.*Edited to give attribution to the development studio Every Single Soldier rather than the publisher Slitherine exclusively."
76561198018887358,Recommended,580710,34203810,Posted: 12 August,all,HehBoi,"Are you a bad enough dude to bring peace and stability to a troubled, proceduraly generated region in Afghanistan?Well, being tacticool and calling in artillery and air strikes is only half the battle, because you will need to win the trust (Hearts & Minds) of the local people.This includes building roads to isolated mountainous villages, dodging MANPADs and IEDs to deliver UN aid, and protecting them from raids by local warlords and the Taliban, who also want a piece of the Hearts & Minds pie you're after!Don't forget the American people too, because they and Washington get to decide how much of a budget (Political Points) you can get to buy nifty toys like Apaches, MRAPS and Recon Drones.If your troops get killed by Taliban, or are losing Hearts & Minds to the enemy, Washington might decide to pull the plug on this operation as well as an Anti-War movement developing at home if you mess up real bad, leading to your true defeat, a political one, and forced withdrawl, which means you lose!All in all, pretty fun game which shows the complexity of counter insurgency operations, where a mix of political, humanitarian and good old fashioned military means can decisively win the day!"
,Recommended,580710,30715826,Posted: 24 March,all,CFlick,"If you liked Vietnam '65, you'll like Afghanistan '11 - A complete upgrade in almost every single way.For me, definitely one of best strategy games released over the past year. I'm Looking foward to future developments on this game, as there's a lot of potential for expansions and DLC's."
76561197989391475,Recommended,580710,30698964,Posted: 23 March,all,stanlet,"It's really great. Very addictive. Not at all like a typical strategy game.EDIT: I've really been down the rabbit hole on this game for hours and hours. A little ashamed of myself actually.However, now that I'm in so deep and still liking it so much, I highly recommend buying it. The design captures tactical and political aspects of war that I've never seen modeled prior to Vietnam '65 (dev's previous game) and it is much more satisfying than the old tropes of force on force. I'm not sure why it works so well, but it has something to do with a combination of a 4x type goal constrained by logistics, asymmetries, and time limits that are grounded in the headlines we've all read for the past 15 years.Also it's exciting to see that the developer is continuing to add to the game with a lot of input from players. They're not just working out bugs and conveniences they're also adding features in a way that doesn't undermine the underlying mechanic of winning Hearts and Minds to win the game."
,Recommended,580710,30798028,Posted: 28 March,all,SeeJay,"Just got the game a few days ago and love it. Building on and improving upon from their experiences from Vietnam'65 we are now in the hostile environment of Afghanistan. Politics home and abroad, weather, logistics,  gathering intel, destroying opium fields, etc. Check it out, highly recommended."
76561198006578613,Recommended,580710,30733401,Posted: 25 March,all,Mickg Uk,"Great game on the Afganistan theatre give it a little bit more polish from players feedback and it will hit the top strategy charts  well Recomended now but after the few polish's  are carried out and well worth the price, grab it now."
76561198341041972,Recommended,580710,30725016,Posted: 25 March,all,NaziDillPickle,"Just bought the game today and started out, so maybe I'm not used to the game style yet.Approached a village with an infantry squad, apache and two special forces squads.Two militia units run rings around me, avoid UAV detection, defeat all of my units and laugh at the broadside from my apache and hits from indirect fire.Seriously. What the ♥♥♥♥.I'm going to figure this the hell out. But this is still incredibly frustrating."
76561198019582054,Recommended,580710,30712522,Posted: 24 March,all,[89thRG] Cake! :D [26thNC_GMG],"This game is excellent, but their are a few game breaking bugs and I have experienced one crash as of now. The game is well made, has in depth features and decently challenging. I would recommend this game and it was definitely worth 30 dollars."
76561197990997250,Recommended,580710,30785275,Posted: 27 March,all,wrongbanana,First review I've written. Great game which makes a lot of sense if you have studied the theater. HIghly recommend if you have a tactical mind and are interested in balancing some pretty interesting dynamics. The Dev team is squashing bugs as well so go team! Thank you for putting this together and supporting it. Would love to work for a company in your genre some day.
76561198142557826,Recommended,580710,34339350,Posted: 18 August,all,☠Black Knight,"The game is fun, but it also has some problems.My biggest problems with the game is it's length and simplicity. It kinda feels like a watered-down version of Sid Meier's CIV.For example... there is only one way to really play the game. Sure, the random generation means you can get  a different map each time... but a different map doesn't really change much. Everything still unfolds the exact same way. The enemy units you encounter in the beginning... are what you will be fighting in a few hours at the end of the game.It IS fun at first... but once you realize what you are supposed to do, there is no challenge left. Each game basically plays like this:*Build Huskies and search for IED's on road*Build an MRAP and send them behind the Husky with some troops.*Build an FOB (takes only 2-3 turns).*Build water towers at villages for income*Station troops from your MRAV at water towers to protect them*Rinse and repeat till you winEven playing on the highest difficulty, the Taliban provide very little challenge 10 minutes in. Once you have a Husky for each convoy, the Taliban lose 95% of their ability to fight back. They do not attack anything that you place guards around, so they kinda just give up and quit fighting you halfway through. Then you just bomb any of their groups dumb enough to try something.TL;DR - The game provides a few hours of fun... but best to wait for a sale. $30 is just a bit too steep for a handful of hours in my opinion."
76561197971732382,Recommended,580710,31239337,Posted: 19 April,all,Paul,"Great Game lots of fun. There is so much to do in this game it can get really intense and keep you up at night wondering if ther is a better way to get things done.Here is the mission now formulate a plan in most games like this there are but a few options in Afghanistan '11 there are so many ways you can get things done its just stagering.That village just down the road a bit has a campfire burning (means they want to talk) i should send out the husky first (ied mine sweeper) but he just left the base the turn befor leading a convoy to setup a new FOB (base) and since he just swept the road last turn im sure theres no ied yet.I will send a supply truck with UN goodies for them ther H&M (hearts and minds) will go up so supply truck heads out to the village witch is close enough he can drop his load and make it home befor dark.boom ied takes him and the un supplys out and the H&M from the closest village suffers a neg hit.I could just fly a chopper ther but that too has issues i could have sent inf to walk clear the road very slow but point is i could do many many things also that ied messed up the road so now those connected villages are no longer connected so send out the buffalo (engineers) to fix the road befor you do anything else and guess what he needs a sweep befor he pulls out too.The ellection of the local governer and the newspaper headlines both add ther own randomness to the game that can make a big diff. Wtf why are the villages mad when i burn the tallybans poppy fields ther should be happy, well the governer is a tallyban simpathiser so he needs to go in the next ellection so you need to get those H&M over 50% befor next ellections. You have 60 turns and thats a long time so you end up defending alot the last 20 turns or so.Even if you get your objectives you still have to go the full 60.There are two or three ellections in the 60 turns."
76561197994073969,Recommended,580710,30886818,Posted: 1 April,all,Captainslow,"If you enjoyed Vietnam '65, you will like this game -- a lot.  It's more than I expected, thinking it would just be Vietnam '65 with a modern face.  But how wrong I was!  This does indeed share many common elements of its older sibling, but Afghanistan '11 adds so many new innovations to the original recipe.Fully addictive -- I dare you to play just 1 turn."
,Recommended,580710,30732271,Posted: 25 March,all,panthermodern,This has succeeded in depicting asymmetric warfare to a degree I have not sense elsewhere and is a meaningful iteration on VietnamThat said it is completely unacceptable that they are charging $30 when every playthrough is rife with bugs
,Recommended,580710,30776073,Posted: 27 March,all,Alexander,"definitely a yes. i m a big fan of wargames such as d day at omaha beach and at peleliu which are boardgame by Decision Games, so Afghanistan '11 is certainly the game I want so badly. It's kind of like Warfighter, the boardgame by DVG, that you lead a squad to enliminate enemies but Afghanistan '11 is much more than that. It's about how well you can leverage every political point (money) to maximize your chances of completing the objectives by critically deploying troops & FOBs, suprisingly calling airstikes, and so on. Second i would say it's really keeping you busy (in a fun way for me, but maybe an annoying way for some folks) by making everthing scarce and hard to acquire such as limited PPs, troops, income from village. You'll fail if you have too many man KIA or DOW cuz you 'll suffer injured penality of lots of PPs (money) deduction. You'll fail if you dont husky the roads to make sure it's vehicle-friendly and you have to admit you can afford to lose any unit until you trigger the goddxmn mines. You'll fail if you dont care about villages cuz gathering intel is rly important or you'll just punching nothing in the dark and I have to say those enemies never extinct and that makes everything so scarce but exciting and intense lol."
76561198002540828,Recommended,580710,30704862,Posted: 24 March,all,Quasi Z,My expectations for this were very high and it does not disappoint! Will right a comprehensive review once I have played it more.
76561197972183345,Recommended,580710,30740796,Posted: 25 March,all,dov5x,"I really like this game. If you played Vietnam 65, there are some similarities buy very few. The game is very asymmetrical, and very challenging. Well worth the time for any war gamer, new or experience.To win you’ll need a  settle but complex strategy and you have to make every turn count .Well done."
76561198041055760,Recommended,580710,30963880,Posted: 5 April,all,jdrumsr,This is a good game.  They have the major bugs worked out. It does require a bit of micromanaging but you can work your way around it most of the time.  It's good.
76561198000185672,Recommended,580710,30934637,Posted: 3 April,all,mikeeTheGerman,"Game provokes much thought on how to use limited resources.  Very well designed, and by war gaming standards, nice graphics and interface.  One of the best games I have bought in the last year.  If you want to think during your game, consider buying this one."
76561198187415438,Recommended,580710,30711293,Posted: 24 March,all,DJ SLIM DICK69,nice
,Recommended,580710,31017583,Posted: 8 April,all,Liberty,"I really enjoy this game, as it makes you think about most actions you make and is easy to learn. The system of finding Taliban/Militia in the mountains and taking them out with whatever means possible is quite fun. The game has a decent amount of content for something that had came out recently so it should keep you entertained for many hours."
,Recommended,580710,31414280,Posted: 28 April,all,marcusrobertson,"Welcome to Afghanistan. You have been given charge over an American force occupying a mountainous, taliban controlled, rural area that lacks basic road and water access. You're responibility is to win the hearts and minds of the locals by providing security, infrastructure and finally destroying the taliban and their sources of income.Sounds overwhelming. Good news! it's not, this game manages to be both complex enough to keep you interested and planning while also extremely easy to learn.A must have for board game and strategy game enthusiests and a welcome addition for anyone interested in the war in Afghanistan or casual gamer looking for a fun and engaging passtime."
76561198055969565,Recommended,580710,34284474,Posted: 16 August,all,comolig,The game is GREAT! The new features with convoy and MOAB make it all more realistic! Very well made and very well cured the details of it. If you like mind challenging games where you are the center of command and every decision you make will change the outcome this is the game for you.
,Recommended,580710,30868104,Posted: 31 March,all,jammasterjr,"I give it 4 out of 5 stars.  Afghanistan '11 is a logical succesor to Vietnam '65 and improves on it in many ways.  If you loved V65, you'll like the added depth and options of A11."
76561198022078261,Recommended,580710,30879899,Posted: 1 April,all,Rattakris_Mirage,"Modern Warfare in Hexagon, where Special Force is not Superman.GREAT!!!"
76561198022296391,Recommended,580710,30730288,Posted: 25 March,all,MacAttack,"Outstanding game.  They mangaged to keep all the positives of Vietnam 65 and build with a wide assortment of cool new features and combat choices.  If you want to make a sequel, A11 has shown the world the new blueprint on how to do it.  It manages to give you the feeling of actually being a part of the battle and where and what you do, directly affects if you win or lose.  On normal settings, this is a much more difficult game, but in a good way, as you find yourself trying to balance out choices like, ""Should I send in the infantry first to clear out any dangers from partisans, or should i go right to the clearing of the IED's so they don't blow up when they take a step after they land""?  And the game actually forces you to put together convoys if you want to travel in any halfway safe situation.  Something I was personally impressed with.  Supply is much more forgiving then it's predessor, which is an improvenment.  If you run out of gas, you just have to send some, your equipment doesn't just blow up.  I'm still trying to figure out if the AI is decent.  But I can say it's doing a good job of frustrating my efforts to win the hearts and minds of the populations.  I can see that it will be necessary to use my special forces to train Afgan forces, but I haven't gotten that far.  So there is allot of pluses for this game, I'm going to rack up some hours on it for sure.  Great job developers!!"
76561197991376890,Recommended,580710,30942575,Posted: 4 April,all,Val Halla,Make sure you have a dedicated GPU and plenty of memory on it.  Using a low end or even mid level graphics device wil casue the game to freeze.  check very carefully before buying.  That said the bits I have played until it freezes is actually really good.
,Recommended,580710,30696665,Posted: 23 March,all,Atomicnom,"Enjoyable and thought-provoking. There were some release-day bugs, but they seem to have been fixed and I haven't crashed to desktop since. Be sure to use the beta branch.The ""hearts and minds"" dynamic means you have to constantly balance the resources you put towards armed conflict against helping the Afghan people with reconstruction. If you aren't attentive enough to their needs - maybe you let a village's only source of water fall into disrepair - you'll find their allegiance shifting towards local militias and the Taliban. On top of that, there's a meta-game in which you need to transition from a primarily American force in the region to an ANA (Afghan National Army) majority force throughout the course of a campaign.Edited to thumbs-up; crash to desktop was fixed promptly."
76561198018756376,Recommended,580710,30756952,Posted: 26 March,all,lor0001,"Really cool game, great gameplay. Game was released with some pretty glaring bugs, like save games not saving objective state. The Dev's seem to be very responsive though and are following through to fix these bugs.I'm not sure I really consider this a war game, the tactical elements are pretty limited. RNG to hit, enemies bounce a random number of slots away etc. The strategy elements though are amazing. From managing the logistics of troop/ammo resupply, drawdown of US forces over time, training Afghan soldiers to replace US troops, and managing relationships with villages, this game really shines."
76561198107038802,Recommended,580710,30828383,Posted: 30 March,all,Evoken,Havent played Vietnam'65 but this game approaches the war in a unique way and i would recommend it to all strategy lovers!
76561198052735862,Recommended,580710,30829580,Posted: 30 March,all,SirDrinksalot,"Great game, its what I wanted Vietnam 65 to be so well done guys.First off, 29 hours and I cannot get off the first level post tutorials, so unless once I crack the strategy for that level and it just repeats it for the other missions I might change the review but so far I am loving it and I loved Vietnam even though it was essentially one level.Love the UN, the trucks for delivering aid, having to send out convoys with troops for protection and IED detectors. Love the way too many IEDs and the road turns back to rock and you need to re make it but you need protection!Glad I paid full price for this game and worth every penny/cent/euro. I go off having been emersed for 29 hours, a dollar an hour is bloody cheap entertainment!I hope you open it up to mods too, would love to see the community re-skin and create levels in the future, I was imagining a Falklands Conflict type mod including boats for travel.I think there are a few quirks but dont know if they are bad or good, for example flying an Apache, you come across a group of Talib, they hit you with rockets and vanish, continue to fly to base, bump into another group and they rocket you and kill you however you still have a full salvo of weapons. I know this could make it too easy if your Apache were in some kind of god mode but it seems a bit tough, especially as you cant have persistent UAV - perhaps the answer is a corridor of SF...hmmmm.The other one is how poor the artillery is and the mortars are never greater than 50% hit rate, just seems a bit too hard but then again, I dont want to complete the game in 7 hours, so it may be well balanced.Anyway this review is getting in the way of another 4 hour session, lets see if I can crack that level, Im going for SF this time...."
,Recommended,580710,30843199,Posted: 30 March,all,A Tribe Called Ginger,"This is what Vietnam '65 could have been. It is far more complex and challenging. The enemy is better and harder to kill and your units are not nearly as powerful out of the gate. The missions are also great, though I have run into bugs in at least two of them that prevented sucessful completion. Though this can be a bit of a bummer, after spending 2 hours or more trying to complete, I have every confidence the Dev Team will find the issues and address them in patches. They are quite active it would seem on the discussions for this game and I have no issue recommending inspite of its the campaign glitches and ocational crashes"
,Recommended,580710,30816436,Posted: 29 March,all,Jig,"This game is a gem. It's relatively simple in its layout, but extremely challenging. You're forced to wrestle with a lot of different factors: logistics, public opinion back home, trying to win over the locals, and finally deal with the insurgents.To explain this balancing act, I'll relate something I faced in-game: My strategy was going to focus almost entirely on clearing out IEDs, and building relations with local villages. I didn't want to waste resources chasing Taliban through the mountains, as ultimately that's a futile endeavor, and I didn't see much point to it.That was a mistake.The third village I visited was on the far eastern side of the map, so I put together a convoy to just check things out (sweep for IEDs, talk to the villagers, make sure no Taliban were directly around the village). Well, about two thirds of the way to our destination, we run into two Taliban patrols inside a large valley. My two infantry squads dismount their MRAPs and engage, destroying the first patrol, but the second engagement sees the remaining Taliban flee and leaving  second squad with heavy casualties.Damn.I send a Chinook in to MEDEVAC the wounded squad and RTB, but they take fire crossing the mountain range. I re-route through the valley, pick up the wounded, and just as the Chinook is about to clear the valley... she takes fire once again, crashing into the mountain-side and killing all onboard.I should have cleared that area. I should have had a FOB out there. I should never have sent that helicopter out un-escorted.My reckless behavior has now given the Taliban a great victory, and destroyed all the confidence and goodwill I had started to develop with the Afghan people. Another disaster like that and it's all over. We'll be packing up and going home. One thing is for sure though, we're not going to take this lying down.Today, I'm going to exhaust as much political favor as I can, and we're going to go back into that valley with attack helos, special forces, and every other piece of hardware I can spare, and we're going to make them pay."
76561198007439612,Recommended,580710,30790530,Posted: 28 March,all,Corporal Himmelstoss,"This game is a textbook great sequel; it takes all the aspects of Vietnam 65 and inproves and expands on them. If you liked the first game you will be very pleased with this addition.  Challenging in the way that make you bellow with rage, yet always come back to try overcome your mistakes."
76561198016948791,Recommended,580710,30847108,Posted: 30 March,all,Hsieh.E,"Great idea, Great realization however at the time of this review 30MAR2017 game is still buggy and crashes random.Additionally, inability to have several units move in tandem bogs down the game as routine supply mission and patrols require large amounts of time"
76561197970655913,Recommended,580710,30742338,Posted: 25 March,all,jztemple,"UPDATE 2017.03.28Since the developer has released updates to address the crashing issues, I'm changing my recommendation to a thumbs up. However,for methe continuing inability to be able to save at any time is still a significant issue with the game.ORIGINAL REVIEWNineteen hours in and right now I can't recommend it. There are some minor issues, bugs in two of the campaign missions that prevent them from being counted as successful completions. However, those aren't significant since you don't need to win each one to unlock the next.My two big issues are these... I've had four crashes in nineteen hours. Very annoying. And I'm playing on a rig where I haven't seen crashes in years except in the Just Cause series and those were rare. My specs are: Intel i7 4770K 3.5GHz, 16GB RAM, GTX 780 3GB, Win7 64bit Home Premium, 480GB SSD main drive.Also the game does NOT allow you to save at any time. It does save each turn, but only after you complete your turn, click the ""End Turn"" button and the AI completes its turn. If you exit the mission and terminate the program, when you start up again it just goes back to the beginning of the current turn. And when you might be halfway through moving thirty units, that can be a pain. Certainly for those of us who have other obligations that require that we might have to shut down and step away on short notice, that's not acceptable."
,Recommended,580710,30826224,Posted: 29 March,all,=][=mmortal,"Afghanistan '11 captures the spirit of the ongoing war in AFG and for that I commend it. The obvious comparison that must be made is to Vietnam '65, its predecessor. I was happy with the additional levels of complexity, units, and abilities introduced in AFG '11 but with that feature expansion also comes an increased time committment. A default 45 turn skirmish in vietnam would run about 1.5 hours, but in AFG '11 the campaign missions are 60 turns and each takes probably 2-3x longer to finish. I'm up to multiple hours on the 5th campaign mission alone, for example, and still have a third of the turns to go. The reason for this longer duration is the more complex gameplay over Vietnam, including the micro intensive supply system, multiple unit actions per turn, much higher unit cap, and more frequent combat over Vietnam 65. The end result is that the game has a lot of content, much more than Vietnam which was a simple randomly generated skirmish over and over, but it also risks dragging on. The campaign missions would probably be better served by a 45 turn duration.The game currently does have some bugs in it, including crash to desktops, that presumably will be fixed eventually. The bugs havent been show stopping yet, but the CTDs force the odd turn to get replayed over which can take a while with the much higher unit count. There is no manual save option, but it autosaves at the start of each turn (instead of the end). There is also some wonky behavior like fuel trucks and the emergency fuel ability being able to resupply helicopters in flight. Little annoyances like being unable to use alternate abilities for an infantry squad when its in ambush stance without moving to a new tile could also use adjustment.As an Afghan vet I can't help but notice the little idiosyncracies in the game where realism was sacrificed for gameplay. For example special forces cant collect intelligence from villages like infantry, and infantry cant train Afghan army units. The Afghan names generated for the political campaigns arent real afghan names, which is odd since a 5 minute search on google could probably turn up a number of real life names to randomly recombine. The pictures in the fake newspaper updates dont seem particularly relevant to Afghanistan. Opium fields are spawned in the random corners of the map, usually on steep mountain sides, instead of near the populated rural areas where farmers live in real life. The game spans a decade with its campaign but the technology is the same throughout, ex. MRAPS in 2001. Forgiveable because its a game but again, little things that jump out at me. The game captures the spirt of the Afghan war well but it is not a hardcore simulator.All said I'm enjoying the game so far and I'm willing to overlook the odd crash and bug to recommend it to new players. Its playable now but if you arent in a huge rush waiting, for a patch or two couldnt hurt. I wouldn't be surprised if player feedback helps the team knock out some more of the wonky bugs and refine the gameplay a bit tighter."
76561198005920534,Recommended,580710,30840436,Posted: 30 March,all,ghostly909,Very addictive...like just one more turn...and the hours roll on.
,Recommended,580710,30737693,Posted: 25 March,all,VictorQvintus83,Feels like Vietnam ´65 done right. Have so far only played campaign missions but the first look the small additions of elections and hearts and mind really make the game more complete. After a quick look on Skirmish mode it looks promising. 4/5 [Edited after clarification from dev about IED/Boobytrap function]
76561197991690396,Recommended,580710,34818859,Posted: 8 September,all,TeamYankee,Good game.  Present update has a bug.=== Report ===[ ERROR: Coroutine couldn't be started because the the game object 'Animated MRAP' is inactive! ]08 Sep 2017 13:04=== System Info ===AppName: Afghanistan '11 ()AppVersion: 1.1.2Platform: WindowsPlayerRunning time: 00:28:12.8150000=== Log Entries ===[ ERROR: Coroutine couldn't be started because the the game object 'Animated MRAP' is inactive! ]08 Sep 2017 13:04
,Not Recommended,580710,30696993,Posted: 23 March,all,Nilop,"Afghanistan '11 is too monotonous and slow for my tastes. That's because I spent too much time trying to learn the controls and game mechanics in the tutorial which still didn't teach me all the features and abilities in the game. That usually isn't a problem for me, but learning the game as you play doesn't really work in this case. The tutorial was also buggy, which prevented me from completing it. It would be a very fun game, and it has lots of potential, however it just isn't finished enough to be fully playable.The most notable bug I encountered was when it wouldn't register that I had visited a village, despite me having gone to it many times and when the campfire icon was active as well. And when you clear out an area for IEDs and the men still have their minesweepers out despite being finished. But that last bug isn't game-ending, so I let it slide.Skirmish would be great, offering unlimited replayability, but you have to keep balancing your requisition points which is impossible as time goes on. You need more and more, while the Taliban just keep coming and wrecking everything you have in half a second. To counter that, you need more soldiers. But at that moment all your soldiers are wounded, so you send them to the base or FOB. But then the Taliban strike your base, killing them. And when your units die, you lose the requisition points you need to get more. So it's an endless cycle of dying and dying as your only points of revenue get shut down, choking you until you lose all control of the situation and cannot make up for losses.Don't get me started about the water works. You set up a few, and then you start getting your points. And it seems to be going well at first. But then you start getting swarmed by militia and techincals making everyone die so you can't get to your water thingy. Oh! And if you thought you could just use helicopters, think again! Techicals are everywhere! They just kill you no matter where you are! It's great! And... well. You're stuck without a helicopter and with negative points.When you have negative points you can't buy anything. And there's a good chance that you spend so much points making up for losses that you can't get anything done. Which is great! I love having nothing to work with as all the villages turn against me because I can't get to them because of all the swarms of freaking technicals! And I can't kill the technicals because everyone is dead or wounded!And since everyone is dead or wounded, you may ask, ""why not use artillery?"" Why, that's a great question! You can't shoot what you can't see, and when you have negative points you can't use the one thing that keeps you somewhat alive- the UAV. Because the UAV lets you see things. The UAV lets you find things and kill them. Without the UAV or some sort of recon you are doomed. (The special forces that provide recon die after 2 hits, which is fine and all, but if you're like me and have them near your FOB... well, they're swarmed. Even if you have them at a medical area.)I apologize if this review was somewhat influenced by hard feelings, so please interpret it as you wish. Keep in mind this review was made on day one, so the game can only improve from here. Many bugs should be cut down quickly, and the game will eventually redeem itself from it's current state. But for now, I cannot reccomend it.If you don't like my review, sure, get the game for yourself. I don't want to stop you from having a good time if you like a slow type of game with infinite micromanagment. Give it a whirl and tell me what I'm doing wrong. But don't spend too much time on the tutorial or you won't be able to refund it."
76561198007761167,Not Recommended,580710,34649594,Posted: 31 August,all,geozero,"A lot of these games from the Devs have huge potential, however, the game falls short in many areas, and is riddled with bugs that are so basic that they should have been caught in testing.  This Dev is only interested in turning and churning old and tried game code, rather than enhance games, test properly and fix bugs.  However, the most annoying thing is that the Dev for the most part never responds to Steam.  Their own forums may have some chatter, but here not so much.  I think they look at Steam as just one more way to advertise and sell the game but are not going to be bothered to provide any other input.Bugs include things like when you ""buy"" a unit you are given a choice to accept or cancel, but hit cancel, you still bought the unit.Gameplay gets repetitive limiting any fun to being a logistics handler, making sure units are supplied, etc.  There is no easy automated way to handle supply, perhaps that was the intent.  So it's not going to model and sort of combat properly, you are basically handing air lifts and truck loads of supplies.  It's about 80% logistics and 20% combat.Skirmish battles are like custom procedurally generated battles, but the enemy ALWAYS attacks from the right side of the map, while usually your base is at the left side or left/center.  That means you will spend a lot of time setting up a FOB (Foward Operation Base - think a smaller base that costs you points to build up and maintain) and/or heading to the right side of the map to look for and attack enemies.  They still have the capability to randomly spawn (""from caves"") anywhere on the map with a nasty habit of just appearing at your base's doorsteps, so not only will you need to have units at your base for protection (which I get, but come on they can never spot enemies), you will have to shuttle units back and forth from the FOB with units, supplies, evacuating wounded units, etc.You will likely only ""operate"" in small areas of the map, perhaps only visiting 1 or 2 villages.  For the most part it takes to UN truck convoys or more to turn an unfriendly village to a friendly one, although you get very little back in return.  In other words for skirmish/random battles, there's no point in having these villages, and you will find your self building a FOB (forget having more than one due to the expense) and running helis to search enemies, and using a few forward troops to help spot enemies.Now the thing is since you know the enemy will come from the right side of the map, once you find a ""spawn"" hex, you just wait for them to appear and attack and destroy.  Repeat and rinse.It all comes down to running supplies everywhere, searching for a spawn point and camp out to fight it out.  60 turns becomes repetitive.  Then there's the bugs.   Then there's the lack of any Dev responses.It would be better as an RTS (maybe) but limited to hexes for that old game board feel.  But it's a huge fail IMO.  Save the money, and look for a different RTS game.  At least there you will have a click fest fighting instead of a click fest of sending supplies."
76561198031271212,Not Recommended,580710,30936918,Posted: 3 April,all,ristar85,"Many issues with the game. Don't believe the hype.Oversimplified game for what could be something better. Especially for combat.TLDR, I can not recommend this game at its current state. It would've been way better if more thought were put into it with regards to the weapons systems, level of training, combat and becoming more ""lore friendly"".Don't believe the hype.PositiveDev team that listens and interacts with community.MixedNews articles in game. Though repetitive, is a nice touch. Would've been better if they put more than one article because it gets really old really fast.NegativeLimited units.Limited unit types.Limited use of UAVs and air support. But ""muh game balance"". Riiiight.Predator/Global Hawk can't fire anything. Not lore-friendly.No modding. No Steam WorkshopBugs, bugs, bugsCombat based entirely on not so random RNG. If your attack fails to land, it will fail to land a few more times. This damn game reminds me of XCOM, except you can't save scum it.Taliban vs US troops = 50% chance to win. lol. Cavemen that can't aim with crap equipment vs soldiers armed and trained with the best money can buy. Yeah, totally 50-50 chance. lolwut? Know why the Taliban use IEDs and rockets? Because they can't aim and the soldiers wear body armour.Taliban can run away when fired upon unlimited times during your turn. The RNG gods that frown upon your sacrifice will  let them run for more than half the map before letting you kill them. Ridiculous and unrealistic. Apparently, every Taliban is an ultra-marathoner and even your Apaches and SF won't be able to catch them.Taliban can fire at all adjacent units after running away, after you attack it.Ineffective weapons and ineffective soldiers. US (player) side are a bunch of untrained bozos. Apache attack helicopter vs sandal-wearing Taliban. Taliban succeeds in running away all the time. And if they run to a position that's adjacent to one of your units, high chance of your unit taking damage.Lousy list interface. The game itself runs smooth enough, but in the base list where all the units are listed, the game becomes a slide show. Dev ignored this and said something about a replacement or whatever.No total number of soldiers stats in the base list. Want to know how many soldiers you have? Start counting.List is a simple list - Just keep adding to the end of it. Can not be sorted by name, can not be sorted by unit type. lolwut? Want to find something? Scroll through the unresponsive list that behaves like a slide show and behaves like your computer's a 186 trying to run Crysis. LOL.Thoughtless - garrisoned base does not shoot back at Taliban shooting at it.Thoughtless - Occupied vehicles do not seem to increase effectiveness during combat.Thoughtless - SF has less attack value than Infantry. lolwut?Thoughtless - Helicopters fly blind, Devs completely ignore the fact that they're packed with sensors (Optical, FLIR, and on the AH-64D Longbow, a Radar.)Thoughtless - Helicopters should be able to blow anything away. Watch some guncam, it's like clubbing baby seals.Thoughtless - No defenses for base. No claymore mines, no one in base shoots the enemy etc.Vehicles staying in one place outside of HQ/FOB uses fuel. Why? The Devs think that the US military does not know how to turn off the engine or something?Game does not mark what campaign missions have been completed.Slow animation and very rigid system. You spend more time watching for your units to move from A to B than playing the game. Can't control other units while the animation's going on.While I understand that most games use chevrons to indicate level of experience, this should be changed because no Private or Sergeant commands an entire company, and the company commander's rank is more or less the same. Using rank-agnostic stuff like skull icons to indicate level of experience is preferred.Unable to seal enemy spawn points. They're supposed to emerge from tunnels, why can't the player bomb the tunnel?Thoughtless - US F-16s in Afghanistan? Did the Devs use the model for another game? Because this is not lore-friendly. US has been using F/A 18 Hornets and F18E/F Super Hornets for a long time.EOD vehicles can't defend themselves. But they can't move in a convoy (as of now) either. So either the bomb squad guys get shot at by the Taliban, or the troops in their MRAPs get blown up by an IED or two.No militia SVBIED?News articles shown in game are somewhat unrelated to user's actions."
,Not Recommended,580710,30964256,Posted: 5 April,all,jacknscruffy,"Interesting concept and design for a counterinsurgence game. However, it does get quite repetitive very quickly. Game lacks variety among its different scenarios."
,Not Recommended,580710,30696950,Posted: 23 March,all,stingrai007,"full system crashes every time I try to play tutorial 3, getting a refund until some patches come out"
,Not Recommended,580710,30751082,Posted: 26 March,all,New Noobies,crash!! crash!! crash!!!!! developer plz do fix it! we player aint pay expensive for a game that crash all the time!!
,Not Recommended,580710,30983305,Posted: 6 April,all,papacinos,Bugs on bugs on bugs. Gameplay is not balanced. Game designers of that game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... Almost 30$ for this game is too much.
76561197971289190,Not Recommended,580710,32963875,Posted: 28 June,all,Hobophobe,"My two word review: ""Copy Solid.""Can't do basic research or talk to vets to get the lingo right? Make a snotty reply when people try to give you helpful feedback? Not a developer I'll waste time or money with again."
76561198128913518,Not Recommended,580710,31413155,Posted: 28 April,all,adybohana,vietnam 65 is a brilliant game and could do with more updates. this pile of junk is not worth the money avoid it.
76561198312095932,Not Recommended,580710,31009519,Posted: 7 April,all,epiclolyay,"BEFORE YOU BUY!!!Please do not buy this game, save your money! While it may seem like a turn-based strategy game where you have politics, command of drones etc. It is NOTHING like that!You play each level or skirmish in a confined space with a limited number of turns. Then you get some troops and go around for a while, and BANG you get your bit of action with killing one or two enemy infantry units. And after that their is litterally nothing left to do: No enemies left, no towns to visit, just nothing. Oh and by the way the same political points you use to buy your units slowly depletes over time and you can't stop it from doing so.I can't believe this actually costs $30 USD"
,Not Recommended,580710,30717573,Posted: 24 March,all,Brian,I played it for 30 minutes and became so frusterated with the controls that I had to take some blood pressure medication.
,Recommended,580710,34345255,Posted: 19 August,all,bradp,the game take abit to get use to much it amazing and fun game.
76561198036562911,Recommended,580710,34347820,Posted: 19 August,all,youarethemusic,"Sure enough, plays similarly to Vietnam '65, which remains great game of tactical fundamentals. If you were into Vietnam '65, transition to this will be pretty easy and you can get right down to the fun. As one might expect, this one gives the player even more variety of friendly and enemy capabilities, and environmental challenges to navigate. Thanks for a game that delivers without trying to be too much.DEFINITELY RECCOMEND"
76561198027107356,Recommended,580710,34363630,Posted: 19 August,all,hitmason,"Great game! A very good representation of the war in afghanistan. With a focus on handing over to ANA units and the need for engineer units for the purpose of construction and search. However, the game has a few bugs. For example use of repair stations at FOB's results in the unit disappearing."
