user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198014551609,Not Recommended,581220,30718041,Posted: 24 March,all,[ZAG] jecko7,"As far as I can tell, gameplay revolves around assigning a story - selected from a revolving pool of headlines - to one of your journalists. A progress bar will fill up twice, once for ""writing"" and once for ""proofreading."" A number next to “ready to publish” increments by one each time. You choose how often your paper is published (weekly, daily, etc), and every time it is published, “ready to publish” resets to 0 and you get some money based on the quality and relevance of your articles. The relevance is determined by a random number next to each headline – and you know it's random, because nothing exists in the game world besides your office building and the menus you use to put out your paper. Headlines with higher numbers are better. If comparing two numbers to see which is higher is too much for you, there is an “autosearch” button you can use to automate the entire process.If there is more to it than that, it is well hidden. There is no tutorial or help menu, and there are no tooltips. You can upgrade your building so it holds more offices, or do research for passive buffs for things like increased speed or decreased rent. Leave the game on autosearch and fast-forward for a while to get enough money to do this. You can also hire more journalists to help you. They have various statistics (celebrities, science, politics, etc). I assume this matters behind the scenes, but the pool of “relevant” articles is so small it hardly seems worth fussing over. I took out a loan to get to the end of the game to try out things like “investigations,” but nothing shakes up the core gameplay of watching progress bars fill up (granted, many games focus on that, but there's usually some window dressing or decision making).While half of the game is patronizingly obvious, another half of the features are just plain baffling. You can choose to have your journalists do “notes,” “articles” or “interviews,” for instance. None of these options are explained, and as someone who works as a newspaper reporter, I can confidently state that this lack of information is not helped with real-world experience. There are also random events. For example, you might lose $42 because people are upset over your paper's article on abortion, even though you didn't write about abortion. Or your article about tennis might cause some scientists to lose a grant. This also subtracts money from your account. The negative events are balanced out by positive events that are just as arbitrary and disconnected, so they don't add a gameplay challenge, they're just odd.And while this won't matter to many, and I don't want to be mean about this because I'm certain the developers are not native English speakers, grammar and spelling are awful throughout. Given that it's a game about journalism (and even features proofreaders), I had higher expectations for the language localization than I would have for, say, a game about spaceships or pirates.In summary, the gameplay is too generic and uninvolving to simulate anything, and attempts at making the game about running a newspaper are poorly executed. The developers say Early Access won't last more than 1-2 months, and while that might be enough time to fix existing issues, it's not enough to add the features that are needed to make this game unique or enjoyable."
76561198007478967,Not Recommended,581220,31876127,Posted: 20 May,all,Pezzilla,"The biggest problem witht the game is that there is no real control. It's a lot like throwing spaghetti against the wall.First, you need somewhere for your staff to rest or your quality goes to crap, but the default office does not come with a rest area. Why is one not included at the start? or have them leave, go home and come back rested or something?Anyway, my biggest complaint is you cannot keep readers. You can lose all your readership with one bad issue. And you cannot really help it because you will automate your staff and if there is no celebrity news available, they just do another genre and boom, your readership dwindles.It's hard to make money, seriously. You need the larger building to hire more than one other person and have a rest area, but then that $5,000 a month rent comes and just eats up anything you have made plus more. You can do these 'quests' to pay the bills, but guess what publishing a couple of notes a bout economics does to your readership levels.Anyone wanna guess?Unbalanced and not really fun. Great concept, but poor execution."
76561198376003655,Recommended,581220,30746548,Posted: 26 March,all,jmandall,"After playing this game for about 2 hours i want to say - it's not AWFULL. There is no doubt that it need lots and lots improovement works, but even at current state it's very addictive. The main minus for me - plyer has not so much influence on creation proces - yes, you can change the price, set print setting - but that's it. I WANT TO CHOOSE ARTICLES I WANT TO SEE ON FRONT PAGE, I'M CEO!! Interface is not always intuitive - but key words here ""not always"". I didn't see any change between articles type, also happiness works in some strange way... And you'll ask me - why positive review, man? I'll try to explain. As i said - the game is not BAD, you can't just say, that something is made half-heartedly - NOT AT ALL - everything works, i didn't mentioned any bugs - the main problem is - monotony at some point. I'm sure it needs balance and more content. I'll check the game in few month, and i really hope that this positive review won't change to negative.For now - 7/10 - not a masterpiece, but can entertain you, before you understand - hey, i've done all that stuff before!"
76561198396949811,Recommended,581220,32610333,Posted: 20 June,all,africancheez,"This game is not bad. I dont understand all of the negativity behind the game. I think the only people who do not like this game, are people who dont like tycoons in general. This game is challenging and fun."
,Not Recommended,581220,31462452,Posted: 30 April,all,ThunderMare,"As it stands, it is very unpolished and featureless.There are a few bugs here and there, nothing game breaking.Feels a bit more mechanical than most tycoons. Fiddling with the knobs (price, paper quality, etc.) can have catastrophic consequences. Sometimes readers go down I don't know why.Early game is extremely boring. All I did was set founder to journalist and proofreader, then select the articles that get published. Would be great to have some sort of automatic mechanism to select articles (you could even have minimum standards for quality and/or relevance).Can't recommend this game at this time. Potential is there, will come back to it after the next DEV update."
76561198376456553,Recommended,581220,30789550,Posted: 28 March,all,Snowman_Joe,"I love tycoon games - and this game is definitely good one! Stiil some things are neeed to be better - I wish to have more control on my newspaper - like chosing articles i want to publish, sometimes some robbers just take my money because i've wrote an article before - can be annoying sometimes. But in general - this game is good:))"
76561198378530180,Recommended,581220,30794776,Posted: 28 March,all,Martin Borg,"I don't buy something in EA section, really - hope, i shouldn't explain, why. For a quite long time i have been waiting someone makes tycoon game about journalist work - and after some search yesterday i was surprised when found this one. And i bought it. So, after some play i want to tell - not bad, i really expected much worse after reading negative reviews of this game. Game mechanics are simple - you choose an event from the list (each one has own theme like politics etc, and relevance) - and your journalist prepares an article for your newspaper. You can set price, paper quality (didn't understand 100% - how it works, needs more tips), choose the look of your front page. After release you see how much new subscribers you have and your rating. Cool thing is - each journalist has many skills like writing, proofreading etc - and if they jounrnalist performs some action - skill grows - like ermmm.. Skyrim. You can also rent new buildings (that require rent each month), and build new offices to hire more stuff. Building system is similar to Fallout Shelter. Sometimes something happens - like sportman won't buy your paper anymore - and you loose subscribers. Bad thing is - it happens too often and needs to be balanced. Final: i'm satisfied with this game and would see, what it will become, when will be finished.PS. Sorry for bad English, i'm from Germany."
,Not Recommended,581220,30727191,Posted: 25 March,all,neueschritte,"Dear Devs,dear community,I do whant to state out, that this review shall help to improve the game,as in the moment is is really a very smal starting game, that has a lot of potential,but needs a lot of work to do, to make it a wonderful game...Let us look into it:+ a wonderfull Idea, to compete against al the shooting stuff+ a nice way of making things better in the world maybe+ nicely designed overal+ firmly working with good FPS ratesBUT now lets look into the gameplayIm putting this out as IDEAS, so do not take it wrong in any case:- no possibility to rewiev the last published articles- no posibility to comment articles or take back articles, as they are random(means to be able to take back an article from the Market, so you do not loose subscribers.- no way to choose a category in articles, to improve your own way of journalism.(means no influence in, what direction your journalisim will go, so no clasdsifications.- no way in choosing, if you whant to be a newspaper, a magazine, even there are no categories,the only way is to choose the release dates....(means, to be a Sports Magazine, Sience Paper or Beauty Collum, what ever,)- no meetings in the team, no conferences or Press meetings...- no way to choose youre headline article for the next release....- no influence with your articles on the market or society, as the returns are random... (Las Vegas)- no other companies to work with, or against, so no copmetitors... alone in a big city?- no market, no reviews, no clients, no bad or good, all randome.- no given categories in the articles, if they are political, sozial, sience and so on- no way to choose for categories in the news headlines, when picking an article.- no way to write sidenotes, or have influence of what you are writing ... no way to stop an article, madeby an other Journalist in your company, before releasing them to the audience...- There is a ranking in the game, but what for as it only depends on how often you write and release.- Random things happen, taking or giving you money, what make no sence of all... random , Las Vegas- no way to choose what journalists will do for work, lik,e Mary does Sience, Ben does sports, Ann does Beauty- no way to make your own brand name, as there is NOONE in the city... no AI players- The UIs are far to big, and blocking the screen, especially the headline, htat disturbes- What is the FACE for? Sometime green, sometimes RED, ...?- NO TOUTORIAL , and no Notes- Not a lot of animations and stuff to make the game look more filled, looks like a 2D Browsergame.- Do people work 24 h a day, never going home or for lunch, OK breakroom....- What does DAY 1, WEEK 1, MONTH 1 , YEAR 1 mean? , don´t we have a real date system, what would look far better.- no suroundings, like other places, oh yes 2D Browsergame, so what for...- it should say: Choose youre Theme (or headline), not article, as you are the one who will write one...Please do something in these things, and it will b a great game.I did not take a refund, as I whant it to move on.I´m from Germany, so please do not look to much into my spelling.. smilesHave a great day"
76561198012068872,Recommended,581220,31079846,Posted: 11 April,all,oldeguy,"The game is a great concept. I enjoyed it for a few hours, but the whole game needs a bit more polish to make it more interesting. The randomness of the story quality and the inability to improve the capabilities of the 'writers takes away from the 'newsy' feel of the game. There aren't enough breaking stories to get subscribes to sign up, nor is there enough diversity in the stories to hold the 'readers' interest.  The Dev is doing a great job improving the game, but it still has a few 'pages' to go."
,Recommended,581220,30733567,Posted: 25 March,all,AlexTheBeast Gaming,Drear Oreol TeamI love this game but there is a lot to do and alot farther to go. I found this game 4 hours before it came out it looked awsome I loved it. But when I Bought it I was a little disapointed with what I saw the grapics where nice but no tourtorial for a complex game like that angers People you have a nice game with great potenial and I dont want to see this game go to wast and I am a big fan of you reading your reviews and adding what people want to the game fast to if you keep up the great work adding what the fans want and updating it fast this game will make a killing I am far in to and dont have much money so I apreciarte how you uped that. I pearsonly think you should add a way to raise or lower you starting cash and a way where you build your company from a paper vcompany to a paper company and have  a web site and have a tv network to boradcast news and a multiplayer that you can work with and agianst each other that would make the game AWSEOME all ready more than it is.Best Regars- Alex
76561198110802465,Not Recommended,581220,33833583,Posted: 27 July,all,Diamantpeter,"So far, this game is unfinished, and since I bought it no updates at all have been released.As of right now, waste of money. Idea got potential, but a lot of work needs to be done with it."
76561198375801614,Recommended,581220,30720441,Posted: 24 March,all,avad.afk,"This game is a real time-eater, reminds of GameDEV Tycoon, but in some different way.Pros:-Gameplay. I like the idea of managing own newspaper, first steps were not obvious, but after i understood how to play (no tutorial at all, really?? Please, add one) this game took my whole time. More subs, more subs...-Side-scrolling. Is quite convenient for tyccon game, i think - building and renting is intuitive, all rooms i've build are working the way they should.-Deep journalist stats system - there are many themes to write about, as well as personal stats like writing, proofreading etc.-Some evens are funny (yellow ones), some are not at all (politics)Minus:-NO TUTORIAL (The most stuff is intuitive clear, but not everything at all, devs are you here?)-Long start - you have to spend some time, before your company will be successful one.Total: Good tycoon, need to polished, but my vote is ""YES"", hope final release will bring us more stuff."
,Not Recommended,581220,31888984,Posted: 21 May,all,jdpowers4,"The concept is good but the game does not go deep enough. Workers do not take breaks and the day never ends. The sky changes and worker attribute drop over time, but there is no recovery or rest. Either there are not enough random populated stories or the posting of them have a random relevance ratio that doesn't work. Settings for the worker to make selections of stories do not always work and workers continue to make the same mistakes regardless of their level. Without any constant personal attributes or recovery / rest periods each day, no real sense can be made about their performance. The workspaces do not seem to have any real benefit either. What is comfort suppose to do for a worker? I could go on but the list is far to long. This is suppose to be a newspaper, but this game only deals with recording and producing it. Where are the people these stories are about and who are the people developing them? There are writers, photographers, proofreaders, copy, and editors, not to mention all the other things in the paper like cartoons, ads, and classifieds. The revenue stream from a paper is quite complex and even without the other media streams that are not within the game, a newspaper is a rich project to make a game the subject of to start. Get to work or dump the project."
76561198378489922,Recommended,581220,30945402,Posted: 4 April,all,mrpater,"Hi, developers! I just wish there were more possibilities like writing fake news, or to have competitions with other companies. Really, the idea is great, just needs more polishing - i would still recommend it to all players who like tycoons and such."
,Not Recommended,581220,34448511,Posted: 23 August,all,Navarro,"News Tycoon is the wrong execution of the right idea. The news industry is a fascinating concept to explore, given then industry's social-engineering, black-propaganda and other aspects. News Tycoon gently touches on this this, with various entites offering incentives, often large cash payments, to spin articles in their favor. However, the game is very much in an incomplete and partly broken state, and it doesn't appear that the developers are very interested in correcting even the simplest flaws, despite their critical impact. As of the writing of this review, the last response to a bug report was in April of 2017. To make matters worse, they've been advised of and acknowledged easily remedied flaws, such as mispelling ""Korea"" as ""Corea,"" but they've yet to correct the problem.Major flaws include such things as the player being unable to sort topics by relevance. The option to sort be relevance is available, but not all topics are displayed when doing so. In fact, only a very small percentage is. This means that as your staff grows, you can either micromanage everyone, choosing each topic for them, or you can allow them to choose their own topics, but the relevance will be random. This is comparable to India declaring war on China tomorrow, and newspapers printing articles on increasing electricity prices and the sale of a spoon manufacturer, but never an article on anything relevant to the war, or relevant to the reader at all. The ""relevance"" of your paper will plummet, as will your revenue and subscribers. The bugged relevance sorting is probably an easy fix, but the developers can't be bothered with correcting that bug, nor any other.While the relevance issue is a glaring flaw which forces the player to tediously micromanage their journalists, or suffer poor ratings and sales, a variety of smaller issues will also be immediately obvious. There's little variety in the subjects available. You'll be writing the same articles over and over again. You might be surprised how often America's president decides to fire the entire government on New Years Day, how often that same president resigns, or how often NASA announces a mission to Mars. There's also very few topics available in general. Whatever subject your journalists specializes in, they'll run out of subjects to report on often. There's an entire world of ""economics,"" ""politics"" and so forth taking place, but your staff is oblivious, and you'll have to invest massive sums of money, maxing-out your news organization's ability to discover news, just to ensure a single journalist in any subject will be aware of enough events to consistently have something to write about on their assigned subject, and even then he/she will still have to write about some other random topic fairly regularly. Apparently your journalists have never heard of the internet, and apparently the game's developers have never heard of newswires like Reuters or AFP.A game on this topic could be fascinating, and thus this game has potential. The developers are however investing no effort what-so-ever. News Tycoon looks dead. To make matters worse, the developers have disabled Steam Workshop, so even if the community wished to correct the game's problems, it can't be done in any practical fashion. Not that there is a community. Until the developers start developing again, if that day ever comes, and until, at a bare minimum, the developers correct the easy-to-fix autosearch/relevance bug, I don't recommend this game. As of this moment, News Tycoon appears to be abandoned, incomplete and broken.Lastly, even if the developers begin developing again, and even if the relevance/autosearch bug is corrected, I can't recommend this game at any price greater than $4.99, especially considering Steam Workshop has been disabled. That limits the game's potential, and also suggests the developers intend to intentionally leave things out so that they can sell them to you later as DLC."
76561198308957900,Recommended,581220,30720316,Posted: 24 March,all,orletmaria,Good game for a relaxing break away
76561198103265436,Not Recommended,581220,33204813,Posted: 3 July,all,zachsbiz,"The game is not finished. No turtorial, missions cannot be completed, no explaintion of game mechanics.....maybe when its finished i'll play again."
76561197992611153,Recommended,581220,30724499,Posted: 25 March,all,Spoco,"Its a good game, I will give it a thumbs up, only because its orginal and quite addictive to play, Its based around a news paper that you control with random news headlines and such, I like it but im glad its early access as it needs addressing it many areas.my thoughts.....No tutorial, no help tips or anything to guide you at the start, can get repeative quickly and no information , graphically its good and it works but more customisations and editing features for the paper would be nice"
76561198043724874,Recommended,581220,30720154,Posted: 24 March,all,xWorstNameEverx,"Pretty good game for early access, lots and lots of potential some details need to be fixedbut in general i give it a 7.5/10"
76561198070043172,Recommended,581220,31818495,Posted: 18 May,all,mdslondon,"I absolutely love Tycoon/Strategy/Simulation/Sandbox Games...I do like the prospect of this game and its potential... However I do have to say as it stands there is nothing much to it!The idea is great, running your own  newspaper. Brillaint possibilities could come with it.I completely understand it is in Early Access and for that reason I am giving it a thumbs up a this time, with hope that the game will indeed develop.Maybe it is just me, but I can't quite grasp the development of this game whislt playing it as it is now. The time (days/weeks) pass by incredibl fast compared to what staff initially can write. The quality of the choices for transforming your paper actually don't seem to make any differnce to the selling/buying factor.The readers factor in the game is also seeming out of balance. I have in my current game 4 staff, each writing on a specific subject (economics, culture, celebrities, etc) and each writing different types of articles (note, interviw, investigation, etc). That doesn't seem to keep the readers coming back and growing in fact after each newspaper is released the readers seems to reset back to 0 and start all over again, only to hapen the same thing once a new paper is published. Leaves me wondering... what are these readers for and what is the actual balance they depend upon?Seems like after hours of playing the game (and i mean one single continuous game) the money keeps being pretty consistent but never really achieves higher levels to be able to develop the office, hire staff, etc... so what is the actual point of playing if the money doesn't grow or it seems like one has to play endlessly to try and achieve a tiny amount of money at a time!?So I shall finish my rant for now as there is already plenty on here!All in all, great idea, great potential, barely taped into and eagerly awaiting to see what and if it actually develops into anything.I understand that developers like this need money in order to develop the games and I am all in for supporting new ventures... however, for the price as it currently stands it is far too pricey for what is worth it really.Look forward to seeing if it can maintain my fingers up in future or if it will end up being one of those games one has to change into a thumbs down further down the line!"
,Not Recommended,581220,33600005,Posted: 16 July,all,keltobin,"This game has potential, but is unfinished and confusing in the beginning.  If the developer was more active, I would give it a thumbs up as I enjoy what is there.  Unfortunately, there has been a lack of news or updates for too long."
,Not Recommended,581220,33525855,Posted: 13 July,all,Azural,"This game COULD be a lot of fun... if the missions worked, if the peeps did what they were supposed to, if you didn't lose ALL of your suscribers the one time you couldn't publish the ONE genera that you are forced to ALWAYS publish...."
,Recommended,581220,32163986,Posted: 3 June,all,KittyTeam,I love it!!!
76561198107568124,Not Recommended,581220,30766451,Posted: 26 March,all,Hercules Mulligan,The game is in a rough state at the moment and it may be difficult for the developer to implement the features in that everyone desires.There is a lack of ability on the player's part to be able to control the scope of his business and other more detailed elements that are necessary in these types of games.The graphics are sub-par and there are a lot of typos.It is currently very unbalanced and has a long way to go before I give it a positive review.
76561197988926577,Not Recommended,581220,34421956,Posted: 22 August,all,Follyman,just ewww
76561198293652130,Not Recommended,581220,31636700,Posted: 8 May,all,rbrice2000,"the game is slow , just baought it and it is having glitches"
76561198119260132,Not Recommended,581220,33769149,Posted: 24 July,all,Fenix,it a Bad game.
,Not Recommended,581220,30719501,Posted: 24 March,all,stankiem,"News Tycoon puts you in charge of a newspaper company in the golden age of the printed periodical, 2016...  Let me start off by saying this game is not BAD, and I would probably give it a neutral if that was allowed in Steam reviews, but I did refund it and I didn't have fun with it for more than a few moments.  The gameplay basically consists of you picking articles from a repeating list of topics, there is no input during article writing, there is no decisions for you to make outside of which articles you write, what offices go where, and what the layout of your paper looks like.  It's impossible to tell if any of this actually affects anything else because there is far too little feedback given to the player in the game.  No columns are labeled, few values are put into context and there is no tutorial to speak of.  Not to mention the game feels static because you're always in the same view for the most part and doing the same things over and over.  There are some decent automation options it seems, but I was not compelled to use them because the game felt unbalanced, unimpactful, and unrefined.I would let this one cook for a half year or so and see if it offers more, then bite if so!https://youtu.be/N_Ea3UEx1zU"
76561198281493514,Recommended,581220,31084129,Posted: 11 April,all,jstarchat,This game has potential keep the updates coming and keep the creative juices flowingnice Early Access game
76561198063878961,Not Recommended,581220,30710363,Posted: 24 March,all,ExactChaos,"Ok, so initially the concept seemed quite cool, but unfortunately after dropping a few hours into the game it has lost my interest.If you want to see how the game play works, have a look at this video:https://youtu.be/Lfazpr71fFQThe big problems with the game in my opinion are:1. No clear tutorial or guidance on the mechanics2. There does not seem to be a way in which you can create a niche market for your newspaper (what is relevant for your potential subscribers seem to be pre defined)3. It is very repetitive, you just prepare articles over and over again (no thinking involved)4. The game events are extremely random, and seems way off balance. (most weeks the money lost from random events exceeds your income)5. There does not seem to be any advertising and/or subversive elements to make things more intesting (maybe add contracts or bribes to write propoganda pieces could spice up the tedious and repetitive article writing mechanic).While it is pretty cheap to pick up, and it will amuse you for an hour or two it ultimately leaves you wanting more as your imagination takes hold and you think what other cool and fun elements could be added to the game."
,Not Recommended,581220,32692938,Posted: 23 June,all,TSM,I think they put too much thought into this game.
76561198043336389,Not Recommended,581220,34401725,Posted: 21 August,all,mr.churka,"A fun concept, but not a mature game.tldr:pros-The UI is simple and quick to master-Some ability to automate reports-News articles have entertaining titlescons-no real tutorial or guides-readers have no clear quality requirements.  Producing a paper with the same number of articles of the ssame average quality with the same reader base may add several readers or lose several-Quests are buggy or poorly presented, sometimes failing to recognize that writing 5 ""economics"" notes qualifies as 5 notes about ""the economy""News Tycoon is a relatively simple game with some relatively basic problems.  The basic objective of the game is the same as most simulator / tycoon games; build a customer base and balance expenses against profit.  With no tutorial or manual, and a seemingly arbitrary determination of the quality of your paper, your ability to grow your reader base will be extremely limited, and the game therefore extremely frustrating."
