user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,581370,32777261,Posted: 25 June,all,死神,"StoryPlayers are a female protagonist on a journey to visit her husband, Eric's grave. Along the trip the widow makes comments and recalls memories of her life before Eric passed, but is ultimately ambiguous and leaves the story heavily lacking of any real substance. There was one part of the game that didn't seem to fit the rest of the storyline at all and that was random low-key horror element of the house in the village. (trying to keep the point spoiler free).GraphicsIn ingame graphics are a split 50/50 in this game, the grass, flowers and sunflares make the game incredibly pretty but pretty much everything else, the wildlife, structures and landmarks are all lacking in quality that ultimately gives the game a dates/aged feel.MusicInitially the music really grated me the Chapter 1 track was awful and unfitting of the story and setting but as the story progressed the music changed and felt more fitting.Pros- Graphics are quite pretty and I took some nice scenic screenshots.- Cost - about 1.5-2 hours gameplay depending on how much you explore.- Trading cards and achivements (I like collecting achivements for games I invest time in)Cons- Music seemed unfitting for the style of game, some tracks were better than others.- Voice acting and language / vague storyline really left the character unpersonable.- Some nature sound effects were poorly looped and took away from the atmosphere- Abstract experienceOverall Rating: 4/10"
,Not Recommended,581370,30181287,Posted: 25 February,all,Uncle Sparticus,"The Drizzlepath saga continues with Drizzlepath: Glass. Right at the top, I'd like to say that this game is much more enjoyable than Drizzlepath: Genie, but not nearly as enjoyable as the original Drizzlepath. Now let's take a look at why.The basic structure of this game is very similar to the other two entries in the series. You walk along a path (don't let the ""I swear it's open world this time"" in the store page fool you), occasionally a woman's voice speaks, and you climb a mountain at the end, Dear Esther-style. BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE--this time, you can click on things. About ten times. Don't let the ""hidden object-style gameplay"" fool you, either. The gameplay is about as deep as a kiddie pool, and that's coming from a HOG addict.Now, a little more about that woman's voice, which of course is the primary element of all these games. The actress is a British lady who is doing her best to faithfully bring to life all the hard-translated lines Tonguc can throw at her. She really is pretty good as an actress, but the lines just don't bring a lot to the table. In Drizzlepath 1, the writing was so baffling it was amazing. In Drizzlepath 2, the lines were so pretentious they were grating on the soul. In this one, they're just boring.Now, a little about the story. Have you ever played Silent Hill 2? If you have, you've already seen everything this game attempts to do better than it can ever hope to do it. That's really all that needs to be said. As I found myself thinking over and over again while playing this game, no one needs to play this game. If you like walking simulators or horror, go play SOMA. If you like even a little bit of gameplay, go play Layers of Fear. If you like hidden object games, go play Theatre of the Absurd (which also isn't great but it at least has the stated gameplay style). Skip Drizzlepath: Glass so you don't corrupt and dilute your memories of the ""heavily accented Spanish lady"" (AKA the unintelligible South American woman) from the original. Oh, yeah, and if you haven't played Drizzlepath, go do that. It's great for a laugh. This, not so much."
,Recommended,581370,34006520,Posted: 3 August,all,[slckr]robilar5500,"You know, every so often a game or series of games by an indie developer crosses your path and you really just have to dive in and see what there is to see. With Tonguc's games, my fascination is also filled with admiration, and as I play my way through his catalog of games, I find the quality of craftsmanship to be elevated with each new entry. Drizzlepath was a cool experience, Drizzlepath: Genie built upon that experience while becoming more focused. Bottle was a master class in taking a single concept and remaining focused throughout. With Drizzlepath: Glass, his mastery over the graphics engine and gameplay has become as evident as has his willingness to deviate from established style while still staying within a very true representation of the walking simulator genre.StoryTonguc wrote the story for Drizzlepath: Glass himself and I think the evolution of storytelling in Tonguc's games is definitely apparent here. This is a more mature and yet also less verbose effort. The stories in the previous games were interesting as well, but I felt Glass was more approachable (for me anyway).Drizzlepath: Glass takes on the topic of death, grief, and mourning, and while I won't spoil the story here, I will say that there were some pretty cool twists and turns that will keep you interested and also provide at least two distinct ""Oh ####"" moments as well.While I hadn't specifically noticed this in Tonguc's past games, what I realized here is that there is a subtle and yet persistent erosion of the fourth wall. Rather than do so in overt fashion, the writing draws attention to what you are experiencing while keeping it within the confines of a personal, introspective dialogue from the protagonist.I really felt the story in Drizzlepath: Glass upped the ante for this series. 8 out of 10GameplayThe gameplay in Drizzlepath: Glass is completely tight and responsive. The controls handle immaculately, there were zero issues with clipping or other common issues that tend to plague games in this genre, and it really flowed seamlessly.The level design was very linear, and this is a definite noticeable direction Tonguc has been taking with his games. Yes, you can still wander about and check out the nooks and crannies within each chapter, but you are always encouraged to move forward along a singular path, and this is truly effective in my estimation. Too often, a lack of structure becomes an impediment to the story being told, whereas here, the obvious path forward really puts you in a good position to experience the game with proper pacing.There are a couple puzzles in the game which are easily solved, but were nicely done regardless. There was also an interesting horror section which might seem out of place while reading about it, but within the context of the game made perfect sense and actually served to break up the pace a little and re-invest you in the experience.9.5 out of 10GraphicsThe graphics in Drizzlepath: Glass are a nice example of how a person can really refine the Unreal engine to craft a beautiful game. This game is stunning and with quite a bit of diversity, from the beautiful and flowing grasslands and forests to the ominous almost marshy areas and quite a bit beyond. There is also a lot of attention paid to distance within the game, and so things in front of you will be distinct and crisp while the objects further out will become increasingly hazy and indistinct. This game is a looker and you are almost certain to take copious screenshots as you explore the game's five chapters.10 out of 10AudioI'm not sure who recorded this soundtrack, but the guitar pieces in particular were masterful. At times whimsical and at others brooding and dark, the audio tracks were not only consistent with the moods intended at various parts of the game, but indeed were pivotal in helping to instill and maintain those moods. Really, really well done. Quite a few of those tracks I could easily see myself listening to while driving or otherwise out and about.Also, the voice acting in Drizzlepath: Glass has seen definite improvement from past installments in the series as well. This was an organic effort, and you really could feel an emotional attachment to the protagonist, which is quite important as she is both telling a tale and contemplating her attachment to it variably. Without that organic, natural feel to it, the story would not have been the same.10 out of 10VerdictDrizzlepath: Glass is really a success in every imaginable way. Everything about this game not only engages the player, but also serves as a clear demonstration that all involved parties have advanced their craft and continue to refine their abilities when it comes to video game development, story, acting, music, etc...This ends up being 9.375 out of 10, but that is a weird number, and so I will round up. 9.5 out of 10. Absolutely a must play."
,Recommended,581370,30002851,Posted: 18 February,all,Synth3D,"Drizzlepath: Glass is a short walking simulator that is a narrative experience. The game is beautiful and each area resembles a handcrafted painting rendered in Unreal Engine 4. The lighting and weather effects change with the narrative and theme of the game and this creates a strong sense of atmosphere and ambience as the genre shifts from adventure to horror.The voice acting and narrative is superb and captures the perspective well as the mystery and plot unfold, it will keep you engaged and on the edge of your seat.I highly recommend Drizzlepath: Glass, it is well worth the price of admission."
76561198314581487,Recommended,581370,32536933,Posted: 18 June,all,crysis,"Of the Drizzle Path series, this is surely the most pretty, scenic walk. It is a shame it is the shortest walk, Drizzle Genie had two paths that would make Glass a longer and more enjoyable experience, love the way the light plays with the flora and camera.The part I did not like was that it was beauty masking darkness, the part inside the house of the burning village was unnecessary, a scary image of shaking mad person, I enjoyed the walk up to this point, and after. I want serenity not fear. I am sure others like it, fear is not for me.Overall, I liked the walk, the story was very minimal and route was too short, but enjoyable, old school ruins was interesting.Maybe creator could rewrite Drizzle Path Genie with the style of glass, more interesting ruins that can be explored would make a fun and interesting walk.Exploration is the key to success, I love to explore and find interesting things and places within beautiful inspiring locations like Glass and ""Everyone’s Gone to the Rapture""....Better music will help too, it's not bad music, just repetitive and boring after several minutes.Will I recommend this... Yes of course, armchair walkers and explorers must have."
76561198134352341,Recommended,581370,30349568,Posted: 5 March,all,flecka,It is a really beautiful game. Story could be better. For the price I say it worth the buy.
,Recommended,581370,30151576,Posted: 24 February,all,Fallen_Angel ☽,"In my opninion this is the best drizzlepath game so far. I love games like this, when its all about the surroundings an the atmosphere.But I would wished for the game to be longer. Graphics are amazing and the story isnt bad either. 10/10 would play again."
76561198338938233,Recommended,581370,30105484,Posted: 22 February,all,kennethwessel,"it took me 4 hours to complete, so that's kind of short. the theme was a bit...dark.  i didn't expect it to end when it did, but i liked the way it ended, as it explained a lot with few words. scenery was good but very repetitive. very little interaction with the character and the world.cons: a lot of wandering around with very few clues as to whether you are going in the right direction. not many things to discover.  my biggest con is that the game only saves at each chapter (as you accomplish an entire chapter). so with all the wandering around, it was distressing to have to repeat all that when i didn't have time to keep playing until i solved a complete chapter.so...i'm going to recommend it cause it certainly was different, but can only give it 3 stars out of 5."
76561197971237653,Recommended,581370,30226654,Posted: 27 February,all,wcf7756,"I've played both of the previous Drizzlepath games and Bottle. Drizzlepath: Glass is the best one in the series so far, but nothing has been improved upon, or changed up enough to win over people who didn't like the previous games. Don't be fooled by the open world claim on the store page. This game is linear like the previous entries in the series. The only difference is the areas have been enlarged enough that you can get lost in them now and the path isn't always clear. The narrator is understandable and does a good job narrating the story. The twist at the end was a much appreciated departure from that of the previous entries in this series. I enjoy Tonguç Bodur's games and enjoyed my time in this one. So I recommend Drizzlepath: Glass to my fellow gamers, but only if you enjoyed the previous games."
,Recommended,581370,30020093,Posted: 18 February,all,genesisw,"I've played all the drizzlepath games and watching Tonguç Bodur's skill grow with every one has been a wonderful experience.  And as I walk through it all my first thought is that all of this was done mostly by a single person.  I love that Tonguç's added some interactive elements and even animals to his worlds now.  I'll admit I kind of got lost for a little bit because I was too busy chasting a wild fox around...The plot is as the game description states, but it's a lot more than that as well.  There's surprises hidden here and there if you look and hints at something more sinister and strange as you explore.  This is probably the most intricate of Tonguç's games yet and I can't wait to see what he has in store for us next."
76561198053602644,Recommended,581370,30108560,Posted: 22 February,all,B3LLAITALIANA,"i love games like this, when  its all about the surroundings an the atmosphere but...i found myself wondering off to the edge of the map several times becuase there is no real clear path to follow, i got as far as the #rd chapter an ended up quitting because i was going in circles tryn to find where the next check point was....so maybe thats something to work on, still hopeing to finish it to find out the stories end."
,Recommended,581370,31531621,Posted: 3 May,all,Bodomi,"Drizzlepath: Glass is a semi-beautiful short walking simulator with an eerie theme.I've played the 2 other Drizzlepath games and I like this one the most, it feels like a real step-up from the other ones.The voice acting is great but sometimes felt a bit weird, it felt as if the voice actor was disconnected from the situation, from what you were experiencing in the game.Great soundtrack but quite repetitive.Graphics are nothing to write home about.Performance wise, compared to the past Drizzlepath games, it is much better but the graphics feel more or less the same.The lighting in the game is what annoyed me the most.Here's an example of the lighting in the game.Yes, it is quite beautiful...for a screenshot. Playing the game and having an extreme light source like that showed in your face makes for a bad experience, you have you kind of half-squint your eyes and look away from the extreme flares and such as showcased in that screenshot.The game also has a lot of graphical bugs, mainly graphical bugs with trees and random splashes of water from miles away.Here's an example of the tree bug.Instead of being faded out in the background with the fog over it, like everything else, the tree is black and stands out from half across a mountain.The eerie theme this Drizzlepath game has is what made me enjoy it.If it wasjust anotherDrizzlepath game I wouldn't have enjoyed it I don't think.It still kinda feels as if the developer somehow can't seem to stop making the same game over and over, but it didn't feel as bad due this game having a very different theme and actually having a story.The world you walk in does not have 1 strict path you have to follow, don't get me wrong, it is a linear walking simulator, but it gives of the illusion that it isn't as restrictive due to there not being a line from point A to point B you have to follow.The world sort of makes you naturally walk in the right direction.One thing that sort of messed up the atmosphere I was in was the animals walking/running around.Lets take the foxes in the game as an example.Every now and then you see some foxes run around, they just run around in 1 static circle and do not react to you coming close to them, unlike the birds in the game that do fly away when you come close, these foxes stay in their drug induced trans of running in a circle forever.Also the horses that run around(again, in a set path over and over)look like they have early stages of cerebral palsy.All-in-all I enjoyed it, it's different from the other Drizzlepath gamesin some respectsand I hope the developer manages to disconnect himself from making the same game over and over and trying to sell them as different things.But one must not forget, at the end of the day it is just a walking simulator where you have to follow a linear path while listening to a narrator.The game took 1 and a half hours to complete.I recommend this game for anyone who generally enjoys walking simulators, and people dislike them shouldn't waste their money on this.PS: If I come of as mean or extremely cynical, that is not what I'm trying and I apologize if I come off like that.I might just be reading a little bit too much into it.After all, I did enjoy the game."
76561198097712212,Not Recommended,581370,29987950,Posted: 17 February,all,capn-gary1,"Well... this was not quite what I expected.The scenery is generally beautiful. The music is great.The plot...My observation on the plot: Whoever wrote this needs to have their medications adjusted. They should not sniff glue, then drop a tabl of acid just before sitting down at the keyboard.Oh, and wandering around at night in a dark forest or in a dark house is about as entertaining as sitting in the doctor's office reading 3 year old Time magazines.It stressed my computer and my GPU to give me the wonderful graphics, which I ran at 2560x1440 and maxed out. (That's with an 8 core @ 4.1 GHz CPU, 32GB of main ram, and a Radeon R9-390 with 8 GB of video ram.  And it sill staggered a bit."
76561198115106289,Not Recommended,581370,31904272,Posted: 22 May,all,Yaki Senpai,"Omg this game lol. I started the game with a really positive mindset, but the beginning was just badly thought of. You have the ability to jump (spacebar), BUT DON'T USE IT! First of all, it's completely useless throughout the game and secondly, you can get stuck! I jumped accross the table in the house to wash the windows (one of the things the character asks you to do) AND I GOT STUCK T_TShe's then like ""let me go around one last time to make sure I didn't forget anythign"", or something along those lines.. I was like:Feed the cat?Close the lights?Get her purse?Call the repair man for the broken window or try to use a wooden plank to keep the insects/small animals/wind from coming in?Nope. I guess that's all unimportant, because she needs her pills T_T That part annoyed me way more than it should of.There's also a few moments of WTF in the game. Like a pyramid like tower that just disapears in the ground (eater egg?). WIth no explanation whatsoever.All in all, it's just a few hours of walking through the grass with little to no storytelling. Not fun, I just wanted to get the game over with. Would not recommend."
76561197970710613,Recommended,581370,29966697,Posted: 16 February,all,bhendryckx,"Layer upon layer of immaculate beauty. Almost like you live in an impressionist painting!As always, thx for a jump button ;-)"
76561198062085771,Recommended,581370,32043068,Posted: 29 May,all,matt19852085,I enjoyed this game and I think it is the best one out of the three.The music is good the graphics and gameplay are good and sometimes it can be creepy.
76561198295839778,Recommended,581370,30011608,Posted: 18 February,all,thomasjwood,cant play the game it just keeps wanting to install over and over. Developer should clean up his work before releasing this.
76561198022815006,Recommended,581370,31348611,Posted: 24 April,all,rtwjunkie,"Amazing!  All along, I wondered about the character, her thought, etc. I couldn't tell what her deal was.  So I listened to her and drank in the scenery.  A beautiful and serence place this world is!  Although I loved walking in it, I still had to ask, ""why is the grave two days' walk away?Though limited, the dialogue does a very effective job of pulling you along, of thinking, and learning about her and her dead husband.  It does such an effective job that when the storytelling is all finished, you are sure to say ""Amazing"" when the devs will get one over on you, very cleverly.I recommend this for a two hour relaxation tale."
,Recommended,581370,35294032,Posted: 29 September,all,KrigarNooben,"Being an walking simulator, I must say, there is no walking.The paze of the movement is way to fast to be considered a walking simulator.=The enjoyment is kinda lost as one ""stresses"" thru the parts/chapters with the to high walking paze.(shold be a toggle for a slower paze)Played many of the publishers titles and so far this is the weakest one of them all. Only not tried ""the hunting god"" or something like that.And; the path that one ""follows"" in the other Drizzlepath´s is super hard to spot if its even is there.This is yet another Walking simulator trying to be ""Dear Esther"" and that ""base"" narrative should be dropped as it is old by now...Only real good thing about this WS; is the sound assets thats been used and especially the music.Crisp and clear and easy to hear whats being said/played.All in all a decent WS but with a to high walking paze."
,Recommended,581370,31548145,Posted: 4 May,all,Deuterium the Sentient Mattress,"Wow, when did this series start getting good? I may not have liked the first Drizzlepath and Genie was good despite sharing a few of the first's flaws, but this game is the first in the series to be really great. It's an art game done so very, very right."
76561198241596864,Not Recommended,581370,35211607,Posted: 25 September,all,Lpsrocks00,"For a walking simulator, it wasreallyboring."
76561198013865579,Recommended,581370,33180986,Posted: 3 July,all,nilen435,"This is more like it. I think it was good, but I never got that into the story. That Eric guy did not sound that intresting. Also, I could not forget that she left her house not feeding her kittens. WTF! Also, taking medcin and alcohol, stealing a boat during a fire in which she did not help."
,Recommended,581370,30484106,Posted: 12 March,all,G.C.,"even the bgm are not good as BOTTLE, it is still a perfect game of the whole series"
,Not Recommended,581370,30230241,Posted: 27 February,all,^4W^7ar^4M^7achine,"She says, I cannot run in these heels....(thats the dev steam using their character to explain why you cannot run in their beauitful yet bland game)But you can walk through a foot of grass, and up down cobble stone paths, dirt, rock etc in your heels?Avoid guys, buy a #1 at mcdonalds, donate a dollar to the Ronald McDonald fund. You get to increase your waist line and help a child out."
76561198382261372,Recommended,581370,31352364,Posted: 25 April,all,"Heather,kettle,games,","even the bgm are not good as BOTTLE, it is still a perfect game of the whole series"
76561198032539839,Not Recommended,581370,32730729,Posted: 24 June,all,Dragon Tamer,boring as hell. nothing but walk around in the woods.
76561198021713302,Recommended,581370,35046081,Posted: 18 September,all,marcinszpakowski,"Great graphic, and atmospheric music.Story develops constantly to the twist at the end.Not for all as might be boring. Nice to detach from the constant fast pace and dynamic reality."
76561198369359741,Recommended,581370,35199228,Posted: 25 September,all,partisan,"Drizzlepath: Glass is the 4th Tonguc Bodur game I've played (after Drizzlepath, Drizzlepath: Genie and Bottle) and I can see the improvement, in my opinion this is his best game so far.There is more gameplay here, simple tasks and easy puzzles but this interactivity makes it really enjoyable. The graphics are nice, dreamy and realistic at the same time.The story is quite captivating with a twist.There were some interesting new elements such as the modern environment, the hallucination or the „horror house”, all nicely done.The length of the game is ideal I think, the original Drizzlepath was too short, Genie felt too long (compared to the depth of its story), but Glass took just the right amount of time for me (as did Bottle).The music is actually nice, fits the actual mood, relaxing when needed and sinister when you explore spooky areas, adds to the tension.I enjoyed the monologues of the protagonist, she was a good choice for the voice-over.And at last but not least: there were no platforming jumping puzzles, for which I am grateful, those were the only things I didn't like in the other games.So if you like story driven, pretty walking simulators that also have some dark vibes, you probably will like this one."
