user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198372261669,Recommended,582270,32425678,Posted: 14 June,all,Marshwiggle,"I shrank down to microscopic size, turned a cluster of snowflakes into galaxies, went INSIDE those galaxies, found solar systems, landed on a planet with entire ecosystems, full of rainbow lizards and weird purple succulents, shrank down to insect size, turned pebbles into flowers and other flowers into butterflies, then made those butterflies grow to the size of dogs. Again, all while inside these microscopic galaxies that used to be snowflakes.What a trip that was."
76561198035094289,Recommended,582270,31286556,Posted: 21 April,all,willowdewisp,"One thing is for sure: I've never seen anything quite like it.A wrench complained to me and said it wanted to pack its bags and leave. I was a ladybug at the time so there wasn't much I could do or say. I crawled away. Then I became a dragonfly, and was impressed by how beautiful small things are when you're flying over them. I became a foxglove and I sang and danced with other foxgloves and soon there were lots and lots of foxgloves. We were pretty. Later, I was an old church, and I moved away from the other buildings, just because I could.  I was hydrogen. I was nitrogen. I was DNA. I was a portapotty...I really like this ""game."" There's a lot to think about, and a lot to see. It's not for everyone. If you're the type that needs goals and plans and tends to look for things to ""do,"" this isn't for you, because here, you don't look for things to do. You look for things to be.It is relaxing, yes. It is thought provoking. Some of it--so you're warned--might be a little too thought-provoking, and depressing. Recommended for the philosophical, but not really recommended for the thrill-seeker. In general, anyway. Me, though, I think it's wonderful, and it's already in my ""things to keep installed"" list, because I know I'll be coming back to it often."
76561198040882512,Not Recommended,582270,33111857,Posted: 1 July,all,Act,"This may be the first time in years of writing reviews I've ever asked Steam for a refund on something I didn't like. (The only other time I asked for a Steam refund at all was after 5 minutes into a game I was so motion sick I had to go lie down -- I figured it was justified getting my money back for a game I couldn't physically play.)  I felt incredibly ripped off by the $10 I spent on this game. Angrily so.This is how it pitched itself:""Everything is a procedural, AI-driven simulation of the systems of nature, seen from the points of view of everything in the Universe. Learn to transform yourself to create worlds within worlds within worlds, or let go any time to allow Everything to take over and produce a never ending documentary about the world you live in.""None of this is true. This is not a nature sim, at all. It's not simulating anything. The various objects and creatures don't interact with each other in any meaningful way, or even at all. They don't grow or change. They don't even walk properly -- you control animals by rolling them around, literally head-over-feet tumbling everywhere. They couldn't even be bothered to program in walking. If you control a building, you just slide it around the city smashing into other things with no consequence. Nothing resembles an actual natural, interconnected system. You also can't 'create' anything. You're entirely bound to what the system generates, and you're bound further to what it generates near you; you can only jump into things within a certain distance from where you are. Nothing about this is a 'documentary' because there's nothing the AI can do but move around in predetermined patterns.There is nothing to do in this game, and I say this as someone who demonstrably loves games in which you don't really do anything. No matter what you become, the controls are identical, and you can't interact with anything else aside from jumping into it. You literally jump into something, roll around until it tells you that you can move on, jump into something else and roll around until it lets you move on, forever and ever.Every now and then you'll see a symbol randomly pop up somewhere, and once you manage to get to it, it triggers a piece of a philosophy lecture from the 60s about how the world is like, so, like, interconnected, man, totally. Whoa. This seems to be the game's justification for itself.Frankly, I felt swindled by this game, and as someone who plays ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games for others' entertainment, that this is the first time I've said this in a review isn't nothing."
76561198013723081,Recommended,582270,31369410,Posted: 25 April,all,RPG Gamer Man,"A game where you literally become everything. Well, here is my pro's and con'sPros:`Open Ended...so far i see no ending.`As title says, you can become anything in the game..anything`Specialized things to do in every body, such as making noises for that body and whatever you are in.`No storyline..as per say, but there are some things in it.`Originality of idea of game.`Interesting lecture soundbites in game (from actual lecturers about the universe and the meaning of life!)Cons:`Lag on space area in the game, not the planets, but the galaxies area, causes the game to crash (which does give you funny messeges when it does)`After awhile, the game gets old and boring doing the same thing over and over again.`After finishing tutorial, there is not much else to do in the game except for to enter everything.It is a fun idea, but unfortanetly, it gets boring quite fast. I suggest buying on a sale and to have fun with it, until you get bored. I would recommend just to listen to the interesting lecturers about the universe and such, and it is fun for awhile. Also, this idea is very original and unique. This is why i recommended this game, due to the unique factor.NOTE: If you need to find a specific gate..try letting the game play itself with autoplay."
76561198042225625,Recommended,582270,33029632,Posted: 30 June,all,ikkiyakki,"If you remember that funny screensaver & ambient noise generator called 'Mountain' (has achievements now), you already know the dev David OReilly who's vastly expanded his idea behind that one in his new creation 'Everything'. As the change in names suggests it's really much bigger, but still can perfectly (even better) serve you as a screensaver in autoplay mode.The thing is built around the famous series of lectures by Dr. Alan Watts, a well-known popularizer of Eastern philosophy in the West & a psychedelic guru - I remember some of those sayings from listening to psy-ambient tracks, where the musicians used them as samples, you know.. along with Terence McKenna's & Timothy Leary's words. I'm also totally into wholistic philosophy & esoteric psychology myself, I study yoga & use psychoactive substances - so I kinda represent 100% target audience for this.. AND I FEEL LIKE I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ALL MY GAMING LIFE, RLY! For games with more serious, deep & grown-up ideology behind them.So if you are far from these things I doubt you are gonna like the game so much, because it's a classic trip with no final destination, a dream-like endless sandbox, an interactive fractal. If you agree that 'Call of Duty' is a better game than 'Mountain' - please refrain from touching this one with your peasant hands LOL) Just kidding - do try it, as a gaming experience it most of all reminds me of Peter Molyneux's 'Black&White' without the warring hassle, or some other God-simulator, but in this one you cosplay a lost God, a God who forgot & has to recall (just like the hindu tantrics define a human soul).Technically you just hoard things in this world seeng them as aggregates, manifolds, pluralities. You meet them as different logical categories, but behaving the same way when seen on larger scale. One wolf befriends another, you get a pack of them in no time, soon it's a legion of wolves - they roll over (literally) the ecosystem (sadly there's no depiction of harm they do) obeying your will, you feel like you control the 'wolfness' itself. So it goes on different scales in parallels - the unique feature of this software is letting you drop down to microworld or go up to galaxies & observe the dynamical sameness of the totally different, inducing the ideas of enlightment studies, e.g. the koan: what the space between things does sooner - separates them or links them?The coolest ability of this scaling engine is to form a subspace of a closed looped virtual sphere of an ecosystem in any place you put it ('Mountain' had such a bubble & it was lonely) - you want to get acquainted with bugs & viruses under the wolf's paws, you're there in a couple of clicks, you look up as a bug & you see that very wolf you've been incarnating previously in strong optical blur, for he is far away in another dimention, waiting for you to return from the gutter.We play it with my non-gaming wife & she's having a blast - usual games with aims & artificial difficulties of all kind do stress her so much she can't finish any, even the most calm point'n'clicks madden her if something doesn't work out & she runs away to watch her movies, but with this brief gamified philosophy course I have a strong hope to break the tendency, firstly because you don't have to finish anything in 'Everything' )"
,Recommended,582270,33731036,Posted: 22 July,all,ゴゴゴゴ WEK ゴゴゴゴ,"Before you buy this game just realize there is no game here. If you want something to look at while listening to Alan Watts ramble about stuff, then I guess wait for a sale and pick it up."
,Recommended,582270,32301954,Posted: 9 June,all,fambro3,"I really wanted to play as a stealth bomber, and so I got to play as a stealth bomber. I really don't have anything else to say."
,Recommended,582270,31279122,Posted: 21 April,all,spartan8ter,Existential Crisis Simulator 2017
,Recommended,582270,31571700,Posted: 5 May,all,Master Neko,I started as a polarbear and then i became grass and then got bored so i warped to another part of the world and became a street lamp and had fun pararding around town talking to the traffic lights and then i became a building and ruined traffic. Then I decided to see what happened when i got smaller and some talking poop told me how to dance and I became a swarm of french fries. Then I went to the planetary level and threw the earth into the sun and then became the sun and crashed into other planets for fun. There is no point to this game but it is super chill and I recommend it if you like just messing around with worlds and seeing what there is to see.10/10 would learn how to dance from♥♥♥♥♥♥again
76561198157408297,Not Recommended,582270,31728538,Posted: 13 May,all,Vlad The Inhaler,"The Alan Watts narrative is interesting, but unfortunately this is more of an interactive lecture than a video game. Yes, you can be a car/boat/planet/galaxy/universe/bacterium/grain of pollen/grain of sand. But there doesn't seem to be any connection between ANY of these items.If you zoom out, collide two galaxies together, and then zoom back in to a planet or sun, there will be no difference. I have literally parked an ice planet on the surface of the sun, only to it STILL BE AN ICE PLANET when I zoom back in. The concept is cool but the interactions between entities is so poorly done that it just seems lazy. I was going into this expecting a universe simulator + spore. I got neither.This is a tech demo/lecture, not a game."
,Recommended,582270,32166371,Posted: 3 June,all,bugle boat,"Before i bought this game, i thought it was just your average open world games that would just seem like a fun cash in, but after playing, i realised what the game really is.This is not really a video game you play to experience action, wallpaper shots, or even characters at all, but this game indulges in a philisophical spectacle i recommend for most casual game fans.9/10"
,Recommended,582270,31370111,Posted: 25 April,all,Blooey,"The Perfect Podcast/Music-Listening GameI may be in the minority of Steam users, but I often find myself yearning for games that aren't mentally taxing. After a long day of work or school, the last thing I want to do is to test my reflexes, learn complicated combos, or tackle a steep learning curve.Everything isperfectfor this. There are no objectives (aside from cataloguing every known object in the universe, which is completely optional), no missions, and most importantly, no limitations. You can explore every nook and cranny of these interesting procedurally-generated worlds right from the get-go. Once you learn how to ""ascend"" and ""descend"" into different biomes via a 5-minute tutorial,the worldthe entire universe is your oyster, and you can freely explore the unlimited vistas at your own leisure. The level of interaction you have with the lifeforms is limited, but that's to be expected with a game world as staggeringly huge as this. I think mainly what the game developers intended is to make the player appreciate the sheer variety and inconceivable vastness of (literally) everything that comprises our known universe, right down to the individual molecules and atoms.When your only ""job"" as the player is to eagerly venture towards the next horizon in search of cool new sights and locations, you're free to just take in all of the visuals while you enjoy whatever music album or podcast you want in the background. I know it may not sound like a selling point for some of you, but I'm serious when I say that a game like this is hard to come by; a game that strikes the perfect balance withjuuuuuuustthe right amount of interactivity to keep your brain occupied while you focus on the music/podcast.I think players who want this type of game don't need to look any further. It's interesting enough to keep you engaged, but you can also dis-engage and just zone out when you want to.ANDthe game literally has an ""auto-play"" feature for just that. Yes, the game will literally play itself, which sounds like sacrilege to a hardcore gamer, but absolutely perfect for someone like me who's interested in zoning out and tuning into non-interactive mediums while I play a game with very light interaction."
76561198078304977,Recommended,582270,31279314,Posted: 21 April,all,Jerome,"How could everything fit within 1592MB? (1.2GB total download)I'm surprised to experience the diversity of things you can ascend or descend into. From plants to animals, and then to bigger things like continents, celestial bodies, and even galaxies, and then down to molecules and atoms. The game is mostly about exploration, gathering thoughts(listening to Alan Watts), and connecting with everything(completing the game's list).The controller support feature is good, you can switch between M/KB and controller anytime. The controls are easy to learn and it was comfortable navigating through things. The featured steam achievements give a rough idea about in-game milestones and completion progress. The game also features 11 trading cards.As for the narration, I thought it was something close to what Talos Principle or Stanley Parable had. It was different because you are to collect them as you navigate, I thought these were on autoplay as you come in close to things. The audio clips were pretty uncommon, I thought I'd be accompanied by a voice throughout the game but that is not the case. The thoughts within them are worth pondering/thinking/meditating about.The game is good for its price and as a bonus they have even released some coupons (my guess is that it is for owning Mountain) which gives 20% more discount on top of the 20% off release price. Anyone who enjoyed Mountain would be interested in this game. I would recommend this to anyone who likes exploring and collecting things. Also good for anyone pondering about existence."
,Recommended,582270,32214842,Posted: 5 June,all,AlexWrench,"A theory of the interconnectivity of the universe in a box. Everything initially seems kind of stupid: the little Scribblenautsy world is full of objects that the player can become - as tiny as a speck of dust all the way up to stars and galaxies - but it can feel kind of samey when any given thing can't do anything special in a cosmic sense. But over a long period of play (which isn't hard to do when the game can literally play itself while you watch), the accumulated effects of your actions begin to make the tiny universe feel familiar, cozy, and lived in, meanwhile, the goofy graphics and stripped down mechanics belies a profound humor that fits the game perfectly.It's nice having a world all to myself. Maybe you wouldn't like to call this a game, but it's one hell of a toy."
,Recommended,582270,31298049,Posted: 22 April,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"This is on my candidate shortlist forIndie GOTY 2017. See my profile page for the current lineup.---Games likeEverythingare what I am here for; these are the kinds of games that keep me coming back and hopeful for the future of indie gaming.Everythingis a masterpiece in every sense of the word. I assure you - you have not played anything like this before.Don't watch anything, and don't peruse the forums for fear of spoiling it. Just jump in. You thoughtMountainwas a joke? Not this. This takes that general idea and gives itpurposeand philosophical underpinnings.Pros:+Beyond fresh+Narration by Alan Watts is brilliant and fitting+Everything is beautiful+'Aha!' moments galore+Tons of replayability and collection+The auto mode is fantastic+Music is outstandingCons:-It shouldn't be called 'dirt' - it's soil; dirt is something you get under your finger nails while soil arguably sustains all lifeIf you love indie games, you need to play this."
76561197971870726,Recommended,582270,31277802,Posted: 21 April,all,Loki Incarnate(formally android),"I was a star, I became a Camel, followed by becoming an armadillo, got lectured by Alan watts became a pebble, a grain of sand, got lectured by Alan watt's on how meaningless my existence is, Now, I am nothing...10/10 would have an existential crisis again.Review:This is not a game, this is an experience about changing form, transforming and questioning the meaning of everything which takes form around us and going somewhere deeper, getting answers we never asked for, Yet leaving with answers we have found for ourselves about everything and perhaps maybe a new perspective on things.The graphics do their Job and get the point of the experience across, no issues with it at least for me so far.When forming large groups of objects or animals, sometimes I cannot press X to read the thought bubbles because everything becomes so clustered up.The Music immersed me in the experience and was relaxing, and the Alan watts recordings were a nice touch and pretty much on point regarding what this experience is about, what the dev is trying to get across to the user.If you like games like Abzu, pixel junk eden, Mountain. This game might be just for you., or if you enjoy trippy experiences.This game is a lot more fun to play than it is to watch though, it is just the sort of experience that this is.A game play film made by the Dev, which might help you decide if this experience is for you or not.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdJk8ROpuEo"
76561198042378869,Recommended,582270,31493171,Posted: 1 May,all,15Cyndaquil,"I've spent many hours in this ""game"", and have personally been enjoying beyond what my words can describe. While I have been enjoying it I would not call this a game nor would I recommend this to everyone.Everything is forced into the category of video-game by the fact that we interact with it through the same means that we interact with Call of Duty or Mario, but by no means to me felt like a game when compared to those titles. Everything is what I lack for a better word ""game"" that shows us Alan Watts philosophy on our existence. It tries this through everything available to it from game mechanics to music to the audio of Alan Watts lectures on his philosophy. Due to this not everyone will accept Everything nor will everyone like and enjoy it.My main complaint so far is that it doesn't have support to let it play in the background while you do other stuff on the computer it is running on.I feel if you're open minded and you're open for discussion on world views then you may like this game.If you're looking for something action, puzzle, or strategy oriented this game will most likely not fulfill that."
,Recommended,582270,31339160,Posted: 24 April,all,TemplarGFX,"Beautiful, brilliant and thought provoking.  An amazingly unique world building game!This is the sort of game you should find out about by playing it, but being narrated by Alan Watts you know its going to be laid back, and a do-what-you-want attitude when it comes to playstyle.Its not for everyone, there is no action or violence and everything is represented in a fairly simple fashion, but thats how such variation is achieved and they have worked it really well into a unique reality to explore.You can take control of any object not part of the landscape and explore the world as that object, be it an Arctic Wolf, or a clump of Grass.  You can find and group life objects/creatures and perform dances, which are rythmic shifting patterns the group performs. Through these dances you produce new objects/creatures that join the ever growing group.At any time you can choose to inhabit something smaller, or larger nearby and control it instead.If you get small enough, or large enough you can 'ascend' or 'descend' into a different scale of reality. There are a suprising amount of scales, and each has many variations and unique objects to control.As you are doing all of this, objects around you, and even you yourself will have thoughts, these are funny, strange, insightful, cryptic and dark. Some objects will also allow you to listen to clips of Alan Watts on subjects about mind, self, reality, conciousness, morality, choice, and God.There is no Goal to Everything, other than to do whatever you want to do in it. Be a Cockroach in a city, a Dolphin in the ocean or a cloud in the sky. Create different types of planets and then become the sun to watch your solar system form, then jump down onto a planet and see whats there, or leave the galaxy entirely and see what else is out there.One highly unique aspect of Everything is that it has an 'autopilot' feature, where the game plays itself. Once the Tutorial is complete you can customise the autopilot so it does as little or as much as you like.  Leave the controller/mouse alone for a second or two and the object you are will begin to do things on its own.*SORT OF SPOILER ALERT*In Everything you play as experience itself, and that experience shapes the reality around it.  Reality will mimick what you do, and worlds will form according to the choices and objects you interact with.Say you become a Birch Tree and grow it so its super sized, then spawn as many as the game will allow and move around spreading them out to your liking, if you switch now to say a Wolf down on the ground, your world will now be full of vast forests of GIANT Brich Tree's.  Create a pack of Wolves the size you like and and explore for a bit, then switch down to a Sun Flower. Wolves are now roaming your world in packs about the size you were exploring in. You can do this to everythign that inhabits the world, and using the scaling functions and dance patterns, you can create some incredibly beautiful scenes.The best part is that as you go though several stages from Macro to Micro scale your effects are visible in the distance!If you 'descend' or 'ascend' too far you will enter the abstract dimenions of 1D, 2D and 3D objects. Once you enter this dimension space-time is no longer relevant, so when you come back into normal reality, you will not be what you were before, or even where you were before.  If you want to stay where you are, don't go to deep!This strange sub-reality is just as customisable as the rest, and you can find some unique stuff.  Dances are especially beautiful on this scale!This is how you build your worlds in Everything, each scale can be adjusted and tweaked as little or much as you like for every object in it.  I love it, especially with all the thoughts and Alan Watts!"
,Recommended,582270,31367481,Posted: 25 April,all,the worst joke,TrippyI recommend smoking weed before playing
,Recommended,582270,34339560,Posted: 18 August,all,tacoman116,"Overall, I wouldn't really call this a game, but rather an experience if anything. There isn't really much of an objective, or any clear goal in sight. This game is deep. Lots of shower thoughts, meta and other wise ""deep"" dialog. Simple questions you can answer without thinking, but you can't. Very relaxing.-Evan"
76561198079335824,Recommended,582270,31288342,Posted: 21 April,all,Zowieanna Zanthia,"EVERYTHINGThis game is Wonderful & very unique, im really surprised how incredible & simple it is to play to be honest. The game will teach you how to play, so just enjoy it as you go. The game plays using an Xbox controller, I cant see if keyboard & mouse work, seems its only played with a controller at this point in time. There is a ""Help"" in the start up menu which you can check out, it give's you plenty help tips & guidance once you have unlocked them, so if struggling you can go there for help. There is also a male narrator that will play voiced lectures as you approach the circle icons on things an activate them OR you can skip them, as you play you will easily figure that all out. The game is also a part from being fun, very educational, with an index for all the Things you become, which gives short explanations about that animal or thing you became & discovered you can discover EVERYTHING I'm sure, this may take me a life time to find EVERYTHING.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=910441180http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=910440370http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=910526178I can see a lot of love, dedication & hard work has gone into this game & its well worth the price in my opinion, I recomend EVERYTHING to anyone who dares to discover, explore & just have relaxing fun, while doing so. So far Im really enjoying EVERYTHING ♥ ."
,Recommended,582270,34822478,Posted: 8 September,all,Ocean Man,"I played this game for 30 minutes and so far I led a gang of pessimistic matchsticks, had children with a trash can and tried to crash a whole planet into the sun.The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma.10/10   I have no idea what I'm doing. Send help."
,Not Recommended,582270,32091480,Posted: 31 May,all,Alexinbox,"The game is interesting, however I believe you need to be in a certain mood to not only play, but enjoy this game. It isn't a game to have fun in, it's more of a philosophical adventure."
,Recommended,582270,31493729,Posted: 1 May,all,Spamwriter,"In about half an hour I went from being a moose stumbling awkwardly through a huge incomprehensible world to becoming a singing galaxy that burst into flames. All while listening to Alan Watts - whoever the hell it is - explaining to me how things aren't really a thing and we're all one with the universe.11/10, have never felt so understood."
,Recommended,582270,31665037,Posted: 10 May,all,Jumpideus,"This game and its narrator (Alan Watts) started a whole line of new thinking for me. When people say games are art, they should point to this. Instead of merely telling you or even showing you the inter-connectedness of the universe, the game lets you experience it. It is honestly breathtaking how large the scope is with this game, for such a relatively low budget. And also, it's just a lot of fun and the sense of humour is pitch-perfect. Kudos to the creators for bringing Alan Watt's philosophy to the masses, hopefully people will start taking notice of his ideas."
,Recommended,582270,34469764,Posted: 24 August,all,Pepsiman,"One of the most relaxing games I've played. Exactly the right length for this kind of game. 3 hours of wandering through the world possessing and collecting creatures, objects and other stuff. While listening to some lecturer talking about individuality and the world and stuff. It's a very special game or ""experience"" if you're looking for something beautiful."
,Recommended,582270,33726294,Posted: 22 July,all,Sparrowhawk,"I had to mull this one over. This is something that'll be called a ""walking simulator"" or a game with no point. And people who say that, even if derisively, have a point. This isn't really a traditional game, as is hopefully apparent from the videos and screenshots. However, it is definitely an interactive experience. The game requires you to advance itself along. There is, loosely speaking, a ""story"" of sorts--mainly in the form of exerpts from talks by some British guy (I haven't googled who he is) talking about really interesting philosophical ideas about humans, the Universe, our role in it. It's fairly deep stuff but not too hard to follow and it fits the vibe of the game perfectly. The extent to which you can become big and small and inhabit different things is very unique and innovative. It's relaxing as hell to play and really interesting for $15, especially if you see it on sale for less."
,Not Recommended,582270,31331262,Posted: 23 April,all,X,"It isn't quite a simulator, and not quite a game (there are collection-type goals, it feels very grindy).It's true what others said about it being unique, but if it's only pure curiousity that's pushing you to get the game, I'd suggest watching a few lp's first.One main thing I'd say I don't like is the theology that feels like it's being pushed on me as I play, the clips of discussion about certain topics that are very personal to each human being. I understand the idea of the game and why it's there, what it adds to the atmosphere, etc - however I wasn't enjoying it.On the plus side, the game has well done low-poly graphics, easy controls and an immersive feel.5/10 - Not quite a simulator, not quite a game. Too much theology."
,Recommended,582270,31291646,Posted: 22 April,all,supercrazy,"Everything is like Katamari Damacy with psychological horror.It is a game that steers critical reading of itself. It leads the player like in a dance.A game of this depth is a risky undertaking, but succeeding, it brings relief to the pain of an unsolved mystery that is everything. This game is about the dead ends where logic, ethics and language seem to lead us. Where to go from there?In Everything the player takes on the experience of a thing, from animals to plants to protozoa to a landmass to a Higgs Boson. The player only spends a moment interacting with each individual thing, letting them then be washed away into the fabric of the Universe, blurring the lines that separate these things and questioning whether they even exist. By adopting perspectives, they are given names and at least some sort of order, but the order will be broken later on.The player is made aware of being a prisoner of the vicious circle of solipsism. Everything is just polygons, names and text. But the game is also self-aware of its notions as an interpreter of a sort of a pseudo-problem. Yes, we are prisoners of our world, but there is meaningful life beyond language. This game is not just about doubt and snarky illusions, and even though Everything doesn’t solve or remove the problem, it has something nice to say about it. By sharing reality with others, adopting new perspectives and by filling life with exploration and engagement, my life becomes meaningful to others. And the void disappears.Everything is an antidote to loneliness, no matter how small. I love this game."
76561198017787165,Recommended,582270,33038148,Posted: 30 June,all,pfjarschel,"Well, that was.... Interesting.TL;DR: Trippy philosophical exploration/sandbox, an amazing experience, but not without issues, and can get boring after a few hours. DEFINITELY recommend it, especially on sale.The is about... Well, I can't say. You start as a random ""thing"" (probably an animal). You are free to walk around the world, seeing a lot of other ""things"", than can be other animals, plants, rocks, etc. These other things sometimes have thoughts, and in the beggining (which is actually the tutorial), you have to find these thoughts and listen to them. Sometimes there will be a thought with a different icon, that will teach you a new command. After you learned them all, you are invited to go to a special place that would be the ""end game"", but of course, you can keep going from there. During your exploration, you can BE ANYTHING. Saw another animal and want to control it? You can. Want to be a plant? Sure! Or maybe an inanimated rock? Why not? Really, ANYTHING. And when you are something of the ""right size"", you can change the scale of your world, which can range from microscopic to intergalactic.The pros:- Amazing philosophical experience;- Thoughts that are interesting to read and makes you think, sometimes even funny;- Beautiful, pleasant graphics, even if they are very simple;- Really good soundtrack;- Literally infinite;- You can create non-sense and funny situatuons, like a space pizza;- So far, no bugs encountered.The cons:- No way of skipping tutorial;- No way to use certain commands/abilities before unlocking them in the tutorial;Neutral point, personal complaint:When you find an audio thought, YOU CAN'T SKIP IT. That guy keeps on talking, sometimes when there are stuff going on around you, or the tutorial wants to tell you something, and that kind of makes it hard to focus on the game. But maybe that is just me, I get REALLY distracted with people talking, I always prefer to read.So... Shoud you get it? Of course! As of now, it's on sale, and even if you thing you'll get bored fast, there is AT LEAST a few hours of enjoyment that more than makes up to it!"
,Recommended,582270,31294024,Posted: 22 April,all,Jinx Quinzel,"I became a lion, a rock told me I have a stupid name, I danced with penguins to make more penguins, I transformed into many different things, then i traveled the galaxies, then i descended into madness but afterwards finished the tutorial.10/10"
,Recommended,582270,33741153,Posted: 23 July,all,Astronac,"Underrated,one day, they will understand,until then, its a timeless epic peice of work.The exact philosophy I live by & believe in, sincerity of nature.Alan Watts <3 ∞"
76561198061409263,Recommended,582270,31695769,Posted: 11 May,all,Luminous,"Became a car and started a pack with the rest of the city vehicles, made some baby cars and drove around owning the streets. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,582270,33769405,Posted: 24 July,all,dagnart,"There's just nothing here.  It's like the surface of a game without anything underneath.  Yeah, you can move about in different things, but everything is exactly the same.  Nothing interacts with anything in even the smallest way.  Animals wander randomly, plants never grow, solar systems make no sense, and the universal layer is simulanously way too crowded and full of nothing.  There are, like, ten types of universal-scale structures, all pretty much the same size.  Conversely, the ""abstract"" layer is super disorienting to navigate, distorting as you move and seeming to have arbitrary distance and frame of reference.  To top it off, the controls are really awkward.  I frequently accidentally jumped to another layer or couldn't jump into something that was right in front of me.  I actually liked the lectures, but they're little snippets several minutes of aimless wandering through bland landscapes apart.  Somehow this ""game"" manages to make an audio recording of a lecture more boring and frustrating.  The lecture isn't that amazing, either.  It's just basic Buddhist/Taoist metaphysics couched in western terminology with some clever wordplay.I can see what the developers were going for here.  I really wanted it to be that.  It feels like they stopped halfway there, though.  They made all the art assets, wrote the code to make them move around, created a space for them to exist in, and then just kinda stopped.  Ironically, for a game about the interconnectedness of all things none of the elements of the world are related in any way.  The lectures talk to you about bits of matter and energy becoming other bits of matter and energy, but nothing in the game ever becomes anything else.  Everything is discrete and completely independent."
,Not Recommended,582270,32872500,Posted: 27 June,all,Cheshyr,"After playing the game, I cannot recommend this title. It seems like little more than a chaotic random-number generator with bizarre animations and a zoom gimmick. Thankfully, Steam allowed me to return it despite purchasing more than two weeks ago."
,Recommended,582270,33748838,Posted: 23 July,all,apocratha,"This isn't a game, as much as a freeform and slightly guided experience.I play lots of action/adventure/strategy games and went on a limb and bought this one to check it out.In my real life, I collect books and enjoy thinking about life, philosophy, and science.Buying this had bridged a gap never before bridged in my 20+ years of gaming. This is an experience that is entirely relevant and helpful for my real, actual life.If you like to think about life and our purpose here (or if you like relaxing from thinking about all of that) than I would seriously check this out.I hope this helps! 10/10 for me here."
,Recommended,582270,33931073,Posted: 31 July,all,Mr. Jackpots!,"This isn't a game. It's an experience. A meditative journey into everything. It's meant to make you think deeply about you. What are you? What is you? What is I? Remember that time someone made you mad? What was that anger? Are you the only one to have experienced it? What is important in life? These are all thoughts that might pop up into your head, or into your own game and things that will make you think about yourself. So many problems we have today, in this super fast, corporate lifestyle. But this game, makes you ponder about all of it. We are one little blip, tinier than the smallest grain of sand, in an infinite cosmos of everything. Don't play this game because you want cutting edge gameplay. Play it because you want to grow, to learn, to see things from a different perspective. Play it because you deserve it. Depressed? Play this. Angry? Play this. Raging at a game because you cant' do ""good""? Play this."
,Recommended,582270,31351048,Posted: 24 April,all,Witch Hunter,"Like to relax? Love games with arduous-yet-possible 100% completion? Do you or any of your friends have existential fits when they smoke weed or drop a tab of acid? Do you know who Carl Sagan is? Got some time to kill? Do you use video games as an outlet to keep pervading thoughts of existence at bay, only to find yourself questioning philosophy even during something so mind-numbingly trivial?If you said yes to any of those, you should still probably lay off the drugs; they're not a good outlet for your stress. But also, you should check this game out.Simple and silly if you want it to be. Deep and thought-provoking if you so choose. A good distraction.Only issue I've found is when scaling from a larger to smaller object, you need to scale back to a larger object half the time before you can check out more of the smaller things (for example, a House, and then all the smaller props laying around the house). Makes 100%'ing rather tedious. If that's not your perogative, you'll enjoy it thoroughly."
,Recommended,582270,31612197,Posted: 7 May,all,Kristofferson,"This certainly isn't the game for Everyone. I'm pretty sure more people will hate it (or get bored quickly) than like it, but that's ok. Those people have their games, and Everything really worked for me.It's a surreal sort of game with amazing depth. The amount of different types of things the game has modeled and accounted for is staggering - I've spent much of my game time thinking, ""Wow, that's in here, too? (It really does have Everything)"".There isn't much to *do* in the game, and that's going to rub people the wrong way. This isn't a game about gameplay, it's more about exploration (and even that runs out after a while) and peaceful contemplation. The lectures by Alan Watts constantly pulled me forward in the game - little snippets of reward for pushing far enough and exploring enough. This is a great midnight game when the lights are out and the house is asleep and you just want to peacefully drift through and think about things."
,Recommended,582270,34805164,Posted: 7 September,all,potato namrog84,"An exceptional game.  The animal movement is slightly offputting for just a few moments,  then everything (no pun intended) just falls into place,  and you appreciate that there is a little silliness here and there.  Look past it, and find a truly enjoyable simulation, game, art piece, or perhaps best put as ""An experience"".If you are not a fan of philosophy or deep thought, perhaps this might not be your game.Perhaps if you tend to be are overly critical of some things, this might not be your game.Don't take things too seriously though, and just enjoy the rideA+ highly recommend."
,Recommended,582270,31289861,Posted: 21 April,all,t850terminator,Barely an hour in and now I'm already questioning if I'm real or not.
,Recommended,582270,31386050,Posted: 26 April,all,♡Madison,"Wow, I have no words.At first I thought this was a joke game with how the animals would move and how cute/dumb they look but I was proved wrong. If you don't like walking simulators, DO NOT BUY THIS, as to 'progress' you literally just walk around and have fun.Also, if you're getting into this game, go in totally blind, it's what I did and wow it made the experience a lot better. It's also very calming with it's audio clips to find and the ambient music. Plus if you just want to watch the world happen, just let go of the controls and watch.Definetly reccomend if you need a game to help you calm down or just learn new stuff about the Universe.SPOILERS BELOW(basically about how to progress though)To progress in this game, find thought bubbles from other living things or audio clips. There's also the games icon which gives you new controls to use or information."
,Not Recommended,582270,31310088,Posted: 22 April,all,Cory in the House,"Everything is a philosophical game about Alan Watts' philosophy. But calling it a ""game"" is a bit tough. It has mechanics, and it has a sort of goal that it eventually gives you, but it's just... Not very good at being a game.The game is most effective when you're actually listening to Alan Watts speak but unfortunately that's a minority of the time. Most of the time, if you're anything like me, you're probably just rolling around looking for something to fill out your codex and hopefully progress. I think there's a strong possibility I just don't get it, but honestly, you should just listen to Alan Watts' lectures on youtube and save yourself $12 (the release sale price).Obviously, if just rolling around sounds fun to you, and it may be, you should maybe give the game a shot. But personally it was very boring."
76561198272651985,Not Recommended,582270,31288416,Posted: 21 April,all,Akliph,"I loved the beginning of the game. Absolutley LOVED it. It's philosophical values really impacted me. But after the game got across the point of what it was trying to do-Show how everything is connected and how an atom is an entire universe. that kind of thing.-it got really, really boring. Basically once you've explored all of the depths of reality the only thing left to do it jump from thing to thing and ""signing"" which is really just mashing the spacebar. The only thing different about the different things you could become is how it looks, and the sound it makes when you press space. Now if finding new things to become is your cup of tea, then don't listen to me... I personaly just thought the game was really boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,582270,31572946,Posted: 5 May,all,Teacher.William,"I purchased this game simply to reward the people who made it, kinda like a ""yay, go you!"" I was so impressed that they used the lectures of Alan Watts (the roguish philosopher who jump-started my own enlightenment process) in a way that will allow many more generations to benefit from his spiritual musings. I didn't even dare to think I could play it, not having a Windows box. But then this morning I got an early Christmas present: they have ported it to Linux.It runs in a full-screen mode, but still reacts to hot corners as if in windowed mode (somewhat similar to Mountain).In spite of this, you made me a very happy camper, thanks guys!"
,Recommended,582270,31279206,Posted: 21 April,all,Foo Foo Cuddlypoops,I spent 20 minutes breeding Cumulonimbus clouds. 10/10
,Recommended,582270,31361866,Posted: 25 April,all,miagolano,"I've only played this game for a couple of hours and I am completely smitten. It's relaxing, beautiful, fun, quirky, and very thought-provoking. Recommend playing with lights out and headphones on. I read a lot of Alan Watts' work years ago so hearing him speak just makes this experience so much more amazing. This is a game that's not a game. It's about exploring yourself and your own mind, so that takes patience and letting go of any need to ""complete"" something."
76561198102429560,Recommended,582270,31477215,Posted: 30 April,all,Bones,"Probably one of the most original games I have played in a long time! I just keep getting sucked in for hours on end.""I'm a unicorn, I'm the west nile virus, now i'm the higgs boson.""WTFAMAZING"
,Recommended,582270,31346499,Posted: 24 April,all,Dragon X,"DO NOT watch someone play thisThis is not a game. This is an experience, and this is not something I say often. I dont know how other people took it but for me, it was mesmerizing, the music combined with the commentary combined with the overall feel of it just did something to me. This is one of 2 games that out of all I've ever played that actually made me feel something, when I unlocked the final ability. I physically stopped and sat there, listening to the background music for a good 5 minutes. It's a beautiful game. Buy it.Experience it"
,Recommended,582270,33692426,Posted: 21 July,all,programaths,"Seems some people do not understand the purpose of the ""game"": point of view and exploration. That's it!If you don't enjoy fiddling around, looking around, uncovering, discovering, exploring...well, you will not be able to enjoy this application!It's only about moving, up scaling, down scaling. Seeing the universe at different scales.You being as a wolf, can become a rock, an alga and mostly anything you see given enough time.Find that pond very small when you were a wolf ? Why not become dirt ? Or a particle ?What is the difference between that particle in a pond and a planet in the huge universe ?How do you perceive ""sea"" when you are a fish or a landmass ?Remember the pond you visited while being a particle ?The scale. The perspective. Quite important to keep in mind."
,Recommended,582270,31360068,Posted: 25 April,all,skrrt bop bop,"Everything is not a game. Everything is an experience.There's no point to it.There's no right way to play. There's no wrong way, either.There are no tasks, except to become every Thing in the entire universe and explore how it interacts with other Things.This is entirely the point of Everything.You can take control of anything and everything, from a grain of sand to the entire universe that grain of sand happens to reside in. You interact with the Things around you and explore their thoughts and outlooks while taking in the world around you from a perspective that is different to the one we're used to.You can be a floating penguin in space.You can be a Sun in the middle of a frozen lake in an ice continent.You can go down to a molecular level and then become a tiny little lighthouse.All large animals move via forward roll.It's hilarious.This is the most stress-relieving and calming experience that I've come across on Steam. The beautiful atmospheric music, the simplistic art and pointless nature of this game make it an absolute joy to play. There's so little to say about it, but it's a genuine masterpiece."
,Recommended,582270,31286913,Posted: 21 April,all,DoktorUnsinn,A game where you can turn a cluster of galaxies into a herd of walruses hurtling through space while making angry walrus noises. 10/10
,Recommended,582270,34089486,Posted: 7 August,all,Wonozobe,"Hours Played As of Review:56Summary:Ambient game with some artistic experimentation and philosophical questions.Would recommend if on sale for $10 or less if the game type suits your tastes.Sound:The soundtrack was very ambient and relaxing. I enjoyed it enough to buy the OST, but I will say it's mostly ambient-like music. It made it a very chill game to play if I just wanted to kick back and not think too much. Most of the object sounds were accurate as well, and it was funny to have a large group of objects all scream at you when you clicked on the call button.Game Play:There’s not much to this game, but that’s not necessarily a bad thing. You walk around as any of the objects you can find in the game, group more objects to you, release them from your group, shrink or grow in size, go to different levels of magnification, and generally explore the areas you travel through. There’s even an auto play mode, which is fairly detailed, if you wanted to just listen to the music or the sound clips and watch the game move itself around. One could consider this game a sort of collect-a-thon as well due to how many items are in the game and how hard it is to find some of them. Each item has a description, but a large majority are straight from Wikipedia itself, so take that for what you will. You can also listen to the thoughts of objects you run into which feels like a little creative experiment. The thoughts range from simplistic to vague/complex depending on what magnification you’re in. You can even mix and match thoughts from different objects in different magnifications to see what pops out when your own object thinks. It’s almost like a mad lib philosophy creator. While they do rarely make sense, I’ve had a couple that I enjoy such as “How incredible it is because you can.” And “You’re doing. Move you. Movement.”Story:While there’s technically not a “story” in the traditional sense, listening to all of the sound clips of Alan Watts is comparable to what a story could be. Alongside the game play, it’s almost like you’re getting a chance to play and visualize the whole philosophical concept being presented by Watts through each clip. Personally, I think that even if you’re not into philosophy that much (which would be a shame), the ideas put forward by Watts are thought provoking enough to consider listening to, especially with the visual aid that makes it easier to understand his points.Graphics:While not the main point of the game, they’re not necessarily bad. The backdrops are certainly good-looking enough to look at and take funny pictures with other items. But it’s also clearly stylized when you see the goggle-eyes on any object that has eyes. Comically, if you happen to have a great computer that can handle a lot of memory and high-quality graphics, that could actually be a hindrance in getting a specific achievement later on in the game. The visuals are definitely not grand or a talking point by any means, but they’re not distractingly poor either.Replay Value:Unfortunately, this is where the game suffers a fair amount. I’ve personally started a new game plus, just to see if there’s anything new or interesting, but it’s just a “harder” version of the main game (object names don't show up and it's harder to detect which ones you've been), with nothing new added at all. For the sake of it, I’ll probably complete the new game plus I started, but I doubt anything will come of it besides a sarcastic congratulations for collecting all the items. And if you’renotinterested in finding all the items, that’s even less play value in general, as you can easily finish the “main game” before finding all the items. You could play the game to relax or chill if you so choose, as that is what the game seems to be about, but I wouldn't call that replayability. Finally, if you’re interested in taking fun photos in-game, you might find yourself playing a little longer than most, but that’s all I could see getting out of this game.My Opinion:While I can appreciate the artistic value this game brings to the table, I do feel like it could be a lot better. As people might have mentioned once or twice, this game could seriously benefit from Steam Workshop, and while the creator mentioned he was looking into it, there hasn't been word since late June about how that's progressing. I will rewrite the review, however, if it ever is released. On the matter of the animals rolling instead of walking, it’s an interesting take on simplicity in my opinion, but I can see why some people might find it annoying. Personally I thought it was silly, but that’s a very subjective thing to review. I bought this game on sale for $10 and I believe it would be worth that if you're interested in philosophical ideas and a visual representation of those ideas, or if you like collecting things. It would also be worth it if you were just looking to make silly pictures or relax with a game that's mindless and ambient. Otherwise, if you're looking for a game with challenge and story-driven game play and action, or even strategy or puzzle elements, this wouldn't be for you."
,Recommended,582270,31896126,Posted: 21 May,all,SpazmanianDevil,"I orignally saw this game being played by Video Game Dunkey. His commentary and gameplay seemed to peg this game as a silly explorative game that seemed to parody other explorative games.I was wrong.This game is surprising deep. While it does have some hilarity (like how some animals move for example) it's primary focus is a philosophical exploration on... well everything. And nothing. And how that's still everything. And nothing. And the circle keeps going and going and going as Alan Watts (who I had to Google to figure out who he was) narrates through findable sound clips.The gameplay is also circular. You start as something and can ascend or descend into something else until you've discovered everything. The turtorial helps you unlock other things you can do like grow big or small, create flocks, transform into things you've already discovered, add and subtract, or dance to make babies.The one thing I had a love hate relationship was the Autoplay. I'd get up to go to the bathroom as a frog and I'd come back to find myself as a damn planet. Little did I know that autoplay progresses you through the plots of the tutorial so it did it to get me closer to my ultimate goal. Once I understood this, I was more ok with it and even let it help me get out of the Golden Gate, as I was at a loss for what to do. After the tutorial was completel, I found that autoplay didn't seem to progress you to anything anymore which I found disappointing as I was hoping it'd give some direction when it came to finding everything possible in the game.Beat the game in 5. Completed it in 10. It's a relaxing and fun gaming experience that I whole heartedly recommed."
,Recommended,582270,31450923,Posted: 29 April,all,fedorpig,"This game is great for something causal, peaceful, and thoughtful. Plus this guy helped make the animations for ""The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"", if you're into that."
76561198098670545,Recommended,582270,31675207,Posted: 10 May,all,dl_campbell,... Absolutely stunning!I am part of everything and everything is part of me.From dark matter to galaxy to planet to animal to plant to bacteria to atom to light itself.Everything
,Recommended,582270,34948668,Posted: 14 September,all,Majokko Mv-chan,life changing
,Recommended,582270,33216777,Posted: 3 July,all,SummerTank,"Everything is not a game. It is more like an educational software with some art flair added to it, or a huge sandbox where you unlock more things as you go along. It can also be a deep, philosophical trip through space and time if you let it.It can be all of these things or none of them, as the amount of enjoyment you get from Everything depends entirely on you.It's from the devs of Mountain (I'm not sure if it's devs or dev, either way a very small team), which was already a very passive and surreal experience.Now, what do you DO in Everything? Well, you move around the universe, basically. You can enter and control...everthing.From basic stuff like animals and everyday objects to tiny bacteria, atoms, planets and even abstract concepts like shapes.Obviously, to do that you need to zoom in and out or it would be too crowded. For example, if you zoom in on a solar system you will see and control the various planets and space objects, and if you zoom in on a planet you will see and control the land masses and what's inside the oceans and so on until you reach the atomic level.You can also interact and group with the various entities in the world, dancing with them, seeing what they think, singing and even unlocking audio segments of lectures on biology, life and philosophy.You do not need to be high on LSD to enjoy this experience: you are guided through the universe, and as you discover more beings (with a matching Wikipedia summary of what it is, if available) you also unlock the ability to spawn beings at will and change their size and number.I also think that Everything is an excellent teaching tool, as it perfectly conveys how scale works in the universe: the perception of time depends on your size. A tiny moth will see everything in slow motion while a continent looks at the days fly by like it's nothing. With a few modifications, it could easily be used in schools to teach kids a few things about the world in a fun and engaging way.While it's not action packed and it won't last you more than a few hours, it's hard not to recomment Everything purely for the unique experience it gives you."
76561197970267156,Recommended,582270,31982495,Posted: 26 May,all,Wade,"It's difficult to convey how amazing this game is for the right person. I'm sure not everyone will love this type of gaming experience, however, if you are looking for something profound not only in your gaming experience, but in life...you should play this game. And if...you enjoy the voiceover of Alan Watts featured during gameplay...I recommend you purchase all his his audio talks either from Audible, iTunes/App store, or from the Alan Watts website. He doesn't dissapoint. Enjoy."
76561198130156579,Recommended,582270,34218838,Posted: 13 August,all,Cunty McBoogerballs,"It`s a phislosophical piece of art. Funny, deep, moving, stupid, gorgeous, interesting, ugly, awesome. I see strong LSD influences:) If you feel overwhelmed in the beginning or just think it`s boring- keep exploring, or let it play itself there is stuff to do and it`s getting more and more interesting. I also recommend to see some animations of the creator David O`Reilly."
,Recommended,582270,34961421,Posted: 14 September,all,Lip Service,"50 minutes in and I burst into tears, a new personal record for videogames in the life of me.""There is but one truly serious philosophical problem and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. All the rest – whether or not the world has three dimensions, whether the mind has nine or twelve categories – comes afterwards. These are games; one must first answer. And if it is true, as Nietzsche claims, that a philosopher, to deserve our respect, must preach by example, you can appreciate the importance of that reply, for it will precede the definitive act. These are facts the heart can feel; yet they call for careful study before they become clear to the intellect. If I ask myself how to judge that this question is more urgent than that, I reply that one judges by the actions it entails. I have never seen anyone die for the ontological argument."""
,Recommended,582270,31795789,Posted: 16 May,all,Wheados,"It's NOT a game like another, almost like it wasnt a game but a philosophy. It will make you think, and think alot. It will make you think about your life, about the universe, about EVERYTHING;"
76561198035704412,Recommended,582270,31335002,Posted: 24 April,all,Mew,"TLDR: This is a fun waste of a couple hours, and I do not regret this purchase. It's a fun experience with no real directive other than to ""collect"" everything (which, there is a lot to collect). The collecting can get a bit tedious and I don't have any motivation to go and collect the 75% of things that I missed. It's a collectathon with nothing pushing you and giving you a reason to collect everything. (review cut short because of rambling, full version herehttps://pastebin.com/raw/RB19w1XY)This isn't a ""game"" in the traditional sense, there's no failure state and there's no way to ""lose"" the game at all. In fact, if you stop doing any input, your character/thing will start to move around without you. It's the same exploration type game that ""Universe Sandbox"" or ""Space Engine"" is a game, it's a neat timekiller. And, what those latter two don't have is a philosophy about what ""you"" are and what ""everything""reallyis (hence the name of the game).OptionsFrankly is unacceptable. There is noTexture QualityReflections QualityAntialiasing OptionsPost Processing OptionsModel QualityRebindable KeysColorblind Mode/OptionsBorderless Window/Window modeFixed in a recent patch (April 28thish 2017. Not in the options anywhere, but a key combinationalt-enterwhich cannot be rebound, and not obvious in the options menu (if there at all))If there are, it's buried in an .ini file somewhere. It'll be easier to list whatisin the options menuInvert [X|Y|Both|None]Follow player with camera or totally let player control the cameraShould Ascend and Decent be on separate buttons, or the sameCamera SensitivitySeparate audio sliders for Music, UI, and Game sound effectsSubtitles on/offStatus Updates (which you should turn off if you want less reading, apparently.)Toggle for other thoughts of things around you and your own thoughtsDay/Night and Seasonal toggleAnd finally, it has Resolution (which, thankfully, supports 1080p+, I ran it at 1440p no problem, with my SLI 980s)And that's it, There's not even a Unity Launcher either. The options menu needs some MAJOR work to get it up to the ""PCMR"" standard.Main Gameplay LoopHey, I'm a bear. Oh look, there's another bear over there, let's join together, and now I'm two bears. Look, that Oak Tree has a thought bubble over it, let's go there and see what it's thinking ""Do I have a birthday"" it thinks. We wordlessly say goodbye. Hum-de-ho-hum, we're a bear, and I'm we and I'm a bear with me. That's a cool grass, and I become that grass, able to join up with other grasses like me and we become one. We can dance together and become much more grasses together with myself. I then decide to leave myself and descend lower, becoming a speck of dust in the air, saying hi and listening to the thoughts of the dustmites and bacteria and pollen around me, listening to my own thoughts in my various other forms, and occasionally to Alan Watts talk about me, and the Universe, and nothing, and everything. I become an atom as I wonder what happens if I go lower...That's basically the whole game. You see new things that you can become and see things from their perspective. You can be anything from subatomic dodecahedrons with nested cubes inside of it, to birds, to buildings, to the sun, to several types of galaxies, while listening to this guy talk every so often, when you find a thing that has the correct icon that lets you listen to it... Annddd... that's it. There's not much more other than that.There is a buttload of things that you can be, I've played 4 hours of messing around, aimless exploring and I there are whole categories that I missed somehow. If I had to guess, now much I became and collected, I would guess like 20-25%.Issues I had with itNow, this is going to seem like I'm overly critical and nitpicky and that I hate the game, especially since the majority of this review is focusing on the negative, but I really don't, I honestly enjoyed my time with it. There are a few things that bugged me about this game in general (besides the options menu)The controls, yes I know I just said that I wouldn't rag on the options menu and the lack of rebindable keys, but I found this game almost impossible to play using the keyboard and mouse. But thankfully, it natively supported my wired 360 controller just fine, and I played almost all of my 4 hours on that.Each world-zone-thing you're in has a few quirks. It's small and wraps around itself, so you'll see the same small things that you've seen (and been) over and over, unless you ascend/descend to the next zone. If you decide to randomly change into a desert planet when you are in the same zone as grass and snowballs and mice, then you can. You can be a floating planet hovering over everything. You can do the same thing when you're a galaxy or an atom, with a turtle. You'll be the universe's biggest or smallest turtle. When you get bored of being a whale talking to snowflakes or grains of sand, and head off in one direction, you'll continue to come across the remnants of the last ""you"" again and again. It reemphasizes how small the slice of the world you're playing on actually is. I just wish I could go to the trees or the hills in the background. I want to be a squirrel climbing up the tree with the funny animation. I want to be a minnow exploring a kelp forest, or a spider finding its way through the inside of a car. As it is, each zone is predetermined and there's no way to explore around it further. You're stuck with what the game gave you, which doesn't feel very ""Everything"" to me. The most point when it hit home just how lacking the zone generation is, is when I was a massive collection of various buildings and the camera zoomed way out. It showed the plainest city grid with almost every building gone (because I've already sucked up every possible building I could have), with perfectly square street intersections at regular intervals. It was really sad to see the limitations of ""Everything"".There is no underground/tunnels/caves area. I was kinda hoping that there would be a worm thing that could bury underground that I can explore the sands and dirt of the soil. Just, the whole world is kinda boring. Everything is so flat and non-distinct from each other, the winter biome is pretty much the desert biome with a layer of white paint everywhere. There's nothing unique about it that makes me go ""wow, I really want to know what a cave or a valley or a mountain or canyon is like from a bug's perspective all the way to a massive grove of trees.""The soundtrack, was just atmospheric enough to be appropriate, without being intrusive.... usually. There is one track, that I found to be more eerie and strange and creepy than anything. The soundtrack does its job well enough to get out of the way and let me enjoy the man talking.PhilosophyThere's some in here and definitely thought provoking, but you probably will have some issues with it, but it's fun to entertain the idea. I'm not anywhere near trying to understand the universe and everything, so I can't critique on this too hard.ConclusionI quite enjoyed this experience. It's giving me things to think about and maybe, just maybe, it'll give somebody else out there a new perspective in life. Or maybe, they'll quit out of boredom, who knows. This is definitely not for everybody, and while I don't have a strong desire to play for another 4 hour stretch of time, let alone trying to 100% it (holy crap), I might give it 15 mins here or there if I'm bored and need something to zone out to. It's an experience that is probably worth around $10 to me. You might be able to find Alan Watts's speech/talk online on YouTube somewhere, but the game definitely adds to the experience and takes it to another level."
,Not Recommended,582270,35122093,Posted: 22 September,all,parogen,"Everything is a game that tries to impart the same kind of wisdom Alan Watts did as a philosopher.For me it did not work.I think the problem with this game is that there are barely any mechanics and there is no real progression at all. Alan Watts's audio clips are kind of used in place of narrative, which I can guess would be interesting for someone who has not heard of him. This is basically a cool sandbox world pretending to have a story. The kicker/ending was nice, and that might have been worth the time spent fiddling around in the sandbox, but I would suggest trying to get it on sale if possible. I don't plan to replay this at all.I would recommend The Beginner's Guide if you want to have a thoughtful/introspective experience.Unfiltered:It's just a game with introspective thought bubbles spawning and you spend the entire time learning useless object interactions. It's kind of cool if you see it as complementary material to Alan Watts. It doesn't get harder, only more annoying when you can't find the next sequence in the game. After a certain point, you can let it autoplay if you are lost, which really makes a statement on how overly complicated and arbitrarily confusing this game is.On The Beginner's Guide:There is a part of the game that has thought bubbles like this one. That's a section, not the whole game. Infinitely richer, has narrative."
76561198103050985,Not Recommended,582270,33742464,Posted: 23 July,all,lesternormal,"This is a weird game.  I've played it for 2 hours and I doubt I'll ever play it again.  I don't want my money or time back necessarily, though, it's just...playing it once you'll see everything on for offer.  What's on offer is kind of awesome and interesting (especially if your a into Carl Sagan-y stuff) but an utter lack of consequences, conflict, and motivation, combined with the limited arrangements of the universe it presents means there's nothing else to go back to.There's ""skills"" to unlock, creatures to ""talk to"", lecture recordings to find, objects to possess (all of which play pretty much the exact same, there's no noteable difference between being a cigarette butt or a spiral galaxy next to perspective, which is also very same-y), and perspectives to experience.  That's the entire game next to a walking sim through procedurally generated terrain on an extremely limited plane.  It's also super pretentious which grates on the nerves.If you remember the disappointment of playing Spore after the hype, you get a similiar sense when playing this.  It's so close to almost not quite gettting there.Sounds and music, though, are top-notch, no joke; those two things I think were what kept me playing for so long.Overall, this is like a 50/100 game; get it at half price and I doubt you'll necessarily want your money back."
76561197992120661,Recommended,582270,31465710,Posted: 30 April,all,Owen Wilson,"I've been a fan of David O'Reilly's video work for a few years now. This game is a masterpiece in its own right, and his 3D aesthetic oozes all over this game. I love art games / ""walking simulators"" and this is a little more than that. If you've watched his videos before (specifically The Horse Raised By Spheres), the animals' walking animation won't come as a surprise. After playing the 2-hour tutorial you will feel like you experienced a small slice of the entire universe, ""dancing"" from the 1D, subatomic level all the way up to the galactic level (and back!).But that's not to say the game is perfect. The game's UI interactions are blatantly designed around a controller, which is understandable for a console-first game. Keyboard and mouse interactions on the other hand are painful at best. Controls are wonky, and the default, unchangeable key mapping sucks. In my opinion, the game should be listed as ""controller recommended"", not ""controller supported"". Also, Alan Watts needs to shut the ♥♥♥♥ up.Likes:animation/graphics are beautiful and true to David's previous works. the first sunset left me in awe.atmosphere/ambience is perfect. exactly what the trailer describes.being able to be literallyeverything. anything that you see, you can be. even marijuana.simple mechanics. more than you'd expect out of an art game.cute interactions between species. dancing makes babies.being able to become anything you've been before, at any scale. planet-sized beef? you got it. subatomic banana? check. galactic silicon atom? go for it.Dislikes:the camera controls are awful. the camera pivots on a very odd point not normal for any video game. not sure if it's a console thing but again, with k&m the camera sucks.keyboard & mouse users again suffer in the ascend/descend mode(s). it took me way too long to figure out what was going on in that menu. it's not intuitive and involves both WASD and the mouse to ascend/descend on the specific thing you want.for the love of god let me switch the key controls. I hate using X for anything in PC games, and it's the main key aside from WASD. also, to switch Things you have to hold E, scroll through a menu, and press C or X to choose what you want all while holding E. it's really odd and I feel like it's pretty obvious that keyboard & mouse was an afterthought.Alan Watts. (yes I know there's a setting to turn him off)will update as I play more..."
76561198000790392,Recommended,582270,31419921,Posted: 28 April,all,AgentM83,"This game accomplishes something that I've wanted from (and seen the potential for) video games for a very, very long time: its systematizing of concepts and ideas (and, really, ideology/philosophy!) makes me FEEL and THINK ABOUT not just the world that I'm virtually occupying, but the one I actual exist in, simultaneously. Where other games, even those that have engaged me cerebrally or emotionally, have offered escapist experiences, Everything constantly makes my mind and heart revisit reality. This is the positive power of interactive media, and I want (nay, NEED!) to see more of this. Thank you."
,Recommended,582270,31327532,Posted: 23 April,all,Techbane,"If you haven't seen this in action, your first reactions upon starting it will probably be, in rapid succession, ""this is going to be super pretentious"", ""wait this is hilarious"", and ""oh, they were entirely serious all along"". Where it goes from there will very much vary person to person.To address the obvious right out of the gate, this isn't much of a game. There's a linear progression of sorts as you explore, but exploration is by and large the extent of the interactivity. There doesn't even seem to be much of a simulation here, per se, but it IS an impressively realized engine full to the brim of many hundreds of things to ""play"" as, the purpose of which is to put you in an environment and mindset to be properly receptive to the ideas and philosophies that it's going to present to you. (It can also self-play, and makes an awesome screensaver.) Of course, said ideas and philosophies pertain to... Everything.It's a very existential production, and if you're too young to be interested or too unwilling to put yourself in the mindspace to earnestly open up to discourse on the nature of life and existence, then don't get this. Nobody is forcing you to, and there's no reason to subject yourself to something you know you're going to disagree with or find pretentious. For me personally, I'm agnostic, I just turned 30, reached 1,000 games owned on Steam, am incredibly disillusioned with the world, and I have no idea what the hell my life is anymore. I'm pretty much the bull's-eye of the target audience for this.On the technical side of things, it seems well optimized (and ought to be for something with a scale-to-detail ratio similar to Katamari Damacy), lacks detail settings, and plays well with gamepad or M+KB (although a couple of the key assignments are highly questionable, but there's no impetus to be overly efficient with them).As a game, it's not what I'd really call engaging, in spite of there being plenty for completionists to hunt for. As an experience, however, I highly recommend it."
76561198028560051,Recommended,582270,31295598,Posted: 22 April,all,Ill_BMX,"Highly recommended.The sense of scale and perspective is a joy to traverse. There are lots of things to discover and I've been using this to teach my young children new words cow, bear, flea, etc.; they adore it. Alan Watts' seminar excerpts interspersed throughout are lovely to listen to for adult and child alike.From microscopic to macroscopic the Everything universe is boundless and contained; galaxies within atoms are held together by conceptual shapes. It is like The School of Athensen.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_School_of_Athensare all holding hands. Plato and Aristotle are dancing together changing the lead dancer each respective, perceptual beatAlso, Everything shows Katamari Damacy to beepistemologically sound; our soulsareclumped together.Everything is greater than a game, but not more than a game. It far exceeds the sum of its parts, but how far the excess reaches is down to individual perspective. Megalolz and enlightenment potentially await uncovering."
,Recommended,582270,34727497,Posted: 3 September,all,||TINYO||幽霊||,Holy sh*t please don't play this when your high.
76561198303216159,Recommended,582270,32676144,Posted: 23 June,all,Meanwhile.........,"This game is absolutely incredible, it is simple, yet fun, and deep down it contains a very profound lesson. Also, the alan watts lectures being played during the duration of the game are awesome."
76561198011001784,Not Recommended,582270,31480245,Posted: 30 April,all,Dorg Borgus,"You can turn into anything, and can scale up or scale down in size. It would be cool if you could explore the world when scaling down, flying around as a spore to see what a giant rat looks like or something, but everytime you scale up or down it just gives you a generic randomly generated world completely unrelated to the world you were just in. So the game really just turns into turning into random things while listening to some old guy talk. I wouldn't call it ""too"" pretentious, and I'm pretty quick to throw that word around but it's not very fun. Exploring also isn't very interesting, because you know that no matter what you do you just end up in another crappy randomly generated world where you can't really interact with any of the things before you scaled down. The lecture is kind of hit or miss, if it's your thing you might find it moving but it's full of attention grabbing nonesense that I personally felt like arguing with. I get the main message, but sitting there listening to some 70's lecturer go on about ""things"" not existing gets kind of tiresome.I think that such an exploration game could honestly be pretty iteresting if it involved exploring the world instead of just constantly generating new ones. Then again maybe I expected too much for 11 dollars. Watch some vidoes with actual gameplay on youtube first before you buy this. Also the spinning animals were just stupid. So many other objects moved at least somewhat realistically, the spinning animals made no sense in the context of the game. 5/10."
76561198326791660,Recommended,582270,31346567,Posted: 24 April,all,echobirdy,"Never before has a game completely defied my expectations.I first heard of Everything through a Youtube playthrough. I watched about ten minutes of it, thought ""Aw, cute rolling animals,"" and moved on.The it popped up in my Discovery Queue, it was on sale and I had a coupon. ""Screw it,"" I thought, ""I'll buy the cute rolling animal game.""So I did. I was a cute, blocky cow, aimlessly rolling around, singing to the other animals and plants I crossed paths with. All in all, I was pretty happy with the experience. Not a game changer in any sense of the word, but nice. Fun. Innocent. Then the ability to ascend and descend into different creatures appears. I become a small frog. The change in size and perspective is nice. Then I become a leaf, blowing around on the breeze.Then I become a grain of pollen. And then a molecule of oxygen. A staphylococcus bacterium.Suffice to say, my mind was well and truly blown. And this was before the whole alternate reality thing came along and made me question the integrity of my own existence.If you do not like non-linear games, or games without an obvious plot or goal, this one won't be for you. If you're the sort of person who is prone to existential crises, proceed with caution."
76561197970320868,Recommended,582270,33872537,Posted: 28 July,all,sizer99,"A fairly amusing playable screensaver (this is not a slur, it will play itself as well as you can, as a screensaver) where you go up and down scales of 10 (subatomic particles to galaxies) looking for things you haven't 'been' before.  There's not really a game, but it's kind of fun to cast around through the multiverse and see what you can find.A real highlight are the voice quotes from famed hippie guru Alan Watts from the late 1960s. You could tell people had just really discovered pot, since it's all total 'Whoa dude have you ever looked at your hand and wondered if it could be someone else's hand?  Or the atoms in your fingertips were inhabited solar systems?!?' gibbersish and since nobody was exposed to this much in the 1950s I guess they thought it was deep.I felt compelled to track down every single clip to see what marvelous pronouncement he'd have next (from memory, hazy, too much weed): 'A cloud has no right or wrong. You should endeavor to be like a cloud, utterly convinced you can do no wrong. You are faultless, perfect, you are the universe. Oh, but don't do anything wrong, that would be overcompensating.'  'If your father had not met your mother, would you be you? Yes! You would still call yourself I, we all do, we are all the same person. This is the theory of relativity.'  'For you do not see that when a man walks up a hill, the hill also walks down the man?'A definite sale purchase, but I somehow don't feel my time was wasted."
,Recommended,582270,32727232,Posted: 24 June,all,Brim Of Obscurity,Answers the age-old question of what would be created if Colin's Bear and Carl Sagan got high in their dorm room one night.
,Recommended,582270,32709159,Posted: 23 June,all,MaxOfS2D,"Ok, you know that gif of Tim and Eric that's always used for the ""mind blown"" reaction?This is what this game is"
,Recommended,582270,33009742,Posted: 29 June,all,Jhzanto,A game for deep thought and contemplation. It's just a peaceful adventure through everything.
76561198066437167,Not Recommended,582270,33571362,Posted: 15 July,all,Hypercide,"I've just requested a refund for this game.  I was sold on the hype around this thing being considered ""Oscar-worthy,"" but having bought it and dipped my toe into it, I simply can'r see it. Why? If you believe a game where apparently animate beings move by simply tumbling head-over-heels is state of the art, then you don't play computer games today. If you believe that, when you have objects ""think"" (or whatever it is) and what they think is grammatically incorrect, often mis-spelled New Age babble, then this game is for you. But if you are suspicious of the kind of wisdom a game-coder can bring into your life, and you recognize that the philosopher (OMG there's a philosopher in this way-cool-game!!) who provides the ""thinking"" is a populiarizer of Eastern philosophy (ie the perennial favorite thinking of hippies, hipsters, and Hollywood wives) and that's it, then..move-on. I watched my kids play Spore a few years back; this is a bit like Spore on Prozac.  I'm actually a flightsim guy, which, I'm not afraid to say, makes me an afficiando of watching paint dry, but Everything is a whole lot of hype for a game that is Nothing. The paints's already dry--move along."
76561197966619461,Recommended,582270,31431024,Posted: 28 April,all,[POOP]Mad Dog,"As you will read in other reviews, Everything is an experience more than it is a 'game'.  If you are looking for a game that has structure and an eventual end or way to win, you should take a pass on this.  If you want something you can play that has a really chill atmosphere, gentle music and some really interesting lectures to discover, this is the game for you.The concept is simple yet very deep.  You start off in the game as 'something'.  What that is I believe is different for every player.  I was a cow.  You are able to explore the world around you as whatever you are.  Through the beginning lessons you learn how to navigate between the different things in your world.  You can become a plant, a bug, even a tree.  At one point early on I was a dust mite.  Eventually you begin to learn how to get bigger.  A continent, a planet, a star, a solar system.  You are able to navigate pretty freely between perspectives and going to different planets and levels of the planets give you some other things to become.  This is the ultimate in sandbox gameplay.The game isn't without it's flaws.  You will immediately notice there is no walking animation for the ground creatures.  They flip over themselves to move.  This put me off at first but honestly, it's sort of funny and after a while it didn't bother me at all.  Some of the controls don't feel the most intuitive.  About an hour in I am getting the hang of navigating the different perspectives and perhaps had I read some of the tutorial more closely I would have done a better job.  Some of the key choices are weird.  The '8' key is one ability you will use which feels...randomly bound.  There are some menus with navigation shown in gamepad terms so perhaps it makes more sense to play with a controller.  I am more of a keyboard jockey but in future play I will give it a shot.Overall, if the above doesn't scare you away, this is a great game and the developers deserve the praise they've been receiving for it.  It's obvious there has been a lot of work and thought put into it and they are still working on it.  If you want a nice, easy experience that may make you think about how small you really are in this huge universe...I whole-heartedly suggest picking up Everything."
76561197970685744,Recommended,582270,33765849,Posted: 24 July,all,abaddon75,"I once was a herd of Baobabs and my song sounded far and wide, my branches trekt me accross the plain and pointed towards the sky. The voice spoke of Wobbly and Prickly things and denied the existence of separation. I evolved and devolved and knew the voice spoke true.This ""gamefied art"" brings me back to my childhood, playing games of which I had no clue what they were about. filled with a sense of wonder and exploration. A sense of tinkering and finding out about...what ? .Everything !.....Alant Watts 5 stars. Excellent way to teach people about this modern Zen philosopher."
,Recommended,582270,31499571,Posted: 1 May,all,Good Mouth Feel,"A very chill self-guided journey. Play as anything and everything as you experience the universe from different perspectives. The first entry in the games Tips section sums it up nicely, ""You cannot make a mistake"""
76561197990999559,Recommended,582270,31351861,Posted: 24 April,all,cye_pyus,"Like many of the other reviewers have said, fantastic experience. Worth every penny if you ever think about this sort of thing. Sticks with you after you exit. Thank you for making it.Here's a interesting thought experiment for you. Do you think No Mans Sky would of gotten all the bad post release press had Hello Games/Sony marketed NMS similar to this game (putting a side the $60 price tag for a moment)? This seems like what they were trying to do with NMS, in a Sci Fi setting."
,Recommended,582270,31400945,Posted: 27 April,all,MarioPrime,"Let's get this out of the way: do you hate games like Journey? Do walking simulators irritate you? Do you need defined objectives and goals to enjoy a game? That's okay! Don't pick this up, because it probably won't be your cup of tea.If you answered 'no' to the questions above, get Everything. At first, I thought it sounded like nothing more than a silly gimmick. The idea of becoming any object sounded technically impressive, but boring. I sat down expecting to play it for 20 minutes, and suddenly hours had passed. This is a genuinely hypnotic experience that plays like a surreal sandbox walking simulator. Without any objectives, I found myself free to just exist in the game's world. I'd become a bird, and just simply find peace in floating above a desert. The game is a tool to give players moments like this.There are snippets of Alan Watts' lectures hidden throughout the game, which serve as mental guidance as you play. The game is particularly unique in that it's kind of a philosophy adaptation about the nature of being. It's a meditation on Watts' thoughts, turned into an interactive experience that illustrates his ideas. Everything is a beautiful, thoughtful experience that reaches out far beyond its gameplay gimmick. If you're open to seeing a very different way to think about what a game is, I highly recommend checking this out. It's a bold, fascinating project (and with unbelievable audio work to boot)."
,Recommended,582270,33756233,Posted: 23 July,all,Trilla,"There's something poetic about this 'game'; The narration of Alan Watts' seminars in this game are something fierce and magical. It provokes thoughts and transcendentalism, much beyond our being and existence. As you roll around as a rock, insect, or whatever animal or thing you may find, the music soothes you while the voice of our beloved Mr. Watts moves you. Easily one of the best surprises of this year."
,Recommended,582270,33542302,Posted: 14 July,all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"The world is too much with us; late and soon,Getting and spending, we lay waste our powers;Little we see in Nature that is ours;We have given our hearts away, a sordid boon!This Sea that bares her bosom to the moon;The winds that will be howling at all hours,And are up-gathered now like sleeping flowers,For this, for everything, we are out of tune;It moves us not.—Great God! I’d rather beA pagan suckled in a creed outworn;So might I, standing on this pleasant lea,Have glimpses that would make me less forlorn;Have sight of Proteus rising from the sea;Or hear old Triton blow his wreathèd horn."
,Recommended,582270,31329653,Posted: 23 April,all,Spoopy Spooples,I'm glad to know I own Everything on Steam.
,Recommended,582270,34472694,Posted: 24 August,all,Twinkie,Rip alan watts 10/10 would roll again
,Not Recommended,582270,33005000,Posted: 29 June,all,𝑺𝒂𝒗𝒊𝒕𝒂𝒓,"At first it is fun to morph into other things but in the trailers and photos it actually takes a while to reach stuff like that.And also the so many interuption screens like ""Which key?"" it gets boring after you get into this game"
,Not Recommended,582270,33737491,Posted: 22 July,all,omer.harari01,"Eh. Got boring after 20 minutes. It's just visuals, no meat. Go watch someone play it on youtube."
,Not Recommended,582270,31364501,Posted: 25 April,all,Cut Chemist,"My distaste for this game was quite simple, and based purely on aesthetics. Instead of having creatures animated normaly and, walking about normaly, the developer had them moving about head over heals- end over end as it were. I seem to be the only person this bothers, because no one else mentions it. But I find it just a bad excuse for proper animation.I'm returning it!"
76561198374361560,Recommended,582270,32677428,Posted: 23 June,all,Eilimex,"I never thought it'd be so much fun to be a continent or some tiny piece of dust, but what an adventure. In all seriousness, the music is great, the gameplay is interesting and unique, and overall provides such a peaceful experience, you'll find yourself coming back to it over and over again."
76561198141033743,Recommended,582270,32185777,Posted: 4 June,all,jameshanksy,"Mesmerising, beautiful and addictive. I have been a big fan of David Oreilly's animations for years but wasn't particularly pleased with his first game, Mountain because I found it a little boring.Everything was fanastic though, and not in the slightest bit boring."
,Recommended,582270,32798118,Posted: 25 June,all,Samsws,I dont even want to give away the perspective this game offers but let me just say it blew me away and I think of everything in a different way after playing this game. Beautiful soundtrack and outstanding thought provoking naration as well.
76561198148235089,Recommended,582270,33082916,Posted: 1 July,all,maximus.kk,"I hear an Alan Watts, I add to cart. Not dissapointed. I made so many worlds inside worlds that I forgot how layered I really went -- that was until I found the microscopic slime atop a lady bug who sat inside of what looked to be my home world...but then again, I did travel near the speed of light across galaxies...and that was for a long time so perhaps it wasn't that particular world after all.Kudos to the dev team and a great decision to include Alan's voiceover."
,Recommended,582270,33155491,Posted: 2 July,all,kreeture,What a trip!!!
76561198146034185,Recommended,582270,33837407,Posted: 27 July,all,ambervkn,"My 10 hour gameplay time for Everything:I wake up in the morning as a deer with a Golden Gate next to me.I move around confused and bored looking for text cloud and lectures.Suddenly I come across hexagons that show me new features.I can finally become a penguin and walk around excited dancing with my penguin friends.I come across more hexagons and damn I can become an island, a cloud, an UFO, a galaxy, a photon, a bacteria.Ofcourse I want to be smaller than a photon and bigger than the universe and hoard myself towards a content feeling knowing all the items in this universe.As I'm hoarding they remind me of that Golden Gate at the start and I think damn, I'm like eight worlds away from this.As I grab my popcorn my autoplay randomly leads me to the Golden Gate, problem solved.YOU NEED TO SEE WHAT'S IN THE GOLDEN GATE.The Golden Gate is only the start. 8/8 would play more and definately want to support the developers making more content games."
,Recommended,582270,32750564,Posted: 24 June,all,Null,"Best exploration game ever, but way more than an exploration game.  This game is everything.  You can be anything, you can explore everywhere.  You can even be a giant space donkey if you so desire.  As a matter of fact, you can be 100 giant space donkeys all at once!  For ♥♥♥♥s sake!!!  Name a game that you can do that...  Seriously, this game is amazing, and I urge everyone to give this a shot.  Its more than a game, its an experience...  An experience with giant space donkeys!!!"
,Recommended,582270,34834870,Posted: 9 September,all,Pideaux,"This game is... interesting... to say the least. I really do enjoy how large the world is. From literally the smallest spore, to an entire universe. You can play as anything. I have to say I had more fun playing as a whale in the ocean. Largest pod ever."
,Recommended,582270,33844305,Posted: 27 July,all,LilUbercharge,"I love this game's name.""Now launching Everything""""Everything is 60% off on Steam""""Uninstalling Everything""""1 friend is playing Everything"""
76561198056444668,Recommended,582270,33991591,Posted: 3 August,all,Thoth,Its worth its price.+ funny+ philosophical+ exploration+ imersionIs more something for very calm or spiritual people.- not much action- very easy
,Recommended,582270,32967017,Posted: 28 June,all,Crab of Chaos,"Despite I didn't enjoy the previous game by David O'Reilly, I think Everything is a masterpiece.I usually prefer addictive fast-paced action-filled hard games (Hotline Miami, TBOI, Nuclear Throne, Super Meat Boy), but this game helps to stop for a second and patiently accept your own gorgeous absurdity. It has great visuals, brilliant animation and relaxing music. And as it's already said in the description, narration from Alan Watts, which blew my mind and made me want to research his works.Be a photone.Be a cow.Be a lobster in the sky.Be Everything.9/10P.S. I removed one point because you get tired of this game very fast. Joy lasts only for several hours."
,Recommended,582270,31342435,Posted: 24 April,all,Vinrafel,"Video Review:https://youtu.be/6aq2jKrfR4wEverythingis a game about exploring the philosophies of Alan Watts. The gameplay begins like a wacky simulation but, with the assistance of recorded lectures, it becomes a metaphor for the interconnectedness of everything. While the game is not flawless, it does succeed at conveying its message while not being a dry, didactic piece.For a more in-depth review, see the video above."
,Recommended,582270,32872983,Posted: 27 June,all,scumbagkitten,"I got to strut about as a Higgs Bosson, what more could I want"
76561198149918292,Recommended,582270,31518820,Posted: 2 May,all,MagiicPie,yaes
,Recommended,582270,33392033,Posted: 8 July,all,Aetos,Introduced me to philosopher Alan Watts and that's enough to recommend. The gameplay serves as a great companion to his work. Helped clear my mind.
76561198065656025,Recommended,582270,31328438,Posted: 23 April,all,Superpescado,I didn't dislike it but I didn't like it either. I applaud the effort to make something completely different from other games.Although I'm hesitant to call this a game and more of an interactive introduction into the philosophy of Alan Watts.It has its moments so I'll recommend it but keep in mind this is a very niche product.
,Recommended,582270,33026603,Posted: 30 June,all,Uppwind,"Everything is a thought provoking game in which challenges your stance on yourself and everything around you. Ideas such as we are a process of everything and not just the result. That everything is just a infinite loop, we are as much humans as we are the big bang. We are as much the big bang as we are 1 dimensional entities.If you persue ideas and knowledge to challenge and progress your perception on what is everything, this game is for you."
,Recommended,582270,31287279,Posted: 21 April,all,brightfreak,"Delightful. Silly, deep, thought-provoking. I've read and listened to Alan Watts for a long time. Hearing his voice and thought in this absurd landscape of cartwheeling wolves, bouncing penquins, and shuffling grass makes me happy.I never imagined getting an Enlightenment achievement (""Ready to Think!"") while BEING a dancing mushroom on snow-covered ground singing to a flower... I might should have but the unexpected is often a wonder.I suspect I'm going to do this a lot."
,Recommended,582270,31686604,Posted: 11 May,all,Goofbelly,"Have you every dabbled with psychedelics and felt what it means to be connected to everything around you?Maybe you're too afraid to try?Well, now you can feel at one with the living, breathing, universe around you by playing Everything.Everything is more of an ""experience"" than a ""game."" It expresses the oneness and unity of all of existence, evokes the cyclical nature of the universe, and allows the user to experience what life is and means.If you don't want to wait to die or to go on a physdelic trip to understand what your place is in this world, then I suggest you open your mind and give this experience a shot.Contribute to healing the world's consciousness by expanding your own.  If you're interested in opening your mind, try out Everything - you will not regret it!As above, so below."
,Recommended,582270,31395165,Posted: 27 April,all,詩永雷,ive become one with the universe
,Not Recommended,582270,31753662,Posted: 14 May,all,yanamal,"I liked a lot of things about Everything. The mechanics, the procedural world, the discovery path, the narration all work really well together to make up the message and theme of the game.What I did not like, to the point of disrecommending this game, is that its theme is fundamentally about death in the most mundane and therefore most scary way. And that this came without any warning of any kind from the game's marketing, reviews, etc. which are all about how it's ""joyous"" and ""quirky"" and ""silly"" and ""relaxing"". Rather, I find that it's about Alan Watts trying to convince me that it's OK that I will die, because ""I"" as an entity is a constructed concept anyway. Well, I like me as an entity, and constructed doesn't mean not real!So I can't recommend a game that, again, without warning triggers a bout of severe existential dread and anxiety right before I have to go to bed.It's like going in for a fun kids' movie but getting a melancholy art film about dying. and kids."
,Recommended,582270,33022480,Posted: 29 June,all,Six,"I have played this game for just a tiny bit, but the whole time playing it has been a profoundly exceptional experience.I spawned as a zebra, talked to a cactus, morphed into a flower, then into bacteria, then into an atom.. then found myself in the cosmos.. And so on and so on.It is incredible how this game changes your outlook on the world and existence itself, teaches you a deep lesson of the universe and being, while at the same time managing to be so incredibly easy and fun to play.Sure, I wouldn't call it a ""game"" game, and I definitely wouldn't say it's for everyone, however if you are into the sort of ""dive in, learn new things and explore"" thing, then please, please buy it. You won't regret it and it will be money well-spent.No game before this one has ever made me so eager to find out what's beyond the beyond, and what will come next..So,10/10 for me."
76561197972549056,Not Recommended,582270,33209965,Posted: 3 July,all,Ulvirfaust,"EVERYTHING IS NOTHINGSince when do large animals sumersault to move? This is a finished game not a ""work in progress"". Zebra do not roll.My first thought playing this was to wonder if my video card was on the fritz. This suuuuucks. This sucked so bad it prompted me to ask for my first refund and write my only review.THE DEVELOPERS SHOULD BE ASHAMED. A first year game design student could've made a better version of this."
,Not Recommended,582270,33755881,Posted: 23 July,all,I'm Uncreative,"Maybe I'm just not enlightened enough, but I don't understand the point of the game at all. It's boring and frankly, not very good."
76561198009206645,Not Recommended,582270,31425330,Posted: 28 April,all,coroloro,"After viewing the movie and reading the reviews, I took the jump to play this game.  After all, I LOVED Abzu (and Journey before it, as well as Flower) and this seemed 'just my kind of thing'.  Yet I had this gut feeling when I saw the animals flopping over eachother that there was something 'not quite right'.   The graphics are fairly basic but not bad exactly, fairly good- but then there is the fact the animals are cartwheeling.  Whatever deeper meaning one might think of for it, to me it is just one thing: 'cheating', to avoid animating all the creatures fully.  Perhaps it is a fully satisfying experience to others, but after wandering around aimlessly a while and getting a few 'tree' and 'rock' messages, I realised very quickly this was not very saitsfying and I didn't want to risk being stuck with it- so after less than half an hour I decided I wanted a refund.If you want a game where you can enjoy the experience of animals in a brain tingling and interesting way, well I'm sure there are others but Abzu is my personal favourite and this is no Abzu.  Nor is it deep and meaningful to make up for the simplicity, like- say- ""That Dragon, Cancer"" (a powerful, if visually more simple 3D game).  It is just... well, I haven't played Goat Simulator much, but it reminds me somewhat of that except... less intersting.  You know what, I'd say it reminds me most of one stage of ""Spore"" where you go around interacting with other creatures.  It is a far, far, far older game and yet far more visually appealing- and more interesting, even in just that one stage.If you love this game- love it.  Enjoy it.  But as someone who does like to just drift through a game and enjoy the atmosphere, I expected that from this- and it was none of that."
76561198039421142,Recommended,582270,34651623,Posted: 31 August,all,Jay,You like trippy things? then this is your game.
76561197963584381,Not Recommended,582270,31428444,Posted: 28 April,all,Iconoclast,"This game is more of a piece of art than a game. If that's your thing, then maybe this game is for you, but for me it didn't fit the bill. Gameplay consists of running around a world (or planet, or ocean, or star system) as a thing (a dog, or a spear, or a mitochondria, or a plank length) and morph into other things. You collect audio files of a philosophic lecture by some smart gentleman. It's all very lofty. I spent almost two hours trying to get my money's worth which was unsuccessful.Once this gets bumped down to $5 bucks in a year, maybe pick it up. Until then pick up a nice book instead."
,Recommended,582270,31385812,Posted: 26 April,all,Jimmybeaver,"EVERYTHINGEVERYTHING itself is a game assending and decending into the cosmic dance of the outward and inward universe. Thanks to the wisdom and tone of Alan Watts (A British philosopher, writer and speaker) this game (that feels half finished) becomes something else than a normal game. Everything is a great experience to understand the size and scale of things and to remind us of that everything in the universe sings and dance's in it's own way and everything is connected.Pro's - Alan Watts Philosophy- You can become so many different random things- Great relaxing musicMids - Graphics are just ok- Basic movement, with limited options, making normal play time 30mins to 60mins before    you save and exitCons - At start you may feel like an upside down moose- People that dont like relaxing and or philosophy may dislike this concept game- May buy play once for 1-2 hours go ""oh thats sort different"" and never touch everything againIf unsure and or if interested but can't efford the game (yet) just google Alan Watts and or check this link to get a tone of the philosophy material.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMRrCYPxD0IIf you have the cash and like to relax (& enjoy philosophy) recommend fully, but if your a bit tight, wait for it to come down to 3-5 $.THANK YOU EVERTHING FOR REMINDING ME OF EVERYTHING."
76561197997970543,Not Recommended,582270,31368652,Posted: 25 April,all,godfather2526,"No idea why the rolling animals makes me so mad, but it really pulls you out of the experience"
76561197960274977,Not Recommended,582270,31289290,Posted: 21 April,all,logicflaw,"Everything suffers from being a bad pc port:  Can't rebind controls, clunky interface for changing entities and ascending/descending.  Very few graphics options and no FoV settings.  If you dislike the FoV of most consoles titles or experience discomfort when the FoV is too limited, stay away.As for the game,  I found the core loop simplistic and boring."
,Not Recommended,582270,31295409,Posted: 22 April,all,wbk,"Everything is extremely overrated by everyone.  A game/experience about being everything is ultimately dull and shallow no matter the amount of philosophical quotes injected into it to give the pretense of deeper meaning.You don't try to be art.  You are effortlessly art from inception or not.  I think this would be a better experience if it had been designed without the need of the quotes, and the designer had found the game it's own purer way to communicate.I truly lament this age of gimmick games.I am all for the possibility of games as art forms and worthwhile experiences but this isn't worth the time or money.  I can understand what the developer is valiantly trying to do with his games so far, but they aren't reaching those heights for me.  I honestly look forward to what the developer does next though.  Hopefully this is a training step towards something truly great.This isn't a philosophical high point for gaming - it just goes to show how desperate people are to create that though.It is however probably great for manic depressives, stoners, and high school kids that want to act profoundly."
76561198131261887,Not Recommended,582270,31282581,Posted: 21 April,all,Lemonsandwich,"This game was amazing. It had a silly point of view at first but there was more to it. The way the large animals moved I felt was just a joke to make you feel comfortable in the world it drops you in. This is what the  game was like invideos of the people who got it early. But now they added a thing where every 30 seconds you have to stop, something weird happens on the screen, the text box on the bottom of the screen says ""World destroied by-"" what ever weird thing happend and you go back to playing. That might not sound bad put it gets annoying very fast because you can't turn it off and it happens frequently in the game I have played for about 40 minutes and it has already happened over 100 times. It has ruined the game and has made it almost unplayable."
,Recommended,582270,31346063,Posted: 24 April,all,Dare,This is not a game per say but it is still something everyone should try out.  You can experience life's point of view from that of an atom to a galaxy and everything inbetween!
,Recommended,582270,31298860,Posted: 22 April,all,[GWJ]UMOarsman,"This is a shockingly addictive ""experience"" - not a game, but absolutely worth the price of admission. I love the ability to just leave the controls alone, customize how the game plays itself, and just listen to the Alan Watts recordings."
76561198327307026,Recommended,582270,31289834,Posted: 21 April,all,PreHeatedSnow,"Many told me at the start that it would be another NMS. Get a few hours of gameplay and not much else. Well about 4 hours into the game I was told I had completed the tutorial. This game, while I can see it will at some point get boring and repetitve, is still entertaining, and I expect it to for several more hours. For $12 its well worth the money"
76561198091588666,Recommended,582270,32170902,Posted: 4 June,all,AdamSerpentius,"Are you looking for that game to kick back and relax? Everything is that game for you.Everything is akin to having a walk in the park, a peaceful day at the beach or that moment you stare out of the bus. It is a game where you have that moment you get lost in your subconciousness, questioning the reality and existiential questions of the world.Everything is about existing as anything you have experienced and explore new worlds small and huge, depending on your size. You can be a atom, a rock, an ant, a lion, an eagle, clouds or even galaxies. Do what you want, do what your will. This game is meant to be surreal, not a scifi shooter. Art Direction and graphics wise, it is minimalistic and beautiful, clean edges and a cartoony look that takes you out of ""reality and realism"". Color palettes are pleasant and never harsh.There are games which challenge your mind and reflexes but Everything isnt that. Its that game you pick up when you want to chill after a tired day. Its an interactive zen piece of art where you dont need to worry. I highly recommend this game for people looking for an experience that i have described, worth every penny."
76561198016061981,Recommended,582270,32757132,Posted: 24 June,all,J-dawg,"Some of me is missing the point in these reviews, but I'm glad that most of me isn't."
,Recommended,582270,32782851,Posted: 25 June,all,gizi,"Beautiful, poignant, and absurd, Everything has the unique mark of artist/ animator David O'Reilly (maybe best known for the The External World and the hologram sequences from Spike Jonze's Her) while remaining its own blissful, existential piece of oddly rolling fruit.While there is the challenge of unlocking all the many creatures, buildings, planets, etc. you can be, the real charm is dancing around with your little thing family and weaving through the expansive environment."
,Recommended,582270,32959474,Posted: 28 June,all,Kovah,"Ever wanted to become a Hamburger, dancing around in an world filled with giant wheat plants? Or want to listen to a depressed Trumpet that would like to commit suicide but could not find someone to assist him? Well, here's your chance!Everything let's you literally be everything. Thousands of things, from an electron or a planck length to an entire galaxy, from a penguin to a chess board. From a bacteria to a piece of hair. Imagine something and the chance is high that you will find it in this game. However, be prepared to face some serious philosophical questions about being, the universe and the meaning of life.For me Everything is one of the most interesting games I've ever played. It can be just funny to make a bunch of rocks dance a figure but on the other side it made me think a lot about these philosophical questions I mentioned.This game may not be suitable for everyone but if you just let it come up to you, you may be surprised about it.Definitely worth its money and a very exiting experience."
,Recommended,582270,32664538,Posted: 22 June,all,EXiTiUM,"This appears to be a ""game"" and a documentary combined. Very interesting. I'd love to see more like it."
76561198284383793,Recommended,582270,33160689,Posted: 2 July,all,DLC,"The Game was fun, and when I finally was able to be everything, I was proud. The open world aspect was intersting, and the fact that I coud cange from the size of a galaxy down to an atom and then smaller into a loop entertained me for hours."
76561197981867244,Recommended,582270,33229951,Posted: 4 July,all,DecadentBrambleBaron,"You might get the impression from the storm of YouTubers covering this game that it is some kind of YouTube fodder which gained an ironic popularity because the animals move in 90 degree rotations. That'd be a very false assumption, because there's a lot going on here. I'd say first and foremost, Everything is an edited collection of lectures by the philosopher who heavily inspired the Beat generation of authors and poets, Alan Watts. Hes something of a secular Buddhist skeptic who has a very interest idea about the nature of life, and what's featured really filled a lot of holes in my understanding of reality to this point. I was really expecting to play Everything and get some quirky perspective on someone's bizarre philosophy and play around with, mostly, a microbial stage. I enjoyed the game from top to bottom, every bit of it, though.Everything is not quite a game, but at the same time it's one of the most fun games I've ever played. There's no real gameplay, but there's a lot of it. It's very difficult to describe. Everything, and you do play as pretty much everything, wiggles and turns and zooms and honks and beeps and chirps and swarms and grows and clones and shrinks, and you can do a lot of things to everything. Despite that, there's not a lot you can do with just anything; some things don't even have proper collision with many other things. Somehow, though, it all works together and while it's never too serious, it is very sincere. Is this making sense? This game is almost indescribable, especially compared to any other game I've played. Essentially, though, it's like a walking simulator; especially The Beginner's Guide. And Just Cause 3, if you play that to mess around. It's like the exploration No Man's Sky if all the creatures were things you're already familiar with, or very much like the exploration in Space Engine (not Space Engineers). It's also a very collection-focused game. You collect everything, nothing, thoughts, audio entries. You're also changing the world in a very unexpected ways as you play; it's a bit of a god game.The lecture segments are not only spectacular in their own right, but the game seems to have been prepared by a master teacher, who gives you the right spartiality between audio segments and thoughts to really get the ideas of the lectures ingrained in your mind. I'd say there's on average about 7 minutes of gameplay between each ~2 minute lecture, durring which I sort of idled or fidgeted in the game and listened. It's a remarkable game for listening, as well, and I think, having finished all the in-game lectures as far as I know, I'll come back to play it while I listen to audio books.Everything really left an impression on me, and I think I'll keep coming back to it. I knew I'd like it before I even played it, and it certainly isn't for everyone. It's philosophies reinforced a lot of things I'd already thought of years ago, though never directly heard anyone else share. And yet, the theme of the game doesn't strictly hold to Watts' philsophy, and there's certainly the potential that you could play it and put your own audio over it, and never hear one of these lectures. If you're looking for an artsy game that'll make you cry, maybe this isn't it. It didn't make me cry, but I do feel like it opened up a new window to me and gave me some new stress management tools. Otherwise, fittingly, the more I describe Everything it sounds like I'm literally talking about everything. So, maybe I'll just stop here."
,Recommended,582270,31351014,Posted: 24 April,all,Q!,"A game for when you're sitting in the dark wrapped in a burrito blanket at 2AM and you feel like having a good cry about how big the universe is.If you go into this with a ""quest"" or ""completion"" mindset you're not really going to enjoy it. Just let it take you wherever it takes you and don't worry about collecting everything. Just explore."
76561197997954589,Recommended,582270,33261111,Posted: 4 July,all,jet_trooper192,"Everything is everything you don't want it to be and more! For that exact reason everything is exactly what you need it to be! If this game has taught me anything, it's that I like this game...and that you and me are the same, so you must like this game too for we essentially are the same. If you don't buy this game at least try this game. After all, you should try everything at least once!"
,Recommended,582270,33707180,Posted: 21 July,all,Creatismus,"I have so far only really completed the 'tutorial' (which is basically a campaign), but those few hours were amazing, and I actually had a few tears in my eye at the end. I hope I'll be returning to this often, it is a very pleasant experience just to walk around (or be walked around by autoplay) in these beautiful environments."
76561198065509209,Recommended,582270,33756047,Posted: 23 July,all,mullclay,"cerebral stimulation endlessly. do not play if you want mind numbing action and ""adrenaline"". Play this if you you're too lazy to read a book but want some sort of activity in your head..... ya dig???"
76561197962325772,Recommended,582270,33780362,Posted: 24 July,all,Don Quixote,"For younger audience (under 20), I would not recommend. This is great for those in mid-to-late twenties. Game is great for about 4-5 hours. If 10 dollars is worth that for you, I recommend it. It's cheaper than a mindless hollywood film. There's some beautiful moments that happen to you, but you have to let them happen."
,Recommended,582270,32949128,Posted: 28 June,all,Crustacean Soup,"I got roughly two hours out of this. It was nice. Alan Watts said a bunch of philosphical things to me while I pretended I was a tree. It helped me get through a godawful miserable migraine. Won't ever return to it, and I probably wouldn't call it agame, so that take as you will."
76561198134709919,Recommended,582270,33267789,Posted: 5 July,all,Pickletato,Mindblowingly thoughtful. 10/10.
76561198041437651,Recommended,582270,33213921,Posted: 3 July,all,Valentin,"Beautiful, deep, entertaining and educating, if you truly listen."
,Recommended,582270,32223602,Posted: 6 June,all,thegreatmagnifier,"Excellent game! It really makes you think and make you look at the world in a new light. The only con is that the galaxy area seriously drops the framrate on my device (AMD Graphics card, so makes sense) but other than that it's perrrfecto!"
76561198012104404,Recommended,582270,33362620,Posted: 7 July,all,Aluciel,"Fascinating, quirky little game with fantastic visuals.That you can go from microscopic to the size of a galaxy and back again is absolutely mind bending.I also adore the little snippets from Alan Watts. They are the perfect compliment to a completely thought provoking environment.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,582270,31735204,Posted: 13 May,all,Say.My.Name,"One of the first things which everybody should understand, is that every creature in the universe that is in any way sensitive and in any manner of speaking conscious, regards itself as human being. That has to say: it knows and is aware of a hierarchy of beings​ above it and a hierarchy of beings​ below it. If you take such a tiny creature as a fruit fly which lives only a few days, it is aware of all sorts of weird little animals and object and spores floating in the atmosphere, which we don't have notice unless we've got a microscope around, and it criticize​s them as being inferior animals- and all that sort of thing, whereas human being are things that it doesn't comprehend, they're as much outside its intellect as a quasar is outside ours, and we see these far off object floating in the heaven and we have only the vaguest of what they may be, but there is I think a fundamental principal that everybody must understand and that is the principal of relativity. That is to say that wherever you are and whoever you are and whatever you are you're in the middle. That's the gameI love it!"
,Recommended,582270,34891816,Posted: 11 September,all,Accursed,"Part philosophy class, part wandering around sim. I find the game to be relaxing and entertaining. I love the audio bits by Alan Watts, tho I do wonder about Mr Watts as a person.Recommended if you want a game that has you just relax and explore. Can be fustraiting at times as I've yet to get past it's desire for me to learn ""Flocking"" but the rest has been pleasant and unique."
76561198078801651,Recommended,582270,31478861,Posted: 30 April,all,Whither Canada?,"Everything is very therapeutic, meditative, and relaxing. Be sure to wear headphones while you play so as to further immerse yourself in the atmosphere. Alan Watts completes Everything. I'm not sure if it's more appropriate to say that Everything makes you feel at one with the universe or that you've transcended it."
,Recommended,582270,31287749,Posted: 21 April,all,[V101] Zach Wilson,Games are Art
76561198200975998,Recommended,582270,31835101,Posted: 18 May,all,cdh,"If this game isn't working for you, you're probably not dosing your shrooms/LSD high enough.(Note that the order doesn't necessarily matter: You can either drop and then play, or play and then drop. Either approach is likely synergistic.)"
,Recommended,582270,32186841,Posted: 4 June,all,FlavorMan,"On a list of games that are like getting high and drunk at the same time and then reading a book about the universe - Everything would be at the top.This game is spectacular, it combines satisfying gameplay that is both cute and funny, a beautiful asthetic, and some deep phsychology (by Allan Watts) to make one of the most introspective and cathartic experiences that can be found in the video gaming industry. Yep, this is a good game.(PS. I would definitely recommend playing this game with a controller, its how the game was designed and it feels so much nicer.)"
,Recommended,582270,31289168,Posted: 21 April,all,Gilgamesh,"Wow.  I was really surprised that I would be introduced into my weekend this way!  This game is clearly not meant for everyone and the buzzword I've seen in these reviews is 'philosophical.'  If I had to describe it I would say it's an existential, metaphysically esoteric Katamari Damacy.  I left the room for 5 minutes to pee and I came back to a completely different world.  There is an immediate, stark distinction that this is game is setting itself apart.  It's worth it to check it out."
,Recommended,582270,31882696,Posted: 21 May,all,Threskiornis moluccus,everything i could have asked for
76561198045444243,Recommended,582270,31320967,Posted: 23 April,all,Aelfscyne,"Innovative game that has some great ""wow"" moments.  As with other procedural games though, you become jaded fairly quickly with the content.  Everything will provide you with a few hours of solid gameplay but then you'll find yourself rather bored.  But I recommend buying as the ""wow"" moments are worth the price."
76561198206378143,Recommended,582270,33013361,Posted: 29 June,all,kosma7,Everything in this world is seeing itself as a human being.. as a human being.. as a human being.. as a human being..
,Recommended,582270,31474097,Posted: 30 April,all,elkopflaster,THIS IS EVERYTHING
,Recommended,582270,31425454,Posted: 28 April,all,🍌CBw/C🍌,this is the one true game
76561198045520608,Recommended,582270,31344530,Posted: 24 April,all,Elder Fork,"This is the first game that I fel is worthy of a review. It is hard to explain exactly what this game is, because it is hardly a game. It is more of an experience. From being a small particle in the ground to the largest thing known to the universe, this THING is simply amazing. I have only been about 5 % of the things you can be so far, and I look forward to many more hours I can log in this game."
76561198052182092,Recommended,582270,31324324,Posted: 23 April,all,CptTime,"This mind-bending simulator of life, the universe, and Everything is a wonderfully surreal journey. Hours and hours of calming gameplay, if you can truly call this goalless, motivationless walkabout gameplay. I recommend for anyone who suffers from anxiety, like myself."
76561198030882681,Not Recommended,582270,33768244,Posted: 24 July,all,Hangfire,"Mind blowing OST, but the 'game' itself is an exercise in frustration. The 'narration', so amazing in the promo video, is scattered around in micro clips like some sort of mini game. For myself, I came to chill out, not hunt the pickup.No, I havn't 'played' enough to unlock the 'autoplay' mode in the hope that that is the more passive and relaxing experience I 'm looking for, but it was really just the Alan Watts lectures I was sold on in the first place.First class OST, hoping a future patch gives me the cinematic trip I was looking for or that the lectures show up in some other format."
,Recommended,582270,33743899,Posted: 23 July,all,mdcraft*****,"Only recommend on sale for maybe $1-3 bucks. I can see it's potential for relaxing appeal but it's not worth the price point (I bought it on sale for $9 bucks and refunded it after (roughly) 30 minuets of play.If you can get this for around the 1-3 dollar range, then it's worth it."
,Recommended,582270,33825903,Posted: 27 July,all,Sir Toastie,"First I was a deer, then I was a snowflake, then an atom, and then a quark, and then I descended into a recursive universe, and then I found myself and cried a little.10/10 happiest existential crisis I've ever had."
,Recommended,582270,31472640,Posted: 30 April,all,Schmuck Goblin,"I became things I had no idea existed, like science stuff."
76561198079507023,Recommended,582270,31499936,Posted: 1 May,all,BOXES FULLA PEPE,"Fascinating and extremely unique game. Very good if you just want to relax and think about existence.One of the best things I found about this game was that it throws you right in and lets you go at your own pace while still having somewhat of an overarching goal. However, once the tutorial/story is finished it lets you decide your own path which is exciting at first but becomes somewhat repetitive and non-commital. Like there's no longer a slight direction you're going in and instead it becomes a collect-a-thon of becoming every entity the game offers (I get that the goal is to become everything but still).I very often found myself revisiting planets and galaxies over and over without any new content being created. I understand there is only so much you can randomly generate, but again after a while it was just me searching the corners of where I had already been trying to fill the acheivements.At the end of the ""story"" arc when you're in that sort of 'other place' with all the lost entites telling you of all the missteps in their existence, where-as prior every thing was telling you how satisfied they were, was such a major and interesting flip that I feel could have been explored more.Regardless, this was still an incredibly engaging and thought provoking game that, albiet for a short time, was worth playing."
,Recommended,582270,33596468,Posted: 16 July,all,Nateb1121,"I... I... I don't really know who or what I am anymore...This game is a great piece of art with a brilliant soundtrack and narration. The 'story' and mechanics of the game really invoke a profound sense of thoughtfulness and make you question your place in this universe. The controls are easy, the game is drop dead gorgeous*, and there's a lot to do if you like to explore.8.5/10 Would recommend to a friend, and for the price, you can't beat it.(* Gorgeous for the aesthetic it's trying to achieve. It's not hyper realistic but the developers knew their limitations and worked fabulously within them. The landscapes and everything work well together and it really works together)"
,Recommended,582270,34867781,Posted: 10 September,all,ilov3rice58,"This game is a paradigm changer. At first starting out I had no idea what to do for a long time, but then it all made sense."
,Recommended,582270,33657897,Posted: 19 July,all,Tabascofanatikerin,"Hey, have you ever heard of such marvellous animated shorts like ""The External World"", ""XYZ RGB"" or ""The Horse raised by Spheres""?Or do you remember that little rude alien game character in the movie ""Her""? Or that weirdass CGI animated ""Adventure Time"" episode ""A Glitch is a Glitch""?Well, here we have a game made by the same creater: ""Everything"" by David O'Reilly.In ""Everything"" you pretty much explore...everything. From the tiniest atom to big galaxies.See it as a simulation game with the focus on exploring things and philosophy. It's not about action, fighting or killing enemies. It's also not about building worlds because everything's already here for you.You transform into anything you get to discover and collect every creature/item of all categories (animals, insects, atoms, buildings, etc. etc...).So you see, it's not about adrenalin or action. It's rather a relaxing game.Also you can't do much, no matter what you transforming into. You can move through the environment, bond with creatures or things of your kind or a similar kind, dance (yeah, dance), listen to what others have to say about life as well as listen to audio clips of speeches by philosopher Alan Watts (1915 - 1973) about life, death and the way we look at all of this.So what's the appeal of this game?First: It's the fun of collecting. It's becoming a goal to get all things in every category to complete them to 100%.You also can collecting 36 achievements. A couple of them are insanely easy to get, they're quite basic. Others...not entirely. But it's fun trying crazy things out in order to get them.And even though the number of your actions is rather limited, you can spot a lot of surprises and mindf*cks on another continent, on another planet, in other dimensions or just right around the corner. Which allows humouros but also inspiring and stunning moments to happen.And speaking of inspiring: You should really try to listen to all the Alan Watts audio clips because they are really wonderful to listen to, wether you're into philosophy or not.Doesn't the game have boring or disappointing moments? Well, more like boring, yeah.Not all the time, thank God. However, after a couple of hours you might be bored by the same actions you do over and over again (no matter where and as what) and you might notice that a lot of thoughts by other creatures/items repeat at some point.And as I said: If you're bored easily by games without any action or even a story, ""Everything"" just ain't your game.The gameplay is very neat. The controls are easy to learn and you can easily keep track what creatures/items you have already checked out and which ones not so far.There are options like turning in something else wherever you are (like from oxygen to an elephant or the other way around), bond with other things, dance with them, getting smaller or bigger...and the menue allows you to save anytime, listen to the audio clips again, read all collected thoughts again and see wThe graphics, admittingly, aren't glorious but the creatures are clearly David O'Reilly's style and the rest (the environments, etc.) fit to them. Honestly, yeah, with better graphics this would be even more awesome but it's fine. And I have hardly discovered glitches.The music is very beautiful whenever it comes up. It's more like relaxing background music, often fitting to the environment you're currently in. It's also full of sounds, because every creature, atom, world, item, etcs...has its own sound.All in all: You really might like this if you wanna relax and explore during a game and don't mind getting your mind humped once and a while. See the world with many different eyes."
,Recommended,582270,33613752,Posted: 17 July,all,Gromka,I bought the game just to play when me and my friends high. I dont regret a penny.
76561198006678330,Recommended,582270,31318488,Posted: 23 April,all,scivian,"Everything - A Philosophical Review of a MasterpieceThe title says it all, its a Masterpiece. I recommend buying this as a gift for all your friends and family because it so valuable.Here is a philosophical video review, that is also part gameplay guide.https://youtu.be/6hCZyub7_v8(Most of my experience has come from the console version)"
,Recommended,582270,31315162,Posted: 23 April,all,Dangerous Tangerine,didn't realise that this game was in my cart.accidentally bought it.damn it's deep10/10
,Not Recommended,582270,31911052,Posted: 22 May,all,Rye,"I'm really mixed on this game. I could have watched someone play it and gone through the same exact story, but at the same time I would not have experienced this game the same had I not been in control. This game gives so much freedom, but the lands to explore are so repetitive and small that I can't help but be bored within hours.Pros:-Easy to play-Intruiging atmosphere and stunning music-Really nice if you're tripping-Audio recordings are a nice little touch and completely optional.Cons:-Limited gameplay-Not a very sandbox-ey feel-Easy to get bored after having explored a majority of the game-Animations ruin the authentic mood-Audio recordings are kind of dumb, philosophies that don't make sense or relate to the game.Overall, I enjoyed the time I had with this game. In all honesty though, it could use a lot more things to do."
76561198051714270,Recommended,582270,31332374,Posted: 23 April,all,numbertwopencil,"I have some problems with the pacing of the tutorial/text/audio and the controls were a bit wonky for me (on a laptop trackpad, a controller might be boss) and . . . and . . . and . . . I've been exposed to Alan Watts before and never found him particularly interesting and I'm still not sure I do  . . . and I wish there was a way to input new things, a workshop of some sort . . . but . . . but . . . but even with those serious caveats, I liked Everything, I really liked it. I'm happy I spent $12 on it and I was delighted by the five hours I spent playing with my son.Some people aren't going to like it, it's not Gears of War. Some people have already thought the thoughts you think in Everything and some people might find the aesthetic unpleasant or difficult but for people who are used to sitting down with a book, say, or going to Quaker meeting, or singing in a choir, or tangling with a math problem, Everything will be an engaging couple of hours. If you've liked, say, The Witness, Stephen's Sausage Roll, Gary's Mod, Minecraft, Proteus, Mountain, No Man's Sky (without guns or money) or similar world building-puzzle games, I think you'll like Everything.I'm not sure I'll end up playing many more hours. (Though if there's DLC or workshop mods in the future, I'll definitely check in.) I still don't much care for Alan Watts and Everthing is my top four games I've played this year :) Very few games in my Steam account survive that kind of handicap."
,Recommended,582270,31370345,Posted: 25 April,all,drew2319,"This is the kind of game that makes you think for a while about life, and what you are and where you are in the world. If you want a fun, exciting experience, look elsewhere. If you want to sit back and think about the universe...this is the game for you."
,Recommended,582270,31387311,Posted: 26 April,all,вражеский танк,"You don't have to be on drugs to play this game, but it definitely helps."
,Recommended,582270,31325822,Posted: 23 April,all,jrhoak,Inspired me to download the lectures and books of Alan Watts. I've never thought about a game afterwards as much as I've thought about Everything.
76561197994101685,Recommended,582270,31292146,Posted: 22 April,all,Agent of Kharma,"i do not know how to describe this program accurately. i define it as a program and not a game because there does not seem to be any win or loss condition, there are no adversaries, and i only ran into one puzzle that required solving.so far it has been incredibly enjoyable, but i couldn't describe it as fun or exciting. it is something like a journey of the mind and spirit. i am not done exploring yet and i look forward to traveling even further down the rabbit hole."
76561197996208163,Recommended,582270,34074279,Posted: 6 August,all,Lundivar,"Quite a journey...  Just go for it.Whatever it is, whatever you do.Cryptic enough?  So is this experience, not a game.  I like it though, so I dance."
76561197992682321,Recommended,582270,31322124,Posted: 23 April,all,Papyrus_Tigris,"It's like Spore and Katamari Damacy fell in love and had a baby that inherited all their best traits, and then one day that baby started clunkily rolling around its toys on the floor while listening to Alan Watts on the radio.I love it. If you want to try something different, give it a shot. If you want to support developers who put a ton of thought and effort into making an experience that would be worth your time, this is definitely a candidate. If you want to gather a herd of elephants that roll like boxes, or fly a planet through a solar system, or inhabit Planck's constant and *sing* to others in 1-dimensional space, well, here's your chance.Also, don't waste your time reading other people's opinions on whether it's a game or something else, or whether it's deep or shallow, or if the graphics and gameplay are cheap shortcuts or meaningful parts of a fully designed experience. Doesn't matter. Maybe it's a Skinner Box like most other games, maybe not. I found it fun and engrossing, and I think you should give it a shot."
,Recommended,582270,31285524,Posted: 21 April,all,テレパシー能力者,There is some sort of beautiful irony that this game appears to have been designed and tested for people who are napping.
,Recommended,582270,33706443,Posted: 21 July,all,randolf,"There's a little bit more to it, but this is also the greatest screensaver ever made."
,Recommended,582270,31287653,Posted: 21 April,all,SushiDivision,Any game that lets me spontaneously create and control a group of screaming underwater chimpanzees is a 10 in my book
,Recommended,582270,31352990,Posted: 25 April,all,Electro Antenna Doggo,Everything confuses me.
76561198292903110,Recommended,582270,31287852,Posted: 21 April,all,Lint,"First I was a pebble. I rolled and rolled. I became bored of being a pebble so I became a flower. I made buds sprout out of the ground and I sang with the trees and the leaves. But then I saw a penguin so I said to myself what the heck and then I became a penguin. I waddled till the ends of the earth until I saw a gigantic tree. So I became tree. I traveled fast and formed a herd. With me and my tree gang we discovered mountains and vast waters but it was not enough. So I became a cloud. I looked down on everything and everyone but that still was not enough. So I became land. I could shift the earth as I pleased. I moved mountains and pushed water. But that still was not enough for me. So I became Earth. I traveled through the stars until I became the sun. I could move light years at a time but then I got bored. So I became the galaxy. I could see shooting stars planets the sun. I could see it all. I became huge shapes prisons, cubes, triangles lights flashed before my eyes and then everything went fuzzy. And I was a pebble once again... and that was enough...10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,582270,31284406,Posted: 21 April,all,Holt,"Never have i felt such a mix of emotions while playing a game, the sense of scale, and the messages Everything deliver are amazing.The lectures by Alan Watts that are featured are all thought provoking and drive the games narrative.Everything is less of a game and more of an experience. I loved it from start to finish and i'm sure i'll return to it time and time again.10/10"
76561198009382816,Not Recommended,582270,31795418,Posted: 16 May,all,HikaruYouGuys,"Cute, but repetitive after the first ten minutes. No clear objectives."
76561197984269843,Recommended,582270,34723812,Posted: 3 September,all,jinnantonix,"Everything ""Spore"" should have been and then some.  What a great concept.  Only played an hour and I love this game.  It's not riveting combat, it doesn't present hours of adrenaline-filled shooting.  Just you and the universe, taking things in from different perspectives.  Truly ingenious."
76561197989634916,Not Recommended,582270,32297696,Posted: 9 June,all,Malkavian Megalosaurus,"Played it for about 20 minutes, so far 10 of those were waiting for the tutorial to allow me to become smaller objects, then wait 7 minutes before I can become something bigger and then 5 minutes of fannying about.The game might have some ""deeper"" meaning, but frankly I don't care much for what it is when a rock tells me that it can't wait to get a bath or an elephant wants it to be eternally dark.Although I like the concept of the game it does a lot to annoy as well. Dialogue with plants/rocks/animals/whatever isn't exactly top notch. The tutorial blocks controls until it deems you worthy of them. Though I like the idea of a philosopher talking about ideas the soundrecordings come of as dry, devoid of energy and at times monotonous."
,Not Recommended,582270,33735607,Posted: 22 July,all,Adylus Prime,"Imagine the most boring walking simulator you can, and then multiply that a 100x"
76561197989132185,Recommended,582270,31279607,Posted: 21 April,all,pulp-reduced,"I can't make myself into an amicable entity in the process of writing something that is in many ways negative. Because I both hate and love Everything, perhaps you could also extend that to “everything” as a concept with whatever intentional quality you want to give it, if you want to give it one – or two (I do not). But what I love is the total negation of what this game represents, because to say it represents something would be an error, considering the philosophy this game espouses.In a Humean fashion I'd like to ask where this interconnectivity of the “everything” is. How is this supposed idea available to us, and can it at all be ascribed to anything we'd call evidence? Where is the connection between you and I, that we are assuming exists? Of course there is no answer to this. And in a way that is all we need to make this otherworldly idea crumble and disappear forever as another case of absurdity.You are an entity, a singular being, you are different. Here is the key, actually! DIFFERENCE. Difference is a concept contemporary philosophers use, most noteworthy of them is perhaps Deleuze, at least according to me. Difference is inherently there, intuitively available to us as human beings. When you put the human being as the negator of Everything, due to its willingness to delimit (by thinking or through acting-in-the-world), you have contradicted yourself. Surely if Everything is an attribute of the infinite interconnected substance of “everything” or God, in Spinoza's case, even the ideational aspects of everything have a place in this interconnected everything, and cannot possibly contradict the Everything.But it's easy to get ahead of oneself when the goal is existential, not epistemological. Or when you are writing a review of a game you feel terribly conflicted about. I accept the limits of my being, because I feel them, and I know them. There is a horizon that extends, a phenomenological difference and eidetic world right in front of me, with variance. The particular, as opposed to everything, is self-evident, whereas “Everything” is indefinite nonsense.A notion of Everything will not spare you from dying, or the horrors of pain, or the loneliness you feel. Because togetherness does not arise with a stone, it comes from substantial interactions. And that is another important aspect: the concept substantial interactions. The idea of a togetherness of everything is meaningless, it has no content, no connective tissue. We are speaking of an empty ghost, a flatus vocis, a desperate attempt to make the angst of emptiness vanish.It is easy to fool people with comportment that displays signs of certainty. A good speaker can make you believe and make inspiration be the source of an idea, not any type of rationality, or ground of thought, logic, etc. Not to say you have to value logic, but there should at least be some kind of attempt to explain oneself. But of course, you don't have to, if we all know what the other knows, and so on. But we clearly don't. When people speak of time being infinite, they show they have no idea what time is. It's some Kantian turn that makes time into a transcendent concept. But in reality, change comes first, the measurement comes after difference, and it is a mistake to ignore the temporality or sequentiality of events.Quietism as a life philosophy is a very sad thing to imagine. Only death makes you one with the inert and inanimate, but why would anyone want that? Why should the fact that parts of our bodies are “Such stuff that stars are made of” prove that we are one with anything else? Do we not understand this simply as a categorical relationship? Because that is what the eternal togetherness of everything boils down to, saying, or thinking, that “this X and Y both exist”. It is our notion of existence that binds disparate objects, the same way it is our notion of difference or categorization that separates them.To think there is some apodictic connection is to mistake human thought for more than what it is, or what it can be. Everything, the game and the concept, operate under assumptions that have no basis in anything, that can't have a basis in anything, because they are coming from a point of absolute limitation. Thoughts cannot extend, they are not physical, they are not powerful in any sense; and the same goes for their expressions, for language and any semiotics whatsoever.This is a mindset that was epitomized with Spinoza, and was reawakened by philosophers that took inspiration from it, but made it nuanced and grounded after the German idealists and the phenomenologists. If you want to ponder the togetherness of things with any foundation or any philosophical relevance, look into people like Spinoza, Merleau-Ponty and Deleuze.Because undeniably there are things, we experience them all the time. They are immediately there before us in the sequentiality of the sphere of phenomenological experience. The fact that there is recognition, for example, is a denial of the notion of Everything.But of course, this is not a philosophy of apodicticity. This is spirituality. Everything (the game) disregards necessity for ethics or non-philosophy. But if quietism is the goal, why creatively express yourself? If you believe in these ideas, why do anything? It is truly an otherworldly concept that this game expresses. And it is uncertain with what levels of intensity I should relate to it and its ideas. In reality it is a game where you roll around as animal and do nothing in particular.I enjoy all of it. I enjoy the absurdity, in the sense of it being a logical contradiction. I enjoy the limitation of thought, and how thought delimits and delineates. I enjoy breaking the limits of thought for another limit. And if this is an eternal recurrence, so be it. I will not try to think beyond myself for the sake of thinking beyond myself. The effort itself is a sad state of affairs. Why are you not satisfied? Why are you so unhappy with being human? Why are you so afraid of thinking what being human means? What it means to write these signs on this screen for others to see? And so on. What scares you about death so much that you have to be one with everything before you are dead? Why do you have to be inanimate before you are inanimate? Why do you incessantly beg for indifference or infinite love or togetherness? Why do we need a connection? Why is this something you look for?These ideas are presented in a way that makes you think they are grounded. We make a quick reference to science, and then we have their attention and trust. But science cannot answer these things, science does not speak for notion of Everything, because at the core of science lies methods and efforts and limitations of thought that contradict everything eastern thought stands for.But whatever, who cares about philosophy. At its core, this is a game, not a philosophical treatise. And as a game it is incredibly interesting. It did not bore me, the way I was expecting. There was something interesting to the movement of the game, and the way it filled the time spent on it with mindless acts. It's a meditative game, certainly. Ian Bogost calls it Zen games. Which fits the theme of Everything, I suppose, quite well. (Continuation in the comments)But I think it fails to truly be what it posits in terms of its philosophy. There is a ludophilosophical dissonance, as the kids call it. Because there is no perspective other than the one you have right now. This is the only self-evident perspective you will ever have. These things may depend on how you define each word in these sentences, yes, sure, all is relative apart from relativity which makes not everything relative which makes the initial notion of the relativity of everything into a contradiction. But ultimately you are free to do whatever you want with your thoughts, you are free to be wrong, there is nothing to fear in error. (Continuation in the comments)"
,Recommended,582270,31291038,Posted: 22 April,all,Devil of Hell's kitchen,Play as atom or animal or planet or galaxy or space or everything.
76561198145747418,Recommended,582270,31331095,Posted: 23 April,all,Frappy,"Have you ever thought about being something else? How about being a bear? Perhaps a horse? How about a rock?If you've always wanted to be a planet, galaxy or universe; then this game is for you. You can be all these things and explore the cosmos at will. For instance; you can be a galaxy; comingle with other galaxies and even create new galaxies. Once you created one you can explore all the planets, continents, animals and plants that reside in that galaxy.The visuals are beautiful and very engaging. Whether you’re taking in the beautiful greenery on land or perhaps overlooking the beautiful colors in space; it will enrapture your eyes in a visual ecstasy. Exploring space is a colorful adventure and traveling on land is a breathtaking journey through nature. All things considered; the graphics are beautiful, but by no means think you're going to see high resolution visuals.This game takes simple visuals and combines them into a masterpiece. Some may think the graphics are outdated; but in reality they're no more outdated then the Mona Lisa is to the art community. Classical visuals can be utilized to create beautiful works of art.Throughout the game you'll be guided through life with Alan Watts. His words will help connect you to the process of life and create a newfound sense of appreciation of the majesty of creation. You'll be catapulted into a state of being that shows the majesty within and without. A place where thoughts and things coexist as one.If you’re looking for a game that deviates from the norm and doesn't embody violence; then this is the game for you. This is a game of exploration, discovery, beauty and transformation. If you clear your mind of all expectations and have no pre-conceived ideas about what it should be like, then you'll enjoy this wonderful journey. This is a perfect game to play with your young children; especially ages 6-12, but it also has something to offer for the older audiences as well.So what are you waiting for? Join in the fun and discover what it’s like to be everything!"
,Recommended,582270,31290471,Posted: 21 April,all,Siilph,"Played game, was pig, ended up having a brain aneurysm over my identity crisis"
,Recommended,582270,31327046,Posted: 23 April,all,The Freezing Chicken,This game is pure art. Nothing else to say.
,Recommended,582270,31299317,Posted: 22 April,all,Solidev,"You just ""play"" and stuff  just happens and its amazing. You cant really describe it, only be it."
,Recommended,582270,31300821,Posted: 22 April,all,Charroger,"Only true games have played everything, it's a hard and daunting task. Yet I feel like my life is empty because i exprience everything there is to offer."
,Recommended,582270,31425526,Posted: 28 April,all,my dog are eyes,You havent seen life untill you see everything.You havent seen everything untill you have seen everything.You cannot see untill you have seen everything.You must not live uless you play everything.
,Recommended,582270,31617498,Posted: 7 May,all,Mister Dragon,This game made me rethink life11/10 Would play again
76561198084770206,Recommended,582270,31515891,Posted: 2 May,all,Shag,"What a neat lil game. Well, it isnt exactly a game, with a clear objective, its more like something you would play while under  the influence of illegal substances. Honestly, this game gets kinda deep and cool, very relaxing, chill game.....will continue to waste time with it."
,Recommended,582270,31571855,Posted: 5 May,all,UselessVempt,This game really makes you think.It gets really deep at times.
76561198073526196,Recommended,582270,31329600,Posted: 23 April,all,Darksidegunner9,"Almost the smallest thing in the universe made me question my very existence,even a rock did that. This game is 10/10 good OST,Graphics,and existenial crisis."
,Recommended,582270,31760023,Posted: 14 May,all,LordMoonstone,"This game is the best exploration of a philosophy I've seen. With no expectations launched into a fully-realized paradigm shift, this game is profound, evocative, and stunning. As a meditative experience it thrives, as a game it sometimes faulters. There's a lack of presence and the limits of the game become more evident as you play, but it still manages to surprise in unique ways. As an analogue for Alan Watts's ideology, it forces players to take things for as they are, not only in the game but outside of it. It's actually rather therapeutic.I can't recommend this game enough, but it's certainly not for everybody. As a ""game"" it has severe limitations, but as an experience it is simply unmatched. Go in with patience and you'll come out dearly rewarded."
76561197971097329,Recommended,582270,32691542,Posted: 23 June,all,SomethingCoolBro,"This 'game' won't be for everyone, but for anyone who has read and enjoyed a modern philsophy book, this is the gaming equivalent.  It's a relaxing doorway into removing the idea of the 'self' or 'I', an eastern philosophy that has way more merit than anything monotheism has to offer.10/10 would become one with everything again."
,Recommended,582270,33067893,Posted: 30 June,all,A Lonely Weed,game would be good with some LSD
76561198070585510,Recommended,582270,31296673,Posted: 22 April,all,Something,A deep philosophical experience.
76561198159030708,Recommended,582270,33436355,Posted: 10 July,all,classicskye,"This game just has too many things. I know it's called ""Everything"" but I didn't realize it would actually have EVERY thing! I've been playing this game for hours and I've not even gotten half way. I've 100% Donkey Kong Country 64, that game pales in comparison to how much you have to collect in this game. I liked being the poop tho 10/10"
,Recommended,582270,31319353,Posted: 23 April,all,Indeed. I believe so.,This game is EVERYTHING I've wanted. ;)
,Recommended,582270,31320639,Posted: 23 April,all,⛧мᴿвᴼzᴬcᴷ⛧,"+ Everything from ""submicroscopic THINGS"" to ""larger than galaxy THINGS"".+ Dancing THINGS.+ Freedom to play how you like, for as long as you like.+ Other THINGS.- Not the most well thought out control system, but it works.- I'm not a fan of rolling animal animations.- Possibly has a limited lifespan. Time will tell...- I feel it could have been better with a little more effort."
,Recommended,582270,31318951,Posted: 23 April,all,klmnz,"A thinking man's game that is also somehow addictive, a remarkable achievement. The less spoiled the better, but a couple of moments left me wide eyed."
,Recommended,582270,33601318,Posted: 16 July,all,Khufu,"Everything was everything I thought it could be. Nihilism, existentialism, rationalism, all wrapped up in a non-toxic bag of fortune cookies. Don't believe anyone who says anything about anything. All of the answers are right in front you, if you know where to look."
,Recommended,582270,31372955,Posted: 26 April,all,8Z,"Everything is less of a game, but more of an experience, as you jump from object to creature, from one sentience to another, exploring, singing, dancing, and existing.If you adore a peaceful and accepting world, Everything is for you."
,Recommended,582270,32802639,Posted: 25 June,all,Yeti-kun ★,"I can't stop playing this game. You can make it philisophical, hilarious, or serious. I also loved the fact that you can turn galaxies into baby seals. Should you buy it? HELL YES!"
,Recommended,582270,31530783,Posted: 3 May,all,A Murder of Apes,For such a simple concept it's one of the best games I've played. And you don't need a monster gaming rig to run it.
,Recommended,582270,31329367,Posted: 23 April,all,Jeneric,Its one hell of a Journey.
76561198142419917,Recommended,582270,31329719,Posted: 23 April,all,TitanWave,"This game is seriously just so amazing to just play and relax, and it doesnt really ever get boring because there's literally about an infinite amount of things to be, things to find, and its really great. HIGHLY RECOMMEND"
,Not Recommended,582270,31383189,Posted: 26 April,all,KookedKarots,"I liked this game. i thought it was neat idea, but theres nothing to do but walk around. maybe if it was like $5 or so id buy it but i refunded after 2 hours because id rather have my $12 i spent"
,Recommended,582270,31343153,Posted: 24 April,all,NOVAx100,"This game is amazing!https://youtu.be/A_DthQO9uC4It really messes with your mind the further you play along. The premise of the game is that all things are connected, things being objects, land masses, planets, galaxies, particles, quantum particles are all interconnected. Existance is cyclical, indefinitely. It's fantastic, and as far as I can tell there is no end to this game.If you enjoy exploring, and philisophical thought, then you will find value in this game.Wow. 8/10 I think. It could be refined and expanded of course, but it's great just as it stands. Check it out, I don't think you'll regret it.EDIT: Punctuation"
,Recommended,582270,31296992,Posted: 22 April,all,SoulfulPumpkin,"""Everything"" is a unique and thought-provoking game. It allows you to step out of your own shoes, and see the world from every single object in the game.Like ""Mountain"", ""Everything"" is a game that is not for everyone. Only a minority will be able to experience the game for what it is. There are no ""levels"", no ""experience"", no progression, just turning into mushrooms and dancing.It is, like ""Mountain"", a very relaxing game. Unlike ""Mountian"", there is more player input. You move continents, whole galaxies, where you feel in control.The game's bizarre animations, movement, and representation of each object allows you to fill in the details yourself. While in real like, polar bears to not move by doing static backflips, but this instead allows you to focus more on your surroundings, than yourself.The amount of things in this game is staggering, ranging from hydrogen atons, to whole star systems, each with their unique look, song, movement, and dance. You easily get lost in the world.Overall, this game is unique for it's ideas, and how it conveys those ideas. I am so glad this game made it onto PC."
76561198103866293,Recommended,582270,31309377,Posted: 22 April,all,ElDuderino,Mountain with philosopical speeches from withness added in open world where you can be everything really. Great fun and relaxing experience.
76561198143030878,Recommended,582270,31297654,Posted: 22 April,all,blumenleere,"This is the kind of game I was hoping for, for a long time. I once read a comic Jodorowsky wrote; I don't exactly remember which one it was - I think it was in ""Les technopères"" -, there someone created a game, where you just had to explore, no fighting, no hate, no war, no judgment, no pressure. And deep in the mist of the game, there was buried a secret, a secret that let the players get on the right way, away from an intolerant society.This games reminds me of that. Just playing the game makes me happy; you explore and find new interesting perspectives, great music, by the way. And that's all there is to say for me!"
,Recommended,582270,31348148,Posted: 24 April,all,EndonemicLormes ~,"LSD simulator 2017, One moment i was a sheep the next i was a bacteria. 2 words to describe this game ""whoa man"""
,Recommended,582270,32960077,Posted: 28 June,all,Kahoot Gamer,"Pretty cool game. Also made me have an existential crisis. For a game developed by a small team, it contains a lot to explore."
76561198030898138,Recommended,582270,33106523,Posted: 1 July,all,WASADSWAD,"A game that allows you to change perspectives, which may change your perspective. A beautiful work of art in both its philosophy and delivery."
76561198170422038,Recommended,582270,33111267,Posted: 1 July,all,Cellestial Moustache,"This game is a deep philosophical, scienific, mathematic, and artistic view at looking at existence itself. If you are looking for a relaxing enlightening journey, then Everything just my be for you."
,Recommended,582270,31347726,Posted: 24 April,all,FransisKransis,The crown jewel of absurdism and existentialism in the interactive media.
76561198037039725,Recommended,582270,31352126,Posted: 24 April,all,Pickle Rick,I Really shouldn't have played this game while high.
,Recommended,582270,32898040,Posted: 27 June,all,Denny,"I was in awe when I played this game for the first time. What a brilliant, original title. Everything is a very meditative unique game and was definitely worth the sale price."
76561198147449191,Not Recommended,582270,33741948,Posted: 23 July,all,dazzla79,"Great concept, love the graphics and controls. I think it would be better though if it had an easy to understand story instead of the confusing audio clips and what are these disasters that are happening every second of every minute. Please fix and i will recommend."
,Recommended,582270,31308350,Posted: 22 April,all,wil son,this game is a completionist's hell but it's beautiful and i keep wanting to play it
,Recommended,582270,31285559,Posted: 21 April,all,ResidualChaos,Everything is... Everything. I am 100% in love with this game. If you don't get it then you don't get. That's fine. It's not for you. Only it is. Because it's for everyone. Because it is everyone... *falls down the rabbit hole*
,Recommended,582270,31285603,Posted: 21 April,all,Cosmic,"Everything is a very thought provoking game that really enlightens the player.I played it and really lost myself in the gameplay and it really relaxed me, almost like meditation.Play it if you haven't already!"
76561198286835953,Recommended,582270,31285420,Posted: 21 April,all,John F Kennedy,wtf is this rolling around to move.
,Recommended,582270,31465223,Posted: 30 April,all,Lycanthropic Paranoia,The only game where you can be a dancing giraffe.
,Recommended,582270,31478463,Posted: 30 April,all,Kvasy,This game has EVERYTHING.I find myself quite entertained.
,Recommended,582270,33630196,Posted: 18 July,all,Chonto,dance and sing your way into being
,Recommended,582270,31297616,Posted: 22 April,all,Labamba,Pros:+Alan Watts is the speaker in this game+Smooth fps+Philosophical concept+Great sense of humor+Revolutionary animal movement+You can play literally as everything as how mentioned+Great DoF effect+Extremely beautiful soundtrackCons:-Motion sickness after half an hour or more
,Recommended,582270,34940442,Posted: 13 September,all,trophytroll,-Plays everything-Gets a major in philosophy-Gets a minor in memes.
,Recommended,582270,31324305,Posted: 23 April,all,mahlie,it made me think.it made me feel.it made me laugh.it made me cry.it made me forget.it made me see.i love you.
,Recommended,582270,31760234,Posted: 14 May,all,Parasight,"Many few games make you question life itself, but this game certainly delivers.LSD not included."
,Recommended,582270,33737812,Posted: 22 July,all,anipet,"I was very skeptical about getting this game and today with the special I decided to give it a chance... boy I was in for a surprise, I've never played a game that got so philosophical and in the process taught me a couple of lessons and pumped so much motivation into me :)trying to get it inside somekind of genre, I would say it's a type of collect it all game.. but the experience, the sounds, the ways it gets in your head to have you see the world and your involvement in it in a new light.. wow, that part I definitely enjoyed and wasn't at all expecting. Thanks, everything."
76561198128887038,Recommended,582270,34939067,Posted: 13 September,all,Planetfall Survivor X,"It's interesting. It's not for everyone, but you know, strokes & folks. If one can deal with a zero violence, educational game with interesting narration, meaning college lectures of philosophy, specifically metaphysics (at least that's what I got so far), hypnotic soundtrack, okay graphics and not that much to actually do, give it a shot. The ""not that much to do"" might be the biggest problem about ""Everything"". There are dozens of various environments, from simple desert landscapes, to space, cities and even molecular realms. These realms are inhabited by everything one could expect to encounter in such a specific place, eg turtles, vultures, palm trees or rocks etc in a desert realm and all of that can be played/""warped"" into. What can be done in any form is rather limited and is summed up to wander, look, read, listen, ""warp"" around, make sounds and mingle. Maybe more abilities are added later in game, but it will hardly matter as ""the main goal"" seams to simply be/exist and explore, contemplate on existence in its multitudes of forms.In general, I recommend ""Everything"", because the idea and concept is in the least well meant. At the same time I'd ask for modest expectations regarding overall thrill."
,Recommended,582270,31281008,Posted: 21 April,all,🎼ԁouglasаdams,"Love the Everything so much! :,) You can see this is truly crafted with passion. This sounds weird but somehow the game knows more about me than myself. :8bitheart:This game will have such a huge impact on you and is definitely worth getting."
,Not Recommended,582270,31331070,Posted: 23 April,all,PlasteredDragon,"Gawd this game is boring.  It's a walking simulator on steroids.  Walk around while random thoughts and pretentious nonsense are lobbed at you by various objects, and eventualy you can ""become"" those other things so that ... you can walk around as them and have random thoughts and pretentious nonsense lobbed at you by OTHER objects. Couple this with the fact that the actual movement is painfully slow... if you pick a place to go to it will take you longer than it should to get there.Man what a waste of money.  If you like games that have no point, no objective, no sense of advancement, and which are highly repetitive this is the product for you.  You might also enjoy watching grass grow, or paint dry, or the hours of your life slipping away."
76561198206035523,Recommended,582270,31299897,Posted: 22 April,all,lyudico,Good!
,Recommended,582270,31304477,Posted: 22 April,all,donkey tron,"everyone said to buy everything on steam, and everything everyone said about everything on steam is true. anyone can be everything in everything on steam. everything. everything on steam was also 20% off. heckuva deal for anyone interested in being everything in everything on steam.10/10, because everything on steam is awesome."
76561198192912885,Recommended,582270,31307791,Posted: 22 April,all,KrOhNiC,Alan Watts brought me here
76561198008498110,Recommended,582270,31309222,Posted: 22 April,all,Giles Number 1,10/10 Got my Noggin Joggin'
76561198036815733,Recommended,582270,33048720,Posted: 30 June,all,no love,It's deep. Not for fidget spinner lovers.
76561198339757698,Recommended,582270,34882455,Posted: 11 September,all,Chris Ma,"Everything is Everything. At the start of game,you may think it's boring, but as long as you know how to play this game. It's really amazing! I really recommand this game!"
,Recommended,582270,31407734,Posted: 27 April,all,FerPorto,"The most autistic experience i´ve ever had in gaming, 11/10"
,Recommended,582270,31310466,Posted: 22 April,all,carbonfibah,Yes.
,Recommended,582270,31685343,Posted: 11 May,all,✪ Delta,A poor man's ''Prey''
,Recommended,582270,31823711,Posted: 18 May,all,howaboutnope,"Such a lovely, unique game. I can understand how someone looking for guided play or violence would find this incredibly boring. But if you're looking for something really chill that just lets you wander and do your own thing, you'll love it. Controls are simple enough I'd be surprised not to find a VR version soon (if there isn't one already?) and the texts and Alan Watts are a nice touch."
76561198127418789,Recommended,582270,33132983,Posted: 2 July,all,armordonio,My brain hurts
,Recommended,582270,33189702,Posted: 3 July,all,Moser,wow
,Recommended,582270,31285569,Posted: 21 April,all,Mozilla Firefox,the purpose of Everything is to give Everything a reason
,Recommended,582270,31333554,Posted: 23 April,all,itsallgood,"Wonderful little game. Entertaining introduction to non-dual philosohy. If you're into Allan Watts, onness, zen, psychonautics, and so on; this is a must buy. It's not a game about action or mechanics, it's about reflection and exploration.If you are interested in more of this type of philosophy, look up some Rupert Spira videos on Youtube.Also a great game to play when you're high."
,Recommended,582270,31309941,Posted: 22 April,all,tonykuoli,"It's not a game.It's you. It's not you. It's it.It is not a thing, it is the world.  I am the world. I hear the words.And I (it) transform to other things. Other things hear me. Also we (it and other thing and anything) hear Alan Watt's wise words.Kind of lonely. But also rich and moody. It's not a game. It's an experience. It's a simulation. It's like you are living and thinking in it and there's no other simulation (game) like it.It is Everything.Yes, it's a fun 'game' but that doesn't matter. What 'I' know is I'll have this ready on my PC and MAC 'forever' and will check back anytime I'm want to feel and think about some thing. The massive scale of this game is with brilliant coding so a modern low-end gaming PC is running like a breeze and even my MacBook Pro with Iris can give me the experience, only the cosmos it can't afford to simulate - but I'm fine with it. Expect a non-gaming-ready MacBook to run the UNIVERSE is kind of much.And the autopilot thing is simply amazing. Losing control is a beautiful thing. Now I know it.Thank you for making this game. Hope more things or thoughts are coming to it."
,Recommended,582270,31295383,Posted: 22 April,all,LaResistance Mike,"If you ever have to give proof video games can be art, just make them play this game"
,Recommended,582270,31333369,Posted: 23 April,all,153x°,I didn't think anyone would ever make a game that combines my loves of meta-game humor and transcendental philosophy. 10/10
,Recommended,582270,33642867,Posted: 18 July,all,Budget Bender,You know it's a great game when you question your existence while making a bunch of cars mate.
76561198031903307,Not Recommended,582270,31385676,Posted: 26 April,all,Pha cops,"Excellent concept, however, it keeps crashing every few minutes...So, it's lovely but you might want to wait a minute :)"
,Recommended,582270,31309120,Posted: 22 April,all,Mrcheekymonkey1996,"Gives you a new perception of life and the universe itself, not many games manage to do this with me so I highly recommend this, I wouldnt say it is a 'game' it is relaxing and weird at the same time. I have got to say, I did laugh a few times with some of the weird interactions that you see.   Minor bugs but it is worth it on sale for sure!"
76561198130356062,Recommended,582270,31405942,Posted: 27 April,all,<>,Alan Watts made this game that much better.
76561198044213234,Not Recommended,582270,33820818,Posted: 26 July,all,phjanak,I see no point whatsoever to this waste of time. Seemingly there is NOTHING for you to do. The animation is pathetic. The world doesn't even look realistic. I'm really sorry I bought this
76561198032456185,Recommended,582270,31310997,Posted: 22 April,all,Koz3n,Learn to better yourself as you re-evaluate Everything. Alan Watts - How to Spend (a life) Time -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWnVpUpehRI
76561198311942515,Recommended,582270,31703186,Posted: 12 May,all,dodi.mw,ratinggameplay 10/10story missingcontrols 8/10animation 100/10and yes you become everything like everything you can be♥♥♥♥♥
76561198068002446,Recommended,582270,31333296,Posted: 23 April,all,TrippedOver,I've been playing this game for a hour or so and I've found a lot of fun possessing different things. Although I've yet to find the key function that every game requires WHERE ARE THE DAMN SLOTHS!!! I've hunted for these majestic beast and yet to find them. I can only fairly rate this game a 10/10 when I've located one.
,Recommended,582270,32772871,Posted: 25 June,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full reviewPLEASE NOTE (2017): Due to recent false accusations of plagarism, I (the reviewer) would like to stress that all these reviews and upcoming reviews are original and are not blatantly copied. Other reviews are used to help stress my point across but are changed in such a way to make the review in my own wordingEverything is a game developed by David O'Reilly and published by Double Fine PresentsEverything is a very weird game to play, if you can call it a game. It is more of an exploration game that can get boring quite quickThis game is definitely not everyone will love this type of gaming experience, however, if you are looking for something different not usually found in other games then you should play this gameAnd of course there is the wonderful voice of Alan Watts featured during gameplay. The game's graphics are nice but nothing special, it's more the sound effects and music that make the game specialEverything is definitely not for everyone but if you want to try something different, then give this game a try!RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198154895043,Recommended,582270,31287952,Posted: 21 April,all,LacVirMMCCXCIX,"Im not gonna lie this game is... strange.But...It is strage in the most magnificent way possible.The title is not lying, you can do anything.Ever wanted to control a sentient pair of pants on an alien planet?Maybe fly a jet over a pod of blue whales?Fly around in the ISS or a UFO... underwater?The sky isnt even the limit in this game, from a nebula to a photon you can be anything, and everything you could imagine, and then some.However, it isnt a game for those of you looking for an action adventure, at it's core it is a game that you can play without thinking, and one that encourages thought at the same time.For a relaxing endless simulator 10/10""Just dont think about it too much"""
,Recommended,582270,33074002,Posted: 1 July,all,ThePoisonousLamp,"mind = blown, 10/10"
,Recommended,582270,31351339,Posted: 24 April,all,Lornedhocksmith,"This game is profound. If you don't feel good. Be lost in this game, you'll find what you were looking for in your derailed train of thoughts."
,Recommended,582270,33494311,Posted: 12 July,all,LouisDPenguin,"A very peaceful game and beautiful game.  Explore the different size relms from inside atoms to the biggest of galaxies.  You can turn into anything from 2d objects, grains of sand, animals, contenants, planets, and much much much more.  I try to turn into everything I can, collect all the narrations, and read the toughts of the objects around me.  So far in my experience, I havent run into any technical problems with it so far.  Its very enjoyable in my eyes.  Please do give it a try!Also, I went flew around in space as giant toaster.  Was a great time!"
76561198215812872,Recommended,582270,33386084,Posted: 8 July,all,808,great game
,Recommended,582270,31296359,Posted: 22 April,all,Zach S 3P-95,well this game is everything. this game is so fun its just amazing. there are so many things objects animals micro organisms. the game is so fun i highly recamend this game. it runs amazing. i get 70 fps easy on this game. its just so fun and it is worth the money.
,Recommended,582270,32185535,Posted: 4 June,all,hey my dudes,8/10 got me into Alan Watts and fueled my existantial depression.
76561198012000506,Recommended,582270,32098192,Posted: 31 May,all,//v0nK`|ॐ,EVERYTHING!
,Recommended,582270,31427907,Posted: 28 April,all,GookSoup,"This game is not for everyone, if you're an fps only♥♥♥♥♥ then get out and I'm suprised you are even reading the reviews. If you don't care for objective and just want a nice peaceful time discovering yourself, play this. If you are higher than a kite, this game is for you, if you love exploration and science, this game is for you. If your pc was made before 2010 or has 2gb of ram... wtf is wrong with you, and this game is not for you."
,Recommended,582270,31356293,Posted: 25 April,all,uvengai,this game gonna blow mind
76561198011177984,Recommended,582270,31355527,Posted: 25 April,all,S Z/\KR1T1M1 GL4Z/\M1,"Now words, only applause."
,Recommended,582270,31306852,Posted: 22 April,all,PunqS,Just buy it and you will understand
,Recommended,582270,31306501,Posted: 22 April,all,[F]inAlly,"I BECAME THE SUN! This is philosophic ART!Everything is about being and thinking, rather than doing.It`s an exploration game where you can be what you see.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6scDtqMVyQ"
,Recommended,582270,31699218,Posted: 12 May,all,Dr. Zeppelin,"If video games were food, this would be your favorite food. I'm not saying that this will be your favorite game; rather, whatever feeling you get while eating your favorite food is the same feeling you will have while playing this game."
76561197971417681,Recommended,582270,31593525,Posted: 6 May,all,Anacro,"Great experience, totally different, if you like games like Journey, Abzu, Flow etc then you may well like this. At first you don't really know what it's about or what you're meant to do, but slowly things become a bit more clear and things become very weird. Not finished it yet and really enjoying it, like the talkie philosophy bits."
,Recommended,582270,31599802,Posted: 7 May,all,AttentionGrabber,My head hurts
,Recommended,582270,31628352,Posted: 8 May,all,narF,A true life changing experience
,Recommended,582270,31600611,Posted: 7 May,all,c.s.burge,A beautiful game.
76561198099405568,Recommended,582270,31600128,Posted: 7 May,all,saber,amazing
,Recommended,582270,31821154,Posted: 18 May,all,DotMatrixHero,"I didn't know about this game until launch. I saw a top post on /r/games which said 'Everything is 20% off on Steam' and I jumped at the opportunity to score 20% off my wishlisted games. As it turned out, it was 20% off for a brand new game called 'Everything'. I watched the video and decided to give it a shot. As it turns out, 'Everything' is a beautiful game and I am so glad that I stumbled upon it. I've told everyone I know about this game because I found it to be very peaceful and relaxing. I even had a dream about jumping into other creatures and then into a planet the other night. I love that you really can be 'Everything' in this fun, imaginative game. Not to mention, the talks from Alan Watt are great additions."
76561198034370406,Recommended,582270,31389694,Posted: 27 April,all,Sustavchik,one of the best games I ever played. Very deep
,Recommended,582270,31328746,Posted: 23 April,all,xuede,I definately dig this.After 2.5 hours the tutorial is over! That's great. Definately and interesting title.
,Recommended,582270,31328376,Posted: 23 April,all,Of Micra & Man,"What is everything? is this everything you have to say, or is this everything you wanted to see? Everything has a strange concept of a generated scale of the universe and from the beginning I thought it was good, I mean really really good. The game everything focuses the knowledge what its strengths core are that doesn't avoid doing something from saying what you think, everything continues & everything associate together, always connected."
76561198052252335,Recommended,582270,31316453,Posted: 23 April,all,AG3NT,11/10 Best game I've played In a long while
76561198256099855,Recommended,582270,31727815,Posted: 13 May,all,Fidget Spinner Girl,Very fun. I enjoy morphing into other random objects and I like how the animals move. 11/10 would flip again
76561198081469654,Recommended,582270,31346838,Posted: 24 April,all,Luknl,"A really great and fascinating game. I got lost in the universe, danced in the sky as clouds, fly like a bird.. Very poetic with a great OST. This game is an experience."
76561198241200804,Recommended,582270,32191993,Posted: 4 June,all,shoe,Humanity has nothing left to achieve
76561198004018943,Recommended,582270,31704944,Posted: 12 May,all,hoof,"Lovely, thought-provoking and playful."
76561198028747420,Recommended,582270,32380103,Posted: 12 June,all,deja'vu,"Fun, thought provoking, creative and beautifully designed."
,Recommended,582270,34894468,Posted: 11 September,all,Juju,"the only thing thats bad about this is that the camera view is sloppy and flies all over the place, and the way animals walk is lazy, i hope they actually do walk if it ever gets updated.9/10"
76561197969363871,Recommended,582270,34986419,Posted: 15 September,all,avidwriter,You can literally BE math.  Ambitious project and quite impressive.
76561198241596864,Recommended,582270,34977151,Posted: 15 September,all,Lpsrocks00,"I exist, I make up reality and the universe, and I am important. Everything is absolutely surreal and philosophical. I demand more."
,Recommended,582270,31351460,Posted: 24 April,all,Fuckin' Fluid Furry,Get this amazing game.
,Not Recommended,582270,33818381,Posted: 26 July,all,euqil,"It started off quite interestingly but during my first playthrough I did not get hints of what to do past grouping with others of my species. And in this game - no hint means you can't use the mechanics.I started a second save slot, got the rest of the mechanics and I can sum it up with ""Everything (the game) is nothing"".I like the zooming gimmick but having a profound naration does not make your game profound. The text and the audio are interesting but not interesting enough on its own to keep me playing. Overall this experience was not worth money for me."
,Recommended,582270,31749005,Posted: 14 May,all,SheepMarine,What am i?Everyting
76561198030867933,Recommended,582270,31749257,Posted: 14 May,all,HerrNeu,"Amazing game, phenomenal sound track,Don't read about the game, just play it.This game is worth the leap of faith to try it out without knowing anything about it."
,Recommended,582270,31305076,Posted: 22 April,all,YIFF,10/10Best simulation game ever. You can be anything you want and do what you want.
76561198044491516,Recommended,582270,31285509,Posted: 21 April,all,Mouthman Prophecy,Pros: It's a fun quiet game that gives you some interesting things to ponder. It also has an autoplay mode thats fun to turn on and check back on later. Music is beautiful and the models range from crudely cute to beautiful.Cons: It came out on Steam one day too late.
,Recommended,582270,31285460,Posted: 21 April,all,CornOnTheCob,"From the fabrics of time and space, to a galaxy in the universe, this game really lets you be ANYTHING. I've absolutely enjoyed this game it is incredible, fun, and makes you question life. Wanna roll around as giant rocks? Sing a song with galaxies? This game is absolutely amazing. For $15 you're getting a huge deal and hours of gameplay that makes you want to come back and play it more."
,Recommended,582270,31310459,Posted: 22 April,all,Cyfer,"Not so much a game as an experience. A great one at that! Love the lectures of the scientist scattered throughout the world, probably my favorite part."
,Recommended,582270,31293371,Posted: 22 April,all,aaronmc,"This game teaches you to know the whole world, but I wonder when I can fly a plane in it."
,Not Recommended,582270,32704067,Posted: 23 June,all,Omen UK,"Don't believe the hype, no where near as good as others would have you believe especially when you have some animations where movement includes rolling forward rather than walking (as an example), looks like a 'my first video game' production"
76561198005772688,Recommended,582270,31277911,Posted: 21 April,all,Beast of the East DC United,"I won't give anything away, but I wasn't sure what to expect when I first started playing this game but kept on with it. I'm glad that I did. A game about perspective, and one which I'm glad I own."
76561197965361589,Not Recommended,582270,34865153,Posted: 10 September,all,Psymon²,Nicest screen saver I've seen.Not really much of a game...
76561198045401832,Recommended,582270,31278490,Posted: 21 April,all,SoloPlayah,"A shame most people will not touch Everything due to the way the animals tumble or being a sandbox simulation. You need patience to learn the controls and how to unlock your abilities by chasing snowflakes. Once done, it is a great universe/reality/nature/philosophical/God sim. If you are a deep person and care about nature and your fellow creatures, get Everything. Alan Watts should be taught in schools. Check him out on Youtube and Amazon. Become one with the universe."
,Recommended,582270,31284858,Posted: 21 April,all,bicycle with no pedal but engine,"This isn't a game, ｉｔ＇ｓ　ａｎ　ｅｘｐｅｒｉｅｎｃｅ"
76561198043285519,Not Recommended,582270,31340663,Posted: 24 April,all,moltensteel,this game is set up to auto play which means it gets your game time uped even if you are not playing it defeats the purpous of being a game. it personally made me get motion sickness. if not for that i would say it has a good concept but if those two things where change it would be a good game. so if the dev reads this please remove auto play and make it so the camera does not move so akward with weird shifts in its dirrection and how it changes speed with how it panns at diffrent rates as you move around. also think there is a bug that makes moving animals objects blink sometimes when they move.
,Recommended,582270,31291540,Posted: 22 April,all,Adriaan,Art.
,Recommended,582270,31279819,Posted: 21 April,all,Sophisticated Chicken.,"Everything is an amazing game that puts into prespective that the end is never the end, that you are just a spec in the grand scale of.... Everything.Pros:-It's Everything-The story is amazing-There is no true end.Cons:-Somethings flip and flop around which does not feel good compaired to everything else. (please change those objects)-This ""game"" can become a little confuseing if you don't pay attention to the story."
,Recommended,582270,34191827,Posted: 12 August,all,eeenrique,11/10
,Recommended,582270,33258711,Posted: 4 July,all,olephart,"One of those ""art"" games that pretentious hipsters like to throw awards at.   It's not so much a game but a more interactive walking sim.  It feels unfinished which must be why pretentious hipster reviewers like it so much.  Finished games are just too mainstream.  That being said I do like exploring so there's that.  The snowflakes out there should be happy to know that there are indeed precious snowflakes in game as well.I give a very hesitant yes on recommendation because Steam doesn't have a neutral or 50+ other in between binary yes/no option."
,Recommended,582270,31286117,Posted: 21 April,all,TJ3360,A fun time waster
,Recommended,582270,31372062,Posted: 26 April,all,RemmiDemmi,Finally I can play as a slice of bacon. 11/10
76561198148610033,Recommended,582270,31784158,Posted: 16 May,all,=SMT= garryc1980 #teampyro,this game is awesome
,Recommended,582270,33742615,Posted: 23 July,all,maggie ⚡,existential crisis: the game
,Recommended,582270,31352296,Posted: 25 April,all,Straxter,"I mean at first, it's well, okay another Unity production.  But, as you learn what you can do, and the philosyb Alan Wat I have to admit that you are in gaged, and the bottom line is that something primordail is taking place on a electormagnice chemical leval in the brain, that very simply MAES YOU FEEL GOOD!  I love the game."
76561198346211802,Recommended,582270,31607465,Posted: 7 May,all,joshhair0823,"The game is a very creative game. It is more of a piece of experimental art, however it is still fun to play hours on end. There is things that come up called disasters that can be very annoying, but they are there to help you if you have a low frame rate and can be disabled very easily.  Very good game/experiment and would highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,582270,31475273,Posted: 30 April,all,TeaDrinkingToni,"Über den Ladebildschirm hinaus bin ich noch nicht gekommen.Ich gebe dem Spiel eine schlechte Bewertung, weil es einfach nicht funktioniert bei mir.Sobald das Spiel auch bei mir läuft, gibt es hier ein Update."
,Recommended,582270,33435048,Posted: 10 July,all,Lethmonth (Eric @CNE),"I was only able to play this game for a few hours yesterday, but I was really impressed with how this game pushed the boundaries of the video game art form. To give you a sense of what I mean, I have been involved with Zen Buddhism for over a decade and I found this game to remind me of being in the zendo, listening to a dharma talk. After I played, I found that the experience of playing stayed with me for many hours.Will you like this game? I think it depends on why you like to play video games. Nick Yee's Gamer Motivational Model does a good job describing the different motivations that people have to play video games. We tend to think of gamer motivations as one thing, but his model breaks motivation down into several different types(http://quanticfoundry.com/#motivation-model).One of those motivations is to explore and another is to collect. If you enjoy those motivations, then I think you will enjoy this game. If there are other motivations that you enjoy more, then this probably isn't the game for you."
,Recommended,582270,33500889,Posted: 13 July,all,Balcoran,"Really good game, very relaxing. Its like an interactive documentary/audiobook about mindfulness and our place as part of the universe, trippy game :)I fell asleep with it on in the background and it played through on a loop. Relaxing music, sounds and narration on some really interesting topics. Well worth €15"
,Recommended,582270,31479696,Posted: 30 April,all,Roboj,"Spent the evening playing through the 'tutorial'. All I have to say is, ""What an experience."" Cannot wait to dive back in sometime soon."
,Recommended,582270,33753513,Posted: 23 July,all,dian,gggggggggggodg ame
76561198173441339,Recommended,582270,32490103,Posted: 16 June,all,saucymufasa,fabulous
76561198091311989,Recommended,582270,32494825,Posted: 16 June,all,timmy turner,trippy
,Recommended,582270,32613476,Posted: 21 June,all,Ouij,Thought provoking
,Recommended,582270,34913241,Posted: 12 September,all,DavUp,the best game ever made
76561198318964928,Recommended,582270,31600552,Posted: 7 May,all,那哈莽行咒,Quite a delicate work.
76561197997624875,Recommended,582270,31307420,Posted: 22 April,all,Steakr,"This game reminded me about what I knew, but had forgotten.Thank you for making this game."
,Recommended,582270,31285470,Posted: 21 April,all,gregolego,"This game is definately something interesting, but not something I'd like to keep. I played it for 30 mins (as you can see), after which I requested a refund, because, frankly, there isn't much to do in the game.The gameplay consists of switching between things and switching sizes up and down, interrupted by narration or random thoughts from the things around you.Maybe you could use it to relax, but it's probably not something to actually play when you're bored (or maybe it is, I dunno).Overall, I somewhat enjoyed myself for the short time I played it. Maybe I'll check it out again some other time."
,Recommended,582270,31370233,Posted: 25 April,all,quantumness,wow
,Recommended,582270,31288897,Posted: 21 April,all,GOZAR,Worth it.
,Recommended,582270,31863028,Posted: 20 May,all,res,best screensaver ever
76561198063373553,Not Recommended,582270,32627111,Posted: 21 June,all,LifeKitten,"I was really looking foward to this game, too bad it only gave me a good hour of gameplay before it got boring and repetitive. Ended up refunding it."
76561198032736668,Not Recommended,582270,31528485,Posted: 3 May,all,Jigroo,"To preface: I loved Mountain.This game suffers from the same issue as mountain but on a larger scale. The premise is wonderful, but the feel of the game, the way you move, the way the camera adjusts, needs to match that premise. Joining groups, moving throughout the world, sending out calls, all of this should feel effortless, grand and flowing like the premise. As is, it feels terrible. Some more work on execution could have made this game wonderful.As is, stick to Mountain."
76561198072252227,Recommended,582270,31347568,Posted: 24 April,all,Jon Snows Hot Ass Aunt,"Never, ever, EVER play this game while high.I smoked two bowls right before launching it and I found myself having an existenstial crisis at the end of itPros: I thought god was talking to me through the game (That philosopher dude)Enjoyed rolling around as a herd of giraffes.Control an entire solar system.Cons: Made me question my entire life and if I should kill myself or notActually ♥♥♥♥ed with my head so hard my Neighbors heard my crying and came to check on me.Girlfriend got texts such as ""Is commiting suicide better than being ordinary"" and ""Is our galaxy dancing too?""Great game overall, amazing concept beautiful graphics and a fantastic soundtrack. I would play more but I would have a panic attack if I tried35/5"
,Recommended,582270,31337870,Posted: 24 April,all,Kate,I identify as a Convex Stellated Polyhedron and I am not ashamed!
76561197969139186,Recommended,582270,31331514,Posted: 23 April,all,Noobs On Ice,Simply Amazing.
76561198118960948,Recommended,582270,31386176,Posted: 26 April,all,Sheik,"It's a very beautiful game. I haven't gotten far but it's wonderful. I love the many different things you can be. I love the audio clips you can find and the thoughts everything has. It's heart touching, it really is. I'm glad I bought it. 100% would recommend."
,Recommended,582270,31288587,Posted: 21 April,all,Gr8Gmer14,"I thought I was the best thing ever, until I was ""Turd"""
,Recommended,582270,33077765,Posted: 1 July,all,BlackDove :'3,Everything.
76561198346085752,Not Recommended,582270,33787232,Posted: 25 July,all,ohhwell0525,Meh... Pretentious like Allen Watts. Just about as deep so let that be your recomendation or not.
,Recommended,582270,33014381,Posted: 29 June,all,morrami2000,My brain!!
76561198206893416,Recommended,582270,33753826,Posted: 23 July,all,maritzasoy,For people looking to buy this game. All the dislikes in the review section is just people that play killing and violence game. They dislike because they dont want to use their brain all they want to do is kill kill kill. For them its peacful not violent. I really love this game and it makes you think about Everything. People dont see the real point behind this game. Its a great game its worth it.
,Recommended,582270,31281443,Posted: 21 April,all,Blaine,A great narrative of our cosmos lovingly portrayed in an interactive form.
,Recommended,582270,31386679,Posted: 26 April,all,xFEARGASMx,"i mean......its cool.   you can play as ""everything""  but not really.you can only play as the assets the dev put in the game of course.   and while you can play as alot of things  its far from ""everything""also the control for the things you can play as seeeeem.....2d?.....restricted?   also.....why cant i play as a bird?anyway.. little game you can goof around in and have some fun.    for a little bit...but i wouldn't buy this game for more then 5$.6.5/10   would be 7/10 if the price was half."
76561198081990045,Not Recommended,582270,32708741,Posted: 23 June,all,xolodilnikus,Nothing really.
76561198101522217,Recommended,582270,31278075,Posted: 21 April,all,iLike2Wina,"Two words sum this ""everything"" up about this game: Simply Grand."
,Recommended,582270,31286177,Posted: 21 April,all,Silletti,Dank memes
,Recommended,582270,31328063,Posted: 23 April,all,the hollywood hootsman,the game is good but did you know that the creator is a member of the ALT RIGHT? >:-(
,Recommended,582270,33737422,Posted: 22 July,all,Destructor,Changed my life.
,Recommended,582270,31282906,Posted: 21 April,all,landfill😻baby,"its even better than i thought it would be!!!! thanks david, you are good and nice"
,Recommended,582270,31283076,Posted: 21 April,all,Madness,"A very good, thought-provoking game. 10/10, loved it"
,Recommended,582270,31278672,Posted: 21 April,all,Nepyon,At least not another screensaver.
76561198271936509,Not Recommended,582270,31671386,Posted: 10 May,all,bambino,my achievments wont synch which doesnt bother me but when i get to the name selection screen i type my name press enter and nothing happens i can delete the name and retype but enter just doesnt work ive tried pressing other buttons with no luck
,Recommended,582270,33486607,Posted: 12 July,all,A Rather Slender Man™,Plays GameLikes GameWWW.Goodgame10/10ign.com.rar.jpgDayz Is Better0/10 Dayz IsBetter.com.rar.jpg
,Recommended,582270,31277339,Posted: 21 April,all,Señor carajo,This game makes you think about your life and the universe. Thinking is the premise of this game. 10/10
,Recommended,582270,31276552,Posted: 21 April,all,Cedric,Everything is awesome
76561198346894869,Recommended,582270,31279185,Posted: 21 April,all,dorskidor,"***EDIT*** I restarted my computer and everything works fine for now. Perhaps I was too early to jump to conclusions. I will update if anything changes.It's  disappointing to play this after watching some gameplay footage, and waiting to play it myself on pc.My computer* is pretty new and can run most of the recent games on high settings (witcher3, GTA5, etc.), so it should run this without any problems, but here there's a laggy almost unplayable game even when I lower the resolution to minimum, with some weird (I guess) loud interruptions for rendering, which are really unnecessary and annoying, and doesn't fit the game spirit.Had some hopes for the game, hope they'll patch it soon so I could play it. Otherwise it's not worth the money, even though it's a great concept.So yes, I do recommend it, but no, not right now.* Lenovo Y700* i7-6700HQ 2.60GHz* 16gb RAM* Nvidia GeForce 960M"
76561197970650403,Not Recommended,582270,31283858,Posted: 21 April,all,Ashley Highfield,"This does not appear to have been tested with non-US keyboards. It constantly nags you to press the tilde (~) key, yet doesn't recognise when you do.A shame, I was looking forward to this, and it's a lousy port. I'd expect that of Warner, not an indy."
76561198008497607,Not Recommended,582270,33736022,Posted: 22 July,all,Rod1268,"you must really need to be high but in reality this a CON.  a BS Con,"
,Recommended,582270,33738932,Posted: 23 July,all,how to play the soy sauce(Ken),THIS GAME FREAKING SICKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
,Recommended,582270,31824659,Posted: 18 May,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
,Not Recommended,582270,31371886,Posted: 26 April,all,Loophole,"So far, I would suggest you don't buy this game if you have joysticks or other non-game-controller analogue input devices - unless you feel like unplugging them every time you want to play.Sadly, like many games that start life on the console, ""Everything"" assumes that any analogue DirectX input is a game controller, and assumes that input overrides anything else.As a result, if you DO have analogue devices - like me - and don't feel like unplugging them all every time you want to play - like me - then the game is unplayableThe issues that arise from these controller conflicts are:- Vague and frustrating view control.  Even using the mouse, trying to get the view pointed in any particular direction is a very approximate thing.- Non-responsive movement control.  You can hammer the WASD keys for a while before it eventually deigns to move a step - sometimes in the requested direction.It is a pity - I love the concept of the game and would like to experience it more.  Would it be so difficult for developers to just add an ""ignore game controllers"" option to the settings?"
,Not Recommended,582270,31277887,Posted: 21 April,all,MiniMe,"I was really excited for this game. I am disspointed and sadly cannot recommend this game.  I will probably return this.The graphics are so basic that it does not even make sense that it hardly runs on my decent (not great) machine. Sound problems detract from the ""joy"" of playing. The controls are clumsy too.I started as a cow. The animals ""walk"" by throwing themselves on the back like they are rolling. Random annoying messages like ""the world was destroyed by greed""  ""the world was destroyed because you tried to please others"" pop up.That's all I could figure out about the game play. I did not feel motivated to roll around as a different animal and read more message that might be true in essence but are just annoying the way they are presented. The game might aim to be thought provoking but fails at it badly.You get people to think by asking questions and suggesting ideas. Not by telling them what you believe is right. On the loadscreen it says ""and who's fault is that"" next to your name. That seems to be reminicent of the game.The gameplay is weird (not in a good way) and not intuitive at all. This might be a great concept but the implementation is so far from the description that I have no hope a few updates could fix this.Also, I am not sure how much you slip into the role of a different being if all of the ""thoughts"" are from a very human point of view."
,Not Recommended,582270,31314814,Posted: 23 April,all,BassRiderX,"I bought this game strictly out of bordom, and the need for a new game.Weirdest acid trip ever once I got to the atom/universe veiw and decided to go fast."
76561198358415168,Not Recommended,582270,31441899,Posted: 29 April,all,starprincessd,Strange and pointless. Needlessly artsy-fartsy. More of a bad philosophy exercise than a game.
76561198010456801,Recommended,582270,33732600,Posted: 22 July,all,plato,Really nice :)
,Not Recommended,582270,31309338,Posted: 22 April,all,RelentlessFire95,"Ugh... no... this was good for a while but then it told me to ""find the golden gate"" howwwwwww if a continent is so big how am i gonna cover all of it this year..."
,Not Recommended,582270,31290747,Posted: 22 April,all,Phoenyx,"The tutorial spawned me as an animal that wasn't anywhere else on the map, so I couldn't complete part of the tutorial, and wasted 20 minutes ""walking"" around in a desert looking for something that wasn't there. The join mechanic wrecks the camera angle, and the game as a whole is pretty absurd."
76561197970208114,Not Recommended,582270,31292755,Posted: 22 April,all,CrashDrive,"The game looks interesting... But since there currently is no way to rebind your keys, it makes it hard to control anything properly. Not everyone uses a QWERTY keyboard.If they fix this, I might give it another try."
76561198024441066,Not Recommended,582270,32066756,Posted: 30 May,all,drake_menace,"Easily one of the worst games I've ever played. It was also the first game I ever got a refund for, because it was just SO bad. I wouldn't recommend this game to my worst enemy."
,Not Recommended,582270,33730065,Posted: 22 July,all,kurisu,"Funny that they named this game ""Everything"" when it consists of nothing.Refund request sent.."
,Recommended,582270,32150853,Posted: 3 June,all,Top Nep,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561198342577004,Not Recommended,582270,34808277,Posted: 7 September,all,Howling Galaxy,"The animals don't walk normally and the game doesn't run smoothly at all. The sun seems to blur across the screen at all times, and I don't think that this should be a story type of game. I wouldn't buy it."
76561198382760019,Not Recommended,582270,32326856,Posted: 10 June,all,ant1393,needs directions all you do is become an animal and do barrel rolls definitley shouldn't have bought this
76561198316140764,Not Recommended,582270,33163314,Posted: 2 July,all,Xrane626,"This game from the trailer looked really good, so I decided to try it out. Sadly It is not like it looks. I played this game for more than an hour and just got completely tired of it. The main point I found was to shrink as much as possible or grow as much as possible into differnt organisms. Other wise the game is complely a waste of money. The animals dont even walk properly or make any sense. I under stand it is hard to program then to do so, but still, if you dont know how to do then dont!"
,Not Recommended,582270,31323622,Posted: 23 April,all,ChewyWaffles,Life is too short to waste time trying to figure out why you're playing a game.
,Not Recommended,582270,31539134,Posted: 4 May,all,STARSTRUCK,please just make more cartoons about destructive relationships and being mad at dad
,Not Recommended,582270,31396884,Posted: 27 April,all,Lolenzo,"nice music, bad game"
76561198059058441,Not Recommended,582270,33886707,Posted: 29 July,all,dj1725,this game sucks.
76561198234600240,Not Recommended,582270,32790070,Posted: 25 June,all,Hg DevWorks,"This game I dont like it.The animals arent even animated, they spin around...Refund please"
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,582270,31322399,Posted: 23 April,all,fjk1138,I don't get it.
,Not Recommended,582270,31280229,Posted: 21 April,all,DigitalAndre,"Way too weird. And the clunky graphics don't help understand what's going on: is the game glitching out? Is this working as intended? No idea, and life's too short to figure out this kind of half-baked stuff. I'm requesting a refund now."
76561198343786653,Not Recommended,582270,31828256,Posted: 18 May,all,markaivy,crap
76561198323827523,Not Recommended,582270,34026346,Posted: 4 August,all,rubysparkler,you licherly do nothing in this game and its borinng... and iv heard theres a refun button where is that
76561198406418610,Not Recommended,582270,34046714,Posted: 5 August,all,rsm288263,"When I saw this game on sale I got the game and OST for $12.09 And then I only had $15 on my steam account so for it to cost that much money for what It actually is pretty annoying so I don't recommend buying this.When I saw birds flying that's what I wanted to do, I saw a group of cows and in the game THEY CAN'T EVEN WALK PROPERLY, I played for 1 HOUR STRAIGHT and I was a stupid piece of grass so if your thinking of buying this game and your reading this DO NOT GET THIS GAME IT SUCKS.I hoped this helped you."
,Not Recommended,582270,33042744,Posted: 30 June,all,Yosktpe,lmao this game sucks♥♥♥♥
76561198158361482,Recommended,582270,33358250,Posted: 7 July,all,ADumbPotato,you can spawn planets inside of planets inside of planets inside of planets inside of a hydrogen atom.10/10 its like being on drugs without the drugs.
,Recommended,582270,33377516,Posted: 8 July,all,Mertica,If Albert Camus made a video game
,Recommended,582270,33318612,Posted: 6 July,all,ricecooker,"Initially purchased to enjoy the sublime sound design and scoring by Ben Lukas Boysen, but less than an hour in and I already know this game is going to be Everything for me."
76561198312686335,Recommended,582270,33356272,Posted: 7 July,all,The Energy of Birds,I became a rock.10/10Would waste my life again.
,Recommended,582270,32380356,Posted: 12 June,all,ceoln,"Wonderful, contemplative, philosophical, fun and funny, moving in a unique way. No shooting involved."
,Recommended,582270,32035282,Posted: 28 May,all,Dad,"Amazing game, This game for you if you like to try new things, different possibilities. + it features Alan Watts, which really goes well with the ""thoughts"" this game has, different items think different things. Not the easiest to explain, so I reccomend just trying it out for yourself."
76561198002189495,Not Recommended,582270,31330338,Posted: 23 April,all,rovaira2,"I initially gave this a positive review, but edited my review.I just don't see the desire to play this. I usually like sandbox type games. I enjoyed No Man's Sky more than this do to the variety of animals, wordls, etc. It was fun to discover things. I just don't get that desire in this game. I don't like hopping around being a tree, then a flower, etc..It's an interesting concept, but I think if people were to give it a honest review it doesn't stack up to similar games; not that those other games were superb either, but they were at least more detailed and interesting to explore."
,Recommended,582270,31997096,Posted: 27 May,all,Vyrisor,"Best game in my steam library, 11/10. I WAS ABLE TO BECOME A FLOCK OF FRENCH FRIES!"
76561198083082422,Recommended,582270,31974544,Posted: 26 May,all,gef,"Just started on the game and it's really enjoyable. It's a neat and different concept, partly exploration, partly just tripping around, yet enough of a game to keep me exploring. It's really refreshing to see this new type of gaming for an old gamer like me. It's really well exectude, from the ambiance to the music and sound effect to the overall atmosphere!"
,Recommended,582270,31946661,Posted: 24 May,all,TowlieTayler,"The one hour I have played so far has felt like a minute - this game is gorgeous, addictive, endearing, and insightful all at once. I started out as an Artic Wolf and the game instantly stole my heart because that is one of my favorite animals. I formed a pack, we all howled, and somehow fourty minutes later I was a sodium atom in the vacuum of space. This is my childhood imagination's greatest dream - to be anything, anywhere, to explore and interact with others with no worries and no limitations. Overall it is a freeing and positive casual experience that I can see myself sinking time into after long and stressful days. Highly reccomend for anyone with mental illness, like anxiety and depression as myself. It's very calming.Cons - controls are a wonky and difficult to get used to, the music isnt fantastic, the very first narration scared me out of my chair and overall a human voice just feels very out of place."
,Recommended,582270,32117318,Posted: 1 June,all,Unknown Aime,"Absolutely mind-blowing. Fantastic game.The art style and soundtrack are outstanding.Several hours in, it seems like you've explored everything the game has to offer, and then it blows your mind yet again.10/10."
76561198084538408,Recommended,582270,32073422,Posted: 30 May,all,shewdy,"This isn't a video game - it's a bundle of philosophical ideas, inside a (beautiful) illustration of a few of those ideas.  If you like philosophy and are willing to stop pushing buttons for a minute to think about the content, you'll probably get a lot out of this.  If you're looking for a video game, this is really more of an interactive screensaver.  It even plays itself if you let it."
,Recommended,582270,32151682,Posted: 3 June,all,metalim,"The game is quite large, although looks pretty simple at first, especially with funny square-wheeling animal animations. But, with all that scale, it is quite short: as soon as you complete the ""tutorial"", you're almost done with the game, as only a few achievements are left to acquire.Nevertheless, I liked the game."
76561198054438418,Recommended,582270,31296996,Posted: 22 April,all,mercenaryai,"Occasionally there's an indie game that is elegant and memorable. Everything is that kind of game.From gameplay perspective, it's a sandbox. You can be everything. There's no goal or purpose, but a huge variety of what you could be - completionists/collectors will be happy. Game gradually unlocks more powers, making the experience even more chaotic and crazy.The Narration and thoughts give philosophical context to Everything.And some moments are just brilliant, but no spoilers.tl;dr Definitely a unique experience."
,Recommended,582270,31307679,Posted: 22 April,all,adam.muise,A very imaginative and chill gaming experience. Good for wonder and perspective. Could do with a little more coherent banter than the half-complete thoughts of the random voice over.
76561198131557491,Recommended,582270,31300253,Posted: 22 April,all,cmwilsenach,Amazing Experience !!
76561198101445952,Recommended,582270,31302322,Posted: 22 April,all,trapbuilder2,It's is a very fun game that lets you explore life through the perspective of everything. There is not much to do but take everything in and enjoy it.
,Recommended,582270,31299863,Posted: 22 April,all,Mega-Midget,"I am, and will continue to be, Everything."
,Recommended,582270,31288821,Posted: 21 April,all,Trace,Wow. Everything.
76561198025724769,Recommended,582270,31296072,Posted: 22 April,all,jabberwok,"I was a vulture the size of a whole continent, then I dove into the ocean and turned into a school of dolphins. The vulture's still there, though. I wish he'd go away. It's creepy to see his wingtips rising from the waves in the distance.A game about scope rather than depth. What you see in the trailer is what you'll be doing in the game, so don't expect much more than that. There is a crazy amount of stuff to find, though. I'm still impressed by the number of things they managed to pack into a game called Everything."
,Recommended,582270,31323681,Posted: 23 April,all,PhotonBurst,"Take into consideration I'm writing this while playing on... a moderate machine. It definitely doesn't handle all games. This one had some fps issues as well sometimes, but taking that into account... It's a must have.The gameplay is actually surprisingly smooth and comprehensive, the exploration good for quite a few hours. Finding new creatures to morph into is exciting every time it happens, and then I haven't talked about the minilectures presented by Alan Watts. It refreshes your look on the world, makes you realize what place you have in the universe. That - the educational part -, combined with the playfulness of the game itself, is something I haven't seen before in my life and should, in my opinion, be an example for other educational games; an example in how to convey a message in a comprehensive and interesting way.As said, it's a must have. Especially for the price it goes for it's something you might never see again and will probably enjoy playing through after a long day at work. Before a stressful event. It will relax, no matter what your mood is."
76561197961263226,Recommended,582270,31327660,Posted: 23 April,all,AP3R,This is amazing. You play everything. I cannot recommend this game enough.
76561198018629751,Recommended,582270,31328064,Posted: 23 April,all,Oxeye,"Everything is much less about the gameplay and much more about the experience in general. This game is like a good piece of art, such as a thought-provoking painting, that the artist has created to be interactive instead of passive. (It just so happens that game developers are, in fact, artists.)"
,Recommended,582270,31327223,Posted: 23 April,all,Mike Tucker,A time for reflection and contemplation. An absolute joy to experience through and through.
,Recommended,582270,31385875,Posted: 26 April,all,A Phosphor Slime,"i didn't think much of the game for the first 15 minutes or so, but once you get more abilities it goes from walking simulator to fever dream.if you like collecting things, you'll probably like wandering around collecting thoughts and taking the form of various things to add to your collection of.....things. i enjoy collecting things so i enjoy the game. yes, it's a game in my opinion. some people are saying it's just a simulator but it's more like a giant sandbox that you can play around in that actually has some goals. also a dapper british man speaks sometimes. he's cool."
76561197983935474,Recommended,582270,31369224,Posted: 25 April,all,louai.abuosba,"Completely and totally awesome game from a well respected filmmaker! If you're into abstract, experimental games this is a wonderful experience."
,Recommended,582270,31372913,Posted: 26 April,all,Chal'tii Mak,"Everything: Our realityEverything: The GameQuite simply, everything is a game about reality. thats pretty much all. from atoms to pizza, to planets to a cow.Eventually, you unlock the abillity to transform into anything relative to the size of the thing you were before, this means space cows, galaxy sized pizza, and atom sized oil rigs. after that, you can bundle with the same catagory instead of just the thing you are, which leads to planets doing a mating ritual to birth new planets. after that, you can change your size no matter what object you are, tiny lamposts, tiny cows, massize pizza twice the size of a building. eventually, you reach an object that tells you about the gold object you spawn at in the beggining, the rest of my review will be hidden text, so there are no spoilers.So you go back to the beggining, and it turns out the gold thing is a gate. so then you become it, and shrink down inside. welcome to everythings reality dump, random objects at random size, everywhere. when you eventually get out, it turns out the game that you just experienced for an afternoon was the tutorial. your shown a cutscene before being thrown back into the game with fire works.10/10 game. woud reccomend."
,Recommended,582270,31366664,Posted: 25 April,all,Phaydren the Quirky Drowzee,I feel like I'm on LSD when playing this lol. I can't imagine what it'd be like to be on LSD AND play this xDAnyways: Fabulous game. Can't wait to beat it.
76561197960440063,Recommended,582270,31370876,Posted: 25 April,all,GetHimToTheGank,I was pleasantly surprised by this thing. I often found myself contemplating the existence of everything and the ideas being presented. Also you can make a tardigrade the size of a planet dance with a pineapple
76561198092184770,Recommended,582270,31367135,Posted: 25 April,all,Marioman2769,"An amazing experience. Really makes you think about your place in the world, yet strangely, I'm the calmest I've ever been."
,Recommended,582270,31365218,Posted: 25 April,all,Poseidon,Fascinating. Not really a game though. Best part is the voice recordings IMO.
,Recommended,582270,31366463,Posted: 25 April,all,andromeda.,"In just an hour, I have had one of my greatest experiences. If you'd like to sit back, relax, and change your perspective of the universe itself, I would very much recommend this game."
,Recommended,582270,31433789,Posted: 29 April,all,Covfefe,"If you like the same kind of games that I like, get this game. I will not explain all the features some one else already did that. I will list my favorite part of the game and that is the small voice clips you can collect and listen to."
,Recommended,582270,31431091,Posted: 28 April,all,BeefyOreo7 | Fabricompletionist,"This game is so beautifully made and very humorous at times. You can ascend up into your sun, transform into a cookie, and run around space as the cookie. What more could you want? There is almost no end to this game and keeps going non stop to let you transform and change shape from an Elk to an Alien Planet to a Photon to a particle of Oxygen and discover the many things of this universe. This game is very deep and is really good if you need to take a break and relax.This game truely is Everything."
76561197979416971,Recommended,582270,31428355,Posted: 28 April,all,tuple,"Stunning.  Its not a game so don't download it expecting to ""win"".  You can be a tardigrade, or a galaxy, or an island, or a leaf, or a planck length.  This isn't as grand or expansive as I make it sound, or its the biggest open world in existence, depends on your perspective.Linux support? \o/  I really look forward to VR support, this game would be even more mind blowing in VR if that's possible.  Then I'd just need a VR rig.The last alpha/beta game I played that was this simplistic yet this mind blowing was minecraft.  Its not like Minecraft at all so don't take it like that.  It does have the potential to be *as* revolutionary.Just stop with the rolling animals already :D"
,Recommended,582270,31446126,Posted: 29 April,all,Riffage,"the narrarator is Alan Watts, and i've been a fan of his for years now. i'm absolutely fascinated to see how his lectures have been broken up and put into a game. i love this game and it is a joy to play. there's no point to it, you have to make up your own point (just like real life). i strongly reccomend this game."
76561198037071696,Recommended,582270,31433248,Posted: 28 April,all,MouthPeace,Intresting experience.  Really turns in the golden gates.
76561198078887017,Recommended,582270,31457598,Posted: 30 April,all,Quiddity,"Yes. This is as fun, whimsical, profound, and captivating, as you think it might be.For fans of Katamari Damacy, Mountain, Nested, Shelter, Cube & Star, Osmos, Flower, Journey, Firewatch, Proteus, The Endless Forest."
76561198093531982,Recommended,582270,31458350,Posted: 30 April,all,Hot Larva,"If you ever wanted to make giant marijuana plants dance in space, this is the game for you. It is a relaxing, pointless, and enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,582270,31514033,Posted: 2 May,all,wd,"Beautiful, calming, and insightful. This not a conplicated game, within a couple hours of play you'll have unlocked all your abilities. But that's really not the point. The graphics are style feel evoactive of Katamari Damacy in the best possible way, from the polygonally simple models to the way animals 'move' by comically shifting to a small set of angled positions. The real joy is in what the game calls ascending or descending; you can become either incredibly large or infinitessimally small and anything in-between. You can hear what's on a rock's mind or how a tower feels about its neighbors. And there are delightful and insightful audio clips scattered throughout. You're constantly rewarded for wandering, and while the game certainly doesn't have Everything it has a very large number of things to see and explore.Sit back, relax, enjoy the soothing music and the contemplative audio clips and just let your mind wander. You won't regret it. After playing on PS4 and now PC for quite a lot I have to say this will almost certainly be one of the best games I'll play in 2017, which has been kind of a banner game year already. If this kind of game might be your jam, though, then make time for it!"
76561198014792086,Recommended,582270,31578456,Posted: 6 May,all,SimpleKhajiit,"its amazing. thought provoking, original concept. ive never bothered to write a review before. but this game is just too cool to not reccomend"
,Recommended,582270,31570432,Posted: 5 May,all,Trim The D,"I've barely played it and I don't know how far I'll get, but... I can already tell that this game will go down in history as the absolute best."
,Recommended,582270,31583749,Posted: 6 May,all,Very Buttery Bread,Everything.
,Recommended,582270,31565596,Posted: 5 May,all,๖ۣۜSgt. Meowmers,"Truly a mind blowing experience, *inserts mind blown gif*"
,Recommended,582270,31590694,Posted: 6 May,all,tearfromthered,"A very unique & intellectual journey. Very disturbing at first, but very relaxing and smooth to play. Not for everybody of course, you have to like the narrative games with little gameplay in. Some users will think they have seen all this can can offer in a 1h, some will spend 60h in. It really depends what you are looking for here. A must try for the curious."
76561197994794584,Recommended,582270,31536420,Posted: 3 May,all,Wyndhammr,What more could you ask for in a simulation?
,Recommended,582270,31554905,Posted: 5 May,all,Rabbit,"Amazing game! Filled with intertesting ideas, places to explores, creatues, and concepts. I never play new games but I'm glad I tried this one!"
76561198227625968,Recommended,582270,31663173,Posted: 10 May,all,lucassstevenson,this game is really fun but don't stop playing for if you progress throgh the story you get an amazing cutscene and some really nice music
,Recommended,582270,31659238,Posted: 9 May,all,♥|KoKoU|♥,自然。とても美しい環境。カジュアルプレイのゲーム。
,Recommended,582270,31660814,Posted: 10 May,all,R.U.S.T.Y,"this game is weird as i would not even clasify it as a game as i consitantly listen to some guy talk about threoys that are ubleivebley mind ♥♥♥♥ing , 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ mind again"
,Recommended,582270,31676269,Posted: 10 May,all,RrUHttYTeNnW,10/10 would be a rock again.
,Recommended,582270,31676987,Posted: 10 May,all,Envy,"That is easily one of the most bizarre and calming games I've ever played, truly wonderous."
,Recommended,582270,31698186,Posted: 12 May,all,Smyniu,"Absolutely sensational experience. Relaxing and thoughtful, grotesque and grand. Been inside this world for only a few hours and have a feeling that it's familiar now, but still remains a vast playground of imagination.Definitely recommending to all fans of Cosmos. Also, absolutely wonderful stoner game, as autoplay feature makes for lovely moments to just roll and smoke listening to Watts' commentary."
,Recommended,582270,32739210,Posted: 24 June,all,༼ʘ̚ل͜ʘ̚༽,trippy af
,Recommended,582270,32756514,Posted: 24 June,all,stampedes,a very pleasant way to listen to alan watts
76561198132761007,Recommended,582270,32739084,Posted: 24 June,all,PotatoBigFella,"This game is so damn relaxing, also the animals roll around when you move them and the gummy bears make a fap noise."
76561198013556071,Recommended,582270,32664487,Posted: 22 June,all,Pinkie Pyro,"this game looks weird, and it is but it is also beautiful and has a method to its madness in a way that I can not put into words if you like pholishophy and the deeper meanings of things or just admiring your surounndings then play this if you only want a ordanary in the box kind of game look elsewere"
,Recommended,582270,32783415,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,"Crazy, seriously crazy. They really made a game about EVERYTHING. I really cant even fathom how they managed to come up with this idea."
76561198099288253,Recommended,582270,32774465,Posted: 25 June,all,Row,"Pros:This is a very impressive and unique exerience I've never seen before.Forget about any elements or design you might see in other games like ""goals"", ""stories"", ""challenges & rewards""The experience of viewing the world from everything's perspective is breathtaking.I would like to see more interactions between different things, but that might be asking too much.Cons:The balance between graphics and the depth of the world might be improved.Seriously, the fashion of how  animals move is funny, which makes you hard to immerse ."
76561198280381540,Recommended,582270,32713038,Posted: 23 June,all,Flavor Tøwn,existential crisis/10
,Recommended,582270,32658087,Posted: 22 June,all,veet,Alan Watts saved my life
76561198148820752,Recommended,582270,33806440,Posted: 26 July,all,pingoo1978,"It's a real weird one, definitely not your average concept. It should only be fun for a little while and yet I find myself returning time and time again."
76561198251709576,Recommended,582270,33849672,Posted: 27 July,all,Vic,"Fantastic origonal type of game, the gameplay mechanics are very different from any game that I have played before and I thoroughly enjoyed that. Music is gentle and relaxing and the narration really leaves you thinking deeply about life and the universe. This game is huge andoffers hours of exploration and thousands of different possibilites for things to be. I highly reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,582270,33805306,Posted: 26 July,all,PacTurtle,"Good if you are into this sorta thing but not something I would personally recommend.Story or art driven games do grab me, I enjoy them as a relaxing break. I could not however get engaged with this game. It doesn't strike me as visually stunning, nor does it really have much of an engaging story. I struggled with the concept for a while before coming to terms with the game is just as it is. It's a simple concept, but a concept I have seen other games do much better at.My suggestion, rework the animations and graphics... Immensely. Add some flavour items too and maybe some voice-overs. All this game offers me is some limited rough text and very crude animation. I know some will see it as artistic or different but to me it just feels cheap and unpolished.For clarification I did not ask for a refund, I knew that when I bought this game I may be buying something I may not enjoy. Who knows maybe I may revisit it down the track. Initially it has not peaked my interest, to me it's just a bit too vague and simplistic."
,Recommended,582270,34051304,Posted: 5 August,all,Shockinwave,"Very easy and simple sandbox game. For those who like to not have a task and just explore, this is the game for you.There are a few tasks, but completing these tasks allow you to do more and more things.Love the soundtrack.This game has a good take on philosophy. It makes you think a little bit.Overall, a fun game."
76561198087921964,Recommended,582270,31669918,Posted: 10 May,all,Tits McGee,"I turned a couple of planets into frogs, then made those frogs dance around in space."
,Recommended,582270,34811368,Posted: 8 September,all,Jemboy,Highly recommended!
76561198199960301,Recommended,582270,34830183,Posted: 8 September,all,JDHBK,"If you are interested in things like Allan Watts this game is indeed for you. Forget the silly animal movement, it's really not relevant and there are actually animals which move properly as well.Yes, the game does indeed feel deep.Despite the fact that you can play a piece of turd unironically.From my personal achievements so far - I met a philosophical dust mite and a solipsist roach.10/10 will everything again. On a serious note, this game can actually make you feel better and even happy."
,Recommended,582270,34894008,Posted: 11 September,all,Caffeinatrix,"I've played two hours and somehow got 17 acheivements whilst learning the following:1) Trees are pessimistic as hell2) We are all simultaneously everything and nothing3) I can apparently spend too much time playing as rocks and grass4) I have no idea what I'm doingIt's bizarre, it's gorgeous, the ""lecture"" is absolutely facinating, and it's calming as hell.10/10 would question existence again."
,Recommended,582270,34966803,Posted: 15 September,all,whammybarr,"While this game could use some polish and finish in its content, it is absolutely worth playing if you want a new gaming experience. It provided a feeling I haven't felt before in a game. The ability to interactively flow throughout interconnected objects in reality is only an experience that gaming can provide. To me, it absolutely achieved its goal of giving a sort of Zen  Buddhist environment that challenged my way of perceiving reality. This is purely a meditative game. If you enter into it with that frame of mind, it will absolutely be worth the money and time spent."
,Recommended,582270,35005485,Posted: 16 September,all,makusu2,"Fantastic. I don't really want to spoil how the gameplay works, but if chemistry and science fascinates you, this game is for you. It's funny (in a way, at times), deep, clever, and INCREDIBLY elaborate. Plus, it's really cheap. Go play it."
,Recommended,582270,35376834,Posted: 1 October,all,Loupak_ ☭,Mind Blowing
76561198050032617,Recommended,582270,35463556,Posted: 3 October,all,Nycto,"Philosophical life sim, nice."
,Recommended,582270,35489276,Posted: 5 October,all,euclid,"Everything is an ambient sandbox where you can beliterallyeverything.It's funny, relaxing, beautiful, moving and something terrifying. The Alan Watts clips that emerge as you move around the game never fail to sink you deeper into the games atmosphere and further into pondering your own consciousness."
