user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,582660,32528155,Posted: 17 June,all,TheScrumpy [NMT],"So, where to even begin. I guess the most important thing here is that this is certainly not the MMO for everybody. This MMO manages to pack in something for every kind of player out there, but that actually doesn't mean it will appeal to everyone.First of all, I'll cover the topic of the pricepoint, since in the very most lenient sense here, it's ""variable"".It's $10 to get into the game. No monthly fees, nothing. That's pretty handy. The price point is at least low enough that for most people, even if they don't like the game, they won't have lost out on much. Now, chances are, the price point is that low because THERE ARE MICROTRANSACTIONS, IF YOU WANT THEM. I'm putting this at the beginning of the review because I know that this will either immediately deter people, or encourage them to hear me out on this. The best way I saw these described was as ""conveniences"". You can get items that rival the cash shop items, but it will take time, and it will take effort. But, there is nothing to stop someone from simply getting a headstart on the game by dropping a little extra money on the game. Is that bad? Well, at a $10 initial price point, I don't think so, because almost all of the cash shop items are convenience items, i.e. streamlining workers, getting a nicer boat without investing time into it, getting gear to speed up fishing initially, etc. The game counteracts this by allowing a lot of things to be completed AFK, such as fishing, or even autolooping a running path to level up your stamina (seriously, you can just have your character run infinitely between two points and get levels out of it, I can't make this up). Need to level your mount? Check the ""auto feed"" option, stock up on carrots, set an autoloop, and go sleep or do productive things while your character travels between points A and B and your horse learns new skills. So honestly, the cash shop items are certainly a thing which most people would look down on, but I haven't even seen the need for them. That said, I could have higher tolerance for grinding (see my Maplestory hours, let's not talk about it).Now, on the topic of grinding, this IS a korean MMO, and it's gonna involve a lot of grinding. The AFK system is honestly a god-send, I'm telling you. However, the combat is very dynamic and frankly the best I've ever seen in an MMO (it does seem very similar to TERA, but definitely more rewarding and satisfying). For skills grinding, a fair amount of it can be done while tabbed out, so the grindy feeling there is alleviated to a fair extent.As far as skills versus combat, this game does a very good job of letting you choose your own playstyle. Want to make it to the second town and then level all the way to 55+ and make millions by fishing? Sure, go ahead. Want to immediately start a farm and create a monopoly on food goods in the player marketplace? That works too. Set up trade routes between nodes and make all your money and experience through buying low and selling high, it doesn't matter, you get rewarded with level exp for so many things in this game, you can choose how you want to play the game. You can even treat it almost as a single-player game with the Black Spirit quest line, so play how you want to. And hey, if you're still into the kill-quest style MMO, that's all here for you too, and you won't even have to touch the other skills. It's relieving to play an MMO that lets you decide how you want to play it.Something I have not been a part of yet is the guild system, which entails warring over territories or capturing areas to claim tax to pay guild members and such. I don't know too much about this, but from what I've viewed, it seems incredible to wage all-out-war with other guilds for essentially control over money. The PvP seems to be a big part of this game, and I'm hoping to make it to that end-game experience soon. And yes, before you ask, these wars DO entail forts, cannons, armies, etc, which just seems super awesome. Other guilds though seem to take the game casually, and only want a community to play with, so that's diversified as well.Now for the more technical stuff. The graphics are gorgeous, the combat is fluid and feels OH SO GOOD, and the AFK feature is even enhanced by an option to minimize the game to the tray. The chat is very spammy with system notifications when you first join the game, but the settings menus help with all that and it should take you just a couple trial-and-errors to figure out what you do want to see broadcast and what you don't want to see. The quest handling is nice and will even autopath you to destinations, and despite minor environmental hookups (I got stuck on a staircase once) it's a very reliable system and can streamline the early game.Now, so after all of this, why can't I recommend it to everyone? I mean, I'm giving it a thumbs up, am I not? Well, it's because there is very little explained to you in this game, and that's probably because if they did, you wouldn't ever end the tutorial. The game has so much complexity to it that you're going to want to have YouTube open, whatever databases or guides you can find, a friend on skype, really anything to help you understand a new part of the game you've decided to dabble in. For some, that's incredibly daunting and I can't say everyone would enjoy the game based on this aspect. And this isn't me saying ""GO BACK TO YOUR BABY MMOS YA BABIES"" I mean seriously, this game is a lot to take in and I'm surprised even I can handle it. While I believe you can take the game in any way you like, you still might get curious one day and find a whole new aspect to the game that doesn't suit your fancy, or it's just so horrifically complicated at first that you aren't going to understand it until your 15th fail stack. Now personally, I don't mind having to research an aspect of a game, and I even personally have a journal where I jot down notes for all sorts of games I play (I'm a huge nerd, I know this). But some people want to hop in and just play to end-game, which is okay. Having to find and research your way to the end-game isn't always fun, and I understand that.So with all of that said, my final verdict is this: if any of this sounded appealing to you, give it a shot. Given that it casts it's net very wide, you can probably find something you'd enjoy in this game. But, be prepared to do some research, as some of the time you're just going to be confused, no matter how much experience you have with MMOs or in-game economies. If the mention of a cash shop that DOES benefit players deterred you entirely, then, ah well, that's fair, and I'd even encourage you to look elsewhere. Despite it being solely convenience items, I can't dispute the fact that they do exactly that. And finally, if all of this sounded appealing to you, I almost plead with you to play this, as I ended up finding the MMO I was looking for, and I hope you do to.Thanks!-ScrumpyEdit: Wow! Thanks for all the reception everybody. Glad to see this review is helping people. After discussing the game with a prospective buyer, I realized I totally forgot to mention that the Black Desert Online site DOES ALLOW A 7-DAY TRIAL. Please note, the account used for that trial and the account used in Steam CANNOT BE LINKED, but this is a way for you to try the game and see if you like it! If the $10 or the cash shop is concerning, give the trial a chance and see, and then decide what medium you would want to purchase it on. I'd recommend using the trial and then coming to steam to start anew and know what direction you want to pursue, but please keep this in mind! Hope this helps!"
,Recommended,582660,32014379,Posted: 28 May,all,Yalori,"PROS[Combat & Gameplay]- By far the best combat system in any MMO, hands down- Very interesting skill points system, focusing on killing enemies instead of lvling up- Amazing graphics, realistic, original- Excellent world design. All the areas aren't just tiny ''hunting grounds''- Very generous towards you. Constantly gives you  inventory expansions, gear, and other things you find useful in your journey, making you feel like the Pay2Win claim is quite a bit undermined.- Classes are variable and changes at lvl 56 with the awakening.- Armor rental. For the first time ever, i find a game where i actually have great use of renting armor. It's more or less free as well, as you get back the 'contribution points' you spent on renting the armor when returning it. This system is great and beginners like myself should take great advantage of it.- Extremely complex 'society mechanics' within the game in comparison to other games- Intriguing storyline. Would recommend skipping everything as we all probably do, but focus on the cutscenes and the shadowy companion. Watching him grow and transform is really exciting, and it makes you want to keep going just to see how far does this little guy really go[Community & Social aspect]- Great community in terms of chatting, lots of fun topics and trash talk, discussions, help, and other- The Marketplace is complex at first, but it's very easy to list your own items and quickly gain currency to buy yourself new equipment- Items in Markeplace are relatively cheap for starters, while the really good items have their strong values for the hardcore people- There is enough guilds recruiting the new players and try to bring them in and help them out[Misc]- Either the third or fourth most popular MMO out there right now, WoW being first with FFXIV following just after, and then comes either this game or Runescape. Should tell you why so many people play it- Incredible detail to character customization- The 'Esc' menu, although can be hard to navigate, has about everything you could need if you can't find something otherwiseCONS[Combat & Gameplay]- Combat system is basically Mortal Kombat. Lots of complex combos and patterns to remember. Luckily, you have a hotbar. I recommend learning the basic abilities while putting the more complex-performed abilities on the hotbar, as well as utilities like the horse flute if you've got an explorer's package and health potions.- Combat is a cakewalk up untill 30, then monsters get progressively tankier up untill 40, where they start to get slightly more difficult. Up at 50 you're likely to die quite a few times if you're not paying attention to your health. Monsters get much tankier and do harsh damage. This is not really a con, but this curve is rather quick and can take you by surprise.- Game is pretty lonely. Even if you bring a friend with you, it doesn't appear to be much connection in terms of doing activities together. It's focused on yourself and your journey is going the much like a single-player experience, but the world is still filled with life. Guilds and PvP, as well as wars is where the game shines and brings you out of the lonely wandering.- Guiding system is sometimes missleading and in some cases bugs out.- Server lag spikes can happen at peak times. In personal experience it's been minor and not a significant issue- Lots of trees and graphics popping in. Very noticable unless you play on ultra high, which rarely a standard gaming rig can handle- As any MMO, classes tend to be unbalanced in PvP and 1v1's are rarely a fair matchup.- Easy to exhaust and burn yourself out. Take a break every now and then-The complex society mechanics can sometimes feel inefficient, such as your horse is in the stable in the town you left it at, 4000 metres away, or your good weapon you couldn't equip at the time is a 15-minute walk away because you had put it in the storage in some city you probably can't even remember- Game can be quite daunting. The world is as huge as the elder scrolls universe and it's easy to get side-tracked and get lost[Community & Social aspect]- In the European region, there is a lot of non-english speaking people in the global chats. Primarily Germans, Dutch, and Polish, as well as French- Cost energy points to talk in Roleplay/Server/World chat. This makes sense, avoiding global channels from being spammed, but it can be frustrating because there's lots of great memes and conversations you might want to take part in, but you have to make the decision between chilling over there or saving your energy for lifeskills or conversing with NPCs- Turn off system notifications or get spammed every 0.5 seconds in the cat with ''X has gotten Y!'' Honestly i have no idea why this is on by default.- No 1-on-1 trading, most probably due to an attempt to stop global chats from spamming ''WTB/WTS'', although it still happens- There's something about a trading fee percentage unless you get a Value Pack.[Misc]- While the game is generous and gives you lots of stuff through your journey, one thing it gives you early on is a 7-day Value Pack. It's great, really, but the problem is that this is a marketing strategy in order to get you used to having the benefits of the pack straight off the bat, so once it actually depletes you feel like you're playing at a 'disadvantage' when in reality you're playing vanilla. It's an attempt at making you want to subscribe for the value pack. If you can see past this, then it is only more power to you because you get a 7-day Value Pack free! Additionally, it also gives you an idea of what the Value Pack offers.- Very large file. Somewhere around 49GB, which might be problematic for some- Gender locked classes. I absolutely hate this. Feels like you're playing as somebody. Somebody not being yourself. It makes it hard for me to get immersed in the world if it becomes more of a movie, because the character i play is not even the same gender so how would i personalize it to my liking to get myself in to the world? I forgot to mention that some classes have a male/female equivalent, such as the Kunoichi being a female version of the Ninja- However Kunoichi still differentiates at lvl 56 with the awakening, getting a chakram instead of a katan and turns more AoE-based and ranged. While most clases have a gender equivalent, they still do differ just a tad bit.- You really, really do need pets and potentially weight efficiency. People saying you can buy pearls off the market or pets are kind of - kind of not wrong, because the problem isn't that you won't be able to afford it, the problem is that everyone has the money for it, meaning as soon as it shows up on the market, it's gone in an instant, making it very hard to actually buy cash shop items for ingame currency-Random banter-I can't talk about lifeskills as i haven't spent enough time on it. All i can say is, the amount of hours-vs-price you'll be paying is highly likely to be worth it. Game is flawed and can feel like it's not a full experience just because of how ridiculously huge it is and all the activities to do- Feels like you're basically never going to finish, as well as the cash shop makes you feel like you miss out and waste time because you're not paying to have efficiency.Overall this game is surely not like any MMO i've played. It might look generic at first with a desert type theme or a forest theme, but if you pay attention, it really is much more original and not just ''Ugh great, it's that forest area like in all other MMOs''. I usually hate forests in MMOs, they tend to be the most generic and standard template out there, but it really, really feels original here. I can't stress that enough. There is a ton of beautiful areas you can just sit down and breathe in for a bit.I was going to add critiques against this review here, but i don't have enough space, the review has reached its cap."
76561198045554613,Not Recommended,582660,34828380,Posted: 8 September,all,Valzek,"You will love this game for awhile. Maybe even too much; however, the end game system revolves around blowing up all your gear for a small chance that one item might upgrade. This is pretty much designed to prolong the game's life. It's simply horrible and extremely unfun. I don't mind the challenge, but the entire process is seriously awful. You have to build ""fail stacks"" on trash items to increase the chances of the item you actually want to upgrade. Problem is, the trash items will frequently upgrade and you will have to throw them on an alt character with negative karma, have them die 10-20 times to guards for a chance that the item might downgrade. This is all done just so you can repeat the entire process all over. By the way, each fail also costs you millions and your items downgrade and have to be enhanced all over. To be honest, no one in this game thinks enhancing is fine whatsoever. I just blew up all my gear going for TET (+19), and I don't really feel that it's worth it to continue anymore. I play games for fun and this system is not fun whatsoever.In addition, the NA/EU versions are completely out of the loop. Take Valencia for example, this is supposed to be a viable end game grind region with multiple good spots, and for Korea, it absolutely is. Korea has daily loot scrolls they're given for logging in, which increase drop rate of items significantly. For NA/EU, we don't have the loot scrolls. Why? No reason, we just don't. Thus, the only good grind spot in Valencia is Pila Ku. This means that pretty much from level 51+ you'll be fighting for a spot at Sausans or Pirates. Fun times.This game has a lot of potential, but the disconnect between the developers and NA/EU publisher is just too much, and there are no signs of it being fixed. There are tons of other things wrong with the game like artisan memories (huge P2W) and the karma system for pvp. By the way, the base price of the game is deceiving because pets are required and eventually you will want more weight upgrades, maids, and possibly processing outfit, etc.This game tries to squeeze money out of you at every turn. Save your time and money. Look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,582660,32260554,Posted: 7 June,all,Havoc,"(Update 30. June 2017 - Addendum at the end of the review)Actual review, not just whining about rootkits for a change, coming right up.Black Desert Online is a visually stunning and complex MMO with incredible potential but falls completely short of realizing it due to the majority of gameplay elements being designed with microtransactions in mind.Let's get the good things out of the way:The game looks really damn great for an MMO, the character editor is easily among the strongest I've seen in any game.Combat feels responsive, tactical, 'kinetic' for lack of a better word, it mixes a classic cooldown hotkey-sequence stereotypical MMO system with fast and fluid DMC-style action combat, and does so very well.A huge, rich... partially immersive world, full of lore and happenings all around the player. It's a joy to explore it and there are many beautiful sights to take in, whether you want to, or not... which brings us to the automatic pathfinding:Easily the most sophisticated system I've seen in any MMO, just place a marker on the world map and press a button, and your character will find the safest route there, with a 99% success rate.But here's where we're already leaving the ""nice things to say"" territory...While the game has some very nifty quality-of-life features, it's lacking entirely in others. There is no ""effective"" quick-travel system. If you want to get from one end of the map to the other, you will have to run, or ride a horse there. There's a method to get your character from one major city to another, but you'll have to log out of that character and wait regardless.You can view your items in storage from any point in the world, nifty, but storage is separated for every village and town in the game, expanding that storage for cash is an option, but for each of the five gameworld regions separately.Character inventory has been doubled down on, not only do you have a limited amount of slots for items, but you also have a weight capacity for each of your characters, a savvy design choice if you plan on selling very expensive inventory and weight limit expansions, for each character separately, of course.Defeated enemies drop an impressive amount of loot, which is great, but the loot stays locked to you for a very short time, and disappears a short time later, manual looting is very slow, and depending on server load hugely influenced by lag, encouraging you to buy pets, all of which loot for you, and you can equip 4 at once. Incredible!To cut this short: The game is meticulously designed to maximize the rppu (revenue per paying user), to a point where the community itself will react negatively to people questioning whether or not this game is p2w ""pay-to-win"".It's not. It is however designed in a way that paying will increase your enjoyment of it exponentially.You WILL hit a sort of paywall eventually, no matter which aspect of the game you try to focus on, because each and every aspect is fully built around a p2e, pay to enjoy system. And most paid elements are cleverly priced in such a way that a more expensive option will always feel like a more worthwhile one.An example: You grew to dislike your characters looks, you can eitherA. Buy a 1-time coupon to change it once for 8€B. Buy a 30 day coupon to have the ability to change it more often for 10€ orC. Just go for a 30 day premium subscirption for 15€ which offers you a wide range of other benefits, like enabling a dye function for all your gear which includes all the dyes available in the game, which would alternatively also cost 10€ by itself.The marketing psychology is clearly at work here, trying to leverage as many fallacies as a human could potentially commit, in order to convince you to buy something which has no intrinsic value.But that's enough of railing on the business model, I just wanted to give potential buyers an insight how far their entrance fee will get them, let's move on to the remaining cons:One big issue I found is how the game offers close to no social elements. Some even go as far as to say it's a singleplayer game with always-online. And after over a week of play I'm inclined to agree. At no point between level 1 and 56+ will you find the need to join up with another player, that will start once you want to get into very endgame stuff, most guilds won't even let you in unless you're level 56+ and have maxed out your gear.Only endgame boss hunting lends itself to cooperation, the party system is extremely barebones, and you have to go to extensive effort to synchronize questing together unless you start playing with a friend from level 1.Which brings us to the last point, which also offers a bit of an explanation to the previous one: The community.Unless you get accepted into a guild, which will then almost instantly treat you like family, which is nice, most of the players you'll get to interact with are on a level of ""toxicity"" that rivals overwatch and league of legends.It gets worse once you get past level 50 and the open-PvP system kicks in. If you dare to as much as get near a popular grindspot you will be attacked and murdered on sight without warning. Sometimes you get a bit of a warning in the form of vigorous insults, and once you're killed by players of a much higher level, you will be further insulted and blamed for making them kill you. (To be fair, that happend only twice each, the rest of the time I had a lovely grind at sausans)Generally: If you value your time, money and dignity, avoid this game. If you have too much of column A and B, and none of column C,  then feel free to make this the new thing that will distract you from commiting suicide for a while. Or just invest in a Traveler's Package, play for the 30 days you'll get the included premium service and then quit and never look back.30 days is more than enough to see everything the game has to offer.###Addendum:After receiving some valid criticism after writing the review I've now stuck 300 hours into the game to see if there's more, and I can safely say there isn't. The game essentially turns into an idle game if you consider focusing on any of the ""life skills"" on offer. And easily 150 of my 300 hours have been spent having the game do its own thing over night. The softcap to your exp makes it absolutely pointless to do any combat once you've hit level 56, unless the weekend double exp is active, the rest of the week you may as well just do the afk-portion of the game.I've also been accused of playing WoW and I can assure you that this is not the case. I've only ever played one western MMORPG and many, many Korean ones.Furthermore I have left out the fact that there's a ""Loyalty"" currency in the game, which lets you, in theory, buy a very limited selection of cash shop items with time instead of money, in my opinion this is irrelevant since the rate at which ""Loyalty"" is accured will never become useful to the average player and is entirely negligible to new players and should not be a factor in a purchase decision.So again, if you can get this game on a sale, you can enjoy some of the fun combat(if the servers ever stop lagging), but if you're not into that kind of thing just keep in mind there are many free idle games and cookie clicker clones on steam."
,Not Recommended,582660,32140847,Posted: 2 June,all,Eriugam,"Black Desert Online installs XingCode Anti Cheat Rootkit onto your computer when you install the game.The 'anti cheat' does not uninstall once you remove BDO from your computer, you have to locate and delete it manually via regedit. The rootkit inspects everything you have done on your HDD over the last 48 hours, even if you have uninstalled the game.At no stage of the installation process are you warned that Xing Anti Cheat will be installed on your HDD.No thanks."
76561198041561982,Not Recommended,582660,34441790,Posted: 23 August,all,Reckless Troll,"I've been playing BDO off and on since it came to NA. Recently, I switched over to Steam after a long break away from the game. Currently in a love hate relationship with it, I've been back and forth with the idea of a positive or negative review. I've seen a lot of people making negative reviews but they only complain about the anti-cheat software. I've seen a lot of people make positive reviews but only drool over the combat gameplay. I'll try to be a bit more... fair. Grab a cup of coffee and prepare to read a long♥♥♥♥♥review.Black Desert Online is a very unique MMORPG. It's character customization is among the best I've ever seen, only surpassed by the likes of a heavily modded Skyrim. It's combat style brings some new and refreshing mechanics, steering away from that boring ""Tab 1, 2, 3, 4 DON'T STAND IN♥♥♥♥♥♥, 5, 6, 7 style of combat that many MMORPG's are built around. It also provides your typical professions you'd find in most other MMO's, fishing, ""blacksmithing"", farming, and some professions that don't exist in many other MMO's such as trading and hunting.The ability to do all the professions AND without going to a trainer or being limited on how many you can learn at one time makes them a welcomed design. However, doing them is very different than you would typically do them in other games. In this, you instead hire workers, invest in nodes that surround major cities and towns, and send your workers to gather resources, then tell your workers to make an item. From merchant wagons to fishing boats, from armors and weapons, to refined materials or even trade crates. The options are almost limitless. You can even help your workers by gathering things yourself.The combat system is very fun and unique, offering the ability to put most skills on a very small, very limited action bar, or to press button combos to activate skills. The animations that come with this combat is also very well done. The graphics are also among the best you'll find in an MMO, unfortunately they come at a price. Even on high end systems, FPS can and will drop into the low 20's in major cities, mostly due to over population of other players, the option to hide other players in said cities/towns would be a very welcome option. Sometimes you can't even find an NPC because so many players are surrounding it. Graphical ""pop in"" is also another major issue and kills some of the immersion when flora and shadows is just popping into frame as you approach. Despite some of these flaws, it looks fantastic, and it is, to an extent. However, with every positive this game has, there's a major negative that comes with it.While BDO has appeared to perfect some areas of the genre, other areas, it miserably failed. PvP is one of those. Yes, I know, the hardcore PvP buttboys will hate what I'm about to say here, but it's true, and it just about ruins the whole game. Once you pass level 49 and hit level 50, you enter a permanent ""flagged for PvP"" state, where, you can and WILL be attacked at anytime, in any place outside of cities and towns, by other players. You have a choice when you hit level 49 whether or not you want to hit level 50. There is one MAJOR problem with this. Listen up devs, you need to be aware, because quite frankly, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. If you choose to stay at level 49, you miss out on a substantial amount of the games content. Areas you just can't go to because the enemy levels are too high, despite having an excellent gear score, you wont be able to compete much. Due to the level gap, your accuracy falls off, making it near impossible to fight in areas of a higher level. Also, awakening weapons/skills you can't access until level 56. Which brings an entire new page of extremely powerful abilities and a unique weapon that you'll never be able to use if you don't want to be forced into extremely unbalanced PvP.That's the biggest problem with PvP. There is ZERO balance, yet they force you into it. People just one level higher, or with +10-20 AP/DP more can easily defeat you. Skill holds no place and only gear and level play a role in how ""good"" you are in PvP. PvP should have remained only in battlefields, and guild wars, or at the very least given us an actual PvP toggle that completely eliminates PvP for those of us not interested. Yet it's every where and prevents PvE content access. Not only that, but other players will harass and attack to prevent you access to certain quest areas, grind spots, resource nodes and even towns and cities.Another massively huge failure is the ""Marketplace"" (auction house). The Marketplace was designed around preventing gold selling and real money trading, which is nice, but losing 35% of every sale, forcing users to buy the cheapest item, and a RNG bid mechanic that prevents users from buying anything until that bid is over... it's an absolute mess and it sucks. Let's touch on it a bit. The bid mechanic. So, when an item is placed on the market, it's up for bid by anyone. If 10,000 people bid on it, then RNG kicks in and says, one person can buy it. It's not a, ""who offers the most money"", but a ""Whoever RNG decides is worthy"". Also, forcing users to buy the cheapest. The biggest issue with this is, if 100 people are trying to buy the same ""cheapest"" item, then it comes down to who can click buy and mash the spacebar the fastest so you get it first. It's so impossibly difficult to buy popular things, such as Memory Fragments,  off the market because of this.I do also have a huge issue with their ""not-so-micro-transactions"" and it's just that, not so micro. $40 for a non account bound, single character outfit does little more than showcase the ""Asian Greed"" we see in so many games coming out of Asia. It shows they care more about money than their product or customers.My current review score will be negative for the time being. When the devs change a few mechanics, I will definitely give this a thumbs up.WARNING: To those ""policing"" reviews. I understand your fanboyism. However, it is unwelcomed here. Anyone who attempts to troll, insult, provoke, debate, lie or mislead via the comment section will have their comments deleted and if harassment continues, you will be reported. Keep your fanboyism to yourself, you cannot debate facts.TLDR, message to the devs.Devs, why restrict your player base by forcing a mode that, according to polls and studies, only a rather small minority of players want to take part in? You may be happy with a million players, and you'd probably do quite well for yourselves. What if you had 2 million? 3 million? 5 million? You know why games like EVE Online has such a small playerbase? Because they force PvP. Some of the best, and most successful MMORPG's in the industry have optional PvP and in no way force it, nor lock PvE content behind it. World of Warcraft, Guild Wars 2, FF-XIV and many more, All MMORPG's that have a massive multi-million fan base, they all also don't force PvP. There's no reason to lock PvE content behind PvP, and no reason we can't have PvE servers, or at least an actual PvP toggle. Until you stop forcing PvP, and stop locking PvE content behind PvP, my score for this game will be negative."
76561198016890539,Not Recommended,582660,34602002,Posted: 30 August,all,BooDaddy,"I did enjoy my time with BDO, however there are a few issues I have with the game that ultimately led me to move on to greener pastures.BDO has a  beautiful, expansive world, interesting enemy design and excellent combat make for an exellent experience .  There's an incredible amount the player can do.  Crafting, cooking, horse taming and breeding, gathering, fishing, fighting, world bosses, PvP and repeatable quests are all available. It's a sandbox MMO so there's plenty to do if you feel like doing it.There's little reason to get invested in the game's story, however. It seems tacked on as an afterthought to lead new players from area to area.Endgame is also very lackluster if you don't want to PvP.  It's all fine and good whilst you're levelling up, seeing new areas, killing new mobs, but when you hit the soft level cap and you've been there, seen and done that, it leaves you with little to do save for dailies and a very slow, repetitive grind.  There are engame PvE dungeons, but they are so far out of the way and require such high levels and top tier gear that they may as well not exsist for the majority of players.Despite the fact there is so much to do, the game does an atrociously poor job of explaining anything to the player, it's irritating to need an entire wiki and multiple youtube videos just to grasp the basics of how to play the game and how to progress.  Many essential mechanics are never even hinted at to the player or are so easily missed or dismissed as irrelevant that the player can end up gimping themselves for weeks of real time play as a resultBDO also is also like that psychotic girlfriend you used to date.  It'll demand your full, undevided 24/7 attention, even more than other MMO's and woe betide you if you aren't slaving away to please!  Even casual players leave the game on overnight or when they're at work to regain energy or to earn passive coin via fishing.  Not doing so is far more detrimental to your overall experience than you'd  think.The game is so grind heavy you need evey single coin, every energy point, every bit of exp and consistant advancement just to have a chance at competeing and even then you can spend literal billions of silver, a months worth of grinding and selling items on the chance to upgrade a piece of gear only to have RNG dictate it blows up in your face leaving you with nothing but an empty gear slot and another months worth of grind just to get back where you were!However the real killer for me was the community and the PvP mindset.  Simply put, BDO has the most toxic community I've ever experienced in an online game, worse than any other MMO, worse even than League of Legends at it's lowest and that's saying something.The in game chat and naming policies are almost wholly unmonitored and unregulated.  Racism, homophobia and downright offensively degenerate garbage are mixed in with tasteless non-memes and mindless, repetitive spam. Actual questions about gameplay and mechanics are often ridiculed or ignored entirely.  The game cultivates and even encourages a bully boy mindset with unrestricted open world PvP that leaves everyone but the best geared players squabbling over scraps.Anyone with more levels and better gear than you can and will butcher your character for whatever reason they deem relevant and you will have no way to fight back.  You simply cannot farm mobs in many end game areas of the world unless you get very lucky.  Geared players will often kill you  simply for passing through these areas in case you might decide to attack and kill 'their' mobs and take 'their' loot and exp.  Even farming resources , like cutting trees or mining rocks in the same area as another player is likely to see you casually murdered if they think they can beat you.  Don't even go afk to the bathroom whilst standing in a non-safe area unless you want a 50/50 chance of coming back to a dead character.To compete at this level , as I said, you MUST dedicate your life to the game.  High level players have such a massively insurmountable head start over new players than unless you do no-life the game intensively for months or get incredibly lucky with drops, you will NEVER be able to compete. Or pay real money to catch up fast.One of it's most debated points is the the fact that BDO IS Pay to Win.I'll re-iterate that point. The game is Pay to Win.  This is NOT opinion.  It is FACT.   Many naysayers of the P2W arguement would claim the game is only pay for convenience.  Pets to pick up loot, costumes to give more exp, weight increases to carry more items and so on.  Some of these things can be obtained via the in game currency market, others cannot and in a game where every single coin and exp point is valuable, a player who spends real money for conveniences so they  can spend less time farming to earn that level or upgrade will have a massive advantage over a player who won't.More than that, costumes and pets can be sold for silver and then used to buy top tier gear from the marketplace, gear that a non paying player may have to grind for months to obtain and still never be able to afford. Even if this silver is used to buy upgrade tems, replacement items if upgrades fail and so on, it can shave off weeks and weeks of farm time. There are also some items and services that are impossible to obtain unless real money is spent.Even the most adamant defenders use the arguement that 'It would cost thousands to fully upgrade you with the best gear' so it's not pay to win.  However by that admission alone they acknowledge you CAN buy the best possible gear with real money if you're willing to pay for it.This game is all about the competitive PvP scene and you CAN use real money to gain an immediate advantage over someone who will not spend money.I myself may play from time to time in the future with friends or just to revisit old areas and level up a new character, but I will never set BDO as my main, go to MMO because of this reason and the atrocious community.So with all that in mind, if you want to experience it, wait for a sale, spend nothing in the store, get to soft level cap (56) whilst experiencing everything that makes BDO fun ,then move on unless you decide that the rancid community, putrid attitudes and extremely lengthy months long grind that can be removed by spending real money don't bother you."
,Not Recommended,582660,32091595,Posted: 31 May,all,Shlappy,"Its an extremely fun game. Some of the best fun I had in an MMO in years. I refuse to recommend it though because of the silent installation of its rootkit, I mean anti cheat.It scans all the files/paths youve accessed in the past 24-48hours and uploads them to a server for anti-cheat purposes. I get it, I hate cheaters too, but that♥♥♥♥♥♥is unacceptable."
76561198005428262,Not Recommended,582660,35286936,Posted: 29 September,all,GhostFS,"The definition of wasted potential.And I enjoy games with rewarding grind so it's not due incompatibility with the game genre.PRO:Nice combat. Nice graphics. Nice world. A very original blend of management and action. Features rich.BAD:They all blow those good things for the decision to force the player to extreme, daily, AFK intensive, not fun, not rewarding grind.And this seems to be done for a simple strategy in mind: annoy the player until he pay money for in game items to ease the suffering...So what you have to expect is:-Long AFK ""play"" is require. So keeping the game in system tray while processing.-""Events & Reward"" generally are about being online 5-6h a day at least, daily attendance, repeat every day few fetch/produce/kill quest.-Pay for in game items. The game is absolute hell if you do not pay. In particular, small inventory, overweight, unnecessary travel for to perform small chores, manual looting of the hundred mob/hour you kill... will drag down the play experience.-Absolutely uncalibrated grow. Rushed early level advancement, and grind hell after liv 56.-Uncalibrated PvE. Let's clear this. You are not rewarded to go to challenging  zones. This game is made to kill armies of mob, very fast. And it's fun for a while. However this means that you need to go in zones where you outgear and outlevel the enemy, and stick to those areas killing the same mobs for hours, days months. Otherwise, it become exponentially longer to advance, in a super grind game not a wise decision.-PvP... is fun only when you duel someone of you same level/gear-level. In those rare occasion is rewarding challenging and require skill. But is a rare condition being extremely gear based in the extreme majority of case you outgear or be outgeared making the fight too easy and not rewarding for the stronger, and annoyingly hopeless for the weaker.-Weak and butchered story. Story is fragmented. Mostly because accelerating the grow in early level. You will solo kill in 2 hit ""cooperative Bosses"". You will encounter block and jumps in the story... as part of the story was cut off, put as optional, moved to a later part of the game... the narration as result is a complete mess. So basically the main story  and 1-50 level growth is a long tutorial.-RNG. Everything is random. That it makes sense or not. This give a “slot machine” feel to all the game. Luck worth more than skill.Loot? RNG, ok. Even if a bit exaggerated. You can get in few kill what other grind for month to get if you are luky.Gear Enchanting? RNG, with damaging/destroying resources, so be prepared to blow month of grind worth of material in a try to upgrade something .But they extend this to things that don’t make any sense. For example in the desert you get A debuf that require to drink water. Nice. But is RNG. So sometime you can travel in the desert for 30minutes without getting the debuf… and sometime you can get it every 30 seconds. For my travel route in the desert, 20 minutes on cammel I drink from 0 to 30 water bottles. -_-"
,Recommended,582660,31943865,Posted: 24 May,all,JackE,the deserts aren't even black
76561197976548259,Not Recommended,582660,33044257,Posted: 30 June,all,[M]urray,"The game concept was amazing the 1st 3 days I played it with 3 of my friends... we tryed different grind spots, leveling up and getting some gear here and there was very interesting then we joined a guild, I must say EVERYONE in the guild RainingHostias was lovely and so friendly that they made me stay ingame for a while since playing with them was awesome.now to the reasons that made me quit playing the game.bought the game for 6€ to find that the real price of the game is minimun 46€ if you want to grind you WILL NEED 4 pets (10€ each) to loot for you or die pressing ""R"" key for endless looting turning yourself into a not efficient at all player in partys...so yeah we are on 46€ if you got the game on the 6€ sale. lets carry on...the more your grind the more you start to feel like you need to buy the Value Pack which is a 30 days buff that gives you more inventory slots, carrying capacity and removes your -30% penalty from Marketplace sales. What does it mean? well if you want to sell items to other players in the market place you will get no cut from the game system if you paid the 15€/month value pack which turns into a something you WILL NEED or feel like you are loosing money on every single item you sell...ok then for grinding and selling drops on market place in a 100% eficient way we are now on 46€ once + 15€/monthonce you get to understand the ""life"" and ""tradeskills"" you start leaving your character AFK the whole time you are not actively playing it, which somehow feels like the game wants you to be more time AFK than playing... (if you pay for your electrics bills watchout) this game would have a much better AFK system just doing a mobile app to do some stuff instead of the kinda-like-a-real-job AFK system that makes come back to the computers every hour if your haven´t got the 15€/month Value Pack becaouse your character wont have that much carrying capacity and inventory slots for AFK work...the above was about the basics on the game and money...worst than anything above... the game bacame incredibly boring once everything is clear and you know what to do... you stop discovering new things and concepts... the game is all about going to a spot to grind like Sausans, Pirates... whatever it is just killing for hours the same mobs over and over to get silver... with that silver you buy as much as posible of the enchancement materials to improve your equipment (if RNG allows you to) to go back to the grinding for better gear over and over again...oh BTW how came you developers didn´t add the feture to change the worker´s names? if was rly annoying to know who was working where...well ok let´s say it happens to you the same that happened to me... I´ve got bored of the AFK system and the grinding and all I wanted is to kill other players... riiiiight the same week I decided to turn into a... more pvp active player they made a patch that will turn you PK (which makes you Kill on sight to guards) if you kill more than 3-4 players ... ok then I was aiming for node wars but I´ve got no fun there as I like more small scale pvp...if you have plenty of money to spend (and trust me Life skills can eat your wallet) and love the concept of a game character generating millions of silver passively while you are at work or sleeping and then you don´t mind spending all that money in 1 hours failing to upgrade your gear... and you rly rly rly like to be killing the same mobs for 5 hours/day THIS IS A GAME FOR YOU!but...not for me :)sorry if my english wasn´t clear enought... thanks for reading and hope you manage to enjoy this game in a way I could not."
76561198068632700,Not Recommended,582660,34577546,Posted: 29 August,all,z3rk,"Well,I haven't played this game so much to know everything, merely 137hrs but I have mixed feelings about this game. It undoubtedly has some pros like:-Good and dynamic combat system,-In-depth character customistaion-Variety of skills and things to do,-Different classes that play/feel different......but. It also has some really big and strong and annoying cons. First of all, this game is not pay to win, at least not exactly. For me, this game is pay to ""play pleasantly"", which is even worse in my opinion. Because, you see, playing this game on those 10$ or euro basic is like building a house, with your own hands. It is doable, will take much much MUCH more time, injuries may happen and sanity might decrease, but it is definitely doable. What's more at the beginning you don't feel it that bad, you can progress slowly, drown in the immersion of this game and well, enjoy it. But sooner or later you'll start feeling inconvenience. Like lack of pets who gather the stuff for you (autopick in a game where you'll be slayin milions of monsters is well, must have sadly), small weight limit which slows you down and force you to stop ""grinding"" and sell stuff more frequently  (which is gargantuan in this game), inventory space which affects you in the same way, dull character look without pearl only set (cause stuff in the game hardly changes look by itself), marketplace commision which eats your profits etc.So, it doesn't force you to spend money, but it makes the game annoying, so you either give in and spend some money (and more more AND MORE will follow) or you rebel and struggle with the game (just like trying to stick nail with your bare hand) or simply give up. The choice is yours but the game steadily push you into ""right direction"".Another thing is, complexity. Don't get me wrong I like complex games but here most info/things are either uncertain, hidden or fanmade. I have read many ""guides"" about spending energy on working nodes and well I still have no idea that that does something or not. Some people say it does, some say it doesn't, official says it doesn't but then again there are some spreadsheets which show that it does. So, nothing is certain. Same applies for hidden stats on weapons and billion other things. I like to know things not to guess them.Another thing, RNG. Everything here is random. From work orders through enchanting and dropping stuff and the chances are low because, well, the amount of grind is insane so the chances have to follow. Not to mention the enchanting system which is, whoah.Alt extremely-unfriendly game encourages you to have some alts and boi if you spend some hefty amount of money on your main and you'd realise that this second character is better, you have to spend most of the money from the zero.Complete lack of progression, at some point the amount of silver/time needed to jump by at least couple AP/DP points up is breathtaking. Bah, due to RNG you can actually decrease in power when you fail to enchant your stuff tet+. So you can spend many days grinding/farming/skilling/whatever just to try to progress, which may fail, and you'd be in the same spot(or even lower one)So, TL:DR, game is fun, animations are cool it might hook you up for some hours, but deeper into the forest the more trees appear and if you are casual, this game is hardly for you, if you want to devote your life and wallet for it, go for it!"
,Recommended,582660,32315429,Posted: 10 June,all,Whitemire,"Why I recommend this gameI have really liked playing this game, its cheap (£6.99), there is a ridiculous amount of content, there is a huge map and I really enjoy the combat. If you like open-world style games or MMORPGs then you will likely enjoy this game!XignCode Anti CheatAs for the XingCode Anti Cheat ""RootKit"", I really haven't found anything conclusive to say that it is doing anything malicious on my computer, only reviews saying that it does. Please leave a comment with a link or some information if you find otherwise as it does interest me still.One issue I have:In my opinion I don't think there is much in the way of helping new players, the community is where I had to look to understand quite a bit of the game. Here are some videos that I found helpful:Black Desert Online - Ultimate Beginners Guide (TheLazyPeon)Black Desert Contribution Points, Nodes, And You Guide by Professor Gumble(MMOs.com)Black Desert Online - Energy And How To Increase It. (EnderrGames)Black Desert Online - How To Restore Maximum Durability On Gear (Meoni)"
,Not Recommended,582660,32082067,Posted: 31 May,all,Der Kneiprige,"Great game - but i won't recommend it regardless cause of the silent installation of dubious anti-cheat (kernel-rootkit), which can't be removed easily (and isn't auto-removed after deinstalling the game!!!).For a little more information:http://steamcommunity.com/app/582660/discussions/0/1290691308571849109/http://www.wellbia.com/home/en/pages/xigncode3/"
76561198130811662,Recommended,582660,31938367,Posted: 24 May,all,Pappi Cholo,"I have been playing BDO for about 10 months now.Game is fresh, with beautiful graphics, INSANE amount of activities to do (harvesting, cooking, alchemy, processing, hunting grinding, small scale PVP, huge scale PVP, sieges, horse taming and breeding and so on...) that will keep you in for a long time!Its korean mmo, which means, you will grind a lot, fail item upgrades often. Its just different kind of mmo, very different from some classics like WoW. It sure is frustrating often, when you fail you high grade upgrades and have to keep another week to try again, but than again, when you succeed, you will get this feel of euphoria.Obviously, game is not perfect, It has its deal of cons, but then again, Its probably best and deepest MMO atm, and its for 6 euro only, its just instadeal ;)"
,Recommended,582660,31968028,Posted: 26 May,all,Bamanboi,It has butt physicsI meanDo I need to say more
,Recommended,582660,31963620,Posted: 25 May,all,Zerenade,- Really cheap / No monthly cost!- A really cool Node System!- Amazing Crafting Features!- Probably the best Combat System you can find a game!- Amazing Abilites / Effects!- Energy | Contribution | House | Investment | Workers | Horse Breeding | Day / Night Circle!- A well made WorldMap!- I remember I cried when I first got my Awakening ;p
,Recommended,582660,32055067,Posted: 29 May,all,JmannDX,I just spent 7 hours walking in a circle carrying a bag of chickens so I can get stronger and carry more chickens. 10/10
,Recommended,582660,31939270,Posted: 24 May,all,Leviathan,"If you are going to buy this game listen to me.. don't rush. Take your time. You will find yourself at level 50 realising that you don't know anything about how the game works and that you haven't done anything but grind/doing only main quests. This game is very complex and can be overwhelming for any new player like myself.The game is NOT pay2win (just to be clear - in my opinion P2W only means damage advantage paid for with your credit card.. not exp boost or pets or costumes or other things.. these things are just a convenience for me, not p2w). Not a single object from the real-money shop will help you in PVP/PVE. (Some will argue that the Desert/Ghillie costumes are P2W because it hides your username in pvp so you are harder to spot. I disagree but everyone is entitled to their own opinion). If you want you can buy some costumes to look cool or inventory expansion slots which can also be aquired by doing in-game quests or weight limit increase which can also be aquired by having in-game armor/belts with weight limit increasing bonus. IN MY OPINION maxing out your weight limit and inventory space is for the hardcore players since they need a lot of space for resources etc..The game is currently 5.99 euros .. you will get a lot of gameplay hours for those 5.99 euros. It is not a fortune so you won't lose anything. Even when the offer will expire and the game will become 9.99 for the most basic package (which is all you need in my opinion) it will still worth it. Some of you will get dozens of hours of enjoyment for such a small price.Give it a shot and don't listen to all the haters screaming p2w and whatnot.Also mandatory to mention:-Great graphics-Great combat pace-Great combat system-Great gameplay overall"
,Not Recommended,582660,34866428,Posted: 10 September,all,Thot Knight,"Hey, I've played this game for 250-300 hours, and I've come to the conclusions that this game is really bad. Like really, really bad. I'll try to keep the review simple to the best of my ability, whilst still giving the reader and good understanding of the negatives of the game.Getting from level 1-56 is an easy thing to do, there's not a lot of complex leveling requirements, but past level 56 it gets substantially harder, and takes much longer. for example, playing on a ""returning player"" server (+200% xp), as well as using xp scrolls, (around a total of 250% xp), for an hour of same level grinding with okay-good gear, only gives you about 3-5% of the entire xp bar on each level past 56, it also goes down after each level, so once you get to 58-59, you will only get about 0.5-1% xp per hour of grinding. The game is really grind heavy at higher levels, which is a big negative for me.Pay to Win, but still a chance you can get bent over by RNG!RNG IS ANNOYING * The game is very RNG, all the time. If you want to upgrade your armor/weapons it requires black stones (there are 2 types of stones armor/weapon stones). upgrading accessories requires another accessory of the same type. The upgrade itself is not guaranteed at all, it is a chance to proc an upgrade. When you fail, the durability of the item goes down by 10 (total of 100 dura on each item). You can repair the durability, but you need a blacksmith NPC and another item of the same type to repair 10 dura each repair.Upgrading Items Sucks * Since the upgrading process for items is RNG, there's a function in the game called ""failstacking"", where you take another piece of armor, or a weapon and keep failing to upgrade it so you can boost the chance of upgrading another item. The problem with this is when you are trying to failstack on another item, to upgrade your equipped item, you have a chance of proccing on the failstack item, which removes all of your ""failstacks"". You have to use black stones to failstack, which gets really expensive.Item Levels are fine, but the upgrade process sucks * weapons and armor have 20 max levels, 1-15 are the regular levels, and 16-20 are the higher levels. for 1-15 you use regular black stones, which already costs a significant amount of money in the first place because the market system is messed up (i'll explain later). levels 16-20 costs even more than 1-15 because you need ""special"" black stones, called Sharpened Weapon Stones, and Hardened Armor Stones. These stones cost 3-4 times as much as regular stones, and the chance that you can ""snipe"" them off the market, is next to nothing, because the market system is sucky, and there could be a chance that people use market bots to snipe items.Market system Sucks * The market system in the game works by a bidding system, but the bidding system is complete RNG. When you want to buy an item, the lowest priced items have to be bid on, you can't buy anything that's listed if there's already a lower price item listed, so you can't skip the bidding process. When you bid, each person that bids is given a chance to win the bid, There could be 10 people bidding, or 100 people bidding on the same item. once a person wins the bid, they can buy the item. There is a pre-order function where you list the amount ur willing to buy, and the price for each item your willing to buy, but if somebody has a higher preorder than you, they get the item first (it's competitive) although it's not guaranteed at all, you don't get a guaranteed item if you have the highest preorder, items still have a large chance to go to the bid.Items in Market are price fixed * The developer of the game price fixes items in the game, giving them a max price and a min price, many of the popular items are fixed to have a minmax that is the same value, such as a weapon black stone's price is min 300,000, and max 300,000. This means that items that should be much lower in value on the market, are inflated by the developers so they can have more control over the game's markets.Grinding for Black Stones is Hell on earth * The chance of black stones dropping from enemy mobs is really low, about 1-5% chance on most mobs. This means the most black stones you can get in a day is really low as well. You would think there would be a bunch of quests that you can get black stones from daily, which is wrong. Most daily quests do not give you black stones. the only quests that give you black stones are the quests in which you recieve tokens called ""seals"", I did a few of them, and then they stopped popping up, and i couldn't complete any more of them. So you only have a certain amount of black stones you can get in the first place. Eventually the most reliable way of getting black stones is purchasing them through the market. Which really sucks because they cost significantly more than they should, because getting them is hard af. and they are price fixed.Black stones are rare, and you need a bunch to upgrade armor, but it's not a guarantee because of RNG, so you could waste more than 50 black stones just to get enough failstacks to upgrade a weapon from +17 to +18. easily, getting a weapon or armor to +20 will require over 1000 black stones, it's extreme RNG just to upgrade your gear so you can fight mobs and not die all the time.Ways to downgrade items so u can keep failstacking on them * the only way i know of to donwgrade an item so you can resume failstacking, is you have to create and alt, below level 10, and kill a horse to get negative karma, then you have to die with negative karma and your +15 armor will downgrade to +14. That's a whole lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just to resume failstacking. it's dumb af.The looting system is dumb af * There is no area loot in the game, it's done on a 1 by 1 basis, so you have to keep going around clicking your loot key to loot all the dead mobs.The only way to speed this up is buying a ""pet"" which is a little companion that goes around looting for you. But the catch is, the pet doesn't area loot, it does loot by the same 1 by 1 basis. And each pet costs $10 USD. $10 USD for a pet that only picks up one loot node every 10 seconds max, you can get them to do it every 4 seconds, but that's after the pet levels up to level 30, which takes a long♥♥♥♥♥time to do. you can have a max of 4 pets at a time, so $40 USD gets you enough pets to pick up 4 loot nodes every 4-10 seconds.$40 for a function that should be free by implementing area loot like in all the other MMOs i've played. SWTOR lets you area loot everything in a 100 mile radius for FREE!So the game is semi-pay to win, meanig you have to invest money in it if you want to have a good time, but even if you invest money, you are still going to get F***** by RNG and waste tons of stones, which means tons of time investing in the game amounts to nothing because you can't even upgrade your items from +15 to +20 without spending almost all of your bank money in-game.Grinding for upgrade stones is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the microtransactions are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the market is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game itself is even poorly optimized.I have a i5-4690k which is OCed, and a AMD r9 gaming GPU (8 gb gddr5) along with a lot of other good components, but every time I go near a city, it fails to load the cells and I get stuck in a graphical tear for about 15 seconds before the cells load.Thank god i only spent $9 USD to buy the game, but I really wish I didn't spend $10 on that stupid ♥♥♥♥ing pet. That $10 could have gotten me something else, much more useful."
76561198012151274,Not Recommended,582660,33977728,Posted: 2 August,all,Jenkai,"Once you spend hours getting to endgame you realise the point of the game is to just grind non stop until you have the most silver. No dungeons, I guess you can raid some bosses. PVP is crap, you have to be fully geared in order to do anything in PVP, other mmos have level matching which would be better.I loved this game for a while, spent all day and night playing, once I started getting more experienced I realized that they make a lot of small things very inconvenient to where you are forced to buy more stuff from the pearl shop, such as pets to pick up loot fast enough, or maids and extra inventory space because you get over-encumbered so fast.The game has beautiful graphics and amazing combat, I just wish they didn't make it a grind fest and force us to buy all these things. If you have no life, get this game because you can't do anything until 150+ hours. It became to where I felt like I needed to play and my life revolved around the game. I feel like a weight is off my shoulders now that I stopped playing."
,Recommended,582660,31942737,Posted: 24 May,all,Abz ⸢Editor⸥,"I give Black Desert Online: 8.5/10Total time before Steam release:70+ (Estimate)Note: I've played this game before steam release with 6 characters on soft cap and 1 over soft capSPOILER FREE!In a world of fantasy where travellers set out on their own journey of adventure. Where they travel from one settlement to another in search of a better life. They meet other fellow trailers along the way and cherish the memories that they have along with them. Welcome to Black Desert Online.ProsCombat:The combat and classes in this game is very promising and special. It's action combat at its finest. This game makes you feel really bad♥♥♥♥♥with the amount of diverse classes that it has although some of them are gender locked. The combat revolves around you levelling up and as you level up, you get to unlock more powerful skills within you respective role.Graphics:Most MMORPG games have very bad graphics, not in black desert online though. Black desert online has some of the best graphics I've seen for a game. This games level design and in-depth modelling models in beyond what other MMORPG's can do. The lightning is what makes the game truely amazing and beautiful.Character customisation:Most MMORPG's have like a template where you have to follow, and this leads to a lot of characters looking the same which is a real big turn off for me. That's not the case in Black Desert Online, This game has an insanely in-depth customisation that makes every character look unique in their own way. This customisation on its own is aesthetically pleasing.ConsPerformance:One of the biggest issues this game has is it's performance, mainly the texture pop-ins. At times I feel there is no point in having a tier 5+ horse since their movement speed is too fast for the game to handle and thus causes freezing which is really annoying at times. However, it's mainly the text pop-in that made me put it on the cons list but other than that, it runs fine on any kind of hardware.Clothing:Another con about this game is the clothing that it provides can be near the same as you got when you was a level 1 (not including cash shop items). I feel like a more diverse range of clothing would make the game even better and make it stand out further more.Grind:Now the grind isn't too great but its big enough to set it as a con. After hitting level 55, it becomes significantly harder to level up the character as there are little grind spots that are over-crowded by fellow adventurers doing the same thing. If they add in more grind spots or make the game more fun whilst grinding, it can make the game feel a lot better.I hope you enjoyed my quick review of Black Desert Online. I highly recommend this game to fellow MMORPG fans around the world as I would love to see a bigger community for this game. The bigger the community, the more content that can be pushed out by the developers. This game has every MMORPG element that is required to make the game feel immersive and enjoyable.Character CustomisationStoryGraphicsPerformanceSoundtrackEnjoymentOverall108878108.5"
,Not Recommended,582660,32166745,Posted: 3 June,all,TigerWarrior24,"You know, after 7 of my friends and I bought this game and all ""played together"" every waking moment for 3 days straight, I have to say...This is probably the loneliest MMORPG out there.I haven't played ALL of the big name MMORPGs, but this game just feels... so damn lonely. We were all in a Discord chat together talking, hanging out, and discussing the game, but only for about an hour -- at most -- did we ever actually do anything together, and that was all of us just messing around with the duelling option. Other than that, the experience is completely solo. All the real people in-game just feel like extensions of AI that cluttered up my screen and took up CPU usage. I mean, you literally do nothing with anyone else. Nothing. Endgame is a different story, but through the levelling and exploration and crafting process, there is zero player interaction, unless you want to waste in-game energy points messaging in chat, that is.I convinced all my friends to buy this game in hopes of all of us playing and interacting and questing and raiding together, but this game disappointed me in that regards to a point where I would not reccomend this game to anyone looking to play with their friends or to socially interact in any meaningful way for at least 50-60 hours (if you don't just treadmill grind your way to level 55 as fast as possible and try to join a guild, anyway). Even then, the interaction extends to your guild, at best.To me, the whole point of an MMORPG was to interact, socialize, and roleplay with your friends and the community, but this game taught me, more than in any other MMO, that nowadays this isn't a must-have in today's MMOs."
,Not Recommended,582660,34564471,Posted: 28 August,all,Mythical☪,"I am constantly being asked by friends whether they should get this everytime I go to play this game. So this is for them, and others interested...""Why are you playing it right now if you don't recommend it.""- Because I am having fun with it right now, or just to help a friend.WHAT IS THIS GAMEThis game is an MmoRPG that is heavily focused on making money, way more than it has to do with actually fighting or leveling up. At the beginning of the game all you will do is grind until you have reached ""awakening"" which is essentially the point where you get to use a main MAIN weapon and unlock new abilities. The rest of the game you will spend trying to make money, or if you are in a guild, wasting time doing contracts and occasional node wars.WHAT THIS GAME DOES WELLThis game has a fantasitc combat system, where you use a combination of keys/clicks to use your abilites rather than an assigned number like WoW. Don't worry it is not complicated and you get the hang of it quite quickly. The effects from your abilities feels fast, and powerful. The game overall is really beautiful, and makes you want to explore.... if you had time to do so that is. I like the fact that this game kind of gives you the ability to take on a profession, which is pretty necessary. The community is pretty awesome and helpful usually. The game also promotes using alt's, infact it is quite necessary to use alt's, they have several uses.- Combat is fun, fluid and enjoyable- Visually beautiful and grand- Roleplaying elements- Good community- There is always something to do.- Alt accounts are rewardedWHAT THIS GAME DOES BADThe biggest flaw with this game is it's learning curve. I get it Mmo's have learning curves, but it is not the curve it's self that is the problem, it is that things that could easily be explained are not, and it is done through shear laziness of the developers. To give you an example, lets say you decide you want to mine gems for money. You go out, buy a pickaxe, and go to a mine where emeralds spawn. You can tell they can be mined and are ready to be mined because of a shimmer. You go over them and press ""r"" and nothing happens. So why can't you mine it? The game doesn't tell you, it doesn't even tell you that you can't mine it... just nothing. The reason is either your pickaxe is too low, or your gathering is too low. How could this be solved, by having a notifcation pop up that says why you can't mine. Instead you have to sift through multiple forums to find you that you need to be ""prof 5"". What does ""Prof 5"" mean? What is that referring to? And so on and so on. You will literally have to look up the most simplest tasks all the time. I could go on and on with examples of where this game fails to tell you basic information, that could be solved with 1 line of coding.One of the only things this game mildly teaches you how to do is enhancing equipment to +15, anyways... What you need to know about that is... DONT DO IT. If you talk to anyone who has played this game, the first thing they will tell you is, anything you need you should just buy, because you will spend infinitely more trying to upgrade your equipment. You can make money from multiple things in this game, but not enhanced gear. You can sell if for a lot, but not nearly as much as if you just sold all your black stones (enhancing resource). This is probably one of the worst parts of the game, seeings as it discourages players from creating weapons and seeings as selling them will always put you at a net loss.The market is pretty awful too. The game is full of hidden stats, and in the market there is a really big one. So pretty much any item that has constant listings will be placed on the market in bid mode. What happens is everyone goes to buy that item and you name gets put in a draw, and a person is randomly selected from everyone that bid. When I say RANDOM I say it really losely, as this is where the hidden stat comes in. Players have a better chance of getting items from the market based on a threshhold they hit that is measured by how much real world money you have spent on the game. So people who pay money for things in the store have higher priority during the bids. Due to this, if you don't plan on spending money you could easily spend an hour trying to buy 1 item. (I would like to mention here, that I heard this from several experienced players, who have put probably close to 5000 hours into this game if not more. I have not been able to confirm this from any online source, so take this point with a grain of salt.)Speaking of paying real world money, pets is the biggest aspect of P2W in this game. You can have upwards of 4 pets at a time, and it is pretty much essential to have upon reaching high levels when you don't have time to stop and pick items off the ground. They have ""maids"" which do multiple things, such as buy items off the market from anywhere, without haveing to go to town. Costumes that boost your efficency while doing a profession. Camoflage which hides your name tag, which pretty much makes you completely unnoticable in pvp, especailly in group battles like Node Wars. Gimmicky underwear which gives you +1 luck. Items to make you inventory larger/carry more weight, and so on. The P2W aspect is not nearly bad as most, but there are aspects of this game which pretty much making it detrimental that you cough up some extra money. It is actually essential that you spend some money in the market... It feels like you have only purchased part of the game if you don't. In addition, almost everything costs atleast $20 or more... which is expensive for cosmetics.Nodes, are actually an awesome idea, and Node wars are pretty fun, the problem is mainly the fact that it is designed in such a needlessly complex way, and the UI for it could be drastically simplified to the point where you don't need to spend an hour going through different versions of tutorial videos trying to understand it. Also, it is never explained how or what is required to replentish your workers - which is beer. This kind of makes this whole system fall on it's head seeings as everything comes to a grinding hault until you figure that out.- Nothing is explained- Enhancing is a money burning sim- The Market is awful- P2W is essential- NodesThere is plenty more I could comment on, but what I have above is pretty much the main things.SUMMARYThe game can be fun, but it definitely requires a special type of person to really enjoy it. It is not like most mmo's which is refreshing, and does not feel super grindy, atleast in combat. If you have a lot of free time, and don't mind shelling out more money than the purchase price, then this game might be for you. I wouldn't say this game is bad, I wouldn't even say it is not fun. This game is good, and is fun, it is just sloppy in how it is given to the player, and requires a lot of time, ESPECIALLY in a guild. I highly recommend playing this with a friend, and not by yourself. For me, this game began to feel more like a chore than an actual game. I logged on because I had to finish a contract, or because I had to feed my workers. I also felt obligated to play because of the money I had put into the game (shame on me). I feel relieved and happy that I have time to play other games, and do other things. You don't think you're not having fun until you take a break and realize how much time you've wasted to accomplish something so incrimentally miniscule.For those who enjoy the game, more power to you, I guess I just don't have it in me.  (:"
76561198071541103,Recommended,582660,32058467,Posted: 30 May,all,xDarkxGamingx,"This game is amazing.  But I'm going to give you my opinion on the ""P2W"" System. And the Value of this game.The ""P2W"" features are Pets, Cosmetics, Inventory Space, and Weight Limit.PETS: The Pets will loot for you on a small cooldown (4-10 seconds). Can Use up to 4 at a time. Greatly speeds up grinding.Alot of games do this now or add in a a loot radius feature. This game doesn't have a subscription so they opted for the pet method.  Also these can be bought in game for silver. Rather cheaply even..just pretty rare to come across.COSMETICS: The Cosmetics do ""help"" in game a bit. For example, all Underwear adds +1 Luck.  The outfits that people seem to complain about being P2W however They hide your name. (How OP!! /sarcasm)INVENTORY SPACE: You Can have a total of 192 slots of inventory space.  You get some spaces for free while you are lvling and questing. You can buy 1,4,8, or 16 more slots through the CS. Now, you think this is bad but once you get all the spaces thats all you ever pay for it. and its 192 SLOTS I can think of plenty of larger MMO's that dont let you have half of that.WEIGHT LIMIT: Every item In BDO has weight (mostly). This is another thing you can buy and have forever. And yes it will help you while grinding. This combined with the Inventory Space will minimize your need to return to town to sell your spoils.Now that we have Covered all the ""issues"" Lets go over how much all this will cost you should you decide you want it.(Note: you can still play just fine w/o any of it. All they are is QoL features really.)Base Game: $9.99 USDPets: 11.00 each lets say you buy 4  so $44.00 USDCosmetics: The "" P2W"" PvP costume Costs $34.00. The Underwear costs $7.00 USDInventory Space:  For this are just gonna do the +16 Inventory Expansion you would need about 10 of these to max outthey cost $14.50 USD Each so about $145.00 USDWeight Limit: You can buy 200 LT, 150 LT, 100 LT, and 50 LT Coupons. You can use each of these only once per character for a Total of 500 more LT. Assuming you buy all of these they will cost you  $46.00 USDOk, So what we have here is a total cost of all the ""P2W"" that is deemed ""Nessesary"" and the game itself.Which totals to:  $289.99 USDSounds like alot right? But heres the thing.1. You need none of this stuff. and2. WoW has cost me about $1400.00 USD ($420.00 just for the game.) and that isnt including Pets, Mounts, ETC.. And I still don't have  192 Slots of Inventory.And that cost you can pay for it over time.... 10 bucks here and there wont be missed even by the poorest of people."
76561198049663166,Recommended,582660,32026890,Posted: 28 May,all,BOT Juan,Finally finished creating my character
76561198068899654,Recommended,582660,32033057,Posted: 28 May,all,Shelene,"Opening Thoughts:  Never played game till yesterday. Read mixed reviews.  Watched countless videos on Youtube. Almost did not buy as people who love game and hate game are equally passionate!Picked Dark Knight as I could locate the most about leveling. After watching Streams and the leveling videos, it was the only character type I liked. Realizing people had had issues, and my computer was not a gaming computer I was not sure what to expect so ...** When I read you must have 16gig of ram, I immediately turned down setting ingame.** Watched video about needless chat information, so I turned it off when able.** There was a setting, that asked about Frame Rate - I actually turned it up.** I bought Explorer Package and chose the Cat Pet as it collects, gathers, and a couple other things I like. Game provided mule but package a horse.  You had to go into mail and select each item to get the 24 hour things started or at least that is what I did.** I am so glad I watched videos first as I knew before starting what skills to seek and what areas to go to (or so I thought). I decided to play the game slowing and enjoy it. I picked up so many things, that in selling I had a quick 4 mil.** Finally, (maybe), in 2 days I am confused about many things. Yet I have been completing Black Spirit, daily, and inventory quests first.** If the game does not provide content, I will have issues, If the game crashes or explodes, or forces me down a path or a guild I do not want to do or join, I will have issues.** But to say the game has massive issues now (for me) respectfully is not there - AGAIN, FOR ME!!!These are just my initial thougts after two days of play.  I do not know a soul in the game or anyone surrounding it.If you agree or disagree - that is fine - this is for me and we all must be true and hold to our opinions - agree to disagree.I just wanted to put my initial thoughts out there.  Thank You!!!!"
,Recommended,582660,31966894,Posted: 25 May,all,de5ync,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! I'm blown away by this game, for the 6 bucks this is one of the best mmorpgs I've played. The combat is amazing!! You really get to feel like a badass flipping around doing all this crazy♥♥♥♥♥over the top martial arts♥♥♥♥♥♥ The character customization is mind blowing, you could literally log MULTIPLE hours just customizing your character if you wanted to. The graphics are top notch and other than some frame drop in big cities it runs like butter on my sorta fancy but not really fancy machine. I'm rocking a GTX 950 with 2 GB ram on it. No issues logging in, no issues at all. For $6 I am EXTREMELY satisfied and look forward to playing the absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game."
,Recommended,582660,31988181,Posted: 26 May,all,Quesadillah,"I have played numerous of MMORPGs for years now, and I definitely recommened playing this game if you enjoy playing MMORPGs, or if you're not very familiar with this genre but want to get into it. For the price, its worth it.• There are various choices of different classes and builds depending on your playstyle.• The character creation is very detailed and you can spend a lot of time creating your character if wanted (I spent an hour).• The combat mechanics look and feel amazing, which is my personal favorite of the game. You do combos by remembering key patterns, but luckily there is also a hotbar to place skills like most games of this genre.• The overall graphics design is stunning and looks very clean compared to others.• The story line is interesting, and the main quests and side quests are not ridiculously stressing but more so balanced and rewarding. The quests give you equipment, inventory slots, energy, contribution points, and other things to help you with your game progression.• There are unique features such as having workers, crafting, enchanting, and etc. Skills like gathering, fishing, alchemy, cooking, and etc. Similar to Runescape if you are somewhat familiar with the game.The game itself at first is fairly easy to begin with, and in time gets a bit more grindy, talkative, and you travel alot (but thats like any other MMORPG). The grinding (PvE) begins to change as you level higher and higher. 1-56 shouldn't be too difficult. 56 and above is when things REALLY begin to change. Exp rate is... depressing. Very grindy. PvP end game gets pretty crazy and you need to be well prepared/geared. Once you hit level 50, PvP is enabled once you leave safe zones. Be ready for random fights over grinding spots or just because people want to fight lol. Doesn't happen too often, but will happen. This game may have situations that will be confusing to understand and get the hang of things, but as you become more familiar, it becomes extremely addicting to play and full of enjoyment. There is alot to do in this game. Actively playing or while you're away and afk. Whether it is doing life skills or grinding or questing or boss faming.[I placed links at the bottom that has guides for everything you need to know/learn about in this game. Also links to Discord channels that are specifically for certain classes to get a better understanding on gear, skils, and so forth. I recommend checking them out to learn more and to go to for help if you happen to get stuck with something. Discord groups, Google, YouTube, and the BDO community will be your best friends.]I got this game for 40% off because it was on sale, but it is still really worth it to buy it at full price.. it's only $10 for such an addicting game that has so much to it. Overall, it's a unique MMORPG that is highly enjoyable and has special features compared to other games of this genre which makes it one of a kind. Have a good one guys and hope you enjoy the game! ;)vvv LINKS TO GUIDES, DISCORDS, & MORE BELOW! vvv--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Noob/New Player Guide:https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/6a1vp6/a_true_bdo_newbie_guide_from_a_newbie/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pro/In-Depth Guide:http://dulfy.net/2016/08/05/black-desert-master-guide-list/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Grinding Locations (By Gearscore):https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/5orkr7/answers_faq_about_grinding/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------BDO Map & Nodes:http://www.somethinglovely.net/bdo/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------BDO Database:http://bddatabase.net/us/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Enhancement Guide:http://forum.blackdesertonline.com/index.php?/topic/122642-alexmac-enhancement-guide/--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Need help with anything for your class?Below are links to Discords according to specific classes:Sorceress -https://discord.gg/eF27h7gMusa/Maehwa -https://discord.gg/6ThcWqxNinja/Kuno -https://discord.gg/VSuuF5gRanger -https://discord.gg/HjXSfkfTamer -https://discord.gg/zn6puC6Valk -https://discord.gg/XrzrZznWarrior -https://discord.gg/6s3ZBRNWitch/Wizard -https://discord.gg/tsSvKsGZerker -https://discord.gg/hRXwB2DDark Knight -http://discord.gg/nF6xb3gStriker -https://discordapp.com/invite/aNKNnBJ--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Follow my Twitch Channel:https://www.twitch.tv/quesadillah;)"
,Not Recommended,582660,32028955,Posted: 28 May,all,byblo,Rootkit/anticheat Xingcode3 silently installing itself as a Windows service without any user consent or warning !This third-app is NOT mentionned on the Steam store.Recommended reading about it:http://forum.blackdesertonline.com/index.php?/topic/38734-anti-cheat-protection/
,Recommended,582660,31940348,Posted: 24 May,all,[STX] Fayled Xperiment,"+ good combat / skill system+ nice graphics+trade market: you can buy pets, costumes & value packs (from cash shop) also on the normal trade market when for sale via bidding+ loyalty system > you get 100 loyalty / day (if logged in) to buy some stuff from the cash shop (you also get some login and e.g playtime bonuses in addition over time)+ it is one large map where you can run from one end to the other without a single loadscreen (or have bought / crafted a boat for some of the islands)mixed (depends on your POV):~ this is mostly a grinding game, so if you like to quest, you can and reach the higher levels, or just do the tutorials to some point and grind your way up...it's up to everyone how they want to play)~ story / quests is okay, but nothing extraordinary~ after lvl 50 the game has open world PvP...so you can attack anyone or be attacked by anyone after that if PvP is activated by the one starting it~ you can do a lot of  job-related stuff while being afk (fishing, cooking etc.) as long as you stay logged in (no auto-logout)negative:- community / public chat channels (loads of cancer as in most MMOs)- lots of PvP griefers- real money stuff from the cash shop is quite expensive and mostly character bound (costumes, inventory expansions...) except for e.g. pets- the standard pop-up settings of the game can be quite annyoing because every second something shows up, but it can be turned off in the menu in different parts- sometimes if not looked after carefully in the graphics menu the ""energy save mode"" will be activated which will result in a log of laggingthere is still more, but i wanted to keep this short"
76561198153513803,Not Recommended,582660,35282167,Posted: 28 September,all,ij,"Consider this game as your fling. Everything is addictive for a shortwhile ,but in the end will be bitter. It is like drinking energy drinks to get you high ,but like every drugs, you know what it will be.Don't look for inspiration or heartwhelming experience here."
,Not Recommended,582660,32146223,Posted: 3 June,all,【ㅋ】【ㅋ】【ㅋ】🤖,"Orgins/Blizzard spyware 2.0This is a fantastic game and one of the best experiences I've had playing an mmo in years, but the spyware problem can't be ignored remember when people got pissy when orgins and battle net scanned your entire computer?Oh and its not p2w that was a nice change in the world of mmosUsually when companies say they will respect my privacy they sell it to advertisers.And all of that is ignoring the fact that there is a chance somebody can get access to all of my files because of it. Thanks BDO"
,Not Recommended,582660,33025396,Posted: 29 June,all,banshee,"I enjoyed the time I spent in the game. They game itself is pretty good, I don't really like the style too much but it is fun. The problem I had with it is the anti cheat service used. It has access to EVERY file and your computer and can modify them. Whether Xingcode uses this information or not still means someone could breech Xingcode to get all your info. It is a huge breech into your computer. I would not recommend playing this game because of this.Did I mention when you uninstall Black Desert Online Xingcode doesn't uninstall but stays on your computer, also it slows your computer down and is running in the background even when not playing the game or even after you uninstall BDO"
,Recommended,582660,32241935,Posted: 7 June,all,Sasaki,"So after100 Hours, I think I can make an informed opinion about this game. It's an MMO, so I don't see how others can play for 4 hours and then decide its a bad game? I wouldn't exactly call this a review, you can go read someone else's, yet I really want to address somethings that I feel hold people back from even trying this game.So on that note, I'll start withthe most common problems that you'll read in the reviews(and they're things I was worried about too).The Anti-Cheat RootkitThis is something I see pop-up alot and many people for some reason flag it as a massive problem. For those of you that don't know, BDO installs a Anti-cheat rootkit which does exactly what it says on the tin. Many people complain that this is bad conduct as the game does not alert you that it does this, yet the majority of multiplayer games/platforms will do this too (Take Blizzard's 'Warden' or Valve's 'VAC' systems). This is just clutching at straws, especially since it doesn't affect you outside the game (or inside it for that matter), yet most portray it to be like a virus magnet or an intrusion of privacy. I'm sure that it's written in the terms and conditions that they do this, just most choose to ignore it, and even if it's not, someone please explain to me why installing an anti-cheat system is bad conduct? I mean let's say Valve gave you the choice of wether you wanted to use VAC or not? Exactly that's a ridiculous thought.Is this game Pay 2 Win?Long story short: No. To everyone, P2W is different. To me personally P2W is when you can purchase something that puts you well ahead of everyone else who doesn't pay to win. And this game doesn't do that. All the top players have got there through putting in the time and effort, not through dishing out dolla'. But there is a Micro-transaction shop. The majority is cosmetic, yet there are some convenience items such as inventory space upgrades. Even the items which seem pay to win on paper(I.E the Elions tear which insta-reses you), really aren't that helpful and don't really put anyone at a disadvantage. Not only that but with the market system, you can buy the majority of Micro-Trans items with in game money (If you can get to it before a long term player snipes it). Overall, no matter what you buy at most it gives you a very insignificant Temporary advantage. Especially since the majority of these items (if not all) can be earned in-game.Isn't this game just a grind fest?Yes. Put simply this is a grindy game, and if that's not for you, you probably wont enjoy that part of the game. You can only gain exp through killing mobs for example. It's very Korean-MMO-Esq and its not a surprise that its a grind fest. ESPECIALLY the gear grinding. You could spend days maybe even weeks grinding for the best gear in the game, and this is perhaps one of the biggest downfalls of the game. While end game is what you make of it, if you plan to get the best gear, prepare to spend potentially hundreds of hours grinding away at the same content, with the hope that maybe just maybe, you may get a piece of boss gear in your life time.Yet, if that isn't your goal, It doesn't feel like you're just murderising' everything. If you wanted to, you could get to level 50 in a few hours (near enough level cap, which ranges between around 59-63 from server to server). But there's quests to do too, which are a nice way to fill the time, as you will grind as a benefactor of questing.So What else is there to do apart from grinding?Well. Alot. There's a whole lot to do if you don't feel like monster crushing.-You can try and harvest materials around the map and process them into other materials or use them for things such Alchemy and cooking. Yes it has all the standard proffesions such as fishing and cooking.-You can start a farm. Farm simulator 2017, nah mate, you want BDO. Essentially, you place a fence somewhere in the world and can plant crops. The day and night cycle, aswell as the zone, ground type and weather all affect the crops. Different crops grow at different rates, and there are tonnes of possibilities out there.-Node Empire. Throughout the world, you can find nodes, which essentially are any town, outpost, city ETC. There are several main cities throughout the world and every node connects to one of these cities somehow. You can hire workers and send them to these nodes to do different things, from mining ores to farming crops, It's like having a world wide corporation. The workers themselves only need lodging and beer. You can then use these materials or sell them on the market, and with alot of workers you can almost monopolise the whole world.-Horse and pet breeding. Yup, you can go out, catch horses and breed them. Different horses have different tiers and you can essentially breed the perfect horse with the perfect skills (you heard, horse skills). The same goes for pets (once you dish out some cash that is).-Naval exploration. Not much to say about this. Once you're done exploring the main land and the desert, then you can buy or make yourself a boat and explore the oceans. From pirate jungles, to blue whale hunting there's just as much content off land, than on land.-Guilds. Prehaps one of my favourite parts of the game, guilds make up a large portion of PvP and social content. Me and a friend started a guild, and within three or four days, we already have a twenty-four man guild, most of which are active players. It's very immersive too. Members sign a contract for one to thirty days and are paid everyday. Then, the guild leader can choose to hand out pay raises based on a players contribution to the guild. Then there's guild quests, which involve subjugation (kill X monsters within X amount of time), trade quests (earn X amount of money using the trade system) and gathering quests (gather X amount of materials within X amount of time). Sounds simple, yet with a group of guildies, it can be very fun and is a cool social experience.-PVP. I've dabled in this, but the PVP either requires a big guild, or a very high skill cap. There's standard world PVP and then there's node wars and sieges. Players can capture a castle and get benefits for holding it. Other players try to siege it by building siege camps and weapons. Similarly, Node wars involve guilds fighting it out to hold points on the map and gain benefits for them.-Trading. You can become a trader, wooo! You can buy things from a trade manager and take them to other nodes and sell them. Different items have different worth that changes over time, and different nodes will have different results when it comes to trading. It's also its own skill!-The combat. My favourite part of the game. Prehaps the reason grinding is actually fun is becuase the combat is fun. Each class is very unique with a pretty extensive skill tree. Its all action combat, with a large focus on combos, which I personally never experienced before. Take a fighting game, you may have an X-X-X combo, but here you can upgrade so it  becomes an X-X-X-Y-B-X sort of combo. There's alot of variety and each class is fun to learn and play, and since theres alot of classes, there's alot to experience. Not to mention it's insanely satisfying. Every hit shows through animations, the audio ques are great, and the shaking screen effects make it seem like there's recoil with every hit and it just builds on more and more immersion.And there's so much more, yet the more  I write this, the more I want to just go play the game. I hope this can help some people, atleast those that are wanting to try the game. And if you're still skeptical, just go try the seven day free trial? If you don't enjoy it, you don't have to buy it, But if you do, the game is like £6 so you cant miss out. Just don't go in expecting it to be anything like WoW or GW2, this is a whole new can of worms."
,Not Recommended,582660,32177529,Posted: 4 June,all,Professor_Goat,"Didnt realize this until I downloaded the game but BDO installs XingCode Anti Cheat Rootkit onto your computer when you install the game. The kernel-rootkit acts as a malicious program, snooping through storage devices completely free and recording everything you've done over the last 48 hours. Logins, passwords, chats etc are compromised. If you handle private or serious information over your computer, they have it. Program cant be deleted or uninstalled and a command propt has to be run for its removal.If you have unfortunately downloaded and run this game, visit this forum for the removal of xing code :http://steamcommunity.com/app/582660/discussions/0/1290691308571849109/*******as for the Dev responce : It doesn't  matter what the 3rd part anti-cheat says ""it does."" Its what it CAN DO. There's no limit to its access and there's no way to sue this company, being the region its based in, if they violate your pathetic agreement."
,Recommended,582660,31937700,Posted: 24 May,all,DarkSol,"as a returning player, i recommend this game for all its amazing featuresyou can literally do anything!it has P2W factors, but its mostly convenience and you can easily ignore them if u play for your own enjoymentPS. there are limits to the P2W factor, u can only gain 100 mil per week which can be easily obtained in 10-12 hours of grinding ( and to get to endgame using p2w methods, u probably need to spend 20,000$ +)"
,Not Recommended,582660,33822344,Posted: 26 July,all,Ensvey,"Amazingly beautiful for an MMO, inventive mechanics, and really fun to play, too. But, I had to force myself to stop playing after finding out that the endgame is nothing but endless grind. I mean, in a sense, the endgame of all MMOs is an endless grind, but grinding raids for phat loot in most MMOs is different than grinding random trash mobs for xp, equipment upgrades, and gold in BDO. Whoever you are, your time is worth more than that."
,Recommended,582660,31948174,Posted: 25 May,all,コリン,"I've played a lot of black desert. I played on KR server for hundreds of hours (before I got banned). After I got banned I went to JP and played on that server for hundreds of hours. Before my western friends even heard about BDO I already played it for easily over a thousand hours. When the game did come to the west I bought it day 1 for NA. Now I've just bought it day 1 on steam. Basically what I'm trying to say is I've been through a lot with this game and I have very strong emotions for it.There's so many good and bad things about this game and I have such mixed emotions towards it, I realized that no matter what review I wrote I wouldn't be happy with it so I'm going to try to keep it simple for you guys. BLACK DESERT ONLINE IS A KOREAN GRIND MMO. Just hearing those words I'm almost certain you can decide if this game is for you or not."
76561197961029049,Not Recommended,582660,32369911,Posted: 12 June,all,BENGALZ,"Pros:- Innovative, fluid, responsive combat for an MMO- Classes are unique and fun to play- In depth life skill / trade skillsCons:- Repetitive- Pay to advance / Pay to enjoy- Eye gouging prices- Lacking common courtesies like the horse flute from the $40 explorers pack being account wide- Lack of content (If you dare try to enjoy some world PVP and go negative karma be prepared to throw away your character and spend another $40 on inventory weight for your next character, since guards will attack you and any player can kill you, Muiquinn (Bandit town) is a joke and has no marketplace so youre f****).- Want to call your horse from more than 2 feet away? $15 (per character)- Want to have inventory weight to hold items and not go to town every 30 seconds? $40 (per character)- Want to have pets that loot for you so you dont miss loot and effeciently farm? $40 (per account)- Want to not spend the next 6 months repairing your weapon? $10+- Want more room in your stables to tame horses and breed them? $10+You get the idea...Steer clear if you dont want to spend 200+ for a month of enjoyment.If youre a masochist and rich, or like to spend money you don't have, then this is the game for you.Update 6/20/2016: So a month later after dropping 200-300 dollars on this game. After being misled by their pearl shop item and not being offered an exchange. It was the straw that broke the camel's back. I'm not dropping another dime on this ponzi scheme and I urge anyone else on the fence to stay away or dont spend a dime on this game (if that's possible).http://imgur.com/a/4HUaD"
,Recommended,582660,31951593,Posted: 25 May,all,sollgart,Important before you buy!If you already own BDO and want to have it launch on steam and get the steam acheivements you must purchase a new account and won't be able to use your old BDO account.Visit this link for more information: [/url]BDO is an awesome game for those who love PVP.
,Recommended,582660,31943719,Posted: 24 May,all,Conkerkid11,"Combat's fantastic. Best character creator to-date. And a ton of content for no subscription fee, and a really low price (at launch).One of the best aspects of the combat is that it can be largely played without using any hotkeys like a traditional MMO. You have the option to use the 1-9 numberbar you usually use, but you're better off using the button combos the game suggests. This game's combat is largely centered around combos. All the attacks are really cool to watch, and they only get better as you progress.Tips for Newcomers!If you bought one of the packs, you've gotta press ESC while in-game, and click the redeem button. Should open up Steam Overlay, and you can acquire all your stuff from there. They'll send it all to you in the mail after you've done that.Game's also got a lot of dumb features turned on by default. I recommend going into Settings->Game->Turn Off System Notifications, and ticking everything but Combat/Safe Zone and Ability Increased. That will get rid of all the annoying marketplace and guild banners in the top middle of the screen.I also recommend pressing CTRL to activate your cursor, clicking the gear in the top left of the chat box, and turning off System on the right portion of this screen."
,Recommended,582660,32265332,Posted: 8 June,all,KYS idiot,All i do is fish tbh..
76561198037832630,Recommended,582660,31985395,Posted: 26 May,all,Magic Johnson Still Has AIDS,-Butt physics10/10
,Recommended,582660,31966065,Posted: 25 May,all,jellyfishlion.dukk,"Here's an updated review since I've played way more of the game so far. Old review is a sort of TL;DR at the bottom.I honestly can't remember the last time I fell so hard for a game. Dear goodness. I'm in love guys, save me.Pros/things I like:- The world is GORGEOUS! This is a game that's simply pleasant to spend time in. The sunsets are beautiful. The mountains have a real sense of scale (only ever felt like that to me in Skyrim). Mobs are situated in locations that make sense (nagas reside in their river camp, imps are tucked away among the hills, etc). They don't feel like they've just been dropped there. It all just feels alive. You can (literally) lean up against a fence, listen to some NPCs chat about stuff, watch players move goods through the town.- Combat is very fluid and satisfying. Even though most mobs pre-level 40 are hilariously easy, it's still fun to drop fireballs on that and summon an earthquake from below their feet (I play wizard).- It's actually very much a sandbox and content is gated behind meaningful barriers. A few activities cost energy (which regenerates over time and you get a ton of as you play), such as gathering, but it doesn't feel overly restrictive. Want to cook? You're only limited by your ingredients and perhaps your skill. Armor can be worn by all classes and provides set effects - there's no level limit either. Instead, you access it by killing stronger mobs and getting drops or by saving your silver to purchase it (both options are very doable).- Interesting system that lets you buy houses in towns to use for personal space, a workstation, etc using contribution points. Help the villagers? Cool, you're allowed a house here. Need to move? Withdraw your points from that house and drop 'em somewhere else. Very fun to decorate too.Cons/things I don't like:- Some potential issues with p2w items. You cannot ""win"" by dropping loads of money on the game. You can, however, make life easier by speeding along your progress (buying inventory space, pets to auto loot, etc). Some argue that this is p2w, most agree it's more pay for convienence.- Some classes are gender locked. I guess this is just an Asian MMO thing. It sucks but at least the character creator is awesome and you can make yourself look great no matter what.- The quests/plot are really just decent. Playable, not very memorable though. I think the main quest suffers a bit from having been translated, honestly. I feel like there's just something missing. Even if you don't love the story, though, I'm sure you'll love the world.Old review (keeping it because it's still relevant):This is easily one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. Combat is fluid and satisfying. The world really does feel ""alive"" like they say, with players going about their business, NPCs idly chatting (many of whom have their own unique lines and even cutscenes when you meet them). I spent about 8 hours on my first day running around smacking goblins as some scraggly grey-robed wizard and I loved every minute of it. I'm taking it all reaaally slowly for now, just absorbing the sheer amount of detail and content there is to the game.This game is a steal even when not on sale. I highly recommend it, if only to walk across the gorgeous landscape and throw a few spells around. If the devs treat this game right, I can see it having a long, happy life with lots of players. I'll update this as I get further and experience more like PvP.TL;DR - Game's far from perfect but dear goodness is it beautiful. Come for the character creator, stay for the sun setting behind Calpheon while you feed your mount and plot a course to your favorite fishing grounds.I'll keep updating as I play more and learn more."
76561198078738994,Recommended,582660,31962099,Posted: 25 May,all,Kanri,Played for over 300 hours in the non-steam version. Playing with a friend or two will make this game worth it.
76561198031565661,Not Recommended,582660,34339578,Posted: 18 August,all,mightybooshin,screw enhancing ...that is all
76561198062763295,Not Recommended,582660,32206178,Posted: 5 June,all,ZzezZ💀☔,"Really started to enjoy this game... However after learning about the XingCode, I am uninstalling the game and having to manually remove XingCode from my system."
,Recommended,582660,31979168,Posted: 26 May,all,Zyron,"Ok so I only meant to play this game for an hour then it ended up being around 5 hours. This game has some awesome mechanics not seen in other mmos, as well as an awesome combat system which is fast and to the point. I highly recommend this game from what Iv played so far!"
,Recommended,582660,31943111,Posted: 24 May,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"// French Translatation in the last paragraph //So far , the best MMORPG ! I'll try to do PROS & CONS for you to know if you should buy the game or NOT!First of all i'm playing the game since European release so it means 1YEAR+. // Bought the game on Steam to leave a feedback.I'll be listing the PROS ![+] Free ""DLC"" Extensions. // Take example of FFXIV game is Subscription to play & DLC eg Heavensward , don't forget BDO is buy once play forever type which means once you paid , besides cash shop dev doesn't earn any money.[+] Open World PvP / PK.[+] Great Features.[+] Great Graphics.[+] No Loading Screens.[+] No noticables intances.[+] NOT pay2win ( Don't argue with me P2W = Pay TO win , do you see boss gear in Cash Shop ? NO. it's not P2W.[+] Dynamic & awesome combat System ![+] Guild , Red Battlefield , Arenas & PvP content are really good , there also Node Wars & Conquests ! You build a fort with your guild places defences barricades , flametowers ,hwachas traps & such it's really enjoyable can be in small / medium / large scale ![+] Alot of classes to play Ranged / Close Combat ![+] DPS / TANKS / SUPPORT classes ( Yes Witch / Wizzard are support yes , protective area is a support spell! )[+] Really nice ""jobs"" to do Gathering / Cooking / Crafting / Alchemy / Harvesting Breeding & such.[+] Decent economy you can make great money by grinding or just by doing ""jobs"", because alot of people say it's grind to win , indeed it is but you can do jobs to win aswell.[+] Worlds Bosses there is a total of 8 World Bosses ![+] Roleplay possibilities.[+] Alot of new classes comming.[+] Alive world , NPCS are everywhere and doing stuff! Some mmorpgs like FFXIV doesn't have that much NPC interacting[+] Support is doing his job , just be patient sometimes they have alot of tickets to answer , but usually if your problem is common or ""legit"" you'll always find a solution!Now the CONS[-] Lacking of PvE content ( We really miss Dungeons / Raids / And stuff. )[-] Balancement of classes depending on the situation and the gear.[-] REALLY long grinding to get good levels ( I'm currently level 60 it's pretty easy when you're used to. )[-] Expensive Cash Shop , but most of it are convenience[-] At that state of the game it's really hard to get into PvP if you're a begginer i mean doing Node War or a Territory might not be that easy.[-] Game is time consuming yeah this game take alot of your time , but if you enjoy it it's fine.[-] Community is like every orthers MMORPG'S there nice people and bad people. ( I'm nice ;) )[-] Really hard to take in hands require alot of time and patience once you're on it you'll enjoy alot of it![-] Karma System need a Revamp , if you kill like 4 People in a row you can go negative Karma which cause if you die off monster ExP loss,Gear downgrade.[-] For certains situations ""AFK"" crafting you have to let your computer on , same for your workers they will stop working.[-] RNG , it's a major problem on that game but once you get used to it , it's fine & fair ( not for all but for me it is ) Not gonna go into details just a Google Research.[-] Griefing can be really annoying.[-] Optimization could be alot better , we have alot of FPS drops when it come to Large Scale PvP with 100+ players ( even less ) and World Bosses in general.[-] Lack of interaction from GM -> Players / Event / Discussions etc.. (Though there nice GM Vheena if you see this i love you ? )[-] Pop-in might be a huge problem for you , for some it doesn't matter but in that game there are alot.There alot things i could add i'll just edit my posts if i need to.Overall i highly recommand that game !( I'm French sorry for my grammar problems. )French >Jusqu'à présent, le meilleur MMORPG! Je vais essayer de faire PROS & CONS pour que vous sachiez si vous devriez acheter le jeu ou PAS!Tout d'abord, je joue au jeu depuis la sortie européenne, donc ça signifie 1 AAE +. //  j'ai acheté le jeu sur Steam pour laisser un commentaire.Je vais citer les PROS![+] Extensions ""DLC"" gratuites.[+] Open World PvP / PK.[+] De grandes fonctionnalités.[+] Beaux graphismes.[+] Aucun écran de chargement.[+] Aucune instances noticables.[+] PAS pay2win (Ne discutez pas avec moi P2W = Payer pour gagner un avantage conséquent, voyez-vous le stuff boss dans Cash Shop? NON. Ce n'est pas P2W.[+] Système de combat dynamique & fluide ![+] Le contenu de Guilde, Red Battlefield, Arenes & PvP est vraiment bon![+] Beaucoup de classes à jouer à distance / combat rapproché![+] Classes DPS / TANK / SOUTIEN (Oui, Witch / Wizzard sont le support oui, la zone de protection est un sortilège de soutien!)[+] Très bons ""Métiers"" à faire Recolte/ Cuisiner / Artisanat / Elevage et autres.[+] Economie décente, vous pouvez gagner de l'argent en travaillant ou simplement en faisant du farm de mobs[+] Worlds Bosses il y a un total de 8 boss mondiaux![+] Possibilités de jeu de rôle ( RP ).[+] Beaucoup de nouvelles classes arrivent.[+] Le support fait son travail, soyez patient, parfois, ils ont beaucoup de tickets pour répondre, mais généralement si votre problème est commun ou ""légitime"", vous trouverez toujours une solution!Maintenant, le CONS[-] Absence de contenu PvE (Nous manquons vraiment Donjons / Raids / Et stuff.)[-] L'équilibrage des classes en fonction de la situation et de l'engin.[-] Vraiment long de farmer pour atteindre le niveau 59-60 (je suis actuellement niveau 60, c'est assez simple lorsque vous avez l'habitude).[-] Cash Shop cher, mais la plupart sont la commodité[-] À cet état du jeu, il est vraiment difficile d'entrer dans PvP si vous êtes un débutant, je veux dire que la guerre des nœuds ou un territoire peut-être pas si facile.[-] Le jeu prend du temps, oui, ce jeu prend beaucoup de votre temps, mais si vous l'aimez, c'est bien.[-] La communauté est comme tous les autres MMORPG, il y a de bonnes personnes et de mauvaises personnes. (Je suis gentil;))[-] Vraiment difficile à prendre dans les mains nécessite beaucoup de temps et de patience une fois que vous en êtes, vous l'apprécierez beaucoup![-] Systeme de Karma il a besoin d'un Revamp, si vous tuez comme 4 personnes d'affilé vous pouvez aller en Karma négatif ce qui provoque si vous mourrez a cause d'un Monstre vous perdez de l'ExP et risquez un downgrade de l'équipement.[-] Pour certaines situations, ""AFK"" vous devez laisser votre ordinateur allumé , même pour vos travailleurs/Ouvriers, ils cesseront de travailler.[-] RNG, c'est un problème majeur sur ce jeu, mais une fois que vous vous habituez, c'est bien et juste (pas pour tous, mais pour moi, c'est) Ne va pas entrer dans les détails juste une recherche Google.[-] Griefing peut être vraiment ennuyeux.[-] L'optimisation pourrait être beaucoup meilleure, nous avons beaucoup de pertes de FPS quand il s'agit de PvP à grande échelle avec plus de 100 joueurs (encore moins) et World Bosses en général.[-] Absence d'interaction de GM -> Joueurs / Événement / Discussions, etc. (Bien qu'il y ait bon GM Vheena si tu vois ça, je t'aime ?)Il y a beaucoup de choses que je pourrais ajouter. Je vais simplement modifier mon avis si je le dois.Dans l'ensemble, je recommande fortement ce jeu!(Je suis désolé pour les problèmes de grammaire.)"
,Recommended,582660,33359060,Posted: 7 July,all,ΣZΣ | XXE[X]oDus,"This is the MMO I've been waiting for. I would say this is the MMO I will be playing for years as so much can change and I've been burned so many times in the past. But so far Black Desert is phenomenal.Pros:Combat is just so much fun. You truly feel like a bada** and the animations and effects are so cool. It will be very hard to play a tab targeting game againGraphically there isn't another MMO that I've ever played that could touch Black Desert. It's simply gorgeous.Crafting is enjoyable. Hiring workers to do my dirty work is so nice. I'm an altoholic and being able to command my workers on other characters is great.Fishing, yes fishing. I'm addicted to it. Addicted to filling my inventory and filling my cart up with fish and making the trek to the trade manager to sell my bounty.Player housing is a mini game in and of itself.Exploration in Black Desert is quite enjoyable. From just running around exploring to crafting a boat and sailing around the world, there is much to see.Sandbox aspects. I like the fact that you can do whatever the heck you want to do or totally avoid what you don't want to do.Cons:All the current alienware and trap memes. Jesus people, please stop this cancer.No dungeons or raids. This might be a temporary issue as from what I understand the Korean version (which is ahead of the NA/EU) is starting to implement dungeons. If dungeon/raid progression is important to you this is not the game for you at this point in time.PVP focus. Those looking for a primarily PVE focused game will probably want to look elsewhere or at least wait and see if more dungeons are implemented.No player trading. I believe this was put in place to avoid gold sellers.As I said earlier I like this game. A lot. I see so much potential here that I am really excited to see what's on the horizon. Unless there are factors to this game that you simply cannot get past (PVP focus, gender locks, no tab targeting) I don't see how you will get at least a couple months of enjoyment out of Black Desert. Not bad for $9 in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,582660,32398326,Posted: 13 June,all,Cmdr_Anax,"Pro:It looks nice and the character designer is its own game.Contra:I tried it because i was under the hopeful illusion that you buy it and maybe have to buy a few cash shop items and then can play it on and off whenever i want.No.It's a commitment. If you ever want to play competitive PvP(at max lvl, which is a softcap @ 56-59 atm) you can grind more or less for a whole year 24/7. For gear, for life skills for everything. And it's not casual play over a year either. If you are not actively playing, you better grind afk over night.And then the cash shop. If you ever want your character to look different from the more or less one standard armor style you get on your chosen character class, better be prepared to drop 30€ per outfit. And that is the least of it.It is not P2W... it's P2lookdifferent, P2notgetinsanelootingallthecrap(the pet system is horrific, even if you don't want 4xt4 pets be prepared to drop at least ~80 € on the cashshop for t2~t3).And the RNG... if you want to burn money fast.. just go to a casino. Your chances of not losing money are better there than in BDO. And it takes way less time to throw your money away at blackjack or roulette.But i'm probably not harcore enough, i probably just don't have the will for the raw commitment in money, time, and more money it takes to play this game the way it is intended.TL:DRYou can try the ~10€ version of the game, it is the best proportion of disappointment/money in a mmo steam game atm."
76561198306162382,Recommended,582660,32060295,Posted: 30 May,all,Tommy Gun,"Wow, okay this will be my first legit review for any game ever. please keep in mind that these sort of games are my favourite kind to play, so althoug imperfect, i may be a little biassed towards it.I was very cautious when considering whether to buy this game or not. The Steam reviews have not been so good so I really fought with myself for two days before crumbling under the pressure and buying it. I mean what's the worst that can happen? I paid $6. After playing for a little bit over the span of two days, i have quickly realised that this game has consumed over thirty hours of my life. I realised that Steam reviews can't always be trusted, considering that this game has less than perfect reviews, but I do know this type of game isn't for everybody. Everybody has their tastes, and I STRONGLY suggest you at least give this game a try. You get a free two hours afterall. I will warn you though, you may easily waste two hours creating a character so i suggest you use a base character and go straight into the game to really get a feel for it. I'll also say that you should NOT go into this game expecting an RPG game. it is NOT an RPG. I would consider this game closer to a Sandbox MMO, due to the fact that you'll find yourself not really roleplaying all that much like you would in games like Skyrim or Runescape even. You can be a fisherman in this game or a trader, but you'll feel the same way doing both of those activities, although they are so diverse. so now that we have that out of the way, I will say that this is one of the best Sandbox games that I have played in ages.First impressions: I will admit that I still have no idea what Im doing in this game and there are all sorts of items and little things that buff your items that I have no experience with. Google hasn't been able to really help me always, but so far 99% of the players in the game are more than happy to assist me. I have barely explored the world, so there will be all sorts of features probably left out of this review, but after thirty hours, i feel that a review is appopriate.Pros:-Epic combat-Beautiful graphics-A dozen of skills to spend hours training-Massive open world-Decent servers (mostly)-Autorun feature (no quick teleport so this feature is a godsend)-An interesting Node system that allows you to own properties (I haven't fully explored this feature so please Google it if you're interested in learning more)-A marketplace that allows players to trade universally with each other-Guilds/ Clans allow you to interact with other players and become a part of the communityCons:-you need to pay real money to really make your character look any different-The game can stutter at times-servers are sometimes unstable during the day-Sometimes the chat can become a toxic mess (can disable)-The UI can get a little spammy (can disable)-Sometimes it really feels like there's too much to do and might become overwhelmed-Once you get to a higher level, killing enemies becomes very very easy-Can't do individual trading with other playersAll in all there really is no need to ever pay more money than what you paid in the original price. most things that can be bought with real money can be aquired from a few days of grinding. This game is not perfect, but it has been such an enjoyable experience for me. The best advice i can give anybody considering buying this game is to not expect an rpg like WoW or Runescape, but instead expect an openworld Sandbox style MMO. Another thing to keep in mind is to not take this game too seriously. I have seen countless people complain over ""the grind"" in the game istelf. yes there does involve a bit of grinding, but if you play this game somewhat casually to have a fun time and waste some time, then the grind feels much more enjoyable. For people who have played Runescape (Specifically Classic), the grind in that is much worse than the grind in this so it shouldn't be a problem for those people. Players will definitely need to invest some time in this game to get far, but so far after thirty hours, it has not once felt like a chore to me. I STRONGLY recommend that anybody buy this game and give it a try for $6, but i do believe that once this game is no longer on sale, The price is still very much worth it. The game normally is $10.99. Even investing a mere twenty hours into this game means you've gotten your money's worth, and I know that for me, I can easily put 100 more hours into this game. After casually playing for thirty hours, I have ONLY discovered 8% of the world. This game truly has so much content in it. Im so pleased that this game has been brought to Steam because before that, I had never heard of it. i would love to see this community grow bigger in the future. I strongly advise you to at least give this game a try. You may be strongly pleased, and if not, that's perfectly okay too! This review definitely isn't very well thought out or written, but after over a day of constant enjoyment, I figured that I had to write a review for this game, because I strongly believe that this game is of higher quality than what the overall rating for this game displays. After 100 hours i might realise there's a fatal error in this game, and if there is, I'll be sure to update the review. For the time being I know there are many many people on the fence whether to buy this game or not, and i hope I helped a few people make a final decision.*Update* Sorry for any confusion when I list this game as a ""Sandbox MMO"" I know it's sort of vague, but I believe that calling this game an RPG is a little misleading because you'll find that you don't really do any real roleplaying in this game. There is a roleplay chat, but people just use it to casually discuss certain things about the game. People with a good imagination can easily roleplay in this game, however. ie. Fisherman,trader, lumberjack, cook, ect. I'll try to find a better thing to call this game. A fantasy Sandbox MMO? It definitely has Rolep-laying potential, but I don't think many people see it as an RPG. The reason I define it more as a ""Sandbox game"" is because you can run around for hours doing nothing of any importance and you can have fun. I love wandering around without an reason similarly to how i would in minecraft. All in all everybody might have a different genre to consider this game, but I do apologise if I caused any confusion by considering it simply a ""sandbox MMO"""
76561198091080698,Not Recommended,582660,32274403,Posted: 8 June,all,[V.I.P]Moodyman2275,"Oh boy, where do I start.Black Desert Online is in short, a grindy korean MMO with awesome graphics and combat. However, while there are a lot of grindy korean MMOs out there, I feel like Black Desert Online is probably the best.... Kind of.The Graphics are absolutely amazing (If your computer can handle it) but once you enter a town the FPS goes to complete crap because of how many players play the game.Combat: The Combat system is extremely smooth and PvP is awesome in black desert online. Unlike most MMOs where you spam numbers, Black Desert Online actually has you memorize combos like Shift E, w+RMB LMB+Shift RMB+Shift, Shift+E+Space which makes combat a lot more interesting. This is by far my favorite part of the game and the main reason I got into it. PvP is a ton of fun too.Chat/Community: The chat is absolutely terrible and I recommend turning it off once you enter the game. It's literally just people crying for a costume, or some type of item that you can only obtain through purchasing it with real money. Or something about alienwares, or something about traps, and sometimes even Alienware Traps (Yeah... I really don't even know lol) At first it's absolutely hillarious but after awhile.... it gets kinda old. This isn't mentioning that there are tons of arguments as to whether or not Black Desert Online is p2w or not, which I will get to shortly. The community itself though is usually fairly nice, unless you say something bad about BDO, in which case they will usually either make fun of you or flame on you really hard.Group play: Group play is basically non-existent until you reach lvl 56, where you will proceed to enter guilds/groups to grind for hours just to get half way to your next level.Story: Black Desert Online does extremely well with it's story telling at first, but near the middle/end of the main story everything becomes extremely complicated in my opinion and it was very hard to follow what was actually going on. My favorite part of the story was the Black Spirit, who slowly becomes stronger and stronger as you do more quests for him.Harvesting resources/nodes/trading: Out of all the MMOs I've ever played, Black Desert Online does this the best out of all of them. You can hire workers to transport materials, you can use a wagon to transport items from town to town should you want to go the ""trader/business man"" route. You can also chop down pretty much any tree as soon as you see it, harvest grass/crops for weeds and other neat stuff, fish (which is a lot more interactive than other MMOs, unless you choose to AFK fish which some people do) farm, mine, and even hunting animals (which eventually leads to hunting whales which is super awesome).P2W/Pay for convenience/Cash shop aspects: Basically the reason I left the game. Costumes give you stat bonuses and unless your really lucky, you usually have a super small chance to get one legit from buying it off the market. This is because lots of people camp the market and bid on the costumes as well, making your chances much lower as I said above. There are two specific costumes in BDO that make you look camoflauged (Sorry if i misspelled that) hide your nametag which makes it a lot harder for people to notice you coming to them to attack them and also makes it harder for people to hit you in combat, and still give you even more stat bonuses. These two costumes each cost 34.00, which is why not many people have them. There are also horse costumes that give your horse special new passives that can be purchased, wagon costumes that give your wagon special new passives that can be purchased, and even boat costumes that give your boat special new passives that can be purchased. You can also purchase pets for 9-11 usd each in the pearl store, and can have 4 pets equipped at a time. Pets can be bought from the market place as well, but just like the costumes, people camp and bid on them as well. Through all my hours even with putting notices on nearly all pearl items I haven't gotten a single one. Anywho, back to pets. They pick up items for you and have other special passives that really help you out endgame. This sounds good, until you figure out that when you get a pet, they're tier 1, and can only pick up an item every 10 seconds. You have to mate 2 pets (which destroys both of them) to get a higher tier pet. Over and Over until you get to T4 usually. It would cost a lot of money to have 4 tier 4 pets. Unfortunately, endgame these pets are almost essential to your grind, making it very hard to progress otherwise. There are also Value Packs, which are the equivalent of a subscription. You can buy these from the marketplace but like I said above with the costumes, the chances are really low and people usually don't put up pearl items (items paid for using real money) up in the marketplace much. These value packs give you unlimited use of certain things, more weight, more inventory space, more money from marketplace sales, etc etc. There are also items you can buy from the pearl store that can instantly revive you, increase your inventory space even more, or even increase your weight even more. There are maids that you can also pay money for, which allow you to open up the market even if you aren't at the market. There's also furniture that you can buy using Pearls (real money currency but in BDO, given when you pay real money) but unfortunately that's really expensive too. Furniture in BDO can also be found, but found furniture usually doesn't give you enough interior points to actually progress your houses' rank. Furniture can also be bought in the market place but the price of furniture in there is usually either really expensive, the item gets taken super soon (like the costumes), or the interior points the furniture gives is mediocre. There's a lot more I'd like to cover but I'm afraid that my text space will end soon.EDIT: Support and Staff: I forgot to mention this in my review originally, but the Support and Staff behind Black Desert Online are always helpful and really nice. I've had to send two tickets to them, one concerning a glitch in my inventory and another concerning something about my old account i used for a free trial, and the responses and help was always really fast, respectful, and nice. Most MMOs responses send you to some page with info or the responses are like robot responses and sound like they were copied and pasted with a few changes.Conclusion: Black Desert Online is a really cool grindy, korean MMO with one of the best gathering and combat systems in any MMO we've ever seen, along with an awesome story that starts out really cool, but begins to become worse and worse as you progress further into it. The graphics are absolutely stunning.... Until you get into a town. Unfortunately, The cash shop gives players too many advantages and hinders those who don't like to put a lot of money into the game. Can you get by in the game without spending a single cent besides purchasing the game itself? Yes! Will people who pay money be a lot better than you? Generally speaking unless your the number 1 gamer or they're one of the worst, definetely! And by a long shot.Final Verdict: Mixed. But since there's no mixed option for reviews, I'll make it negative. The game is definetely worth trying out and it's a ton of fun. I can definetely see myself hopping onto it again every now and then for awhile. It's an awesome game. But I just can't support all the P2W/Pay for convenience items that give people such a large edge over players who don't want to pay an extra cent, and don't want to get too into a game like that."
76561198227212592,Not Recommended,582660,34517765,Posted: 26 August,all,DimitrisΛ,"Its fun at first, but when you realise you need to spend real money to become relevant its a turn off.If you are ok with leaving your pc running 24h a day and do afk proccessing, this is the game for you because that is the only way to make decent silver.By buying pets from the cash shop you are getting what is actually auto-loot, this gives a huge grinding advantage over players without pets.I havent really tried the enchanting system because i was buying all my gear from the market but i never heard anything good about it so there is that.The RNG is awfull too. For example they give you daily rewards for logging in wich sometimes are accessory boxes that randomly give you something good. For example if the box gives you either a necklace, earing or ring, you will most likely get the worse possible item.The graphics are great when you are not moving, but once you start running at any direction you see the textures pop in. Its awfull, however eventually you get used to it and ignore it after a while. Also the textures seem like paper. Theres no weight on them if you know what i mean.To end this, when you buy the game and start playing it seems awesome at first, but when your daily  rookie rewards run out after a month you gonna start getting frustrated by how disadvantaged you are compared to paying players.I dont regret buying it and maybe ill login from time to time but i cant recommend this game to anyone that is not willing to spend real money and most of his time on this game."
,Not Recommended,582660,34653486,Posted: 1 September,all,|3lackFox,"I'm sorry I have to write a review like this, but here goes.This game despite being incredibly complex and immersive has a  major flaw in it's core fundamentals as a game that make it utterly hell for 99% of people.---- Progression is RNG & Luck based (major flaw design) ----- The only reason you're going around begging monsters to drop you loot or whatever other way you make money is to do the primary aspect of this game which is getting stones to enhance your equipent OR buying expensive pre enhanced equipment which I hear also tends to be luck based with the poor ""pre order"" system that's in place. So you run around and farm hours on end to grind enough loot to generate some income, then you spend all that income you just earned to buy stones to enhance and pray to RNG Jesus that you even +15 your items let alone Duo->TET->etc...They throw you into it from the start and that's LITERALLY all of your progression from the beginning to the end! Not only that, but little Johnny wants some Black Stone Armor/Weapon...well sorry JOHNNY so does EVERYONE ELSE AND THEIR GRANDMA! So get ready to spend time trying to win that Bid so you can buy your stones before they're all gone! You can pre order Black Stones for Weapons, but not for Armor? Who thought that was even logical? What difference does it make? I need BOTH OF THEM! So I pre order the Weapon stones because it saves me some stress, but I spend half the day trying to get my Armor stones 1 by 1...THEN! I try to enhance and uhh oh! Max Durability for this item is too low!...Damn now I have to pray that all the Agerian armor pieces are on the market! Ohh no they only have 3 Helms on Bid, 0 Gloves, 5 Armor on Bid, and 4 Boots on Bid. WELL now I'm not only trying to get a hold of those darned Armor Stones, but now I'm also trying to get lucky and get more of my armor pieces to repair my max durability so I can go back to enhancing and inevitably needing to buy more armor pieces to repair max durability AGAIN! But wait there's more! Ohh no I woke up too early and the Blacksmith is not in their store because they only operate in their real world time like real people...but this is a game! That's a cool idea, but not when I'd like to repair my items! Sure it's like 20-30 mins, but still I can't progress until I finish enhancing/repairing my items so I'm just wasting time! So now I fish and make some income AFK hoping for Ancient Relic Shards I sell with a 30% tax reduction and make 400K vs the 700K it's worth all while I contemplate why I'm still playing BDO."
,Recommended,582660,32144449,Posted: 2 June,all,kernbat,you can make your boobs sweaty
,Not Recommended,582660,33497301,Posted: 13 July,all,Kebab,"Okay fine, it looks like their is actually people from the BDO team actually reading reviews so I'll put my thoughts on the game here.And so all of my friends can laugh at me for writing a lenghty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviewI recently picked up the game not long after the steam release and have reached level 59.30 on a Striker with 421GS. Tri Dande/Kzarka/Full Boss GearProsA fun combat systemWhich is honestly so rare in MMOs I was really surprised when I first played and probably the main reason I dedicated more time to BDO. Especially going into Striker. The combos and flows even in my unawakened state was really just plain fun, the attacks had weight and good sound design making fighting random mobs for the ten billionth time atleast slightly less tediousNode SystemI'm normally a strategy player and like economic strategy games like The Guild and Patrician series and this gave me a real feeling of those games, minmaxing my workers and setting up supply chains to workshops wihle handling the transport of goods between cities. Was VERY enjoyable for me.Character Creation.I really do feel unique in the world, there's never going to be someone with the same face as me unless they download a preset of it that I have uploaded myself. This is a great feeling along with being able to change model height and shape, is a feature I can really appreciate.AFKing is not punished.Sometimes I would rather, alt-tab and read something else and focus on another thing and I can do that in BDO without feeling like I'm gonna miss out. With passive income from workers and afk fishing I can see this as potentially a bad thing with the need to leave the game open at all times to ensure that you're always getting resources and always generating wealth. But this isn't a problem FOR ME.Some minor things;World SizeInteresting life skills, such as horse training and breeding and hunting.Wide variety of classes and playstylesA good community (hot topic but there is a TON of guides and personalities welcoming and helping new players.)ConsP2W[edit]https://clips.twitch.tv/PatientEnergeticTurtleRalpherZTo clarify what is happening here, is that the person is buying items from the cash shop with real world money, to melt them down to allow him to easily reach the end game last tier of gear with little no risk involved. [/edit]The biggest point of contention I have for this game. Is the cash shop, I hold the opinion that this game is p2w and you MUST pay more than the base price (which is low) to be able to play on the same level as other people who choose to pay. While some will say that it’s okay you only need to invest £20 maybe £40 into the cash shop to ensure that you can grind efficiently. While this is true someone who can and will put hundreds of pounds into the game WILL ALWAYS have an advantage over you.Whether that is more storage faeries than you can imagine to basically allow them to stay and grind on something for as long as they want, artisan memories to allow them cheaper and faster repair costs allowing them to upgrade their gear faster than a normal player and the BIGGEST slap in the face that there is cosmetic items give you real in game bonuses, I can't even fathom what they were thinking when they did this but it is a complete joke, Along with pets being completely and utterly needed if you want to be able to farm mobs AT ALL without blowing your brains out makes this game one of but not the worst offenders of P2W currently on the market.And of course the hidden cost of £20 a month to pay for value packs. But wait you can buy them on the marketplace right? Time to rant about that now!!!MarketplaceThe marketplace (auction house/player to player trading) is an ineffectual and awkward beast that only causes players misery and hatred of the game. I can tell you it has already almost made me quit the game when I first wanted to get something from the marketplace, it is such a bad system of trading people will go out of their way to avoid it and to craft and enhance everything they need.How it works. There is no free trade or player set prices, the prices are set by the developers, Kakao Games you cannot go outside of the set max and min prices, the marketplace also takes a 30% cut as a money sink to handle inflation, which is understandable. So when you want to sell something even if you are the only person to ever have that item and it is so rare it hasn't even been seen before? You can only set the price of this rare object of desire by kakao's price.Now if you want to BUY something from the marketplace, god help you if it is a high demand item. Though if it is not the only problem you need to worry about is if someone registers another of the item on the marketplace for a cheaper price then you need to wait an arbitrary amount of time before you can buy the cheapest item.Now if its a high demand item? You have the same chance at being run over or winning the actual lottery. You select bid and then through some sort of magical process of RNG a winner is decided who wins the item, the winner must then click on the bidding result of the item and receive it. There is no other way to get a high demand item. If the winner of said lottery doesn't click it on time then it will go to the buy phase where it is simply who can click the buy button the fastest which favours the people closer to the server and with a better connection.This is the weakest part of the game, I can deal with the p2w but this might break me. Though that was more of a rant than reviewing the game, I have become zen at the fact of overcoming this frustrating system and now ENJOY the fact I can watch my fishing boat being won by another player for the 3rd week in a row constantly refreshing and spam clicking for it.""Endgame""There is none. Node wars is the only thing you are working towards gear wise, and that ends up being a laggy zerg from my understanding with individual player skill being an afterthought, as long as you can survive for more than 10 seconds against the wizard/witch meta you can help attack a tower for 5 minutes until either side zergs the hardest.But enough of that, that's for the next part.Your endgame, reaching level 61 finally after weeks of grinding mobs and nothing else to help you get to that sweet level. You are rewarded with... wealth grinding? zerg pvp? friendly duels to perfect your cc combo oneshot? I understand that this isn't a typical MMO and dungeons and raids aren't something the developers want to introduce, I've seen some argument that adding dungeons or raids turns the game into a gear treadmil of farming, but then what are world bosses but them in zerg format?You are rewarded with nothing for attaining a high level and gearscore and the treadmil of Pri to Tri then attempt TET and going back to pri is just something to prolong the ""gear treadmil"". There is simply no reason to grind it out when you are going to be doing the same things that you do at level 61 than what you were doing at 56. Grinding Sausans because they cannot figure out how to balance grind spots.The PVPThe PVP aspect of the game is probably the strongest part, but it falls so flat on its face. Everything at the end game that includes PVP is a complete zerg. Personal skill matters so little, the only thing that guilds look for is having a high enough gear score to survive the current wizard/witch meta we're in or if you're a witch or wizard. This is both for Red Battleground (Which is completely unneeded and dumb imo) and Node Wars. While the Battle Arena functions more of a FFA place for friends and guildies to practice rather than anything competative.Small scale PVP arenas are coming in the next major update patch Kamasylvia Part 1, hopefully this solves the large scale PVP problem."
,Not Recommended,582660,34163648,Posted: 11 August,all,Busata,"Starting outThe game is pretty overwhelming when you start out, you're gradually introduced to the UI elements but it'll probably be confusing for the first few hours. You'll want to fiddle with the settings to reduce the noise that it creates.In those first hours you’ll be exploring the different aspects of the game such as the combat, node/worker system, crafting, upgrading gear and so on. Note that this takes some effort on your side as it's easy to miss some of the in-game guides/tutorials that explain those parts of the game.BDO features various paths where you can progress in, you'll gain XP as in other MMO's and gain combat skill points, but there are other features such as contribution points, used for (but not limited to) the craft parts of the game and energy points (used to execute a variety of actions such as crafting, hiring new workers, talking in server chat)CombatIt'll be no surprise that XP and combat points can be gained by beating up mobs. I think the look and feel of the combat is by far the best quality of the game. I've mainly played as a berserker and it was very refreshing being able to beat up mobs using the shortcut/hotkey system (shift + LMB, or -> + RMB etc.) instead of the typical MMO's 1-2-3 button mashing. It features combos and pretty visceral animations. Note that your mileage may vary here if you play another class.Quests rarely sparked my interest and following the main quest quickly falls into the pattern of ""introduce mob type -> kill them -> kill different variations of them -> kill boss -> introduce to new mob type"". The solo bosses that I've encountered had no interest mechanics going for them aside from some frontal attacks that you can evade to avoid being stunned etc.The problem however is that if you play on the XP boosted servers, despite following the quests & doing the side quests you'll out level the quests and mobs & nothing is really a challenge until you reach level 50-51. I didn't mind since I had fun trying out the combos and enjoyed the playstyle of berserker until then, after which it turned into grinding packs of mobs.Workers/NodesAside from your typical XP bar, you also gain contribution points by doing the side quests (or handing in side products gained by crafting). These points can be used to invest in nodes, or housing in a town. Nodes are thing such as farms or mines to which you can assign workers that will gather materials for you.The workers and the materials they gather need a place to stay, and this is where the towns housing comes in. You can buy houses at towns, again by using contribution points, and assign them as storage to expand your warehouse capacity, or lodging so you can hire more workers.This was a promising interesting system that for me fell flat around the same time I reached level 50. By then I had unlocked the nodes around the first two towns and had workers (26 or 27 of em) assigned to most of them.All in all it seemed like a complex system but it turns out to be bait for a simple grind you have to go through, maxing out workers seems like a tedious process with little complexity/challenge to it.On top of that, workers will only finish their current task (you can queue tasks), if you go offline, so to get the most out of it you’ll have to keep the game running.CraftingI’ve only explored cooking, processing and fishing in BDO. The materials you gain from the worker nodes can be sold directly on the marketplace. You can also use them as ingredients for the various crafting systems so it earns you more if you have the appropriate skill.While crafting is mostly AFK friendly, the time you can go AFK depends on your inventory space, weight limits, durability of the tools etc.Marketplace & GearGear is probably best gained by buying it from the marketplace. Note that the marketplace has fixed prices which I suppose is based on supply/demand, you can only list items for the price range that the game sets for you. I’ve had no fun interacting with the market what so ever, popular items are sold instantly so you’ll either sit there & hoping you can snipe items, or use the pre-order system. A buy/order system such as you can find in Eve wouldn’t hurt it in my opinion.Gear is typically chosen based on their set bonus, and you upgrade them using black stones to enchant it. Each successful enchant increases the defense or attack stats the item has and it becomes progressively harder to enchant the item. If the enchantment fails, you gain fail stacks, which increase the chance of success of your next attempt. Failure also lowers the max durability of an item, forcing you to repair it after too many failed attempts by using either the same base item or memory fragments (expensive!). This is a RNG game where you have to build up the fail stacks by enchanting other items, switch to alts, etc, I didn’t like it all.Cash shopSince P2W seems mentioned a lot I tend to agree that it favours people that buy items from their cash shop. Pets can be bought from other players through the market, but you’ll have no chance at that when you start out, so you best buy them from the shop. Pets have various skills, but most importantly, auto loots stuff for you. Considering the quests progress towards “kill 100 of mob type X”, you’ll have a lot of manual looting to do, so these pets are very handy to have.Other cash shop items are increasing inventory space (not really needed), weight limits (probably very handy, as while you increase inventory slots, the weight limit does not), costumes which give bonuses to crafting or things like stamina, xp gain, jump height. Items that increase the max durability you can repair with a fragment or item, outfits that allow you to craft stuff from your warehouse instead of your inventory and value packs.Value packs increase your weight & inventory limits, more xp and 30% increase in money you gain from the marketplace (so to negate the taxes I suppose). It’s basically a subscription as value packs last 7 or 30 days.You can argument that these are all convenience stats but I find it all adds up rather fast and it’s pretty pricey to get the items, so for me another downside to this game.TL;DRThe game features good combat animation but falls short in that category when it comes to challenge and boring mechanics. The other aspects of the game hide behind a thin veil of complexity which was fun to explore and discover, but once you look past that you’ll see it’s grinding all the way. If you’re fine with grinding and the playstyle that that offers, you’ll have good fun with the game, otherwise I fear the discouragement of slow progress will push you towards the cash shop, or in my case, stopped playing."
,Recommended,582660,31949382,Posted: 25 May,all,Elfezen,"Black Desert Online is another one of the mainstream MMORPGs. It has really good and detailed character customization as most eastern mmorpgs, very well-designed and interesting story and classes and also dynamic action combat similar to Tera and Blade & Soul."
,Recommended,582660,31987912,Posted: 26 May,all,Eric Esoteric,"Several things about this game are annoying... The inability to bring previous accounts over to the Steam version, LOTS of important things are RNG based, buying popular items from the marketplace is a ton of hassle, unclear explanations requiring you to Google things often, open world PVP with zero benefit to anybody involved (quit being a jerk and let me chop this tree!), etc., etc....But the combat is so damn good! So good that I bought the Steam version, even though it required ditching all of my previous characters and progress. If you want to play an MMORPG and feel like a total badass, Black Desert is for you!"
,Recommended,582660,32025959,Posted: 28 May,all,Rickster James,"This game's a ♥♥♥♥♥ to learn, but once you do it turns into a fantastic mmorpg. If you buy this game, go into it with a chill mindset because this game is NOT like other MMOs.  It's hard to learn, even after 3 hours of watching guides (like wtf how do i even use nodes.) But it's very rewarding and relaxing to play when you have a few friends and learn stuff together. I got this game when it was 6$ and i think considering my playtime now, that was definitely worth it."
76561198002605514,Recommended,582660,31940390,Posted: 24 May,all,KenMasters,"This is the best MMO game and the most beautiful in graphics I've ever played. There is so much content and so much to do in game. My favorite things about this game are the node/siege war, Red Battlefield, and all the events the game has that gives you free items. When I'm not playing I am always AFK fishing."
,Recommended,582660,31966558,Posted: 25 May,all,『ZERØ』,Great combat and Graphics. Very fun game. 10/10!!! :)
76561198065436881,Not Recommended,582660,32897244,Posted: 27 June,all,Conncept,"I recommend you research the game extensively before making a purchase.If you are looking for a fast paced, tactile, flashy, rip roaring, hack and slash adventure game set in a beautiful fantasy world, this game is amazing, and cheap to boot.If you are looking for an MMO that you can heavily invest in (both monetarily and emotionally) for years to come, this is one of the worst games you will ever lay a finger on.If you are looking for an RPG, look elsewhere, this isn't an RPG in spite of the tags above.Everything that makes this game an MMORPG, it utterly fails at, but if you want an incredibly pretty online Dynasty Warriors, this is your game.Firstly, there are basically no RPG elements in this game .  An RPG means that there are play elements within the game that allow you to control the role of your character, hence the R in RPG.  These elements can be creating a build, building a party, or choosing a path in a branching story.BDO has absolutely none of that, you can choose from one of several classes and customize their look to the umpteenth degree, but this has no inidividual effect on gameplay.  Every class plays through the exact same story and the only choices it gives you affect some alignment meter, which in the end has no effect on the completly linear storyline.Similarly, you cannot choose build and playstyle at all, all characters of the same class have the exact same abilities once fully leveled, there are no talent trees or skill customizatoin, the only customization that affects gameplay is your choice of gear stats, and the only time you will be different from every other character is while leveling up.Every single MMO element is done in the worst way possible, either for the sake of laziness, fault of poor game design, or most common, flat out unfiltered unending greed on part of the publisher.PvP, isn’t PvP, it’s PvEvsPvE.  It all runs on PvE gear, and gear differentation is so massive and rigid and difficult to obtain that every matchup is decided wholly and completely by gear score.  This game has no PvP that actually tests your skill against another player, only your ability to grind and get lucky drops or amass cash.The only group (massive) content are open world bosses that are completed by strafing and spamming like a bunch of mindless lemmings.  Any other open world is handled easily by yourself.  No dungeons or raids or anything of the sort.  There is some sort of Guild vs Guild mode but I never got in to it, but I highly doubt it alone can be the saving grace of this games horrible excuse for group content.The economy, if you enjoy playing that end of MMOs, is in complete shambles and has been since launch.  And the developers do not care to the slightest degree because it pushes people towards the cash shop by freezing up all resources that could be used to earn anything in the game beside gold and stats.  There are also basically no rewards, you fight for a pitiful chance at higher and better stats.  All new skins since launch (over three years) have been in the cash shop, for $30-40 each, oh and they are bound to the character, not the account.  Remember what I said about greed?  Yeah...The publisher, is in my opinion the most dishonest to ever walk the earth.  There are a million examples showing this, but I only need one.Shortly after launch, some outfits bugged out to hide peoples names, preventing those people from being reported and subject to both support and the games karma system that discourages Pking excessively.  In response to this, the publishers put a flare in the cash shop which would reveal these players names.  That’s right, they literally put a bug fix in the store and charged people for it, and that isn’t even the only time they’ve done so.  The flare has since been moved to being purchased with in game currency, but other examples of this exact same dishonesty exist and are still only available in the cash shop.Nonetheless, I bought the game after researching it and deciding how I would play it.  If you want a fun beat-em-up for $10 ($6 on sale, I got it on sale and I would recommend waiting), and can enjoy the game without being tempted to give these dishonest schills another dime, pick it up and enjoy yourself.EDIT: As people have pointed out, there are RP elements in the economy, to that I say, there are still no RP elements in this game.Why?  There is no ""play"" to the economy in this game.As I already said, and as they are choosing to ignore to be nitpicky and selective with their facts: the only thing you can buy is higher and more varying stats.  Because the only outfits you can craft are locked behind mats that very rarely pass hands thanks to the games complete and utter economic freeze.  And anything else, is in the cash shop for $30-40.There cannot be role ""play"" elements to what there is no ""play"" to in the first place.\Technically, stuff in the cash shop can be bought for ingame currency if someone buys it with real cash and lists it on the marketplace, but the developers decide the listing price, not the player, and the developers force a listing price that isn't profitable, so that they never pass hands, and are probably one of the biggest roots of the games economic freeze.  There are cash shop items that have not been listed in literally years, and some which have been listed only a few hundred times in the three years the game has been out.  I myself have not seen a single outfit listed in the entire time I've played this game.Or in short, no, you cannot just get whatever you want from the marketplace, that is a flat out lie."
76561198086903775,Not Recommended,582660,34240203,Posted: 14 August,all,Koalaburrr,"After 200hrs+ of this game I can say this is NOT for casual players.Pros:-Most in-depth customization for a character in any mmorpg-Graphically impressive-Combat system is nice-Classes feel uniqueCons:-This game is P2W- I don't care what anyone who plays this game says, this IS P2W. Why? People argue ""Ohhh its pay for conveniencethats not P2W"". P2W is not going in the cash shop and buying gear. *P2W IS SPENDING IN REAL LIFE MONEY TOGAIN AN ADVANTAGE OVER A NON-PAYING PLAYER.* If I can go in the cash shop, spend $40 on 4 pets, buy thatexpensive♥♥♥♥♥value pack for another $30+, spend another $20+ on inventory and weight increasing because I reallyenjoy playing this game but I can't farm consecutively and continuously because of these restrictions. Ya know what Ijust got paid let me throw $60 in this game and gain an easy 60mil+ from costumes. And ALL of these wonderfuloptions are on top of the base game price that you already bought whether its $10 or $40. Why do I need to keepbuying the game after I already bought it? There are mmos that offer items and dlc that you absolutely DON'T NEEDlike ESO. How do I know you don't need any DLC or cash shop items in ESO? Because I've played ESO and all of myend game gear is from the open world base game content or from the dungeons ALREADY INCLUDED within the basegame. I should NOT feel the need to keep buying the game after I already bought it.-Pets: You NEED pets to pick up loot. Why? Because when you grind and farm mobs you pull a big group of mobs.But lets put this into a mathematical perspective. Lets say every 7secs you killed a group of mobs and ittakes 6-10secs/min to pick up loot after you killed a group (no dramatization). That's atleast 48secs ofgrabbing loot added on top of a 56 secs of killing mobs. BUT with pets they grab all the loot for you and itsnearly impossible to buy a pet from the marketplace because it's you and 100s of other people trying tograb that 1 pet.- Cash Shop: Someone can easily drop $100 on this game and sell costumes and pets on the cash shop then make100mil+ silver.-Hardcore grinding- This game requires an insane amount of farming and grinding. I've easily spent 60hrs+ farming and I don't even feellike I've progressed anywhere or at all for that matter. I was farming so much I began to wonder ""When can I evenenjoy this game?"" or ""When does the game start?"" Get on FARM, go to sleep AFK FARM, join a guild THEN FARMSOME MORE. I have no problem farming at all but when I AM FORCED to spend every moment in this game farming Ican't deal with it anymore.-No visual gear progression, all of the combat gear is ugly so everyone practically has 1/8 costumes from the cash shop.-VAST WORLD with NO CONTENT- There is absolutely no content in such a huge game. This game has the most bland PvE I've ever seen in such a bigworld.-RNG- RNG absolutely kills this game. RNG farming, RNG gear progression, and RNG marketplace.- Farming. RNG drop rate, simple as that.- Enhancing. There are 20min+ youtube videos on building fail stacks and enhancing your gear. WHY is the gearprogression so in-depth that it requires MULTIPLE people to explain how it even works to such an extent of a 20minute video? People spend 100s of millions of silver to get from step 1 > step 2 just because RNG completelyscrewed them meanwhile Jimmy from Kansas got lucky on his first try.- Marketplace. The way the marketplace works is you bid on cash shop items. You and 100 other people just bid onthat item. It doesn't matter who bid 1st and everyone is locked in to bid the same amont. RNG WILL CHOOSE 1RANDOM PERSON TO GIVE THAT ITEM TO. People have spent 3months+ just camping the marketplace trying tosnipe a pet but only managed to grab 1 PET IN 3 MONTHS.TL;DR: The game IS fun, without a doubt it is the most graphically impressive mmorpg to date, the combat is enjoyable (personally I think Blade & Soul has a better pvp combat system), every class looks unique, even the male/female counterparts at level 56 but after getting on and farming day after day after day and feeling like I progressed not EVEN a little bit is not fun. This game DOES NOT have any end game pve content. There are NO dungeon raids or challenging boss battles. My LIFE does not revolve around this game and I personally do NOT want to spend 6hrs/day MINIMUM purely farming and grinding gear."
76561198031320229,Recommended,582660,32034171,Posted: 28 May,all,Adderzツ (TH),"Bought this while its on sale, best MMO experience i have had in a long time, highly recommeded!1: Incredible action combat and skill points system with a focus on keystroke + mouse combos2: Next generation graphics and atmospheric open world3: Sandbox, player housing, pets, trading, farming, fishing etc4:Steep but worthwhile learning curve with unique ingame features (amity, contribution points mechanic etc)5: Not P2W ( cash shop costumes and pets )6: Buy to play ( with no subscription fees!)You can also easily obtain a free trial for the game with a quick Google search :)( Make sure you PC at least meets the minimum system requirements for the optimal experience c; )"
,Recommended,582660,32035781,Posted: 28 May,all,Imperial Guardsman,"Got it at the behest of others. Normally, I hate MMOs and detest crafting & trade.In the first three days I owned it, I logged 72 hours of game time. I got completely sidetracked from the combat--what I initially bought it for--because of how well-designed and enjoyable the life skills, questing, commercial empire-building, &c. are. BDO feels like it was designed from the ground up to incentivize varied play and keep the experience fresh organically, rather than by constantly injecting new content for people to blitz through and ignore.Fantastic game. I get a solid 60 FPS most places and ~40 in really busy cities with maxed settings, and it's pretty gorgeous for an MMO. The butt physics are... remarkable.But yeah. Get this. Especially while it's $6. It may take a while, but you can eventually acquire any of the cash-shop items with silver, so you don't even need to feel like you need to spend more-though honestly, when you remember that you could have bought something for $60 or been paying $15/mo, why not?"
,Recommended,582660,33376829,Posted: 8 July,all,Lune,"""Name is already in use"" simulator"
,Recommended,582660,32039898,Posted: 29 May,all,[REDi]1R LCPL Brad Cage,"Black Desert Online isn't like a lot of other MMORPGs or even MMOs or RPGs (separately).In many other gaming experiences, you very often know what you are supposed to do next, or are given very clear options. But in Black Desert there is so much you could do, so much to choose from, it can be very overwhelming.Your objective (after you have finished the tutorial) is really what you choose it to be. that makes it sound unfocused, but I don't believe it to be unfocused; more, I view it as open.Now don’t get me wrong; you have quests, inventory, even a story, all the normal MMO stuff; but what you choose to do with that, is up to you..So you could decide to play it like other MMOs; level up, and kick those bad guys butts! (etc.)Or (after you have finished the tutorial)You might decide not to be a fighter, you might decide to be a fisherman (or woman), and never fight.And that could work! Being a fisher is a profession in Black Desert; a real money making job. You could make enough money to buy a house, a horse, clothes, etc.One of the best tips I have (that I learned from someone else), is“Take your time”. Sure you could rush through things. But if that is how you like to play, this might not be the game for you. This is an Asian MMO so it has a fair bit of grinding. You will need a bit of patience.If you are a n00b like me this video will give you some tips to help you out:Black Desert Online: 10 Quick Tips for New Players[11min]"
76561197982599367,Not Recommended,582660,33940979,Posted: 31 July,all,Hobostabbins,"The game itself is a pretty good MMO and I am a fan.Unfortunately the anti-cheat system in this game(Xingcode) is complete dogshit. If you have anything running on your computer that this security defines as possibly being meant to interfere in any way with the game, the game will hard crash. This incluides, but is not limited to: your firewall, antivirus, temperature monitoring software, and programs that change mouse sensitivity.Did I mention that XIngcode doesn't stop client side bots and hacks? Yeah.If this game ever gets rid of Xingcode in favor of... anything really, I would recommend it. As it is, avoid it if you don't want to have to turn off all the security on your computer to play a game, only to have it crash anyway because you left your recording software on.EDIT: Since the developer has responded by basically saying ""we won't get rid of our utterly useless, invasive, and detrimental anti-cheat, because we don't listen to the community"" I will continue to STONGLY ADVISE AGAINST BUYING THIS GAME OR SUPPORTING THE DEVELOPER UNTIL THEY LISTEN TO OVERWHELMING FEEDBACK FROM THE COMMUNITY.EDIT2: There are people honestly defending an anti-cheat that doesn't work and makes the game worse, while there are many similar systems on the market without the overwhelmingly detrimental effects. I am continually amazed by how people will actively promote that a company treat them like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,582660,32077057,Posted: 30 May,all,whoa this,"If steam allowed neutral reviews I would probably use that rating.- The combat is some of the best in any MMORPG or even RPG that I have ever played. It's like if you mixed a regular MMO with street fighter. It's really cool.- Graphics are very good for an MMO, except I experience some grainy textures and changing settings like anti-aliasing in the game and in my control panel doesn't seem to help.- The convenience items are very necessary for this game in my opinion. If you don't have the monthly value pack the game turns into a chore for the majority of the time and pets are essential. You are constantly carrying too much weight and there's a button that conveniently shows up on your screen that takes you right to the cash shop where you can purchase a larger weight limit. This button should also let the player know the fastest way to expand it via in-game methods as well. Just seems a bit like a cash grab.- The pay to win comparisons are definitely valid. Many people will purchase cash shop items like outfits and they will sell them on the in-game marketplace, which they will then use to get silver and purchase weapons and armor. So not only are there essential things you need to make the game enjoyable, but many people have a big advantage when they use real world money to get in-game currency and items.- There isn't much group content like dungeons and stuff for you to enjoy with friends.- There is a horrible grind. Everything is grinding in this game. I don't mind grinding, but it gets to the point where you are just running around one shotting everything for days on end. Literally just running in a 50-yard loop. There are no mechanics for bosses to figure out with your friends or anything like that.- I like how you can apply costumes to different types of armor. You and your friend can have the same piece of armor, but it will look completely different. At the same time, the default armor design is really bad unless you buy outfits. The outfits are pretty expensive as well.- The PVP is really cool, but unfortunately, you'll just get completely destroyed by someone two levels above you. Skills and gear will matter if you happen to match up with someone the same level, but if they are just a bit above you then you are done for. I understand that you should reward the player that invests time, but it's a little much IMO.- The game has a lot of RNG involved.- The classes are designed well. There should be something for almost everyone, except for people who usually play healers in MMOs. You won't find that here since there aren't really any dungeons and stuff.- There is absolutely no direct trading.- You can gain money when AFK. You can fish and perform other similar actions. I find this a bit strange. I don't really have an opinion on it though...- There is this progression toward what they call ""awakening"" at the back end of the level cap. You get a nice new weapon and updates for your skill tree. Some of the classes are completely changed during awakening and it's not for the best. You play one style for 56 levels and then all of a sudden it changes completely... Some ranged characters will become melee characters etc.."
,Recommended,582660,32272135,Posted: 8 June,all,✪ 2B,"EDIT: Now that those awful fake reviews are gone, I'll post an actual review of the game but I will leave my original statement at the bottom of the review as it is still relevant, XIGNCODE IS NOT A ROOTKIT AND DOES NOT SCAN YOUR FILES OUTSIDE OF BDO RELATED FOLDERS.I am in love with the game. This is because it meets a lot of my personal tastes and I would fully understand why people might not like it. Here are some of the main reasons why I love the game but others might not.+Stuff to do - I am concerned in the games global chat when I see people immediately grinding up to a high level and then complaining there is nothing to do. This would be akin to playing shooter, only playing one map and using one gun and then complaining about lack of variety in the game. This is a sandbox MMORPG, not a theme park MMORPG. The primary difference between the two is that in a themepark MMORPG, you do the content in the order that the developer intended it to be seen in. This usually means leveling to max and then doing large scale end game dungeons, aka Raids. You do that content until you finish it and then you either repeat it a bunch of times or you wait until the next batch of content is released and most other content is secondary or tertiary. A Sandbox MMORPG means that the end game is whatever you make of it, the developers put in mechanics and the players decide which of them is the most important. What this means to me, is that there is a place for players in BDO that do not wish to do the ""end game"" of themepark MMOs. In some sense, the overarching goal in BDO is to get the best gear, however the paths you can take to reach that goal are much more varied than a themepark MMO. If you wish to hang out with friends, ride a boat into the ocean and spend your time deep sea fishing or train horses or farm vegetables and fruits or trade manufactured goods across the continent, all of those will enable you to become a powerful character in all aspects of the game, rather than just simply running the end game raid until you get the best gear.+ The Combat -  The combat in BDO is quality enough to find itself in a dedicated single player beat-em-up style game (think Dynasty Warriors). It is an action style combat, so there is no tab targeting and skills require you to aim with your cursor and many can be cast on the move. This makes combat very fluid and rewards players for landing combos and precise movement in both PvE and PvP. If you are used to traditional MMO style combat with a hotbar and tab targeting, then it may be difficult to adjust to this style of combat.+ The Visuals - The game is gorgeous for an MMO. It might not stand up to the most visually stunning single player releases of the past year or two, but it has a quality to it that nearly every other MMO on the market cannot touch. The only major thing lacking in this department would be armor customization as there are very few default armors availble and a lot of visual customization for your character is locked behind the cash shop. It is unfortunate, but not really a deal breaker for me as I quite like the default armors for my classes.+The Scale - Scale is something that a lot of modern MMOs do not  care about. It's the difference between World of Warcraft pre-flying mounts and post flying mounts. The inability to fast travel in this game makes it so this MASSIVELY multiplayer online game, feels truly massive. Riding a horse down the coast over a dirt path while the waves crash along the rocks, traveling a few kilometers to the nearest town is peaceful in my eyes and makes the game world feel expansive and interesting. I understand that people might not like the lack of convienence of just hopping on an eagle or taking a portal but it is something that I sorely missed from older MMORPGS. Actually travelling across the ocean instead of giving me a loading screen made me feel a sense of wonder that I had not gotten since I was a young teenager booting up World of Warcraft in 2005 and running across the Barrens into Ashenvale.+ Grind - There is an immense amount of grinding later in the game (past level 56) to achieve good amounts of gear and extra levels. I love this because I believe it gives a clear indication of those who are dedicated and those who are not. I do not want to be on the same power level as people who have been playing for a year within one month of playing, but I understand that people do not like playing catch up. Gear is gated behind money__________ORIGINAL POST___________tl;dr Anti-cheat checks what processes are being ran at the start up of the game, stops monitoring them after the game starts. Any processes that starts up while the game is running is checked and then stops. Does not scan your entire computer.Download a program that lets you monitor what is being accessed on your hard drive or use the basic Windows function under Resource Manager to monitor disk activity.Read the top review that says the anti cheat function scans your whole computer all the time.Check the disk monitoring programs to see that nothing on my PC is being read besides the directory I installed the game to and its related directories (which almost every other game in existence does to you know, read the files in its install directory) while the game is running and while the game is not running over a 48 hour period.Open up video player to see if it cares what file I open, it checks the .exe of the program that I opened (mpcHD) and then stops, does not check the individual file or file directories I opened from, just the basic .exe, then stops. Same thing happens when you start up the game, briefly checks processes and then promptly stops.Wonder why over 1000+ computer illiterate morons blindly upvote (and a handful of others wrote their own reviews too) something without doing any actual research.Farm potatoes.XIGN used to do that (during the days of Dungeon Fighter Online), it doesn't anymore. That's a simple fact that anybody who has the game installed can check in a few minutes. Seriously people, think for yourself. This is not some ridiciulous boogeyman that is looking at all your files and reading your conversations, it checks what processes are being ran WHILE IT RUNS ITSELF, IT DOES NOT DO LITERALLY ANYTHING WHILE THE GAME IS NOT RUNNING."
,Recommended,582660,32704254,Posted: 23 June,all,con,"BDOThe first thing I need to get out there is that this game is under £10.This game Black Desert Onlien offers a hell LOTYou can also make multiple characters before you are full and have to wait a while to delete one.You can AFK in this gameNo fast travel (but there is AUTO run)Overnight AFK fishingRandom rare dropsLeveling systemOne of the worst things: P2W items, you can purchase items with stat boosts and pets and cosmetic itemsThis game is by far one of the best mmo's for the price range with how much you can do before even buying anything else. The map is also HUGE so you can sail accross the lands and go trading sending your workers back and fourth to islands making money for you etc..I rate this game a solid 8/10 would buy.I'm not giving this game a 10 because I haven't played over 100 hours just yet."
,Recommended,582660,32235187,Posted: 7 June,all,[StwA] Asbestbrezel,"Pre Review:Pros:Nice GraphicNice AtmosphereSkill BasedAwsome Character designMany contentfull Open World (No Instances / dungeons)No Server binding (you can change every 15minutes the Server with your Character)And many more, after more than 150h of gameplay and lvl 56 Awakened i haven`t seen all to write a full reviewNeutral:Item Shop: is optional and everyone must decide for themselves.You love hard Grinding ? :-)No fast travelingCons:Chat: it smells like teen spirit (Public Chat Rooms)Finaly:Ignore the Chat make Quests read guides and you have many fun with Black Desert."
76561198006366667,Recommended,582660,35285179,Posted: 29 September,all,Boki,"It's a good game, it's not a great game and it's only good for a short time. The fighting is fun and the animation looks great. It has a decent storyline to it and you can get addicted to the crafting and gathering. There's no dungeons or end game content so It gets pretty damn boring after a while. I would recommend giving it a try if you're bored but if you're looking for something more challenging with actual end game content this is not gonna be the game for you."
,Recommended,582660,31956634,Posted: 25 May,all,woLFie is FaMouS☜(⌒▽⌒)☞,"I don't know why people have given this game such a bad review? I have a GTX 970 and it runs it well. You need a 970 or higher graphics card to really enjoy this game. Also, if you have not played a game like this before, you may not like it in the beginning. Keep playing and follow the tutorial. This is my first MMO RPG. I like it alot. Its relaxing. It takes me away from all the FPS games I play.Just take your time and learn the craft. I have the steam link as well and play it with a controller in front of my big screen TV.I have internet like google fiber, so no connectivity issues or lag issues like the rest of you. The graphics seem to run better on Steam, rather than the website.Have fun!"
76561198009846060,Recommended,582660,32063470,Posted: 30 May,all,Limpy,"I spent $6 bucks for myself and a friend of mine to give this game a try. Definitely worth the cost!Since I bought the game I haven't been able to put it down and without a doubt I've already gotten my money's worth. Most others around Youtube and other reviews have made statements that the game is ""P2W."" I'll try and give my view on this: The game from as far as I can tell isn't P2W, but more 'pay for convenience.' The thing is, the convenience items aren't that great, and most of the time peope who do spend money on the game can sell those items directly to the marketplace where regular players who don't spend money on cashshop (pearls) can use their silver (ingame curreny) to buy these items (including: outfits, pets, 7Day or even 30Day value packages which include a series of benefits).Think of this game as a much more interesting ArchAge without REAL p2w.I'll update the review later on, so far I'm only level 50."
,Not Recommended,582660,32437703,Posted: 15 June,all,TQuin,"I know I'm going to get no end of hate for this, but I'll start by saying I really like this game.  I've been a fan for a long time.  It has some deal breakers that I can't overlook.  I fully intend to change this review to positive if I see these issues addressed, but until then, the experience is a little too rough around the edges.  So know that if you♥♥♥♥♥♥on me, you're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on someone who likes this game and is interested in encouraging other people to play.There are PVP arenas scattered throughout the world that are in no way labelled and provide no warning upon entry.  You run in to one of these early on and if you don't know what it is or why it's there, a swarm of creeps will follow you in and murder you.  That's all good and well IF you knew where you were and what the intended purpose was, but short of that, this is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor planning for a game that is otherwise pretty well thought out.My other major gripe is that every server is packed with players the majority of whom are AFK clustered around a body of water auto fishing or clustered around a storage area processing materials.  This causes server load problems and also looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥  It looks like the goddamn woodstock of fishing/crafting, which sounds like an interesting concept for a game on it's own, but that's not the intended purpose of this game or at least the publisher has not intentionally billed it as such.Lastly, this is a personal interest and so not really as significant as the two aforementioned issues, but the thing I've never enjoyed about MMOs is the first M.  I don't like people enough to want many of them around.  I've got friends who I play games with, but I'm not interested in strangers and making friends with them.  It would be nice if there was a cluster of casual player servers restricted to people who play less than 60~72 hours per week.  This would be a nice feature for people who appreciate a game like this for the experience but find servers crowded with grind-centric players to be off putting and immersion breaking.As an aside, if The Goddamn Woodstock of Fishing is ever created, will buy no questions asked.!!!UPDATE!!!My response to the developer's reply:Thanks for the offer, but in my experience suggestion forums are a trolling ground for fanboys looking to pick a fight.  That's a waste of my time.  A negative impact on your overall review score puts substantially more of a burden on you to take responsibility.  Regardless, thanks for your friendly reply."
,Recommended,582660,32275252,Posted: 8 June,all,Namaslay,"Bought this when it was on sale for $6 and honestly after about 62 hours worth now I feel like I can say I got my 6 bucks worth. Even tossed extra in for a costume and a pet. Loving the game and wishing I played it earlier. Giving this a thumbs up for now. We will see if thoughts change after more time spent playing.Combat is fast pace, fun, and keeps me interested. The game is different, complicated, but worth it if you take time to research, look stuff up, ask for help in the community discord server.Each day I learn something new in BDO."
,Recommended,582660,31941042,Posted: 24 May,all,Inasyah 🐾,Best AFK Simulator currently out there.The Graphics are good too. Also the combat. B2P btw.Already better than 99% of all MMOs out there. Must buy on sales. Even worth fullprice.
,Recommended,582660,31989120,Posted: 26 May,all,losangelesi,"This is one of the best MMORPG's of all time in my opinion. I've played thousands of hours of mmorpgs, and this one really clicks with me on every level.Character creation screen is quite amazing and very in depth.Story is a bit confusing at first but slowly starts to make more sense as you go.Combat is amazing, feels smooth, animation timing and flow are on point, very fresh for an MMORPGStarts out feeling easy, gets harder as you get higher levelWorld is massive and full, feels like an online version of witcher 3Almost runescape like with the number of ways to make money and life skill, not all combat.Cons:Damn pop up bar across the top for the market that can't be disabled as far as I've found. Relatively small nuisenceIn short:8/10 in comparison to standard rpgs such as witcher10/10 for mmorpg, very fresh and new feeling! definitely worth picking up if you want a solid rpg!"
,Recommended,582660,32557225,Posted: 18 June,all,Frozn,"The best mmo I have played so far. Amazing living world, weather, farming, fishing, exploring, ships, and action combat. what more could you want with no loading screens!"
,Not Recommended,582660,33205010,Posted: 3 July,all,Duskade,"Worst community in a game I've ever seen... and I just came from League of Legends - now that says something. It seems as though every player just doesn't care about anyone. If you're grinding at a decent location, you're either going to get karma bombed by a lower level (who even if you kill they just come back because there's no real punishment by being PK'd) or get killed by a higher leveled/more geared player who thinks they're a saint because they're more powerful than the majority in a video game. It doesn't matter if you were there first, if you're new, or you have daily grinding hour on - no one cares. Let's say you can defend your grinding position... more than likely the opposer(s) are simply going to declare war on your guild so they don't lose karma by slaughtering you and your people. Guild wars are a joke and consists more of pathetic drama than you think. Here's the question: How do the creators expect the weak to become stronger if the strong keep taking from them? Morally, this is wrong and pathetic. It's all fun in games for Olvia servers (safe servers for those who just started), but when the time is up, you have to face the real world in the real servers where the weak scatter around to pick up scraps like starving scavengers and most of the strong feed off everything they can because they're greedy selfish♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I understand I'm going on and on about this, but I'm trying to paint an image. Yeah, I know there's a lot more to the game other than grinding but if you want to become stronger, grinding is the way to go.I'm merely writing this review not in hopes to review every aspect and feature of the game (because there's already enough reviews for that), but to bring light on this topic and expose the terrible community.As my recommendation stands, I do not recommend this to the average gamer. Don't waste your time. Although, if Black Desert Online really peaks your interest, then go ahead and prepare for the worst on the road of growth where RNG may also deterimine your fate. May RNGesus be with you.**EDIT - I feel like I need to add in the fact that Black Desert Online is still quite new, especially to North America. There's a lot of upcoming content and changes, so it's safe to expect the game will become better through time."
76561198151444895,Recommended,582660,32030632,Posted: 28 May,all,Lilpoetboy,"I am deeply enjoying this game very much. 6 years of WoW and a year of FF14 didn't prepare me in the slightiest for this game. Black Desert Online is a sandbox mmo, gender locked classes with a very tough learning curve. I have no regrets and intend to spend many more hours learning the game. My new time waster."
,Recommended,582660,32058855,Posted: 30 May,all,Mirronia,"This title was suggested to me by a friend and I immediately liked it because I wanted a change (before World of Warcraft). One thing I was afraid of was HW requirements, which were and are still very high. But the quality of the game on Low also looks like you played Medium or High in other games, so…As for Class selection, there are really a lot of them, each one has its own specific awakening, I personally like very much and I myself tried several classes to find out what suits me most.But the biggest surprise for me was customization of the character. A huge scale of things that can change the character. In addition to a base such as the look of hair, eyes, faces, here you can change the face as a whole, and as a final bead you can change the character voice, which just surprised me very pleasantly.The game itself is very diverse, there are plenty of things to do, for example, to buy a horse, a boat, to fishing in peace. There is a lot here…Personally, I'm glad I bought the game for myself and my friend, and we're both happy.+ Playability+ Diversity+ Graphics are nice even at low+ Customization options+ No monthly fees (buy and play only)- Higher HW requirements- I don´t think anything else"
,Recommended,582660,33499448,Posted: 13 July,all,Alexius,"This game is the most stunning MMO I have ever played and potentially one of the best looking games on the market. The combat is fluid, the skills are fun, the map is designed very well and there is plenty to do. I haven't played an MMO is quite some time but this game has absolutely got my hooked. I 100% recommend this game to any people who enjoy RPG's and MMO's."
,Not Recommended,582660,35314887,Posted: 29 September,all,Ex Mudder,"I played this game in Beta, and is has improved a lot since then.  But it suffers from the ""pay cash to avoid annoying limitations"" mindset of it's developers, which leads them to add even more annoying limitations in gameplay you need to pay to avoid.  I especially hate the price controlled marketplace, which as with all price controls, leads to massive scarcity.  As bad as Marketplace PvP can be (and I have played EVE), not being able to buy things you need, or sell things for a price that is worth the investment, really weakens the game."
76561198064442364,Recommended,582660,31983124,Posted: 26 May,all,UKball,those who say this game is pay to win are talking ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.the 'item shop' is just cosmetics and for the price of 6.99 for the full game isnt shocking with the fact that  AAA games charge 40 quid and they have boosts that boost gameplay.there is a maximum inv slot of 75 and 60 can be obtained through the main story as an incentive to play it.(my hours played on steam are not representative as i own the game non-steam)
,Not Recommended,582660,32260200,Posted: 7 June,all,Gart,"tl;dr - this could be one of the best mmos if not for frustrating F2P design pierced through the core gameplay experience.I do not recommend this game unless you just want to waste a lot of time doing some crafting or fighting. Because I really feel like I wasted this time.I have a feeling this game was designed from the start as F2P. And by that I mean everything was made in certain way for the F2P experience and possibility of milking as much as possible from players by annoying them with a lot of unnecessery walls.Although gameplay itself is fun for a while, and features and concepts are sometimes just awesome... it is painfull to play. Unless you don't mind all of these cons:- weapon and armor upgrade system is chance based. There is no standard weapons like in other mmos. All weapons and armors in the game have similar power, they only differ slightly in different stats and bonuses. So you basically can wear one armor through whole playthrough. BUT - you need to upgrade it with items which you need to farm or buy from players. BUT upgrading decreases durability and you need more of this item to repair it. BUT if upgrading fails at higher lvls item goes back in lvls. It is just pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and waste of time/money for me.- having PC on for long times. Everything takes long and requires you to be logged in to work efficiently. Crafting, workers, regeneration of energy etc. If you log off most things don't work and you only regenerate fraction of energy.- the best way to advance certain skills is just do the same dailies from the first town every day- very unconvinient storage and weight issues when you don't pay. You can farm to increase them but again - more grind- and even more grind, because everything is based on grind in this game.- no dungeons, no interesting combat challenges. A few dumb bosses and thats it.But PvP is good I heard, but I'm not interested in that.I really wanted to like this game. Workers and crafting system alone looked awesome as hell! But I soon run into a wall where I would need to grind Contribution points by doing stupid quests every day to expand. I did it a few days but I just can't anymore. It feels so mundane and boring.So I went to do some fighting. I reached 51lvl and got stuck too, because experience curve spikes so much after that I just bounced off it. And there was no fun in finding better gear because of this dumb concept of upgrading instead of getting better ones - you just walk back and forth, killing tons of mobs and going back to town to sell useless junk drops because you ran out of carry limit. And it is just annoying to pick up everything, there is so much junk drops but who knows, maybe this one had very rare thing? And you need to buy premium pets to autopick for you.Ehhhh, I hate games like this. Not because they are bad but because they are corrupted by the free 2 play model so much they are not fun anymore, even with amazing features.PS: From my experience this game is not P2W in a PvP meaning. You can't directly buy power. But it is pretty damn bad to play without paying. For gods sake, even costumes have bonuses.PS: I'm PvE player, so PvP player experience may be different."
,Recommended,582660,33661673,Posted: 19 July,all,Marona,"Black Desert Online is the MMORPG from the future with endless possibilities for your character and type of gameplay.Graphics:The graphics are BEAUTIFUL and BREATHTAKING. Sorry to use caps on that but it's true. On the first couple minutes of my first gameplay...and random times just to appreciate it in new or existing areas, I admired all the detail that went into each area. From houses to trees to the ground, and even the blades of grass. This game doesn't have a virtual reality feature...but if the reception continues to grow, I hope it's something they will consider since the game is really immersive. 10/10. Downright gorgeousCustomization of Character:To put it short, I give this a 9/10. I had to deduct a point on this because while there are many customizable options, there are some things you don't have control of. For example, when you choose the Berserker class, you are a giant race. If you play tamer, they are normally very short when it comes to height.There are many, many, many, many customization options for your character after you decide on what class you want to play. First off, is the body type. You can select many body parts and make them smaller or bigger. Fat guy? Check. Anorexic ♥♥♥♥♥? Check. This is basically the body range you can make. Also, there are many hairstyles to choose from. Think it ends there? Think again. You can make certain parts of the hair shorter or longer! You can also mix up to three color areas on the hair. Want white hair with a sunshine sheen? It's possible!There are also eyes. You can modify the iris, pupil, and pupil shape. You can also make these parts bigger or smaller (well if you want to create a mutant lol). You can choose a range of colors as well. Want two different eye colors? Done! There are also tattoos you can place on your characters face. Again, size, color, and position are your choice. Another thing is skin color. You can choose a range from pale to black to a grayish dark-elf look.Lastly, another unique feature which I have never seen is modifying your character's voice. You can give your character a unique voice using their modification. So you can have a male character with an almost girl-sounding voice, or a female character with a manly voice...if that's your thing.Music:Some of the music is repetitive in a few areas, but overall, it is well done. The game uses an orchestra-style type of music, where it ranges from a relaxing music at the ocean to the upbeat music of a dark dungeon. 8/10. Came across certain tracks I could not stand (Looking at you, Northern Wheat Plantation)Story:This game encourages you to choose your own adventure, so you can explore or make choices on your own. This is good for people who are sick and tired of mmorpgs forcing you to follow a linear story path. The problem is that the only limit of where you can go is by your level, so be careful!However, there is a ""main"" quest line you can follow. The story is that you wake up in Olvia by a small black spirit guiding you. The Black Spirit's focus is making you stronger and leading it to gain its own power. You will come across adventures and random story scenes occassionally with not much detail, so it's up to you on how you interpret it. (not giving this a rating since it varies)Gameplay:Overall, 8/10. Good but some big problems.Warrior for hire? Done. Gathering to make a living? Sure. Doing errands to make a living? Ok. This game has many possibilities on who you can become. You can focus on your professions for questing or level up, or focus on defeating monsters, or just a mix.There are many professions you can level up on, so you can become a jack-of-all-trades or master of everything if you wish. There is gathering, processing, cooking, hunting, trading, fishing, alchemy, and more!There is also a knowledge system, basically you can be a living encyclopedia. You can gather knowledge from people you meet, monsters you kill, gathering and processing certain items, stories, studies, etc etc etc.There is also a contribution system, basically ""call in a favor"" to certain npcs or places. With that, you can purchase houses for extra storage, creating factories, or even living in a town.Now, this is a feature that will turn off many players, but it will get better once you keep playing. There is an energy system. This system is used to gather or process items. With low levels, this can take a lot of energy. As you level up though, the amount will decrease. Talking in a server group chat will also decrease your energy. At first, you can level up your energy level by killing monsters. Later on, however, you have to rely on gaining knowledge to raise your energy level. Luckily, there are daily quests available to help you gain some energy for what you lost.The game has an open world pvp system with strict consequences. On the earlier areas, you shouldn't have to worry. Another thing is in order to help someone out, you would have to make a party with them. So, for example, you cannot heal another player if they are in danger. In otherwords, mostly singleplayer until you party up.Economy:The economy is ""fixed."" Basically, the game sets the maximum and minimum prices on what you sell in the marketplace. This has its pros and cons, but I find it has more benefits so that the players don't rig the marketplace.This game tries hard to combat against currency botters and hoarding items by not including a trading feature. The only way you can get something from someone else is through marketplace. While I am a bit bummed out not able to give someone anything, I can see they mean well. I give this a 7/10.Community:The community depends on who is online and when. It can be toxic, but you have a choice whether to give into the toxicness or trying to put some humanity back in the community. There are decent people and there are toxic people(toxic ones tend to be the loudest by the way). Overall, from my experience, it's a mixed situation.Playability:This may be a concern for some, since this game is a huge jump from the regular games being released nowadays. This game uses a lot of resources due to the details in the game. I have a Nvidia GeForce GTX 760 with 8 gigs of memory and running Windows 7 (yes I get it). I am able to run the game fine except when I get into a huge city full of players. Sometimes, my game freezes randomly. I have to give it a 7/10 on this part. Able to run it nicely with a couple of problems. (I find Olvia to be the least populated place, so I made it my main warehouse and residence there.)Overall:Wow. That was quite a review! Normally I don't make them this long, but with a game like this, there are so many options and so many things to explore and do! In short, Black Desert Online is the next-gen MMORPG that will enertain you for months or even years to come. With so many customization options, choosing who to be, and choosing your own adventure, this mmorpg is your story to make.Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Many professions to level up-Endless possibilities on who you want to be-Customization options???:-Fixed economy-Community-Main story up to your own interpretation-Choosing to follow main story or not. (but recommended for perks)Cons:-Energy system, but improves as you progress.-Few customization options can't be changed.-A lot of resources needed for PC to play game.Final grade:9/10. WHO NEEDS SLEEP?!"
76561198162133458,Not Recommended,582660,33245400,Posted: 4 July,all,Kill Blinton,"This game is fun, for a little while. Early on you feel like an unstoppable god face rolling groups of 15-20 npcs at a time, no problem.Here's where the game starts to lose me. All bosses are summoned by scrolls, weekly. There are no traditional ""dungeons"". The quests are boring as anything.Here's where the game REALLY loses me. You dont really find better gear by progressing in the game. You upgrade lower level gear with ""stones"". When you get your items to a certain level, you fail upgrades at an increasingly high rate. The stones can be looted or given from quests, but not nearly enough, so you have to grind for cash to buy them on the MP. The most effective way to upgrade higher level gear is to fail upgrades on purpose on low end gear to increase your chances of succeeding on the piece you actually want to upgrade. At the end of the day, this adds up to more grinding.You grind you grind you grind, start to finish. Nothing cool happens, nothing cool is going to happen. Not my jam."
76561198026660847,Recommended,582660,32395094,Posted: 13 June,all,YOUR MOVES ARE WEAK,I can't go through the fap areaI mean character creationhelp me
76561198008935393,Not Recommended,582660,34480089,Posted: 25 August,all,Adrinachrome,"Great game, really fun, but the dev's and GM's are very overbearing and heavyhanded in handling bans for ""wrong-think"".if you're strongly opinionated about anything and vocal about it, expect to be banned mulitple times, implied or explicitly.No wrong thoughts allowed citizen."
,Recommended,582660,32006162,Posted: 27 May,all,Captain Chunk!,Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.Name already in use.
,Not Recommended,582660,32000165,Posted: 27 May,all,David,"I'm not feeling this one. The combat is really fantastic.The game reminds me of Vindictus but Open World.There is next to no player interaction.The PvE is garbage- you might as well not even quest since Grinding is far superior.The cash shop is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Most of the customization is locked behind paywall.The character creation, whilst its robust and the character models are awesome, its not very easy to work with- if you want say a blonde character then you'll have to mix a whole bunch of colours to me that's very counter intuitive- it would be better if there were some template options the same way the faces option has.PvP being locked to level 50 is a bad idea, the devs should copy Guild Wars 2's level scaled PvP as this is the games strong point.Crafting seemed really fantastic but very grindy to the point where it could take months to level.The games Armors are too similar in appearance which is just really bad from the Game Artists whole worked on the game. Most of the armor is just the same model with a colour pallette swap so there's not much visual progression on the character and not much in the way of customization.The UI has a lot of useless information on it, though its easy to turn off.The Black Spirit Cutscene is ANNOYING and it'd be good if I could skip it everytime I get a quest but I can't. It wastes a lot of time.Voice Acting seemed pretty good.Sadly this MMO has nothing special. Its still much better than Arch Age ever was. But this isn't a sandbox, its a themepark and not a very good one at that. Its a real shame too because the combat is just amazing for an MMO. But it might as well have been singleplayer given how little the players actually interact or communicate. The guild system is also really bizzare and poorly implemented.Sadly I can't recommend it. The price was good, I had fun for the time I invested and I feel like I got my money's worth.I might still come back to the game later on when its further developed and there's more interaction. I really wanted to like this one."
,Recommended,582660,32833648,Posted: 26 June,all,Lucy Usagi,"Was sceptical because the game file was so big and our internet was slow.Today we got new internet and we got optical fibre so the internet is faster so i finally managed to download the game and try it out.My friends who have it said its a great game to play and the graphics are amazing and really for any person who likes MMORPG games in general. I like playing dragomon hunter, Aura kingdom and Riders of icarus which are free MMORPG games. This is the first Paid MMORPG game ive ever had and im so happy i got the game.The controls are a little different but its really fun overall and im having a blast. Spent 30 minutes making my first character because theres so much choice and the graphics are hella good in comparision to any other mmorpg ive played.Would definitely recommend the game!"
,Recommended,582660,31942767,Posted: 24 May,all,Summer Camp,"It's really fun. Good graphics, awesome combat, helpful community."
,Recommended,582660,32607304,Posted: 20 June,all,☻╬♦Wojtak♦╬☻,I love this MMO!!! So much to do for TEN BUCKS this is an absoloute steal and any mmo fans should definitely pick this up. here are some of my favorite things.Depth.Combat.Character creation.visuals
,Recommended,582660,31946597,Posted: 24 May,all,Snow Flake,This is one of the most graphical RPG games I've played and I recommend
76561198393392594,Recommended,582660,32837175,Posted: 26 June,all,Deathupon,"At first looks pretty typical, but after you hit lvl 15+ you see the attention to detail and the overwhelming amount of content. Super fun and addicting and cheap."
76561198273517277,Recommended,582660,31945516,Posted: 24 May,all,SaintGod666,"I grew up on a cow farm.  i hated it every second of my life.  Milking cows day and night was so boring and tedious. My dad always said ""the world needs milk son, that's why we're here."" Now i'm milking cows in this game day and night.-Thanks for teaching me dad"
76561197996436624,Not Recommended,582660,32814200,Posted: 26 June,all,IceDane,"This game is really good in many ways. But it's broken in more ways, which is why I won't be playing it.The entire inventory and weight system is broken in such a way that makes you wonder if their developers are mentally deficient. If you are overburdened, and you want to turn in the items that are causing you to be overburdened for some other items like money or such, you can't. That is, you're at 110% of you max weight. Turning in those items will, say, take you to 90%, and for that you'll maybe receive an item or items that take you to 95% -- meaning you're not overburdened. But you can't do that. You need to juggle your items, like the armor you have equipped or potions(which weigh an absurd amount btw), until you can somehow finally reach a weight that is just below your maximum weight, while still keeping the 1000 pieces of trash loot that you need to turn in for the reward. This applies to basically everything. You can't receive quest rewards, you can't do anything if you have too much weight. Why is this? I don't know. Either it's because the developers are just incompetent or because they just want you to buy♥♥♥♥♥♥in the cash store. Every time you go over your weight limit, you get an icon pop up that will take you directly there. It's not like it's cheap either. I could travel to another country and stay there for less than what I would consider a reasonable amount of inventory or weight would require me to pay.This game isn't P2W, but it's P2NGI = Pay to not go insane. Want to loot everything you kill? Buy pets with real money, or loot it manually and severely gimp your XP/hour.The auction house in this game is also the embodiment of completely braindead design. It's heavily regulated, and has some ""bidding"" system which makes no sense at all. This means you can just be standing and waiting for an item to pop into the auction house for hours, and it will just be sniped from you, because everyone else is doing the same. You can't do personal trades for 99% of the items in this game, so you can't even be ready to pay more than the AH price if there's someone willing to trade it to you personally.Why do you think this game only costs 10 EUR? Because you don't get a full game. It's like paying a F2P game with optional subscription -- no inventory space, very low weight limit, etc etc etc.I've already spent 40-50 EUR on this game on top of the 10 I paid for it, and now I'm probably going to stop playing it. I wish I could get my money back. And that investment is almost entirely for a single character, because none of the weight limit increases or inventory expansions are permanent on but a single character. Go figure.The issues I've mentioned here may not sound like big ones.. but I literally just entered the game, thinking I could maybe do some grinding or something. The problem is that if I want to turn in the loot I've gathered, I need to travel back and forth between my storage like 10 times, juggling items between my horse carriage and my character, so that I reach the weight limit so that I can turn in items. It's just so massively inconvenient that I honestly can't be bothered. Half an hour or an hour of mindless walking and item juggling because of idiotic design decisions before I can go and actually play the game? I honestly don't have time for♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. I'd rather play some game that hasn't been designed to pump money from their customers.Want to play this game?Pros:- Really nice combatCons:- Really, really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying weight limit/inventory system designed to get you to pay for more.- ^ per character, so get ready to pay a ♥♥♥♥♥on if you don't want to go insane when you level a new character.- Want to loot everything? Prepare to gimp your XP/hour, unless you buy pets for real money.- Completely useless auction house.- No personal trading for 99% of the items in the game.- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ default settings -- you get spammed by notifications about *every single thing that happens in the game* by default. In the middle of your screen. Seriously... who is the ♥♥♥♥ing moron who thought that was a good idea?- This game is optimized like a turd. Prepare for 40 fps inside on your massive beast of a machine.- The stat system is very.. opaque. There's AP and DP and some things like crit, attack speed and accuracy.. But all we know about these stats is speculation or some manual testing that has been entered into spreadsheets. It's hard to say what stats like accuracy do, and there are apparently ""hidden stats"" on some items.. which makes no sense either.- Servers are almost always massively overcrowded to the point where there is noticeable lag looting and talking to NPCs.If you have a lot of time and real life money, go ahead and have a blast."
,Recommended,582660,31943317,Posted: 24 May,all,Vellor,"Can only talk from first impressions since i have never played BDO before now;The character creation is incredible, until you try the ""standard facialpose"" thingy and get such a hilarious result that you snap it to your friends and laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off only to keep it and make it your profile picture.Other than that the story is meh, but the gameplay is so engaging and fun that you just skip the story all together (and this comes from a guy that LOVES stories in my rpgs). cant wait to play more of this game, also for the low sum the game is currently going for its almost a shame to not atleast try the game out."
76561198079020543,Recommended,582660,32874959,Posted: 27 June,all,LeBowski,"Grinding is the meta, no method is betterPros+Giant amount of content+Cool market system+Grinding is fun+Free♥♥♥♥♥♥if you play a lot+Great combat system+Exploring pays off+Amazing graphics+Variety in classes+Character customisation+Cooking, Chemistry, hunting, Fishing, Trading, Crafting and more!Cons-Grinding can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥-Paying more will increase progress-Some information is lacking-FPS can drop like crazy-No fast travel, a lot of time spend on horseback or foot. (Just press T and get some coffee)"
76561197991246792,Not Recommended,582660,35400881,Posted: 1 October,all,Polecat,"This MMO is painfully average with creative, but no less annoying, systems to try and get you to spend money. The gender locked classes are also extremely annoying. Generally speaking, this was a waste of money, even on sale. Go elsewhere and you'll have far more fun."
76561198314395221,Recommended,582660,31963143,Posted: 25 May,all,5ugo1,Remember to alt+c once you reach level 50 in the open world for free exp boost!
76561198197019337,Recommended,582660,32030589,Posted: 28 May,all,Y_u_no_come,"Pros:- The world is beautiful. Enemies are different from your regular MMO.- The combat system is extremely complexed. You ""can"" hotbar buttons, however you're handicapping yourself if you don't press them in real actions like Up+F. It's much more fluid if you press action combinations for combos. What makes this the combat different than the others is move canceling. I didn't know this was in this game until I saw another player performing impossible moves.- The grind actually feels good because you're performing attacks that are beyond that of rinse and repeat. You even feel like an absolute god.- lots of jobs: crafting, fishing, tanning, etc. You can get lost in them for hours, and there's also a ranking system on it, which is weird but good if you like that kick back experience.neutral:- Gender lock, however some classes are just like the other such as Wizard and Witch or Musa and Maehwa.- confusing minigames and small tutorial in the beginning that won't teach you anymore after the first 10 lvls.- No fast travel, just your feet or your mount. The mount is an actual being too. Enemies can attack it seperately and kill it.Cons:- No endgame anything. Gears is by daily/weekly miniboss challenges in a particular location, which will take you 5-10 minutes on mount.- No dungeon runs either. Match making isn't in this game. You want to party with people, you do it the old fashion way: by guild or shouting.- RNG everything. However, this can be fixed with +luck gear. Luck will help increase particular chances but RNG rules most of everything whether farming, damage from particular anything, drops and stats on gear doing particular things.- A turn-off to newcomers that don't like hard MMOs. The learning curve for this game is pretty high, but if you like a challenge it's rewarding. Those that like just pressing hotbar commands are the first to suffer after reaching lvl 50.-A Majority of quests (if not life skills) are fetch and kill. Talk to NPC, go kill 30+ enemies, come back. This is what you call a Korean Grinder MMO.Pay extra portion:There are key things that make microtransactions somewhat enticing: Pets, value packs, extra inventory and weight limit expansion. Although you can play this game ""pay once"" like it was intended to be played, however these items make the game much easier PvE. As for PvP, there's nothing that can one up another player PvP other than better gear. Better gear is bought with silver and silver is power. In order to get this sort of silver, there are many ways, and what makes getting silver extremely easier are these items I've listed for microtransactions.1) Pets w/a max of 4 can pick up items for you and carry on their own. This alleviates some of the stress of picking up items from mobs. Each pet is roughly $8 real money, but if you play the game long enough, 20 days gets you a free penguin (at least for the time being). At lower levels, pets aren't something you'll consider, however in higher levels while you're in a party you'll have that one player with pets, and that player will take everything that's dropped.2) value packs: you can buy a 30 day value pack for $15, which is basically their version of subscription fee. This can be bought in auction houses with ingame currency, however it's quite hard to get one as it's the highest sought out item in the market and they only release 1-2 every 10-15 minutes. The value pack increase 100 weight limite, 16 inventory slots and 16 storage, and on top of that you get %30 back for auction house sales. What does that mean for sales? W/o it you're typically selling everything for roughtly 60%. That 300k stone sold will only give you back 180k unless you have the value pack in which you'll get back 210k. This actually adds up as you will be selling millions of items in the auction house and a majority of your income is by this.3) inventory space. In-game there are quests that can increase your inventory space up to 30, or you can pay a premium and increase it even further to around 90, which a lot of life skillers do. If you want to carry a ton of different items, it's almost needed for you to carry so many things at once.4) weight limit increase. You can grind to increase the strength of your character to carry heavier items, or you can have particular items that already increase your weight limit like the value pack or hercules gear that increase you 150+ weight. However, in higher levels there is gear that is far superior that you'll want to equip, so increasing your strength to carry is something that is either grinded or bought with microtransactions.There are other items that I didn't list, but that's because they're a want vs need. These 4 that I've listed a borderline ""need"". All-in-all you can potentially play this game completely ""pay-once"" as it is intended whether being $6-10, but you will be extremely tempted to purchase one of the 4 items in order to make your life a bit easier in-game. One of the things you'll probably consider is the value pack as it is basically a subscription fee for WoW or FFXIV. Don't let that mentality of trading one MMO for another for its subscription fee sway your wallet. You should only buy this pack if you really do want to invest your time and real money into this game as BDO is multiple games in one. BDO with the core of a MMORPG has many elements that make it multiple games. These other games are called life skils.1) Fishing: sure, you can fish in any mmo, but can you build a ship go to another island or in the middle of nowhere and fish there? With whatever you've caught you have options of cooking or finding a trader to buy your fish, which becomes an actual job that many players have come to enjoy called AFK fishing.2) trade empire: I'm new to this concept but you can potentially connect areas through trade routes, process or build trade crates and have them shipped to another area to sell for a profit. You can have works around the world collect and bring back to your storage items in order to process or built crates to trade again making it a trade empire in which you can also haggle prices for these items in a different area.3) Cooking/alchemy: the most effecient way to cook/alchemy and make money is by having contract NPC workers find resources, bring it back to your storage units in each town where you can make the necessary food or potions and then sell them on the market.Again, the 4 microtransactions are borderline needs and they're  more purpose for those that are serious about this game and for specific situations. Grinders: pets; traders/fishers: inventory space and weight limit; and alchemy/cooking: value pack. Although you can give your character all of them to make your character more well rounded, they're not much of a need as comparison to these particular key points. I hope this helps, and if you want to know more, leave a comment.TL;DRIs this game worth your time? Yes, because other mmos are really old and out of date. Top subscription IMO is FFXIV vs WoW. Top free to play mmo is Star Wars, however it's only up to lvl 50 free. Best pay once: this game followed by Guild wars 2 and then ESO.What about p2w? It's significant. Since you're paying once, and if you played any mmo, you most likely put money into the game that was more than just subsciption or just the base of the game. If there's a game you really care about, you'd support it by buying something whether cosmetic or actually helpful. For the price they're asking for is pretty cheap. You have a choice whether or not to put more into it. If you get sucked into this game like I have, believe me, this is one game you won't regret. This game sets a standards of graphics and combat that newer mmos should have. I'd hate to have the next best mmo come with runescape graphics or Maple story 2-D feel."
76561198166726285,Recommended,582660,31958274,Posted: 25 May,all,Valar Morghůlis,"+ Beautiful world design and character creation.+ Interesting action combat.+ Open world pvp+ Pve content, I mean the crafting, the horse breeding, the trading of goods, the fishing etc."
76561198084046451,Recommended,582660,31945326,Posted: 24 May,all,EternalHunterFox,"GAME WAS OUT BEFORE ON STEAM BUT..PROS:Huge open world - SandboxCharacter creation is as limited as your brain isYou are not locked to professionsCan make money ANY way you want toAuto path is a thingLots of afkable things to do - you can put the game in the trayCONS:World might seem a little too big because you can't teleportCommunity is really ..""exclusive""Fashion is either too much or costs IRL money (meaning armor looks don't change)AFKable things - I put this in both because some people would pref a lot more interactive things but it meets in the middle groundServers are unstable at times (because of steam port)Can be compared to a phone game because of the energy system"
,Recommended,582660,31941950,Posted: 24 May,all,ToKillaTwiinkie,"I love BDO and truly believe that it's the best MMORPG of the decade - I originally brought this game before it was available on Steam and have clocked at least 1000hrs+, yet I feelt I have only scraped the surface of the game content.BDO is an entirely openworld map which offers numerous quests, varying in complexity, logevity and numerous other things. Most of the time each quest relating into the somewhat detailed Lore of the game... At times the quests can become tiresome and long winded as most are repetitive and mindless, however this is a MMORPG and such repetetiveness is to be expected.For those that do not prefer combatant based gameplay, there are plenty of other options for progression - Fishing, Horse riding and breeding, trading on the market(P2P & P2E Trade)There is also a massively detailed charecter based levelling tree system, which, as players progress, said players can choose their characters innate abilities.Another mentionable point of the game is the amazing detail the graphical side of the game has to offer, everything is presented in a beautiful package and if your PC can handle it, you'll find no other MMORPG that can match the level of detailin most aspectsthis game has to offer.My above review until now has in essence only spoken of the best the game has to offer, however there are also a number of negatives to be spoken:- Primarily the intense grind that players will be faced with, a grind that will literally turn people away from the game in the long-run, leaving only the more hardcore members leftwhich is not neccessarily a negative, dependent on perspective.Something else to note which has become ever increasingly annoying is the latency that the servers have come to suffer due to the influx of players that have joined after the Steam release. Whilst additional ""channels"" where added into the game, the quality of said channels are horrible causing excessive lag, this means during peak hours the game is barely playable, with NPC talking upto 3 minutes to present a dialong, PVP combat increasingly harder and PvE content not worth the risk as regen potions may take 'x' amount of time before they will be consumedby which time you are deadand in the process the crystals you attached to your equipment lost!Finally, the biggest negative of all is whilst BDO promotes AFK'ing, it does require your PC to remain on and a connection to the server to be active - Once you disconnect from the game everything basically comes to a hault.Yes, this includes workers for those that do not know!TL;DRBlack Desert Online is awesome and has plenty to offer for people to burn at least 1k/hr+, but be prepared for the grind... Alot of it! Oh yeah and if you plan on using the AFK system - Spending a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne on your electricity bills.Sidenote for Kakao games;Even though I already owned the game, I decided to buy it again knowing 100%, pre-steam accounts cannot connect this way. I meerly wanted to support the game more in my own fashion - However I think it would be advisable for the intergration of pre-steam players to be able to login using the Steam variation or at least link their pre-existing account!Because of the nature of the family-name system, even providing an account merger for a temporary period of time would be nice to see? Having the ability for pre-steam accounts to override the steam made ones to retain our IGN's/progress etc.Providing we prove the identity to owning both accounts!"
76561197970316440,Recommended,582660,35316367,Posted: 29 September,all,Engibous,Don't let the $5 price tag fool you. This game will cost you hundreds of dollars in the end
,Recommended,582660,31941991,Posted: 24 May,all,Starfinder,"I have seen so much negative reviews, that told us about bugs, performance problems etc. I havent experienced anything of this, the game runs smooth (constant 35-40 fps) on almost maximum settings and i did not have any problems to start the game.The graphics are nice, especially for an MMORPG. Yes popping exists sometimes, but the rest of the wonderfull graphics are so stunning, that i can oversee some performance issues.Now the P2W. Yes there is P2W. No it ist not very much. The itams, wich you can buy for real money are mostly there to save your time. But there are still items that give you littly bonuses in the pvp. Because i only played the game for 2.9 hours i cant say anymore to this topic, but i will edit it, if i notice more P2W aspects.The battlesystem is realy good in my opinion. It makes a ton of fun just to kill some enemies with your good animated skills. One of the best points in the battlesystem od Black Desert Online is, that it is not an classical ""point and click adventure"" like it is in classical MMORPGs like WoW. In BDO is the fighting system more kombo and reaction based, so most of the fights are a little bit more skill based then in classical MMORPGs.The game has not only a good fighting system and the best character-customisation i have seen so far, it has a lot of other good and bad gamplay mechanics, but they are to many to list them here.In my opinion the game is a great deal for 6-10€, but be sure to read or watch some reviews of your choice to the game, so you can ensure that you will like it.Here my PC specs:Intel Core i7-6700Nvidia GeForce GTX 97016 GB DDR3 RAMWindows 10 64 bit"
76561197989186943,Not Recommended,582660,32397483,Posted: 13 June,all,Gnollmar,"This game is great, its a lot to do, you can be casual or hardcore and still be important to your guild etc. lots of fun and enjoyment in this game ... so why am i not recommending it?Well, this game is very much based on different things you can afk etc. while away. This in itself is not a bad thing.WHat IS a bad thing thogh, is the ridicolous amount of disconnects, tiny updates leading to disconnects etc.As long as this doesn't get fixed, I will not be able to recommend the game. It IS a great game though, so kinda sad."
,Recommended,582660,32468124,Posted: 16 June,all,[K!LL T3@M] KoBK,The game is good the only thing the game needs is perfomance optimization and better interface
76561198104233370,Not Recommended,582660,32159751,Posted: 3 June,all,aschergoodrich,"installs a rootkit into your computer. No warning about this ""anti-cheat"" either. ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Recommended,582660,32035621,Posted: 28 May,all,Psychic Kitty,"I got this game way back when it was first released before steam. So my review is based on my gameplay.In addition for those that already have an account....and want steam stuff too....yes you have to spend the 5.99.All you do even though they claim they cant do it.....is...move your black desert directory into your steam folder with your other games.  Then hit the install for the steam black desert,,,,it will sit there installing erasing....takes a bit....thenafter its done....open the directory....change the name of the steam black desert launcher to someting else....and change the old launcher file's anme to that of the steam launcher.  This will then give you all the steam stuff...ic ant comment onthe high paid packs....as you can get those in the game itself...and not sure how steam handles that.Now to the game play.This is an action game mmorpg.  It has many differing ways to play it....you can follow the story...about the black spirit and what happend many years ago....and who you are.....you can PVP....its mostly an open world PVP...with warrents and bounty hunting....and even a place for people with warrents to go to.....it also has alot of marketing and micro managing....you can higher workers...buy and sell commodities they have charts and things to look at for specualtion.Many people say this game is mostly grinding....if all you think you want to do is level up....ok....fine....you can do that...grinding it....boring....you will be weak as you wont have things unlocked...but your choice.The game is best if you do missions...level up more normal as you will unlock areas people and other things.The game uses the typical level system..but items are not level limited.You also have skill on your character that you train by doing things....walking with a heavy load..increases your carry weight limit as an example.Another interesting function is the familiarity bar on all NPC you can talk to....you can raise this...and unlock missions or quests or other bonus items.You also have a huge knowledge base....every time you do things you can get a knowledge....there are multiple levels of knowledge you can get rewarded...once rewarded you have to unlearn that level...and then try again to get a superior knowledge rating.  Example here...knowledge of farrets...if you ahve a low knowledge you know about them...you get their name can see their health maybe get a small bonus to hit and damage....but if your knoledge is superior like grade 5....you can get extra drops bonus exp...plethora of stuff.  Knowledge is like this for most things in this game.  There is an NPC int eh game that will help you more on this.There are nodes.....nodes...you unlock with specialized points you get via leveling and missions and knowledge....unlocking a node gives you a bonus...like letting you sell or buy things in an area....or getting more of some commodity...once you unlock a node you may level it with energy....the enrgy comes back slowly over time...leveled nodes are better then unleveled ones...you can also teleport and run to these unlocked nodes.still with me?ok so you have crafting and fishing...yes you can afk doign this stuff....i dont advise this....you leveling up your craft skills a million times slower that way.You have workers.....these can make things for you..or do tasks in places you ahev bought.You can buy buildings....and then select from a choice menu of what to use the building for.You have mounts...a cash shop...guilds....action puzzles.....contests...world bosses...dungeons.....ok the list goes on.This is a fun game...its different then wow....it has alot of things in it...more then i can list....or this review will become a giant 1000 page best seller.i recommend this game....i stopped playing when i did because most people i knew didnt play it...but lately it seams people i knew...did play it....just never said anything.....I recommend this game....look at the pictures....if you like action hack and slash and RPG games....you will like this.By the way....dont know if this review is the best....This game has just alot of options."
,Recommended,582660,33165408,Posted: 2 July,all,Lostvayne,idk
,Recommended,582660,32165879,Posted: 3 June,all,Utage,"The only MMO where you can have a trade monopoly featuringenslavedcompletely willing volunteers consisting ofsubhuman goblins and giantsupstanding citizens of different races who gladly work for free.It's fun. The combat is basically Vindictus and life skills/merchants actually have a big role instead of just being some side profession. Pretty scenery and plenty of life skills to keep you busy.If you like the idea of an MMO where there are other professions aside from just beating stuff up, and if the idea of having a self-sufficient monopoly and loadsamoney is appealing to you, give it a shot."
76561198076078427,Recommended,582660,31968426,Posted: 26 May,all,🌸エルサ🌸,"First off, this rpg makes you work to get what you want. I mean wwwwwwooooorrrrrkkkk!!!! This game is very grindy, nothing comes easy. I have played this game for a few months now and I have made progress, not a lot, but progress. It becomes really fun once you branch out and try out the life skills and what not.Second, you do not have to grind for everything. Pearl Abyss throw in some really good events that literally give you free money. You do not have to even activly play. You can AFK fish and level up your fishing. You can set the graphics to optimization mode and play other games while you get your pretty good daily login rewards.Third, you can just be a life skiller to get your money. Now, you will not be making a lot at all when you first start out. You have fishing,gathering,cooking,processing,sailing,alchemy,hunting,trading,farming,etc. In order to really get some profit out of those life skills you will have to at least level them up to Master and that takes a while.Your best bet to getting money in this game fast is to go to Helm's Post and grind there for forbidden books. Be sure to connect your nodes there and invest energy for better drops there.Another good place to grind is Sausan Garrison. It is a bit farther than Helms but the xp there is really good and the loot is okay. You would more so go to Sausans to level from 56 to 57 because it takes a very long time to level after you hit 56.Anyways look into the game more if you are up for it, explore and have fun.(sorry for any mispelled words or whatever, too tired and lazy to revise cx)"
76561198272941699,Recommended,582660,35268969,Posted: 28 September,all,MrPandaSonic,"If you're into long-term grinding, then yes i woukd recommend, if not, the character creator is fun to mess around in and may be fun with friends, so unless you think those aren't atleast worth the $10 than i would not recommend."
76561198163399403,Recommended,582660,32152157,Posted: 3 June,all,Rust Jesus,Just finished my character and now I'm late for work. Graphics are worth the 10$ alone.
,Recommended,582660,33093240,Posted: 1 July,all,Delt☆id,"Black Desert Online... Is it really worth your time and money?--------------------------------PROS -Large, beautiful living world with plenty to do everytime to loginClasses seem fairly balanced in PvPNode system is a nice touch for those wanting something else to do aside from the main Black Spirit quests (plus you earn a ton of cash on the side)Lifeskills are fleshed out and fun to do when you have the time to master themGrinding doesn't feel repetitive. It feels fresh everytimeLarge Guild PvP wars that span across the entire mapSandbox elements are a welcomed change to the world of MMORPGs (we could really use more)Game isn't P2W at all. Yes it has a cash shop, but mostly everything from the cash shop can be bought on the marketplace with silver (ingame currency)--------------------------------CONS -Sometimes cash shop items are needed, unless you don't mind grindingThe game has no instances, Instead the whole entire world renders at once. Can be very tasking on weaker CPUsServerlag is common. However this can be fixed by swapping to less crowded servers.--------------------------------In total I've really enjoyed my time on BDO. Sure it isn't the ""perfect MMORPG"" that some people make it out to be. But that doesn't mean it isn't a good one. Give it a shot if you have 10$. It's worth it, trust me."
,Recommended,582660,32200313,Posted: 5 June,all,FlyMeToTheMoon,"First of all as of the moment of writing this there are only 3 MMORPGs that I can recommend investing time in - WoW, GW2 and this one. Though I have less than 100 hours in it compared to other people with thousands of hours, I will describe my experience so far in those less than 100 hours.Unlike WoW and GW2 this MMORPG is not tab-target click spells/abilities. The combat relies on combos and quick reactions which I like. I don't even want to call it MMORPG because it is nothing like the two mentioned above but is indeed massive and multiplayer and online and role-playing. But you cannot simply compare it to the two above or any other MMO. The best way to describe this is perhaps ""GTA set in a fantasy world"". There are no dungeons and raids like in other MMOs. You can perhaps call it sandbox. You can do anything you can think of in this game just like in a sandbox game. But not quite. What I dislike is that you cannot build things like your own house(you have to rent one which you can lose if you don't pay for it weekly), there is no end-game PvE content. The game focuses on what it would be like living in a fantasy world. You have to do every-day stuff such as have a profession, fight other people, quest/do missions, do massive battles etc. I haven't touched a lot of aspects of the game because I mainly like to do quests in MMOs.About the people claiming it's pay to win. It's pay to win as much as GTA Online is pay to win. You can buy in-game money there with real life money and then spend them to buy the best home, weapons and vehicles. Does that make GTA Online pay to win? No it doesn't. It's there for those who have excessive amounts of money and can afford to throw their money at the wind. Cosmetics. Lots of games offer cosmetics for real life money, like LoL, Dota, Paladins etc. Does that make them pay to win? No it doesn't. They just make you look pretty. Of course I would love to see they do the same thing that was done in Guild Wars 2 - in GW2 you can use your gold to buy the currency that is offered for real life money. This way those that spend 10+ hours per day in it and farm gold can actually obtain the items that are being sold for real money, no-lifing rewards you.I might add something else later if I feel like it."
,Recommended,582660,31962056,Posted: 25 May,all,KingKyurem,2 hours of customization.... WORTH IT!
76561198097804575,Recommended,582660,33141614,Posted: 2 July,all,Kev,"Wow, okay this will be my first legit review for any game ever. please keep in mind that these sort of games are my favourite kind to play, so althoug imperfect, i may be a little biassed towards it.I was very cautious when considering whether to buy this game or not. The Steam reviews have not been so good so I really fought with myself for two days before crumbling under the pressure and buying it. I mean what's the worst that can happen? I paid $6. After playing for a little bit over the span of two days, i have quickly realised that this game has consumed over thirty hours of my life. I realised that Steam reviews can't always be trusted, considering that this game has less than perfect reviews, but I do know this type of game isn't for everybody. Everybody has their tastes, and I STRONGLY suggest you at least give this game a try. You get a free two hours afterall. I will warn you though, you may easily waste two hours creating a character so i suggest you use a base character and go straight into the game to really get a feel for it. I'll also say that you should NOT go into this game expecting an RPG game. it is NOT an RPG. I would consider this game closer to a Sandbox MMO, due to the fact that you'll find yourself not really roleplaying all that much like you would in games like Skyrim or Runescape even. You can be a fisherman in this game or a trader, but you'll feel the same way doing both of those activities, although they are so diverse. so now that we have that out of the way, I will say that this is one of the best Sandbox games that I have played in ages.First impressions: I will admit that I still have no idea what Im doing in this game and there are all sorts of items and little things that buff your items that I have no experience with. Google hasn't been able to really help me always, but so far 99% of the players in the game are more than happy to assist me. I have barely explored the world, so there will be all sorts of features probably left out of this review, but after thirty hours, i feel that a review is appopriate.Pros:-Epic combat-Beautiful graphics-A dozen of skills to spend hours training-Massive open world-Decent servers (mostly)-Autorun feature (no quick teleport so this feature is a godsend)-An interesting Node system that allows you to own properties (I haven't fully explored this feature so please Google it if you're interested in learning more)-A marketplace that allows players to trade universally with each other-Guilds/ Clans allow you to interact with other players and become a part of the communityCons:-you need to pay real money to really make your character look any different-The game can stutter at times-servers are sometimes unstable during the day-Sometimes the chat can become a toxic mess (can disable)-The UI can get a little spammy (can disable)-Sometimes it really feels like there's too much to do and might become overwhelmed-Once you get to a higher level, killing enemies becomes very very easy-Can't do individual trading with other playersAll in all there really is no need to ever pay more money than what you paid in the original price. most things that can be bought with real money can be aquired from a few days of grinding. This game is not perfect, but it has been such an enjoyable experience for me. The best advice i can give anybody considering buying this game is to not expect an rpg like WoW or Runescape, but instead expect an openworld Sandbox style MMO. Another thing to keep in mind is to not take this game too seriously. I have seen countless people complain over ""the grind"" in the game istelf. yes there does involve a bit of grinding, but if you play this game somewhat casually to have a fun time and waste some time, then the grind feels much more enjoyable. For people who have played Runescape (Specifically Classic), the grind in that is much worse than the grind in this so it shouldn't be a problem for those people. Players will definitely need to invest some time in this game to get far, but so far after thirty hours, it has not once felt like a chore to me. I STRONGLY recommend that anybody buy this game and give it a try for $6, but i do believe that once this game is no longer on sale, The price is still very much worth it. The game normally is $10.99. Even investing a mere twenty hours into this game means you've gotten your money's worth, and I know that for me, I can easily put 100 more hours into this game. After casually playing for thirty hours, I have ONLY discovered 8% of the world. This game truly has so much content in it. Im so pleased that this game has been brought to Steam because before that, I had never heard of it. i would love to see this community grow bigger in the future. I strongly advise you to at least give this game a try. You may be strongly pleased, and if not, that's perfectly okay too! This review definitely isn't very well thought out or written, but after over a day of constant enjoyment, I figured that I had to write a review for this game, because I strongly believe that this game is of higher quality than what the overall rating for this game displays. After 100 hours i might realise there's a fatal error in this game, and if there is, I'll be sure to update the review. For the time being I know there are many many people on the fence whether to buy this game or not, and i hope I helped a few people make a final decision.*Update* Sorry for any confusion when I list this game as a ""Sandbox MMO"" I know it's sort of vague, but I believe that calling this game an RPG is a little misleading because you'll find that you don't really do any real roleplaying in this game. There is a roleplay chat, but people just use it to casually discuss certain things about the game. People with a good imagination can easily roleplay in this game, however. ie. Fisherman,trader, lumberjack, cook, ect. I'll try to find a better thing to call this game. A fantasy Sandbox MMO? It definitely has Rolep-laying potential, but I don't think many people see it as an RPG. The reason I define it more as a ""Sandbox game"" is because you can run around for hours doing nothing of any importance and you can have fun. I love wandering around without an reason similarly to how i would in minecraft. All in all everybody might have a different genre to consider this game, but I do apologise if I caused any confusion by considering it simply a ""sandbox MMO"""
,Recommended,582660,31951353,Posted: 25 May,all,Astolfo,"10/10 would grind again.Like in all Korean games, expect a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of grind. Stop complaining about it, that's what you get from a cheap game, and I'm comparing it to other MMO subscription based games.There's no P2W function, sure you can get pets, inventory/weight expansions, but they're not NEEDED to play the game peacefully/enjoyably, it's just a matter of how easily you want to ""grind"", which I believe you shouldn't complain while playing a grinding game anyway. Graphics are good, smooth, customizable, nothing worth complaining aboout. I have seen and played more terribly optimised games than this. All cash items CAN be purchased with in-game money so there's no advantage that real money can buy.Lots of stuff to do in-game, unless you're gonna complain about how all those stuff is about grinding too.One con I found is the community of the game itself. Older players like to hate on newer players a lot, for ""making the Marketplace harder to get items'' and ''stupid newer players should get off this channel"".Buy the game, play it and decide if it's really as bad as they say. If you don't like it, get a refund, simple as that.End game is standing in front of the marketplace for 6 hours bidding for pets/outfits."
,Recommended,582660,31950470,Posted: 25 May,all,faltHes,"Not sure why this is getting so many bad reviews.  At the time of writing this review, I'm a little over 4 hours in and enjoying the game thoroughly. Gameplay and visuals are the big selling points here. You will be mowing down packs of enemies, going from group to group like a badass. The themes are a little generic, but well enough to have fun in the world.Understand that this game is a grindfest though.There isn't any attempt to hide that core gameplay loop. You will just be slaying hordes of stuff, but having a blast doing so.  Definitely worth it at the current sale price of $6, and the explorer's and traveler's bundles are worth it too if you think you'll enjoy the game"
,Not Recommended,582660,35310626,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr Janusz,"Black Desert Online or BDO is a beautifull game with really dope combat system. Im in love with this combat system and visuals. Sadly it has what every mmo without a subscription. Microtransactions. Or rather say ""Pay or stay in place struggling"". This game is going to squeeze every penny from you so your experience with the game can be slightly better. You can get a lot of things just wasting like 2-5 hours for pointless grinding weak mobs. No challange at all, just stuff to upgrade your gear. About gear upgrades. Its the biggest downside of the game. Upgrading your gear is so stupid i cant belive somebody could think of that while being sober. Its completely RNG and most time against you. So you have to pay or waste 10000 hours to get decent end game gear. So much potential, so much wasted. Also quests are boring, spacebar spamming. After 2 hours of the game i stopped reading what NPC ""typed"" on a wall of text. It doesnt matter."
,Recommended,582660,35274775,Posted: 28 September,all,OtakuLondon,"Not really an endgame game I would enjoy, is it worth the $10. I'd say so, but when you play so much for so long, it all ends. Grinding AND GRINDING is my life, but when you like to Solo you need super gear against people for grind spots. Not recomomended for long duration unless you love this game so much you will play for 1k hours.Pros: Fun, Nice animationGood MarketplaceFriendly and fun community to me.Love to GrindCons: Some classes don't seem useful, or some classes are a must to play to win which annoys me in mmorpgs.Long duration for grinding to get a better upgrade on an equipment then seeing it fail wasting atleast 10hours.Soloing isn't the way to go past level 56, and is terrible at lvl 60 when a party comes to kill you.If you are thinking about being decent at this game waste $40 for grinding stuff, Such as pets"
,Recommended,582660,31944130,Posted: 24 May,all,Coyotexer,WOW The graphic is amazing even at low setting. The combat is really fun too :D
76561198055626305,Recommended,582660,33386773,Posted: 8 July,all,Kekistani Kommissar,I dont know what im doingjust like real life6\10
,Recommended,582660,31959060,Posted: 25 May,all,God,Fun game
,Recommended,582660,31944015,Posted: 24 May,all,Mookie,It's surprisingly deep and fun for around $5.
76561198141820293,Not Recommended,582660,33067597,Posted: 30 June,all,topoulost3roids,"Its a trapGames is great , very fun  with probably the best combat system. So why the downvote.Cause everythign changes after level 56 or the first month. O and you must pay for everything ridiculous amount of money  (which i did and wouldnt mind but if only i knew)So at 56 the xp grind becomes a grief. Level stop coming  just freeze , you literally need a week 8 hour grinding to get a level ftom 56 to 57  . Like a month from 60 to 61 after and the game doesnt have levels ...On top of that for the first month you get access to ""special"" servers that give 100% xp. After that good luck.When you move form the free servers for doing anything you have to pay.I payed 34 euros for aa single outfit which you cant get with another means and 20 for horse armor which was like  i said ok but after those 30 days value pack is gone(you need 45 euros a month to have that ) so no inventory room , less carry weight , you cannot speak to world (  need to buy a megaphone rofl) and in general game becomes a grief wihtout a reason and you need to pay for it.Recomended only for hardcore  no life grinders , who like to get ripped off their money as well"
76561198200226539,Recommended,582660,34040178,Posted: 5 August,all,hsdff,"Many mixed feelings whilst playing this game and most of them were positive because of the games uniqueness compared to the generic mmos we're used to see. It's not a ''do the main quest'' type of game to reach the level cap, there are many ways you could progress in this game and you can set your own goals for the game. Professions actually feel enjoyable to do since the progression is fun and you can progress in whichever profession you want to without any restrictions. Game has alot to offer as an mmo but as you play it out for some time you realise that it gets repetetive and not as fun which is obviously normal for any game. The gear progression is really stale and daily rewards make it seem useless to continue generating any form of wealth since the rewards are generally 5 - 10mil in items. Just to clarify the daily rewards are based off of my 20 days played. Cash shop items are not a necessity but some of them feel too important to stray away from buying them, for example one of the few items you are most likely gonna buy is pets. Pets are your companions that pick up your loot for you. It may sound like its not a big deal but in reality I myself have bought 4 pets just so I can enjoy the combat without constantly stopping every 15 seconds just to pick up the loot. Some pets have special abilities to them which are somewhat useful but not exactly a thing you should look for when you buy them since their priority job is just to pick up the loot.Combat in this game is amazing in a way but stale at the same time. whilst you level up your character to soft cap you are presented with set abilities that are the ones you are gonna use to level up your account toward the awakened abilities. After you have leveled to soft cap, you have a new quest line to learn awakened abilities that are in general 10x times better than your default abilities. After you finish the quest line and learn the awakened abilities u can throw the default skills to the trash bin since they are weak as hell and almost never used useless unless they provide the necessary mobility or cc for pvp, because in pvm you most likely wont use them at all because the awakened ones are just that much better in terms of dps, which is really dissapointing because as flashy as the awakened abilities are there are just not as many and the combat becomes really stale once you repeat a specific rotation of abilities for hundreds of times.This game is not pay to win and I have a strong feeling in my gut that it might just become that when the game loses its popularity. Currently there are convenience tools that are given to you in the cash shop, but some of the things like I mentioned previously are almost a must buy. Weight limitations are so low that it almost feels as if the devs made sure that players will get frustrated with the weight system and ultimately lead their customers into buying additional weight just so they could finally play the game without so many restrictions that the game gives you as a player who is not willing to pay for these convenience items.Gearing in this game is one of the worst things I've ever seen combined with the utmost terrible market system that the devs gave the players to deal with. Most of the problems lie in the rng part of the game where u have to invest all of your wealth into gear progression that is nothing but luck and a little bit of skill in terms of using your failstacks correctly. I have never been as disgusted with a market system like this one. You are very lucky to buy your needed enchanting items within 10 minutes.Grinding in this game is aswell very linear and it is indeed very boring because u have nothing else to farm but specific mobs for the next 3 months and the worst part about it is the ammount of people killing the same mobs as you do at the same time. There is always someone there with you no matter what who ruins or you ruin their clear rotation which will usually lead to open world pvp, which is completly gear reliant.I do not hate this game, infact I do really enjoy playing this game but I might honestly slow down because of the repetetive content that is constantly recycled in this game. It is a shame that there are aspects of the game that make it really boring and unsatisfying but you have to realise that there is much more to it in this game. If you are a new player I highly suggest to take it really slow because u might burn out really quick with this game and come to this negative conclusion like I did.All in all this game gave me something to do for some time and I enjoyed it a lot and will enjoy in the future aswell but not as much.This game is worth the 10€ and maybe even a little more if you are truly enjoying this game."
,Not Recommended,582660,35293615,Posted: 29 September,all,Kara,"If you want to waste your time and money on something shallow, but pretty: try going on a date."
,Recommended,582660,32629597,Posted: 21 June,all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"Nice graphics, fun fast paced combat, a wonderfully crafted game world and I also love that the game doesn`t hold you`re hand. There is a ton to do in this game and you really can play it how you see fit. Try a bunch of stuff and depending on what you find the most fun, go with it!You can do missions and fight a whole ton of enemies of course, but there is also alot of other aspects such as tamign horses, leveling them up and then selling them. You could also use the horses to breed, there are alot of possibilities! You can go fish (actually a fun little mini game for fishing) and then cook the fish and sell it, you can go make some beef jerky by fighting animals, skinning it and then drying the meat to make jerky. There really are a ton of options for things you can get up to in this game.Feel like hiring a bunch of ai to work for you in what ever field you choose? You can do that! Get on it and get those buggers to work I tell ya!I have spent hours so far just exploring aswell, as I said above the game world is very well made and feels living and breathing. This is a deep mmo with alot of different aspects, it is also only $10 which seems like a steal so far, there is a ton of content to sink your teeth into and alot of different ways to enjoy the game. Fun PVE stuff early on, cool PVP stuff later on, give this game a shot if you want an interesting mmo that tries some new things, this is not your typical mmo.Still have alot more to learn and experience in this game but so far it is very enjoyable with a ton of stuff to learn. I am excited to hop back on soon and play some more. Havn't played an mmo since Guild Wars 2 I think, this game is a good deal better imo, maybe not as polished but many it is alot deeper and alot more features/things to do."
,Recommended,582660,32007532,Posted: 27 May,all,Wennypise the Twerking Clown,"Top notch jiggle physics. 9/10EDIT: Okay but seriously, this game has the best combat of any MMO I've ever played."
76561198065641741,Recommended,582660,31996106,Posted: 27 May,all,Mr.Governator,"I've played MMOs since my childhood. Recently, I've been playing WoW, but I wanted something different. I tried ESO, Neverwinter... You name it. I had heard whispers of this game, but it wasn't on steam nor was it in the U.S. I was suprised to see it on steam, so I gave it a try. This game has killed a long lasting WoW addiction. I now just want to play this... The combat is excellent, gameplay depth is nice, graphics are beautiful. To put this review in number terms: 9/10"
,Recommended,582660,33799133,Posted: 25 July,all,dLan,"I'll admit that this isn't a game that everyone will like at first glance because it doesn't hook you in like many other games do. However, if you do have the patience to discover what your character and world has to offer, what you get is an extremely fun and addicting experience."
,Recommended,582660,33877809,Posted: 29 July,all,⌜𝔂𝓸𝓱𝓶𝓪⌟,"This is a pretty good game though. Honestly at the beginning of the game, I was not that interested, but while I was playing more and more of the game, i became addicted to the game. ""Takes your life away."" ahaThe level 1-50 is nothing, its is quite easy until you pass level 50.Now I will not tell you much more, because from level 50 you get a total of fun.Highly recommended for all fans and non fans of MMORPG's.I have played many and this one realy stands out for the positive.Buy and enjoy.sigทє∂ вy yσнмαทσ"
,Recommended,582660,32768343,Posted: 25 June,all,MJP,"Bite Size Review - Black Desert OnlineThe Good:- Graphics look really good- Character creation is really extensive- The entire game world is open, no loading screens after the first one when you log in- Combo based combat feels good and make the game more interesting- Life skills remind me of Runescape (meaning there is a lot to do and master more than just combat)The Bad:- The game is very grindy, some people will love it, others will hate it- The game is not very well optimized (out in the world it's ok, but as soon as you get into a city with other players, the frame rate drops like crazy)- PvE AI and variety is pretty poor, most enemies just walk toward you like zombies- You need to buy the game, but it does feel like a Free to Play game- PVP is based heavy on gear, meaning only the players that put 1000s of hours in will be competitive- RNG Loot Upgrade systems can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥- No dungeons or any interesting PvE content, Endgame is very much focused on PvP- The real money shop in the game, does sell items that do give players and edge over each other- Many of the systems in this game, REQUIRE you to leave your computer logged into the game to function (energy and workers)The Verdict:The graphics look amazing as you zoom in on your characters and notice the details in their faces. There are many different and interesting classes to pick and choose from. The life skills are fun to mess around with and level up as well, this part of the game reminds me a lot like Runescape with all of it's skills and I really enjoyed this part of the game. However the PvE and PvP part of the game is where other systems in the game clash with each other and make it extremely hard to feel competitive. The RNG loot upgrade system, having to remain logged in for your character to gain energy, having to remain logged in for your workers to work.So here's how the worker system functions - you send your workers out to work on harvesting raw materials or making items in little workshops that you can use or sell to other players. Now logically you would think you could tell your workers to work, set them all up at the end of the day, and then log out for the night and come back in the morning and have a whole new bunch of stuff to play around with. Logical right? But in this game that is not the case - you have to be logged in to the game in order for your workers to work!In a day and age when every single person on the planet is encouraged to conserve energy this makes no sense to me. And it's not like the people leaving their computers on are more dedicated to the game or anything, they are away from their keyboards too. Everyone needs to sleep, I just don't want to leave my computer on all night etc. Bottom line: It sucks and since I am not willing to leave my comp on 24/7 I feel like others who do make millions more per day than me, and it is hard to stay competitive with them since money in their game is everything. I am not a hippie type wanting to save the planet or anything but really though - why the ♥♥♥♥ do we need to keep our computers on for these systems to function? It does not make sense. EVE Online is another MMO that has similarly deep systems, but EVE lets you log out and have processes that you setup, and they continue when you turn your computer off for the night - and I wish this game functioned in the same way.Overall I would say BDO is an OK game.  The PVP is apparently really fun to play and the graphics are stunning for an MMO. The life skills are also really good and fun to do for awhile. However as I have said there are a few parts to this game that really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off - and these parts make it seem hard for a new player to catch up to the top elite. But at the end of the day, I paid $7 for it so I feel like I got my money's worth just messing around in the game world."
,Recommended,582660,33183293,Posted: 3 July,all,Spark,"Best MMO I've played in a LONG time. Combat is excellent, graphics are gorgeous, and there's always so much to do. While money does provide a slight advantage (ie. grinding/lifeskills efficiency) it's very hard to directly translate real money to ingame currency. A $30 outfit is only 25 mil which is 1-2 days of playing the game even for a low level. What can get frustrating is the RNG, but that's one of the primary ways they solve inflation in this game."
,Recommended,582660,33296650,Posted: 5 July,all,:pushy:,It's aight but striker is a thing so...
,Recommended,582660,33141354,Posted: 2 July,all,DemonKilla408,Great MMORPG I love it! This game is a great game and is constantly improving!
,Recommended,582660,31961639,Posted: 25 May,all,403fruit,"I'm one of the people owning vanilla as well, but I had no problem paying 6€ to be able to have it here. I have accumulated something about a hundred hours on vanilla, quarter of these being AFK fishing, so I had no problem starting again. Ok, maybe one small problem - them names. I used all my last good ones on vanilla, and even though this game has Family Names, Character Names have to be unique as well... Well, what can you do.The game itself is awesome. I like the ""no fast-travel"" thing - there's auto-navigation, and on longer journeys, you can make yourself a coffee or have a smoke or something... The combat is incredible - although there is a quickbar, it's mostly used for items. Almost all the skills are used by some combination of keys, or after/during another skill. I've never got past the levelling phase, so I didn't have a taste of that end-game PvP and Node Wars I hear so much about, but I love taking things slow, and this is just a game for that. No mood for brainless mashing through hordes of enemies? Take your fishing rod and go fish. (And if you think it's boring, just read the chat - it's quite entertaining, even if it sometimes resembles Barrens Chat of distant past.) Order your workers around, and if they're behaving, give them a beer or five. Go tame a wild horse, I dare you.It can be off-putting for new players because of the possibilities. And of the endless ""Is this game P2W?"" discussions. But if you can get past this, arm yourself with Google and enjoy your fantasy sandbox. For 6€! (And, let's be honest, 10€ ain't all that much too, in comparison with other titles.) The fun is there, you just have to want to find it. It's a sandbox, for crying out loud.Feeding the P2W debate: I'm probably not late enough in the game to compare the comfort provided by money-bought convenience stuff. But that's all it seems like - convenience. And cosmetics. Pay for it if you want. Don't, if you don't want to. But don't bash the game because you don't want to spend money on something you don't need to have to enjoy it..But I guess I'm just a fanboy. (I don't think so, but hell, who knows)When I'll feel like the buying price is too high for what i got, I'll edit this, I swear."
,Recommended,582660,33145302,Posted: 2 July,all,LittleGreyRacoon,"12 hours in one day. Yes, i think it's playable."
,Recommended,582660,33531787,Posted: 14 July,all,Banjooo ツ,"Why I recommend this gameI have really liked playing this game, its cheap (£6.99), there is a ridiculous amount of content, there is a huge map and I really enjoy the combat. If you like open-world style games or MMORPGs then you will likely enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,582660,35429743,Posted: 2 October,all,TUFOM,"If you liked runescape back in day this is game for you. Graphics cranked up through the roof and many additions like horses, workers you can manage, even wider selection of professions etc. Fair warning game can be unhealthy amounts addicting. I mean I got this about month ago...If you play casually you have zero need for in game purchases but if you take game even half seriously prepare to burn around 50€ (pets+weight limit) which are pretty much needed for grinding sessions. Another 30€ if you wan't look cool (outfit), some classes look seriously ugly by default with out paid outfit and its near impossible to get them for in game money since there are quite lot people ready to snipe.Witch+horse free outfit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1155982354Witch+horse my preferred paid outfit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1155982302Top of that 15€/month for valuepack which gives: Increase of Bag / Storage slots by +16, Weight Limit Increased +100, Unlimited Beauty Shop Access, Combat / Life / Skill / Horse Experience gain +10%, Marketplace Collection Tax reduced by 30%. Marketplace thing being the main thing you're basically nerfed by 30% of your income with out this.Optimal money spending guide:Forget Traveler's Package and Explorer's Package.From pearl store:2-4 pets (4 recommended) [18-44€]Weight limit 200-500 (more is better) [17-46,5€]Value pack for one month (for that +30% income) [15€/month]If you wan't to maximize your afk fishing revenue:+16 inventory slots (1-2x) [14,5-29€]""Brand"" your fishing rod for significant increase in durabilty.(I recommend doing this for Balenos fishing rod.) [4€]Everything is optional but this is my list if you don't want to be ""limited"" even slightest way.I would recommend playing a week with out paying anything and do not buy anything if you don't love the game!Game is most definedly pay for convenience and P2W to some extent. For example you can buy 30€ outfit and sell it for around 35M in game money but you can grind that amount in few hours. I can't imagine much people spending 90€ for 100M in game money. 100M is quite little money in long run.Also quite beefy rig is recommended, my i5 4690K @4.5Ghz, 16GB DDR3, GTX 980 OC can just barely keep game above 60fps 1080p with high settings. To fully enjoy the game I would assume you need rig quite near recommended specs.My final verdict is its awesome mmo game but prepare to pay more than 10€ if you like the game."
,Recommended,582660,31984407,Posted: 26 May,all,suuB,"Great MMO, very unique gameplay and overall style. This is one of those games where you find yourself saying: alright one more quest and out of nowhere you played 2 hours more than you wanted. The graphics are also pretty good for a mmo and the world is very detailed and immersive. The performance is also okay (some frame drops when there is much going on but otherwise no crashes or disconnects, atleast for me).Overall i recommend this game to everyone who likes a big immersive world with many quests to do and like to manage things like workers, houses, nodes etc."
,Recommended,582660,31987655,Posted: 26 May,all,Smooth Criminal,"Spent abit too much time creating a wife,Probably waste more time creating her husband.Havent entered the game.10/10"
,Recommended,582660,32064657,Posted: 30 May,all,T.,"Probably the best looking MMO i've played so far, and i've been playing MMO since i was as young as 9 or 10. THis trully blew my mind from the start to even just the tutorial, I know this might be a bit of an early review, and i will go back to it later to give a better version - but my first impressions so far in the 6hrs i've played. Its trully amazing, the combat system is detailed, the game always has many players - so its never dead, even if you are playing this at 3am at midnight and you are just going through the tutorial area there will still be people.tl;drits a good mmo to spend your money on, as you are paying a 1 time fee, its not a cash grab, its play to win and not pay to win like 99% of the mmo's out there and everything about the game is beautiful."
76561198004695501,Recommended,582660,34041289,Posted: 5 August,all,Sophus,What Runescape should have evolved into.
,Recommended,582660,32948654,Posted: 28 June,all,MySliderBreak,"I got this game around 4days ago, and been in love since the day I got it, the only game I can be happy about it even if I paid 50$"
,Recommended,582660,31961388,Posted: 25 May,all,Sir whiskers VONBONBON,"Bought the steam version to support it.its not a bland MMO, its actually worth trying.go to the main site and trial it for 7 days. (however you wont be able to use the email from the trial for the Steam version)the game doesnt have a subcription to keep playing after purchase so theres that."
,Not Recommended,582660,34378872,Posted: 20 August,all,mrcl,"I read some of the reviews are negative because some update about ""microtransaction""Here you goNOOB REVIEW5 hours, solo playing, LV 20 RangerWith that said, yes you right, i am not pro, not good at this game, and i never touch any microtransaction in this gameSo if you want some experienced review, dont read this review thenThis review is for those question :""Is this game lag?""""My ping is **** what happen?""""Is the game easy?""""Is the game good?""---------------------------------------------------------Character Creation:Forget those sh*tty face from Skyrim that you made 1 hour, then you spent 10 hours installing face mod to make some waifuHere the character creation is top notch... The game really gives us super beautiful ""anime"" like face(you can edit the body... yeah.. you can resize the ""jiggling stuff"" too)-Graphics:This is MMORPG, so don't expect something good like Witcher 3 or GTAVThey got a little bit laggy tooCurrently i am using 980 (GPU that can run any single 1080p resolution game on ultra 60FPS)80% of the time i got 60 fps, but maybe some fps drops to 20I never do any PVP combat, but for PVE, i never had any problem.There are some cutscenes too, but really poor voice acting and animation... again this is MMORPG... so yeah.-Network:No this is not an offline gameYou MUST use an internet to play this gameAnd they only have 2 type of servers, which are EU or NAI am on Sydney right now, checked my ping... 200+Not a good news for Australia and AsiaStill playable for PVE, but not for PVP i thinkGameplay:-Grind, grind, grind, grindIf you currently looking for a ""how to get money fast"" at google, most of the people will sugest you do ""Live"" workswhich are like fishing, gardening, producing, etc...This is kinda ""AFK"" game, so you can ALT+TAB all the time with easeEven you can drop the graphic quality to super low, do some fishing, AFK then play another gameCombat is awesomeI am super sh*t at games, but i can do some combo stuffs with my characterSo many classes to chooseYou can enchant, buy, sell... just like usual MMORPGBut the game economy is sooooooo deepIf you look at my game library, i am not that kind of MMORPG guy...Something keeping me attach to this game, (NOT THE BEAUTY FACE... i promise)I don't have any friend playing, i don't have any guildbut still funConclusion:Its kinda hard to describe itI love this gamebut i kinda afraid to keep it playing and then dissapointed after end games (that needs you to buy microtransaction)So maybe i will update this review sometimeBut so far.. noSorry i can't recommend this game--------------------------------------------------------------TL;DR:Graphics : 6/10 == 9/10 for character creationCombat : 8/10Network : PING 200 no problem / Only 2 servers NA or EURPG : High dept economic system, huge map to play... but A LOT OF GRINDING and a lot of bad news about end game gameplay5/10"
,Recommended,582660,33460212,Posted: 11 July,all,Crebsy,Sorry that name is taken
,Recommended,582660,34862214,Posted: 10 September,all,MiseryMox,"Positives of BDO:Graphics are amazing. High quality has a good image and I managed to take some nice scenery shots.The community isn't toxic. Exploring places is fun if you aren't always competitive.Events are always on and the daily reward system keeps me coming back to receive the prizes.Quests are very easy to keep track of and complete. (The queue should be longer btw).The customization is great with the Value Pack Dyes. :)Negatives of BDO:PETS. Why are they so damn expensive? They cost so much.Mounts. Can we have some flying horses please and thank you.Grinding - it's a never ending grind fest to the end game.BREAKING ITEMS. Need something to prevent this.Forced PvP... not my thing.Bland substance in terms of like, regions differing. They should all have a different vibe.Feels quite repetitive and the bosses are too easy lol.Overall: There is definitely alot of room for improvement, however I do recommend. It's a good game for the cheap price and you don't need to pay a monthly subscription. You can't expect WoW quality in a game that only costs one month worth of playtime."
,Recommended,582660,32133797,Posted: 2 June,all,Super Lemon Haze,"This world feels alive. There's so much to do (and so much money to earn!). BDO started out feeling like a typical MMO with some unique combat elements, but it's more unique than it lets on. You're not just building a character, you're building an empire.  You level primarily from killing mobs, quests instead are more useful for their Contribution Points which allow you to unlock Nodes along the world map. In towns you can rent lodging and hire workers to work in town, or outside it in one of your nodes if that node supplies something. As you gain points you'll find yourself creating a vast network of nodes that allow you to earn money and trade at greater prices with farther reach. You'll also setup workers to generate items that you can turn into money, essentially creating a passive income network.The gear system is not for you if you're into endless drops in a Diablo-esque gear party, BDO is instead focused on taking a piece of gear and upgrading it. You invest resources and at higher levels have a chance of losing progress/harming items as you attempt to upgrade them. You can also just buy already upgraded items off the market. It can be frustrating, but honestly it makes upgrades feel super special and the simplicity has an elegance to it that I find charming.The game can be kept running in tray while you AFK fish or process items in crafting. You can also auto-loop a path on the map for leveling up your horse or carrying weight.Yes, there's weight in this game! You can be carrying too much. It adds depth to cost/profit prediction and logic. You'll value storage space, and suddenly packs on your mount are a god send. Ever wondered how in RPGs people transport millions of heavy gold/silver pieces? Well in BDO that's a factor. If it sounds annoying, it's not, as suddenly the storage in each town/hub becomes an asset cache to be put to work. You can also convert cash to gold bars and invest them.PvP Is a big part of BDO. Guilds war over nodes which they can control. Nodes generate tax revenue. The longer a guild runs a node the more stable/happy it is the better it is at generating revenue.  Much of the endgame focus is on building your fortune and PvP.The combo system in BDO is what makes the combat feel unique. Abilities can be triggered using key/mouse combos like shift+lmb and certain moves combo with other moves creating a symphony of pain and death for your enemies. A well executed string of moves is pretty to look at and savage in damage.I'm really enjoying BDO. You might say I'm hooked - and unexpectedly. It has a lot of depth and it's still revealing new things to me every day, and I have heard from players playing longer than me it's still revealing new things to them. There's a lot to explore and the exploration is part of the fun.  If you're looking for a new MMO experience, you enjoy resource management, and don't mind a bit of a grind - please try BDO. Take your time and don't let it scare you away, it's fun and not as overwhelming as it first seems."
76561198066541409,Not Recommended,582660,33072529,Posted: 1 July,all,DARN-44,This game is definitely fun for a few hours unless you have someone to play along with. After a while the missions are repetetive and the the grinding is INTENSE. If your into that sort of games then buy it but if not keep looking.
,Not Recommended,582660,35318551,Posted: 29 September,all,Alabastor,"A beautiful game mauled by a heap of mechanics just to draw more playtime out of the player.Also it has the worst story I've ever seen in a video game, ever.  A black cloud just screams at you for a few hours then you give it dentures because some ditzy girl hates tents.  Some old man is creeped out so he asks you to muck out his friend's cave.  Then you help some price of an occupied country by weeding a random pupkin patch I left out couple details, but I can't be asked to remember them since the game doesn't care either."
11001110010100101,Recommended,582660,31969541,Posted: 26 May,all,The Censored One,"The best open world sandbox MMO on the market.Imagine if Archeage didn't go P2W.Best combat system in any MMO.Seemless open worldImmersive feeling during gameplay.Do whatever you want, whenever you want.Too Short, Didn't Read:Play the game, you can do whatever you want.EDIT: After seeing that 4/5 of the negative reviews were based on the game not running, learn how to use Google! Don't mark down a game just because it doesn't run when for the majority of the people it does. If it's not running, then you're the problem, not the game."
,Recommended,582660,33459101,Posted: 11 July,all,ｚｏｏｂｌｅｓ,You like traps?You like Alienware?Then this game is for you.
,Recommended,582660,32050370,Posted: 29 May,all,Nizon,B u t t  p h y s i c s
76561198006430814,Not Recommended,582660,34542015,Posted: 27 August,all,R3aper,"BDO is really amazing at the beginning. It has a lot to offer, Lifeskill (fishing, alchemy, farming...) amazing combat system, huge world to explore and nice graphics.Pro's:-Nice Graphics-Amazing character customization-Huge world to explore and lots of content-Lifeskills-Combat systemCons:- definitely PTW- Bad story- RNG in every aspect of the game. (even the marketplace)- AFK proceeding (was fun at the beginning but now its just annoying)- Worst community I’ve seen in an MMORPG so far- The worst and most frustrating enhancement system!!!!!The enhancement system is completely based on RNG and the worst part in this game but unfortunately the most important one.I don’t regret buying BDO and I will continue playing it (mostly because I already spend hundreds of $...) but I cant recommend this game to anyone.Save your money and time for other games."
,Recommended,582660,31953484,Posted: 25 May,all,Puff,I have a non-stream account 100+hr it runs pretty well have fun alot and I have been loving it so far great game alot of grind :D 10/10
,Recommended,582660,31944157,Posted: 24 May,all,Shit_l0rd,"Game crashes upon trying to launch, really hope it gets fixed soonBeen playing through the non-steam version for roughly a week now and even though I'm still a noob I'm loving all the options of what you can do. If you've got 10$ to drop on an MMO I'd defenitely recommend BDO"
76561197964882597,Not Recommended,582660,32186386,Posted: 4 June,all,Kazzamkablam,Game itself is decent and entertaining enough.What bugs me is that they shove microtransactions up your face.Want to loot stuff in timely manner? shove money for it.Want inventory space? shove money for itWant to be able to use the inventory space you bought? Better buy carry weight tooWant advantage in crafting? shove money for itWant to look better? shove money for itBasically game's solution to most problems is to shove more money at it.It even puts store button to screen when you log in that goes away once you log to store.
,Recommended,582660,31942271,Posted: 24 May,all,BlacxkY,BEST MMO 2016 + 2017
,Not Recommended,582660,34300830,Posted: 16 August,all,Orc Peon,Fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pay to win garbage Kowea
,Not Recommended,582660,32303829,Posted: 9 June,all,Squirt,"It's literally trash. Clustered UI and more like one of those ""HEY BUY THIS"" phone apps.  OH! It also downloads a anti-cheat on your computer without consent that scans your ENTIRE computer!! Without asking permission, only way to delete is through files or regedit!"
,Recommended,582660,33565448,Posted: 15 July,all,thöjtt.kriime.org/lol,"It keeps playing while you are AFK so you can take a break, call your parents, spend time with your gf so she don't get mad at you, and you know like, live a life, go to work, get your homework done. I mean that part is optional, but you can do a lot and barely have the game open. AFK fishing is pretty cool, because you know... fishing. You can unlock a system of nodes and send workers to gather resources on job nodes. Nothing you do AFK is super lucrative until later.AFK Kinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1060397480More about nodes. CP exp is the only thing you gain from questing. There is also combat Exp that you only get from killing monsters. And then every kind of skill exp. You use CP to unlock nodes, which greatly effect how you personally contribute to the game's economy. Nodes effect everything from trade, to fishing, to where you can send your SLAVES, I mean workers sorry, you really don't pay them though so guess welfare to work?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1060420393The crafting system is pretty neat. You have to buy houses and send your workers to benches in workshops within the houses you buy. Nothing you craft is going to be worthwhile to craft until you get really far into the crafting node system. Most things you are better off selling the crafting resources. Main thing you will be doing for crafting early on is making things for your own use. Some resources that your workers gather it is worth it to process just to get your skill levels up for processing, you will have diminished returns though.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1060440315The economy of the game is the real draw. It is a living breathing economy. Everything on the market has a fixed high low sell price that seems to change based on trends, not really sure about this.. There is a trading game built into it which plays a bit like port royale or patrician. I use this description loosely. I haven't used the trade system much, so I just go off of the little research I have done.Mounts are pretty amazing. You catch your own horses in the wild. But you can buy them too. You'll also make wagons to transport goods for the trading game. Ships are new apparently. There is a boat you can fish from that looks hard to craft. All the vehicles and mounts can be equipped with items that increase stats and effect cosmetics.I really like this game. It has a WoWcrackish quailty for me that I never really got absorbed with sandbox MMOs before. Sure sandbox games, but this is the first MMO like this that has really drawn me in. The combat is really lacking, but that's not really a minus for me. I just want to do all the sandbox economy type stuff, and when I do farm quests and kill monsters just crush right through it. I feel like a really good, challenging combat system would be a distraction. There are plenty of thempark MMOs that have good combat systems. If that's what you want go play one of those. This game is about something a little different.Certian systems are a little wonk,  but you can get used to them. Make friends with the BDO subreddit, and the wiki. BDfoundry is great too. This game is one of those games that casual and action gamers are going to consider work, but if you are a certian sort of gamer who enjoys true sandbox games (if you think skyrim when I say that GTFO) This is an easy buy, well worth 10 dollar entry fee. There is a cash shop too if you are the kind of person who wants to blow 500 dolalrs on mostly cosmetic pets and sexy outfits for your digital waifu.More Garbage reviews onTkay's stupid reviews."
,Recommended,582660,32308400,Posted: 9 June,all,"""山の翁""",I only bought this game to look up my characters dress.
,Recommended,582660,31952381,Posted: 25 May,all,Dr. Drake Ramoray,"Great game, superb combat. You smack your enemies, and you smack em hard."
76561198013255703,Not Recommended,582660,32153376,Posted: 3 June,all,kingnothin19,"Game is extremely tedious.* ***Everything has durability - the axe you use to chop trees, a fishing pole, cooking stove (what ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stove only gets 100 uses?), butcher's knife, etc.*The auction house (market place) has minimum and maximum prices for each item, so it is more like a lottery than truly bidding on the items you want.*There is extremely limited trading between characters, so much of the economy runs off of cash shop items being sold on the auction house.*Areas in the game are separated - you can link up resource nodes and send people to work. It is neat. However, they are restricted by region - so stuff made in one city can't be used in the next. You can transfer it... but yet again more tedium.*Pets have actual uses, this is great! However, good luck getting one if you don't use the cash shop. Want the best pets? you can breed them... by buying more pets on the cash shop.*Overlay gear, the kind which is normally only cosmetic, provides stat bonuses. Better get out your wallet.*There are a lot of missing tooltips and explanations in game. Veterans of the game love it, because they can act accomplished for having already compensated for extremely poor in-game details.*Game is disappointingly easy in early levels... am told this improves toward end levels, but what seems like an impressive combat system is ruined, imo, because of zero actual pve challenge early game. Combat is more of a ""gets in the way while trying to use my frail axe on this tree.""**Game is probably great if you're willing to sink tons of cash into it. Be prepared to spend tons of hours doing boring things only to realize there is only more of the same ahead."
,Recommended,582660,31953516,Posted: 25 May,all,R3K,i  love this game it so gd i mean what more is there to say i paid 4 pound and got i really gd game
,Not Recommended,582660,34302210,Posted: 17 August,all,Hansen Me Nudes,"Newest update crashes constantly, servers are even worse now, and the p2w changes."
76561198006715661,Not Recommended,582660,34527035,Posted: 27 August,all,Cromium,"get quest > kill 5 monsters > get quest > kill 5 monsters > get quest > kill a boss > repeatI have a job in real life, and i can't spend this much time on useless, uninsteresting quests for this long, this is a must have game for diehard MMO fans that can bear the grinding, but this game is NOWHERE near good for casual people.yes the grafics are pretty. But you get so many skills at the start and everything is a clusterf*ck of information that makes everything to overwhelming. atleast Final fantasy 14 online slowly teaches you the game by giving you one skill at a time, but this game just makes it completely unreadable to new and casual players.Only get this game if you are a hardcore MMO player. <-----"
76561198011829133,Not Recommended,582660,32204304,Posted: 5 June,all,Rage Quit Robert,"So far I've spent more time trying to get this XIGNCODE3 anticheat to work without crashing my game. Telling me I have multiple game clients open? No, just one. THAT YOU KEEP CLOSING! Anyway, that being said I uninstalled it. Only to realize it didn't even take this ♥♥♥♥ing XIGNCODE3 program off my pc. Until they change their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ anticheat software, I will not play. I had to remove the anticheat software manually by disabling services, editing registry and deleting windows files. NO TANK YOU FRANG."
,Recommended,582660,32356427,Posted: 11 June,all,comprehensive amount of doinks,"Your friends will bully you for playing too many hours and call you a no-lifer, but in reality, you just left your game on to afk fish."
76561198092486411,Not Recommended,582660,34717408,Posted: 3 September,all,aqua,"Well, to be honest, as a 10 Euro Game, and about 200 hours play time, i think it worth my money (in game time), however, i won't recommanded it for anyone, cause this game itself critically bad designed, and in my opinion it is worse than all other korea games:1. First of all, this game is really badly optimized, i have i7 7700K and GTX 1080Ti, but i still sometimes get FPS under 20 when fighting mobs even i have the graphic at only medium.2. The difficulty is very badly designed. Not like other games, the difficulty (like mobs and missions) in BDO isn't grow rapidly, but all dramaticly. Missions under lv50 usually tell u to kill less than 50 specific mobs, and these are not that hard to beat, as far as u upgraded your gears to +7 or above. Suddenly, once u reach lv50, missions started to ask u to kill 200 or 500 at once, yeah happy grinding. Also, the damage, defence and HP from enemies above lv50 is totaly another world as under lv50, if u go on with your +7 gears, u probably get one or two shot by usual mob that the quest asked u to kill.3. So u need better gears. The most gears (green one) are sold in Amity shops or easly dropped by monsters, thats not bad. Blue and yellow gears are boss gear and yes, as beginner (at least not for 200 hour newbee) u won't able to survive the boss fight, also they are rear drops. Upgrading a green weapon yourself as beginner can be really annoying as u may not that tough to get the area that the base gear (used to repair the maximum duarbility when failed) are sold. So there are 2 ways: buy the base gear from markt cost up to 10 times of the price than in amity shop, or be cleaver buy a upgraded one (+15 or higher) from market.4. And here comes the new problem. The marketplace in this game is ruined, as they don't allow you to enter a price you wanted, all items has a price range and cannnot overrun or under run them. Once an item is registered, it can take up to about 15mins to show up in the list. After showing up, the first 30s will be called ""Biding time"", witch in my opinion has nothing to do with bid: u simply hit the bid button and wait the time ended. After 30s, the stupid system will select a bider randomly and make them the winner of the bid. The winner got another 30s to comfirm the bid (pay the bill) and get the gear, if he haven't  done this in 30s, the item will be open for everyone, when the winner faild to pay in 30s, the one with the best ethernet and reaction will get the item. So u GM call it bid.5. Well, u still have another choice to buy items from marketplace without bid or challenge your ethernet speed. You can pre-order an item, pay whatever u want for it (but must be higher than the highst price of that item), every item has only about 30% chance to enter pre-order once they are registgered. So 30% chance to get into pre-order and even then, u'll need to challenge your price with others who paid more than u.6. You can't really trading with your friends to give them some gears that you don't need. Because trade don't allow u to trade gears.So everyone need better gears, but the avalible gears in market are limited, mostly when u check, these gears are grey. Even u make a notification, u still just challenge your luck. The result is, new player has bad gears and can't do well above lv50. Some of them may have good luck in events and get some boss gear like oger ring (like me), they don't really need them as starter, so sold them and have money. endly, they get eneough money, but STILL CANNOT BUY GEARS THEY WANT, BECAUSE THEY DON'T HAVE LUCK TO WIN THE BID.7. so even it is tough to beat monsters, if u slow down u still may make some progress, but here comes the other trouble: the badlly designed PvP and Karma system. Character above lv50 are allowed to PvP as long as they not in safe zones. Of course if u PK those who are ""good"", u get penalty in your Karma and negative Karma will be nightmare. BUT, karma is now more than easy to get, so even those PKer get into negative Karma (Red name), they can recover quikly and go on PK. So what do u Developers supposed the karma system to do?  When u grinding, most people will just start an ambush and kill you, simply because they can or they want to. (got once hunted down by a PK group, and the reason was simply, they can't stand white names)If u don't care all the points above, and really happy to grind decade hours for slitely improve fo your gaming experience, here is some positive points of the game:1. Extremly good Graphic, even when u are at ""ultra low"", it still better than many other MMORPGs2. very high flexibility at Charactor Building, if u have time and paitent, u can almost make any character that looks the same as u wish3. Althrough skill combination for all classes are somehow the same, u do can feel high action aspect, skill combo dose change your gaming experience ( but low geared player can no way to kill good geared player)4. This game is not Pay 2 Win like other korean Game, this game is grind to win."
,Recommended,582660,33354446,Posted: 7 July,all,Bootyful Cookies,"Had to search up tutorials for an hour to figure how the game works,told me to leave me game on and fish.10/10 would play again cause there is fishing."
76561197977619350,Not Recommended,582660,32222649,Posted: 6 June,all,Wispy,Installs xingcode without permission.  Xingcode has been know to cause issues with other software and is very difficult to remove since you can't simply uninstall it. Remains active on your PC even if you uninstall BDO.
,Recommended,582660,32402247,Posted: 13 June,all,Elvindy,"Best Money making Simulator. AFK Fishing, AFK Cooking, AFK Strength, AFK Running, AFK Training Horse, AFK Sailing, What else?Graphic > Very GoodSound   > ExcellentBooty    > BIG FAT BOOTYBoobs  > Firm and squishy10/10"
,Recommended,582660,32961825,Posted: 28 June,all,AREDONE,"Amazing game, first MMO I ever played, not difficult to master and the content in it is huge!"
76561198399624717,Recommended,582660,33012646,Posted: 29 June,all,Fuck Me,"Pros- You can dump 14+ hours a day in this game and still have more to do after months.- Amazing Graphics- In depth character creation with many unique classes- An Original MMORPG ( if you hate MMORPGS you can and most likely will enjoy this game )- Huge world full of grounded Mobs, NPC's, Cities and a proper day and nightime cycle.- Thousands of skills you can learn on the side such as cooking, alchemy, farming, worker management and so many more things I cannot name here.- A vast market ran by the players and I mean ONLY the players.- Minimal hand holding [ for you dark souls lovers ;) ]- FanserviceCons- More of a PVE kind of game- You will find yourself hardly talking to other people outside your party.- Lack of hand holding for all skills ( debatable )- The climb after level 50 will be a rough grind to 56- All real PVP is late game materialI'm sure there are plenty of points I missed in this but I hope my simple list worked !"
,Recommended,582660,32931065,Posted: 28 June,all,Jadetsu,"Great game, very good graphics for an MMORPG and it's a grindfest. (like a lot of my favourite games)Pros:+ Grinding+ A lively and huge world+ Lots to do+ Great graphics+ Extensive fighting systemCons:- Grinding- Servers get full sometimes- Not very massively multiplayer, you mostly play alone"
76561198095815823,Recommended,582660,33941538,Posted: 31 July,all,StormMaster,"This game has some of the most indept character customization i've ever seen, you can change everything exactly to your liking, i think i spend a good 10 hrs on just that alone. Combat is fairly easy to get a hold of but harder to master, leveling is fast and the more interesting content like world boss is post lvl 56 but if you grind it hard, you can reach that in a week easy.Gear is chance based but also not level restricted which can be very frustrating at times but also super rewarding when you do succeed. Banks are shared between characters so its fairly easy to create new ones and have them ready for higher level content. Nodes are complex as sht and I spent the first 100 hrs with no idea wtf to do but its a interesting management game where assign workers to gather resources for you while your off doing something else, easy to make money with.Cash system is mostly cosmetic and convenient based, you can buy super kid friendly costumes for all your characters that dont show massive cleavage whatsoever. The game gives you plently of free inventory slots via quests so that has never been an issue and you can grind up your weight limit by carrying trade goods and just afk walking. Pets are very useful as they help pick up loots and have unique skills like faster fishing and detecting special monsters. Overall you never have to you the cash shop as you can purchase the items via the marketplace by bidding on it but you have to be lucky as tons of people will be bidding along with you.I would say each class is unique in its play style but there are specific classes that just take longer to farm due to lack of aoe, but all have beautiful animations with colors flying everywhere.Graphics are amazing but there are popins when you near a especially large structure sometimes. However the game does not run that great, I have a 970 and I get 45-50 fps maxed with dips to the high 30s in extremely crowded areas or times when there are many effects on screen. There is also a bug with the market where you will get low fps sometimes because everyone is on the same page looking at the same thing i think.Overall I do recommend this game to fans of mmorpgs as it has some really good ideas and I really enjoy how the skill progression goes as the more you do any skill the better you get including stuff like just walking around. However I believe this game requires a certain level of dedication to become one of the best, you will have to play long hrs if you want to really get good but if your a casual like me you will just have to contend with being mediocre. Also you can walk around in your underwear8.5/10Halp i is addict"
76561198073434303,Recommended,582660,33805721,Posted: 26 July,all,One,"This is a pretty good game though. At the start of the game I wasn't as interested in the game but as I play more and more of the game, I became an addict to the game. Level 1-50 is nothing, it's fairly easy till you go pass 50. Grinding levels are harder, better equipement is expensive, enemies become supa hard to kill. But when you get to level 56 you get the questline to get your Awakening Weapon which makes the game even more fun because of the combos you can do now.Pros-Mostly everything in the game you can earn with silver-Map is huge-Lots of exploration-Tons of Quest-GraphicsCons-Classes have set gender-Marketplace is laggy sometimes-Sever Maintence every week-Takes your life away"
,Recommended,582660,32087091,Posted: 31 May,all,CravenCastle,"This is the MMO i have been looking for since before WOW.First things first, this game is nothing like ESO, WOW, and Guild Wars 2. Those games are dungeon and raid based MMO games, and they are fantastic. I have played almost every MMO out there, but BDO is by far the most immersive and fun for me.This game has incredible combat, and it reminds me of games like shadow of mordor, mixed with soul caliber. It works with combos, and has a very nice flow to it. All of the combat is in real time as well using skills you level.However, by far the best part of this game is the ""Life Skills"" aspect. Fishing, gathering, and especially trading, are all some of the most fulfilling and satisfying parts any game ive played.TLDR: This game is a mix of Civilization, the Sims, and Dungeons and Dragons.BUY IT."
,Recommended,582660,32228435,Posted: 6 June,all,Hobbes,The Rootkit this game installed completely stole my Loli image collection.They have great taste in Lolis.
,Recommended,582660,32094632,Posted: 31 May,all,Solofight,First MMO I've played in 5 years that I truly enjoy.- Fast & fluid combat- PvP!!!- Servers actually have people on them- Its actually not P2WJust get it!
,Not Recommended,582660,34406981,Posted: 21 August,all,Sangre,"Let me start off by saying that Black Desert Online is not an inherently bad game. I believe some people may find it to be a great game, and this review is meant to inform them as well. Here are some things to know before you buy.Be aware that although this game is not neccessarily pay to win, it does have a upfront in-game paywall. In order to be competitive, you need to spend about $40 USD in game to get pets, which are essential to grinding and leveling up life skills.Leaving your game running in the background when you are not playing will give you a significant financial advantage. This advantage is so large that if you intend to be competitive (buy the best gear), I would consider it a neccessity. Most players leave their game running 24/7.The marketplace doesn't work very well. The entire game is balanced so that long time players will get a boost over newer players, and this extends to the markets as well. If you are a new player you will not be able to compete financially with older players.There is no end game PVE. Their are no raids or dungeons, the most you can do is fight the world boss every once in a while with the whole server, or grind high level mobs.Cosmetic items are prohibitively expensive. If you are like the RP aspects of the game this is worth pointing out. As of writing this, clothing costs between $22 and $35 each, and house furniture costs between $11 and $25, not including floors and wallpaper. While these will not neccessarily improve combat, but if you like RP, its seriously going to cost you.Lastly, creating and leveling up alts will give you a decent overall boost. While this will not matter to most people, if you RP and only want to use one character, it will be to your detriment.With all these factors under my consideration, I cannot recommend the game to people who intend to RP and who only do PVE."
,Recommended,582660,32013268,Posted: 27 May,all,RobotGamer1100,Super cool combat! Tons of stuff to do! there is something for everyone!
,Recommended,582660,31961126,Posted: 25 May,all,Naysayer,"This is my first time playing a MMO and I'm really enjoying it, everywhere seems busy and a lot of people, and lots of things to do, and I LOVE the worker system where you can automate mines and forestry camps to make you money. Great feature."
,Recommended,582660,32742108,Posted: 24 June,all,Chill,"/For the record I have played black desert when it was first released to europe/usa.Very good mmo if you dont mind grinding.There are alot of fun ad interesting skills, some of wich you can train afk wich is a great feature imo, keeps things interesting.There large ammount of things to learn in skills and the game allways manages to surprise you.People who say the game is pay2win are just plain stupid.I got to level 55 in 2 and a half days so I dont agree with alot of people saying how long it takes to get high levels.TLDR:+Not pay2win+Good graphics+Combat+Skills+10 $ no monthly fees"
76561198401408009,Not Recommended,582660,34472180,Posted: 24 August,all,KING,"Too many issues with the game, ie. daily server problems, background popping in etc. Gameplay and character creation was the best part, but the world seemed empty and boring."
,Not Recommended,582660,35332126,Posted: 30 September,all,(≧◡≦) ♡,"Pros+Amazing graphics.+One of the best character customization in mmorpgs.+Waifu/husbando simulator.+Great combat.+Life/trade skills such as fishing/alchemy.+Guild wars for castles/nodes or just pvp.+Node system.+Open world.+Open world pvp lv50++Very solo oriented.+PVP focused.+?A lot of events that gives cron stones.+Hunting special bosses or whales with muskets.+ShipsCons-Lag-Servers are bad. Very bad.-Client is not that great and may sometimes have a memory leak.-Gender locked classes.-3-4 classes are overpowered while the rest is either alright or just need a lot better gear/player.-RNGRNGRNGRNGRNGRNGRNGRNGRNG.-A lot of grinding and LUCK to be actually competitive in pvp.-There are few grinding spots that offers the best xp and there are always a lot of players especially on weekends.-No real trading between players.-Even though you can buy most cash shop items through marketplace, they're limited and always contested after and its very luck dependant.-The publisher is like another Trion/Gameforge.-L A G-Cash shop items are required to be competitive or more efficient. (10% xp, life xp boost etc).-Pets which are required for grinding unless you want to pick up every single item dropped.-The client needs to be on 24/7 if you want to be progressing efficiently.-Karma system which punishes you for pking.-Very solo oriented.-Energy points which is required for certain actions. (Similar to Archeage's labour).-Top guilds would have their players abuse the node system for extra silver.-Enchancement gear system +1 - +20 which has regression from +17 - +20. (Except accessories and life skill clothes which gets destroyed if it fails).-Pve is only grinding mobs over and over again or world bosses for bis gear. No dungeons.-Endgame is just grinding for lv61+ and boss gear for pvp for guild castles/nodes.-A lot of features in this game is incomplete such as investing energy in nodes.-Servers are really really really bad.I think that's about it."
,Recommended,582660,33466264,Posted: 11 July,all,I'm Lambo,"Im writing this review for my Steam-level, but seriously this game is amazing. You CAN play it completly free after the one-time purchase, but consider yourself monthly-fee'd for 15$ if you want some serious value out of your time. There's also some other things such as weightlimit that you can extend with real cash, making it easier to grind for long periods and not have to run back to town all the time to empty your bag.But that's like all the negatives I have summed up, other than that I love how the game's played out, you can even gain money EASILY while afk, but there is alot to learn as a new player, I suggest watching alot of beginner guides on youtube, espiecally on gearing and enchanting, (and contribution-point system). If you can sit through all of it without withing out, you're sure to have a good time.PS. Im not gonna read through my review so there might be some miss-spells and errors in my writing!"
,Recommended,582660,33363768,Posted: 7 July,all,Hyelander,"So, Koreans have hard time figuring out check boxes...Half of the game setting check boxes disable if check, and another half enable if checked.Dear Koreans, check box means ON - when checked, and OFF - when unchecked.Sincerely,Your friendly neighborhood Western Civilization."
,Recommended,582660,32370255,Posted: 12 June,all,Prophety,"Black Desert Online - I kinda feel like I want to write an unusual review about this game, as I could never express all impressions and feelings this game gives to me. If you really want to know about this, you have to experience this for yourself.Somehow this game gives me feelings that no other game ever gave to me.From my experience I can tell you that there are two ways how people play this game:Either, just enjoy the extremely beautiful environment and find your path: Lifeskills (jobs) like fishing, hunting, crafting, sailing,.... level your character, progress, PvE, PvP - whatever you wantOr give BDO your hearth and get addicted to it like no drug could ever addict you.But before you buy it, make sure to go in this game with an open mind and some pre-information from Beginner Tutorials. (Very important if you dont want to quit the game right after 10minutes because too much confusing stuff as the game is very complex)If you're interested, pm me and i'll send you some I find very helpful for the start.Conclusion: Even though it has some controversial points (Grind, In-Game Shop,..) this is probably the game with the highest potential as being the perfect MMORPG in my opinion.Thanks for reading. :)"
,Not Recommended,582660,35458357,Posted: 3 October,all,TheRedPanda_42#,"Okay there is no time for being formal this time around.This is awful...First things first, you need to know about XignCode 3 before you buy this game. If you dont know what that is, it's basically a Anti-Cheat program that gets installed on your PC along with the game, BUT! its made from a third-party company, and it dosen't ask permission to install this program on your PC!...NOPE! it just says♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you and then proceeds to♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you over and mess with your computers files and even moniters what files you have accesed the last 48 hours. It's basically Spyware.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g Garbage.The game itself is incredibly laggy and i have a pretty beafy PC but it still runs like S h i t.But this ""Reveiw"" isn't about the game, it's about the the stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥faced-s h i t eating-c u n t bags that made XignCode 3.All in All the Anti-Cheat sytem is horrible and, not only does it moniter what file you accses but it also sends that information to the guys that developed XignCode 3. So if you like privacy. Stay the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥away from this crap.EDIT: Sorry this ""Reveiw"" was all over the place but im just really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of, maybe you can tell. I'll write a good reveiw next time i promise.Oh and one last thing is after you have uninstalled the game, the Anti-Cheat sticks around becasue you have to uninstall it manually through windows registry.The way you can uninstall XignCode 3 on your PC is by writing down at the search bar next to the windows icon. What you wanna write is ""regedit"" and click on the icon. Then once it's opened up move your mouse over the ""Edit"" tab and click on the ""Find"" button the serach for ""xhunter1.sys"" once it's found the folder just delete it and reboot your PC and it should be gone. You are welcome ;)Oh and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this game!!! and it's stupid ""Anti-Cheat"" B U L L S H I T!!!"
76561197960456060,Not Recommended,582660,35474028,Posted: 4 October,all,Obeahmon,"Tldr: Microcosm of the macrocosm in pretty much every way. Designed to incenerate your effort, and maintained by staff who are powerless to fix anything. You will likely end up finding a small niche somewhere in the game where you can squeeze out a tiny bit of fun in a world designed to prevent enjoyment.The good:I really enjoyed striker combat. This is perhaps the one thing that keeps me coming back to this game.AFK mechanics are worth experiencing. It is refreshing to be able to maximize the use of my time. I do not think it would be needed if some of the mechanics were not so ridiculously weighted toward consuming time (see horse breeding).Lifeskills (crafting, etc) are pretty awesome and the complexity is deep enough to spend lots of time on. The economy will not let you make any profit but you can certainly save alot.Events, this game has the best and most frequent events I have come across. Though they probably would not have to do so much to please their community if their game did not so heavily defecate on it.Graphics and sound. Worth it, but only until you can see through the illusion.The bad:Exp decay on death. Really? Yup, beyond lvl 50 (i didnt notice it till 56) somewhere in the levels exp decay becomes a thing when you die, also gear enhancements usually break too. They arent cheap.Broken world. Almost every time I have died on any toon it is because i get hung up on the environment or fall through the world. Combined with exp decay this is pretty awful. Boats get stuck in the harbor, wagons hang up on bushes and fences, etc... This is perhaps the most unrefined aspect of the game imo.Horses are interesting but suffer unfortunate design. Being able to breed a mount with better speed is important and somewhat fun in concept. Each tier horse has better skills available than the last tier, though how many your horse learns and how often is RNG. It requires riding that horse for about 20-60 hours of earth time to level the horse for better breeding percentages. You will need to level two to breed them and the breeding is RNG such that the horse has about a 20% chance to stay the same tier or fall down one tier. The only upside to all this is that you can auto path your horses while AFK to level them, provided you can stay connected (typically a problem on weekends)No fast travel, huge world.Highly regulated economy. No player trading and all prices in the marketplace are set by the game world. Price fluctuations are not player based. You typically cannot buy, craft, and sell to any gain other than levelling crafting.Money cannot be accessed unless you are in the town you have it stored in. This means every time you are not currently carrying the money you need, you will have to go get it from across the world or wait for it to be shipped between cities (takes awhile)Inventory weight includes money so you can not just carry all your cash around. Having enough money to actually buy things you need means you have to carry less items. Money cannot be stored on a wagon, boat, or horse unless you convert it to gold bars which are still pretty heavy. While grinding it is typical to hit the  weight limit with low-value items that you have to either micro-manage or run to town to sell off.Levelling beyond 55 is only practical through grinding out levels, and is amazingly bad past lvl 56. 200 monsters for 1% xp? That sounds about right, and it will only get worse with each level. No level cap but it will take you literally days for each level perhaps weeks beyond 60, provided you do not die and have your xp decay. In order to grind faster you need to get better gear via failstacking.Failstacking is covered elsewhere pretty well at this point. I can only add that this concept seems to stem from a lack of gear diversity. There appears to be about 10 or so pieces of gear for each slot total. Every once in awhile gear gets added in small amounts. Is this a subtle nudge toward the player learning to embrace failure and overcome adversity? I could not care less, I came for entertainment not life coaching from a horrible demon that mocks me lmao.Some or all of this above combines to create perhaps the most toxic player base I have found in dozens of mmo's. It makes sense, i figure most of the players are aggro from getting constantly violated by the rng or broken game design. Players kill eachother over tree resources when there is a whole forest around them. Grinding spots required to level are usually overpopulated by people with better gear willing to kill other players so they can get their 0.01% xp from the three mobs they would have stolen.I find myself wondering if I left anything out. It probably doesnt matter because you will inevitably find something else that you hate about bdo specific to your own existence. The question is whether or not you can find enough things you enjoy in order to convince yourself that it is still worth playing."
76561198218363032,Recommended,582660,31987145,Posted: 26 May,all,Rabblerouser,Game is amazing most immersive game i have played in a long long time
,Recommended,582660,32177588,Posted: 4 June,all,Tressort∕ <3,"[+] Open World PvP / PK.[+] Great Features.[+] Great Graphics.[+] No Loading Screens.[+] No noticables intances.[+] NOT pay2win ( Don't argue with me P2W = Pay TO win , do you see boss gear in Cash Shop ? NO. it's not P2W.[+] Dynamic & awesome combat System ![+] Guild , Red Battlefield , Arenas & PvP content are really good , there also Node Wars & Conquests ! You build a fort with your guild places defences barricades , flametowers ,hwachas traps & such it's really enjoyable can be in small / medium / large scale ![+] Alot of classes to play Ranged / Close Combat ![+] DPS / TANKS / SUPPORT classes ( Yes Witch / Wizzard are support yes , protective area is a support spell! )[+] Really nice ""jobs"" to do Gathering / Cooking / Crafting / Alchemy / Harvesting Breeding & such.[+] Decent economy you can make great money by grinding or just by doing ""jobs"", because alot of people say it's grind to win , indeed it is but you can do jobs to win aswell.[+] Worlds Bosses there is a total of 8 World Bosses ![+] Roleplay possibilities.[+] Alot of new classes comming.[+] Alive world , NPCS are everywhere and doing stuff! Some mmorpgs like FFXIV doesn't have that much NPC interacting[+] Support is doing his job , just be patient sometimes they have alot of tickets to answer , but usually if your problem is common or ""legit"" you'll always find a solution!Now the CONS[-] Lacking of PvE content ( We really miss Dungeons / Raids / And stuff. )[-] Balancement of classes depending on the situation and the gear.[-] REALLY long grinding to get good levels ( I'm currently level 60 it's pretty easy when you're used to. )[-] Expensive Cash Shop , but most of it are convenience[-] At that state of the game it's really hard to get into PvP if you're a begginer i mean doing Node War or a Territory might not be that easy.[-] Game is time consuming yeah this game take alot of your time , but if you enjoy it it's fine.[-] Community is like every orthers MMORPG'S there nice people and bad people. ( I'm nice ;) )[-] Really hard to take in hands require alot of time and patience once you're on it you'll enjoy alot of it![-] Karma System need a Revamp , if you kill like 4 People in a row you can go negative Karma which cause if you die off monster ExP loss,Gear downgrade.[-] For certains situations ""AFK"" crafting you have to let your computer on , same for your workers they will stop working.[-] RNG , it's a major problem on that game but once you get used to it , it's fine & fair ( not for all but for me it is ) Not gonna go into details just a Google Research.[-] Griefing can be really annoying.[-] Optimization could be alot better , we have alot of FPS drops when it come to Large Scale PvP with 100+ players ( even less ) and World Bosses in general.[-] Lack of interaction from GM -> Players / Event / Discussions etc.. (Though there nice GM Vheena if you see this i love you ? )[-] Pop-in might be a huge problem for you , for some it doesn't matter but in that game there are alot."
76561197966014543,Recommended,582660,32244700,Posted: 7 June,all,Fresh',"What a refreshing game for the genre.I've been an avid MMO player since 2007 with Tabula Rasa, since then I've amounted 5000+ Hours on Aion and 3000 hrs on TERA, and plenty on SWTOR with a bit of my WoW legacy acc in between.I've struggled to find an mmo that has truly got my attention since Aion in 2009.This game really took my by surprise, the graphics are beautiful and very well optimized (which is unusual for an MMO), the combat dare I say it is even more engrossing than TERA - It really does make you feel more involved and not just tabbing mobs.The questing so far is good.It can be a bit overwhelming at first, there is lots of mechanics that make the games community tick over, a bit like Archage, and I'm still getting to grips with it (9 hours on record). These involve Nodes (like waypoints?), fishing, ship building/selling. There is also no fast travel to anywhere, however you do get auto run which is great (you can use this for quests too!).It's probably a bit more of an online RPG I guess, hence the huge and rampant RP community on this game. The servers are busy and It's cheap to buy.The store is pricey but there's no P2W items which is good.I'll post an updated review once I've got to max level..."
76561198269951273,Recommended,582660,33274206,Posted: 5 July,all,Dragonborn Ninja (#Riverwood),Best Marketplace Simulator in 2017!
,Recommended,582660,32032936,Posted: 28 May,all,niBBa,Longest time I've spent on character creation in a game.
76561198140187354,Recommended,582660,31987964,Posted: 26 May,all,Leo,It is an amazing game to be sure but so everyone knows don't buy this on steam if you have an account from before wether it was a free trail or not. you can't play it at all without making a brand new account.
,Recommended,582660,31991597,Posted: 27 May,all,CheeseBurger Walrus,"I really like the long list of quests, multiple skills, and donks."
76561197994827301,Recommended,582660,32004980,Posted: 27 May,all,Apterous,"Havent seen this sandboxy mmo in a long time. It will show you good time if you like exploring, trading, crafting or just leveling up. Tons of things to do."
,Recommended,582660,32092098,Posted: 31 May,all,.raion,"Best MMO I've ever played. Am not really doing quests, just exploring the world and so on and I already have 41 hours. It's definitely worth it!"
76561198056468788,Recommended,582660,32123640,Posted: 2 June,all,TheFramPlay,"Best MMORPG hands down! It's a really great price for this MMO with no subscription!Anyways, have a great day!{First Edit 6/5/2017}I'm getting so damn addicted to this game, it's really great! The combat is fun, questing is a little meh, but the combat is what makes the game great so far for me. I haven't really gotten into all of the life skills or any ways to make profit yet. But I really do recommend this game! :D"
,Recommended,582660,31951178,Posted: 25 May,all,phenomenal_1,"Great game, but trouble logging in at start.But I would like to say, the graphics are good, and this is my 1st time Playing MMO-RPG!"
,Recommended,582660,31968463,Posted: 26 May,all,Butterlord,"This was so much more than I expected for the price I bought it at. I thought for sure there would be crap ton of microtransactions and whatnot since the entry price was so low and there was no subscription fee but nope, complete freedom. The game itself has a lot going for it, the character creation impressed me from the get go and the combat is something that is easy to learn and hard to master. Overall I think this is a game to try even if you're a little iffy just because there is so much content for such a little price tag."
,Not Recommended,582660,34465542,Posted: 24 August,all,Mr.Meeseeks,I dont like it
,Recommended,582660,35305234,Posted: 29 September,all,NAPK1NS ( ︶︿︶),"1,000 hours of fishing. 10/10 Bass Pro Simulator~"
,Not Recommended,582660,35234900,Posted: 26 September,all,rfzm ↑,"Full review:https://nopaste.xyz/?085a8b5733ff45bc#0lgLYHpRv2jG9axraAdf17MVBJhZ7VYeVxQt9xDBy60=I wrote a good, long in-depth review, but the steam review system is absolutely useless and I couldn't post it here because it was too long.I'll post a link to my full review, and just post the TL;DR hereTL;DRPROS:+Great looking graphics & aesthetics+Very enjoyable combat gameplay+Lots of ways to spend your money (I haven't even mentioned stuff like investment banks)+Player housing+Free movement (climbing, crouching, proning)+Nights are actually dark, unlike most games these days. You need a lantern to see stuff.+Enjoyable exploring, nice and large open-world map+Great looking weather effects (massive lightning storms that show up at times)+Most things are shared throughout your account+No ♥♥♥♥ing tab-targeting, finally.+Overall attention to detail+/- Grinding+/- Can't really say anything about PVP and it's balance since I've not done enough PVPCONS:-Absolutely deranged ((((microtransaction)))) -scheme and the most PTW title I've ever witnessed-The ♥♥♥♥ing texture pop-in-RNG, gtfo-The constant de-syncing/crashing/disconnecting/delay-No direct trading-Marketplace is cancerous-Achievements on Steam don't work at all (I personally don't care at all, but a few do)-Tradeskills should be account wide. Slow af to increase.-Lack of story-Initially very confusing with poor explanation-The fact that you have to buy outfits in order to change the appearance of your character-The extremely limited inventory space and storage space in cities-The afking aspect, just pointless way of allowing botting, basically-The horrendously limited carryweight-No good looking horse armour available via ingame sources, only from the ((((pearl shop))))-The mp being basically broken-The ♥♥♥♥ing flute playing NPCs in Heidel and Velia. I wan't to kill them, irl.https://nopaste.xyz/?085a8b5733ff45bc#0lgLYHpRv2jG9axraAdf17MVBJhZ7VYeVxQt9xDBy60="
,Recommended,582660,32212148,Posted: 5 June,all,Lazylex,"Do you like grinding?Do you like a large open world with no fast travel?Do you like gender-locked classes?Do you like grinding?Do you like fishing, worker management, cooking or other crafting/gathering professions?Do you like RNG?Do you like good graphics?Do you like graphical pop-in where objects suddenly appear while you're running?Do you like grinding?Do you like performing combos over traditional hotbar combat?Do you like more PVP than PVE?Do you like regulated marketplace/auction houses?Do you like not being able to trade directly with other players?Do you like having to manage your inventory and weight?Do you like grinding?Do you like cosplaying as a giant fish or shark?Do you like having pets that can loot for you?Do you like having to pay extra money for those pets that can loot for you?Do you like being able to tame and train horses?Do you like owning multiple houses?Do you like grinding?If you answered YES to 4 or more items above, the game is worth the low price of admission."
,Recommended,582660,32122308,Posted: 1 June,all,Lolipanda,Waifu simulator
,Recommended,582660,35412532,Posted: 2 October,all,akp [JP],"This game is a ton of fun and you can easily spend tons of hours in it, but be ready to grind a lot to make even small improvements to your gear. Some people are lucky and then theres people like me who get absolutely f****d by RNG. Its fun to play with others but if you dont like grinding, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,582660,35467272,Posted: 4 October,all,Multihack,"Good game but it does suffer from one big flaw: Trading.The trading in the game is hindered to prevent gold farmers from making money - there's no private trade, and every auctioned item is sold at a 35% loss.You can't mail items either. And if that wasn't bad enough every item is locked in a price bracket, and you may never, ever, ever get more money for an item than the price bracket!This is an elaborate alternative to ""everything is souldbound"" games, but essentially it's even worse because it would take players a while to figure our that when trading is concerned this is a single player game.If you don't consdier the above a flaw you'll enjoy yourself."
,Recommended,582660,31993991,Posted: 27 May,all,Council House,Probably one of the best MMORPG's out there for the price.PROS:-Not P2W-Beautiful graphics-Fun gameplay-Market system-Quests-Best character creation out there period-Cheap-Grinding is fun-No subscriptionCONS:-Not meant for low spec systems-Cosmetics are expensiveOverall:It's a great MMORPG but can be orverwhelming in the beginning>
76561198095195464,Recommended,582660,33000433,Posted: 29 June,all,[F.A.P]Mclover.69,It's like Roblox but better.
,Recommended,582660,32017717,Posted: 28 May,all,pdazle,"Having played the game 100+ hours off steam, can fully recommend. Great MMO and the best combat I've seen in the genre :)"
,Recommended,582660,31950762,Posted: 25 May,all,UltimusNexus,Game is great only played for 7 hours the combat is fun and ITS 6 DOLLARS AT RELEASE?!
76561198097161212,Not Recommended,582660,32974463,Posted: 28 June,all,BloodStorm,"Comes with spyware aka there ""anti cheat""   wicth is a Rootkit  tecnicaly not legal in th US"
,Not Recommended,582660,32797554,Posted: 25 June,all,CodeBlink,"Typical MMO brain-dead game play. Pretty at first, nice combat, that's about it. UI bloat, click-run-complete rinse-repeat MMO recipie."
76561198100188228,Not Recommended,582660,34423944,Posted: 22 August,all,Lyrius,grind fest.  Stellar combat only goes so far.
,Recommended,582660,32016460,Posted: 28 May,all,Zaose,"I've been playing BDO for about two months.I like this mmo because it's something fresh, it has things going on that no other mmos really have. The open world is stunning. It's so full of life and activity, and there's always something to do or find. The creatures you find, and their habitats are varied and appropriate. It's a legit traditional fantasy world with some interesting takes on monsters, and new ones too. The world is hands down my favorite thing about this game. Exploring is truly rewarding, and you will always find something to get into.Exploring is made satisifying because of the node system. You unlock locations as you visit them, and they may offer you places to gather resources via workers you hire in the main towns. It's passive AFK production that you can take a few minutes a day to maintain. It's a lot of fun, and there is all sorts of stuff you can do/make. And most of it sells on the marketplace within minutes. Makes it fun when your goods are in demand like that.You can also capture wild horses, breed them and then train them. There is also sailing, hunting, fishing, legit trading in wagons! all sorts of crafting, endless quests (good in depth ones and quick light ones - and everything in between. Nothing earth shattering here though). All these systems are fairly in depth and rewarding.Combat levels your main level, and gets you access to new skills and abilites.Questing gains you contribution points, which allow you to unlock nodes, rent equipment, rent homes and shops, etc. and more. All the points are refundable and you are free to move them around at will. It's a flexible system that's a lot of fun to mess with.The AFK systems are just awesome in this game. You feel like you're still playing even when you're mowing the lawn. Some quick maintainance here and there and you can set up overnight and while at work. Your empire continues!CONS:HOLY HELL MY EYES!!!1When you first login... resist the urge to immediately uninstall. Seriously, wtf are the devs thinking with having all this stuff enabled?! Endless mostly end game content and info will be flashed, shouted and streamed at you  when you first login with your new character. It's true madness.But again, resist! Take a simple moment to hit esc and go into game settings. There, you can turn off all the game notifications. And also in the esc menu is an EDIT UI button. Don't like the UI? Make it how you want.Once you get it dialed in. It's not bad at all.Another con, is POP IN. It's pretty noticable at times, especially around the big cities. If you're huffin it on foot then it's not so noticable. Running on a fast horse? You'll pass tons of npcs and people before they can even load sometimes. It's ok though, you'll get used to it and it's really only  noticable on horses.PVP is interesting and challenging. Gear is very strong in this game, as is level. However, lot of the PVP battles are a kind of guild vs guild or army vs army, etc. So even if you are not as strong as some, you can still contribute in these situations. Also there are non-combat things that can be done in the battles as well.Finally, the final downside. The upgrade system is, in the local vernacular, cancer. Straight up! It's madness. You'll hate it. There are even achievements that pretty  much state how you will feel. They seem funny at first. Until you earn one.There are ways around it, but...it still sucks.Anyway, I highly recommend this game to all mmo fans, and people who like open worlds like skyrim, gothic, etc. Give it a chance, put some thought into learning the systems, and you'll be rewarded with a gem of a game!"
,Not Recommended,582660,35337400,Posted: 30 September,all,Draxkang,"Such amazing potential wasted on this game. The scenery, the complexity, the fluidity of the combat are better than any MMO I've ever played. Sadly, it is ruined by both the insanely counter-intuitive and annoying crafting system, the lack of grinding spots, limited PvE options and most importantly, how the developers are slowly introducing more and more P2W features.I can't say that I had regretted the purchase. I had some fun with earlier versions, I enjoyed exploring and questing until I reached endgame, but in its current state I would NOT buy it.If you want to get most out of it, you'll have to pay a full AAA title price in microtransactions, and still trail behind the curve."
76561198393269261,Not Recommended,582660,35096300,Posted: 20 September,all,kateuptonishot77,if you like grinding you will enjoy this so the gameplay is smooth but i mean damn the grind is real i will tell what everymission is it's kill so many of these enemies then kill them again and again then fight a boss and thats 50 to 90 hours depending on skill/if you goof off i spent alot of time trying to craft it's a waste til you get your skills high enough which is another grind.Next fun part RNG it's awesome right well if you agree then you will love this game so lets go back to the missions so they make kill the enemies and they will be like kill them til they drop this but you don't see it you just get it randomly and as you  get later it can take like 20 to 45 mins to do a missionthen gathering so lets say you need a flower x just to use as a example well flower x is RNG so you could gather for  10 mins getting 10 flower x   or 10 hours or if you are really lucky like 2 to 5 mins i mean certain things drop more as your skill gets higher which will require you to grind yes awesome right. here is some  more RNG for what you ask to upgrade your weapons silly rabbit so how hard you might ask well at first it's fine they let you upgrade to five no problem then when you use a stone if RNG doesn't like you    well your weapon  loses 10 overall durability so you fix this by buying the same weapon and using it to recover the durability it recovers ten so for every fail you got to buy the weaponso to clear things up you  fail 3 times you buy same weapon three times to fix it.So microtransactions are in the game but i haven't felt the need to buy them yet but i have heard end game they pressure you hard cause of boss weapons have certain way to upgrade them and you can  buy the stone with real money and it's extremely hard to get in game but it is possible but i don't know much about since this game kills a part of me every time i play it i don't think i will make it that far so take what say about it very lightly some else should know moreso people are split about not being able to fast travel there is a map that will let you go to a city but i've only found one in my  89 hours as of right now i mean you can put your character on auto pilot and  they will run it /ride the horse all the way there but gets annoying when you want to hurry up and do the next thing or it's far away  and that happens more and more late game cause you will want to go back to whatever city you store your stuff yes each city/town has it's own storage so if put something in city A you can't get it in city B but it's not horrible it helps with your inventory space which is limited early  i personally think being able to fast travel would be great almost every mmo has it and it makes farming a lot easier and i mean thats 70 percent of this game and  the other 30 is RNGyou also have a weight limit which is awful to increase it you pay real life money or buy something from the trade manager and make your character run a loop with it on so while you character does that watch some tv or somehting cause  there is nothing for you do but watch this game this is  afk farming you can also afk farm other stuff like fishing but i mean who cares by now either your trying the game or  you are like i don't want to play this nowIHATE THIS GAME SO MUCH so i hope this helps
,Recommended,582660,31967693,Posted: 26 May,all,๓๏гչк๏г,And there goes my productivity for this summer.....♥♥♥♥ it
,Not Recommended,582660,35384895,Posted: 1 October,all,PlagueofDogs,"Great graphics, but there is very little action or strategy involved.  The majority of the gameplay is grinding, it's like having a virtual job.  The only good thing is that I bought it on sale.  I usually don't leave negative reviews because different gamers have different taste, but I'm making an exception because this thing lacks substance."
,Not Recommended,582660,34281601,Posted: 16 August,all,Chaos Energy,"ProGood combatDeep economy systemGood class designA lot of updatesConsCash shop, at the moment is not pay 2 win but is in a slippery slope, the game right now looks like a mobile game,The game is fun, but i can not recommend this game until they offer the ability to buy the cash shop items with in game currency, at the moment some content is blocked even if you pay for the game"
76561198117363996,Recommended,582660,31990047,Posted: 26 May,all,jenjithesnail,"I've been playing BDO on a non-steam account for just over a year now and I would seriously recommend trying it out. :)The combat is very fluid and there are multiple classes to accomodate your style - try them all out!What I love the most about BDO is how in-depth you can get with the life skills. There are so many different ways of progressing in this game and making silver without the need for grinding.It's nice how the game gives you freedom to choose how you want to play pretty much straight away! You're not forced to do certain quests to progress throughout the game and you can really just immerse yourself in the BDO world.The graphics are really lovely and it's fun just running around, trying to grab a sunset or finding a nice spot to take screenshots. This game can be very relaxing if you're not in a rush to get the best gear or be the highest level player and I really appreciate that. :)If you're unsure whether you would like to purchase the game or not, you could always pick up a free 7-day trial account from their main site. I would also recommend reviewing some of the guides herehttps://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/5w0tca/newreturning_player_guides/"
76561197970853534,Not Recommended,582660,34342543,Posted: 18 August,all,apoktaino,Do you like to grind? if your answer is yes then this might be for you. for 10 bucks it'll kill a weekend. but  I can't recomend it otherwise
,Not Recommended,582660,33867349,Posted: 28 July,all,cwarner030,"Honestly, there's parts of this game I love and others I hate.This game has pretty good graphics for an MMO, which might be its greatest quality IMO. The combat style is different than other similar games I've played, which can be a little confusing until you learn some combos you like or find the right class for you. I didn't get into the story much, but there's plenty of tasks and quests to keep you busy.Now, what I hate about the game.First of all, this game is not new user friendly and has some complex features that you won't understand without proper guidance. My suggestion is just to guild up quick and learn from the vets.This game has a price tag of $10, but really, if you want to get anywhere in the game, you're gonna have to spend more than that. I don't want to rehash to much of what other reviews have written, but there is a sort of 'buff' called the 'Value Pack' you can buy for about $15 a month. Essentially, it turns the game from a pain in the butt to playable. If you get into this game, you'll probably end up picking it up.The amount of money you can drop into this game's alarming. One outfit for your character will cost you about $22-$34. Just for cosmetics. Clothes. Everything from the 'Pearl Shop' is frighteningly expensive, from pets that pick up loot for you to inventory expansion items.So it's a cash grab, what game these days isn't? I can deal with micro transactions, but there's certain things about his game that ultimately made me not recommend. The game heavily rewards AFK gameplay, in fact, it almost plays itself. There's tons of tasks where you wind your character up and just watch them go for a couple hours, or overnight, or several days. I also feel like the economy in the game's a little funky as well. I play solo so I can't speak to guild life, but it took me forever to get cash together, and in the end, it just came down to hours of mindless mob grinding to keep my head above the surface.The weapon and armor upgrade system's infuriating as well. To get a decent weapon, you're in for some frustration unless you just buy one from the Market Place, and that's only if you have the silver for it.The final gripe that made me not recommend this game is that connecting to a server alone can be a pain. I played for over a month, and then suddenly, I couldn't join any games no matter which server I tried, even though I was playing the day before. Currently, I'm still waiting for the issue to be resolved. This seems to be a recurring problem with many people and the company's response time on the matter leaves something to be desired.All in all, with what I've invested, I'll continue to play (as soon as I'm able). It's not a bad game, and I do enjoy it, but I'm certain there're better MMORPG's out there and I wish I'd shopped around before falling for the cheap price tag."
,Recommended,582660,31947205,Posted: 25 May,all,KrigarNooben,"So far I have only been in the game 1.7 hours; and I am immensly IMPRESSED by the fluid gameplay my ""hunter"" has.This feels and looks like a 2017 MMO should do,Got gored with WoW ages ago but didnt manage to quit that until 2013...This game feels so far like what what Vanilla WoW used to feel like; and to me thats a great thing.Ther is a skill tree, an inventory and a bow and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of murlocs...sorry Imps...to NUKE.Me HAPPY =)"
,Recommended,582660,31942914,Posted: 24 May,all,D.Cent,"Have about 3K hours playing this game, very grindy, but one of the best feeling gameplay in an MMO"
,Recommended,582660,31978314,Posted: 26 May,all,Saint Of Killers,"I hate MMO's with a passion but this game sparked my elemantry school days where i would rush home to play runescape everything about this game is fresh out the oven it is a sign of relief for MMOs who just copy and paste each other and say they are ""innovating"" a idea"
,Recommended,582660,31987636,Posted: 26 May,all,"Wong, Tokyo Rifle Specialist",Great game best mmo experience ive had yet. Combats amazing story is amazing but the ui is let down.
,Recommended,582660,31944368,Posted: 24 May,all,Glayce,One of the few Good MMO's at this current time.
76561197975407434,Not Recommended,582660,35167788,Posted: 23 September,all,Rasman,"I've only spent about two or three days with this game but I'm already kind of regretting buying it.It's has a great combat system and the graphics are stunning - however - it feels REALLY REALLY complex, once you create a character you are bombarded with windows, pop-ups and notifications. Nothing feels natural and the learning curve is STEEP.I'm ok with complex systems in game but I need time to process one before being hit with another. Crafting is very complicated in this game as well (and in my opinion not all that fun) - you have to hire workers to do a majority of the tasks and buy a house and furnish the house so your workers can sleep - you can gather as well but only on certain nodes and ACK the whole thing just feels like a clusterf@ck.  In the end most people just tell you to buy stuff off the Auction House because its easier and I'm starting to think they're right.OH and apparently the Auction House is not simple either - as players who spend real money on cosmetic crap from the game shop have a better chance at winning AH items. How stupid is that?The quests themselves are your standard mess of Asian-influenced nonesense (poorly written, conviluted and very generic). Overall I'd say the game is NOT worth playing unless you love grinding, spending money and TONS of micromanagement."
,Recommended,582660,31967763,Posted: 26 May,all,Jahaerys,So I bought this game yesterday and played 11 hours straight!Forgot to do my homework...11/10 would forget my homework again
,Recommended,582660,31980360,Posted: 26 May,all,a c i d,So much content! Amazing game
76561198078838685,Not Recommended,582660,34416201,Posted: 22 August,all,Akerno,"It had some potential, but instead of completing some of the parts that felt incomplete they focused on bringing exciting new ways to milk the customer. No but seriously, did some research and the average end game player has spent over $400 on this game, some people went all the way to $9000. Don't believe me? google it. Oh and the whole ""its not a p2w but pay4convenience"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is just an illusion. You will grind 10 times harder and get tired 10 times quicker to the dude next door who spends $100 every month.So you either quit or live long enough to see yourself become a slave to this vicious circle of a game."
,Not Recommended,582660,32974433,Posted: 28 June,all,Eiagra,"I'm obviously not the intended audience for this game.  And that's fine, but it still didn't much impress me.Starting out, the first thing I learned was that for a character designing engine that lets you screw up how a character looks so badly (see the many comedic YouTube videos that play with it) and claims to let you ""Make the character YOU want to play,"" (direct quote from store page), I sure couldn't make a character look how I wanted.Admittedly, I was trying to turn a giant into an orc, but I couldn't even get close. Big points off for that one. I eventually gave up on that and just settled for ""vaugely neanderthal looking"" before jumping into the game.Next impressions did not really go to well.  I was treated to a movie with sub-par narration and a story that, well... I mean, I'm sure there was a story somewhere if I played long enough, but I see much and didn't feel too encouraged to dig for it.  Something about a stone and everything disappearing/dying?Then, suddenly, some smoky shadowy thing with red eyes and a creepy voice teaches me how to walk?  I think it's supposed to be your Standard Anime Sidekick, and it felt like it was trying to be cute and creepy at the same time. It didn't quite work. It did succeed in one thing your Standard Anime Sidekick does in these games though: it annoyed me. I'd rather the blasted thing shut up and left me alone.Meanwhile, I am visually overwhelmed by announcements in the middle of the screen, bars and data all along the edges, and no real clue what any of it means.  Nor is any of it explained to me during what I presume is supposed to be a tutorial.Unfortunately, that tutorial largely consists of ""Walk here. Walk there. Kill this group of things.  Now kill this slightly tougher group of things.  Then do it again.""  Some video in the corner tried teaching me a combo at one point, but there was no real context for it, and it kept reappearing as though it was important.  I'm sure it would have been, eventually, if I'd kept at it.To be fair, the combat did feel like it may have had some pretty neat potential, once I worked out comboing.  It seemed to utilize balancing resource management and skill execution.  I only really started to get the hang of it before I lost interest, but I will note it as one of the more positive experiences of my first-impressions phase.Meanwhile, I'm hoping for some scrap of story, something that hints as to what I'm doing there, how I got there, what the creepy shadowy thingy is... I got as far as getting the shadowy thingy some teeth.  At that point, I just kinda gave up.  The voice acting not matching the words was rather jarring (I wonder if there was a way to switch audio language that may have remedied that?), but then I'm coming from Elder Scrolls Online where everything is fully voice acted.I started to get the feel that the actual text and content of the story (or ""story"") was intended to just skip past like the quest systems of many MMOs, and that ended up turning me off.  The overall first impression, my 3+ hours of the game, left me feeling like there wouldn't be much to do except follow the ""kill these things"" quests.I got a vague idea there may have been crafting or something, based on randomly picking up rubbish from bushes and critters, and being unable to skin animals because I didn't have a knife, but I was not introduced to it during my first-impression phase.Those first impressions are important to a new player, to inform them if it's worth the investment of time and energy -- largely time.  The biggest turn-off was the fact that, on the days I logged in, I stumbled across some sort of current events listing.  One of the current events ongoing was an XP boost to celebrate grinding.  Yes: GRINDING.  CELEBRATE.That pretty much did me in there.  I assessed the value of my time versus what I felt would be the entertainment value based on my first impressions, and the math did not favor this game.Today, the game tried to update.  Steam choked on some kind of error.  It actually did this during the initial install too, as if trying to warn me away.  Well, hint taken.  I uninstalled it.  I also made sure to remove their xigncode3, as it seemed to have a questionable reputation.  The dev was kind enough to include instructions on how to do so... but not kind enough to actually remove it when you uninstall the game.Again, I am obviously not the intended audience for this game.  But based on my experiences above, I wouldn't have expected to have a good time.  Using Bartle's Taxonomy, my priorities are: Explorer, Socializer, Achiever, Killer.  If you follow a similar set, you may have a similar experience.Also, seriously, what kind of game doesn't let you be an orc?  Tsk tsk."
,Not Recommended,582660,32188229,Posted: 4 June,all,Kantey,"Was going to leave a funny comment about this game then noticed the comments about Xingcode.  The more I looked into it the more upset I became.  Having to use regedit to remove malicious software, which is installed with a game through steam, is unacceptable."
76561197963085043,Not Recommended,582660,33585961,Posted: 16 July,all,Perdy Perdy,"At this stage I've played this long enough to be able to honestly write a few points.This game is very big on RNG, for instance you will work your♥♥♥♥♥off for a chest during an event where it takes you a few hours to gather the required stuff for the chest, the chest has a possibility of containing really good items but also really bad items, like items not worth the time investment taken for a chance to at least get something good and game changing, people talk about Luck and understanding how to do certain aspects of the game but its just a big mish mash of bull crap, There are easy ways to do things in the game ""if you pay money"" and you can catch up to players who have played 6 - 12 months longer than you. There are also items you can not live without in the game as you soon find out without investing money into making it at least playable.I dont like the fact that Xencode3 is uses and while people have mixed feelings on what hte app does and doesnt do, I still think its wrong to have an intrusive piece of software other than the base game installed on your PC, but you cant play the game without it. I'm all for getting botters and cheaters caught and dealt with but this is not the way and I would think they should invest a bit of time/effort into changing this feature as I've seen a lot of displeased comments about it already.The game can be played at the pc and afk doing various things to further your character/s but it gets to a point were its a very long grind regardless,The Market in the game is completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ IMO, its like a circlejerk between people who place betts and again RNG decides who wins from the bids, and even if you do win sometimes it doesn't let you buy the item from a successful bid cause its buggy as a jackass.This is my review till now and took prolly more effort than its worth it type out, I've got a lot more I can add but these are a few things which newer players wont find out till they've played a while and gotten sucked into the seemingly pay to win schemes."
,Recommended,582660,31943849,Posted: 24 May,all,『LightArrowsEXE』,This snakeoil community tricked me! They told me the Manos Ruby Necklace was the #1 accessory. I've been had!
76561198018504329,Recommended,582660,35332653,Posted: 30 September,all,The Black Albatross,Pick a female classCreate your own waifuBecome an expert at playing games one handed10/10
76561197999183872,Not Recommended,582660,34576734,Posted: 29 August,all,Siice71,"I write this review to let the staff know that I am not very happy with getting lost connection for some reason  and  what is happening with your  Servers  Plus for some reason I have lost a skilled worker that I had the schoolwork I had was a skilled farmer what happened to my  skilled worker,  also I have just purchased some kakao cash but my  character has not received that  why"
,Recommended,582660,32031774,Posted: 28 May,all,сука,"Such an amazing game with amazing graphics that it feels like god has just hailed from heaven or such.Immense detail in the character creation, really pretty design or the overall aesthetic and the UI is pretty easy to follow as well.9/10 Recommended and not to mention it's on sale! HDIASFUIHDNTETWTPWPTETW.Spent 1 hour on a character alone (heh), never got bored of character creation either.No regrets on spending £4.19 on this."
,Not Recommended,582660,33337043,Posted: 7 July,all,Fab2cent,Just not worth the time and effort in all honesty
,Recommended,582660,34211067,Posted: 13 August,all,MakaBones,"First of all, I want to warn that this one is really long, and I'm sorry for that. Also, i've spent 500+ hours on my non-steam account.I love this game, but I would not recommend it to every gamer. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who really enjoys most mainstream MMO experiences, or people who want to progress/reach endgame gear & content really fast.However, If you want a more in-depth game, with a sweet, fun, and kickass combat system, and you don't mind a grind, and  you ca somewhat play it afk, or while doing chores/homework then this game is for you.Cons:-Heavy grind *feel* in some aspects; it only feels like it, because there aren't traditional dungeons/raids, at least that i've seen yet. But the grind is the same as any other MMO-The game lacks clear instruction in many activities. It is also so immersive, and has so much depth, that it gives it a sharp initial learning curve. It can feel very overwhelming.> I had to spend hours reading up on how some things worked in-game, and I still find myself doing that at times. If theinformation hadn't been posted online already, i might have found myself too frustrated to keep playing for a while.-Cash shop seems expensive-it almost feels necessary to buy pets/weight cap increasePros/counter argument to cons:-The combat system is exquisite. It's my favorite so far.-awesome/detailed charcter customizaton-Siege/guild wars have options & weapons that aren't gear dependant, so even low geared people can participate-no lvl cap on armor/weps-no known lvl/skll/lifeskill progression cap. Though there is a softcap- You can literlly play this game AFK, and make millions in the fist few weeks.> If you're worried about he power consumption of your PC, there's actually a lowpower setting that leaves the game running in the background, only usingminimal PC resources...>You can play AFK while watching movies, or doing homework.-the world/map is HUGE-no load times-such graphics, very wow... no really, everything is so beautiful, and the weather is so intense and feels real-interesting misc stories all over the world-very detailed/in-depth- Trading/fishing/ sending workers to nodes all give a lot of profit- The life-skills in this game are exquisite.- F-king sail-boats and naval/siege warfare-Did I mention you can do a lot afk?Addtional notes:- There IS endgame content. There are world bosses, and awakened boss summons, and soon there will be a global-scale raid added to the game.- Despite the RNG involved in the game, you can buy your gear enchanted from the market- You can retrieve a lot of the items used to enchant something, if you want to use iton something else. Alternatively, you can sell the item, and use the money to buysomething else.- you can find about everything you *need* in-game, plus the game gives a lot of freebies- You need to explore, and grow in more than just ""level/skill"" to fully experience thisgame, or take avantage of everything in it. There is a lot that you will miss out on, ifyou only lvl up combat, and skill. Otherwise you might get salty, because it feelslackng. But it's just that you only explored the combat side of it.- You can keep using most physical skills while they're on cooldown. They just doless damage/ don't have stuns or additonal effects.- The additional stuff people feel the need to buy, is honestly optional. You wantinventory space/weight increase?>there are quests for that, as well as accumulated loyalty points you get for free,which you can use to increase your weight cap, and inventory space.> Use a wagon, to store things while grinding... it helps a lot> Most MMOs start with less inventory capacity.  Ppl just want to complain because there's an optio to buy it/get itinstantly..... Sorry to say this, but game-making is a business. They need money to make games/add content.- The game costs $10, and most games today cost $60-$100>4 pets + inventory space, and weight cap, might be about $60-70 altogether, soyou have the option to either ONLY pay $10, or pay as much as a regular game...> Yes there are things that cost more, which you can keep buying. However, if youenjoy the game, then why not further support it?> This game gave me about 150mil worth of  silver for free, within the first 1-2months.... They make it really easy or new players. REALLY easy. So peoplemight complain later because it no longer feels that easy.About the grind....> You can reach lvl 56+ in one, to two days.> This game's grind honestly isn't much worse than FFXIV's or other games.> This game hugely focuses on reward in exchange for effort/work. So for""epic+/endgame"" things, the grind/effort required will also be epic> They also went to great lengths to make this game in-depth, so that todiscover/unlock end-game options, you'll need to lvl up those life-skills,increase amnity with people, gain knowledge. Imagine a *realistic* world, andconsider what you would have to do in real life to accomplish a goal ofepic/legendary proportions.--- i thoroughly enjoy that because it gives me a greater sense of accoplishment/reward as far as a game goes.Many aspects of this game need to be seen as either an immersion into an actual new world, or an investment. You if you come with the expectation of being an over-night badass, just because you were able to in other games, then you'll likely be disappointed.This game is also very different than a lot of other mainstream mmos, and should not be approached with the expectatons of other mainstream mmos. If you were comparing it, or expecting anything similar to other mainstream MMO experiences, then you need to adjust your approach/expectations of this game.I like to think of this game as either a true fantasy adventure/world, or the better version of the sims, with combat."
,Not Recommended,582660,34610713,Posted: 30 August,all,Jericho_77,"Graphics popping effect which is caused by game engine streaming things over according to support ticket i send to the game Dev'sCombat Other than PvP is really boring and not challenging at all since its all about gear and AP mostlyNo Trading among Players kind of breaks the immersion of playing an Online Game its so limitingMarket Place Taxation on sales is so pointlessInventory Weight Limit most definetely needs reworking unless you spend on the cash shop or loyalty shop to expand on thatThe Items in this game are so poor in stats and bonuses in comparison to other RPG's around not to mention most important stats like accuracy and evasion are hidden from you so you dont know what you are dealing withMarket Place is so laggy you will hardly be able to buy some of the good things you need when they registerEven Though The Trading system is made in that way so gold sellers cant operate in this game that does not stop boosting services from advertising in game offering their services which kinds of makes the whole point of having no trading system a flukeMany Players Use Automated Bots even though XIGN code is supposed to stop these things from running just use google and you will see what is all about{There are a lot of bots around for BDO specially fishing}The Whole game is not centered on Skill and Player interaction is rather a game where everything is centered on Aquiring the appropriate gear to beat NPC's and PC's.....which is a major turn off for any Action MMORPG...Newer players stand no chance against over geared players making it kind of hard for new players to start in the game cause you practically are being chopped chopped from players that had invested into the game more time than you,,,Think of Black Desert Not as a Action MMO as its being advertise but rather than economic fest mmo...Whomever makes the most silver wins...not for casual players that cant invest the time needed to this game...Enchanting is totally based on luck...so good luck on enchanting your gear to an acceptable levelDowngrading on the other hand is not based on luck...If you fail a TRI weapon it goes from DUO to PRI in no time!!!!Making enchanting a money sink but most importantly a time sink to a point where you have to grind for days just to make some tries on your weapon or armor if they fail at first place..."
,Not Recommended,582660,34296212,Posted: 16 August,all,Dr Steinman,"Whelp, it was only a matter of time until straight up P2W features showed up. Was a fun 10 bucks spent. Can't say I'd recommend it unless your number 1 priority in an MMO is graphics."
,Not Recommended,582660,32822523,Posted: 26 June,all,🌱✨Dir ko maar ✨ 🌱,"I will keep this review short, so you can get most of the information you need.The negative:Server stability issues cousing lag all the time, the worst part is the lag is here to stayMarketplace bots since game release that are buying a huge chunk of items you will need to craft, enchant or improve your gameplay at all. Those are still there since game relase and there is no proof that anything has been done about them except Moderators saying they will be banned next month for the past year.When you use the Market search function your game will begin to lag and your FPS will drop very low until you close the Market. NOTE: since bots are a lot and they are spamming the marketplace with search requests this is also big reason of why the servers are lagging, but nobody will tell you that.In order for any crafting, gathering, workers to be active your game client must be active as well, so yea this means your PC must be turned ON all the time, making this game even more demanding than autoclicker game.There is immense crafting system in the game and nothing can be automated, except the resource gathering and even then you must give beer to your workers so they keep working, which makes you babysit the game at least once every 8-10 hours.The cash shop aspect:If you wanna kill monsters to be high level and get your loot as well you will need a pet. Pets go tears and to upgrade your tier to higher tier you need to combine with new pet, so to reach the best looting speed possible you need to spend ~200$. You need the pets since the in game lag is delaying you looting which in turn delays killing speed, so yea if you wanna be high level and keep in the top 1000 players you need to spent real money for pets.If you wanna get better equipment and don't wanna grind monsters you can always craft, but hold on if you don't have Value Pack which is cash shop item again you will get 30% less money from your sales of your items on the Market, so again if you don't wanna spent months, you must pay some of those $.You will also need to buy Weight and Inventory Slots from the Cash shop, if you are to have progress in the game. You can also buy bigger stables, bigger city storage from the cash shop and all sort of things that will make your game more playable. If you don't you will have to strugle a lot.In game there are Rowboats which are the second tier boat you can get, those are utterly a filler and there is no point to even bother crafting or buying them no one got any idea why they are even in game.When you kill Hyenas you get wolf blood from them.Upon using Value Pack the description of the item doesn't match the part for the 30% bonus from market place, The buff says (Excluding Pearl Items), while the Value Pack item doesn't.When you use autopathing your character/horse can collide with other players/horses, but if you don't use autopathing you can freely pass through them. I got no idea why the devs did this but it's utterly stupid just like hyenas giving wolf blood.The positive:Game have potential, but since it's not been developed at all from the game release 5 years ago you shall just know that you pay ~10$ and you get a game that plays as 10$ game."
,Not Recommended,582660,32314607,Posted: 10 June,all,M2 Project,"Game is a joke brought this game with a bunch of people.No one could load in think its an issue playing from OCE.We all had the same problem losing connection to thier servers we tried basically everything, but nothing worked.Don't think this game has servers for OCE nor supports it at all.Refunded"
,Not Recommended,582660,32700710,Posted: 23 June,all,Osakadows,"Anti cheat is completely broken.It detects Logitec software, teamspeak, platforms like curse and even support software like teamviewer.Absolutely unplayable, litterally  kicks me out after a minute for cheating.""Suspicious file detected"" with zero info outside of contact the support team."
76561198140107178,Not Recommended,582660,35110505,Posted: 21 September,all,Ben,"Combat is the only good thing about Black Desert - the other aspects are lackluster in comparision. It's a shame, it has potential to be so much more.And the devs are♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,582660,32349533,Posted: 11 June,all,Sapphic Neko,Not a fan of forced open world pvp at level 50.
,Recommended,582660,31999258,Posted: 27 May,all,[-WFL-] Weeder76 [ 5D ] =SSG=,"Before it’s official launch, Black Desert Online (BDO) by Pearl Abyss was one of the most hyped upcoming Korean MMORPGs around. BDO was released in its home country in 2014 and 2016 for North America and Europe.The game is free to play in Korea, Japan, and Russia while the English version for North America and Europe is pay to play, or more specifically, “buy to play” (players have to buy the game but there is no subscription fee).While trying to scratch the MMO itch I had recently, I wanted to find a good, immersive and fun game to keep me occupied for a little while. Black Desert Online seemed to fit the description quite nicely and after playing it for a little while, you will certainly like the fact that it’s a solid, immersive and very enjoyable game.GameplayOne of the things you will love about Black Desert Online is that this MMO does take itself quite seriously and that’s a very good thing. The gameplay is immersive and truly solid, the experience is created for both beginners and experts, not to mention that the world is massive. At the time of this writing we already had a large expansion dropped in and another one is coming shortly, so the updates and content are coming very fast.The game world is amazing and detailed, and there are quite a lot of enemies you can find. Thankfully, the enemy variety is not an issue here and you will actually find that dealing with enemies is quite exciting and immersive as you play. Sure, they will avoid following you after a while if you run from them. But, the combat is interesting and you will always try to find new strategies to tackle them. They don’t have the same attack all the time, and that does make the experience quite unpredictable to be honest.Most of the world and the experience will remind you of WoW but I find Black Desert Online to be a lot prettier. The world is also realistic and while there are thousands of quests and things to do, many of them have a realistic tone. Of course there are fantasy elements, but BDO stays grounded instead of trying to always immerse yourself into the experience which is what matters the most.I like the attention to detail that they have here because each of the attacks and the enemies are very detailed and realistic. You will sometimes have to avoid massive enemies or groups because that will indeed cause you harm. It’s not easy to do so honestly but as you play you will certainly have the possibility to do what you want and how you want.The inventory will expand as you play and while that’s not necessarily a bad thing, it’s bothering you at first. It’s very interesting to try and figure out what each skill does though, especially since there are a few hundred of them scattered throughout the skill map. That’s what really pushes you forward and makes you going because aside from having lots of skills, each one can be upgrading.BDO reviewLeveling is a part of the game but it can be quite grindy and unfortunately this will usually spoil the fun. Trying to get a specific skill locked behind a certain level is not that fun, but it does offer some interesting capabilities.You can get houses and warehouses in any town then use them as storage or as manufacturing facilities. Thankfully, the world is filled with places and traders where you can sell goods so you can indeed get some good money from that. And rest assured that there are tons of places where you can spend your silver if you want that, all you have to do is to be creative and the results will certainly pay off.I also like the fact that they added hundreds of side activities. Be it side quests or just activities like fishing, riding your horse and leveling him or just gathering flowers/herbs, it’s just something that you will do often. It will also distract you quite a lot most of the time as you try to play, but it’s nice to have such a thing in there. Many times we do want to stay away from killing and there are certainly lots of things to do in Black Desert Online that will keep you company.Unfortunately, they don’t really have an endgame honestly and there is no level cap either. But, on the other hand, they do update the game often so they do try to add in more stuff to do for high level players. They might even add a proper endgame but for the time being there isn’t a proper one.Classes are nice and very detailed, they even integrated a ninja class recently. The issue for some players is that some off these classes are locked behind a specific gender which is certainly something you want to avoid in an MMO. But, on the other hand, most of us will not be bothered by this issue.Performance is good for Black Desert Online as long as you have a high end PC. You can play it on older systems but in order to do so you will have to remove some of the graphic options. However, I feel that based on the way it looks, the performance for Black Desert Online is decent and it does offer plenty for what it requires.Black Desert Online screenshotGraphicsAs I said, one of the main strengths for Black Desert Online is coming from its graphics. The game world, animations and characters are stellar. They are looking very well and there weren’t that many graphics glitches in the game either. I liked the variety of each region and you can find just about anything you might expect from a fantasy game here, starting with dungeons and ending with massive plains or huge mountains.The music here is good albeit a little repetitive and the sounds are realistic, to the point. The voice acting might seem a little strange for European and US players, but it’s ok nonetheless.ConclusionBlack Desert Online is a fun game that I loved playing. It’s nice to get into and it does offer a multitude of unique ideas. Sure, it doesn’t really integrate all its systems properly and the gender locked classes might not be the best idea in an MMO, but it’s a solid game. Plus, if you have a solid PC you can enjoy maybe the best graphics in an MMO right now!"
,Recommended,582660,32919586,Posted: 28 June,all,JiX,"Not going to waste people's time, but this game for $10 is by far the most content you will get. Beautiful game, and having some good fun in it at the moment."
,Recommended,582660,32899271,Posted: 27 June,all,Zakuda,Its a really fun game worth the $5 maybe not $10 but its one of the best games i've played recently.
76561198027065244,Recommended,582660,32720418,Posted: 24 June,all,Dreamfall,"First of all, it's refreshing being in an MMO with an active player base; I mean, aside from WoW (yawn, love it, just bored lol).  I got to carry a sheep for no reason, which was funny, and made me laugh.  Catching a horse was fun, frustrating, yet fun to learn.  When I upgraded my weapon too much, and had to learn how to repair its durability, nobody in the chat channel helped so I also had to figure that out on my own.  I guess my point is, the game is challenging; which, makes it fun, and unique compared to other MMOs.  It gives a lot of log in freebies so once you hit the first major city you should be able to sell at the auction house, and make some dough to give you a nice headstart... for those worried it may present too much of a challenge.  I get the feeling the existing player base isn't totally receptive to the influx of Steam players but honestly, I had never even heard of this game before it was released on Steam, otherwise I would have already been playing it lol.  Give it a try, for 10 bucks it's definitely a steal! :)"
,Recommended,582660,33107867,Posted: 1 July,all,koto <3,"Let me just start by saying this is one of my favorite games to date. The graphics are incredible and the gameplay is truly revolutionary for an mmo.Many of the reviews which are negative talk about how this game is pay to win. While this may be true in some instances, the game offers many events where someone wouldn't even have to pay money to get some of the things that a paying player does.First off, events. This is a FREE way to get pets, temporary chances to use all dyes, fully change your character (minus the name), and even get some limited cosmetics as well as the chance for some endgame loot. These happen every few months and everyone who gave this game a negative review because they totally ""need pets to win"" is essentially wrong.Not to mention that most, if not ALL items that a player could buy in the cash shop are availible via the in game player to player market, and things such as pets or premium boosts appear on the market very frequently.One thing I will admit that is faulty with the game is the Xing Anti cheat. It is installed forceably without the players knowledge and isn't even deleted when the game is.My overall opinion is that BDO is a fluid and beautiful RPG world, with a staggering amount of content and scenery that will blow away anyone who plays. It is easily a 9/10."
,Recommended,582660,32922540,Posted: 28 June,all,darth22345,Best Game ever. Love it
,Recommended,582660,33153047,Posted: 2 July,all,Bolththrower,So far so good.I'm just here for a meanigless achievement.PEACE!
,Recommended,582660,32765007,Posted: 25 June,all,Syndicate_,blacked desert online
,Recommended,582660,32001786,Posted: 27 May,all,Crim_Hammerlock,"this game is insanly adictive,beautiful graphics, amazing combat, plentiful amount of things to do, loads of content, especially if you count playing it over with other classes. you know that f2p called Tera? it's like that just 4x as better, and alot less ♥♥♥♥ing ""costumes"" and♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's an actually rpgmmo,and it's fantasticbut so far, im still in a forest, i have seen nothing even resembling a desert, let alone a black desert-10/10never play againjk,it's fun, buy it while the sale lasts, even then, plenty worth teh $10"
,Recommended,582660,31963810,Posted: 25 May,all,unsettledpanda,"I originally played a trial version of this game when it came out, but I wasn't particularly amazed by it. I had wanted to try it out again, and the Steam release seemed like the perfect time to be a new player. I have absolutely changed my mind thus far.I really enjoy the combat (playing as a Dark Knight). The game is definitely a little overwhelming for a brand new player, but I think it does a better job than many MMORPGs at trying to introduce how things work. I also know that I still have a ton to learn, but the game is fun enough that I don't mind knowing that I have a lot of learning to do.One thing that I am not sure about yet is RP, which is one reason why I'm interested in playing BDO, but I have seen recruiting RP guilds, so I don't think this is going to be an issue.I do have one complaint about the game that isn't as big of a deal as I originally thought I would, which is the weird/difficult to follow storyline. I absolutely love Elder Scrolls Online and the narratives in that game, and BDO is not at all like it. The voice acting is kind of stale at times (not always) and the game in general seems to be a little poorly translated if I'm being perfectly honest. Like a little child character dreaming about barbecue and sleep speaking ""Mmm, savory..."" which just sounds like an awkwardly worded Google translate phrase coming from a child.Overall, I am playing this game for the amazing customization, huge variety of things to do (fish, farm, capture horses, decorate houses), and for the satisfying and complex combat system."
76561198017943066,Recommended,582660,31942342,Posted: 24 May,all,BroTothemaxx,"xingcode3 Anti cheat engine is prohibiting me from playing. I tried everything. Deleting all kinds of programs until i only had system necessities. I deactivated all security systems an let the app communicate through the firewall but still i get the ""Suspiscious software alert"" which exits the game. This appears to be an issue long known.  I tried for 2 hours but the game throws me out after I logged in everytimeEDIT:After contacting support they could tell me which program it was. ""Kaldaien Special K"" which I used for modding Final Fantasy x remastered did the error. After deleting it, it works. I recommend everyone sending your error xingcode.log to the support via their form on the website.After I played sometime I definetly like this game. Thanks customer support!"
,Recommended,582660,32874362,Posted: 27 June,all,Supericeboy,Combat is 10/10
,Recommended,582660,32119958,Posted: 1 June,all,ScTiger,"10/10 waifu building softwareEdit: I've been informed that this game has a part where you can play online with other people and do quests, similar to ""Runscape"", I might have to try that some time."
,Recommended,582660,33311980,Posted: 6 July,all,datguylucky,"If you are okay with grinding and a fan of MMO's, you will be able to enjoy tons of content and possibilities in this game."
,Recommended,582660,33388730,Posted: 8 July,all,Atramentously,"fun for all, addictive and a good way to pass the time"
,Recommended,582660,33356834,Posted: 7 July,all,Arthunik,"i hate MMORPGS, and i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, so i hope that says alot"
,Recommended,582660,33295029,Posted: 5 July,all,Burno,"What I liked+ The combat system. If you're a person who never got into MMORPG's because of the usually boring fights, this isn't the case.For my first time in the genre, pvp and pve magically became interesting, and I often find myself going to lowlevel zones just to experiment new combos.+ Over that, the graphics are fantastic. Going back to any other mmorpg will make it look worse than Runescape.+ Plenty of stuff to do beyond farming mobs. You can go fishing, housing, cooking, chopping trees, hunting, sealing, trading, go meet new NPCs for a different exp, or just go for a quiet horse ride.+ An huge map that takes hundreds of hours to fully explore. Also, there are no loading screens between areas, ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!+ Probably the best character editor ever.Very good waifu material.What I didn't like- Poor optimization in cities. You will soon find out that not even an i7+1080ti can run the game properly in those damn cities. (I'm running with an i5-4460 + 1050ti, and I'm getting 80+ fps in farming zones but 25-40 fps in cities)- The combat system is too much fast paced to play with friends. You will often find yourselves splitted from each other while farming mobs. It's not impossible of course, but it's not optimal.- It's not P2W, but it's Pay for convenience. For example, you can buy a pet which will automatically loot on dead mobs' corpses. Or, for instance, there are bundles which straight up upgrade your inventory carrying limits. It pisses many players off, including me to be honest.Also, about this point, I wanted to point out that it's much worse in the Korean/Russian version of the game. They've got a more ""aggressive"" shop which is definitely Pay2Win. We were ""lucky"".---------------------------------------------------------------------This is what I think of BDO, but I will of course update my review if it will be needed."
,Recommended,582660,33424730,Posted: 10 July,all,lotionあgod,epic game. someone add me and tell me how to play
76561198092233468,Recommended,582660,32851379,Posted: 27 June,all,DM,This is just an amazing mmorpg I recomend it to every one :)
,Recommended,582660,33365967,Posted: 8 July,all,CateBoi,"Do you like talking about traps and femboys? Do you like to obsess over cheaply built, overpriced, and underpowered Alienware computers? Are you a toxic neo-nazi who tells everyone that they will get gassed when the 4th reich emerges? Do you like spending hours customizing a character that you will inevitably change later for a fee? Do you like completely abandoning the main story line for a complex trading system? Then oh boy do I have the game for you. Welcome to Black Desert Online my fellow loser, for you have entered the most autistic, racist, argument baiting group of nerds on the entire internet. We've been waiting for you."
,Recommended,582660,33488782,Posted: 12 July,all,✈║『Kuramasa』║✈,Endless hours of entertainment whether you're a pve grinder or an economic farmville monster.
,Recommended,582660,33015534,Posted: 29 June,all,Key,"Pretty game imo, id say 9/10"
,Recommended,582660,33114692,Posted: 1 July,all,Ohdyn,boobs and mmo stuff10/10
,Recommended,582660,32149346,Posted: 3 June,all,T1Jah,I'm just finding this now?
,Recommended,582660,33506675,Posted: 13 July,all,Tsume,"The best MMORPG that i have ever played as i just got involved & immersed in the world, combat, trading. player housing and crafting due to this its the only MMORPG i play currently. Its also not pay to win (only cosmetics and inventory upgrades) which was a bonus as i dont like people spending fortunes to be the best as its not fair. I also enjoyed this game by playing it with a friend where we generally messed around like jumping of wrecked castle to our deaths which was fun. I also gifted this to a friend over the summer sale because it was right up his alley and also because thats more friends to grind & trade with.Overall I believe anyone who likes or wants to get into MMORPG's should pick it up as it immersive and satisflying. :D"
76561198153848664,Recommended,582660,33475991,Posted: 12 July,all,黄Durizo黄,IV played many mmos but this is easily the best one to date!
,Recommended,582660,32933141,Posted: 28 June,all,Zero,"Solid gameplay, graphics could be better"
76561198086427695,Recommended,582660,32989623,Posted: 29 June,all,xSoulKingX,"The game can take some time to get used to but is extremely fun both solo and with a group of friends, Highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,582660,32929664,Posted: 28 June,all,DDommo ☻ 青空,Im only here so I get my stickers for my summer sticker book but it's still a good game.
,Recommended,582660,32876745,Posted: 27 June,all,Krause,"Not for everyone but this is a great MMO not based on leveling your charcter as much and not grinding for gear until 55+ is good as new players get to know how the game works and its system and mechanics, would like it to have more incentive to for teaming and joing guids but thats more of a higher level basis if your solo this game will work for you like the FOV and how the camera is and how the key bindings isnt your typical smash numbpad for combos but you deal more damage without using the numbers which i find great and gets the user to learn this quickly on in the game questing is fun and there are many yiou can do, grinding exp best just to kill ads for tokens towards creating charcter build its worth looking up online for some nice builds as there are many out there for each class. Being a veterain of MMO's and having much expierence with WOW, ARcheAge, Tera and Guild Wars 1 and 2 this game really tries to be diferent and it works very good job from the devs here 9/10"
,Recommended,582660,32885113,Posted: 27 June,all,Kinotsu,"Almost 30 Hours in and 99% of that time has been just messing with the character creator, exploring the world, and becoming a property manager while simultaneously farming, gathering, fishing, breeding, lumbering, cooking, and exercising.10/10Would spend 30 more hours getting sidetracked."
,Recommended,582660,32014832,Posted: 28 May,all,Alexandru Visinescu,"The game is good,if you like grinde i recommand you <3."
,Recommended,582660,32150731,Posted: 3 June,all,FantomSlothie,Great fishing simulator. I rate it 8/10
,Recommended,582660,32926373,Posted: 28 June,all,afterliife.,The only MMO I have played with a smile on my face.
76561198164437777,Recommended,582660,33474411,Posted: 12 July,all,silent is gold,im sold on the combat system
76561198354861577,Recommended,582660,33483123,Posted: 12 July,all,FRAG,SO much to do. Im Addicted . At first its a little overwhelming but give it some time watch some guieds and just grind away and soon you will be addicted.
,Recommended,582660,34083193,Posted: 7 August,all,Grizzly,if you're actually wondering how the game plays then who even ♥♥♥♥in' knowsit's got the best character creator you've ever seen tho
,Recommended,582660,34087609,Posted: 7 August,all,ISWBAP,Beautful game. any mmo player out there will totally enjoy this game
,Recommended,582660,34068973,Posted: 6 August,all,ThePunisher.,"Really fun and enjoyable game to adventure around and kill stuff and do quests and get loot is just amazing. Best thing i like in a video game such as this Open World,Looting,Skilling And A Lot More 10/10 for me and would recomment to anyone having doubts buying this game"
,Recommended,582660,34020967,Posted: 4 August,all,CrankySmurf,"Great Game, so much to do, beautiful, I cant say enough.Here the thing the, the UI and game mechanics of the game are♥♥♥♥♥backwards. It seems like there was pains taking time put in to make the game time consuming to the point, you ask yourself, is this work or a game."
,Not Recommended,582660,33010736,Posted: 29 June,all,Pete,"So where to start,I really like this game especially the combat! I started playing as berserker and I was expecting some heavy attacks and zero mobility but I was wrong I had some real fun with berserker. Eventually I moved to striker and oh boy I felt every singe hit, combo, kick and yea the combat is just perfect I don't know what to say I want to eventually play every class but I think non of them have static combat style it's just awesome.Questing is very unique too, instead of getting EXP you get contribution EXP which you can spend on nodes, houses, cities and these things makes you money which again is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! I never seen something like this before. And you can level up by grinding mobs in certain areas. If you unlock some nodes these areas grant you bonus loot or exp.Anyway I'm still learning stuff but one thing I really despise is how uneffective traveling is. Yea it's nice you have storage in one city and different in another but it's really painful to travel long distances to just sell stuff and mostly store silver. I really like the thing where you can farm some type of junk and sell that specific junk to specific NPC which gives you extra money. Also I really like the effort you put in one character. By walking long distances you level up (stamina?) or by eating and yea it's really sweet to see the effort you put in one character. Also doing skills is really fun but the thing I want to say is the weight system + that traveling thing is just pain. I stoped looting mobs when I want to make progress in quests becasue it's just painful. I know this game is really cheap to get but the premium shop is such a big convenience. This game is not p2w but getting some stuff form there is just NEED.I'll try to get into this game more and survive the start and definitely edit this review in the future."
,Not Recommended,582660,33018776,Posted: 29 June,all,♠Hallykon♠,"TLDR: for 10 dollars you get the best combat system and  graphics in any MMO and one of the most detailed game worlds i've ever seen. That being said the game does annoy me with bad sound design, voice acting, pop in, being limited in playing with new friends, and very expensive cash shop items that provide massive benefits need to be either massively reduced in price or the benefits implemented in the regular game.i definitely do not regret buying the game, it was one of the best mmo experiences i've ever had.in this review i will be covering everything wrong with the game in hopes that one of the developers will see this review (i have noticed devs responding to many negative reviews, which is great and its something i dont see often.)Firstly, after 30 days of owning the game, you are locked out of the olvia servers which provide double exp, the problem lies where all my friends who recently got the game are playing on olvia and for me to play with them they are forced to forfeit their exp benefits. How it should be is that new players are given a 100% exp buff that lasts 30 days, which would allow players to go to any server they want with their friends.The cash shop has many arguably neccessary items that cost extremely steep amounts of money (pets, value packs, inventory weight and space expansion, etc)on the topic of value packs, they provide 30% more silver from items sold on the marketplace, a dye system that gives access to all the dyes in the game, and also allow you to change your character freely. the dye system without value packs is extremely expensive and completely overshadowed by the value packs. why are dyes consumed in the first place? honestly the benefits from value packs need to be implemented without the need of an expensive cash shop item.Black desert online has some of the worst cluttered UI i've seen. for example, the game notifies you if someone across the map who you've never met before has failed to upgrade an item, or if an item on the marketplace is sold or listed. why ALL of the system notifications are enabled by default let alone existing in the firstplace baffles me. its just useless information. also for some stupid reason in this incredibly graphically demanding game, the game has ""GPU low power mode"" defaulted to ON. i dont know a single person who regularly plays video games that regularly runs their components and a fraction of the speed they payed for.I personally bought the most expensive bundle of the game which comes with a free pet, 5 peices of furniture for the housing system, two 30 day value packs, and a horse whistle (item that allows you to call your horse from up to 500m away) and a teir 5 horse, and i feel like i definitely did not get my moneys worth.The game gives you absolutely no incentive or reason to party up with friends and i really wish there was more to do in a party.Some more things that bother me:The game gives you absolutely no incentive or reason to party up with friends and i really wish there was more to do in a party.The grind is pretty steep at some pointsThe sound design is pretty mediocre and the voice acting is laughably bad in most places.If the game is going bombard the player with so many microtransactions the game should honestly be free to play. If the price on all the cash shop items was slashed down by something like at least 75% to the point where they are not all exorbitantly overpriced (for example outfits cost upwards of 30 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars holy♥♥♥♥♥♥. 30!!! i could buy a few games for that price!) maybe i, and many other players would consider purchasing them instead of exclusively whales.thank you for taking time out of your day to read this, i hope i've convinced some people of their purchace decisions"
76561198109212176,Recommended,582660,33267635,Posted: 5 July,all,StepOgear,is gud
,Recommended,582660,32097920,Posted: 31 May,all,Xuraith,"I play most MMO's solo. It's the best one I've ever seen for my style of playing. You can be a trade mogul, farmer,  hunter, fisherman, alchemist, crafter, gatherer and cook all without limitations of exotic plans being locked in dungeon raids or specializations. If you're a successful enough entrepreneur you can just buy ""end game gear"". Clothes and accessories don't become bound when worn and you can level alts in your high leveled gear. The energy, contribution points and node systems take a little research to understand, but, it's pretty cool when you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,582660,33090305,Posted: 1 July,all,Polarity,"Best combat I've played with in an MMORPG, best graphics I've played with in an MMORPG. Absolute grindfest, even though I played while they had that double-EXP stuff going on. Very much recommend this, but not as a fully-fledged MMORPG with all those MMORPG-y features that you'll be looking for; if you want that kind of stuff go for WoW or GW2 or maybe even FFXIV. Kindof lost its spark near the level-cap but I think that's just me. Node system in-game is also sorta overwhelming and at the same time lackluster.There's also a lot of weebs and pay-to-win traps."
,Recommended,582660,33120820,Posted: 2 July,all,CrackuhJax,Fun until level 50 :^)
76561198344112107,Recommended,582660,32928718,Posted: 28 June,all,Ghost,Really good game grinding overall.
,Recommended,582660,32804142,Posted: 26 June,all,SleazyArt,"I have played MANY MMO titles since 1995. During these 22ish years there have been a few titles that drew me in and had me gaming 10-12h or more a day. In the past 7-8 years no MMO has done that and certainly not an Asian made MMO. I remember when this game was $49.99 to start playing and I kept passing it over. Then I saw it on sale for $4.99 and still passed it over. I now regret never giving this game a try.The game is amazing! That said there is a learning curve because there is so much you can do in this game, has a learning curve almost as steep as Eve Online. Once you get past that the combat is so fun and fluid, no tab targeting and mindlessly mashing hotkeys. I like that you can kill many mobs at once and that keyboard combos activate your combat skills. I enjoy the minigames with certain lifeskills (trade skills). I like that the game allows afk fishing (great way to make money while sleeping/working). The worker system is awesome, so you have workers gathering resources for you while online and offline. The company is so generous with freebies when you start playing (I got 2 7d packs that raised my EXP gain and expanded my inventory/storage). Plus you get great EXP bonus rewards for completing milestones in the game. If that was not enough you get rewarded just for logging into the game and on the weekends they turn on 100% EXP gain. The game is beautiful and if you have the system and graphics card to push running it all on high it is even more beautiful and you can see how much detail they put into this game, like regional weather, after it rains the ground and objects still look wet for a short period. After it rains you can see the evaporation heat blurs wafting up from the ground. I could keep going but you get the idea. Oh and every server at all hours of the day/night are always packed with players.Is the game a grind? Eh... maybe to some it is because most gamers these days look to get to cap level in games as quick as possible then complain there's nothing to do, or complain the game is to easy. Then if a game takes work these same people complain saying it is a grinder. Well, there is no cap here and after 56 there is a grind for each level, if you are only looking to min/max and play the game a month or two you will not like it. Do the community a favor and find something else. If you are looking to live in a world that is beautiful, feels organic and something you can spend a year or more in before ""the next best thing"" comes out... Look no further.In short best MMO I have played in a very long time. I can't quit playing, it is that addictive,"
76561198007394958,Recommended,582660,32927395,Posted: 28 June,all,Maño78,"Good things:Player housing!  it's always nice to have your own home in an mmo.  While it's not set out like Archeage, where your house is 'real' on the outisde, you go to doors in various cities and your house is an instanced zone there, in which you can place all manner of decorations (many that are player made) and profession utilities.The world is beautiful, large and feels very alive and bustling.  Mounts really matter here due to the large distances.Indepth and interesting professions, you can make all sorts of things, and make money in a variety of different ways from hunting to trading with your own wagon.Fighting is very fun, it's real time mechanics where you have to pull off combos, which is quite different from most other mmo'sPay once with no monthly fee, and so far it doesn't appear to be 'pay to win' at all, you can get some benefits through the cash shop but in general nothing that important, when it comes to inventory space you can play the game to get more, and pets are nice for looting (they loot for you once every ten seconds) but they aren't essential.Bad things:  (imo only of course, some might be good things in your opinion)Gender locked classes.  Want to be a female wizard or a male witch?  not currently possible.No trading between players and fixed prices at the marketplace, i'm unsure on these as although i personally feel it limits guild co-operation, it may benefit the game in other areas.-------------------------------------------------------------------------I've played quite a few mmo's over the years and i'd say that overall it compares very favourably with the competition, due to the interesting and complex nature of many things in the game, it really gets you wanting to find out more and before you know it, you're hooked."
,Recommended,582660,32759650,Posted: 25 June,all,roots,"If you think of World of Warcraft when you hear the word ""MMO,"" then prepare for a paradigm shift. Black Desert Online is an MMO where you can truly do and be anything. You can focus on combat if you like (the combat system, by the way, is fluid and extremely rewarding), or you can settle down and start a farm. Or build a boat and sail the seas. Or start a trade network and make millions. Or... well, you get the idea.Despite its wide variety of playstyles, this game is not shallow; in fact, its width is only matched by its incredible depth. I'm not exaggerating when I say that I spent more of my first fifty hours reading the game's wiki than actually playing the game: you're offered so many choices that you'll need to do some serious reading just to get a basic idea of what you're doing.It doesn't help that BDO offers little by the way of a tutorial (to be fair, a comprehensive tutorial would take days to get through) --after teaching you how to walk, look around, and equip items, the game tosses you into its vast world with a handful of silver and leaves you to fend for yourself. The learning curve is incredibly steep, and the game doesn't hold your hand. It's up to you to do your research and figure things out for yourself.Altogether, BDO is a beautiful game with an incredible amount of depth and freedom. It's not for everyone, but for only $10, it's definitely worth a try. If you're bored with typical MMO's, I'd recommend this one in a heartbeat: it's a breath of fresh air."
,Recommended,582660,32586448,Posted: 20 June,all,๖ۣCaptain ๖ۣJohnWick,Do you like Korean MMOs? Want some great graphics? An interesting combat system? Try out BDO!It's a great game and with the steam sale going it's worth it even more. Just make sure to buy the Explorers Pack if you're able to as it's well worth the price during the summer sale.
,Recommended,582660,31961166,Posted: 25 May,all,King_Of_The_Lycans,It's fun :) Transferred from Korean to NA. I am glad that the steam release is a thing.
,Recommended,582660,32027488,Posted: 28 May,all,Kadžo| DW28A,Still learning but the game is beautiful and very fun to play.
,Recommended,582660,32106709,Posted: 1 June,all,Kaneki Senpai,I spent more hours in character creation than the game
76561198052057654,Recommended,582660,32107174,Posted: 1 June,all,Invixxus,Great Game once you mastered the machanics
,Recommended,582660,32123594,Posted: 2 June,all,Shaka Zulu RBG,Great game to play with friends.
76561198372292069,Recommended,582660,32080598,Posted: 31 May,all,Ghost0080,"I picked up this game because it looked a lot like Dragon's Dogma, I am not dissapointed. Despite not having the mounting skill where you climb and slay your beast, the tone, mood and setting is all too familiar. Those who still hunger for more Dragon's Dogma you'll feel right at home. If you do seem intrested in getting a copy, check out certain Youtube videos for pointers and where to start."
76561197960465381,Recommended,582660,32083999,Posted: 31 May,all,mtkafka,"Great mmo sandbox.  VERY GRINDY but LOTS of options.  Takes alot of gameplay one of my fave mmos Vanguard (amity/politics system), and the open world map is nice and detailed.  This probably is the best open world game to waste time in since it has alot of non combat gameplay.  You can almost play this like a solo SKyrim experience.  And to top it off, best world building since... Vanguard.  Hope they expand to other continents and biomes.  BTW you can go hunting and buy a house and make money on trading!  Also the graphics are near the top for not just an mmo, but any game!"
76561198063951150,Recommended,582660,32123127,Posted: 1 June,all,Explix,"Best mmorpg I've ever played, so fun and barely p2w. Hands down the most developed mmorpg game out there. Give it a shot!"
76561198020831584,Recommended,582660,32271612,Posted: 8 June,all,arc361,First MMO I have actually liked. Just couldnt get into blade & Soul and final fantasy. This game throws you into combat right off the bat and the best part is the combat is actually good. Its not as chunky feeling as all the other mmos and the animations are just very pleasing. Makes the game way more enjoyable. What about the xingcode? Meh Blizzard has anti cheat to and its pretty intrusive. I support them to do whatever it takes to stop hackers. just dont steal my passwords!
,Recommended,582660,32194217,Posted: 5 June,all,blak pipl hav no rajts,"This is the best chill game I've ever played.You can play competitive if you want, but if you just want strolling thru the map and killing some mobs."
76561198252315460,Recommended,582660,31994990,Posted: 27 May,all,countyaura1520,"ok first off theirs a lot off things that can be done to improve this all ready great game like improving some of the the enemy ai movements, and to automaticly turn off makret  messages because when i first loaded up the game i was spammed by market messages and it should be turned off by default. so ratingsstoryline: 7/10, as their is not really any story but thats no reason to pass up this awsome game.graphics: 9/10, this all depends on what your computer can run the graphics atgameplay: 10/10, the gameplay is super good and i would do nothing to change itcombat: 10/10, the combat is the best part of the game in my opinion.So over all i do recomend this game to anyone, but there is pay to look really cool and have some perks that come with what you bought on the pearl (the payed currency) market  but its noting to cry about"
,Recommended,582660,32956173,Posted: 28 June,all,Flizzy,"This game is something different. Love it. Took a while to get into. But once you've gotten into it, it's great."
,Recommended,582660,32938223,Posted: 28 June,all,Erebos8,"Usually don't write reviews but this is a great MMO, of which I usually don't like, and is a good combat system and tons of other life skill and crafting etc content. As for the anti virus there have been no reported problems with it and is not a threat like everyone says it is.  Great game over all and devs listen to the subredit. 10/10"
,Recommended,582660,32090713,Posted: 31 May,all,skrub,"From a new players prespective, everything will seem unexplained and complicated. But once you put time into understanding what everything does, you will end up really enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,582660,35140423,Posted: 22 September,all,Hethrus,"Now I don't nearly have as many hours in this game as many people writing reviews, and I don't have as many hours in this game as I would have liked to put in. This game is a lot of fun, it looks great, combat is intense.But why do I not recommend this game?Fail stacking. I'm a big mmo fan, I've played almost every big mmo you can name and this is the dumbest thing I've ever come across. The good thing about MMO's is the constany progression. I spend 10 hours playing world of warcraft and I'll get somewhere. But this game has too much RNG for the long grind. Even if you do your best to work it into your favor the system can screw you, meaning hours down the drain.This system is the single reason I can't get back in and I can't suggest it. Which is shame since the combat and the world and lfie skills are really cool!But I can't get over how much the fail stacking system takes away."
,Not Recommended,582660,35463781,Posted: 3 October,all,sepi,Everquest '99 was less grindy
,Recommended,582660,32133714,Posted: 2 June,all,GoodEvilArchangel,"2 of my videos (I recommend 1080p):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=938118928http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=973228122-  Auto-Feature (no need to be in game): train exp/skills of horses, some things for professions. In future patches: Exp Lvl for characters at scarecrows.- Customize character is so advanced...If have patience, you can create yourself...- Ton of ways to customize character to be Ultra Sexy, if zoom, you can see even pores...- A lot of Outfits from Pearl Shop for real money or from marketplace (other players sell with silver)- Awesome fast combat system: combos, fight from mounts, climb areas like Prince of Persia.- Lvl 60 aka soft cap takes 500h or more, from lvl 58 - 60 you get 1-4% exp/ h. Is possible 62+, but can take thousands hours.- Highest Gear you craft or buy from others, is insane money sink to do it, to get PEN Gear can be almost impossible, usually TRI or TET is highly possible.- FailStack is very important, fail to get higher stack to enchant high gear or sell to others.- You can be lvl 1 and have highest Gear, but you lack HP, ton of skills, around 7-30 hours from lvl 1 to 50 for your Alts. Lvl 55-60, expect to be extremly slow: weeks/months.- You need thousands of hours to rise professions at Guru, can be Guru 2, etc...- If want to enter into a guild, you can do wars vs other guilds- Ranking system for Professions, Military, Guilds and more.- Beauty Gallery/Photo to be voted as outfilt or use customize look from others and more.- Marketplace: sell, buy with players or NPC, learn to catch animals, mounts, lvl them, equip them, outfit them and much more.- Hire workers, invest in nodes (some similarities like Civilization on map investment) and more..."
76561198078882603,Not Recommended,582660,32156713,Posted: 3 June,all,Reiho,"The game is one of the few cases I wish steam would give a 3rd option between yes and no. It's okay for it's price,but it's not that great that I would put a 100% recommendation for it. The character creation is very well made,lots of customization can be done.The world though....Many things can be done afk and there's also autorun. Yes,it's handy. But then again,why should I explore on myself then,if I just can enter the command to walk where I want?Also,the enemys aren't really exciting either,nor is the story. The gameplay in combat is well made,still. Quests don't give exp,leveling is easy up to like 50. The benefit from quests are still nice,like gaining more inventory slots. To get to the technical part,the game doesn't lag or anything likely. It runs smoothly,but not in crowded places. On the Slightly High setting,I can play the game with decent 50 FPS in combat areas,30 in crowded places,wich is okay for me. (NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 TI)Who would I recommend this to?People who seek a grinding game and don't mind an okay story,PvP-lovers and people who like dressup games with fighting elements.Who should leave their hands off?People who expect decent PvE elements.Most mobs die before a combo is finished. Also the world is not well designed either. It's okay,at best. The NPCs have animations,but they look cheesy. To give a pro there,you can gather knowledge about the NPCs and have conversations with them,wich is a neat idea,but I haven't gotten interested enough in the game's world to actually make use of that feature. Also, not only the open world mobs are weak,raid bosses (from what I have seen in Videos) are very easy to do. They only use 1 or 2 different moves wich are easy to dodge,so the more accurate word would be ""Lootpinata"".Also this game isn't for people who don't want to spend too much time on grinding. This game defines the grind,but still gives nice features to make it a little more comfortable (like autorun or afk fishing),still very annoying at some point.To me,this game didn't offer the best of experiences,but not the worst either. I will keep playing it every now and then. It's worth it's price though."
,Not Recommended,582660,32166617,Posted: 3 June,all,^1Ze ^7mouse^1*,"I had all kinds of issues with the cursor, screen resolution, crashes etc. Once I had it going  the controls were unintuitive. There is no story that ties you into the game you are just thrown in without explanation. graphics are mediocre, Very little voice acting and since there is no story you stop reading quickly."
,Recommended,582660,32184478,Posted: 4 June,all,Ajax,"*Now to start I know I havent played that many hours of this game yet, but hear me out on my opinion of the product.This game is very fun, i would highly recommend this product. Its one of the better MMO's i have found in recent years. Its combat style is fun and flashy, the map is large and there is plenty to explore, the economic system is diffrent and interesting, and the production system is fun and has some challenge to it.I don't have many criticisms for this game, but the biggest one i have is they shove hints down your throat and there not really that helpful. Its easier to figure it out on your own. However, Im sure there is a way to remove them.Other then that I would highly recommend this game to seasoned MMO players and even those who are curious about MMO's. Just be sure to take the time to learn and dont get overly frustrated."
76561198043036465,Recommended,582660,35484361,Posted: 4 October,all,Salty0099,"FORGET EVERYTHING YOU’VE HEARD!!!!!!!When I decided to play BDO I went on every single gaming website you can imagine to look up reviews. While most were mixed, a lot were very negative. Some even calling it a big mess. Boy am i glad i did not listen. What BDO is, in basics terms, is non other then Video Game Cocaine. You will be hooked before you learn everything, and once you do learn everything, forget life as you know it! The games core system is designed around Playing. Yep, the more hours you log, the better the game gets. I heavily suggest setting time aside before deciding to jump into BDO.With that said, let me tell you what this game is, and is not:IS:1. Open world MMO where everything you do, even breathing, nets advancement of your character2. A PvP system designed around open world sieges and overtaking of lands. The minute you join one of these combat scenarios, you will be hooked for life!3. Real world farming system designed around a structured economy and time investment. Meaning, the more you put in, the more you get out.4. Combat system the likes you’ve never seen. Everything Tera online has, but, also everything Tera Online SHOULD have had as well. The way the combat system works will make mob grinding actually fun. And thing die quick. Very quick. So you will not be stuck hitting a NPC or Boar for endless hours with Spell Fire III. You will simply wack the S*** out of it, and move on.5. A true leveling system. What i mean by true is that you will not spend endless hours grinding XP, hit max level, and watch the que timer for dungeons and raids to pop. Then, hit max level on your gear and watch the calendar for the next content patch. Leveling in BDO actually stand for something. Time invested, resources invested, and continuous play. Meaning someone walking around level 70 will have a-lot more prestige and recognition then a level 50 player.6. A no rush, no worries MMO. No need to rush ANYTHING. You will play at your pace, at your time, and at your level of time investment. No matter the hour you log on, there will ALWAYS be something to do which can advance your character.Now, what it is NOT:1. Traditional MMO. Everything in BDO is open world and community created. And, because its not a sub base mmo, there are MILLIONS logged on at all times.2. Endgame is all there is type of MMO. You will never be done. There is no ending. Your contributions are endless, and your character’s progression is endless as well. Play this game for 5 years, and your character will have EXACTLY 5 years of experience and advancement on him/her. While that may sound stupid, scary, maybe even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥......JUST TRY IT OUT! Believe me, one hour in, and i was hooked!3. Graphically Light Weight MMO. While you may be able to play WoW on a toaster, this game will not. You dont need a 3k rig to play it, but anything less then a GTX 980 will struggle. You can tone the graphics down alot. And when i say alot, i mean even the wind can be adjusted in the options pane. However, the main thing this game banks on is the photo realistic graphics. No matter the review this game got, EVERYONE raves about its graphical display. Best ive seen in a MMO PERIOD!4. Anything like ANY OTHER mmo out there. This game is exactly the opposite of anything you’ve ever played. There is so much to do in BDO, that no matter how much time you invest in it, you are never truly done. The open area content is 24/7 and the rewards are well worth the effort.5. Boring. Ask yourself this: How many times have you been caught staring at a que timer, waiting for that dungeon/raid to pop, join a group, and then be lead by a bad tank or heals which ultimately nets you ZERO experience/gear/currency/ for time invested? How often have you logged in to your current MMO and wonder, “Whats next?”. BDO is the exact opposite. No matter what your cup of tea is, this game can serve it. Any day. Any time.My suggestion is download the game. Open your mind to what it truly offers, and forget about what it cannot offer. This game’s exact comparison is the following all mixed into one game:A. The adventuring and exploring fun of GW2B. The tactical combat of Tera Online, but with actual mechanics that are fun to executeC. The questing of FFXIVD. The population of WoWE. The leveling of SWTORF. ALL of the above with the SAME exact graphics of Shadows of Mordor. (Even the climbing and stealth)See you all ingame......."
76561198134126499,Recommended,582660,33630985,Posted: 18 July,all,Crimson,"Coming from someone who doesn't play a lot of MMORPGs i'd like to say that this one has really nailed the experience of what an MMORPG should be. There's near endless amount of features in this game that'll have you completely hooked, i'm still trying to figure out things as well but you tend to figure them out as you go.Combat is absolutely outstanding, i'm not sure why but I get a Dynasty Warriors vibe from it, a little less ragdoll death physics but you can actually feel your weapons hitting the enemies unlike most RPGS. Character customization is brilliant, i've not seen something as detailed before when it comes to structuring your person.Overall, i'm still managing to play here and there and slowly getting more immersed in the game. Definitely a good job on those associated in making this game, turned out wonderfully."
76561198154137587,Recommended,582660,33491359,Posted: 12 July,all,MMG,"Too good, To be true"
,Recommended,582660,32012093,Posted: 27 May,all,GamerStrider,It's a better Vindictus.
,Recommended,582660,32181178,Posted: 4 June,all,Frank Miller's Batman™,Cancelled my WoW Subscription after 8 years of playing.
,Recommended,582660,32044608,Posted: 29 May,all,Carlness,"i dont have the patience for the vast learning curve, but not gonna down vote it for that"
,Recommended,582660,32925254,Posted: 28 June,all,NiELsEN!,"Black Desert Online is great game with tons of quests, good graphics, fun combat, and an amazing character customization where you can speed a long time to make your character just the way you want it. But it's really confusing in the start, you just run around and questing. But if you just hang in there to around level 20 and i promise you level quite fast in the start. When you are a around level 20 you also get introduced to a lot of new things and you will probably be like ""Uhh what's that"" and start investigting and learn a bunch of stuff.Some Simularities:If you can imagen mixing The Witcher 3 + Sims + The MMO genre and add buisnesses, you end up with Black Desert Online. The simularities with The Witcher 3, is specially the horse riding and the way you get on/off your horse. As the machanics go i would even say the horse riding mechanics is better and easier to control in Black Desert Online comperred to The Witcher 3.The Sims part i mentioned above is focused on the houses. You choose a house to buy and place furniture and other things, and you even need to place a specific thing to cook or do alchemy. When you place objects in you house you need to enter ""place mode"" and when you do, you look top down and it's easy enough to place the object where you want.7/10"
,Recommended,582660,32242649,Posted: 7 June,all,Mechrophiliac,"Well worth the buy, you can turn off the notifications you receive in game by going to your settings and instead of hitting 'apply' you hit 'confirm' That aside I really enjoy the mechanics including hiring workers, buying residence and lodgings. Alongside beating monsters down and riding into the sunset on my majestic horse I named Steamed buns. I like to play Kunoichi and Wizard because of the cat ear hair template online 10/10regarding the anti-cheat... I don't care about my computer privacy, want to know why? Because I already know the FBI has seen my hard drive filled with loli hentai, my perverse fetishes and probably already has me on their ""lewd watch list"" therefore I no longer care about  anti-cheats. (Loli hentai is legal in my state, don't worry the FBI still can't touch me)"
,Recommended,582660,32148219,Posted: 3 June,all,Lydit,"I don't have much to say, I'm too busy playing the game.Probably one of the best mmorpgs of the decade, kind of makes me think of a grown up and matured Runescape.10/10"
,Recommended,582660,32406252,Posted: 14 June,all,Harambe,"Best $6 I spent on a MMORPG. Haven't stopped playing it since I bought it for $6. MONEY WELL SPENT. No p2w features, all about how much time you invest into your account. If you want eye candy you should get this game!"
76561198068906413,Recommended,582660,31984979,Posted: 26 May,all,ContraBit,I was hesitant to buy this game before it appeared on steam for a discounted price. So far I'd say it's worth a try for sure.Pros:Graphically looks amazingCombatOpen worldTradable cashshop itemsCons:Many features like node system can be confusingExpensive cashshopCool outfits locked behind cashshop
76561197961550162,Not Recommended,582660,32878987,Posted: 27 June,all,mEATBAG the GOD,"Couldn't even launch the game. Stuck on XIGNCODE3 screen. Ran steam without admin, increased UAC, uninstalled NVIDIA GeForce, Launched from Geforce, Closed non-essential programs one-by-one.Wanted to love it but a game should not be this difficult to play.1Gs in the chat. RIP in Peps."
76561197973830114,Recommended,582660,32749317,Posted: 24 June,all,Tyrone Watermelone,Spend hours creating perfect character.Spend hours leveling character to perfect fighter.Spend hours carrying eggs to be able to carry more eggs.Spend hours arguing about traps and Alienware computers.what more do you need
,Recommended,582660,32037108,Posted: 29 May,all,CampyDer,Pro:-  It is a nice game and nice gameplay-  The leveling aspect is just the beginning of the game-  Nice graphics-  Huge customizesation to your characterCons:-  I don't like the way the classes are set to male or female you can't change that-  combat till lvl 40-50 is easy and after that it does get challengingOverall i do like the game alot i alrddy spend 45 hours in it and look forward to make it more. I dont think it is like any other MMO i've seen so far it has realy unique style of fighting with each class. I got a level 50 striker and a witch of level 40~ which i like to play from time to time. Alo i would recomend unlocking nodes as it can be a very good income :)
,Recommended,582660,32660569,Posted: 22 June,all,AdubZ,"Nicest graphics I've seen in any MMO and lots of fun combat. This game is very pvp oriented though. There is alot of pve content but it gets a bit repetitive, although things like cooking and fishing and other crafts give the game lots of variety and keep me from getting bored or burned out."
,Not Recommended,582660,34095830,Posted: 7 August,all,New Butt Order,Won't even launch. Customer service just copies and pastes random articles and doesn't actually read the text of your tickets.
,Recommended,582660,33563814,Posted: 15 July,all,Storm@Tiltedgamers.com,"For anyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing about ""rootkit"" installs clearly dont know anything about software. Most modern day anti cheat systems are rootkits. Hello ESEA anyone? On the note of the actual game.I have been playing mmo's for over 10 years and i can confidently say BDO is one of if not the best MMO's ive ever played. From the amazing lively feeling combat to the vast amount of content that exists within the game. The developers did a very good job with the fact that they encourage and allow AFK lifeskilling so that you're never doing nothing and can always be progressing.Unfortunately this game is very RNG centric, and hours and hours of progress could go down the toilet should you have some bad luck but this can always be counteracted by just hard work and eventually it will pay off.MicrotransactionsPersonally i would not say this game is Pay to WIN per say because BDO is an mmo where no matter how much u pay someone who has not spent a penny could still be infinitely times better than you. However the things that you can pay for in the game ex/ Pets/Weight/Maids etc. Do have a significant benefit and advantage to the player who purchases them. But definitely not PAY TO WIN."
76561198000223194,Recommended,582660,32321581,Posted: 10 June,all,Majen Uub,"First things first... if you want to complain about anti cheat you can suck it!Black Desert Online or BDO as I have come to call it, is my newest addiction, so take this as what it is... a fanboy loving the game he is playing. I'm not gonna say that this game is perfect, because its not! This game is an open world, fantastically flawed, grind fest extrodinaire. To sum it up this game has everything that I would hope that most games are able to achieve , and made it bad and good at the same time. I love grinding and the completionist in me loves/hates all the side quests this game throws at you. The minion/worker bee's that seem endentured to serve me; as no other, constantly disappoint! Yet I still keep coming back and throwing endless streams of beer at them... as that is all they seem to consume.This game is not for everyone, but if you are craving an RPG that you can play with your friends, than this is your jam!"
,Recommended,582660,32321457,Posted: 10 June,all,SassySusie,"Great Game! So many things to do, endless hours of enjoyment :)"
76561198309054296,Recommended,582660,32117490,Posted: 1 June,all,kx_297,"This game is great!+ Graphically, it’s impressive.+ The world is dense and full of life, all while being large and interesting. Even in areas where enemy mobs don’t necessarily spawn, you can find wildlife like weasels, bears, and hogs along with numerous plants to collect.+ Combat is fun, interesting, and interactive. The classes feel different for the most part too. Just remember, things like the witch and wizard are basically carbon copies with different genders.<THEY DO HAVE SOME DIFFERECNES THOUGH, SO KEEP THAT IN MIND>+ There are a ton of areas to explore and numerous enemies to fight.+ You level up to 50 very fast, making progression to that point feel smooth and interesting.- The game can be hard to run for some due to its graphics. There is also a lot of UI clutter and tons of pop up notifications regarding various things at first. I recommend that anyone who downloads this game immediately toys with the UI to get it the way you want along with turning off some of the notifications. (New players really don’t need notifications regarding things sold on the auction house for four bajillion dollars, right?)- There is no fast travel to accompany the immense world. Instead, the game has an auto-path built in. You select a destination, hit default ‘T’, and you character will automatically run to that area. This can be somewhat tedious and can get a little boring, but at the same time you sometimes come across cool things on the trip to your selected location. This travel time can also be mitigated with horses.- Combat can be really confusing at first. Things aren’t really explained well, and a lot of learning your abilities and combos consist of sitting in a field of weak enemies and taking pot shots and doing target practice.- While there may be a TON of different enemies, combat overall doesn’t change much. It’s a whole lot of hack and slash.- You level up to 50 quickly. Like, there are guides on how to do it in a matter of hours. But after that! Whew, that’s something. That is where the true game comes in to play. Leveling past that can be one heck of a wall, so heads up.For the price you pay for the base game, it's totally worth it!A lot of people say it's pay to win, but it really isn't. It's pay for convenience. You pay for cosmetics, pets that pick-up loot for you, and things like that. Nothing that you 100% need or that will really aid you in things like PVP. This game also has no monthly subscription, which is cool.About the only thing that is somewhat irritating is inventory/weight/character slots. These are somewhat limited, and can be bought for real money.But!Keep in mind that inventory and weight limit can be increased in game for free, it just requires a little effort. As far as I know though, the only way to increase the character limit is through using loyalty points, which are rewarded for playing. This could actually take a LONG time. Though, the game gives you two slots right off the bat, and that should hold you off for a while.All in all, the game is really solid for $10. I spent some money on some things because I like to support the developers, but it really isn't NEEDED. I would for sure recommend this to anyone who is into large scale MMORPG's.~~NOTE~~My one really big complaint is that after level 50, the game becomes open PVP, which can be a problem when you start attempting to farm popular spots. Most guys seem nice in the sence of ""don't ♥♥♥♥ with me and I won't ♥♥♥♥ with you.""However, some purposely go out of their way to kill lower level/new people. But, hey, all games have their jerks, right?"
,Recommended,582660,32323123,Posted: 10 June,all,D4W1D,One of the best RPGs ive ever played. Combat system is phenomenal and so is the economy in this game. Definitely worth the buy.
,Recommended,582660,32096512,Posted: 31 May,all,JamoPak,I have yet to reach the desert
76561198067973340,Recommended,582660,31966152,Posted: 25 May,all,123,"Awesome game, very cheap and not Pay2win."
,Not Recommended,582660,34528302,Posted: 27 August,all,Genos,"I thought it would be good, cause a person recommend it to me, yeah then I bought it and only play alone and now I know it is a complete waste of money -,-Everytime you start the game it is full of bugs and that stuffalso it crashes everytime you play and if you prove it about errors everytime there are two. EVERYTIMEAchievments doesn't work and they don't do anything to fix thatSo if you have nobody to play with it a piece of sh*t and when you have someone you both can disscuss have stupid these bugs and glitches are..."
,Recommended,582660,35406695,Posted: 1 October,all,Pendoh,"Sometimes I wish there was a neutral vote. But, I do enjoy the game and only spent five dollars (which was buying the game) when it came out on steam.Peoples Complaint #1Many people are complaining about the grind which I looked up there is no current max level and the highest character ever seen was 62 and the xp gain increases dramatically to level to the next level. From level 1-56 it's pretty simple and takes approxmately less than a day if you are a hardcore gamer or like to go at a slow pace then probably a week to a month. But, from 57+ that is the main issue people are complaining about. The long term grinding. Looking at the whole game. When I press ""M"" you can see the whole map and the highest zone is 60. To be honest I do not see a real reason to be in a rush or get past 60. There is probably a reason why they slowed the process at 57 since it was so easy to level up from 1-56. They could of just made it equal and made it hard to level up from the very beginning then people would complain about that. Since, there is no indicated max level if people are really determined they can go as for as they want. They may have plans for more updates and increase the level gap and change the xp gain since the map itself is not fully reachable and there are invisable walls that block parts of the map that might be in future content. Plus, I have not obtained level 57 and one of my friends did this reaches the second complaint #2Complaint #2It makes more sense if you read complaint number 1. When my friend reached level 57 apparently the game changes and other level 57+ turns into a open world battlefield with other level 57+. You cannot fight in the safe zones like (Heidel). My friend keeps complaining getting attacked by random people when he reached that level. So, it puts this into question. If the game did not have that dramatic increase with combination of no max level and when people reached lvl 57 they will be more complaints. You'll end up seeing a hardcore gamer playing and reaching the highest he could a lvl 100 (depending how they reduced the xp bar and xp gain) You don't want some level 100 on your rear when you have no chance of taking him down. Since, there is this dramatic increase in xp you won't see many high levels and you are able to fight back. I rather be lvl 57 and fight a level 62 that I still have a chance with then a level 100 and get beat down.Plus, I'm that type of gamer that goes straight into a game that has my favorite tags listed on steam MMORPG, Open World, etc. Most of you seem to be like that too.If you go on the Black Desert Online Website and check their Q&A they list ""What’s the maximum level a player can achieve?There is no level capacity, but once a player reaches level 50 they may find it very difficult to gain additional levels.""They do give you warning. And you can tell its gonna be a grind with this quote from them""How does the leveling work?Rather than gaining experience points from quests like most MMORPGs, experience comes primarily from killing monsters. Quests give separate beneficial rewards.""I wasn't exactly sure when I wrote complaint number 2 so I looked into it a bit more and found a quote from the Q&A people keep complaining that it is ONLY PVE which is false I have seen youtube videos of people who aren't in duels go out and murder other people the same level as them. And another quote"" Can you do PvP in the open world?Yes. You will be able to kill or to be killed by other players in the open world.""Complaint #3Pay to win. I don't really see much of an advantage. I wanted to make sure so I signed in and looked through the pearl shop. There are outfits which you can buy off the marketplace they do give an xp boost but NOT an extreme effect like +10000 DAMAGE or something. Then there are pets which you can obtain through events and they pick up loot for you I already have a few from the events. Xp boosts which you can get from your dailies very easily. Character slots you can also get from loyalities you get daily, Mount parts to make your mount faster and tougher you can also buy at the marketplace. Basically, I'm saying you can earn everything if you put more time in it you don't have to spend another dime unless you are impatient.Most comments I have read basically is saying this isn't going my way and I don't like how its doing this i'm gonna write a bad review. Most games do get boring overtime when the pace is slow or when your repeating something. Of course you are gonna get that.But here is about the game this game isn't that bad. The graphics itself or outstanding, the combat is a bit sketchy when dueling others but in pve combat it works fine. There are plenty of classes you have the originals and some unique character choices. They are gender locked meaning the archer is a girl and cannot be a boy. This game is like a real life simulator in a fantasy world. What I mean here you can hire people in different towns to do stuff, build a guild house, own a home in most towns and decorate it. Get money daily like a job for how much reputation you have earned with the people, how much you have helped them, There are social aspects like roleplaying etc. I think this game is more slow paced but can be fast paced to if you want it to be. You can make boats and travel across the ocean, ride mounts into the sunset. Kill mobs because they fudged up your friend. Gank a bunch of players when they are taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥in the forest. There is story to the game and you can find lore hidden in buildings, caves, etc. Or take out your anger on every foe that comes near you. For five dollars it might be more after this, but for 5 dollars you can do a lot in this game.Anyway, I'm tired and it is late I may update this later and write more or completely forget about it either one. I hope you all enjoy the choices you make."
,Recommended,582660,32387315,Posted: 13 June,all,Tomo Ichigawa,"After passing 1300 hours on this game (Steam Version)I might understand how frustrated it is for this game at the start if you dont know anything about MMO. All i can say is you need to spend alot of  time on this game to get start and understand how the game is & combat ofc. Oh Yea dont forgot about the node & Worker System does this game provide you to get afk money or what you can call in the game as passive income that is what i find interesting since other mmo game dont rly have this options for you.. dont get me talking about lifeskillings. Lifeskilling is so good / you can get sharp & hard crystal for it without spending a single damn silver on the marketplace you just need somewhere to dumb your energy and ask for the RNG God to drop you those items.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------QuestingQuesting in this game does provide you some knowledge on the game , Contribution points , XP [ Sometimes ] Expension Slot [Main Quest], Or Sometimes you get gear on Main Quest line aswellquesting in this game does provide you these stuff but you gonna need to spend alot of time on questing aswell to get those damn contribution points for worker! or sometimes more energy so you can dumb energy to get gathering xp or get hard & sharp--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------WorkersWhat i already say here is worker empire in this game offer you alot of new stuff for you to think or even search up online where is the best place for you to get that most passive income from amount of that cp (contributions points) you spend on that node. Node Does Provide you items or what is call passive income in this game or you can just be a lazy guy and just cook all day long to change dishes to cp and yea more workers and more passive income.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------GrindingNow come the path way new people dont really like is this grind is a grindfest game for new mmo player out there you might think grinding is so cancer and why do i need to do it after i hit lv.56 or awakening already. what i can tell you is keep grinding and grinding just dont stop if you boring of grinding just go lifeskillings & Catch some horse do some exploring and 2-3 days come back again and grind and you will think to yourself this is way better then grinding nonstop but what i try to say is why you need to keep grinding? Yea, Why?Oh because all of the active income the most of it are from mobs that drop loot you get those sell it on marketplace or turn em in for those silvers to get better gear & Boss piece in the end------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Upgrading gearsOkay now come the funny bit. i dont understand why new players dont really like this enchanting system. For me personally i like this enchantment system i find it kinda interesting. You might get frustrated at first when you start to see those failstack coming higher and higher and yea i did get mad at the start aswell but now when i gonna need to upgrade my +17 to +18 i love to get fs higher and higher to get more chance to successful at the next time i upgrade my gear but of course everyone. Dont waste those fs.. always use it properlly------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Thanks for Reading :)Well gonna update this soon as i can do it ^^.if i got any typos dont mind me :/Tomo's Out :) [Taking a break due to school work]"
,Not Recommended,582660,32258644,Posted: 7 June,all,LostLacey,"The game would be halfway decent if you didn't lag, or disconnect all the time. Sometimes the game will work fine for hours, and then you just randomly DC. Then there are times when you login for the first time that day, and you cannot get out of your house the lag is so bad. The Devs should really put this as their focus, before they do anything else with the gam. But they probably won't."
,Not Recommended,582660,32272239,Posted: 8 June,all,Waifu Before Laifu,"Not only do they make you pay real money to change your character's look to anything but the default, they also install a rootkit onto your pc without you knowing."
76561197980000105,Not Recommended,582660,32271912,Posted: 8 June,all,Sirion,"Fast and fun combat, decent class variety, rng bases gear progression that for some could be frustrating but personally I just find it boring and time consuming."
,Not Recommended,582660,32262561,Posted: 8 June,all,Clown Bard,"If you live on the east coast, don't even bother. There is only one server located in San Jose, CA, which leads to massive ping problems. I'm getting around 250 ping AT BEST. The game seems interesting however and i'll probably come back once they decide to invest in servers in other locations."
76561198134822670,Recommended,582660,35073288,Posted: 19 September,all,Tron0413,"This game is really worth the 10 dollars, it may have flaws but what doesn'tThe graphics and combat are amazing and it has a lot of new things to bring to the tableHowever, this game does make you work for what you want, I spent 4 days alone logged in almost all day working ona fishing boat, but thats what is good about the game when you acomplish something you feel awesome that you did it9/10"
76561198197377757,Recommended,582660,35238352,Posted: 27 September,all,piff178,PROS:-Beautiful open world.-Probably the most intricate character creation system ever made.-Tons to do and even offers AFK play.-Thriving community although somewhat anti-social at times.-Fight system is pretty smooth.-All classes are pretty much balanced out.-Pay for convenience type of game rather than a pay to win type of game.CONS:-Open world is really big and takes a long time to get to places even via horseback.-This game is heavily gear dependant no matter what class you choose.-It's hard to make silver in the game to afford equips to be viable.-Enchancement system is eye-gougingly difficult.****-THIS GAME IS A CONSTANT GRIND.****TIP IF YOU CHOOSE TO PLAY THIS GAME: research and watch a lot of guide videos about this game because if you don't you'll be lost in the giant world of BDOIf you're looking for a game where once you hit max level things start getting easier then this is not the game for you. You will be constantly trying to make enough silver in this game to buy 1 equip that will probably last you through the whole game. I have a lot of hours in this game because I usually do things AFK in the game because once you hit 56 all you want to do is get your gear to be good enough to be viable. Before even playing this game is read/watched a lot of guides about it and it has been fun. This is the most time I've ever spent on a game tbh and I'm liking it.I repeat THIS GAME A CONSTANT GRIND. Once you hit 56 there's a soft cap till 60 and once your 60 it'll take hours even days to get 61. SO BE PREPARED TO TAKE TIME TO PLAY THIS GAME AND IF YOU'RE NOT DOWN TO DO IT.Then I highly recommend playing an easier game.
76561198061258856,Recommended,582660,32233847,Posted: 6 June,all,PICKLE RICK,Have No Idea what I'm doing but it's fun.
76561198193197083,Recommended,582660,33478644,Posted: 12 July,all,rafael.akkermans,"Hello everyone,I wanted to write a review about Black Desert Online because I like the game.+ First of all I like the beautiful graphics that are in the game, it almost feels like it could be real some time.+ I like the storyline+ Black Desert Online is pretty addicting xD+ I like it that there are all different kinds of cities/villages+ Only 10 Euro+ You can customize almost everything of your character and you will see if you do it right that you will look alike with your character!Those were all my good points about the game, now the bad points...- The game is 50GB to download- Every group of monsters/people always have the same kind of layout: they always have a few normal monsters, always a few mages, always a few better monsters, always a few kind of Berserkers and sometimes little monsters (babys/kids).This was my review about Black Desert Online,I like it really much and I would like to see even more people joining the game!"
,Recommended,582660,32091533,Posted: 31 May,all,Ash Crow,Traps are gay
,Recommended,582660,32011904,Posted: 27 May,all,TAKKOZ,"spended 72 mins creating my character, graphics are goood"
76561198324763837,Not Recommended,582660,32977648,Posted: 29 June,all,Dronefromsect7g,"It's a shiny, pretty, money trap.  Run while you still can!This is the first time I've found myself deeply regretting spending money on a steam game.  I keep trying to play this mess hoping to eventually feel like I've gotten my moneys worth (it keeps developing new launcher issues so the key word is trying)  but all I seem to be accomplishing is adding to my frustration."
76561198091825162,Recommended,582660,33465045,Posted: 11 July,all,Samsquanch,"I can't help but laugh when reading reviews from people with 200 hours or under, as that's not even enough time to scratch the surface on this game.This game is MASSIVE.  There are tons of things to do, and you can be one of the wealthiest players in the game without even picking up a weapon.There are ""nodes"" (Like resource hotspots) that you can assign NPC workers to gather for you,  then turn those resources into armor, food, potions, etc. to sell on the marketplace.Want to hunt whales? You can.  Want to slaughter innocent sheep? You can. Want to slaughter innocent players? You can do that too.   This game is one of the only TRUE sandbox MMOs I've ever played.------------------------PROS:1. Great customization right from the very beginning.  You can make your character look like Emma Watson or Michael Jackson - and everything in between.2. TONS of choices when it comes to playstyle.    You can roleplay (With houses you can go into and decorate, and others can go in and see your decorations), You can grind mobs to get loot,  You can boss(Limited atm), You can lifeskill for BILLIONS, etc etc.3. Guilds.   When you're in a guild, you're more of a mercenary.  You sign ""contracts"", and you get paid daily silver just for being apart of the guild.   If you participate in guild activities, such as guild missions (Kill 3000 of X monster, gather 1500 X resource) , the Guild Master can raise your daily pay, so you can be potentially making millions a day just from playing in a guild.    Guild Node Wars are also a ton of fun.  Your guild builds a base and fights other guilds that do the same.  If your guild fort dies, your guild is out of the node war.   Whoever wins (All other guilds dead), wins that node for the week, earning taxes for their guild fund.  (Which can be used to pay out to guild members, give passive upgrades to each member, guild mounts, etc.)4. Autopathing.  You can set a waypoint, hit the autopath button and afk until your character goes wherever you wanted him to.   Though be careful, as autopathing sometimes likes to lead you right into a wall.  It's not a perfect science.5. Special deals.  When grinding mobs in a party, there is a setting to send all items to the ""Special Deals"" section of the marketplace.  When someone buys your party's item from that section, the silver gets automatically split between the members of the party.  It's an amazing feature that will make your life a billion times easier.6. Huge world.   BDO's map is VERY large.  From Ocean to Desert, it takes quite awhile to cross the whole thing.  That being said will lead us right into my first con.------------------------Cons:1. No fast-travel.  I know this won't be a big deal for most, but for me it was a steep learning curve.   If you've played WoW or Runescape(Among other MMOs), you'll need to forget everything you know about portals and other teleports.  Black Desert has horses (Though very fast), but VERY minimal teleporting.  If you want to go to Pirate Island to grind, expect to be on a boat for around 10-15 minutes.2. RNG.   I. HATE. RNG.   This whole game is practically RNG.   Every aspect of upgrading gear is RNG and it's very frustrating.   RNGesus giveth and RNGesus taketh away.3. The marketplace.  Oooooooooh the marketplace.  ""Only the cheapest Item can be bought"" rings through your head as someone puts 2 Beer up on a 30 second bid for 1 silver less than the 100,000 already listed.   That partnered with the lack of VERY popular items makes it a pain to buy much of anything.4. No trading.  In this MMO, they took the most extreme precaution when it comes to stopping gold farmers.  You can only trade consumables between players, and when you do trade them, they become bound to your character, which means you can't even put them in storage.   If you already have friends playing,  don't expect freebies.5.  P2W.  This is a very controversial topic that divides most of the community.  You can buy outfits that give you bonus combat experience, outfits that make lifeskilling a breeze, items that allow you to repair things for half cost, maids that can access the storage/marketplace from practically anywhere,  near-infinite weight/inventory space for non-stop grinding, etc.    The more IRL money you spend, the easier the game will be.   Pearl-Shop items CAN be bought and sold on the Marketplace,  so there is a SLIGHT possibility to get these items without spending a dime. You'll be competing against probably 50,000 other players for that one item.6. Repetitive.  The things you do day 1 is the exact same thing you do day 3,500.  Grind.   Sure, there are some high-level only areas/content, but it's pretty limited at this time.  Keep in mind that this MMO is VERY young.7.♥♥♥♥♥holes.  I'd say this is pretty self explanatory.   You can knock people off horses by turning on PvP and charging them, which means someone can stop your cross-map autopath while you're making a sandwich.  You have people that will kill you for no reason, steal your mobs, etc.   Pretty much all of this can be handled by having a strong PvP guild, though.  No one wants to mess with someone in a top-20 guild.8. Not much gear customization without paying IRL $.   Expect your female characters to look like bag-ladies unless you drop $35 on a premium outfit.   There is very minimal gear customization.  You can dye the basic gear, but it doesn't really help much.9. Server issues.   Black Desert Online was released to Steam before their servers could handle it.  Steam players play on the exact same servers as client players, so there are TONS of people everywhere.  At peak times, it's not uncommon to have a 4-5 second delay on looting.---------------I'm sure that i'm missing plenty of Pros - Cons,  but I think I hit the majority of the basic features/issues.  This game gets patched very frequently so I'm hoping alot of the issues get ironed out."
76561198108852356,Recommended,582660,33327702,Posted: 6 July,all,DerpyDani,This game is amazing
,Recommended,582660,32035582,Posted: 28 May,all,AnusNipples,Reeeeaaalllly high learning curve but a fun experience learning as you go. Good community too.
,Recommended,582660,31950899,Posted: 25 May,all,Karma,Definitely one of the best games that i have ever playedMy PERSONAL cons1. Under 60 FPS in some places with 1920x1080 Max settings (gtx 1080 i7 32gb ram etc.)2. Soon as you hit lvl 50 everyone can kill you in non safe zones aka open world pvp.3. Marketplace every item that you can list at marketplace has max and min price.4. Enchanting system--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Graphics 10/10Combat system 10/10Guests 10/10Overall 10/10This is perfect review of the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3r0sswD7BM&feature=share
,Recommended,582660,31955202,Posted: 25 May,all,Sineath,"Definitely worth a play. Most people seem to have compatibility, spec, or just straight confusion when playing this game. It's not an easy game, and it's endless on the things you can do. Don't play this game with the mindset of end game, it will burn you out. It's very cheap and thus allowing you to buy a few convenient items, which I recommend pets which are the only thing that is close to pay to win since they help pick items up off enemies you kill. Other then that, it's safe to say I quite enjoy this game with over 3000 hours played before BDO came out on steam. Not recommended for people who want stuff given to them, cause it's not happening, man up people.https://youtu.be/teiEQPAPE1s^ This guy can explain it further and into detail if anyone is interested or requires further explanation."
,Recommended,582660,31956061,Posted: 25 May,all,Shaxx,No issues with performance however I can't seem to change my pop in distance so everything can only be seen for like 100m. Might just be my chip dying but its really fun! I bought the Travelers Package. Very good value. The horse is cool and now named Butt_Stallion and my character has pink hair. Also I have a pug. Worth buy for best experience. Also go to the redeem tab in the menu to get your items then go to mail. People seem to enpt to go do that.
76561198070060880,Recommended,582660,35239296,Posted: 27 September,all,lil greasy,"I dropped 5 dollars on steam sale.  Cancelled my other MMO subs.The game is like an ancient tome you found at a used bookstore & made the mistake of reading.Once you get reading you are not going to put it down but that is mainly because this tome never ends.This is truly a unique vast world of luck & chance.  With the need to take big risks to progress. The customization of characters is probably the best in any game.  You can literally make the person you want.The world is gargantuan.  Even I haven't seen it all at this time & I love to explore.  This game is rife with conflict with wars, battles, skrimishes all played out on a massive scale.  PvP is just amazing.  So fast & brutal.  Very little error & no forgiveness when you make mistakes.One of the most intriguing/enjoyable/engrossing games I have played.  For a 5 dolla fill up box price tag with no monthly fee.  This MMO compared to other MMOs - pretty much comparing the ocean to a kiddie pool.  There isn't a Nine Shark in the kiddie pool."
,Not Recommended,582660,35194998,Posted: 24 September,all,Dime,"Community revolves around spitting out bad 20 year old meme's about traps and futa.  Cute 20 years ago when it may have been able to get a rise out of someone now tiresome, stale, and not worth the time to play a multiplayer game in.Oh, and if you make a costume for yourself, it's another $15 to use it."
76561198099469475,Recommended,582660,32860103,Posted: 27 June,all,Neopolitiancottoncandy,Its great with action packed gameplay and the reason for the game...Fishing.
76561198260687185,Recommended,582660,31968855,Posted: 26 May,all,Aceblade,Good game!
,Recommended,582660,31949975,Posted: 25 May,all,Zastier,"Long story short, Black Desert is going to provide you with a decent amount of entertainment with its captivating world and action packed combat. Advice about the game, do not try to compete with top players or keep up with the rest. Play it at your own pace, and experience what you find the most fun.The WorldBlack Desert Online has flat out the best world I have seen in an MMORPG and one of the best I have experienced in gaming overall. Its massive, filled to the seems with content and on top of that it's beautifully crafted. Exploration is a big part of the game, and a lot of it's systems depend on it. Through exploration you gain knowledge of each place you visit, each person you talk to, and each enemy you kill. This knowledge can be used to unlock special items and stores from merchants, getting new quests from some NPCs, and increasing your energy pool (more about that later).On top of the gameplay incentives however, the world is masterfully crafted and it is clear effort was put into it's design. It might not be as fantastical as you'd want (although more regions are coming) but it is detailed and most importantly, it feels alive. With NPCs walking around the roads, workers working at the different nodes, and characters just having casual chatter around the place the place is definitely worth exploring.A big part of the world in Black Desert is the Node system, which is the integral component for a lot of gameplay in the game. The world is made out of multiple nodes of different types. Firstly, there are settlement nodes, which allow you to purchase housing to use for both personal use, as well as for multiple crafting workshops and warehouses. The second node type you will need to care about is resource nodes, which are where workers can be sent to gather a resource. In order to send a worker to a node, you need to invest into each node connecting the settlement node with the resource node. The worker will then have to walk from the settlement to the resource node, spend some time gathering and return before you receive any resources.In addition to gathering and crafting, nodes are also used to trade. Trading involved buying resources from one node, and selling them at another, trying to maximise your time traveled with the profit. You can also craft items to trade.The StoryThis is an interesting one, as I personally find the world of Black Desert to be captivating, and the lore to be quite interesting. That being said, the english translation is sub-par at best. I would not be able to tell you how the script is in the Korean version, but in the English its filled with awkward dialougue and pretty bad voice acting. However, if you can get past the less than ideal translation, the story of Black Desert is one that is definitely worth a follow.The GameplayI like to divide the gameplay in Black Desert into 3 distinct categories:PvPGrindingLife SkillingEarly on, what you are most likely doing is questing, which involves talking to a bunch of NPCs and grinding the enemies they tell you to grind until an objective is crossed off. For most, this will probably be where most of the time is spent, killing enemies to level. Up until level 50, you will be guided by quests, after which you will be given a more free reign of where to go and how to level (technically you can do that from the start, but you need to do a story quest to be able to get to 50). After you reach 50 is where the game properly begins. You will probably want to find a party in order to be able to abuse high level grind spots without being killed on sight. In addition to grinding trash mobs scattered across the world, you will also be able to grind bosses from scrolls and the variety of open world bosses living in the world. Those will drop armour, and resources used to progress through the game.As a reward for your time spent grinding, you will be able to take part in open world PvP (starting at level 45). The open world PvP system, in my opinion, is nothing but a method for making the life of other's around you a pain. There is no penalty for dying in open world PvP, and nothing you really gain from killing someone. (What I believe to be) The main use of open world PvP in Black Desert is to take dominance over other players who might want to grind in the area and scare them off. In addition to open world PvP however, there are a few structured PvP types in the game. Node Wars, Guild Wars, Castle Sieges, and the Red Battlefield. Those are incredibly fun (while kinda meaningless) activities you can partake in. Firstly, the Red Battlefield, which is your standard red vs blue PvP arena where you try to kill as much enemy units as possible, and get rewarded quite well for being successful at it. The other 3 are all part of guild activities, which is where the gameplay meat of the game lies. Guilds can compete over nodes and castles to take control of the territory. After they do so, the guild will receive tax income from the region and their guild banner will be displayed across the node affected.Lastly, Life Skilling is your main meat of PvE in the game. This includes everything from gathering to trading. The game offers a variety of life skills which can be levelled by taking part in activies bound to the skill. And here is where the knowledge gained via exploration comes into play. For each knowldge group you complete, you gain extra max energy, and energy is used to do most life skill actvities. These activities are closely related to the node system and will let you craft a variety of items.The main issue I have with the game lies here. All of this is great, however player interaction is heavily limited. You are not allowed to trade items with other players and only specific items can be sold on the marketplace. In addition to that, there is little impact players can have on the world, which might be alright to some, makes the game stale to others. Especially when the game has so much potential for emegence but is limited beyond what is necessary. For example, items sold on the marketplace HAVE to be sold within a certain price range determined by an algorithm.The Gear ProgressionThe progression in the game mostly involves RNG. Your main means of progression will be grinding for black stones and putting it into best in slot gear in hopes the gear will level. There is some nuance to this, like fail stacks (where each failure increases the chance of success) but it is ultimately RNG.QuestingThis is a weird one, quests in this game feel mostly uninspired, however I am not against them. The thing I hate most about MMOs is making quests completely unrelated to the game's mechanics. For example, making your game filled with quests about interacting with contexual prompts that only exist for that quest, and that quest alone. This game does not do that. Each quest will have you abuse one of the game mechanics, whether its crafting, gathering, trading or killing enemies. Quests also do not give you XP, instead they give contribution points which are used to invest into nodes and rentable items from certain NPCs. Personally, I like the questing here. After level 50 they are not required to play, but provide incentives of their own which is nice.Cash Shop (AKA the obligatory Pay to Win mention)Yes, the game does have Pay to Win elements, anybody saying otherwise is either too busy fanboying or has a warped definition of what Pay to Win is. There are items on the cash shop that are pretty much necessary to play. You can definitely do without them, but the boosts they provide are so big that not getting them will probably leave you behind. It's stuff like underwear to raise luck, or pets that pick up drops, or extra character slots that can add to your passive daily silver gain. Do they stop your enjoyment of the game? No, but they are incredibly helpful items."
76561198066911836,Recommended,582660,31958933,Posted: 25 May,all,Sh1mu,Love it!
,Recommended,582660,32027116,Posted: 28 May,all,JJACO,Really enjoyable I recommend this to people who like games like WOW or MMO games
76561198023644765,Recommended,582660,32087620,Posted: 31 May,all,Robo Bitch,As good as sex with nan
,Not Recommended,582660,34572006,Posted: 29 August,all,Slowsodium,"PVP is really poor, as you have to be loaded with gear in order to do anything. Graphics are pretty nice, but you have to have a beast PC for the game to run smoothly at 60 FPS. I was getting drops below 20 FPS on my GeForce GTX 970, with an Intel core I7 processor. Customisation is pretty good, though."
76561198010786164,Not Recommended,582660,35365404,Posted: 30 September,all,Trapper Keeper,"Has a fun combat system, but every single facet of the game is marred by the greed of Kakao.It has every terrible problem every terrible korean mmo has. Zero support, cash shop everything, unbelievable grind, and pay2win advantage.Avoid."
76561198245863842,Recommended,582660,35284339,Posted: 28 September,all,DarkNyte,"A Great Game, i've been playing it a lot through the Holidays and have put some Hours in to it. My Family also enjoy it and have their own Characters (they say it was a great choice of Game from  my Steam card) I hope anyone else enjoys it as much as me and i'll defineately recommend it to anyone, (non-RPG or RPG Veterains) and just at a small note may you please not have us pay for pets and things in game, even though we've already Purchased the Game! but other than that an Amazing Game!! (would recommend [again])Graphics:9/10Gameplay:10/10Sound:9/10Overall:11/10"
,Recommended,582660,35057474,Posted: 18 September,all,removed_due_to_inactivity,What a fun/useless grinding gameI just turn on my jams and grind all day
,Recommended,582660,34922594,Posted: 13 September,all,Groinhammer,"Great game, but as a completionist, I refuse to continue to play this grind-fest until I can get my achievements. FIX STEAM ACHIEVEMENTS! PLEASE! THIS IS ALL I WANT!!!"
,Recommended,582660,35060773,Posted: 19 September,all,SuperDuperYoungMan,"Easily the best looking game ever. But everyone knows that... half the people who have it bought it for its character creation and it's stunning visuals. Also has boob physics which made it sell like hot cakes. This game is slightly confusing. Hard for me to figure out where things are I don't know what's going on half the time and most of the games systems are too confusing to jump on and piece together. It's a game that takes a lot of dedication, time, and patience otherwise you will not enjoy it. Hard to rush anything as far as I know and hard to learn systems. But I like a good challenge so this game is perfect for me."
76561198166406295,Not Recommended,582660,33147665,Posted: 2 July,all,Vila,"Looks great but looks don't hide the lack of content, Map's huge but that doesn't mean anything if it's repeative.It's too easy, I got a level 50 character in the few hours I played, The quests are ""Go over there and punch those buildings and creatures then come back for xp"" I'm not sure what's motivating my character I feel like a glorified delivery boi. Trying to go to a higher level area or even an area that's 2 levels above you, you will get a warning that says ""Run you fool you can't handle such a difficult opponint""  well I did, and the AI doesn't even hunt you down, running through an enemy camp is actually a viable short cut cause you have to be in there face for them to target you, it's like playing a game with a bunch of elementry kids and you're a freshman in college it doesn't matter how hard the kids push... You will not fall.Can be fun If you enjoy the grind for really nothing, but still If you are looking for an mmo rpg to get that would be easy to get your friends into this will not be it."
76561198341810382,Recommended,582660,32294443,Posted: 9 June,all,W1ck3d,Great Game!
76561198347392284,Recommended,582660,31950018,Posted: 25 May,all,Akinola,So far this game is amazing i dont really play mmos but i love this one i will keep playing and keep you updated btw if any one has a guild hit my line.update: GAME IS F*CKING AMAZING I LOVE IT IM PLANING TO PUT HUNDREDS OF HOURS MAY BE THOUSANDS THE LERNING IS STEEP BUT IT IS WORK EVERY MINUTE FOR $6  THIS GAME IS WORTH WAAY MORE THAN $6 DOLLARS BUY IT NOW GET INTO BDO YOU WONT REGRET IT NOW BUY IT 10 IS TO LOW TO
,Recommended,582660,34167001,Posted: 11 August,all,combatplayer,"TLDR: It's aight..lots of things to do, classes make a huge difference in how the game feels. think combats boring? try another class.gear has no level restriction, money rules all.can make money doing whatever you want.a lot of the game can be played either actively or idely.do you like random numbers and chance? youll love this game, everything has an element of chance to it.The chat is full of cancer and terrible memes, the community is actually pretty good behind that gross facade though.past level 50 anyone can kill you if they feel like it, and it happens sometimes. not for people with anger issues, fine for casuals though.I'm addicted, running a guild, found entirely new social circle, good stuff. an MMO after my heart with some lackluster ellements here and there. like limited trading, locked prices in marketplace and similar things.game is not pay to win, but it's pay for convenience. paying people can get percentage boosts to most aspects of the game, but they cant buy straight levels or gear or anything of the sort. store items can be sold for ingame money but the rate is so bad that only people with more money than sense will do so.on my pay to win scale i give it 4/10, where 10 is ""completely unplayably p2w."" and 0 is ""you couldnt spend your money on this if you wanted to""considder the item known as a ""value pack"" an optional subscription, it gives many benefits."
76561198050497422,Not Recommended,582660,35132391,Posted: 22 September,all,MarrowEight,this game takes 6 months to get decent gearif you have no life and play 20 hours aday this game is for you
76561198073259665,Not Recommended,582660,32186388,Posted: 4 June,all,Dog8myHW,"Dont mind if this anti cheat swipes all my data, but going through my HDD and stealing my minecraft skins?!Skynet is born"
,Not Recommended,582660,35376638,Posted: 1 October,all,Lobstersaurus,"This game could've been so much more, it's a great game to play.If only you are able to get over it's flaws, which I can't... I say, play it, and give it a try.....JUST ♥♥♥♥ING TRY IT....I don't like it, but everyone should give it at least a try."
76561198155517000,Recommended,582660,31980106,Posted: 26 May,all,Salvyar,fun game - lol -
,Not Recommended,582660,34285763,Posted: 16 August,all,Loafus Crambuckle,Actual garbage as of this review.
76561198314165513,Recommended,582660,31942983,Posted: 24 May,all,epithreturn,BEST GAME EVER
76561198022878761,Recommended,582660,31949585,Posted: 25 May,all,sp79,Love the combat system and sick complexity of the game :D Dont skip any quests that reward inventory space! =)
,Not Recommended,582660,35308599,Posted: 29 September,all,LeVerox,"It should be a free to play because of how grindy it is, not worth it."
76561198035452098,Not Recommended,582660,32258852,Posted: 7 June,all,KryonTrevahr,"Excited for an official release and I recieve this farce.The game is beautiful as far as I can tell, but character creation is as far as I can get before the game closes itself.It claims that my system is vulnerable and I need to follow the link for more info. The link brought me to an empty page. When I diagnosed the connection the server rejected my request. So I could obtain no official information on this. I understand cheats are an issue, but this registry editing goes beyond the standard of most games. Granted, I did not read the EULA as thoroughly as I should've, but this is extensive invasion which cannot be taken lightly.Never have I had such dissappointment in purchasing a game since no man's sky."
76561198045599568,Recommended,582660,35019285,Posted: 17 September,all,Raig,"I think the most telling statement about this game is that many reviewers have put hundreds of hours into this game, and, in the end, leave a negative review.I believe Black Desert Online is good at what it set out to do:Exploration is excellent. Movement alone feels satisfying, and one can jump, climb, swim, or even backflip through some majorly appealing scenery. Nothing quite beats the feel of Spanish Guitar opening up through your speakers as you race through the badlands and into the desert on the way to find some rumored location. Learning things by talking to npcs, reading books, and finding locations is well rewarded through leveling up energy, which is useful in a variety of tasks.Roleplaying is pretty darn good as well. Higher levels of play almost always lead to guilds, where it is easy to find a community that shares your interests. Character looks are highly customizable. The wide array of useful lifeskills allow a player to engage in the world in meaningful ways outside of combat. The property system made me feel very attached to certain cities, while quests gave me insight into the lore of the land and its people.However, this game does falter in a major way, and I think it is end game content. While player-driven content such as guild conquest sounds impressive, the successes in this game are temporary at best. Achievement ends up hiding behind long grinds, and becomes less and less satisfying as you realize you do not have incredibly much to use the power on.Do I think this means you should not get this game?No. I think this is very well worth the price point.I've played 73 hours in this game at the time of writing this, and while I can see the end will come sooner or later, I know there is a lot I still want to do. Even if all there was to do was explore and talk to people, I still think it would be worth ten dollars. Perhaps do not  plan on investing all of your time in this game, like in other mmos, or investing much, if anything, in the real-currency shop. If you do, you might end up feeling cheated, as I think others have here, when you reach the top and it ends before you thought it would.Plus, there is always coming back later for free content patches.Buy it, temper your expectations of content, and explore."
76561198078245945,Recommended,582660,32401351,Posted: 13 June,all,(TFC)~Banana Ketchup,after playing 100 hrs . i start working on my first row boat . Awesome game
,Not Recommended,582660,32531131,Posted: 18 June,all,Thaumasurge,"Positives:The flexibility of character model creation is second to none.Combat is similar to that of fighting games, very lucrative toward combo chainingLarge amounts of knowledge and lore presented in a way that feels natural rather than forcedNegatives:Interface has too many notifications and required a large number of them to be disabled for clarity and focusInterface for simple tasks such as mounts, banking, and auctioning are cluttered and overwhelming for new playersArchaic skill point distribution that provides only minor increases in stats instead of modern-MMO ""talent choices""Boss enemies requiring multiple kills to see Health Values doesn't make senseEarly-level enemies teach you simply to spam your abilities rather than watch for timings to properly counter/blockWhat put me off this game was that I have had countless hours with other games of the MMO genre and as a result, things that I would consider to be standards of that genre when it comes to interface, questing presentation, and the enticement to play with others are not here.Black Desert Online would be a wonderful game on its own, if the MMO aspects and multiplayer were removed. The design and presentation of what makes the game an MMO experience is simply not polished enough in its current form and is unsettling to a veteran of the genre. Many other games of the same genre simply do the fundamentals of ""multiplayer online"" better.For those that seek an interesting story experience and don't mind the MMO aspects being significantly weaker, this game can be a great experience. But those who are seeking something better than the MMOs they were playing previously will be put off by the weaker fundamentals of the genre.Overall, I do not recommend this game for the demographic that every MMO seeks - those who want to play something better than what they already do."
,Not Recommended,582660,35325962,Posted: 30 September,all,Lars,"I only have a few hours in this game, but I think that's enough. This is the most souless game I've ever played.The graphics are fantastic, but nothing has character. It's just cookie cutter souless flash. You are lead through the starting phases by some bizarre black fart with eyes and teeth that honks at you, with no coherant storyline. They would have done better to just skip the forced dialog entirely and told you to do this and then that, rather than trying to tack some pathetic attempt at a cheap story and make you read it.The combat looks cool, but that's about it. It just seems like a cheap novelty that would get old fast and already did in my short time playing. Grinding consists of 1 shotting as many mobs as you can in a single strike."
,Recommended,582660,32046105,Posted: 29 May,all,tjvooyas,"If you like MMOs where the only way to gain levels is grind, like Lineage 2, Kal Online, Silk Road - this is the perfect game for you. You will never get bored in game - beacuase this game offers endless numbers of activities. I've spent 200h+ in game and I know that I will spend a lot more. Talking about P2W about this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. There is no such thing. I recommend this game for every mmorpg player (except casuals) :)"
76561197984076325,Not Recommended,582660,32098277,Posted: 31 May,all,Rusko,"Do you like to play Monopoly ? If so, this game might be for you ! If you dont, stay as far from this game as possible !The whole goal of the game seems to be collecting money, so you can invest in ""nodes"" so you get more money so you can invest some more.Sure there is ""fighting"" monsters kind of PvE but its so stupid easy that its actually sad. After asking around in game, i was told that PvE is only to no-brain grind monsters so you can get MORE MONEY. I managed to drag myself to level 22 and i didnt take a single hit from any monster. Yes the combat is -that- easy ! i had hundreds of health potions from the quests, which i could sell to get MONEY. So yay i guess ?I guess there are some really tricky combo hits, but i didnt see any reason to have those, as the monsters died in 1-2 normal hits.There are no dungeons or anything similar so bringing friends to this game is really bad idea, cause it makes the already trivial threat of the monsters, non-existent.There are loads of professions, i didnt touch those. After a google search there seems to be a ton of recipes for many things, i cant even imagine why. Cause the lvl 1 sword was enough to breeze me through to lvl 22. I guess if you Roleplay, you might enjoy the slightly salted fried bass or honey dipped apple slices.. they have no other use.There is also fishing. You can fish while afk. When you start fishing, you can put the game "" On the tray "" and go play something better while you collect fish which you can sell for money. The game tells you that it uses minimal resources while on the tray, but you must stay logged in.And the worst thing of the game. It even WALKS FOR YOU. You can just right click on the map and go play something else while your character walks to the spot you marked.So overall its an mmo version of Cookie Clicker, collect gold while playing something better.-3 out of 10. If you want to lose a friend, gift them this !"
76561198070259797,Not Recommended,582660,32098063,Posted: 31 May,all,nalkeshec,"If you have no issue with nearly constant connection issues, potentially computer crashing bugs, barely loading characters/figures, then you might enjoy this. I've barely played because of these, but the game's graphics are still nice. When I'm able to see them at least."
,Not Recommended,582660,34760337,Posted: 5 September,all,Xelior *Le Suisse*,"Black Desert Online is a fun experience and the combat system is superb for a mmorpg. I would even say the combat system is a major hook of interest in this game for many players. The games got many defaults we may accept for a time to deal with thanks to the really fun combat and some specific Black Desert Online's charms like life skilling. The game got a potential.However, people running the game are taking some questionable decision. Either the developer or the publishers are giving a shape to the game that is slowly disgusting me. You can feel they're trying to push P2W into the game, you can feel they're intentionally limiting the game experience to make it a burden so you go through their shop to buy with real money items that will ease your experience.You can live without their shop items for a while if you want, but your experience will be massively slowed. Don't even think playing the game in the long term without buying pets. I like to describe it like this: imagine a normal expected experience and cut it down to make you rely/want to use the shop to make your life easier.The amount of absurd grind and deception you'll find in this game made me loose fun and interest. There's a lot of funy things by concept, but implemented in a marketing strategy. Deception is expected. The market system is in a really bad shape, the enhancement procedures will make you raise your hairs, and so on. You're playing to make grind and overcome deception. Where's the fun at? PVP? Yeah, but no. If you want to PVP you gotta get a decent gear you'll get after months and months of hard playing. Don't even expect enjoying fair PVP with a fresh new account. Without getting in more details, PVP is badly lacking in design for a game advertised as a PVP game as its root.There's a lot to say. I will finish by saying there's big problems of communication between US/EU communities, publisher Kakao and developer Pearl Abyss. Don't expect Kako to fix things, thy're just here to mindlessy distribuate what Pearl Abyss decided to give us despite we're in a totally different market than in Asia. Kako is powerless in game fixing and modification, they're here to suck your money. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong in trying to make money. I've paid some items and I would be glad to give them some money. But the way they do it and the  direction they take is not the good one to me.I'm off the boat. The game is worth experiencing because it brings cool concepts in a mmorpg, but at its current state there's chance you'll probably not enjoy what is waiting you once you reach the end of the beginner experience."
76561198086130943,Not Recommended,582660,31997896,Posted: 27 May,all,Tyfrin,"Not sandbox, but rng-carried open-pvp-asia-grinderFirst of all:This is not a sandbox game!Since you can choose in which way you spend your time in this game (crafting, grinding, PvP, maybe even some RP), the gameplay itself is strictly set like every other MMORPG out there. There is nothing, which makes this game more sandboxlike than all the others.It is in fact an almosttypical korean grinderwithopen PVP-feature (!) later in the game. And it recently turned out, thatexploiters have nothing to fear in this game!(Sidenote: I played this game for more than half a year already)PROS:dynamic battlesystemgreat graphics, landscapes, weathereffectsvery good chareditordifferent playstyles possible: grinding, lifeskills, PvP, RPadditional nodesystem for crafting, gathering, trading and even for PvPsome shopitems can be purchased via daily login currency (loyalities)shopitems can be traded via marketplacenot very much stuff which break immersion (no cheerleader uniforms or robot-pets)very easy start up, because of very much events and rewardsvery much to explore and gained knowledge provides some benefits (energy, titles, achievements, better damage on mobs)CONTRAS:exploiters are just ignored and never punishedvery many RNG-factors through the whole gameplay (enchanting, marketplace, breeding, events)hidden stats - almost any relevant information stay in their ninja-mode, so you need tobelievein thingsnot really balanced classes, some will always be easier and cheaper in almsot all aspects of the game, with less effort and less skill necessaryno direct trade between players (only via marketplace)no real parcours system functionalsupport lacks so much in this gamethe community is the worst ever noticed - unfriendly, aggressive, egoistic, trollingbugs stay bugs for a very long time, unless they are related to the shopvery high prices for shoponly items (about 30€ for a costume, which only one character can wear afterwards)genderlocked classesthe point at which ""progress"" becomes ""much slower progress"" is way to hard, should be smootherno holy trinity - every class is a damage dealerawakening often changes the playstyle of a class - ranged damage dealer gets melee and vice versaawakening makes the pre-awakening skills and gameplay unimportantwhole areas are just there to be there, without any meaning or background storyThe big points of this game are indeed it's presentation and the battlesystem.The charactereditor is great and you spend much time just to watch all the players' made presets - or even build your own and share it with the community. Even later on you can adjust your character's look (with a shopwise purchaseable Value Pack though).The world's background story is not very unique and on top of that even unimportant. Questtexts are not really inspiring, so they cut of very much of immersion. The whole stories aren't really cared about, so you learn just to ignore about them. There are no really epic storylines or impacts. But all those ruins, areas and locations are designed with much of devotion. Some players are just roleplaying in immersion, which is a great bonus for a nowaday MMORPG.The battlesystem is one of the greatest in terms of MMORPGs. You liked TERA? You will love Black Desert. Hit skills' combos, get into flows and learn rotations depending on which kind of enemy you fight against. Your movement keys and some action keys are about to be triggered in the right time and the right order to get the best skills casted and you don't just tab trough enemys - you have to aim right to be effective.It sounds and feels like a fighting game.The socalled ""parcours system"" instead is a merely joke. It is in fact possible to climb on crates, roofs and rocks, but without really a function or purpose. And on top of that, it isn't functioning properly, which means: not truly implemented.Actually you can choose between 14 (genderlocked) classes. Some may be similar, but each has it's very own playstyle at least when hit the awakening ground with level 56.The levelprocess starts very fast, but after lv 56 it will be much slower. Player call this a softcap, which is not, but a diminishing progress.So here the game shows it's true nature of an asia-grinder with very big content-gaps. Much areas which are literally empty and seemingly unfinished. The great ""Black Desert"" isn't even a very dark location at all, it is just a hot, debuffing place, with few mobspawns and random occuring entrances to the only two high-level-dungeons underground.One of the other aspects are the socalled lifeskills, which contain all the kind of crafting and gathering methods. Most of them are done almost afk, while the client has to be online - the true nature of a korean internet-cafe-based-issue.But it also motivates: Catch you very own wild horse, level it and then breed it to have a chance of a better one (higher tier).Or trade items between NPCs to improve in trading, which generates more money per trade.Build ships, weapons, armors.Craft potions, meals or even own tradeitems.You can spent socalled ""contributions points"" (earned through quests or crafting) in explored nodes to let hired npcs gather ressources, while you're doing other stuff. Also to unlock crafting buildings or storageplaces in towns. They work as a kind of action-points on the worldmap to unlock a net of nodes for more profitable trade- oder gather-routes.There is much to do in Black Desert online, very much to grind your time with.But be aware!:The community of BDO is one of the harshest ever witnessed before. You have to learn to ""git gut"" without any help ingame so far.Also you often have to fight your ground while questing, grinding or even just running by. Fishermen who are fishing afk outside safezones are slaughtered, even if you do nothing but ride your horse.You have to deal with PKs, trolls, exploiters, griefers and insults very often.And you have to deal with very much frustrating RNG-factors. On top of it: the enchanting system."
76561198024920171,Recommended,582660,32011569,Posted: 27 May,all,Brakkish,"Beautiful, unique action MMO.Starts off great with a very nice character creation system, and moves quickly into the action with a fast-paced, if somewhat strange, tutorial. The game is dense and gorgeous, and doesn't quite feel like any other mmo I've ever played.On the downside, the pricey, convenience-heavy cash shop seems like something that belongs in a free-to-play game.Still, the entry fee is low enough that I'd recommend it for anyone interested in a novel mmo experience."
,Recommended,582660,32051218,Posted: 29 May,all,Ash,"Where to start..BDO is overwhelming in the best way. I've never played an MMO with such possibilities for a character. It's got all the standard bells and whistles of a MMO: main quests, side quests, areas to explore, mobs, guilds, mounts, pets. It has NPC interaction and relationship building with NPCs, which effects a lot of things. It has ""knowledge"" - as you explore the world, talk to NPCs, participate in combat or life skills it gives you more knowledge and makes things easier. Life skills are incredible; one life skill alone can take up 100% of your game time if you so choose.For example - I train, level, and breed horses. My goal is to get a pair or two of Level 30 Tier 8 horses. Ambitious. The process is delightfully complicated and grindy at times but is extremely fun for me. This is almost all I do on BDO, ever.The combat is amazing. I'm not terribly impressed with the skill system but it's fine. The world is enormous and varied, you will never get bored of exploring. You can make great money by fishing AFK (and some other AFK activities) without any skill or dedication, and you can make extremely good money fishing with more dedication. Learn how to craft a fishing boat and hunt down a whale. Trust me, that takes a lot of time. But so fun! Or focus completely on combat and level to 52/53, join a guild for some wars, or go for PvP.A negative for me though is that this game is a huge drain on system resources. My PC is laggy on ultra low settings but my PC kinda sucks. The graphics are insane, the game is so beautiful even on my ultra low settings.Like I said before, it can be very overwhelming at times. There is just so much to do and learn. Take your time, have fun. It's gonna be the best money you ever spent on an MMO. Guarantee it. (It's a one-time fee! No monthly fees!)"
,Recommended,582660,32051229,Posted: 29 May,all,ctrlaltdope,Combat and Confusing Quests. I like it.
76561198045300740,Recommended,582660,32052734,Posted: 29 May,all,Kermit,Got off my horse and it flew into the wall and disappeared.10/10 I haven't seen my family in days
76561198160335383,Recommended,582660,32053839,Posted: 29 May,all,chuhai95,"3 severs for fishing only, please! Overwhelming amount of players online just for fishing! It affects alot on the game."
,Recommended,582660,32001605,Posted: 27 May,all,Crimson Gargoyle,My playtime has been entirely spent in character creation.
,Recommended,582660,32009954,Posted: 27 May,all,verse,"very good mmo pvp is fantastic when you have the gear, it does take quite abit of time to get to end game but if you have the samina it is worth it."
76561198049939298,Recommended,582660,32043159,Posted: 29 May,all,Spuitslet,"For everyone experiencing problems with the email verification, try to not use uppercase letters in your login this fixed it for me. Hope it helps ^^"
,Recommended,582660,32047580,Posted: 29 May,all,Matrix Revolt,"Anyone that could rate this game negatively is purely insane. There is very little that you cannot do in this game. You can buy and upgrade your own weapons, and even dye your weapons to personalize them. You guy buy, sell, and breed horses. Of which you can put armor, horseshoes, helmets and more on your horses (and you can even dye your horse's armor also). You can farm, fish, mine, create, build, process, trade as a profession (with many more that I cannot even begin to list). You can also get your own wagon of which you can connect 2-4 horses that have your own signature dyes and you can even dye your wagon (this gives an unparalleled custom and unique feeling). There are countless quests and countless places to grind. Also in the games current state is is absolutely balanced. This game (in NA) is no where close to Pay 2 Win, everyone has an equal oppurtunity. Horses can be bought with silver (for very cheap) and even pets if you can snipe one off the market can be bought on the market. In the current state there is a server wide 100% exp boost on returning and new player servers. Plus this weekend was a 100% exp boost weekend, plus the daily 200% exp boost for 30 mins and a 90 minute 50% boost plus a 50% ticket boost and 8% Milk Tea boost is it very easy to level up right now (aka all those boosts stack). I have no Earthly idea how any person could possibly rate this game as bad. It has been nothing but enjoyable. I rate 10/10. This game is a true MMO."
76561198089841883,Recommended,582660,31986467,Posted: 26 May,all,嗨浣熊,"Pretty darn good MMO considering it's only 6 bucks (Right now anyway) Fun combat system, unlike other MMOs where it's just mash/hold button there are actually combos and stuff, beautiful graphics, runs well for me."
76561198041988709,Recommended,582660,32048102,Posted: 29 May,all,ChairmanLmao,spent 2 hours building my slav- i mean worker network 10/10
,Recommended,582660,32065555,Posted: 30 May,all,Crax,This game is P2W....if you decide to spend 10k USD on it. The only thing worth getting from the cash shop is pets and even those aren't mandatory for you to do good in game. Possibly the best combat system out of any mmo and a joy to play. I would definitely recommend this game especially because it's really cheap. But be prepared to grind your way to the top. And when i say grind i mean GRIND. You're going to be killing monsters for hours upon hours but it's extremely enjoyable. The game also has a nice crafting system and a life skill system. It has really nice PvP including wars over towns and nodes. This game can be a bit much for a new player so take it step by step.9/10 absolutely worth the price
,Recommended,582660,31946736,Posted: 24 May,all,Princess BiteYourDoodle,"Can't even get into the game... What a joke... I should have just kept playing it off steam...Wow! Awesome! I love this game all over again! Good job guys, you fixed the problem so quickly I'm very impressed! I highly recommend this game!"
76561198095654850,Recommended,582660,31993256,Posted: 27 May,all,RelentlessRemag (Cletus/Elroy),"Truly an amazing game. I have played my fair share of MMO's. Black Desert Online stands out from all of them. It has a STEEP learning curve. There's so much to do that i'm just overwhelmed. It has the deepest Character Creation i've ever seen. If you like MMO's that are grindy, this is your game. The Sale price right now is a complete steal!"
,Recommended,582660,32066166,Posted: 30 May,all,Prince263,"I do not play mmorpgs, at all.while i have no previous experience with games like this, I have always wanted to get into one. Not so that I can devote my life to it, but so that i can hop on, play a few hours and return to my normal life. This game is perfect for that, for me at least.I have nothing to compare it to, so this may seem like a hollow review. But I recommend this game."
76561198044018246,Recommended,582660,32009096,Posted: 27 May,all,Mr.Mishima,"As I'm leveling up, the game has been an incredible ride:*Combat is satisfying as it is engaging.*No instances, making it a true mmo in presentation.*A lot of side activities including fishing.The lack of customization in outfits is dissapointing, but this is a straight up steal for just six dollars with no monthly fee. It's at the very least, worth a try."
,Recommended,582660,32032243,Posted: 28 May,all,Yavanna,"A pretty great game if you have a ton of spare time / leave your computer on or just like having a ton of things to do.I've only played for a few days worth at the moment with a level 37 sorc and a 17 maehwa and I'm sad to say half the time I spent playing was doing crafting, gathering, cooking, house decorating and making money. I'm not even close to the end game where PvP and advanced PvE is supposed to be an entirely new game but I already love it.So what can you do in this game?You can do the typical MMO thing where you follow the quests and keep steadily levelling OR you can simply take the two daily login rewards that give you either 200% combat experience for an hour or 300% combat exp for an hour and a half, 200% being 30min. You don't even need to quest to level up in this game. Quests are there however to increase your inventory space and teach game mechanics so it is worth doing them even when overleveled.If you get sick of killing mob after mob you can go ahead and do one of the many Lifeskills, gathering, cooking, alchemy, hunting, horse taming, farming and even sailing later on. Some of these skills go together like gathering can give you ingredients for farming cooking and alchemy, but even sailing and crafting countless items for houses and gear. The further you do these skills you can use better tools which make you do it even faster and better every day. Fishing for example gets reduction in time that you get fish bites, making AFK farming even greater.But what if you're tired of that as well? Theres even Player Housing in the game. You can buy houses which you can't go in but to make crafting areas for your NPC Workers, or storage slots and much more or you can just buy a Residence which allows you to build. You'll have to buy and craft furniture from around the entire game world however and furniture is weighty and expensive, meaning the bigger house you have = the more time and effort required. When I completed my first floor of my three story house though I just felt immersed.The real great thing about this game is immersion though, you can just sit back and hit T to auto run and then CTRL U to hide the UI and take some amazing pictures. Usually when a game has amazing graphics they have awful combat, but this game has excellent combat which allows you to combo pretty much every ability together.The best part? It's not even £20, or £10. It's practically a free MMORPG that has more content than most MMOs."
,Recommended,582660,32136311,Posted: 2 June,all,HUSKER222,its cool. i d reccomend it if youre into wow or anarchy online or star wars knights of old republic mmos. its grapohics are good and fast paced but not my kind of game really.
,Recommended,582660,32119945,Posted: 1 June,all,Rachmaninoff,I was held prisoner to WoW for 7 years... I have finally been set free...
,Recommended,582660,32107248,Posted: 1 June,all,Strelok,"Waifu in the wishing well, settings turned underneath the spell."
,Recommended,582660,32077718,Posted: 30 May,all,Charger1968,Character creation is amazing!I'll update the review once I finish my characters
,Recommended,582660,32052836,Posted: 29 May,all,Prominency,"loved it before steam, love it after. This game is highly addicting and requires a lot of grinding so you better be prepared to spend a lot of time. Quests are dominate in this game and expect that lots. Overall, a good mmo game for the Koreans."
,Recommended,582660,32115309,Posted: 1 June,all,sTeeLo,"I bought this game for $6. It looks great but it is a PVP focused MMO. I really cant say that anything stood out to me besides the combat mechanics, thats literally the only thing is has going for it. The quest are like WoW quest. Go here, kill that, come back heres your xp. There is no voice acting except in the cutscences. Its not P2W but its another game created by a greedy Korean studio. it reminds me of a cheap nexon game with good graphics. I recommend it but only if its on sale for less then $10. Go play ESO or another MMO this one just looks good graphically tbh."
,Recommended,582660,32130359,Posted: 2 June,all,Davie412,"Initial thoughts - an MMO with Tekken/Soul Calibur style combat. Gender locked classes a little odd but apart from that, very detailed character creation. Slightly clunky interface but you get used to it fairly quickly."
,Recommended,582660,32133852,Posted: 2 June,all,Gravelore,The only game that decides when you've had enough and disconnects you only to want more.
,Recommended,582660,32163603,Posted: 3 June,all,Feral Cheryl,Just got done making my character
,Recommended,582660,31947121,Posted: 25 May,all,Ashslayer,"I've been playing for a week and haven't even hit lvl 25 so obviously I have no clue what the end game is like. People told me you can get to lvl 50 in 3 days if you try though.However what has made me not rush in this game is a multitude of things. The first is probably that I spent a while fishing but it wasn't that lucrative this early on and without it being profitable to run it over night yet and boring to run in the background during the day, I dropped it. What I have been doing is some quests here and there for the fun of it and with the rewards from these quests I invested in nodes. Nodes let you connect cities, towns, farms and more together. Think of it as a route/path between the different places that gives a bonus for every point along the route that you invested in. With this I've traded and made millions. It's been rather fun to watch my knowledge grow, trade routes get bigger and my wagon become more fancy than the day before.I believe this is a game where you can be what you want and do what you want. I don't feel like I need to level up at all to enjoy the gameplay of BDO and that is fantastic. I'm having fun and making bank just as it is right now and that's what counts.Onto the negative side of things:The game crashes a few times a day.There are some minor performance issues here and there, but it's random and not frequent.The cash shop is expensive for some items, but luckily you don't need anything from it.Onto the positive side of things:You can own a donkey, horse, boat, home, wagon, camel, dog, cat, bird, hawk, desert rat and much more.There are many professions.Cash shop items can be bought with silver on the market place from other players.It's fun.You get to do what you want pretty much within 20 hours of playing.You don't feel rushed to do quests.You get starting funds that help set you up for the job you want.The bittersweet:The game is not p2w but pay to save time. In some games the time saving becomes such an advantage that it's essentially winning, but in this game it actually is not so bad that it becomes p2w. Other games just let you flash $$$ to win but not this game."
76561198077561640,Recommended,582660,32042270,Posted: 29 May,all,DymanoXAdd,Offers tons of things to do and lots of ways of killing time! From killing the mobs that roam the land to just tending to your crops the choice is yours.
76561198145964991,Recommended,582660,32165152,Posted: 3 June,all,Jango Fett,Ill give a gud review later update in  a week or 2  great game though :D
,Recommended,582660,32077948,Posted: 30 May,all,Tetsu,My MMO dream come true.I literally spent like 30 mins - 1 hour customizing my own avatar.
,Recommended,582660,32917733,Posted: 28 June,all,loser,"Mabinogi's freedom with Tera/Blade and Soul combat, and it's actually fun."
,Recommended,582660,32960979,Posted: 28 June,all,Striker #burr,A unique MMO.
76561198163465709,Recommended,582660,32226830,Posted: 6 June,all,God Izea,Fun and relaxing
,Recommended,582660,32005672,Posted: 27 May,all,★Beyblade,"Alright, so I have just refunded the game and got the website version, because my files for the steam were pretty messed up, and the steam file checker really didn't do anything, so I got ahead and bought the BDO from the website. At first, I was having the same problems I had with steam, until I put on repair mode...I think it took around 30 minutes to scan, and when it finished, it found I think 2 files, then redownloaded them, thus leading me to a good review, after all the tears I've went through.If I were honest, the steam version of Black Desert Online is more convenient, especially if the money you're paying to get the game or other stuff is going to be an international purchase in the website, but it had a pretty shaky start, just to point that out.The steam version worked perfectly for some people, like some of my friends who are grinding alot, and there are some still looking for answers.And I say again, the character creation is amazing. You get to change your character's height, form, and even other features if you know what I mean ;) You get to personalize the voice of your character, but the classes are gender locked.And there's the gameplay. Your usual MMORPG experience, except that you dont need money to get better gear, although there are items that you can only purchase with actual money that are extremely useful.The game is barely p2w. The only things you would be spending your extra money on Black Desert online is either cosmetics, or useful items in different situations. The only problem is that if you really want to be good at Black Desert Online, you will have to basically submit your life to it.The game is sort of casual friendly, as you don't have to participate in the biggest events to be the very best, although it may benefit people on the fastlane.I really like this game, it was a shame that the steam version didn't work for me, as I needed to spend $3 extra on the website version to play it rather just keeping the steam version when it was on sale.This game has really impressive graphics for a mmorpg, compared to other MMOs like Tera, or even World of Warcraft. The game is sort of damanding, but really a gtx 745 (which is total trash) would handle it at the lowest resolution, and lowest graphics quality and medium textures, all at a stable 60 fps.I hope that the devs make this game better overtime, to the point that it can attract lots and lots more people, as it is already doing great on steam, with the last time I saw the player count, there were 9k people playing! AND THATS ONLY THE STEAM VERSION!8/10, great game with lots of potential, but with lots of grinding and for other people, technical issues."
76561198073837400,Recommended,582660,32058299,Posted: 30 May,all,Primary Consumer,IMPORTANT:IF YOU SUFFER FROM CONTSTANT LAG AND DESYNC IN BDO I MIGHT HAVE A SOLUTION.Black Desert Online was unplayable for me cause i was out of sync all the time. Enemies just disappeared and poped up in different spots again and the game was rubber-banding me back all the time.I found two websites which helped me solve that problem:https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/4yln8a/how_to_reduce_lag_in_bdo_heres_the_best_answer/https://www.back2gaming.com/guides/how-to-tweak-windows-10-for-gaming/Those are about some changes in the registry. Im very new to regedit but the pages are explained very well.So finaly i can turn my negative rewiev into a positive one. I have to mention that i only played some hours now and still have no idea whats all to do in BDO. But its already fun to me so thumbs up.
,Recommended,582660,32081219,Posted: 31 May,all,KOG_Strider,"My first MMORPG since runescape way back when and I gotta say I've never been more addicted and intregued by a game (that isn't monster hunter). At first the experiance was overwhelming: so much information and stats and whatnot, with a HUGE world and a bare bones tutorial, it was pretty disorrientating. However, following the main quests set by the black spirit, and the plethora of in game video tutorials and the help wiki, I was able to grasp the basics after a few hours.I then set out online to research as much as I could: my chosen class, gear, skills, money, mechanics, pvp. It was then where the game really pulled me in. BDO is one huge oyster, to be played and enjoyed at your pace, in your own way. 100 hours in and I can vouch for the immersion this game boasts.There's simply too much to describe for a game priced less than 10 quid.Now for the ""pay-to-win aspects"" of the game. Not really.There is a sort of hidden monthly subscription you can buy that makes the game a whole lot less frustraiting and has significant benfits such as more inventory weight (a huge issue you will come across), getting more money from market place sales, experiance boosts and a few other asthetic bonuses. There's also many other items you can buy that make certian aspects of the game more conveinient, most significantly pets which auto pick up loot and have special effects.All the above things can be bought with in game money, including the ""subscription"" item, IF those items are on sale. Which brings me to the aspect of selling pearl store items (thing you actually pay for). You are limited to the amount of pearl store items you can sell, and the return on these items is nowhere near enough to make selling them viable. So injecting a whole bunch of money into the game will yeild no real advantage over any other non-paying player, other than certain convieniances. Although that subscription item really is worth having imo.Overall I'm very happy with this game and will be playing for 100s of hours in the future."
,Recommended,582660,32181953,Posted: 4 June,all,ATG,"This game is great for its price. Yes you can assume that the game is P2W, although you can achieve the best stuff by just grinding and/or being quick to act on the marketplace.Pros:Fun gameplayBest Combat system I've seen in an MMOStellar PvPAddictingCons:Excessive anti cheat (rootkit)For veteran players of BDO, characters from the Pearl Abyss Launcher do NOT transfer to the steam client version."
,Recommended,582660,32187550,Posted: 4 June,all,Naihisuto,"Very impressive MMORPG! Due to the vast features, I highly recommend playing with a friend over Discord or the like.  I've heard that it can and will become grindy but not until the later levels (50+).  After 5 hours of playtime I'm almost level 18.  The game supplies the player with the ability to farm certain skills (ie: fishing) while the game is minimized to the tray.  I typically play MMO's such as Elder Scrolls Online and NeverWinter, but this game is a combination of both with added flare.  The only downside in my opinion is gender restricted classes.  Anyways, definitlely worth the $10 and it's subscription free with numerous servers.  If your rig can't run it then I suggest you go ahead and purchase this game anyways so it'll stay in your library for when you do have your dream gaming rig.~Cheers."
76561198105847869,Recommended,582660,33427370,Posted: 10 July,all,Fuehrer,"Do you love MMO? I mean truly Love MMO?! Good, you'll absolutely be addicted to Black Desert Online.Let me dispel the notion that Plagues most MMO game. And that is, THIS IS NOT A P2W Game!Surely there are certain items in this game which someone could technically purchase with real world currency and would translate to in-game cash. ""WAIT, what are you saying then? SO this is a P2W Game!!!"" I can hear some crying. But the cash items which were purchased is not very proportionate to the amount of in-game WIN. In fact it is grossly ridiculous to try and win through spending real world cash for in-game cash.Example:Arguably the most sought after cash-items which could be sold for in-game silver are Value Packs, Cosmetic Outfits with mild buffs, and Pets. The most expensive of the bunch are Outfits which currently sells between 18-23mil silver for a full set. Black Desert does however alleviate the possibility of abuse by limiting sale of Outfits to 5 per week, per account. I should also preface by saying that in-game cash is very easy to come by. Generally 1mil can be made while afking for ~30mins to an hour by performing a lifeskill, ie: Farming, Fishing, Cooking, Horse Breeding (ohhh yeahhh... creep).Here's the kicker, A full set with US Dollar cost anywhere from $30 to $35. Needless to say there's not much incentive to try and P2W. It's technically possible, but I for one can find a lot of better ways to spend $150, just saying. OH! and there's no current active trading. Everything is managed by a supply and demand auction house with soft and high cap trading of silvers allowed. This make it so that new players can also compete with the veterans for resources since there's very little inflation in value of items. Due to the indirect trading, P2W accounts cannot just horde massive amount of cash and valuables. This makes it fair by having players actually play the game and understanding the type of skills they would like to focus on (you could technically do it all as well, there's no limit to the amount of skills a character could choose, just the time which you choose to start and level them.)It is a fun dynamic economy if you're into investment of maximizing profitability.Everything requires real world/in game experience, combat/life skills, and time, lots and lots of time.This game as a whole is one of the most wonderful experiences one could have when it comes to a what good core MMO should be. Black Desert Online is a sandbox MMO. It understands and appreciates the idea of having players play the game based on their own desires. Unlike most of the streamline MMOs of today's current market, Black Desert does not solely focus on only one or two ""end games"". Due to this variety that Black Desert provides, there is no rush to an ""endgame"", and with it comes a plethora of unique players. Not just a meta of similarly weaker versions of the the top cookie cutter build. There's a strong emphasis on every aspects of the game, from PVE, World PVP, Questing, World Bosses and Life skills: Alchemy, Gathering, Hunting etc.I for one find combat questing and cooking to be the most enjoyable.The combat mechanic is superb, each character/classes plays very different. There's to some degree of the typical roles such as Tanks, DPS, and Healers. But to that I'll add, ""Not really... lol"". This game does have your traditional 1-12+ hotkey bindings for cast skill, BUT most individuals will probably play this game more akin to that of a fighting game much like Street Fighter. That is because this game has a fantastic and fast-paced action based combat system. They reward you more damage and fluid/quicker reset of skills for doing combo such as ""Right Mouse + Down, then combo into ""Q + Left Mouse"" etc. This combat creates player affinity to certain classes and also allows for mastering and managing skills from classes such as Tamers. *Cringe* Tamer... why do you have such a high skill cap?The size of the current world is HUGE! There's well over 100+ area ""nodes"" to travel to. There's cities, towns, CASTLES!!! dungeons, and a FREAKIN actual desert to explore. Who would have thunk? These are just the stuff I have found on the continent. You could own a ship and sail the sea to the various islands. Needless to say I have only explored perhaps 1/3 of this game's map and it already takes me on foot a whooping 20mins+ to travel from one end of the map from Starting at Trent Town to Shakatu City in a straight B-line fashion. It appears that there's even more to come with the newer patches and future updates. I didn't even mention you could OWN each and every one of these Cities, Towns, Dungeons and CASTLES!!!. Once you've own those locations you can hire workers to tend to them, there's player housing, Taxation, Wars to take over your nodes from rival Guilds, NPC relations, etc etc etc.There is so much to do and enjoy for everyone. I barely scratched the surface as It is hard to describe due to the nature of Sandboxes. I can however say that I highly recommend this for MMO player who enjoys a good grind with the freedom to explore. Definitely immersive and a very well crafted game. I can tell that the developers not only made this game but also plays it with passion.Some might be frightened by the in depth gameplay and seemingly limitless possibilities but the learning curve is actually quite player friendly. This game can be very enjoyable just purely by walking around and killing monsters. It can be meditative through playing the fishing mini game and exploration of Nodes. It can be hardcore for those seeking to hunt world bosses for high end gear and new titles. It can be lucrative for blacksmiths and armorsmiths. It can be a gamble for enchanters testing their luck at +20 Gears. It can be the MMO you never knew you wanted. (that was kinda cheesy but I'm not changing it...)The game offers all these activities and then some plus a whale hunt (wish I was joking.) but yet it understands and never tries to overwhelm the player, thus it leaves it up to you to find out for yourself how you craft you own journey and story. These are not just quest they are the actual gameplay. It is constant ongoing change and management not just a onetime ordeal.If you are intrigued but still weary of the purchase, I'll recommend taking advantage of their free week long trial provided from their website.Did I also mention this is an aesthetically pleasing game to look at?Have fun and see you around in BDO, Bye!"
,Recommended,582660,33405308,Posted: 9 July,all,Aeshi,> Just over 9 Hours in> Only 1-2 of those hours were actually in-game (testing the classes out.)> The other 6-7 were in the character creator.> 10/10 Would create characters in again.
76561198125949256,Recommended,582660,33293122,Posted: 5 July,all,GhostlySyn,"Game was great. For what i could play.Ended up having to refund the game because at some point everytime i logged on it would completely restart my computer without any type of warning. Tried researching what i could and so many possiblities for it and others that had issues with it as well. Some say they got a new PSU to play this game and it fixed it. Dont think its necessary just to get a new PSU to play ONE game that this occurs on. I was already using a 750 G2 EVGA psu which should of been good enough.Anyways from the 2 hours that i did barely get to play (by that i mean when it force restarted it keeps you logged in game for an additional amount of time so when you try logging in it will say your logged in from multiple places), i had managed to get a lvl 12 Kuniochi. The combat is quite fast and the combo's you need to learn can be a hassle to remember but all in all was extremely fun to play and learn.If ever that crashing ever gets fixed I would come back and definatly play again."
,Recommended,582660,32648330,Posted: 22 June,all,Ben10,Great MMORPG with no monthly subscription and doesnt sacrifice anything that you would expect from an MMO. It is extremely detailed in all of its features and its combat is incredible!
,Recommended,582660,33270787,Posted: 5 July,all,AfroJedii,Best looking MMO I've ever played. Best combat out of any MMO I've ever played. Most in-depth gathering and crafting system in any MMO I've ever played. The list goes on...
76561198313329165,Recommended,582660,32632366,Posted: 21 June,all,KirexHD,"honestly just buy it, it good."
,Recommended,582660,32580314,Posted: 19 June,all,Mauic,"I'll be direct to the point on my review for this game.I have given up on playing MMORPGs around 4-5 years ago as it is time consuming. I tried BnS, Revelation Online, Tree of Saviour, Ragnarok Online 2, Guild Wars 2 and many more but I quit after 2-3 weeks due to boredom. I notice how cliche MMOs are nowadays and the start is always so generic, but after trying out Black Desert Online, my love for MMORPGs started to turn around. I can't believe I actually like the game.Black Desert Online is an MMORPG like nothing I've ever played before. Players are given the freedom to do as they like, be it life skills or combat training. The game starts off with a tutorial til level 10 ish or when you reach your first town Velia then from there on you're basically on your own to explore the world and learn things by yourself (which to me is totally amazing because I would find MMOs that spoon feed every bit of information entirely boring).Yes, this game is almost 80% solo gaming until you reach about level 50 where open world PK is unlocked and grinding parties are highly recommended but for me, the solo game doesn't bother me as much when I have plenty of other activities that I can do such as arrange and organize my worker empire, do life skills, roam around the world explore more knowledge etc. It would be very pleasing if Pearl Abyss decides to add team dungeons or more guild related activities to promote more party related quests.I would say this game isn't for everyone. Yes, you need to give it a chance and play for a little while whether you'd like it or not. People who quit the game earlier on are most likely people who wouldn't want to give more effort in a realistic MMO but people who stay are those who feel immersed in the world itself.The only thing that irks me is the gender locked classes. :/Also, most people giving negative reviews are the ones who barely played the game for more than 3hrs or so. I'd like to point out as well at how ironic people are giving out negative reviews but still play the game.The game is great, it's just not for everyone. Not everyone could be pleased.ABOUT XIGNCODEI've taken into consideration about this issue but so far I've not experience any problems with my system. I have checked my processes as well if it is running even when the game isn't running but I've not seen anything out of the ordinary. It's not running at all. I also appreciate the devs who handle the steam release for releasing a post concerning the matter."
,Recommended,582660,33441077,Posted: 10 July,all,Mám Piči,better ArcheAge
,Recommended,582660,32089251,Posted: 31 May,all,Zeus,amazing
,Recommended,582660,32089259,Posted: 31 May,all,yungpussymilk,"lots of fun, story really isnt a big deal whatsoever but the combat physics and basic content, looks, and feel of the game is pheonominal. Its super cool@"
,Recommended,582660,32113971,Posted: 1 June,all,Trist,"Honestly there are better MMO's that execute MMO-based things better than BDO. And by that I mean, end-game bosses, quests, gear acquisition. A lot of it seems like it leans towards PvP and GvG activities, which aren't really what MMO's should be focused on most of the time.BUT!Black Desert Online performs what many RPG SANDBOXES can't! Seriously, the amount of depth in your character progression, pertaining to the amount of people you've helped and met, enemies you've seen and slain, manufactoring and crafting, is INSANE. And you can build off a profession for nearly anything.-Exploring the world [and unlocking nodes, or ""areas""] allows you to expand workers that you can hire's efficiency and item requisition.-Build a trade empire with you at the helm, carrying your goods to the nodes who demand the highest silver for maximum profit margins.This game is by no means AT ALL  P2W. It's definitely ""Pay to Boost"" in the sense that someone can spend money to increase carryweight, inventory, or costumes with significant but not game breaking bonuses. But buying certain items that can be sold in game isn't worth it for the amount of IRL money that someone spends doing it, the same amount of Silver being acquirable by grinding only a few hours. Overall, an Okay MMO, but a near perfect Sandbox RPG that just so happens to have a lot of NPC's wearing unnaturally shiny armor."
76561198036233988,Recommended,582660,33470791,Posted: 11 July,all,(Propane)HankHill,"I've spent more time afk than I have actually playing, but when I am playing the combat is pretty fun so I'd say a solid 8/10 but best afk♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game 10/10."
76561198035693771,Recommended,582660,33489170,Posted: 12 July,all,The Puffy Shirt,Hopefully this game doesn't burn out my graphics card from afk fishing all day
76561198036216238,Recommended,582660,33504000,Posted: 13 July,all,danderson_danderson,"great game glad I started playing, should go on for years!"
,Recommended,582660,33524509,Posted: 13 July,all,[COL]Tato98,"A fun, MMORPG, with a cool fighting system"
,Recommended,582660,32850609,Posted: 27 June,all,redpandanation,dope game
,Recommended,582660,32839314,Posted: 26 June,all,Abibit,Gets a little crowded at times but still enjoyable to play
,Recommended,582660,32841510,Posted: 26 June,all,I KINDA SUCK AS CSGO,Extremly fun MMO only if you like grinding since 90% of the game is grinding.
,Recommended,582660,33561446,Posted: 15 July,all,Saerel,"I have only one thing to say.Amazing game but has the most toxic, angry, and hateful community I've ever seen in any MMORPG before.Recommending just for the beautiful large world, fun combat and content you can do solo.Anything else that requires socializing with other players - I'd stay away, it's very dark in there, and I mean VERY.If that doesn't bother you, go ahead and purchase. It's worth the money!"
76561198002961331,Recommended,582660,32895771,Posted: 27 June,all,Xynum,good time alot of content
,Recommended,582660,32826634,Posted: 26 June,all,Azrough,"An absolute beauty when it comes to mordern day MMORPGS.This game really is the role player's haven, everything about this game just screams quality. Amazing graphics, good storyline/quests, well optimized and just tons of fun.There aren't many games that catch onto you in their tutorial levels, BDO is different, it will make you love itself from the start. I have not played too much of the game yet but so far I am totally loving this and I think I am going to invest a lot of my time into this art of a game.A must play."
,Recommended,582660,32907732,Posted: 27 June,all,noice,the grind is real
76561198056259802,Recommended,582660,33050344,Posted: 30 June,all,★ Lina,"As a person that almost only plats MMO I would say this is very different and kinda soothing to play. Even thought I really enjoy playing this game and always end up having a great time I would'nt change this out for any other MMO.I end up putting most of my time into WoW and would say its my '' main MMO ''. Somtimes I can get bored to do the same thing and need to take a break and this is where BDO comes in. It's a great game to take a break into by just grinding, exploring and doing your own thing. HOW EVER, I would NEVER play this as my main MMO since it still lacks some stuff that i really look for in a game.The PVE in this game is not so great and I can't really say it really exsist, the only thing that you can spend your time on is to explore,pvp and some professions. For me personaly I enjoy the PVE in an MMO since I normaly go for other games when I want to PVP.But aside from the fact that it's a different game I still find it fun to play some hours on day to day to get away from my other games and to have a bit of a break. I would recomend the game cause the graphics and the combat it self is really nicely done and the game it self is worth it for the low price."
76561198139045348,Recommended,582660,33015645,Posted: 29 June,all,✪ Tomzski ✪,Great Game!
,Recommended,582660,33032306,Posted: 30 June,all,Nidith,- buy this to play with weeb friends- weeb friends stop playing because manga is more importand- still a great game 10/10
76561198040608839,Recommended,582660,32986025,Posted: 29 June,all,McScrimmage,"Main purpose of me buying this on steam was if I didn't like it, or in any way I couldn't play it, I would refund it within the 2 hours of purchase. Also, not an expert of the game, I just play it casual until late-gameWhat's good about this game (so far):-Fast paced mmo-Unique settings of cities and enemies-You don't feel as poor compared to most mmos since money-making is ""easier""-You feel powerful when using ""over-the-top"" skills and using a semi-deep to deep voice male/female character (mostly male because it's funny)-Workers, not slaves.-(for me) Not as grindy early on, would have been on the average 55-57 by 2nd day of purchased, but I was messing around more than leveling.-Afkable for some or few professions.-On the top right near your map, there are I believe 4-5 small icons, one on the far right side (magnifying glass) help find certain npc's role like a trader, blacksmith, etc. Another (next to that) has videos guides for you on I believe everything the game has to offer excluding pvping and such (the essentails really)That's all for the pros for now. (there's probably a few more to list)What's not good about the game (so far):-(for me)  LOTTA people in Veila and Heidel so expect at least 35 fps + if you have a good computer-The CP system can be annoying for most if not a few who needs to grind out quests that gives a good amount of cp to efficiently work on most/all professions.-Money-making is tempting AF (:P)-(for me) The annoying ""notifications"" top middle where it displays nearly everything that has occur such as an item being sold at a certain price, guild wars has begun/ended, etc (if you can hide it, then disregard this con)-Certain quests are a bit wonky and a bit annoying such as if you were to take and finish a quest from a npc on the road, and can't find them, do not autopath because most likely they won't be there but along the road of where the autopath leads you.-Unable to easily identify which trees to chop and which rocks to mine as there is no indication otherthan you being on top of the rock or near it, and going near trees to know. If there is a way, which I imagine you need to have higher skill professions for both or whatever, then this becomes a temp con.*I haven't reached to the part of the whole ""pvp"" or ""pk"" situation, but keep in mind this does exist way later (a bit of a turn off, but I knew what I was in for, so bring it)(Could be more cons, it varies)TL;DRFor the price, it's worth. For the gameplay, it varies. It's nice to have, no need for monthly pay (kind of won me over) and it can be enjoyable if you take the time to make it enjoyable. I gave it a chance after a year of its released, grinding isn't as bad but can be slow/slower 50+. It's not perfect, but it isn't bad. I've looked up class videos, a guide here and there, hell even watching streams of it. Bottom line, if you're interested, take that chance, if not, well there are other games you can look into and leave this one alone.EDIT: The infamous pvp and pk features doesn't occur until you are at lvl 49 with a quest given to you by your little dark buddy. It is optional to do it, so it is on YOU from that point on."
,Recommended,582660,33017358,Posted: 29 June,all,ehdohmoo97,i really want to play this game but.....This game so much lagging (if you play in AUS)  and FPS drop really bad .
,Recommended,582660,32653080,Posted: 22 June,all,click clack,it'saa good game
76561198039463338,Recommended,582660,33022988,Posted: 29 June,all,CaChino,summit1g
,Recommended,582660,32807068,Posted: 26 June,all,littlebabygiraffelegs,The most addicting game I've played in recent memory.
,Recommended,582660,33020170,Posted: 29 June,all,SlimDongPoon,Great looking mmo the combat is smooth and has a fast leveling system cant wait to experience more only been playing for a short time
76561198112322522,Recommended,582660,33095026,Posted: 1 July,all,Eman,"This game is not your average mmo type game. The tedious grind is removed, considering the only resources you'll need to farm are to sell. Making money is the best way to have an enjoyable experience. This is because the game's best loot is only achieved by either buying it or upgrading ""old"" armor. There are several professions to take part of to make money like fishing, alchmey, etc. If you do consider this a ""con"", than it's really BDO's only big flaw. The game's graphics are stellar and the art style is unique. I do suggest a higher powered pc or else you will run at like 9 fps. The combat mechanics are smooth and the story isn't just a large amount of fetch quest. It does feel like you are doing something to help out the world that your character adventures in. And since this game is only a whopping $10 (I got it for six bucks when it was on sale) I highly suggest to add this game to your steam library."
76561198047347412,Not Recommended,582660,32779740,Posted: 25 June,all,Striker,"BDO still has a lot of room to mature as a MMO. It definitly has a flavor unlike many current MMO's and from a long time fan/player of this genre, its motivated me to focus less on end game raid content (which BDO lacks) and more on crafting and life skills. Its been a pleasent change of pace.I do enjoy the game but two aspects of BDO really take away from what I feel ""could"" be an excellent MMO in the North American market.- The Marketplace is perhaps the worse tool I have seen for in-game commerce in my twenty years experience playing MMO's - Its the weakest thing I have seen in recent memory and feels like it was designed by a bunch of clueless kids!- The lack of dungeons and poor development of the PvP scene (compared with the KR version) is dissapointing.Beyond the two complaints above, I'm happy with the game. The difficulty curve for a casual player is outstanding and check your Blizzard privilege at the door. You will not get free handouts in this game as far as end game enhanced gear. That perhaps is the best part of this game. It will take serious work to push your gear to +20 and that's something to be appreciated in this age of catering to the lazy casual. In addition, the way in which in-game currency is managed (silver) helps prevent currency sellers. This is amazing.Of course, currency seller spam is gone but the toxicity of the in-game chat leaves me a bit dumbfounded. I've never seen anything like it.If your serious about BDO, find a guild and turn off all chat channels. Its a joke.To friends, I'd hesitate to recommend the game. In fact, I would say give it six months and check back in. If you do purchase the game, use your brain and just get the Explorer's package.Edit 06/26/17 -- Tonight I had to stop running Malware Bytes to open and play the game because of the assinine anti-cheat software. ♥♥♥♥ you Kakao. How do I play this game both actively and AFK, keeping it running 24/7 and YOUR supid product prevents me from using anti-malware software.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Edit 06/26/17 -- I just noticed that this review is flagged as product received for free. That is further ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I never selected that when I wrote the initial review. But for some reason, its been flagged as product received for free. I purchased this game and right now, I'm livid at KaKao."
,Recommended,582660,33062334,Posted: 30 June,all,idiot sandwich,"A great game despite minor flaws and frustrations. This is a gorgeous MMO that has so much content to offer. You can grind, do lifeskills, just like you would irl. You can gather, process food and materials, make items, and perform alchemy. Many of these can be done AFK minimized in your PC so as to consume less resources.The combat system is easily the one of the best I've experienced. It is fluid and combines skill cool down generic MMO fights with DMC like elements.The character customization is filled with options.A lot of people have complained about this ""P2W"" or ""micro transaction"" game. I disagree. You can certainly see microtransactions, but these are all QoL perks. The marketplace is on a BID (rng) system where everyone rich or poor had the same chance of getting an item. You do not need to purchase extra inventory or weights as there are easily workarounds. As stated above, these micro transactions are purely for quality of life.The loyalty shop for those playing F2P is already quite enough. Progress can be slow, but that's what makes this game playable after a hundred hours. It's still fun."
,Recommended,582660,33092431,Posted: 1 July,all,Slooty Blonde,this game is very grindy but also fun it's kind of an inbetween for me
,Recommended,582660,32874690,Posted: 27 June,all,fratboyjason,"Very in depth, nothing is explained. But hey, I'm Gandalf the Grey."
76561198069506443,Recommended,582660,32940927,Posted: 28 June,all,Perdolreth,I love this game...you'll need a gaming computer for sure with this one. I have an ok system and it's a gaming system but it runs laggy. Great in game graphics one of the best I've seen since Witcher. Like I said laggy with a basic gaming system. Servers are full most of the time. That I wish they would put more server in lol! They have plenty of them now. Hats off to the Devs. When I get a better graphics card I'll return to play more. It's a keeper! I haven't said anything about the rest of the game play due to I lag out. For what I've seen from the start it's a great game. Alot of content and quest lines are better then what I thought they would be...your fingers will be busy for this game.
76561198090839280,Recommended,582660,32959159,Posted: 28 June,all,Jeremy Clarkson,This Game is just ♥♥♥♥ing amazing Played 3 days straight no sleep just cocaine and Black Desert Online
,Recommended,582660,32927402,Posted: 28 June,all,Rambo Kitty,"I have to say this is by far the best MMO I have played, the graphics are amazing its like no other MMO either thankfully, I was getting tired of all those WoW clone type MMOs out there, its not a pay2win either everything you cna buy with ingame currency, even the pearl items other people will buy and then sell into the exchange, you can easily get away with only buying the game, not putting any money into it, the pearl shop does have cool things like costumes and pets all vanity, yes pets are helpful as they pick up loot drops but if your around for events your bound to get one or if someone sells one on the exchange, I love how the mounts are in this game also, they are actual horses not something you spawn with a special button but something you go to a stable and take out, you can breed them and sell them, this game is so indeph, I have only been playing a little under 2 weeks now so I'm still pretty noob hehe, the only downfall to this game is that its so awesome everyone is playing it so servers can get overpopulated and cause lag but if your in an area grinding mobs and others are there you can easily switch to a less busy server very easily.There is a free 7day trial on the website but be careful as the website and steam versions are different meaning that if you get attached to your free trial version you would have to buy it via the website and not steam as you'll have to create a new account on here.... not a huge downfall, hopefully one day they will link the two... who knows anyway its got a 10/10 from me."
76561198258933208,Recommended,582660,33423921,Posted: 9 July,all,TheDemonicFox,"Even with 5-10 fps on the lowest settings this game is still fun as hell. Combat is very fun, each class has different abilites with different effects. The map is GIGANTIC, and there is even enemies in the ocean that will attack and sink your boat.Over all this MMO should not even be compared to WoW or others considering this is one of the best I have ever played, in my opinion..."
,Recommended,582660,32916754,Posted: 28 June,all,MrRagez,"To start I would like to address people's concerns and complaints regarding Xigncode3. Anyone with inherent disapproval of anti-cheat systems is generally expected to be a cheater and upset because they will get caught and punished. When people bash a game for having client-side anti-cheat it is generally not the game under scrutiny, but the anti-cheat software itself. Then there are those who aren't cheaters but are excessively paranoid about anyone looking at whats on their pc, what I ask is what do you have to hide? People who are that paranoid about and anti-cheat must really not be aware of the fact that everything you ever do on the internet is tracked and recorded by the NSA as part of the Program. Stop acting like your privacy is that important because if it were, you wouldn't be on the internet in the first place. You'd be in a faraday cage. I personally have no concerns or issues with anti-cheat software. It's been a part of pc gaming for a long time and you better get used to it cause its not going anywhere.I've been playing this long enough now to make a small review just based off my experiences so far.I enjoyed Tera for a bit, that is until I realized how boring and repetetive it was. At that point I also gave ESO a try, and that was a mistake. Lacks basic roleplaying mechanics that ES is known for and instead substitutes it with generic things from other MMO's. It also felt like less an Elder Scrolls game and more a generic MMO with and Elder Scrolls skin.With that being said I mostly avoided the MMO genre for a bit. I had heard about this game a while ago but never really looked into it. However, when it came to Steam I couldnt pass it up.BDO has stunning realistic graphics and world design. It's easily the nicest looking MMO on the market at the moment. If I had a better computer I could really experience this to the fullest, but for the time being it's still stable even on my dated FX-6300 and 960. All of this is in a huge open world larger than Skyrim.I came into the game not sure what to expect, and after the initial hour of feeling like a chicken with my head cut off I ended up watching a short beginner guide. That's what set everything in motion for me. The game is really complex and seriously overwhelming when you start. But once you get everything figured out then the game really shines. The combat is easily the most satisfying combat in any MMO, it's more of an action game combat based around combos rather than just pressing one or two buttons repeatedly to kill things. The Dark Knight for example has a combat style that I can't help but compare to Devil May Cry, which in my opinion is an amazing thing.However, don't think this game is just limited to only grinding mobs. No, this is a true MMORPG with serious amount of player freedom. You can play the entire game without ever doing anything but Black Spirit quests, or you can spend all your time just fishing, or being a merchant, or a craftsman. The options for you are pretty significant, and they all have the potential to be very profitable in the long run. I personally like catching wild horses and levelling them up and selling them, and I am also a merchant. I take items from one end of the continent to the other and make bank off the distance bonus alone. There are so many options for life skills that I really cant get too into all of them. This game has a lot of room for player choice if my friend's 6 year old daughter can do what she wants in it and have fun.There is also years worth of content in the game that I more than likely may never even touch. I only have played the Dark Knight class and I plan on sticking with her for good. There are constantly events giving you really useful items and upgrade materials. There is a login reward daily as well. It is rewarding to get free stuff just for signing in. On weekends you get double login rewards and all servers have double xp. The devs do an update about every week so they aren't forgetting about this game any time soon. I'm 200 hours in and I can't say I'm even halfway through the game. I haven't even crossed the desert yet because I need to get stronger. However a lot of my time has been afk, as you can do a lot in this game afk. Afk fishing is the most solid way to make decent money to start off.This game also lacks any real pay to win aspects. You can spend money on pets, which are worth it, but they dont make you stronger or better, they just pick things up for you. Skins are useful in the sense they give small xp boosts but nothing that's gonna turn the tides. You can buy inventory slots and weight, but you can earn those easily. You can't buy gear, and you can't trade directly with others so no free rides. You grind or you stay weak.To sum it all up, I have quickly become addicted to this game and I'm far from done with it. If you told me I'd get 200 hours on a game that I spent $6 on I wouldn't believe you, but this game has to be one of the best buys I've made in the last 6 months on Steam. I suggest you watch some videos on it and check out the awakening trailers for each class and then decide for yourself if you would enjoy it. The combat got me pulled in but the life skills have me hooked.Best MMO on Steam in my opinion. Do yourself a favour and check it out."
,Recommended,582660,33126536,Posted: 2 July,all,-Sn0w-,Well after few H of palying this game i can say thatIts very fun to playits not rly that hard9/10
76561197960684791,Recommended,582660,33257608,Posted: 4 July,all,AMDX1325,"This is one of the better MMO. Very customizable, great depth and excellent graphic. The downside is that you cannot use your old account or web account to play the Steam version of this game. It doesn't have login screen like the web version. So this game on steam is only good for new players or old players looking to start fresh."
,Recommended,582660,32228284,Posted: 6 June,all,Arion,"Pros:-Very fun and addicting game since there is always something to do. For example: if you got tired of combat you might go and raise your skill levels instead.Cons:- Lousy performance sometimes client side and server side.- Shame about Xigncode3 how they work to ""prevent"" anti-cheat. Sure, feels like a risk each time you launch the game but all other companies already spy on you so why does one more matter? (Sarcasm)"
,Recommended,582660,33019958,Posted: 29 June,all,bend the fucking knee,I hate picking items up~$60 dollars laterPets and underwear are op8/10 cute @ss pets
,Recommended,582660,32178458,Posted: 4 June,all,Cuki,"This game is rich with content and it has so many stuff to do that you will get lost in this world enhanced with beautiful graphics. Honestly the game is really solid for the price you are paying and its worth every penny. And if you are thinking that maybe its P2W or dead, you will be wrong. The more accurate term would be pay for convenience and cosmetics and play to win. The player count is solid and you will never feel like the world is empty witch is a big plus! Its a must have!"
,Recommended,582660,33265644,Posted: 5 July,all,iMilek,"this is my new favorite game... i love it... i have potato PC but still is playable!!!!i5 3450 3.10 GHz4 GB RAMATI RADEON R7 240 2GB DDR3i play on low graphic but still see shadows, shine, whater, etc...."
,Recommended,582660,33272608,Posted: 5 July,all,^8Styx,"My first ever game review (since I usually let people find out themselves) after about 2 weeks of playing.Game is okay, its not pay2win but its pay for covenience so its up to you. It is possible to play this game without spending real money as long as you have the patience for it. I myself have bought 3 pets and got 1 for free and i plan to spend more on costumes and weight limits, things like that. The game ""looks"" awesome I can give you that however it lacks a lot of mmorpg aspects that could make it a powerhouse. Lately I feel that this game is just all about the character looks and the beautiful environment, the npcs and mosnters doesnt look great at all. The game is designed for end-game so not a lot of fun in the middle level or low level, everybody levels so fast. The weapons and armors are very few and most are ugly and nothing outstanding, you need to buy a costume to look bada$$. This is a serious let down for me, imagine 90% of the time all players are wearing the same weapons and armor so there isnt the exciting  feeling of being unique and hunting some boss down to get that non existent weapon/armor. There is a lot to do in-game like life professions such as trading, farming....its a good thing, sometimes you forget about leveling and just doing life professions instead. This game also lacks a lot of tutorials, you need your friendly google while playing this game also dont forget about the calculator to compute some stuff lol. The community chat is quite dead, I mean there are a lot of people chatting but its usually just kids trolling the same thing over and over again like alienware, p2w, etc.Bottomline is I am a bit disappointed, its not a game that will hook you up for hours of gaming..maybe in the first few weeks yes...i myself get sleepy after 2 hours of playing when usually I play 2 days non stop with just a coke beside me (typical asian). Dont get me wrong I love grinding games and I am not a fan of fast leveling ones with quests because I feel its not too rewarding. Marketplace is also broken, stuff costs as much as 200 million or more, money is easy but seeing a market with those values you can say that its broken and its going down soon.Sadly though, it is the best mmorpg I know that exist right now since the better ones are really old. So if you are looking for an mmorpg to kill time while waiting for something better, then this is it."
76561198149232074,Recommended,582660,33354793,Posted: 7 July,all,willderyes,"This is only my second review and this game is certainly worthy of me taking the time to tickle the keys. If you would like to play WOW on steriods, combined with Everquest and a little Elders Scolls Online, then this is it. And if on the outside chance you don't like it you're only out $7.99 USD. Heck, you can't even get out of a fast food place for that. And I am going make this short and sweet so can get PLAYIN""!!!!Cons: A little cartoonish with some anime type characters.A flurry of combat moves that are too fact to see, i.e. no finnese in combat.No gender selection within classes. But hey these days who knows what gender they are anyway.You have to actually READ stuff to know what's going on.(hey you're old enough to know nothings perfect, you'll get over it)Pros:  A TON OF THINGS TO DO!!!Quests are chained and short and sweet.It is FUN.I love whacking things.Did I mention that there are a ton of things to do? If you're tired of one, do something else.For me, the game just draws you in. I have selved all of my other games and been playing this three days straight.I'm an older gamer. I am 69 years young. But this game makes me feel younger. It reminds me of all those old school MPG's but all updated. I say give it a try. For the price of ONE Sunday afternoon at the movies you just might get days, weeks, months of fun.Oh and don't worry about the rootware thing. It's been pretty well debunked. I have no problems on my Win 10.Have Fun!!!"
,Recommended,582660,32231274,Posted: 6 June,all,Semo,"Game is pretty fun so far, except the anti-cheat thing seems pretty dumb but everything else is pretty damn cool, at first it may seem boring and overwhelming but after a few days you will get a hang of it and it will be more fun, this game isn't for everyone."
76561197960427250,Not Recommended,582660,32002801,Posted: 27 May,all,✪ Tkay,"Stay away, all it does is consume your life and makes you rage."
,Recommended,582660,33233791,Posted: 4 July,all,Iroha,Vast character-developement and i like that. :)
76561198081473356,Recommended,582660,32001769,Posted: 27 May,all,kjb2012,"I don't usually like MMO's but I like this game.Pros:-Really cheap.-No monthly cost.-One of the best character creators I've ever seen.-Wide range of things to do.-Can loose track of what you're doing and end up doing something completely different.-Wide range of classes.-Graphics are nice (could be better).-Runs well.-The map is massive.-Combat can be fun.-Can own house, boat, mount, pets and even have your own buisness.Cons:-Early on the game is really easy, you only really need to use 1 attack.-You pay to your characters appearance.-The story isn't really amazing (but it's not so bad).-Wide range of classes may make you want to change in the middle of a playthrough.Overall 7/10Good game"
,Recommended,582660,32029870,Posted: 28 May,all,if2019,"New to the game, so far its great.  However I highly recommend watching a noob tutorial on youtube and for the love of god read your quest.... this is not a dumbed down mmo.  YOU HAVE TO READ!!! as i learned the hard way lol."
76561198019826505,Recommended,582660,31996289,Posted: 27 May,all,Soup Lime,"Stunning MMORPG packed full of content and its own unique systems allowing for many different playstyles and ways to scratch that itch for progression. The first couple hours really don't do this game justice and I feel they need to invest into improving the starter area and tutorial. I feel the design is rather stop and start by having to frequently go between forced tutorials or dialogue with the black spirit, but once the game opens up you find yourself full of wanderlust to explore and gain resources."
,Recommended,582660,32050575,Posted: 29 May,all,flying,"only played for a few hours but most fun ive had on an mmo, not usually a fan of them. also u can make a pretty hot waifu."
,Recommended,582660,33256860,Posted: 4 July,all,Twitch|GatlynKing,"I was gonna write a list of pros and cons but there are many things that can be both a pro and a con, depending on the person. So, I'll write it in a paragraph so bare with me. At the time of writing this I'm a Lvl 51 Valkyrie.First off, the combat is absolutely exhilarating! I can't stand to play some MMORPGs just because the combat is boring but with BDO (Black Desert Online) you have to do combos with both your mouse and keyboard and it makes the game fun. The character creation is also amazing, there are a lot of customisation options and you can do almost whatever you want with your character to make them unique. The map is insanely huge and there is no fast travel so you gotta do everything on foot, horse, camel, or elephant. One of the main things I don't like is that armour has little to no effect on your character's appearance. You have to get outfits to really change your appearance and it is pretty difficult to get them if you don't buy them but this game is in no way a Pay2Win. You gotta do the grind like everyone else. Another issue I have is that the bosses are barely different than normal mobs. They knock you down more, they do a little more damage, and you might have to dodge more but boss fights are pretty anti-climatic. I'm also worried about the endgame. Is there gonna be anything to keep me here after I get toward the end other than daily quests? I've yet to find dungeons so thats not gonna be any help with that.In conclusion, this game doesn't really seem like a good long-term investment unless they add more soon but if you want something that'll keep you busy for maybe a month, depending on how busy you are, then this game is for you. So far I'm having fun and I'm able to constantly grind it out."
76561198039830025,Recommended,582660,33304497,Posted: 6 July,all,ff8,Cool game with open world and lot to do.Something i was waiting for.
,Recommended,582660,33350310,Posted: 7 July,all,Orbital Cannabis,"Seemed like a really good game, but it's not exactly my cup of tea. Definitely worth a try if you haven't play it before!"
,Recommended,582660,32831869,Posted: 26 June,all,Mojohosavich,I love this MMO this game has extremely new feel nothing too overbearing. There always something in this game SO MUCH. I wish they would have DLC's. I play this game 7 hours a day and I'm always finding new things to do. I praise for the Korans for making this my favorite MMO.
,Recommended,582660,33387742,Posted: 8 July,all,Tybow47,Favorite game!
76561198144198710,Recommended,582660,33540354,Posted: 14 July,all,[Spiffo] SilverBro,"Best MMORPG in the world , even better than WOW in my opinion .I love ths game <3 10/10"
,Recommended,582660,33265193,Posted: 5 July,all,Vital Dexterity,150 Hours down and all i can say is Alienware and traps
76561198050860426,Recommended,582660,32876956,Posted: 27 June,all,Trentonius,"Black Desert Online is fun, this game is fun but not for everyone.-Pros1)The Game has great graphics, provided your PC can handle it2)The combat is GREAT, especially when compared to other MMOs3)The game is very in depth, you will be lost at first, but it will keep you entertained for a long time4)Expansions come out fairly often, and are free5)Lots of AFKs outside the safe zone to PK-Cons1) Learn the work around so that you can run 2 steam games at once, a lot of your time late game should be spent AFK2)End game gearing (VERY END GAME, Takes a long♥♥♥♥♥time to get there) has no diversity.your only option for gear is: get boss gear. with small options on gems. Most boss gear in this game does not have an alternative. It is just get that one piece: Gloves=Bhegs Helm=Giath Weapon=Dandy. Id love to see some late game variety, becaise early/mid game has it in droves.3)  *THIS ISSUE HAS BEEN RESOLVED MY REVIEW IS NOW POSITIVE*Server lag is absolute nuts. I know it's a complicated problem, but when hits take +10 seconds to register? I have died to this problem several times, and you lose XP and gems late game. Dying once (due to lag) will lose me only about 1-2 hours worth of work. later it gets much worse.- Yes this is server lag, not my internet4) Updates are mindlessly pushed out from Korea a few weeks-months later. they are exactly the same content/ buff/nerfs EVEN WHEN THESE BALANCE CHANGES CAUSED LARGE QUALITY OF LIFE ISSUES IN KOREA. The developers are also Based in Korea, thus pay no attention to the NA scene.Example: BDO's official English Twitter posted this:https://twitter.com/MMORPGcom/status/880080696030646272NOONE in NA/EU EVER asked for this area to be buffed. Just look at the comments on the MMORPG article linked in the tweet5) The buy-in for this game is NOT $10. You will NEED pets to even casually play this game, expect to spend $40-$80 on pets. Would not suggest more on pets. Any costume so that you don't look like a homeless man is $25-$306) If you cant stand RNG/Ridiculous grinding THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU. Everything is rng, even upgrading pets that you spend real money on.-Edits:I was mistaken about running multiple games on steam, you can it just takes a little googlingReview changed to positive now that lag has been fixed"
76561198112861092,Recommended,582660,33455037,Posted: 11 July,all,✜Bob333✜,"An amazing game with a very fantasy enriched atmosphere. The extent of the world is immense with vast amounts of area to cover and explore, while also progressing through countless quests and leveling your character. The combat is swift and satisfying, with each class having their own unique abilities. Visually the game is beautiful. I admit there is quite a lot to learn for beginners, especially with the amount of features, altough once you understand everything, it will make you feel much comfortable and open to the game. Also one of the best character customizations i've had in a game."
76561198174019603,Recommended,582660,33463446,Posted: 11 July,all,Sero,all i have to say is the game will suck you in
,Recommended,582660,33464269,Posted: 11 July,all,Abrutilius,"Pros:- Great graphics- No fast travels (therefore more realistic, allows you to explore the game and not have empty streets)- Auto-walking to path (makes it less of an unnecessary chore to walk from a city to another)- Great combat (no point and click; free-movement; combos)- Quests level you up constantly high enough, no need for grinding until you get into the highest levelsCons:- Weight system (although semi-realistic, it's extremely annoying, especially considering the limit bank and inv. space)- Banking system being city-specific rather than global (the only advantage is that it's a bypass for limited bank space, but annoying to travel everytime)- The road from 50 to 56 (awakening) takes a bit too long to reach. Given that reaching the Awakening (56) makes it a new game for combat, it should be reached within a lesser time, before people get bored. But it's one of the less impactful cons."
,Recommended,582660,33500677,Posted: 13 July,all,RUST,"Hi Everyone,I have been playing this game for little over a week now and I absolutely love it. As a player that is new to MMO I was a little worried that I wouldn't fully understand the mechanics of the game. But I am happy to say that this game is super friendly to players that are new to genre and helps them dive into the experience with ease. The world of Black Desert Online is insanely beautiful. The towns, the desert, the wildlife and the environment is absolutely breathtaking to take in when played on higher settings. If I were to give any negatives I would say that the mpc voice acting is pretty weak and strange, but after a while of playing you just ignore and laugh about it with your friends. Currently I got my Dark Knight to level 56 and my Ninja to level 51. Dark Knight and Ninja are such amazing well developed characters and I have loved every second I have played with them. I cant wait to check out the other classes as far as I can see they are all extemely well made. The combat in this game has to be my favoorite part. Its fluid, fast past and overall just feels amazings. So overall I love this game and I dont see myself stop playing it anytime soon. If you are a lover of MMO's and RPG's this is the game for you. My final rating 9/10."
,Recommended,582660,33534447,Posted: 14 July,all,Sanktaii_SWE,Gotta get my hoe and farm some potatoes.
76561198374378803,Recommended,582660,32135706,Posted: 2 June,all,racz.daniel.93,"Cool game, excellent graphic but it is a real grindfest"
76561197980595005,Recommended,582660,33476809,Posted: 12 July,all,GMG NZ*SoS*,"I have been playing this game for just over 2 weeks now and are loving it. It has fatasic grfx , a crapload of things to do ,very enjoyable . I would totaly recomend this game if you like MMO`s , also highly recomend you join a guild with a V O N somthing like Discord or Mumble , as the interaction between people is very vauble as you learn the law of the game.Very happy with this game."
,Recommended,582660,33813117,Posted: 26 July,all,SteveRail,"Can't go wrong for $10 and no real subscription fee. It's a pretty MMO with a somewhat unique take on combat.Microntransactions are available, and while they definitely make things more convenient, the only thing I'd consider even remotely necessary/pay-to-win is having at least one pet (~$10). Most of the useful premium items, such as the value pack, can be obtained for free simply by logging in daily."
,Recommended,582660,33807192,Posted: 26 July,all,Dank Pleb,"Good and fun Grinder/Time Killer. Endless content, PVE and PVP are fun and fresh."
,Recommended,582660,33805345,Posted: 26 July,all,YinnVi,Best RPG game
,Recommended,582660,33528461,Posted: 13 July,all,Redmark,"One of the best combat systems in an MMO, but ♥♥♥♥ that and everything related to killing mobs.YOU CAN FISH IN THIS GAME! You can train horses, breed them, catch and tame wild ones, hunt animals, hunt even bigger animals, mine for ores, collect herbs, cook and create drinks and potions, practice alchemy, become a merchant and trade goods around the world, become a farmer, become a craftsman and create furniture, armor, weapons, jewellery etc and sell them for other players, buy and decorate your own house or multiple ones, buy a boat and set sail for an adventure.When there's this much♥♥♥♥♥♥to roleplay with, what else do you really need?Aside from it's technical issues and difficulty curve, it's still a strong recommendation if you like MMO's in general or want to try them out."
76561198059491229,Recommended,582660,33762560,Posted: 24 July,all,Notta,still waiting to see the desert
,Recommended,582660,32145786,Posted: 2 June,all,123,Really indepth game fun combat system.
,Recommended,582660,32394009,Posted: 13 June,all,Chopper,Very Fun
76561198094052522,Recommended,582660,32394529,Posted: 13 June,all,Corgorach,"Pretty good mmo. The combat is fluid and exciting. Only real downsides are:Level up super fast, like extremely fast.Classes are restricted to gender. Ex- dark knights are all females.Otherwise the game is very full, beautiful, and exciting."
76561198124711106,Recommended,582660,32394909,Posted: 13 June,all,TopHatKrampus,a game with great complexity
,Recommended,582660,32396677,Posted: 13 June,all,Noci,"Black desert online  is one of the best games i have ever played, that's all there is to say."
76561197985813774,Recommended,582660,32397340,Posted: 13 June,all,RoBs,Perfect game for those that consider the counting of rice as a quality experience.
,Recommended,582660,32399796,Posted: 13 June,all,baby turd,really good mmoby far the best ive ever played
76561198100975688,Recommended,582660,33801077,Posted: 25 July,all,Maddest Lad,"Even on low settings the game looks great, im even still able to play even though my computer is a potato"
76561198041146436,Recommended,582660,32155886,Posted: 3 June,all,Wicked,"Just started this game so here are my initial thoughts.The GoodGot the game on sale for $6, aww yisss.The character creation is the BEST one I have seen yet. Blows SIMS out of the water. ( although all characters have a strong Asian look to them.)Graphics - Awesome!Fighting graphics - Beautiful and fluid mappingFor as large and involved as this game is I cant express enough the quality of the graphics!The BadThis game is very involved. You will need to spend some time learning how to play and do things as its not as obvious as the tutorial lets on.I wish I had known that the game is a "" pay to win"" of sorts. Everything fun or cool you want to do you must pay a premium price for. Want to change your characters hair? $8  Want a neat outfit for your character because the Asian based attire doesnt do it for ya'? $12-$20All in all, I would recommend this game to most."
,Recommended,582660,32075368,Posted: 30 May,all,Alexander,"Best MMORPG game i ever played, i'll tell you that.ProsAn awesome storyline!Crazy Action Combat System!A HUUUUGE Variety of customization options on the Character Creation!So plenty of things to do! ( more than 3.000 hours of content! )Graphics are just GODLIKE!Realism as much as possible, sometimes i feel like things are too much real into this game. But at least the game slaps me oftenly and shows me that it still is a game deep deep down :PThe Sims XX is right here! You can buy a residence and fill it with furniture, make a business with your recruited workers, craft and do from a variety of things that it includes. Its just so much! Go fishing, make yourself a wagon and trade woods and stuff, oh did i mentioned you can also have a big boat to travel around the sea? this is the new Archeage.ALL Classes have a secondary weapon after level 56! They call themAwakening Weapons.Weekly maintenances with updates! This is so great!ConsIt is a really hardware dependable game, so..bewareSometimes the game Frozes on some really weird situtations, and UI becomes a bit of a pain in the butt to be made more better ( to disable all those pop-ups that you do NOT need to know about and enable all quests to be shown, you gotta enable them manually )Some Gender locked Classes. ( NOT ALL OF THEM THOUGH! ) but its not as bad as like other gender locked games.Final Verdict 9.7/10I Just love its ways of how it is. Is really an awesome game, and i dare people to try it out and play it if they love action combat games with lots and lots of content to do with also GODLIKE graphics.A Small SuggestionIf you have in mind tweaking your pc to make it let out its maximum power in performance and quality at the same time,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=797055633this guide might help you!"
,Recommended,582660,33839372,Posted: 27 July,all,Pezent xd Gamekit.com,Best fishing sim10/10
76561198040811698,Recommended,582660,33730466,Posted: 22 July,all,Darkclaw3050,"Highly recommended for any fans of MMORPGs. I have played many and this one really stands out for its depth.+Excellent customization/options for character and game elements+Huge variety of skills to develop - combat, fishing, horse racing, trade/work empire, whaling, etc+Solo-friendly, take on hordes of enemies or even bosses alone+Great price, no monthly fees+Good graphics, UI, action-style combat requires no target lock or number pressing+Good path-finding and auto-run system-Several gender-locked classes-No fast-travel, each city has its own separate storage-Story lacks coherence-You may play many hours and still know nothing about a black desert-Requires a lot of grinding for high-level content"
76561198002871664,Recommended,582660,33847393,Posted: 27 July,all,Posh,"712 hrs.  Still have yet to see most of the world.  The game can be a bit wonky, and has a steep learning curve due to things that are not explained well in game.. But it is a lot of fun.  Do not let the weird chat community turn you away from what has been the most fun I have had with an mmo in some time.  Also it is ten dollars."
,Recommended,582660,33101959,Posted: 1 July,all,KyronOG,Alienware
76561198296565096,Recommended,582660,33990849,Posted: 3 August,all,Aya,"267.7 hrs and still going strong! You guys should really try this game out. Only one question, WHY AM I NOT GETTING ACHIEVEMENTS!??!?"
76561198261519413,Recommended,582660,32751388,Posted: 24 June,all,Rerum Trading,I like the massive character creation.
,Not Recommended,582660,32188445,Posted: 4 June,all,Nomine,"I recommend trying the game out for the combat system and to see much of the other gameplay mechanics, but I don't recommend the game overall.Shortly explained, the game has a beautiful and lively world to explore with voice acting, singing and music playing npcs. The combat mechanics are fun (you can even fight when mounted). There are professions that make use of the game world and make you explore and monsters drop meaningful loot most of the time... but the game falls short because of it's F2P model and extremely high activity requirements. It just takes too long to progress in anything.From what I've learned so far, here are some of the issues:Electricity bills from having to keep the game on to train mounts, fishing, cooking, alchemy and processing for 100s or 1000s of hours per skill depending on how much you are going to play the game. To give you an example, it takes 150 hours to AFK train two tier 5 horses (male and female, solo, auto pathing, speed +5) to level 30 and breeding them together has a low chance to give you a male tier 7 horse (or very low for a female tier 7 horse) or if unsuccessful, will give a lower tier mount. Higher tier horses are necessary for travel because there is a lot of it in the game.Too much backtracking for quests because of running out of tools, running out of inventory space, running out of contribution points or not having enough of life skill levels.Some of these quests have intentionally slow interactions and travel in between them to make players play through them for longer.The quests also tend to fill up your inventory, probably in purpose to make you consider that sweet 100 inventory expansion.Various basic interactions take 20 (WTF) seconds to perform.You are always missing something to continue on with quests and it takes long to get them - usually inventory space, but sometimes also the things mentioned in my earlier point above this one.There is not enough of CP to borrow items for daily quests (or other borrowed item benefits) because all the CP is invested in nodes or housing for more storage space. Storage space is required for effectively using or training your workers, storing their crafted items and to hold your other profession items. The space is honestly not enough if you want to do other things or even if you only want to focus on one thing. Eventually you have to go do quests for more CP and inventory space, which can be hard when you don't have extra inventory space.Cash shop item prices are insane when it comes to pets, inventory space, cosmetics and most of the things, really.Pets help a lot when it comes to farming mobs after they are leveled (which honestly doesn't take that long) and you can only get one free pet as a F2P player after playing for 5000 hours.Later on you are made to wait for energy to regen to reset knowledge on monsters for S rank advantages - the mob rank you gain from resetting is random.Loyalty shop:1 Day value pack for 1000 loyalties (200 loyalties = a bit less than 2 days of logging in/playing)1 Day skill guide for learning and unlearning skills anywhere - 2K loyalties (not that it matters, i guess)1400 Loyalties for a pet appearance coupon for changing your pet's appearance, except you can only choose from existing styles which you don't have unless you pay.5000 Loyalties (40+ days) just to unlock 1 extra character slot when you also need to save up for inventory slots1 Inventory space for 1k loyalties1 Storage space to all cities in a specific region for 500 loyalty points when the storages start with low inventory spacePearl Shop:100 slot inventory expansion, 54 euros or 1.2 to 1.5 euros for eachValue packs for 30/90 days, 15/45 euros, these are priced fineVarious packages for mounts/costumes typically between 30 and 40 euros. these are some expensive cosmetics..3.3 To 4 euros for an item that brands an equipment to make it more durable and it's repair cost lower (a lot of your money goes to repairs in endgame from what I've heard, but don't know if it's true)6 Euros for a character expansion couponAbout 50 cents per storage inventory slot in each region when you only start with a few.About 30 euros per weapon & outfit set20 to 30 euros for each costume set, most of these have bonuses (fishing level increase, increase in processing success rate, swimming speed increase, can use storage items in processing, hiding character name, increasing gathering level, increased mount exp to name a few) that help you progress.Furniture for housing costs around 2-4 euros per piece or about 25 euros per set. Some of these decorations give you short term buffs when installed to your house and interacted with.20 Euros for mount decorations/armor.9 to 11 euros for pets that pick up items from enemies that you defeat. from what i've been told, 4 of these can be used at the same time. they will speed up your farming by a lot when leveled up.Extra information: You get 100 loyalties per day for logging in, 200 for playing for 7 days, 300 for playing for 30 days, 500 for 50 days, 1000/100, 2000/200, 3000/300, 4000/400, 5000/500. That is a LOT of daily log-ins just to get some loyalty and it means that in a year you can only get around 40k loyalty if you play every day. You also get a cat or dog ownership coupon if you spend 5000 hours in game, which is too big of a requirement.I'm going to be playing the game a bit more to get more worth out of my purchase, but would not recommend the game for players who don't like to spend 1000s of hours to get into the endgame, players that like more freedom in their activities, players who dislike the idea of heavy microtransactions or players that don't like to spend a lot of time in organizing/dropping items."
,Recommended,582660,33165455,Posted: 2 July,all,D,"It's fun, but a big investment. Make sure to take advantage of any experience boosting that you can.Level 49 gives you the option of doing a quest, which is your only way to level to 50. Keep in mind, any experience earned after 49 without having done the mission will not carry over to 50 if you eventually do, so make it a priority.Also, ingame unlockable armor>cash shop costumes."
,Recommended,582660,34011165,Posted: 4 August,all,Yeti's-Urtha,"El único MMORPG que me ha vuelto a enganchar desde 2012, gracias por sacar un juego así <3"
,Recommended,582660,32940781,Posted: 28 June,all,Jaxk0,"Tons to do, kind of a grind sometimes but definitely one of the better mmorpg's ive played in a long time"
,Recommended,582660,32934792,Posted: 28 June,all,Cammy,Do not buy!It is pretty much heroin in game form!
,Recommended,582660,33485804,Posted: 12 July,all,TylerTheNomad,The best of WoW and Runescape combined. Most detailed character creation I've seen in a game with beautiful graphics and animations.
76561198000897853,Recommended,582660,33485963,Posted: 12 July,all,NoLandForOtherCountries,"Love the player-driven economy/trade system! Not quite EVE Online set in fantasy universe as some have said, but it is reminiscent of EVE in so far as there are tons of different jobs you can do, and your experience can be widely different from someone who plays the game differently."
76561198165189954,Recommended,582660,32934693,Posted: 28 June,all,AngelRane,"This game not only has an amazing and smooth combat system, it has so many goodies, activities, minigames, you gonna be blown away once you get under the surface. It looks lame at first, but if you give it a bit of time, it will reveal incredibly well-thought, rich, immersive world, full of fun things to do.This is easily the best MMO I've ever played."
76561198256939925,Recommended,582660,32930473,Posted: 28 June,all,gactech,"The server lag is real, and ongoing. It tarnishes what I feel is an otherwise great game.All in all, Imagine if WOW, Skyrim and Witcher 3 all got together and had a baby; that would be BDO.Visually stunning, the graphics are excellent and even though the game play can be a bit overwhelming at first, with a crafting system that is unlike any other I have tried before, it is extremely fun. A bit grindy but fun. Get past the tutorial and you start down the path to an adventure that seems endless, which is good because I find that I dont want it to end.The character build part of the game could be a game unto itself, and is by far the best I have seen in any game. Infinite flexibility, yet not overwhelming.If you buy the game I would suggest not spending much on the pearls unless the game developer spends some of that cash on fixing the server lag. If youre going to free-to-play, then I highly recommend."
,Recommended,582660,33477313,Posted: 12 July,all,✔️ fragzshot,"If you think it's like World of Warcraft or Runescape, you're wrong. Well, the basics like selling things are from games like Runescape, but how they work with quests and gaining knowledge of certain NPC's and Monsters is way different than it is in Runescape. I have to admit, this game is how they call it 'Asian Grinding' because if you want to level up, you need to search for new monsters of higher levels every time, so you can get more XP from it.Quick first look response at the game:After 5 hours of playing you get to understand the basics of the game, and then you'll see how much fun the game is.I'd rate this game 8,5/10"
,Recommended,582660,32884192,Posted: 27 June,all,Fonzey | Designer,Recommend 100%
76561198048996633,Recommended,582660,33160767,Posted: 2 July,all,davidguo0708,Great game if you like MMO and like roleplaying and trading.
,Recommended,582660,34082848,Posted: 7 August,all,TyrkerRyker,"Njet Molotoff, Njet Molotoff,You told more lies than Bobrikov himself."
76561198085887831,Recommended,582660,33252240,Posted: 4 July,all,Wolfie alex,Any dev who is able to help me get the data of this character model (Ranger)https://i.ytimg.com/vi/D35fVprDMxM/maxresdefault.jpgplease? This Ranger class was screenshoted  when the game was still in beta stage or something and they reviwed it.  I wish the model data so much cuz I like how her face looks like . ^ ^
,Recommended,582660,34108406,Posted: 8 August,all,Neat.qt'<3,"I have over 600 days /played in WoW and I will never return to a tab target combat centric MMO again after playing this game.On top of that this game is so cheap for what it offers. Give it a test run. If it's not for you, It's not for you....But it sure as hell is for me."
76561198106003625,Recommended,582660,32040554,Posted: 29 May,all,police9263,"Amazing, awesome, perfect :D :D"
,Recommended,582660,33446529,Posted: 10 July,all,KillerPanda CSGOBlocks.Com,"This game is truly amazing. The best and probably most attractive part about this game is its base price of $10 and the fact that the game isn't pay to win. The game is pay for convenience, the cosmetic items are quite costly but they do offer style and a little bit of a boost, however you have to remember that this game is only $10 and is also being ported over to NA so just remember that isn't cheap so the price for me seems fairly right. After playing for a week I can say this game is great, yes a little repetative but also vast. I am only around level 50 and so far I already have gotten almost three rows of inventory expansion slots by just doing the quests. If you can play another game for thousands of hours then let me just say you can run this game in the background while doing an AFK task, yes this game offers the ability to AFK grind to increase life skills like fishing for example.ProsYou are able to AFK grind statsThe game can be sent to the trayVast amount of land can be exploredTons of quest, Main and Random ones offered by NPCsGreat combat, feels complex and progressiveDaily rewards (cosmetic items can be claimed from the daily rewards)Absolutely amazing graphics.        When turning my graphics up in the game I ended up crashing due to everything reloading at once. Looks amazing on medium and slighty high so no supere expensive computer needed!Now I either don't have any more pros for now but I will come back to this later and edit if I find anyConsThe quests are fairly repetative, Kill this and Kill thatThe grind is crazy for leveling but keep in mind they have an AFK feature and the ability to send the game to trayCould offer a guideGuilds, Don't want to make one, don't know how to join oneAs of currently I'm unsure how many items are in the game but more items like armor and more awesome combat abilities would be amazingComplexity, this varries from one person to the other but for me i choose the sorceress. This is what is considered one of the most complex classes and it truly stays true to that title. That's why I choose this class.The last con that I can really think of is that it may be too confusing, potions for example don't tell you there is a level restriction so if you are pushing through levels and not switching to newer ones you will be greeted with a message saying you are unable to drink the potion.Last one. Potions might take up a lot of inventory weight when you first start outAll around I find this game absoloutely stunning and worth playing. Besides, $10 isn't too much money to throw out so if this game isn't exactly one that takes your liking then it wouldn't be a complete waste. Better than spending $60 on a game that you wont like."
76561198023321735,Recommended,582660,32087107,Posted: 31 May,all,DeltaStar,By far the best MMO I have ever encountered.
,Recommended,582660,32186155,Posted: 4 June,all,rubert,there are no damn black deserts they are all tan!!!! ripped off reported for fraud
,Recommended,582660,32055141,Posted: 29 May,all,thebloodyboss,Worth every penny one weekend can get you over 40 hours
76561198103460068,Recommended,582660,32357469,Posted: 11 June,all,leileijoker,"Black Desert Online probably has the best graphics among all MMORPGs. It does kind of feel like playing skyrim with those visual mods installed. The combat system actually feels like an action game, better than most similar games I've played so far. And the character editor is absolutely top notch. However, the game has some flaws that could be a dealbreaker for many people:1. Lack of cosmetics variety. I leveled my first character to level 52, and I've been wearing the same armor for at least 40 levels. All free armors look very similar. If you want your charactor look a bit more fancy, you have to buy those costumes with REAL MONEY. The same thing also apply to your horse and house. There's no free way to make yourself look fancy.2. No fast travel. The map is huge. Sometimes you literally have to sit back and wait 10+ minutes for your horse to auto run you from point A to B.3. No free pets. I never owned a pet, and I don't know how helpful they are in combat. But why not make some pet that I can buy with in game currency that I earned?4. Repetitive missions. Well, this is pretty common among all MMORPGs right?So, if you're someone who love MMORPG, you'll like this game. If you're looking for an RPG with great story and gameplay that never gets boring, Black desert online is not for you."
,Recommended,582660,33392837,Posted: 8 July,all,Qle,"Soldiers, exactly at three o'clock, the enemy is to be crushed by your fierce charge, destroyed by your grenades and bayonets. The honor of Belgrade, our capital, must not be stained. Soldiers! Heroes! The supreme command has erased our regiment from its records. Our regiment has been sacrificed for the honor of Belgrade and the Fatherland. Therefore, you no longer need to worry about your lives: they no longer exist. So, forward to glory! For the King and the Fatherland! Long live the King, Long live Belgrade!"
,Recommended,582660,31981286,Posted: 26 May,all,F3JT,Pretty korean grinder with heaps of stuff to do. Personally im neutral to the cash shop but i absolutely see where all the negativity is coming from. Anyway if you like having the choice to do whatever you want and dont mind grinding mobs for extended periods of time then id say give it a try :)
,Recommended,582660,32624700,Posted: 21 June,all,Waffle editing profile,"AWESOMEFree moving with friends, explore places and fighting with lovely characters and play wiht team!THIS IS MY FAVORITE GAME ^^Thanks :#3"
76561198156221725,Recommended,582660,32926889,Posted: 28 June,all,Sho Kosugi,This is the most ambitious MMORPG i have ever experianced. It is so addictive that i play even when AFK. I come back to see status on my workers and life skills alone. The combat is the best in MMORPG genre and there is no other game like this one. The last MMORPG to be this ambitious was Star Wars Galaxies and that failed due to combat changes and mechanics even though toward the end of its life it became popular to the games community. It was too late. This MMORPG however is doing it right strait from the beginning. This game is better than even the Titan called WOW (world of warcraft).So if you try this game get ready to feel overwhelmed because there is so much to do and you start to feel your in a world that is endless. Just amazing.
76561198064422626,Recommended,582660,32900883,Posted: 27 June,all,Apocalypse,"Awesome game with smooth combat, it is only laggy in big towns other then that decent gameplay for 6$ on sale!"
,Recommended,582660,32947720,Posted: 28 June,all,Pete Delkus,The grind never stops
,Recommended,582660,32916001,Posted: 27 June,all,Threedog2272,"If you can get past the steep learning curve and find a decent guild to play in this game can be a lot of fun, or you can just enjoy the game at your own pace."
,Recommended,582660,32890951,Posted: 27 June,all,spongi,good mmo / rpg is really fun if u have nothing to do bc there so many quest and its a good game.
76561198183802043,Recommended,582660,32924848,Posted: 28 June,all,ShadowEagle,A good fun game. You'll feel like you have two lives.
76561198330320157,Recommended,582660,32117880,Posted: 1 June,all,DarkMoonCat,"Absolutely in love with this game. The graphics are amazing. The characters are a blast. The story-line is comprehensive.  And get more obscure with each region you enter. I do want to address some notation that say customization leave much to be desired. To be honest, the customization, from character to UI, are fantastic. However, it does requires a little bit of indepth setting search. You have the ability to use a game-pad, controller or keys/mouse. You CAN rebind keys using your keyboard or multi-buttoned mouse. It should be noted this runs in 32 AND 64 bit. If your graphics are not exactly sharp you may be running in the auto 64bit. The game is more pay for convenience than pay to win. Pet pick up loot, costume give you buffs while providing an even more interesting way of customizing your character, weight purchases allow you to level the amount you can carry though you can also load your character with trade good in-game and level your weight while afk, I can go on and on regarding all the features in the game. I do advise to take it one step at a time. There is so much to do in this game that it can seem overwhelming."
76561198067661663,Recommended,582660,35238167,Posted: 27 September,all,ok333,"I don't do a lot of reviews but if a game that I think deserve recognition it would be Black Desert Online. To summarize it up for you readers it has everything you want in a mmorpg game. If you want to grind then great for you, if you want to explore the world and learn the lore there is that too. What about the lazy people or casual players? Well if you don't have time then you can just AFK since their is profession such as horse training, fishing, cooking, and processing. There is also daily attendance reward plus free silver from npc everyday. The developer spent a ton of time developing a system that allows you different path to reach end game or making money differently. Here are a few pros and cons about this game:Pros:Beautiful graphicsGreat combat systemLifeskillsAlt character friendlyHuge worldThere is always something to doNode warsGreat support teamIt's only $10Great RNG system (enchanting, market, drop, etc..)Different variety of combat classGreat character customizationCons:Not all content in KR server are in EU/NA (such as P2W items and new release content)The world is huge but several grind spot are not optimize well, which cause high level player to invade low level player areasPoor swimming mechanicToxic communityNot enough karma penalty for playersLack of content in high level area (Valencia and Port Ratt) also point back to lack of fair grind spotLack of beginner tutorial systemThat's all I can really think for now. Personally, the game give you a immersion of the world where it doesn't hold your hands and makes you want to go explore and feel it out for yourself. Making this game one if not the best mmorpg currently and you won't find anything like it trust me because I quit MMO a long time ago because they are too repetitive and boring. Also if you read any bad reviews about this game please look at the hours these people had played because BDO requires at least 1000hr+ to really fully understand 80% of its mechanic. P.S. It's not a true P2W game."
,Recommended,582660,32189114,Posted: 4 June,all,Inmate 4859,"It's a very nice game with pretty darn good graphics but for people like me it's very easy to get lost. The UI is an absolute mess, there was no story to go on, you just wake up with a little black cloud telling you what to do. Great game and mechanics, sloppy story writing and UI display."
,Recommended,582660,32169446,Posted: 3 June,all,=SGF= Kaywi,"Amazing game! My favorite MMORPG of all time! There's just so much to do and so much to learn in this game. I just started playing when it came the day it came out on Steam and haven't stopped. Even with the hours I have now, I can't consider myself to know the whole game yet! There's so many small details I have yet to learn which makes it an exciting game to go through with. And best of all! Most of the time on the game I spent is not AFK! :D (Yes, I basically have no life right now. Haha... I should get one. :()The most important thing to do when you start the game is make sure you like your class! Each class is different and has it's own style of gameplay. For example, I do not like the Ninja gameplay because for me it is rigged, and unflowing. However, the dark knight class is something I love because it is the complete opposite of the Ninja class! So fluid, and the class feels like a dancing swordswoman!Also, there is node management which is kind of like town management. You could assign workers to gather potatoes or mine and have an automatic income when you are battling in the fields or whenever you are online. These work with contribution points in which you can obtain by going through with the game's quests and such. It is pretty complicated and a difficult topic to explain on this review alone... So I recommend that you look up a guide when you start investing in nodes. But it is absolutely worth investing in!Aside from combat, there are also life skills, which can also pretty complex to learn about at first. This includes farming, alchemy, fishing, sailing, cooking, hunting and there is a leveling system you can pursue while doing them.In addition, there are AFK activities you can do while you are gone such as fishing or weight training, where you pick up a trade bag and do auto-looping to raise your strength.Customization can absolutely set your character aside from the countless others since it is very in depth to the point that you could customize how you want the face shape to be like, or how short, muscular, or how big you want your arm to be. The possibilites are endless! Aside from character customization, there is also home decorating that can give you buffs for your adventure in the outside open world.Guilds are something I totally recommend you joining! Not only can they be fun social groups if you find the right guild! There are guild quests, guild node wars, and other guild vs guild things that you can do!Leveling feels easy at first... Until you reach level 50! Then it's a real grind and basically where the real mmo game feel begins! In addition, upon reaching level 50, Pvp gameplay is enabled, so players can attack you in non-safe zones and monsters can get really tough, gather up in mobs, and kill your character. I remember starting out BDO and feel like the game was boring with the ""run here, run there"" quests. However, when you look past that, the game is really something. I recommend you give it til level 50 before you judge it!Anyways, I hope this quick review helps! I'm off to the BDO world again!"
,Not Recommended,582660,35336697,Posted: 30 September,all,Clushy,Gets boring veeeery quickly
,Recommended,582660,32915332,Posted: 27 June,all,TasTy ツ,"Grind and more grind....you think you have finished? Bam, more grind..."
76561198250788360,Recommended,582660,35362915,Posted: 30 September,all,Lord_Firnen,"Ah, I remember a time before I started playing this game. In an age almost forgotten, where I went out with friends, did things, had fun. Now, now there is BDO. Oh well, time to go fishing again."
,Recommended,582660,35358494,Posted: 30 September,all,NETHER LORD 159,"Ive only played a short while and ive already fell in love with it completely!! The world itself is absoloutley beautiful with stunning graphics that are beyong the quality of any final fantasy installement.The combat is clean and runs like water without the dumb tap to initiate a battle feauture in literally every other mmo.Everything about the game is unique and i cant get enough of it! The character models are espeically brilliant and the standard sticks with you all the way. Personally its only slightly choppy for me but im using a laptop so nothing to do with the game itself. Finally as a ninja my character can do backflips, BACKFLIPS for gods sake if theres a game i could play forever this would be it."
76561198121679729,Recommended,582660,35325067,Posted: 29 September,all,Jellylungs CSGO500,"this game is well made, soft cap is 55 easy to get to. got to level 18 easily. fun game good graphics and will defeintly keep playing"
,Not Recommended,582660,33973487,Posted: 2 August,all,Dream,"UPDATEDThis Game is Rated ""Best Liars of MMO Management 2017""!Would not recommend this game unless the company change the way they treat their players and actually listen for a change. I am talking specifically re: the NA/EU management of this game (the version that we are getting from Steam). From the decisions they've made until now, all we see are decisions to maximium their profits, despite screwing their most loyal, supportive / paying players base.There are evidences that they rigged the NA/EU version of the game for maximium profit:*NA has 50% the drop rate of Korea*https://community.blackdesertonline.com/index.php?threads/na-has-50-the-drop-rate-of-korea.37614/*New Pet Breeding is Simply Abysmal*https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/4bo8op/the_new_pet_breeding_is_simply_abysmal/*NA/EU Horse Breeding Rating Reduced*http://forum.blackdesertonline.com/index.php?/topic/134712-year-2-mega-horse-breeding-thread/There are other issues that persisted, despite players' outcry:*Problems with Town FPS Lag*https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/5xna0y/problem_with_town_fps_lag/*NA Server Crashed Twice in the Last Week*https://community.blackdesertonline.com/index.php?threads/rip-servers.41976/*A Million Other Issues that are Never Listened / Fixed*https://community.blackdesertonline.com/index.php?threads/helbjornes-suggestion-megathread.38256/How can you support this company knowing that their mindset is to make you fail so that they can make the most money from you? And that under the management of better teams, there are other glorified versions of BDO out there. When I learned that we are getting screwed in so many ways, I intend to confront them and give them HELL the same way they ignored and abused the players."
,Recommended,582660,35369763,Posted: 1 October,all,Sepesusi,"Bit messy at start, can be very confusing.Looks good but gender locked classes are pain, especially woman voice acting.It's like getting orga sm with every swing against enemy. Just cant do it with female chars, even tho you can shapethem to be very attractive. (boob's, yay)"
76561198070031764,Not Recommended,582660,32689089,Posted: 23 June,all,Snoobicus,"This game looks really good in the trailer, but where's the actual gameplay??? The trailer hints at some really cool looking combat but 4 hours in I've found myself just playing quest after quest after quest with me following a marker and then killing the same enemies (which they aren't a challenge at all, either) every time. I know there's other things that you can do like buying houses and workers and such, but where's the fun in that??"
76561198003929940,Recommended,582660,35221515,Posted: 26 September,all,silentdeath1313,Amazing game great graphics fun game play and really brings you back to how an MMO should be. The creators do offer ways to purchase advantages but if you dont buy into it and just enjoy the game and level up and explore and just try to better your character you will enjoy this game. The're many people on at all times and really makes this MMO feel healthy and alive. If your looking for something fresh and have been looking for that next MMO to play this is the game for you......also its only$9.99  worth every penny. Give it a try for 7 days free on their website and if you like it buy it on steam! Hope you Enjoy!
,Recommended,582660,31947251,Posted: 25 May,all,SuicidalNEET,Not running issue has been fixed.[More indepthish review coming soon0
,Recommended,582660,31947304,Posted: 25 May,all,w760iniki3,EDIT: The newest patch solved the problem.The launcher refuses to open after the anti-cheat tool boots. Running as an admin and setting exceptions in the firewall does not help.
,Recommended,582660,31949788,Posted: 25 May,all,Lord Tickle Ducks,The game does not start after the Anti Cheat... I might change my review if they patch this dumb issue.Edit : The problem was fixed today with a patch. I'm changing my review to recommended.
76561198044261483,Recommended,582660,31977096,Posted: 26 May,all,noava tee ex,"Best mmorpg in recent years hands down, give it some time to learn all of the complexities of this game, you wont regret it."
76561197993153538,Recommended,582660,32029321,Posted: 28 May,all,SANDMAN838,"All I can say is WOW this game is niceI recoment  this one for 5.99 get itI only played 2 hrs but Thats  how a judge gamesif a game keeps me intertainded for the first few hrs of playingit's a good one to get and keep.I have a low end PC so it does not run to well a bit laggy, I needed to turn the graphice down a bit to play.but with  a high performance PC OH ya this game would be great."
,Recommended,582660,32038810,Posted: 29 May,all,xxxtortillas,"The game is pretty, there is a multitude of things to do and the combat is probably the best ive ever seen in an MMO. Beware though as there is a steep learning curve and it can be very overwhelming at the start. Take things slow, ask for help from more experienced players and look at a bunch of online guides. Do one thing at a time."
,Recommended,582660,32039074,Posted: 29 May,all,Kalashnikov,Awesome game. It can be pretty overwhelming and cofusing at first (THIS GAME MAKES YOU THINK) but If you simply be patient and learn the mechanics of things you will love this game. If you like to grind and pvp this is the game for you. Tired of filthy casuals taking over your MMO's? Get BDO - papabless
76561198113794740,Recommended,582660,32907116,Posted: 27 June,all,✪ Sergent2424 ✪,This game is pretty good.7/10
,Recommended,582660,32118490,Posted: 1 June,all,FrameEscapist✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,"I know i have only played 5 hours at the time of this review but i have gotten a small taste of this game.  I am a new mmo player if you are new to mmo's i would tell you this will definitely get you hooked on mmo's.  If you have ever played a rpg like skyrim or fallout this is similar but completely different at the same time.  I didn't like skyrim or fallout but i descided to give rpg's another go and this game brought me into rpg's specifically mmo's.  I'll tell you why.1.I don't know why but i like the online market and the grinding aspect(I use to grind on destiny that might be why) you can grind for fish and sell them at a hefty price(for my level), wrap up no.1 the markets are awesome online and a local place that buys your stuff.2.They make this game really easy for begginers, I have played three bosses and i haven't gone below 3/4 of my health yet(I am level 20 with only 5 hours(I am also a berserker who has a lot of health that could be why recomend the berserker)),  they also give you a donkey to introduce the stable and horses so you can know how it works it is also like this for a lot of other things even though a lot is self explanitory.3. The bosses give you a thrill (just like destiny yet again, i guess if you like destiny this is a slightly more complicated version)4. The quests are actually fun and easy to track unlike skyrim and fallout(i don't know if it is just me because i know skyrim has a lot of fans), the quests get you to meet new people(A.I)that show you a lot and give you your next quest.5. It is easy to get currency in the game and buy better gear i am new and i know it is just easy at a low level but to get 1mil silver if you have a good method for grinding you could get it in a day(approximately 4-5 hours of grinding(I only have 5 hours but i don't have a good grinding method))6. You might have to take breaks and play another game for a little while like a quick tdm on a fps or something and you are refreshed and ready to play some more quests it is awesomeTo wrap this up the summary is all of the aspects are directed towards noobs and rookies who have never played a mmorpg, the game helps you a lot during the early stages (I heard it picks up after level 30 and it gets hard at 50, it could take you by surprise if you don't keep an eye on your health).  I have never had so much fun in the start of a game i have not had many games pick me up at the start this easily i am a picky/biased consumer i prefer realistic fps games and verdun was free for the weekend but i had more fun playing this for some reason i still think verdun was good but this was so much better yeah it doesn't give you a thrill as much as taking fire knowing you could die if any of these shot connected with you but it has a whole new thrill which is progress it makes you want to keep getting better and better stuff nomatter what it takes"
,Recommended,582660,32035214,Posted: 28 May,all,Groover,"Amazing MMORPG, incredibly immersive! A perfect combination of FFXIV Online and TERA!"
,Recommended,582660,32117910,Posted: 1 June,all,BlueBattleHawk,Really loving the world and gameplay thus far.Looking for people to play with though! Comment if you're down!
,Recommended,582660,32197913,Posted: 5 June,all,TakMachine FPS™,Good MMORPG
,Recommended,582660,32264802,Posted: 8 June,all,BokehKun @ YOUTUBE,"Good game good price , you can't want more from this game."
76561198051815823,Recommended,582660,35239472,Posted: 27 September,all,futabaanzu,"bdo bring me lots fun but 2k hours gaming 90% of the time is afk fising or sleeping recover enegy. heard kakao gonna make bdo mobile, plz just combine it with pc, pc for battle and mobile for lifeskill!!!plz add more skills for mobs make it harder and gives better drops and higher exp, because current pve system is EXTREMELLY BORING, but if u want enjoy great pvp gvg system, do this stupid rotation is a must! All kakao did for the harder mobs is simply increase hp ap/ap or evation of them, ALL mobs attack type is MONOTONOUS (idk maybe some are not but their drops and exp must be unworthy to do)AND ALSO PLZ NERF ALL POTIONS CD, its the only thing I dont like in pvp, sometimes i even fell pvp means potions vs potions"
,Not Recommended,582660,31945374,Posted: 24 May,all,HeWhosKnownAsIAm,"Do not waste your time.This game, its developers and especially its community are not worth your time.Lets start with the pros of the gameThe combat- The combat in this game is fairly unique and fun, it uses a combo system and plays like a lite fighter more than a button pressing MMO. It makes the PVE and especially the PVP very fast and engaging.That's it...Now for the negative aspects of the gameFirst and formost, the game's community. Calling Black Desert Online's community toxic is an insult to toxic. No other video game have I seen players in detail explaining having sex with children, murdering minorities, intensly graphic homophobic murders, and just about every other horrible thing you can imagine. Im aware this is just trolling, but the developers are such greedy pieces of trash they made it so you cannot even report other players without having a microtransaction item. Only problem is they never implemented the item. So reporting is impossible. This is why asking a simple question will result in a torrent of whispers telling you to kill yourself, that people want to♥♥♥♥♥♥you, etc... Its disgusting and it ends up feeling like a 4_-chan board 24/7. Ive recieved more death threats in a week of playing this game than I have in 17+ years on the internet (and yes im aware they are nothing but trolls but a game should NEVER get to the point where you are dealing with daily death♥♥♥♥♥♥threats, the developer should step in and not try to capitalize on how out of control their community is)Every single game mechanic is designed around wasting your time and trying to force you to spend money to fix the game. For example, this game uses a inventory slot system AND a weight limit system. Items (and even money) will often max out your weight before you even come close to filling slots. Money is also designed so millions of silver is literally nothing so if you wish to carry around enough to even buy a single item, you will fill your weight limit with silver alone. They allow you to put the money in storage banks, but these banks only apply to the town you are in. This forces you to travel to your home town to deposit money (lest you forget which town it was put into and lose it all) and to focus on only storing items in a single town. There is no fast travel so you are forced to run every single time you reach your inventory weight limit. Of course they sell weight increases to fix this problem, but if you refuse to spend money you will literally spend around a quarter of your time in game simply running back and forth to your hometown so you can continue grinding.Progression is really only achieved by grinding enemies. Up to level 50 this is not much of a problem, you can find a big group of enemies and level from 35 to 36 in a matter of minutes with some fun combat. The real issue pops up once you hit lv 50 and the progression grinds to a halt. You go from getting around .5-1% of a level per kill to around .0012% per kill. It takes literal hours of doing nothing but grinding. This becomes even more of an issue if you refuse to pay for pets which auto loot for you, otherwise you will spend a minute or two looting each and every individual body after every single pull, futher slowing down your progression. They made a conscious decision to not allow AOE looting so they can sell you items that do the looting for you since every single mob drops items and grinding is the primary way of getting the billions of gold you need to buy end game gear.I cant think of a single mechanic in this game that is not designed specifically to impede progress and make a microtransaction item more appealing. You can even buy items in the cash shop and sell them in the auction house (which applies a 30% tax by the way that they of course sell a fix to because of course they would steal 30% of your auctions and force you to pay real money for a solution) and outfit your level 1 character in the most powerful gear in the entire game. Want to be uber powerful within the first hour or two of loading up the game? Just drop some real money buy the 30% tax bypass and sell the costumes and pets on the auction house. They are in such high demand because they all comes with stat bonus and buffs they instantly sell, so unless you are sitting at the AH spamming the refresh key and happen to be quick enough to buy the items you will NEVER get a single one of them without spending real cash, so do not listen to fanboys who say you can buy all the items in the auction house. Sure you CAN, just like I can do alot of things, doesnt mean they are even remotly feasible options.Overall this game is one of the weirdest MMOs I have ever seen in my life. Its designed from the ground up to force you into the microtransaction store, but you also need to buy the game upfront. Generally these sorts of tactics are reserved for F2P games, but with BDO you need to buy the game then continue to spend money to get an even remotly enjoyable experience unless you find spending most of your time in game autorunning between banks and leveling zones, looting dozens of corpses one by one after each pull, or quite literally never being able to compete with players at the highest level.Avoid this game and take the slew of hateful comments this review will get as a taste of the community this game has gathered."
76561198045572096,Not Recommended,582660,32068380,Posted: 30 May,all,MasterRidley,Runescape 1 was far better than this garbage.
76561198005384926,Not Recommended,582660,32129051,Posted: 2 June,all,Bored,"Sometime ago I looked at this and did not play it....Then it was on sale so I thought I'd give it a go.It follows the modern business model of making it easy enough at the start with good progression , however it is a microtransaction game (Pay to win aspect features heavily).Gameplay pretty much follows the standard approach of most MMO's these days......."
76561198061060021,Not Recommended,582660,31959150,Posted: 25 May,all,Nuck,"If you like to look cool with new armours 'n shizz. Dont buy this game, as there's an insane lack of costumes (that dont require pearls or the market)."
76561198023404370,Recommended,582660,32054887,Posted: 29 May,all,Notorious,"I have about 90 hours on this game as of the time I am writing this, I am only level 22. Don't freak out it isn't because the grind takes so long, it is actually because there is so much to focus on in this game! Instead of doing what every one else was and rushing to level 55 I decided to check out the lifeskills. One of the downsides to this game is it doesn't really explain anything to you, you kind of bumble around figuring things out on your own. It took me 5 hours to figure out how nodes worked and another 5 to figure out farming.I am really enjoying building up my farm, I am not in a rush to get to the end game pvp. Some of the downsides to this game is the limited inventory space, the fact that using your hotkey bar does less damage than if you use the combo short cuts, the lag on the servers when they get jam packed, and the lack of explenations on anything.For 6$ this game is worth it, I bought the explores pack just for those extra items to start out with and I do not regret it. If you don't like games that take a good amount of time to get into then you should skip this one. But if you prefer something that you can forge your own path, and need to take time to learn the meta game this one is for you."
,Recommended,582660,35463202,Posted: 3 October,all,Litha,Pretty Fun
,Recommended,582660,32138898,Posted: 2 June,all,🔥♞MixRevolution♞🔥,"Spent the first hours creating a character,then it took me 30 minutes to pick a name while using a name generator cause all the names were being used.-Great story-Great combatspent 5 hours walking in a circle carrying a bag of chickens so I can get stronger#MOM'S SPAGHETTI#BOUNCYBOOBS ANIMATION69/10 every weeb's dream coming true"
76561198108816911,Recommended,582660,35503483,Posted: 5 October,all,Hopo,I've played this game so much before buying the Steam version and I just have to say that I like it even tho I had to make a new account. So yeh. 10€ isn't that bad of a prize for so much fun. ヽ( ͡͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ °)⊃━☆ﾟ. * ･ ｡ﾟ
,Recommended,582660,32405851,Posted: 14 June,all,Elsie,"I was pleasantly surprised with most parts of this game after hearing a lot of negative opinions about it. Microtransactions are not a necessity. The combat's fun. World travel and inventory management offer a good balance of quality-of-life and challenge. Travel and adventure feels more significant without a fast-travel feature. Managing my character's gear and assets feels satisfying, and the day-and-night cycle is one of my favorite parts of the game, the way it looks.Apart from the initial information-overload that I expected going into a new MMO, as soon as I got into the game I found many annoying interface, notification and control settings that I had to change or turn off. My main gripe with the game is that it gets grindy. Oftentimes in the main quest line, you're sent on quests to kill groups of enemies by the dozens or hundreds, in a sequence which became tiresome and predictable. The UI is a bit unresponsive at times, which becomes especially annoying when trying to sell items or keep up with the player marketplace. Selecting entire stacks of items for selling or storage takes a little longer than I feel it should.It's not perfect, but it's fun despite its shortcomings. BDO feels like a steal for only $10 USD. Thumbs up."
12234567876543456,Recommended,582660,32064149,Posted: 30 May,all,James Berd,I've played mmo's like ESO and a bit of WoW but i never really enjoyed it.When I bought black desert I played for around 24 hours straight and I really enjoyed it!8 days later and I am still playing this game a lot haven't had so much fun in an MMO in a while!
,Recommended,582660,32050413,Posted: 29 May,all,Lifur,Olvia Roleplay Chat is literally ♥♥♥♥♥ the Videogame
76561198083194434,Recommended,582660,32104151,Posted: 1 June,all,Carno00,Maintinence Desert Online
,Recommended,582660,32055362,Posted: 29 May,all,Evan,I love this game. Grinding for Hours!
,Recommended,582660,32459364,Posted: 15 June,all,Amantehameha,10$ fishing simulator. I love it.
,Recommended,582660,32239737,Posted: 7 June,all,eacrataes,"Really solid Korean grinder. Fun pvp, fun pve. LOTS to do. If you're an ARPG fan, this MMO is for you. Some aspects are pay to progress faster, not necessarily pay to win. Also, the game looks really beautiful on ultra. #PCMR"
76561198061481382,Recommended,582660,32085882,Posted: 31 May,all,♚,Fun game. fun fun fun
76561198048795050,Recommended,582660,32893736,Posted: 27 June,all,I Eat A55,is good
,Recommended,582660,33013416,Posted: 29 June,all,Peter,A realy complex game but it's nice to play
76561198031235928,Recommended,582660,32826223,Posted: 26 June,all,MRF,Want to be a ninja like Naruto? There's a class for that.Want to be a saiyan like Goku? There's a class for that.10/10 great MMO but definitely more of a sandbox simulator than a typical MMO. Know what the game is before you play it and you won't be dissapointed.
,Recommended,582660,33357943,Posted: 7 July,all,_goose_,It's ok
,Recommended,582660,33413309,Posted: 9 July,all,chippo,gud game
76561198345860630,Recommended,582660,33306617,Posted: 6 July,all,Solenya,Crack desert online
,Recommended,582660,32851571,Posted: 27 June,all,wabbit.,"A very nice MMORPG with interesting gameplay and also a nice character creator. Despite the bad review which says the game is a ripoff of <Introduce a mmorpg title> you can't say that because this game may had been in Build before them. I recommend this game also the shop may be a little unfair with pets ,but i heard you can get some of them without paying money."
,Not Recommended,582660,34379527,Posted: 20 August,all,TwinkleStarCrusader,"Starts with amazing character customization, then the storyline starts. Complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, all the dialogs are basically made to be skipped. Most of the quests are pure grinding, just killing the same mobs for sometimes up to 30 minutes in a row. Besides that socializing is almost impossible. The entire interface is based on grinding and the market. So if you're an asian who just wants to grind for hours and hours to become better, and do nothing else, buy this game. If not, don't buy it."
,Recommended,582660,33715183,Posted: 22 July,all,Dismantle,Amazing game.... download it play it love it... best MMO out
,Recommended,582660,32555188,Posted: 18 June,all,Sarsi,Trading is so relaxing! 10/10
76561198066047238,Recommended,582660,32100000,Posted: 31 May,all,Rawr xD,10/10 afk fishing
76561198140415853,Recommended,582660,32164133,Posted: 3 June,all,Setzaroth,"First and foremost. It's a great game. It's easily the best looking MMO with a fresh take on combat that this genre sorely needed.However, it does suffer from the same stigma many Korean MMOs suffer from.There are so many microtransactions in this game that it'll make your head spin. Which would be fine in a free game... But it's not free.True enough there isn't a monthly subscription, but good luck playing the game without something called the ""Value pack"" being applied to your account. (which averages about $14 a month, hmmm what a coincidence)You'll hear the term ""Pay to win"" thrown around a lot with this game. And people aren't inherently wrong when they say that. But I think ""Pay to make the game much less annoying and fair"" is a far more accurate and fair statement.What's the value pack you ask? It gives you +16 slots to your warehouse (bank) +16 slots to your backpack, essentially cancels out the arbitrary 30% tax from marketplace sales, gives +10% exp to Combat/Skill/Life/Horse, enables the ability to invest in resource nodes when you aren't phsyically near them. Gives +100LT to your carrying weight limit, unlimited dyes for your horse armor and personal armor/weapons, and unlimited changes to your character's appearance.They let you start out with this ""value pack"" for the first 7-14 days, at least during this current event. Presumably to let you get  a taste of what the game is like with access to what is arguably, things that should be there by default.Basically the game arbitrarily limits everything about your capacity to carry/store items unless you pay money. Sure, you can upgrade your warehouses in each city, very slowly, but you'll quickly find once you play the game, that you want all of your possessions in pretty much the same place.Your personal inventory space can be expanded 1 at a time with a couple quests... Or, you can shovel money at the game and have a massive inventory (and advantage over others).My biggest gripe is that most of the things you buy are not permanent. You're expected to pay real money for virtual ""services"" that essentially just fix arbitrary roadblocks put in place by the developer. It's like this game is designed as a lifestlye, not a true game. Like""oh, time to get another pass upgrade enchacement, that's just what you do, this is life.""Sorry but no.The actual armor obtained from playing generally looks simple and plain, even when upgraded. This is to entice you to spend upwards of $30 to look like a K-pop stripper in highheels and pantyhose weilding a final fantasy sword. Oh, and did I mention these premium outfits have stat bonues/buffs? Let that sink in...They've clearly got very talented 3D artists working on this game, it's a shame they are so greedy though. It would be very cool to be able to get these types of extravagant, exotic looking armors from doing well against a boss or getting a lucky drop, etc... But this isn't the case. You can theoretically buy these for in-game currency. Good luck with that. I've seen maybe 3-4 premium skins on the marketplace, and they were gone before I could even finish reading what it was called.Remember those facebook games like mafia wars back in the day? Where every action took energy and you could pay real money to get energy back? Yup, you guessed it, that mechanic is in BDO. Granted, it's not as bad as the facebook games, but it's the same idea. Basically you've got various AFK-able skills ala Runescape (crafting,cooking,smelting etc) and to gather resources for these skills, it takes energy. Energy is obtained naturally through playing the game and talking to as many people as possible. You are strongly encoruaged to explore through this mechanic, which is nice. OOOOOOR, you could just periodically throw money at the game and constantly re-fill your energy. Energy re-fills naturally at a rate of about 1 per 3 minutes. Or 1 for 1 if you're in a bed. It takes one energy to gather 1 resource.The RNG in this game is brutal. All armor sets are decent. There are no level requirements for armor, the value comes from gear being ""enhanced"" with things called ""black stones"". Armor is guaranteed for the first 5 upgrades, Weapons for 7, but after that, it's all RNG. Oh, and each time you fail, the max durability of the item decreases.Anyway, if I broke down every microtransactiosn and why it's nonsense, this review would be a novel.Like I said, the game is inherently good, it just has a lot of bullcrap that is derived from the fact that it is produced in a part of the world plagued with gambling addiction and lonliness, and where some people live in internet cafes. Can't blame them for exploiting their target market I guess.The sad truth is, if the devs don't make a change, the second another developer emulates this style of game and simply cuts out the bullcrap, Black Desert will die. Simple as that."
,Recommended,582660,33143594,Posted: 2 July,all,Rob Lucci,"DISCLAIMER: Spend 1 hour creating a character, then when I attemp to connect to a server an error happened every time I try to log in; spend 6 hours trying to fix it while the game was opened with no solving posible. Steam doesn't care about my problem and doesn't want to refund me when the game isn't working fine for me, bacause I ""PLAYED"" more than 2 hours... OKGame: I think is a nice game because the videos from youtube, that's why I recommend; but can't tell with my words If I can't join any server. I'm out of this game.TYEdit: Steam cares at the end."
,Recommended,582660,33042724,Posted: 30 June,all,IvyisLost,"So far the game is very fun, its been a while since ive had a mmo that i really enjoy and stick with. Its got a lot of different aspects that make it enjoyable and there seems to be so much to do that you get overwhelmed at first when starting a game."
,Recommended,582660,32914147,Posted: 27 June,all,Svide,The game actually starts at lvl 56And It takes about 40 hours of grinding to get there.10/10 Would get arthritis again.
,Recommended,582660,32007963,Posted: 27 May,all,☯ Vraelius,After 4 Hours in the game I can proudly say...Character Created
,Recommended,582660,33491680,Posted: 12 July,all,Bum Sex Broccoli,♥♥♥♥♥♥Chick Simulator
76561198009115205,Recommended,582660,32648869,Posted: 22 June,all,mr.Tronk,Fishing Simulator
76561198063131584,Recommended,582660,32059938,Posted: 30 May,all,Colton,"Totally different than any other MMO out there. Was better than I had expected. Graphics are unmatched by any other MMO on the planet. runs smooth on a 7th gen i5 7400 with a Nvidia GTX 1060 6GB and only 8GB of ram on high settings @ 60 FPS. crazy good gameplay, fighting, world. spellcasting and fighting is outstanding. you can use a combination of LMB and RMB with keys like LMB+E to cast a certain spell. huge amount of stuff. totally overwhelming but easy to get the hang of. doesn't just throw you into the pit and wish you luck. Buy it."
,Recommended,582660,32211085,Posted: 5 June,all,Firecage,"I only have lower game hours than most reviews on the game but I want to write a review from that stand point, someone who is new to the game and see if it helps new players that are considering joining the game.First off, it's only $10 and the game is beautiful and it was well worth it! Huge world and more than enough to do in this game. if I stopped right now it would have still been worth the $10!Many are posting a ton of bad reviews due to the anti cheat program that's being used by the company who put this out. Many of these folks dont even own the game so please look at that and draw your own conclusions. I have it on my PC and nothing is being stolen and nothing different than any other anti cheat program. They all want some control of the system to look at files that may be hacks to the game. It's not a big deal ... Now... on to the game side.The game is one if not the most beautiful games I have ever played! The lighting and shadows and animations are just great. When suset comes its fun to just watch how realistic it appears, The water is what I would expect to see, the rocks, mountains and valleys are beautiful!One things that is starting to be apparent.... this is kind of a life sim as much as a game. If you love crafting  it has a great system. it is very true to life on how you have to work at it and estabilish trade routes and learn how to sell and buy items needed. Buying horses and wagons, and dealing and setting up buyers and such.I play a Wizard caster and the spell choices are vast and its easy to  specialize in a certain area.Amour and weapons are abundant and offer many choices!If you try to sell womething that is populr at the marker place the game will stop and tell you that you may be better off selling it there to make more money! This way you dont sell that staff of XXXX for 50 silver and find out later it was worth $5Million silver at the market place.Which brings me to another important feature that I really like and it keeps the economy in check. If you go to sell an item it gives you what the min and max that item is worth out there in the world and you can NOT gouge for more than the economy will take... if you try to sell it for more than max market value it just puts it  back down to the max price at that time. Now you can hold on to that item and wait for the market to move up (or down), its a risky move either way.Now, in all fairness I want to go over what some would consider a downside in the game.It's so big and complicated that you are not going to learn it in a day or even two days.  After 30 hours of game play there are still many things I need to learn, the game is VERY deep and have many undersides to everything in the game. I see it as an upside but some may not.On a scale of 1-10 I give this game a 12.... I am very impressed with what hey have done here... for only $10!This game blows away most of the games that are aksing for almost $60!"
,Recommended,582660,32212749,Posted: 5 June,all,Apollo,"I absolutely love this game. It is (in my opinion) a 10/10 MMORPG. Unlike other games, (GW2, WoW, Etc.) it has a very nice and smooth look to the world and combat. The crafting and gathering mechanics (Professions) I love. Overall, it gives nice options on how to play how YOU want to, and it gives you a lot of customization."
76561198115748583,Recommended,582660,32553269,Posted: 18 June,all,KingSimba,"Made it to lv 50 twice with 2 different characters and theres still♥♥♥♥♥♥i didnt know about that im learning now. This game has alot to do. I read alot of these negative reviews before purchasing and it seems all of them below 30 hrs have no clue what they're talking about aside from the rootkit. its only 10 bucks try it out for an hour or 2 and you get the sense of the game ESPECIALLY if you open the map and check the weather and node system. If you dont like the game within the 2 hours then it might be best to refund it.Also game isnt really pay to win, only thing you can pay for thats good is outfits for the exp buff and pets for loot collecting."
,Recommended,582660,32055970,Posted: 29 May,all,Counterpart,"Hands down amazing. I especially love how in this MMO the action is controlled manually rather than the traditional formula that most games have where you click on an enemy and the action, including evasion and misses, is all automatic with the user controlling mainly skills. The way that action is handled in this game is very beautiful. Though I've only played a few hours so far, I have loved every bit of it. I'm a huge MMO fan but I've been facing a lack of MMO games to play that have been engaging me lately, but this one definitely captured my interests.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update #1: (here comes the tl;dr) As of this moment I'm writing this, I played this game for 10 hours, and I purchased it for $5 essentially. That means that this game has provided me with this many hours of fun at basically a rate of 50 cents per hour. And the best thing is, I'm not even close to being bored yet. Quite the opposite actually, the more I've played, the more I've wanted to play EVEN MORE. And I'm still only playing on ONE character, I haven't even started a second character/class yet. Unobjectively, this is more than worth it's cost. And as for the ""pay2win"" situation, there hasn't been any of that yet. Sure I COULD play for things, but those are a matter of convenience rather than necessity. There's absolutely nothing wrong with that. This game will NOT block your progress if you don't pay, therefore, strictly speaking, it isn't a pay2win. I've seen more pay2win elements from Warframe with the slots (which are far more essential - And Limited - in that game). I pay $5 ($10 after the sale ends) for the game and that's all that's required. Even if I spend money in this game on a few slots and inventory and pets, it'll still end up amounting to less than half a year of WoW, and that's just the price of ACCESSING that game (beyond level 20).-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Update #2: Over 80 hours in now (85 to be precise at the moment). Still love it. At this point I've purchased a few paid items. I didn't feel pressured nor did I feel required to. I simply wanted to support the developers. Remember, I purchased it at $5. And I spent 85 hours on it. That translates to 17 HOURS per dollar spent. At this time it feels justified to support them, and in the process I've also acquired some quality of life items - again, did not feel pressured nor forced, it was simply my way of giving back to the developers who provided me with such a fun game for such a good price.Also, I still feel nowhere close to done with this game. There's still so much more left to do that it still feels like I've barely scratched the surface. Lately I've been really into alchemy and cooking. I've literally been procrastinating on going on adventures and slaying enemies because I wanna make a ton of meat stew, list it on the market, sell it, profit, and use a bit of those profits to get ingredients to make more things. I'm actually having FUN cooking in a game where I could be out slaying monsters after 80 hours in.Also, I got a free penguin as an event log in bonus. Any game that lets me have penguins is 10/10 but when they give it to me for free it get 15/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,582660,33628198,Posted: 18 July,all,Cheunchin,good for relaxingif you like fishingthis s the one for you
76561198243638748,Recommended,582660,32012769,Posted: 27 May,all,FancyPants,"Aside from the numerous bugs, lack of difficulty, insanely annoying UI, and achivements not working properly, it's a solid game that I can play when nobody else is online. 7/10As a side note, there isn't much desert in the game. Just the near-late game."
,Recommended,582660,32932348,Posted: 28 June,all,Zyldra,Good game.If you love MMORPG's then this game is a awsome game for you.
76561198260344758,Recommended,582660,32053168,Posted: 29 May,all,Maverick,This is the best MMORPG I have ever played
,Recommended,582660,32235562,Posted: 7 June,all,Cold of Shadow,"I'm a single player person and I like this game. Lot of content even for beginner, you can spend hours and hours just doing quests, hundreds of them. The game could be a bit complicated for a beginner but as soon as you get familiar with mechanics, such as workers, node management, dialog minigames - it becames fun. Pets are cute, monsters are vary, tips what to do are handy, graphics is nice. 100+ hours in game and no problems at all so far - no crashes, no disconnects, no lag to bother."
,Recommended,582660,32325654,Posted: 10 June,all,ジャラム,"First off, the game is NOT pay to win at all. If anything it is pay for convenience or pay for cosmetics. Sure you can buy pets for looting items but you can also get them off of the market for very cheap. Costumes are just cosmetic and have a 10% exp bonus but are easily bought off of the market as well as valuepacks.  You can get in game money for real money(40usd for 25 million silver coins( buying and selling a costume on the in game market) which are easily obtainable just by doing Life skills for a few hours or grinding mobs for loot.The grinding in this game takes a long long time at higher levels but pays off in the long run because the more you progress the better off you are going to be.The classes in black desert are fairly balanced but the best classes usually can just one shot players in PvP. On the other hand if you get to know the class more you will be able to counter it and do the same to other people. For beginners the best classes to play are wizard witch and dark knight. Some very hard classes to play and master are valkyrie ninja and sorceress in my opinion.Over all this game takes a lot of time out of your life and may seem like a chore to do every day but in the long run it is a very good game and I recommend people to buy it and give it some time.[NA PLAYER] 58 VALK, 56 WIZARD 56 RANGER , BEEN PLAYING SINCE MARCH 2017."
,Recommended,582660,33870659,Posted: 28 July,all,The Jester,"BDO is advertised as a fast-paced action MMO with a unique system of leveling. And it delivers. Rapid, often seamless combos with just the right amount of curve to make a veteran MMO player catch himself messing up, while not throwing a noob into a crapstorm of death.BDO is unique in that questing is entirely independent from leveling, as combat experience is gained through combat, rather than quests. Quests instead offer various item rewards and Contribution Points, which can be carefully planned and spent on buildings, nodes, and worksites to turn your world into a flourishing business, if you're so inclined. You could create trading routes spanning the map or buy up a whole city and the surrounding areas. The possibilities are limited only by your interests.Gaining knowledge is another unique system. The more you know, the more you can do. Energy is used for gathering, using certain shops, hiring workers, and more, and your maximum energy is boosted by the knowledge of your characters. Some characters will offer special knowledge for a little one-time energy cost. KNowledge also makes combat easier, as the better knowledge you have of an enemy, the more damage you deal to it and the less you take from it.The game can get a bit clunky at times, as trying to figure out the map can be a bit confusing at first. As with any action MMO, there's the problem of pay4convenience items (More inventory space or carry weight, minor bonuses for cosmetic gear).Overall, a solid experience.Pros:Fun, fast gameplay.Good newbie rewards to give you a fighting chance.Seamless animations.Beautiful game.Beautiful characters. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Immersive sound.Cons:Somewhat disjointed story.Global chat channels are AIDS wrapped in vegan bacon.Can be engaged in PvP out of nowhere.Gender-locked classes."
,Recommended,582660,31985015,Posted: 26 May,all,Boydz,"I'm new to BDO ive played every mmo you can think of (10 years on runescape) so i understand the grind, grinds can be very rewarding.. there aint nothing wrong with a little bump & grind peoples!Stunning graphics & mechanicsConstoo many hours spent making a sickhead character... wait that was fun"
76561198138227234,Recommended,582660,31984729,Posted: 26 May,all,Riki Tiki Tatata,I like it would recommend giving it a try.
76561197995147286,Recommended,582660,31966442,Posted: 25 May,all,Nom,JOIN BAKA
,Recommended,582660,33662307,Posted: 19 July,all,Estrong1,"The depth to BDO is amazing, the amount of things to do in the game seem endless.The graphics are beautifulExpect fps lag (10-20 frames) in towns and other high population areas."
76561198080800905,Recommended,582660,32558743,Posted: 18 June,all,FaLLeNi.,Realy good mmo with nice graphics and if u like Blade and soul fight style this is even better to be onest :=)there is nice story and there is so much to do in this game u have to give it a go.  aah and one more thing this game is cheap compare to other mmo games its buy to play ^^
,Not Recommended,582660,32818197,Posted: 26 June,all,guest.092138,No AU servers make this game too laggy to play.
,Recommended,582660,32471544,Posted: 16 June,all,Chimaira,"Lots of grind, so if you dislike that, probably not for you. I really enjoy the combat, the grind, and mostly, the incredibly vast world that you get to play in / with. It feels really alive. Runs well most of the time, but don't expect high FPS in the cities, as per usual with MMO's."
,Recommended,582660,32891391,Posted: 27 June,all,loli,achievements don't work gg -IGN 0/10
,Recommended,582660,32003658,Posted: 27 May,all,Potet0,"In my opinion this is the best mmo so far. I do recommend buying this game just trust me, worst case you can just refund after 2 hours ^^"
76561198148268929,Recommended,582660,32277440,Posted: 8 June,all,Bite me,if anyone need help getting the market spam off just go to setting then click game then scroll down find turn off notifications and click on marketplace then there u go its off:p
,Recommended,582660,32554179,Posted: 18 June,all,Selestin Paul,"Don't listen to any of thoses ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with less than 1k hours having bad feedback about this game because they can't upgrade past +7, If you got time, patience and want to chill and have fun with a great community and an amazing looking game with good PVP (Once you are geared enough) and unique fighting style and classes, this game is for you! Just a few things : this game will require a lot of free time and grinding/farming, it's a very different paste of gameplay compared to most MMOS, not that much questing but a lot of killing. This game is not PAY2WIN but more like Pay2SaveTime, you should be prepared to add at least $50 to $150 to really enjoy the game and what i mean by that is to be a lazy c*nt and go the easy way :). Would rate this game a good 8.5/10."
,Recommended,582660,31960537,Posted: 25 May,all,ThatGuyWithTheNiceAss,"I would love to tell you this game is amazing and that it's better than mmo I've played in a while but I can't. The reason being is I never actually got to play the damn game!First the game loads then closes, get that fixed with a patch.Then the game keeps telling me to restart steam, which doesn't work.Then after I get it to load, it doesn't let me sign up then in.And now it just keeps telling me it ""Failed to CreateDevice.""I tried verifying the files, didn't work.Tried reinstalling, didn't work.Noticing a pattern?I considered sacrficing a goat. but I don't own a goat. Also probably wouldn't work.10/10 it's like trying to give your grandmother instructions without a phone."
76561198075217166,Recommended,582660,31990426,Posted: 27 May,all,Alexander,"Im loving it so far. The combat is action packed and fun. Havn't really payed much attention to the questline, but the combat system itself aswell as the beautiful, emmersive enviornment for only 6bucks. Definitely worth it so far. Ofcourse ill update later on :)Also id like to point out that my 99$ XfX Radeon rx 460 can run this smoothloy at 50-60 fps out of town and 25-40 intown all on medium/high graphics. (I get half of this FPS in BnS, yet BDO is much more emmersive and beautiful and runs 2x better..)Edit 8/7/2017Now that ive actually played quite a few hundred hours i can finally put a realistic perspective about the good and bad things that surround this game.PROSHunting, Gathering, Life skills, all that stuff that other reviewers rave about IS actually kind of neat if you have the patience to actually get into them.Combat. Probably one of the best combat systems i have ever seen in any mmorpg.Graphics. Graphics are absolutely stunning and honestly doesnt need an ultra high end PC to run this game fully. However towns get laggy no matter what.AFK- you can literally afk and make money.CONSMarketplace- Honestly, this one is just so toxic. Everything is pre-valuated on the marketplace so that even if you wanted to sell something for cheaper than the other 500 listings of the same product, you are restricted of doing so and must hopelessly list your unsellable item. Basically waste time and money. On top of this, if you are ever planning on buying your armour on the marketplace to get good enough gear for node wars.. etc, GOODLUCK. It is honestly ridiculous, they have a bidding system that is the worst RNG cancer i have ever seen. You will have more lucky getting struck by lightning then getting armour that is viable for node wars through the marketplace. AND FINALLY, the pre-order system is absolutely absurd, You cant see other people's pre orders, so you basically have to guess how much the previous pre orders are and HOPE FOR THE BEST, and on top of that you might not even win the RNG battle because when the item gets registered, it has 50/50 chance to go on marketplace, or to go to hgihest pre-order. People pre-order 3m things for like 80m, its absolutely disgusting.Grind. - As much as people will defend the fact that this is a grind game and thats just the reality of it, they are right. But this fact alone is sad. It really should not be the case for such a beautiful game. They ruined THAT aspect of it. Grind to be good. Or invest thousands of real life dollars.Loneliness- I think the combat alone is fun, but gets EXTREMELY repetitive. Unless you got some friends to play with, be prepared to be extremely lonely.Endgame PVP - Node wars is almost one of the only end game pvp things you can do, which doesnt make sense to me considering this game is so based around being a PVP orientated MMORPG.Thats it for now, until i continue playing and get better GS i will report back and continue this review."
,Recommended,582660,32004385,Posted: 27 May,all,Peeps,the combat is really fun
,Recommended,582660,32004532,Posted: 27 May,all,Darth Rufus,"I've been eyeing this game for some time now, never got it because it wasn't on Steam (cuz I'm a weeb). Came out on Steam so I got it and tis very good. 10/10 , would pay $6 again"
76561198003415746,Recommended,582660,32016078,Posted: 28 May,all,Johnbow,What a game!
76561198380125960,Recommended,582660,32022393,Posted: 28 May,all,Kirito Arena-hunters.com,"i was not into mmorpgs that much but this looked cool so i tested it out and i was amazed by how good it was, the combat system is really good and it makes you feel powerfull"
,Recommended,582660,35304774,Posted: 29 September,all,Aceblue,"Time for a review of my current favorite game: Black Desert Online, or ""BDO"" for short. I'm definitely not an expert when it comes to reviewing games, but I feel like I've gotten a pretty good grasp of what the game is all about after spending a little over 400 hours playing it.Now where to start? I would first like to state that I by no means think this is a perfect game, nor does it beat the other MMORPGs I've played in all aspects. But what is it that I like so much more about this game, that other games don't quite seem to have? The main reason is simple:It's a Sandbox MMORPG.While other sandbox mmorpgs have done some things well, such asBlade&Soulwhich, in my opinion, is a great game but it felt like the content slowly turned irrelevant. In BDO however, just about everything you do will have some relevance in later gameplay. Say, you're leveling a character for the first time and you get through the questline at a decent pace, but then suddenly feel like playing another class. In many MMORPGs, that time you spent on your first character will have been nothing but wasted time. But worry not! In BDO, most (if not all) quests earn you ""Contribution points"". These points are basically a trade currency system that you can use for a wide range of stuff. Invest points in nodes to connect cities, buy houses that you can use as a residence, lodging for your workers, or even make a workshop for crafting purposes. What I'm getting at is that, even if you would have spending your time more effectively just playing your favorite character from the start, you don't lose nearly as much effort as in other games.Time to rate the main qualities of the game individually:Graphics:A stunning 10/10The graphics are to die for. I'm not kidding. This is so far the most gorgeous looking game I've ever stumbled across, and I think it deserves all the praise it can get. I'm actually amazed, that for only 9.99€ (40% discount when this was written, 29/9-2017) you get such a beautiful game. I would buy this game even it it was 20€, and that is only judging by its graphics. (Do note that the game requires a pretty good computer to run at high graphics quality)Gameplay mechanics:High tempo but not extremely difficult 10/10The combat system in Black Desert Online is an interesting one, as it's basically the polar opposite of the tab-targeting system in WoW (World of Warcraft). The game has already given each specific class predetermined bindings for each ability, because the game highly relies on comboing your attacks in certain ways during combat (except for Wiz/Witch hehe xd). You can, of course, put abilities into 'Quick slots', aka. Action bars, for those used to playing WoW (sorry for the WoW references, I'm not trying to trigger people). That being said, I love how dynamic, yet easy to learn this system is.Story:Good but not great 7/10This part of the game, is in my opinion the worst part of the game (tied with the next topic).It's not a bad storyline in particular, it's just that it holds so little importance to what you're actually doing. It is of course recommended to finish itAT LEASTon the character you're planning to main, since it increases your max contribution points and inventory spaces. (Do note, contribution points are family wide, while inventory slots are character separate) The story basically consists of you and your ""black spirit"" walking around on the continent and doing missions such as saving a fort from a troll invasion or wandering the desert to reach the distant city of 'Valencia'.Gearing:I find it ok but that's cause I'm biased 7/10In reality, I think the system is kind of stupid. I enjoy the grind and the happiness when you finally reach your goal, but the road to get there is seemingly endless (400 hours gameplay and still no TRI Kzarka wow what a scrub xd).I can see why this part is the dealbreaker for most people, and it would also explain a lot about this games surprisingly low rating on steam. BUT, for those dedicated players who enjoy fighting to reach their goals and those who won't get discouraged when something doesn't turn out as hoped, I think the system is your perfect fit.Do remember though, all in all I think it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥gearing system, but I personally enjoy it cause I'm a nolifer.All in all, I think this game deserves a9/10for its stunning graphics, really fun combat system, rng gearing system and inconsistent but enjoyable story.Thanks for your time, I hope you enjoyed my review!btw I'm biased af :^)"
76561198403151924,Not Recommended,582660,33563293,Posted: 15 July,all,lucius.tertius.sulla,"Black Desert online has stunning visuals, and a really interesting combat system.  There's tons to do as well, and while I admit that I haven't done much in game terms yet--it seems to have one major failing.  The game simply is not much fun.  If I want to craft, practice professions, make money cook, work out, build boats, fish, do woodworking, grind my skills, and get cool outfits, I can do all that without even turning on the computer.  There is no compelling narrative running through the PvE content, the game has no story to tell.  Would recommend skipping this game entirely as it seems entirely too much like a second job."
76561198032570221,Not Recommended,582660,35406556,Posted: 1 October,all,Alaine.Ninmah,"Hello,Rating this game out of 5 stars. I will point out each pro and con to this game as I have played every class up to this point, Node wars, as well as the PVE and story quest line.Overall this game eats up more time then its worth putting into for those that lead jobs that working eight to ten hour days. The skill gap for a player to catch up in late game is extravagent to the point a player is willing to set down the game and move on. Having playing BDO for some time learning the enhancement process, grinding value of items and money, as well as fishing or other oppurtunities to grab scrolls to repair armor, the amount it takes to go from a +15 article of gear to PRI is on the verge of 3 to 4 hours of straight gameplay and grinding. Noteing that this is just the basic tier of gear. This is a con of the game- Gearing- more time is spent gearing at end game then it is actually enjoying the other end game features of this game. If you love spending hours upon hours of upgrading gear along with the extravagant cost it takes.A Pro to the game- Combat system, easily learned and easy to get to define combo's no matter the class. A few hours grinding as you level will give you a better understanding as well as simply reading the abilities that come with the class. Its fluid and its not a tab target/ lock on target system.A Con to the game- Class Balance, classes are not easily balanced as some do out shine others in small scale fights or one vs ones. Though this game is more for large scale combat, more one vs ones take place then the more notable node wars that come with the GvG territory. This area needs a ton of work though it is hard to balance large scale pvp with smaller scale pvp.A Pro to the game- GvG Node wars. It is a fresh take on MMO Large scale open world pvp, massive scale battles that require each class and skilled person to think to over take or defend a node. Its the greatest experience one has to offer, but its good to be geared or tag along with a geared group for these. Enjoyable all around.A pro to the game- Energy and node system. Being able to invest in the area you grind in to increase drop rate is an excellent Ideal in the game. The higher the node level is, the higher rate things drop including the lower rate items such as weapon stones or yellow border items. Though which requires energy to invest in, all things come at a cost right? Energy is used in about every thing, think about using energy to gather, it is an external resource that lets you gather for crafting or, guessed it, invest in the nodes to increase the level of the node, Now a con in the energy is that you must explore, read, gather knowledge of npc's and monsters to gain energy, but on the bright side energy level is the same across all characters.Another Con in the game is contribution points, it is another form of way to crafting as well as buying housing or extra slots for storage in the city you are currently in or like to stay in whether its the far west or the far east. The only way to get them is log in daily click the reward button level for one hour or simply do quest daily or start new characters and do the story line. It is time consuming and virtually not worth the grind to get every single house in every town, however you do need them to connect nodes, to other towns.Warehouse system- A con, they are not shared through each town that you visit if you put your stuff that you need far east and need it far west, you have to travel all the way back east, then pick it up or ship it as you head all the way back west, it would be great if storage was centralized and shared across all towns, howver storage does allow you to store currency and is shared across family.Lore is a con- especially for RPers a lot is left to the imagination and what goes on in the realm of BDO, its to conflicting in many patterns and allows for many things to take place that really shouldn't, though from that angle many can see it as a plus in this aspect, this is a take it as you see it or leave it matter and most likely only effects those that tend to Role Play in MMO's.Story Quest line can be a pro and a con- it is quick and leveling is extremely fast till you hit the mid fourties, simply only doing the story quest line leaves you in the proper area with your level as long as you save the side quest for later, However it doesn't offer too much of a story and the replay value of it is literally none. One would be better off reading a fantasy book that has more detail per page then the entire BDO main quest line.If I had to overall rate this game in a system of 1 to 5 with 5 being the best, factoring in all things, I would rate this a 3.5 out of 5."
76561198148524131,Recommended,582660,35323120,Posted: 29 September,all,hd.GuramiV,"the game itself is good.it has goodgraphics,pve/pvpbut before lvl56 there is not much to do. the quests are same all the time and the gameplay is the same at all lvls. do not recommend for people who dont want do grind for a long time"
,Not Recommended,582660,35358343,Posted: 30 September,all,Ducky848,"I've never seen a cash shop this extensive, nor expensive. Be warned.The conversion ratio of K-cash to Pearls is 1 to 1. Meaning it's completely pointless, they make it seem like a worthy conversion, it's not. No discounts for large purchases either.And boy wait till you see the cash shop inventory, the whole damn game is inside there.It also uses an energy system to completely limit every aspect of the game, even chatting.To speak to the whole server, you have to buy an item from cash shop. One time use. Seriously.I do not recommend this game, and I Highly recommend you look elsewhere for fun.Very. Dissapointing.The only thing enjoyable was combat. And even that is such a small undertone in the wake of such major limitations. It's a quest grind fest, all so that you can attain energy and ""favor points"".You can't even gather crafting goods without ""energy points"". The whole thing is locked down.And the last thing MMO's need is big brother scripting out your work week like a ♥♥♥♥ing job."
,Recommended,582660,32028527,Posted: 28 May,all,F2004,10/10 character customization
76561198105643941,Recommended,582660,32049091,Posted: 29 May,all,Clyde! Found a N*gger!,Vewyy good game
76561197970334100,Recommended,582660,32107241,Posted: 1 June,all,SADEyX,I will boldly say that its possibly the best new mmo at the moment.
,Recommended,582660,32122977,Posted: 1 June,all,FNARGUNNER,"Love this game so far! I currently have been grinding this game like crazy and love every minute! The so called ""P2W"" features are not even pay to win, more so, pay to ease. I wold strongly recommend this to a friend!"
76561198116816743,Recommended,582660,32397827,Posted: 13 June,all,Son_Of_Tyre,Its a really good mmo. Out of all the other mmos ive played this one is the one i like the most.
76561197996551596,Recommended,582660,32408295,Posted: 14 June,all,Hekteur,"TL;DR: Great MMO overall. Don't listen to other reviews whinning about XINGcode. People panicking over it are either cheaters or technological illetrate: do your research and you'll see how it doesn't do what those people think it does.Pro:- Great graphic.- Great combat system.- Always has events.- Constantly updated.- Filled with features and mechanics of all sort.- Will feel familiar to those used to usual MMOs (fishing, crafting, alchemy, etc... etc...).- Even though the game is MTX based, those are totally unnecessary since you can get rpetty much everything with in-game money.- If you feel like supporting the dev with some money, the explorer pack is more than enough.- Plenty of loyalty and activity rewards.- System and UI is highly customizable.- I haven't seen any gold farmer spam, bots or any kind of cheaters yet.Cons:- Will feel overwhelming for newcomers.- The game is kinda power hungry for an MMO, but not that bad if your computer isn't too old.- The game does spam a lot of market prompt.- Chat is filled with profanity spammers."
,Recommended,582660,32015264,Posted: 28 May,all,Zack. 0x143,Great MMORPG sandbox game!So much to do.
,Recommended,582660,32016001,Posted: 28 May,all,BOT Larry,"Trying to get lost in a game you'll never fully understand? WELCOME TO BLACK DESERT.Have fun, and don't forget your lantern. :]"
76561198060627927,Recommended,582660,32107334,Posted: 1 June,all,Isaac,-Best combat in an mmo i've seen-Tons and tons of things to do in game or afk-Amazing graphics-Very active with updates/fixes-Worth the price tag
,Recommended,582660,32582049,Posted: 19 June,all,Bob Ross Lives On,"My first MMORPG type game and it's good. Confusing af at first but once you learn the ropes, it's a good game. Only complaint is that if you want to customize your character or buy a pet, you gotta spend like $30. But overall, well worth spending $10 on."
76561198120316739,Recommended,582660,31977774,Posted: 26 May,all,DankusMemeus,"great game and if you like vindictus. you will love this game because it has a similar combat system, but in an open world besides instance dungeons. its worth at $10 and if you are having problems like missing file privilages reinstall steam into a new file and it should work. it worked for me."
76561198003751738,Recommended,582660,32082339,Posted: 31 May,all,★Electroz StarWolf★,I love the game so far i've spent 88 full hours looking in a chat where they only talk about traps constantly no breaks.. i have a slight feeling the developers are traps aswell... good game tho! :D
,Not Recommended,582660,34269032,Posted: 15 August,all,♥PanPakaPan!♥,"To be honest i really wanted to play this game and i thought i would be able too just get on make an acount and play. but after trying for 2 days searching through fourms, reddit, even the steam disscusion page and i cant get the stupid launcher to work. every time i start it it sttuters for a second then just dosent respond and my play time reflects just how much time i spent trying the launcher over and over with difrent solutions so i just gave up.as im typeing this im in the prosses of getting a refund and i hope that for f***'s sake i can get the main virsion off their website and play the game.i have no idea if this was just for me or if this is a common problem for the game now but it is just un acceptable from any way you look at it."
,Recommended,582660,32563986,Posted: 19 June,all,Lyfa,"Nice gameplay and graphics, one of the new type MMORPG I recommend for many to try out.+ Points:. Fantastic graphics.. Unique gameplay.. Unique ideas for a MMORPG.. A very big community.- Points:. No real end-game content, which got me bored fast.. No teleport points.. Game crashes allot if your computer is outdated.. Gameplay starts easy then all of a sudden turns really hard around lvl 50."
,Recommended,582660,32070610,Posted: 30 May,all,Oz King,"So Intense, So Beautiful, So Much To Do! This is one of the most epic games I've ever ever EVER played!"
76561198045560676,Not Recommended,582660,35460598,Posted: 3 October,all,Necrologist,"A very bare and boring MMO with little to no staying power, even in the early levels. with a massive population of bots, and an economy worse than Greece. Little more than eye candy, not a game that's enjoyable. And the thing that would have saved it in my eyes, would be playing it with friends. However I found it nigh impossible to keep track of where friends are on the battlefield, or even finding them when we were doing the almost ridiculous amount of ""go here, talk to this dude; rinse and repeat"" quests that didnt even involve the game's combat. the story is almost lunacy to try and keep track of, it tries to throw way too many plot points at you at once. too easily overwhelming even someone who likes complex stories in games. stear clear if you want a good MMO experience."
76561197995402265,Not Recommended,582660,35421915,Posted: 2 October,all,ILoveJesus,I quit because of the horrible weight system. As you get to a higher level and start trying to gain wealth the weight system destroys the game. Totally need to pay a ton of money if you want to play end game at a reasonable pace. I bought the $30 dollar version btw.
,Recommended,582660,35397088,Posted: 1 October,all,[BLS] loonatic ☭,BDO got some nice graphics and gameplay. Skyrim but in an MMO form.
,Not Recommended,582660,35138519,Posted: 22 September,all,defendersofreason,"I wanted to give this game a more than fair chance, before writing a review. Their are some interesting concepts that I feel if they truly look into them and fix some issues could have something here...but in all this is a game that has amazing potential but every time you think it gets close to sealing the deal...it just stays out of reach of it.World bosses....I have always been a fan of World bosses in MMORPGS, and World PVP. I think it introduces a fun dynamic within the worlds that they clearly spent a ton of time building for us to play in, and I never understood why devs would instead relegate them to nothing more than mere loading screens or social hubs. Throw a world boss or open up some interesting pvp dynamics outside of instances to keep players engaged. This game has one of the largest worlds I have come across that is beautiful animated and rendered...only to be suckered into horrible optimization and lag when it comes to world boss encounters. I have tested this on multiple pcs and it isn't because of my low mid tier rig, but because their servers are unable to handle x amount of players in a certain area at certain time. Which leaves you outside of these encounters at times running into horrid fps lag while running through heavily congested areas. This was tested all with lowest settings on. With how these World bosses have mechanics that insta kill you in a game that will penalize you for dying by losing % of xp, unless willing to buy in game shop with real world money item, only makes people think that the true focus for devs is to milk as much money out of you instead of guarunteeing a good experience.Lack of diversity in gear, truly makes one of the largest immersive aspects of MMOs fail here. They have less options than WoW has when it comes to Xmog, (Xmog by the way is a micro transaction). Even outside of that, their really isn't any variance with gear. This could be for 2 major reasons. 1. Makes it easier to balance for pvp since this is a HEAVY pvp reliant game. 2. In order to make the game more profitable they spend less time developing new peaces of different aspect gear.Another issue I have with this game, is you really have to listen to the Tier system for PVP. Certain classes just wont perform and thats not cause of skill, but because they are just poorly balanced. Which leads you to the WoW PVP dilemma...and something I saw a former guildie do, with each PVP balance patch they would level that Meta's OP PVPER. I see it in this game just as heavily. Although gear outside of weapons is usable across all classes, weapons are where this game will make you hurt when it comes to alts.Node Wars, and best farm spots are pretty much for top tier guilds only...during prime time and then some. If you aren't able to get into a top tier guild in this game, be ready to be ganked...and ganked....and ganked by those who are just that much better geared than you. Because gearing relies heavily on your ability to farm at the most efficient points in game. With a game world this massive there are really only a few spots that allow you to amass enough drops to afford gearing yourself for end game pvp.DP is broken. It doesn't apply enough to make focusing around it worth while. Its best to build a glass cannon and focus on comboing the enemy dead.The game overall...is just not fun. Unless you can get into a guild that has the membership to compete with top tier node guilds, or just other guilds in general you will spend more time playing possum and finding low efficient grinding spots hoping to catch up when the truth is you never truly will...and if you happen to get favor from the RNG gods...it won't last because without a solid group and guild to back you, holding onto anything worth while will be impossible. Its best to play for 30 days, take a month off and then get back to it to keep access to the olvia servers. This is a game that desperately needs to up their servers in order to placate the rapidly growing steam community...giving us access to olvia in the guise that its a ""growth"" server that will let us catch up is a farce. we can get to 58.9999 and get a gs clost to 300 sure...but no guild worth its mettle will look at you until your in the mid 300s, or low to mid 400s."
,Recommended,582660,35240138,Posted: 27 September,all,313,this game is better then wow...good job dev
76561198205305045,Not Recommended,582660,35338953,Posted: 30 September,all,SuicidePizza,Very meh
76561198042917560,Recommended,582660,35337713,Posted: 30 September,all,Shadownamesto,"I played this game when it first came to steam, and I quite enjoyed it. My friends joined me, we got a guild running and it was all fine and fun. Then at the height of my fun, I reinstalled my anti-virus and the game didn't like that, refusing to launch until I stop protecting my system. To make matters worse, I discovered that their anti cheat system has buried itself inside my registry, and I can't actually delete it out of my own computer.That aside, I did enjoy the game. It was challenging later on, but pathetically easy when you're caught up on gear and levels. The node management seemed quite good and workers are fun to control, so in gameplay it was fun, but the fact I can't play it thanks to files being locked and the anti cheat hating my anti virus is unpleasant.Do I recommend it? I recommend it if you don't mind not having an anti virus on your system, and you can tolerate it being in your registry. Gameplay fun, Company ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t not fun."
,Recommended,582660,35426153,Posted: 2 October,all,nword,I like to afk fish.
76561198025806816,Recommended,582660,32234751,Posted: 7 June,all,Sketcher28jr,I like Rootkits on my computer.
76561198153937896,Recommended,582660,33074114,Posted: 1 July,all,Go Home,"Been a WOW player and EVE player for more than 10 years, having fun through out PVP n PVE, had fun in a bunch of surviving sand-box games too. I have to say BDO is currently the best MMO, you just have so many different exprience as you like here, fishing gathering, good production process, farming and questing like what a real MMO like, no boring daily~~~♥♥♥♥, just like the Vanilla where none stop doing meaningful and unknown stuff, the sale for the explorer's pack is also a nice deal since a lot of stuff included for life-time use. BTW this is definatly not P2W game. Just hope they can tune every class better tho.BDO is more like a single Dungeon games while you could still have the chance to compete and join with other players in PVP and pass through the streets-.-"
,Recommended,582660,32418539,Posted: 14 June,all,Chizzit,"I personally did not like this game. It didn't quite click for me.That being said, it is a well crafted game, and if you're into this type of game, it's worth looking into at least.I recommend it, but it is a Korean MMORPG, so it may not click for you either. Refund is below 2 hours of play within two weeks if you give it a shot and it doesn't appeal to you."
76561198411564826,Recommended,582660,35090712,Posted: 20 September,all,lucyspepper,"Black Desert Online is my new standard. Any new mmo's that can't at least match the dynamic optics, combat, versatile play options (i.e. lifeskills, single player questing/ boss fights, etc.) and detailed character creation, will quickly be dismissed as a waste of my time and energy."
,Recommended,582660,32697341,Posted: 23 June,all,Rick,This game is sick.
,Recommended,582660,33272387,Posted: 5 July,all,Junkrat Main,"One time I see this game on sale and like FAK man so chep, so i buy it but get very kill coz I vs lvl 50 and no good sword but lots of blakc stones? One frien told me to give the swprd to sell to store and sell blakc stone 2 him and he give me some chicknen for it and he repair but he dont come back online for ages and I dont see on friends list anymore? But for people saying asking me if its good game then yes coz very cheap and nice! Also gierls in it so HOT man my Kuno ihcici have HUGE butt and ♥♥♥♥♥♥S! Fak man so good but need alt tab whne mum comes haha !"
76561198064378921,Recommended,582660,32938422,Posted: 28 June,all,Tuga Sky,"Great MMO, bought it 2 days ago and already have 20h played.Please don't buy this game if you need a life."
,Recommended,582660,32276191,Posted: 8 June,all,Telepuma,"The game is an absolute blast.  It offers so much content for a low price.  There are a ton of classes that fit almost any playstyle.  Combat isn't required.  You can fish, sail, farm, and so much more.  Out of all mmos that I have played (WoW, Aion, Flyff, Runescape, SWTOR, Anarchy Online, and many more) this one has to be one of the best.Just for the record, the game is not p2w but instead pay for convenience.  You pay for extra inventory spaces(you can earn these through questing), weight increases(you can earn through carrying heavy inventories), and pets that pick up drops for you.  Another complaint that many people have is that the game installs an anticheat onto your computer that checks your HDD to prevent any hacking/cheating.  Lets be honest though, unless you have something to hide, it shouldn't deter you from such a great game and its not like big brother isn't already monitoring your every move anyways.  So long story short, buy the game.  It is so worth it."
76561198086976396,Not Recommended,582660,33993647,Posted: 3 August,all,Cookie Bear,"Another game that has no room for Australians.No servers for Asia, which Australia can connect too. But North American Servers and Europe servers? Nope.Don't sell it to us, if you are not appealing to us. Games before have been taken off the Australian market place for reasons, whether it is lack of servers to Australians or our population getting their knickers in a twist over an offensive game.Black Desert Online shouldn't be sold to us, anyone from Victoria to southern parts of Western Australia will never have a chance of connecting. Other parts more north would be lucky to connect. Seriously frustrating when this happens, because this looks like a good game and the grass creatures I killed was fun, but for christ sakes, don't sell us a product that doesn't work with us."
,Recommended,582660,32375019,Posted: 12 June,all,MrCombatGiraffe,"played the game like 2 months before it came to steam, fantastic mmo. with a combat system that i love. makes you feel more involved. world is fantastic. character customization is great. and it's play to win."
,Recommended,582660,32060179,Posted: 30 May,all,blackrose,im old and fat and still only level 53 but i love it
,Recommended,582660,32570972,Posted: 19 June,all,Smokagon,"After more than 300 hours of gameplay in less than 4 weeks, I think there is only one thing I can say for sure:I hate Heidel.Period.Or that's what you thought, ha!__________________________________________________________To get back to the actual review:Black Desert Online (from here on BDO) is a sandbox MMO-RPG with a classic build-up from PvE in Early-Game and Mid-Game to PvP in the very End-Game phase. BDO's combat system is second to none, it's fluent and responsive, giving the player the choice of various combo attacks to cause immense damage to enemies while having fun. Compared to other MMO-RPGs, BDO has the by far most detailled customization option I've ever seen. You might get stuck in there for 1 to 2 hours, depending on how much you want to customize.Grinding requires seemingly no effort up to Lvl. 50, especially while using the Olvia Servers the first 30 days. From there on, it will take you a while to reach Lvl. 56 where you can finally play the awakened weapon of your character (after completing the ""awakened quest""). After that, you will have even more fun slashing and spell-casting your way through the mobs.Like every other game, there are downsides in BDO as well. Since the world is huge (and when I say huge I mean 'Death Star (Star Wars VII) huge') and there is no ""Fast-Travel"" option, you basically spend half of the time wandering around which they covered up pretty smart by boosting up your stamina while walking or levelling up your mount by riding it. Nonetheless, this might be annoying for some players; I recommend browsing a bit, eating something or doing anything else depending on how far you have to walk/ride.Many players complain about BDO being a ""Pay to Win"" game which I don't really agree on. You can ace this game without paying a single buck, it will just be harder. Let's take the pets for example. They are a great asset for picking up items while you keep on fighting, but besides that and their individual special effects (which can be ignored in this case as they only have a minor effect on the player), that's all there is to these pets. Sure, you can save a good amount of time by letting your pets pick up the drops, still, I would not see this as a ""Pay to Win"" case.This might be new, but you get a couple pets after logging in many days in a row, like a penguin which you currently can't buy at the Premium shop and some other pets. Same goes for the costumes. They do have minor buffs/effects, yet they are nothing more than cosmetics. You get permanent underwear and, now and then, temporary costumes for one of your characters by logging in as well. Since you can't buy silver by spending bucks (fortunately), I don't see BDO being a ""Pay to Win"" game.What I can say is that BDO can be very frustrating, no matter your position. Both newbies and experts can be very butthurt about certain topics such as rare drops, grinding, bidding at marketplace, enhancement and many more. I do share the agony about the enhancement-system, though. Failure and the resulting loss of the item's durability are acceptable, but the amount of silver you have to spent on recovering maximal durability is ridiculous, especially in Late-Game. You need way too many fragments and, of course, black stones to recover and enhance the items any further.To sum it up, BDO has a great potential on being the very best MMO-RPG so far, they just have to correct a handful of errors and improve server capacity at least in Heidel. I run this game on max settings, but every time I reach Heidel (especially the marketplace on the road), I can see my PC starting to cry a bit due to way too many lags (and horses). Other than that, this game runs perfectly fine, I do recommend having a CPU running with at least 4.0 GHz and Nvidia's 800 series and upwards, otherwise you might have to be satisfied playing on medium settings.I do recommend this game to players looking for a ""try-hard"" game.If you're not sure about whether you should buy it or not, you can give the 7-day trial a shot. You can find more information about it ontheir homepage."
,Not Recommended,582660,34313335,Posted: 17 August,all,Ultimate Cow,if you plan to buy the game get it thrugh the site so you get the free guest passes. anyone that buys it of steam gets no passes wich is super sucky
,Not Recommended,582660,34304988,Posted: 17 August,all,Fox^42,"Boring quests with terrible dialogue and story. They went with quantity over quality and the worst thing is you have to do the soul sucking boring quests to get energy and contribution points required to earn money.You earn money afk with boring, grindy life skills and the worst of all is that you are expected to leave your PC running all night running at high CPU usage all the time.You are also expected to buy extra inventory space and weight limit and its quite pricey for what you get.Graphics may be nice but the popping is real and ruins all immersion.There is much to experience from this game if you don't mind spending a massive amount of time.The game tries to be many things but mostly fails at all but the combat aspect."
,Recommended,582660,33440772,Posted: 10 July,all,Fred the dog,"What i like that ""makes"" this game what it is+ AFK fishing.+ The node system.+ The in-depth combat system.+ The beautiful environment.+ The advanced character customization.+ The node wars (big battles between guilds).+ The big amount of quests.+ The RNG gear enchantment system (not always though).+ The events.+ The world/scroll bosses.What i dislike- The low FPS which you canSOMETIMESexperience, but i forgive the developers on that, i just hope they are able to keep improving it.- The fact that a lvl 60+ with end game gear could pvp kill you when you just hit lvl 50 and farm at low level mobs.- The fact that some mob area's are flooded and the chance you can obtain a spot can be harder. I know that PVP is in the game for most likely that reason, but still.+/- The fact that pay2win is present, it isn't that OP but in some cases it can be, for example you can purchage elixers to revive yourself instantly without losing xp, however this can be obtained with the free daily currency too.What ipersonallywould like to see> Areas with harder to kill mobs (like the elites or scroll bosses in some areas) but which can drop more valueable stuff, but in trade of that give less xp?> Higher level cap> A ""hunt"" even where ""legendary"" but easy to kill mobs spawn random around the world in any location but safe zones, and they drop even loot.> Additional event loot like little boxes that contain rare items.Do I recommend this game to you?Yes, i defenitly do. I enjoy it alot myself.However if MMORPG isn't really your cup of tea then i would concider to pass on this game.It's very grindy after you reach the softcap."
,Recommended,582660,33407124,Posted: 9 July,all,inco,"If you can handle auto-run taking you off a cliff and having to swim for an approximate hour (at snail pace) to the nearest beach, to then find that you cannot make it to solid land from that area and having to swim for an extra twenty minutes to make it to a town that is 1000m from where you started, then this is the game for you. :))) Good luck in your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ adventures, 10/10 recommend. xox"
76561198092769709,Not Recommended,582660,33760186,Posted: 23 July,all,SEAFREA,"I played 4 hours, and the most important thing is I don't know what I am doing. go to a place kill some monsters and do it again and again. it's a good moba game not MMORPG. and UI is so bad, I can't find anything what I was looking for. the NPC chat is a joke. you don't know what bar u should click. the main stroy, I don't even believe it is exist."
,Recommended,582660,34267787,Posted: 15 August,all,Ledostar,The learning curve is so much fun it should be called a roller coaster.I can't stop playing please help.
,Recommended,582660,34299479,Posted: 16 August,all,NickyG,your boobs jiggle when browsing new outfits... god bless korean mmo's
76561198147141763,Recommended,582660,32278296,Posted: 8 June,all,MaliciousAxe,Other than the Rootkit issue that everyone is telling the developers to change an amazing game.
76561198076790368,Recommended,582660,32296721,Posted: 9 June,all,graodon,"funny how people saying that its pay to win cause having alot of silver with you gains weight. you have to put it in storage so you dont lose it fromt death or pk.Xincode is a problem for many people, but it is alright with me so i am loving it.after fighting for the first 50 levels, youll realise how much you can enjoy the life skills so randomly.story is actually sorta interesting though i hoped they'd let me have free roam instead of the autopath. on the plus side, auto path saves alot of my time.aciton is sort of biased and it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off when i saw that a HACK&SLASH game has a fudging miss system if your enemy has higher defense points than your attack points. how does that work?outside of that, its a fun game in general and the graphics is great. best part is that its properly optimised. im running at ultra with a 660TI with 60fps constant. that should say something about how good they did at making the game playable. this game needs to be on consoles cause console players would love it to bits(just remove that miss bullsh*t)"
,Recommended,582660,33160643,Posted: 2 July,all,wilson boy,"good game, adjustable body enhancements nice"
76561198006523781,Recommended,582660,32144783,Posted: 2 June,all,CNBr,This has got to be the best game of the century!
76561198321929388,Recommended,582660,33210004,Posted: 3 July,all,Wynterus von Braun,"An amazing MMO with a great and indepth economy, the best out currently in my opinion, and I've surfed quite a few of the most popular MMOs out and about today. I highly /highly/ suggest BDO."
,Recommended,582660,33212443,Posted: 3 July,all,Golbat,"10$ for the best fishing and hunting simulator out there. Also there's some MMO stuff involved, but meh. Let me explain.> Spend 1 hour a day for a week grinding and get to level 56 (where the PVP/endgame kinda begins)> Get enough Energy/Contribution points to start a fish market network between the towns.> Hire workers to collect things for me.> Sell♥♥♥♥♥♥(a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥.> Get money.> Buy decent starting PVP gear without having to rely on upgrade/drops since I made money.> Become a whale hunter.> Get dunked by a brown bear.> Have a dance party at the beach with 43 other people wearing a fish suit.and this isn't even 1/3 of the content this game has to offer lol, wait till I get into alchemy and cooking and farming and crafting and sailing and PvE bosses and PVP conquests and..."
76561198005510703,Not Recommended,582660,33590609,Posted: 16 July,all,mortsmi7,"Lets see, the game has decent graphics and the combat mechanics are like Kingdoms of Amalur.  44 hrs in, I'm lv50 and haven't done anything remotely entertaining. I haven't died once even by accident or ever felt like my characters life was in danger. I haven't recieved any cool gear or weapon drops. There's not much skin variety to speak of, even in the cash shop. And from what I can tell, there's nothing but a mind numbingly boring grind left in order to have any fun in the game.I played this far along hoping something of interest would hook me to the game, but nothing has. The story sucks. I don't feel like I have had an impact on the world so far. Other than end game (bosses, pvp, and farming), there is zero substance to this game. I play my MMO's for the journey, not the end-of-journey content, when you have exhausted all content while waiting for the next expansion.  What the ♥♥♥♥ sort of RPG only starts at the end?If you're one of those people who just skip all content and rush to the end of an MMO anyways, this is the game for you.Otherwise, I'd recommend WoW, FFXIV, GW2, hell even the current iteration of Aion or any number of other MMO's over this one."
76561198263585355,Not Recommended,582660,34517445,Posted: 26 August,all,DragonSpore,"Game is god awful! I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone that wants to try it! The problem is, if you dont like it and you say you'll refund it in the morning, you close it out and forget for a day, apparently, while the game client isnt running, it STILL adds the playtime to your game! I do NOT recommend this game, and would love a full refund. Completely outrageous that this would happen to the steam client! The game is terrible as well, but it adds playtime on while it isnt running. For example, i played it for 30 MINUTES! Then i closed the game out, leaving steam open. However! I am still stuck with the game because it has run for 32 MINUTES, EVEN THOUGH THE LAUNCHER WASN'T UP! Terrible!"
76561198048140398,Not Recommended,582660,32457030,Posted: 15 June,all,HartOz,"A vibrant world, MMORPG.Unfortunately the interface can ge confusing, and a lot of the quest descriptions are poorly translated from Korean making some objectives difficult to understand at times.Early stages of the game are a little too easy, not offering much of a challenge.confusing crafting and upgrade mechanics.No support to Oceana or Asian players who have to join the North American servers which causes severe problems with lag.Due to server location, scheduled maintenance always occurs during Australia/New Zealand prime time, leading to entire evenings when the game is unavailable.Significant market spam from GOLD sellers thoughout the game, which can prove annoying.Really nice character creation screen.Not a bad game, but not worth sinking any real money into, as it gets boring quite quickly."
76561198235011232,Recommended,582660,35328461,Posted: 30 September,all,GrandMaster Leo,"This game is a typical Korean style MMO, if you play too much you may burn out very quickly but if you take things a step at a time it can be enjoyable. The major key point of the game is finding a good group of people to virtually spend time with and do random things and not let douches kill the game experience. There is always someone higher level and stronger out there."
,Recommended,582660,32386796,Posted: 13 June,all,Nytren,Best AFK Fishing simulator out there :D
,Recommended,582660,32016876,Posted: 28 May,all,mr peanutbutter,good game
,Recommended,582660,32049035,Posted: 29 May,all,Jei_Pii,1 day = addicted
76561197992768283,Recommended,582660,32049899,Posted: 29 May,all,Apocalypto,Its gud
,Recommended,582660,32581545,Posted: 19 June,all,StrikeFreedomOS,This Game was not what i expected for an MMO to be like.This game is very fun to say the least and so far there is no pay to win senarios that would give me any belief that this game is pay to win.But the game does have Pay to make ur character look dank or sexy. Aye.....
76561198089759239,Recommended,582660,32586084,Posted: 20 June,all,SlashSin,A Very unique MMORPG for both casual and hardcore players!!
76561198080071571,Not Recommended,582660,34467748,Posted: 24 August,all,TinoA.,"If you like p2w, getting killed by high level players for fun, bad servers, unoptimized game, errors (like CODE5 or whatever) for no reason, memory leak and BAD community..way worse than CSGO and LOL combined....THEN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!+ game looks amazing and fun ..only for 100 hours..after that it's disgusting..+i rly hope this game dies as soon as possibleP.s Stupid fanboy responses will be deleted!"
,Not Recommended,582660,33392040,Posted: 8 July,all,edgy,"endgame, lol"
76561198062089924,Recommended,582660,34658135,Posted: 1 September,all,エリナ・アヴェーン,"With over 1000 game time i think this game is awesome and tons of content. problem its a bit laggy while expecially in compact areas with tons of people. Not really pay to win but pay to be lazy..... (buy pets to auto loot, extra weight etc)but honestly a really great game just not really for casual players."
,Not Recommended,582660,34958451,Posted: 14 September,all,Jumpringo,I bought the game hoping to give it a try but unfortunately whenever I am making a character I will get an error saying that I have disconnected and it closes the game. This is frustrating because I can't even play the game whatsoever. I'm refunding this because I have tried a few recommended fixes and alas none have done me well. Please fix game.
,Recommended,582660,32459470,Posted: 15 June,all,lxyfutures,"After more than 400 hours gameplay, I can now say that I recommend this game.It is grindy, in order to be competitlve you have to grind a lot to reach lv60, but I managed to not grind at all-----I stoped at lv56 and play other toons. This is really fun since I don't like grind at all, and I can still managed to earn silver everyday. Think about it, if you don't grind and there's no dungeon, this game is great for casual player like me.About cash shop---yeah this is a big con. I think without 4 pets, the gameplay can be a pain in the as#. See, pets can pick up loots which is a huge advantage. $9 for a pet...? You can decide by yourself.Overall this game is really fun and actually easy to understrand. Hope u guys can enjoy it too."
76561198013230489,Recommended,582660,35279596,Posted: 28 September,all,Pumpula,"For what it is.. this game is the best MMO on the market IMHO. Hands down, best looking world, fantastic character customization, none better for sure. Like many MMO's, there are pro's and con's of course. The game world is absolutely insanely massive. You will never run out of quests or things to do. PVP is on par with others in the large scale wars, again, pro's con's, PVE is great although a bit easy IMHO. It's a great time burner, and if you willing to invest say $50-100 you will get all you will ever need for years of gameplay unless you want total hardcore mode.Folks know the grind, and yes its a VERY grindy game. But there is lots to make up for it. The entire game is built around being AFK friendly and has one of the best ""AFK minimize game and do other stuff"" options.. you know.. for people with a life, family, work, etc... That alone is a deal maker IMHO, as i can leave the game on while im at work or sleeping and make some progress/coins!Gear, yeah, RNG sucks, and fail stacks and repeat fails is discouraging for anyone, even infuriating make you want to kill a puppy type of suck, but also lets mention, hell you really only need 1 set of good gear for 10 characters if you have em. You can easily swap gear to an alt and steamroll stuff. Coin is easy for the most part to make, so if you hate the RNG, simply buy it off the market place, although not a guarantee, its doable for sure.If you are looking for a game to play for 1 or more years at a lesuirely pace , or hardcore if you so desire, then this game is for you!! Pick it up on sale if you can, and get the best package available, as the 2x 30-day packs are worth it alone as well as the free pet."
76561197967455324,Not Recommended,582660,34993129,Posted: 16 September,all,Brandbilen,"As most Korean games; it's a never ending farm-fest. As far as items go, it's completely RNG. Upgrading your gear is based solely of off luck. No skills involved.If you come home from work and feel you want to put in even more meaningless work, then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,582660,32271887,Posted: 8 June,all,Pøsle The Goat,Meh
,Not Recommended,582660,32170969,Posted: 4 June,all,Herbalacious,"Before reading I've only played this game just over 30 hours. Tried Wizard and Striker up to around level 45. Maybe an unfair review since it's an MMO and I didn't make it to the end game (like I said I would before quitting). I just don't want to play this anymore. If you're on the fence I'd just go download the trial version or if you have to have it on Steam just get the base game first.Pros:-Plays pretty good with a controller!-Graphics(4k/8k options). Some people put a lot of time in their characters and it shows. Lots of ways to customize the settings.-CombatKilling hordes of enemies looks amazing and feels good when you link combos together.-Life skillsThey add an interesting side game when questing/grinding starts to feel like a chore. Can be a pro at fishing, gathering, making potions, etc. Lots of options to kill time and make some money.Cons:-CombatI know it's in the pro section, but here's one of my main gripes. You learn all these combos and how to link them together and run out to kill some baddies. They all die in 1-2 hits. Bosses die in under a minute. For most quests I would just aggro a large area and group them up together and link a couple combos and everything dead. No I'm not OP, far from it. The game is just not that difficult when it comes to combat at least up to mid 40's. Then you become awakend and have to learn newer skills/combos since all the other ones will be obsolete.-QuestsThe main plot was interesting and for a while had me hooked, but just doesn't deliver. Other quests you do to gain knowledge, find new nodes and npcs, etc. just feels boring. Mostly because you are soloing all this stuff and everything dies so fast to matter. You spend a lot of time on a horse going from A to B. Eventually got to a point where I would just skip all the dialog for all the quests and eventually even the main plot quests too.-Multiplayer:Most MMO's offer/encourage playing with others, but this game didn't offer me anything to do with others after 30+ hours. It was a very cold multiplayer experience for me. Mostly cus I didn't make it to the end game. There's no real way to play with others until the end game where apparantly it's a bunch of elites farming XP at certain hot spots and killing other players who are in their spot. There are World Bosses and Daily missions to do with others, but after that there are life skills I guess? I could have spammed to join a guild and hoped for the best..but I have to like the game before I waste other people's time."
,Not Recommended,582660,33993723,Posted: 3 August,all,Player 1,Poor connection to server for Aus
76561198080405447,Not Recommended,582660,33854498,Posted: 28 July,all,lavate los manos,"If you like open world PVP then you will like this game, tons of room to grief newbies as well. At least once you hit 50 and leave what is called the 'safe' zones which are typically cities, meaning any of the areas where you would 'grind' to level up.If you do not enjoy PVP, do not buy this game. I have three characters I got to 50, there is a quest that warns you that you could partake in PVP activities once you hit 50 and until you complete the quest you will not turn 50. Not getting to 50 means you can't try the awakened gear to explore the expanded content. There is no consent in this game. There are no PVP or PVE servers. Unless PVP is what you want you are going to regret paying out any money to this company.GOOD THINGSPVP is king, grinding levels and gear is the focal point and you can completely overwhelm other players easily once you have the levels and gear neededVisuals are great, the world comes to lifeAnimations are great, they are fluid and certain attacks have an impact on your enemiesWide variety of classes. Each class has their own unique combat animations, effects and 'feel' for lack of a better termThe realistic environment, and ability to react to that environment (lean against wall, crouch, sit on a ledge, etc) is exceptionalThe sound is immersive, potentially annoying but appropriateMany trade skill optionsUseful information site:BAD THINGS50+ You have to PVP if you want to level up or leave any of the citiesSeveral gender locked classesGrindy, you really need to enjoy your classes animation/sounds because it will be VERY repetitiveTradeskills are painful and borning to level upQuests are the same for all classes (up to level 53 at least_Leveling is way too easy from 1-50 you could easily level a character in 8 hours or less.Certain NPCs are invulnerable and their reach is excessiveCharacter customization is limited (You can't have a fat toon, height is limited by your class choice, a really large giant is 100 times larger than a really large wizard which is barely average hight of the humans.  The facial features have limited ranges you can't have a large nose, or large eye balls, everything stays in proportion. You can clip things  within the face which makes them look stupid)You can not pick up loot from all the bodies you killed at once (While you don't need it thats why pets are for, they pick up loot for you on a 10 second timer)In game documentation is bad (While making a wagon, the game said to combine copper and zinc to make brass ingots. Actually you have to make melted copper shards, melted zinc shards and then combine the copper and zinc shards)Easy to spend money on the cash shop"
76561198054422139,Not Recommended,582660,35461812,Posted: 3 October,all,U WOT MVIII,Wayyyyyy too goddamn complicated and suuuuuuuuuuuper Asian. Not saying it's a bad game but holy hell do I not like it.
,Recommended,582660,32052026,Posted: 29 May,all,Brickbat,Better than most MMOs which isn't saying much but for the price its worth it.
,Not Recommended,582660,35356603,Posted: 30 September,all,Alarrab,"It's just not fun.Edit: There is no endgame and everything is either ""Pay For Convenience"" which they use as a shroud to hide how they purposely set up a grind for absolutely no reason, or your ""endgame"" gear comes to the insane and ridiculous RNG. Not to mention the fact that the game is even more ridiculous when it comes to upgrading your gear because guess what, RNG! Then they introduce thesevalue packswhich is their little version of a subscription... Except you still get ruined by everything I listed above.So in conclusion, if you're looking for a good and fair MMORPG then go ahead and purchase WoW."
13216161743132165,Recommended,582660,35350453,Posted: 30 September,all,Tooƒ,"Not for everyone, extremely fun for some.Don't go in expecting a run-of-the-mill theme park MMO where you run around the world to reach the endgame PvP and dungeons. While this has jists of that, this game is really not designed for players with that experience in mind.However, if you're in to economics/management/grinding/probability like me then this game has a lot to offer.But it's not for people who aren't wanting to learn a ridiculous amount of new things.I don't play it much anymore, so take my review with a game of salt, but I still see myself coming back to it once in a while.Its a gooda pizza pie.Edits:Edit A: Spelling errors.Edit B: I have played a LOT of EVE Online, Puzzle Pirates, and otherwise depth-bearing MMOs that have deep systems that are not designed for casual play. Yes I put ♥♥♥♥ing Puzzle Pirates in that category. If you don't understand why, play PP for your entire life and you will understand... Black Desert takes the cake for depth.Edit C: I want to emphasize the 'management' part of my review. I see a lot of reviews saying the devs force you to buy more inventory space, weight capacity, etc. This is simply not true. Good management of your inventory (assets) throughout the game will lead to a more enjoyable end-game. Also, if you don't get in to any of the professions early on, or you don't make supplementary profession characters, you will have a hard time. This is not a game to walk into and spam 1 2 3 4 5 until you're 2k hours in and are sick of it. This is a game that will still confuse you 2k hours in.In summary: this game is not for casual MMO players. Basically, if you just grind grind levels away until the end you will not like this game. Period. Invest CM into storage ya kids!However, this is an EVE Online player's wet fantasy dream. You need to play it smart. Players that understand this game and appreciate it for what it is understand that there is no p2w aspect (other than maybe camo suit but it really doesn't give you much of an edge...)"
76561198040221012,Recommended,582660,31999775,Posted: 27 May,all,DemiGorx,Alright let me start by breaking some rumors......This game is far from p2w... You do not need to spend a dime in game to enjoy endgame fun or anything...I been holding top 3 spots for richest person on the new steam servers... havent spent a dime other then an outfit.....Now This game does take ALOT of learning and patience but if your willing to deal with that its actually an amazing game...I love the fluid combat..crafting....upgrading gearthe only main issue i have is Red battlefield aka the pvp mode..... Its super laggy and crazy bad desync... other then that its a straight forward game its just not WoW ( which i am glad)
76561198081224114,Recommended,582660,32021863,Posted: 28 May,all,alemismun,"The best MMO rpg I have ever played, the combat system is great."
,Not Recommended,582660,33106617,Posted: 1 July,all,Gorilla Vanilla,"Every aspect of this game is designed to encourage you to pay money, I bought the game for $10 and they value character outfits IN the game at $30, absolutely absurd and if it werent for a friend adamantly wishing i would play with them i wouldnt have even gone 10 hours into this game."
,Recommended,582660,32048107,Posted: 29 May,all,Hipkno,Awesome game! cheap too!! you should give it a go! what have you got to lose? :P BDO IS THE BEST!!!!!!! :D
,Recommended,582660,32018696,Posted: 28 May,all,dzte,Oceania servers pls.
,Not Recommended,582660,33739132,Posted: 23 July,all,Fizzik,"Lets take a look at a single facet of this game: There are World Bosses, these bosses are how you get the best gear in the game. A hundred people collect on these bosses to fight them daily. There is collision between every single random player. These bosses have borderline unavoidable spikes of damage depending on the boss. This means if you are a melee class, you can't move anywhere while a cluster♥♥♥♥ of poor design clutters your screen resulting in you getting one shot every other second. Dying in the game carries an xp penalty as well as destroying crystals in your gear. Unless of course you go the P2W route and buy their super 'convenient' elion items that resurrect you instantly and cancel the xp penalty.Every single facet of this game is designed to make you pay money or otherwise be so inconvenienced you won't want to load up the client ever again. When you first start out it might look fresh and innovative, but the way the scumbag devs have deliberately made so much of the game painful to play just so you can pay money to reduce that pain is one of the most disgusting ""crimes"" in the industry."
76561198176570755,Recommended,582660,32218207,Posted: 6 June,all,KYS,"Brilliant MMORPG, btw traps are..........?and yeah its not p2w."
,Recommended,582660,32636543,Posted: 22 June,all,✦StreFie™✦,"The game is an MMORPG that have a different of games that are very fun to play with and comes along with diffrent skills and move. The game is doesn't include any fan service for nudity of any kind, it has a very fun world that will make you want to play again it also contain PVP within the game that also includes a ranking system, So I think it was a very good deal for $5 (That's how much i got it for) and i would strongly suggest this game if you like 'world of war craft'."
,Not Recommended,582660,34190795,Posted: 12 August,all,Teapot,What the character creator delivers in depth it loses in there being ABSOLUTELY NO VISUAL CUSTOMIZATION WITHOUT MICROTRANSACTIONS. A puddle-deep grindfest that's as generic as they come and without an ounce of charm. The graphics are the closest thing it has to a redeeming feature but it doesn't even take advantage of them because every environment is just nondescript high fantasy blandness.
76561198044102082,Not Recommended,582660,34424169,Posted: 22 August,all,@Monotone_Ryouta,10$ to open a gatway to spending 50-100$ a month.
76561198069109628,Not Recommended,582660,34924531,Posted: 13 September,all,Motorboat My Goat,The game has great combat and skilling and the graphic are good so the gameplay in general is good. However for some reason the developers manage to create a bug or a problem with almost every patch. For me the last 4 weeks have been from barely playable to almost not playable at all. Instead of fixing old problems they decide to impliment new things into the game so the probles are not fixed when they need to. It seems to in general be bad to get this game on steam since many of the steam players I play with seem to have the same problems whilst people who play on the client have next to no problems. So it's great if you're willing to spend more money on it than the steam price othwerwise I wouldn't recommend it.
76561198000939162,Recommended,582660,32581134,Posted: 19 June,all,DeadMarat,A better Archeage + a better Age of Conan + fantastic graphics. Loving it so far.
,Not Recommended,582660,32374303,Posted: 12 June,all,iEpique,"Black Desert has amazing PvP, but you have to jump through quite a few hoops if you want to get to it.The problem is that the entire game is pretty much based around grinding. Want to level up? Grind mobs. Want to get silver? Grind mobs. Want to enchant your gear? Grind mobs. Want to have fun? Go do some PvP. But, of course, you'll be crushed in PvP if you haven't already grinded mobs for hours in order to get the money and enhancement stones to buy and upgrade gear.Also, the in-game community is pretty awful. Server chat is incredibly immature, even when compared to other MMO world chats.That's not to say that I didn't have any fun. In fact, if you can find a friend to grind with and duel with when you're getting bored, I'd say go ahead and get BDO. I'm just not the kind of person who enjoys grinding for hours to get stones that give you a miniscule chance at getting decent gear. More hardcore players than me would probably enjoy the game, but as someone who isn't willing to spend any more money than the base price, and who doesn't want to go through weeks of boredom to get to the fun part, BDO was way too tedious.tl;dr:If you're not a very hardcore gamer, and you don't plan on playing with friends, don't get BDO.It is a fun game if you have friends to play with, but don't expect to have a chance in player vs. player unless you're willing to spend lots of time (or money) getting the necessary gear."
76561198299055592,Recommended,582660,32023359,Posted: 28 May,all,eat5bullets,good game
76561198052426486,Recommended,582660,33996568,Posted: 3 August,all,iRaphahell,"A very unique MMO, it is not the best and it has it's flaws but it is the most unique out of them all, I personally love it !It is worth trying it out to see if fits your style"
,Not Recommended,582660,33819321,Posted: 26 July,all,Deus Vult,"I just refounded this game.The concept is cool, and sure it looks amazing, but thats about it.The gameplay turns repetitive after a couple of minutes, and the design in general is not that good. Besides, classes and genderlocked. I wanted a damn male Death Knight but its not posible.However, even when this game is NOT p2w, I find the way the in game shop works kinda unfair. Items like armors and weapons are not displayed in the game, if you want to change how you character looks (and im not talking about hair o dyes, im talking about something as basic as armor and weapons) you have to pay extra money."
,Not Recommended,582660,33512084,Posted: 13 July,all,shadow,"Took down my old long review as people seemed to be taking it the wrong way, as if I was looking for problems, truth is, I wanted to like the game, but it didn't leave me wanting more, even though I haven't scratched the surface of the content. I feel that the way to improve, would maybe be to expose the newbies to some really high level people to give insentive and drive, as I felt that was what I was lacking having played this game for a little while. I felt like the start wasn't very user friendly either, with the UI by default being quite cramped."
76561198017368086,Not Recommended,582660,33842112,Posted: 27 July,all,hestadon,"If I had to choose between eating this or eating garbage for dinner, I'd take the latter."
76561197962265932,Not Recommended,582660,35378408,Posted: 1 October,all,numberwang,"As a left handed player I need to remap my keyboard to P L ; ' or O K L : if using some versions of the unreal engine. I've played almost every single major MMO over the last 15 years and remapping has never been an issue.....until now.This game is extremely restricted to remapping outside of the normal WASD gaming style, so unless I use 3rd party software to completely remap my keyboard (which I'm unwilling to do), I have to use a controller or don't play the game at all. Controller play would be managable in other games like FF14, but on this its a nightmare."
,Not Recommended,582660,35380162,Posted: 1 October,all,Velocipepe,This game isn't worth investing a cent or your time into. And don't bother trying to get the DLC packs because you don't even recurve any of the items. Complete rip off. Dont buy his game!
,Recommended,582660,32853418,Posted: 27 June,all,Lazarus.Nex,"First I should make it known that I have had the game prior to steam and have well over 5000 Hours logged (Albeit mostly AFK)While it may not be for everyone this game is very immersive, my first few days were filled with a constant stream of ""wow this game has ____! Thats incredible!""  My first experience was back in December and the moment it started snowing and the snow accumulated on the ground had me shocked for what I at the time was just considering a cheap B2P MMO purchased on a whim.  It has now since become my main MMO taking the throne from Guild Wars 2 as my favorite MMO to play.The combat is varied and every class plays differently and you can find something to fill the play style you want.  It's also gorgeous and has plenty of non-combat progression with 10 Life skills to master and atleast 2 in the works, one of which being rock climbing, which after reaching the highest ranks will allow the player to scale castle walls.  Even if you never touch combat there is plenty here.  And vis a versa if you never touch life skilling there is still plenty of gameplay just bashing mobs into a pulp with a stiker or watching the world burn as a Wizard.  And if you tire of one there is always the other.The World is also pretty massive taking a good while to cross the map from end to end even with a good horse and a fast boat.  There are so many places to see while many hidden little gems like waterfalls and calm lakes off the beaten path. If you just go out and look around you'll find some great vistas to enjoy.It isn't without it's share of negative aspects, if you want story, at the moment it may be best to make up your own.  If thats something you prefer anyway then congrats no story to shoehorn into your charactors back story.  Currently there is no traditional Raid or Dungeon content, though ""Dungeons"" do exsist they are an open to all instance and have no narrative tied to them.  End game grind spots can also be limited though upcoming content could change that, currently it's best if you hate Pirates and militia because those are two of the primary enemies you will be destroying after hitting level 56 if you desire to level further.PvP is fun from my rather limited experience and I can see it being something the more competitive would enjoy.Currently the lag can be bad around daily check-in but on NA servers I don't notice it all that often.The game is also NOT P2W, it's at best Pay for convenience and the Pearl shop can be avoided.  If you never spoil yourself with Value packs I feel it would be totally do able without any real life transactions.  That being said I have spent money in game."
,Recommended,582660,32565939,Posted: 19 June,all,Ghost Sniper RS,the game is awesome but can you plz fix the marketplace lag it is terible
,Not Recommended,582660,32113116,Posted: 1 June,all,Semideusfixe,"It was being a great game so far.Too bad the anti-cheat system is a rootkit. How is this allowed, I don't know."
,Not Recommended,582660,32269080,Posted: 8 June,all,WiseRevise,"WARNING: Black Desert Online installs XingCode Anti Cheat Rootkit. This scans files you have opened within 48 hours and is installed without your permission. I am okay with anti-cheat systems, everyone hates cheaters, but you do not get to force install one spy style on me.With the XingCode out of the way, this game would not even launch for me. I don't mean to brag, but there should be no reason my rig can not load to the start menu. My PC eats games like a fat kid at a buffet, and this was quite frustrating. I cannot comment on graphics, gameplayer, etc, because I never saw anything but the first two title screens.Just be warned of the XingCode and thank Gaben for Steam refunds now."
76561198040008407,Not Recommended,582660,32304301,Posted: 9 June,all,Timothy Case,lags
,Not Recommended,582660,32304612,Posted: 9 June,all,nurfgang,"I've played this game for a few days and have enjoyed it to an extent, after learning about the dang spyware that it installs i've decided to cut my ties but heres a quick reviewPROS:-Amazing Combat-Nice Character customization-Decent PVP from what i've seen-Maid costumes-Unique classes and awakening abilities/weaponsCONS:-Absolutely boring quests with no purpose at all (no experience from most quests)-Large but basically empty world-Gender locked classes-Absolute Garbage ui that although can be customized, resets every time you start the game-No ""fast travel""-Most enemies and bosses die in one or two hits giving no sense of reward for overcoming fights-Very Grindy, you have to stack EXP buffs and farm high level areas for hours if you want to level up-Pay to win to some extent-Rootkit"
,Not Recommended,582660,32872654,Posted: 27 June,all,ViVi,-1 Rootkit
76561198036279044,Recommended,582660,31947402,Posted: 25 May,all,desmondias,So my first review of a game. Me and my other half played the 7 day free trial before steam release seen it was on sale time to grab 2 copies.
,Recommended,582660,32897807,Posted: 27 June,all,oLeX,I hate MMO's
76561198274509519,Recommended,582660,32264338,Posted: 8 June,all,Eviliz,"So much ♥♥♥♥♥ing over cheat scan blah blah,Wake up people NOTHING is private nowdays Big Companys trade our emails and stuff to third partys ect,"
76561198159506630,Recommended,582660,33252740,Posted: 4 July,all,Megatron,T H I C C   S U C C
,Not Recommended,582660,32760098,Posted: 25 June,all,Kenjamin,"I've been waiting 2 days for them to delete my old account so I can re-make one. Don't buy this if you ever tried a free trial, because you have to open a ticket for them to delete your old account so you can make a new one.What dumb system do they have in place where you log into the same servers, but if you buy it on Steam, the e-mail you have is tied to different types of accounts that can't be used with each other?"
,Recommended,582660,32360088,Posted: 12 June,all,cuck hunter,Ｔ Ｈ Ｉ Ｃ Ｃ     Ａ Ｎ Ｉ Ｍ Ｅ       Ｔ Ｉ Ｄ Ｄ Ｉ Ｅ Ｓ
76561197973718229,Not Recommended,582660,34550498,Posted: 28 August,all,MayheM,"This game is not really an mmo. More like a single player RPG where everyone plays in the same world on a server. You see other players around you doing their thing but there is no incentive to interact with them for most of the game. After lvl 50 there is open world pvp. This is the point where interaction starts to occur but usually not in a good way.BDO is beautifull, no doubt the best looking game in this genre out there. It runs perfectly maxed out on a 1070. This was the first online RPG since Final Fantasy 11 (yes 11!) that made me feel part of the world. So much is going on around you. The towns and cities feel alive with npc activity. It's all very convincing. There is also a realistic day/night cycle (and on a moonless night in some places you really cant see a thing without a lantern) and all sorts of possible weather effects. From a light drizzle to massive thunderstorms. Your character gets wet, sweats. Gear gets damaged visually (repairable of course). There's tons of small graphical details like this which make BDO special.The combat is awesome as well. If you played Nier Automata recently (or any PLatinum Games title) you will feel right at home. It's extremely responsive and actionpacked compared to mmo's. It plays like a single player offline game. Tera feels downright sluggish after playing BDO.There are alot of fresh and fun mechanics in the game. I'm not going to go in depth here but safe to say it does alot of things very differently then other mmo's. You can have npc's working for you while you play, doing mundane tasks like chopping wood or mining. This workforce has to be managed, you have to provide lodging for them and beer as sustenance as well as storrage space for the goods etc. You get rewarded for looking up npc's around town and chatting with them. There are tons of minigames as well. In short you won't get bored easily, lots of stuff to do.So why the ""negative"" review? Read on;The game is NOT pay to win BUT before you download it, you WILL spend money on this. Probably at least 50-60 euros. Because if you like the gameplay you will want certain convenience items from the cash shop. Things like pets that loot for you and more inventory weight so you can stay in a grind spot for longer. This does'nt even bother me were it not so damn expensive in this game! To give you an idea; a cool outfit for you character (which also gives 10%xp boost) will run you anywhere from 29-35 euros! Just one outfit for one character!Let me tell you about the grind..hehe. To put things in perspective. If you know the game and were to grind you can litteraly get from lvl 0-50 in about 10 hours. Does""nt sound bad you say. From lvl 50-56 takes around another 10 hours. Then you hit a WALL. The grind from 56-57 is so massive by comparison I simply lost interest. 56-57 in the same scenario will run you at least 24 hours without boosts. It goes up exponentially from there. A lvl 61 guy in this game has literally no life, because it would take a person with a family and a fulltime job YEARS to get there.In BDO ingame wealth is power. PVP is a joke and very frustrating unless you have wealth to throw at upgrading your gear (not pay to win just spend a ♥♥♥♥♥on of time to win). This to me is bad game design. With such a nice combat system, why rely on gear so heavily? I have played this game for the better part of 300 hours (the rest of my Steam playtime is afk fishing) and was pretty proud of my gear (+2 mostly). Untill I got 2-shotted by someone... Realistically after 300 hours spent ingame as a regular player you will get stomped HARD in any PVP, be it open world or wars. Becomming competitive seemed so far out of reach that I lost interest in the game.In conclusion;If you enjoy grinding and the aforementionned action games, you will absolutely LOVE BDO. It is no doubt an achievement in the genre. But to any casual mmo player, you should probably pass on this one sadly."
76561198060107386,Not Recommended,582660,35394279,Posted: 1 October,all,dannyboy.2010,"I don't know why this game got such high reviews. The visuals are nice and the combat mechanic is cool, but everything is pretty lackluster. The story doesn't much sense, nothing is really explained, and the UI seems to inspired from 90's banking software. The missions are pretty repetitive and for a role-playing game, there's next to nothing mentioned about the lore. It doesn't help that the game has stuttering framerates and performance issues. I guess this game will be OK if just you want something to do, but outside of the character customization, there's nothing new here. It's the dollar store version of Guild Wars 2."
,Recommended,582660,32364374,Posted: 12 June,all,Maxi,Its just the beest MMO that I ever played... Go for it 10 Dollars is nothing for such an amazing game!
76561198149279511,Recommended,582660,34796019,Posted: 7 September,all,Desert Rebel,I don't understand how someone could put from 100 to 1000 hours into a $11 dollar game and give it a thumbs down...i find the game is worth it if you can have 100 hours  or more of fun for $11 dollars go for it.
,Not Recommended,582660,33427345,Posted: 10 July,all,StockDama,"This game is SO beautiful, I could spend days just making my character. Shame the quests are as exciting as eating sand..."
,Not Recommended,582660,33847733,Posted: 27 July,all,U-3C,"Despite trying so hard to enjoy this game, I simply can't.It's a beautiful shell that's empty on the inside. It has many features, many mini games and such, but sadly, none of them are really that appealing.Combat is quite boring, all the systems are not really attractive, the story is quite poor, the designs are bland and sometimes even confusing. I've completely turned off the music as I'd rather not listen to such generic soundtracks, and the audio design could have been so much better.Really quite shocked at how a game with so much potential ended up like this, with so many issues that even students in various fields of game design and development will know to avoid.However, it's great for screenshots, even though the design aspect is very uninteresting and not well thought out."
,Not Recommended,582660,34555881,Posted: 28 August,all,Methlor,I have never been so confused in an MMO in my life..
,Recommended,582660,32196339,Posted: 5 June,all,Mr.Dabzy,"THIS IS A SOLID REVIEWEDIT: someone actually bought the game cause of my review. :)This game is not pay to win. Stop saying it is. Unless you're memeing.The anti cheat is fine (google how to uninstall stuff if you need to uninstall said stuff ez as that)The community is not like it is here on steamIf you can't run this game in 2017 you're probably on a potato. Let's be honest.Now on to thisFirst off, this game is one of the best games I have played in a while. It is extremely immersive and really keeps you locked in. It's one of those games that you can't just play for an hour or so and just quit. You find something to do and it leads to another thing and another and so on. You will get so lost on where to go a lot of the times but then you realize the game pretty much holds your hand through your intro. This game really has an endless list of things you can do on it. This is by far the best MMO you can possibly choose to play on steam or anywhere really. I have spent the past week playing this game non stop and plan to continue. Oh and I have to mention the screenshots. The screenshots in this game are unlike anything you've ever seen in any game, ever. *mmo ever? Amazing graphics with 8k screenshots. and a free camera you can move anywhere when you sit on any a ledge. Also you can sit/lean on almost anything and everything in this game. I could sit here all night and tell you everything about this game but I'd rather you discover it for yourselves.Oh and one more thing, this game is perfect for couples. One of the best games you could play as a couple by far. My wife and I absolutely love this game and would recommend anyone try it out. It's worth the money. Also there's a very warming community over on reddit.https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/6f3hvo/wife_and_i_are_53h_250_in_and_we_love_it/If you can't run the game just look at some guides for your system specs or close to it and see what to do. The games options are pretty self explanatory so I don't know why you would need to but hey, for those who have no clue there ya go. You most likely can run this game on some lower graphic settings and if you don't want to turn the graphics down because you don't want it to look bad, well then you're s%#t out of luck. Sometimes that's just how life is and you can't enjoy everything you want or get what you want all the time.ps.Don't you guys love it when steam's sjws come out of the basement and whine about not being able to uninstall something on their computers? It's like all of you came in a mob. Posting the same reviews like other people haven't already posted the same thing. Look at the 1000+ positive ratings compared to the 300+ negative. It speaks for itself. (not to mention the game itself being online since Dec of 2014 yet people here acting like it's first release was on steam.)You don't see those people complaining for the past 3 years. All the complaining is here from these Steam SJWs.Steam SJW= Petty whiners. People that are dumber than rocks when it comes to a pc. Cringey neckbeards that feel the need to put their opinions on the game without even owning it."
,Not Recommended,582660,34877459,Posted: 10 September,all,Joey Luckey,"Fun game with tons of content, not very fun though because you are forced to spend money to buy pets be to able to even play. So you either need friends who will put up with you being terrible or money burning a whole in your pocket, would not reconment until it becomes less pay to win or it becomes free to play like it sholud be currently."
76561198264853646,Not Recommended,582660,35145930,Posted: 22 September,all,Creagan,"When i use Steam to start this game, there is a small pictureat the bottom right and  a progress bar just never finish.I already wasted three hours in this gameI already changed three computers to try thatIf someone know how to fix that, plz tell me !"
,Recommended,582660,31961645,Posted: 25 May,all,NsCG.The Cook,I've only played this for abt an hour and I absolutely love it so far.
,Recommended,582660,32553061,Posted: 18 June,all,The Economist,"Black Desert Online is a welcomed break from the traditional cookie cutter style of MMO you would find on the marketplace. BDO focuses more allowing each player to create their own lives and stories. Whether you want to follow the quests, sail the seas, or get straight to grinding...the choice is yours.The game is beautiful and surprisngly large. With limited fast travel options, your mount becomes your best friend. The combat is rewarding, and there are a TON of unique playstyles that allow you to cater your game experience to your own preferences.Without writing a novel, I will say at a $10 price tag this game is undeniable the best deal of the year. You will simply get so much playtime out of the game for that price its unbelievable.To those saying the game is P2W they are wrong. The game has cash shop features but those are for the most part ""Pay for convenience""Regardless, I've spent over 40 hours just saying the seas fishing and i've been having a BLAST. Love it."
76561198149764676,Recommended,582660,32398131,Posted: 13 June,all,Tricks,By far the best MMORPG that I have played in years. BDO has a MASSIVE learning curve and very high skill cap in pvp but that makes the game that much better imo. Deff worth at least checking it out! 10/10
,Not Recommended,582660,34019840,Posted: 4 August,all,America Has A Problem #LasVegas,"it's shameful that kaokao would make it so that we can't carry over our accounts to steam. thousands of hours lost, if i wish to use steam (and sometimes i prefer AIO instead of having multiple launchers) that is. disappointed that i have to start over, feels like a cash grab. but then again, that's all we've ever known this company to focus on -- even before the name change.but the game itself still kicks♥♥♥♥♥ despite the horrible grind post 56 and the unforgiving endgame RNG. kaokao have implemented a lot of mechanics to alleviate the sting of Korean MMO RNG, but that still hasn't done much in terms of ensuring that you get the most out of your time.bdo's 1-56 is unparalleled though. the early game is easy, and you can reach max level in less than 5 hours (less than 4 hours on my loop during EXP bonus weekend).achievements don't seem to be updating either.."
,Not Recommended,582660,35272072,Posted: 28 September,all,Clive,"Bought this game on sale the last time it was 6$, and had decent fun... the first night.Ever since, whenever I launch the game XIGNCODE freaks out and starts hogging a ton of CPU, and the game starts stuttering. Spent hours trying every fix under the sun and nothing I did would stop the horrible suttering. This XIGNCODE issue was first reported in 2012, so I don't expect it to ever be fixed.Expect a buggy mess, poor optimization, and no solutions to either. As for whether the core gameplay/economy/monetization is good or not, other people already have reviews that go overthatcan of worms much better than I could."
,Not Recommended,582660,35279912,Posted: 28 September,all,Andross,"I've been playing bdo ever since Korea had it in open beta. The game is definitely worth the $5 for the adventure, but the little issues like the Karma system and performance issues in cities along with the RNG is just not worth it. Don't be deceived by the people who put in reviews and you see thousands of hours on their playtime. Endgame is you, literally AFK lifeskilling in order to make silver to enchant your gear. The game is advertised as a PvP game but it's simply a PvE game with PvP added into it. You are punished for open world pvp. You lose karma for kills you get on other players and once you go negative, you are no longer able to go into cities due to the guards attacking you and if you end up dying you lose enchantments on your gear if you are negative. If you want to enjoy the game, you'll need atleast $30 for pets or else you won't be able to grind efficiently seeing how picking up loot is incredibly slow and tedious. By the time you finish picking up your loot with other players without pets, the mobs will have already spawn. There is a weight system but that can be fixed by purchasing more weight. The costume bonus isn't that much, it only gives a 10% exp bonus. The only content this game has to offer is Grinding mobs with friends and a pvp event called node wars. Don't even bother playing without a Value pack, once you use a value pack (Freemium subscription) you won't want to play without it. Without a value pack you dont get the full value of any items you sell on the auction house. The Auction house is also a mess. If you want to start working on getting endgame gear. Yes you can buy it from the auction house, but it's an RNG system where it randomly picks one person that is able to win the bid. It took me months to get a full set. It also gets to a point where you can have so much ingame currency but you won't be able to do anything with it, because the rest of the game is too dependant on RNG.tl;dr Your typical Korean RNG mmorpg, has a lot of issues that still need to be fixed. Only worth the money for the adventure because you'll get your moneys worth out of that."
76561198015034010,Recommended,582660,31970040,Posted: 26 May,all,Tricky,Best MMO on the market
,Not Recommended,582660,32330938,Posted: 10 June,all,☈ProShots,Can't get over the ui. It's horrendous no matter how you customize it.
76561198052292470,Not Recommended,582660,32226964,Posted: 6 June,all,iforgotmysocks,"Terrible support.Had an issue with my account name, they didn't want to fix it so they told me to get a refund from steam (even though i already put 80+ hours into the game and they'll never refund it)I'd leave this one out. I payed 15 bucks and now i have a dead game in my library that i'm unable to play."
,Not Recommended,582660,32139632,Posted: 2 June,all,Sotiris,"Awesome game play but do not spend ANY money on their pay to convience IMO I bought an item for more inventory slots and I was thinking it would be on all characters so I used it on a fresh alt I just made. I logged on my main thinking it would go over, nope dead wrong INSTANTLY made a ticket. the GM said cant help you. made a 2nd ticket saying to even delete the character just give me the inventory slots so I can put on my main and they said cant help you used it in game. so 30 bucks down the drain on thinking it would be for account wide when it doesnt say on 1 Character or account. like I said great game play having fun but ♥♥♥♥ED support never had any issues with items on other MMO's since the GM's can easily change what was done. Seems like they are all about their money if you mess up. guess ill see this game die out like SWTOR going to stick to MMO's that can actually help their people out."
,Not Recommended,582660,32273645,Posted: 8 June,all,Rednaxela,"Black Desert Online installs XingCode Anti Cheat Rootkit onto your computer when you install the game.The 'anti cheat' does not uninstall once you remove BDO from your computer, you have to locate and delete it manually via regedit. The rootkit inspects everything you have done on your HDD over the last 48 hours, even if you have uninstalled the game.At no stage of the installation process are you warned that Xing Anti Cheat will be installed on your HDD.No thanks.Creadit to Eriugam for writing this. i feelt he expalaind in a good way why i dident like the game. we and we need to get this to the develepors so they will change it."
,Recommended,582660,32492478,Posted: 16 June,all,Vandurr,"Honestly, the best part about this game is the freedom the game gives me in terms of what I want to do with my characters. I like the approach the game took with the importance of life skills as well as their gearing. Amazing game world too, I always say this game makes me wish I had better specs for my computer. Other pros include a great combat system, character customization and very alt character friendly.My only complains is that I normally experience lag in big cities in the game, but isn't that bad imo, no lag when I am grinding mobs, which is when smoother gameplay is more important.I read reviews of this game being p2w, but imo I think this game is more pay to enjoy. There are definitely a lot of paid contect that makes certain things more convenient or to improve your characters/residences aesthetically etc. But f2p players can remain competitive with anyone else through the grind."
,Recommended,582660,32377695,Posted: 12 June,all,SwatyChopsuey,"This is the best game you can play if you like Action RPG game.The best way to define it is, this is a Zelda/Skyrim/Diablo Open world RPG game.This is NOT a click/attack point game. You can jump evade and have really action peace combat with some special cooldown attack.The PVP feels responsive and great. Everything is GREATAdressing the Xingcode whatever rootkit that it install. NO ONE SHOULD GIVE A♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is not uncommon. Back in the Gunz the duel days and other similar games that you had to download it always had that kind of little program to discourage hacker or exploiter. It's OKAY and it's GOOD ! SheeshAlso that game has one of the most advance if not  THE most advance character creation system I have seen in ANY games.The only ""bad"" thing you could say is that the graphic of this game are really hard to handle if you have a lowhand graphic card BUT even then you have option to minize the resolution so much that ANY computer can run it.Look.Simple but this game is a 10/10.Hope they keep updating it."
,Recommended,582660,31941882,Posted: 24 May,all,insaneLM,"Actually good game, dirt cheap, dunno why, play with friends."
,Not Recommended,582660,34672964,Posted: 1 September,all,siLtzi,"I could write a wall of text, but I don't really have to say anything more that has already been said.This is a typical korean grindfest, you will be spending 12+ hours a day killing the same easy monsters over and over again, in order to get some spare cash that you can spend trying to get your gear upgraded.Well, that's not going to be the case since this game has RNG around every corner, and it's the most unforgiving one I've ever seen.I spent a lot of time grinding my way from 56 to 59 (I'm not a super hardcore player, so that might be a walk in the park for someone else), and after that was finally over I started to gear up, and what do you know,  I managed to throw months worth of progress down the drain in just about an hour. That was the final straw for me, and I quit the game.I haven't played on Steam much, but I started playing BDO at the ''headstart / day 2'', even before the official launch date.And after around 600-800€ spent, I can say that it's definitely not worth it, you'll regret everything sooner or later."
76561197997427519,Recommended,582660,31945381,Posted: 24 May,all,Recon,The games worth the money
,Recommended,582660,35428145,Posted: 2 October,all,Dauntless,boobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobsboobs
76561197995959389,Not Recommended,582660,32303710,Posted: 9 June,all,Juicy,"Christ.Watched a bunch of videos, found an appeal, decided on a class, bought the game. Loaded it up.""FAILED TO CONNECT""I tried resetting my router, some regit IPS reset commands, turned my computer on and off, changed anti-virus providers, nada. Nothing works. What a waste of my money, and now i've got spyware to remove too. Their servers are online, nothing on the internet to solve this issue. I've gone through forums and reddit.i wouldn't mind the spyware if I HAD A GAME TO PLAY."
,Recommended,582660,32486236,Posted: 16 June,all,WallyKazam,"Pro:- Good graphic- Good Music- Active combat system- Many life skills to chooseCon:- Heavy grindOverall:BDO is a very good MMO, It has pretty much everything that fantasy MMO needed. Personally, the downside of this game is time and lack of basic starting inventory and weight. Everything in this game takes a lot of times to be successful or to be competitive, which can discourage casual MMO players. You can increase inventory slot and weight limit by completing quests or weight training, which also take a lot of times and can take the fun out of the game."
,Not Recommended,582660,32084404,Posted: 31 May,all,Zuggyomber,"First of all:I always wanted to play with this game, I ******* really wanted. But it was a bit expensive for me. When I saw that it's just 6 (SIX!!)) Euros, I was so happy.So I instantly bought it, turned on my computer for a night, so in the morning I will be able to play.Then I started playing.Constant texture/model popping.It didn't really look good. First I thought that it's because of my computer. Well, lets find a fix for it.But no, it is a common issue. Everyone has this problem, even on ultra, with the best GPU on the market.I don't understand how can someone say that this game is immersive and has such a good graphics.IT WOULD BE.But the draw distance is nearly 10 meter, and horses starting popping up in front of you.Even on super super super ultra, the draw is distance is still very low, everything pops up when you move, at every step the texture changes on nearly everything. (Like grass is now taller, now it is rotated, not is smaller, etc)World of Warcraft didn't have this back in 2004. And even if you set the draw distance to the lowest in WoW, it is still bigger than BDO's. And the objects which are being streamed in aren't just popping in. They are slowly interpolated to the world.But this. And everyone has this issue. I was looking for fix for 3 hours, and there is no solution. And even in famous YouTubers' videos, even in those videos who praise the game, this is still an issue.I don't know how you can immerse in a game like this.I don't care about graphics. I would have enjoyed this game with 2000s graphics.But I DO CARE about annoying, immersion ruining issues.Thanks steam for the refund."
,Recommended,582660,31941015,Posted: 24 May,all,it3fergie,"Aight I have owned this game since I dropped 99.99 on it the day they rolled out those packages.1. It is not Pay 2 Win. If you think it is then you are playing the game all wrong.2. If you have issues connecting then its your issue. I live here in South Carolina and can connect to either server with no issues....Then again I do have Gigabit3. If you are having issues installing the game....Again its your issue. I have the Regular game installed on C: and Steam installed on Z:4. if you are having issues Downloading from Steam....Again your issue...I am REdownloading at over 68 MBs (I will admit this is slower than normal but still not slow enough to complain about)5. To all the Curators out there that got this game for free and Gave it a bad review: Shame on you.....Tons of people play this game without issues and without complaining about Pay 2 Win. Every game seems to be that with some people since they rolled out Microtransactions on MMOs. Yeah I hate the store sometimes cause I cannot afford a pet or a mount but guess what.....you can get almost all by just playing the game.I will admit that there are some things that they could do better.But overall its one of the best out there. Yeah its Korean and a lot of us old school Everquest players shy away from it, but this game is good.Give it a try. It is only 6 dollars at the moment.Also Look at Steparu's page for Reviews...Not Steam. To many whiny people on here. One of the Curators has given almost every Review he does a Negative.....They get paid and get stuff for free for doing this crap. Steam needs to drop that and get back to Real Reviews from the players and not some fat dude trying to make a living on playing Video games.https://steparu.com/previews/mmo-rpg-previews/897-black-desert-online-interview"
76561198319818104,Recommended,582660,32210738,Posted: 5 June,all,kitsune 💜,waifu simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,582660,33752081,Posted: 23 July,all,Alexander Pistoletov,Waste of 50GB TBH
76561198079230021,Not Recommended,582660,32401218,Posted: 13 June,all,Cumbia,"Started out amazing! I was reliving my old Runescape days, i was going to be the best damn gatherer ever! and then... my free time limit stuff ran out... i couldn't carry anything. I couldn't carry an axe or anything without being hindered by the weight capacity limit. They really want to make money off the in game things, so fine I don't mind supporting the game. But man, after a while you just keep having to shell out more and more money. I'm personally done... great game but you need to spend quite a lot to have fun after lvl 30ish. And nobody communicates, i remember talking while fishing in Runescape... but not in this game... and the general/roleplaying/every chat is so toxic... something about alienware... idk. Bad community and too much money to have fun. I'm out."
,Recommended,582660,32751730,Posted: 24 June,all,Sky Does Minecraft,10/10 would grind again
,Recommended,582660,32748112,Posted: 24 June,all,009 Sound System,Waifu Simulator 2017
,Recommended,582660,32827523,Posted: 26 June,all,Skooney,The underwear shop is better than hentai11/10
76561198074333477,Recommended,582660,32828244,Posted: 26 June,all,TOKEN,RIP TERA
,Recommended,582660,32188172,Posted: 4 June,all,Pancake,"I have ~3k hours on this from before the Steam release as a heads up. It's a great game, the combat is great and it's really fun just in general, but takes some getting used to.Pros:+ You can be AFK or active and still be doing something productive in game.+ Combat is fun and based off of skill and gear, about 40/60 respectively. I've beaten people much stronger than me just by outplaying them.+ Nice graphics (most of the time)+ Lots of cool costumes+ Can get cash shop items with in-game money+ Not P2W+ Play time to Price ratio is amazing+ Many different ways to playCons- Cash shop is expensive- Servers can get laggy often- Hard to get started- LOTS of objects popping in- Not all classes are balanced equallyI definitely recommend this game. You can add me if you want to ask any questions or just want someone to play with. Hope this helped :D"
76561198003273793,Recommended,582660,32878031,Posted: 27 June,all,noRiisK,This game can ruin your life be aware!
76561198345328109,Recommended,582660,32238612,Posted: 7 June,all,NigNog,"Amazing game!!! havnt put this game down since i got it, looking for a game to spend 100 of hours on? problem solved! this game gives an intense leveling system taking 6-12 hours to get o level 50 then taking atleast 40 or so hours just to get to level 56! great game for hardcore mmo players! defiantly reconmend this game!"
76561198043620328,Not Recommended,582660,32968739,Posted: 28 June,all,ImmortalBloodnut,"1. Buy game2. Download 50 gb over night3. Run game4. Connect to BSO server5. Automatically disconnected and booted from game6. Repeat steps 3, 4 and 5 a dozen times7. Uninstalled and refunded"
76561198051994326,Recommended,582660,32992246,Posted: 29 June,all,N 1 N 5 K 1,"Good MMO once past the learning curve it really opens up well, stick to it!!"
76561198088375527,Recommended,582660,32943476,Posted: 28 June,all,123197893265782638478234723,cool
,Recommended,582660,33071269,Posted: 30 June,all,Cognizantskink25,game is fun. lag is real12/10 woud kms again
,Recommended,582660,32987879,Posted: 29 June,all,riven main btw,very good game but it's not made for low end pcs/laptops
,Recommended,582660,33132473,Posted: 2 July,all,EmilGaming,"The game itself is great, but DON'T buy any of the more expensive packs!! I made the mistake og buying the Traveler's package, and I didn't get the stuff from the package that I should have gotten. Again the game is great in itself, but DON'T waste money on any of the packages. It's a big scam! So just buy the main game, if you don't want to pay money for something you won't get. Don't make the same mistake I did, what a disappointment and waste of money."
,Recommended,582660,33109335,Posted: 1 July,all,Spook,This game crashed on me 15 times but I had a lot of fun creating my character so I mean whatever
,Recommended,582660,32968157,Posted: 28 June,all,ayysturg,run around and kill things for no reason be possesed by an evil spirit no clue why full of lag cant play with friends made me want to play a different game 11/10 would buy again
,Recommended,582660,32598030,Posted: 20 June,all,tàNts,mmo is pretty good but after 14 hours of straight grinding im burnt out all i have to say is dont overplay it or the game will become repetitive
,Recommended,582660,32758009,Posted: 24 June,all,⎛⎝  Uber  ⎠⎞,It's pretty gud. 10/10 IGN. 2/10 Gamespot.
76561197995545012,Recommended,582660,32954552,Posted: 28 June,all,djurius,"Bought explorers package for 50 euros just before the big 40% sale, but I don't care cus this game is amazing."
,Recommended,582660,33154896,Posted: 2 July,all,kojaa | Skinhub.com,jeff
,Recommended,582660,32928079,Posted: 28 June,all,Captaindamnit,AFK EZ
76561198009410713,Recommended,582660,33145466,Posted: 2 July,all,✪ TonyMalony,Addicting
,Recommended,582660,32602667,Posted: 20 June,all,EthanDubuc,RPG. KOREAN. FUN 9/10
,Recommended,582660,31962420,Posted: 25 May,all,Tai,Played for awhile off steam(120 hours) and I can say this game is awesome.BDO is one of the best Mmos in my opinion and a must buy
,Recommended,582660,32366057,Posted: 12 June,all,Hyd3x,"I never really liked MMORPG's, but then i found this game <3"
76561198085988184,Not Recommended,582660,32966579,Posted: 28 June,all,VileShinobi,"1 reason i dont recommend this game at all is th serveers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ especially their market place.. it can't handle ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥. oh theres 4000 items on the market placee, well you cant just buy yours and leave, you have to bid on the chaepest one first... and then when you goto buy it the whole ♥♥♥♥ing thing lags out and you miss your chance.. well no biggy, still 3900 more.. nopee theey are all gone now because while you were lagging at thee chaep onee, every single one ♥♥♥♥ing sold out, this game isnt new, it isnt in alpha, this is a game thats beeen out world wide for year.. fix your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ god damn pathetic.. i just spent a ♥♥♥♥ing hour and half trying to buy 100 of something, and i managed to get 4.. your whole market plce is♥♥♥♥♥♥ your bidding systme is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you gamee in all honesty is just♥♥♥♥♥♥ the combat is ♥♥♥♥ing awesomee, but the rest of the game is just a grind fest with 0 end game contect"
76561198043754111,Recommended,582660,33235063,Posted: 4 July,all,Andrew,wanna spend 100$ to be able to play a game? this is the game for you.
,Recommended,582660,32961517,Posted: 28 June,all,SHERPZ,Fastest 300$ ive ever spent on game. whelp ? kthx.solid 7/10 game.
,Recommended,582660,33157897,Posted: 2 July,all,Lettuce,Lags.At least you can create your own waifu
,Recommended,582660,32903399,Posted: 27 June,all,Kami,i have no life now
76561198299202992,Recommended,582660,32009555,Posted: 27 May,all,Chris.P Bacon,hey it worked
,Recommended,582660,32230472,Posted: 6 June,all,Crotchety Oldman,"So the hidden anticheatyish file aside.It's been a while since there has been an MMORPG worth invsting time in. Was hoping making my Beserker short would make him into a gross Danny DeVitos, but I'm just an 8 foot circus freAK :DLike a majority of MMOs that are released. Its a Pay To Assist. You can spend a chunk of change to look apply a Shark Costume to your toon (tho the CAD exchang rate is preventing my♥♥♥♥♥from doing so)Simple to play. Simple to master... when your not farming for fish to gain millions of coin."
76561197994318160,Recommended,582660,32010135,Posted: 27 May,all,john_theArtist,"Game is pretty cool. Just be ready for INFORMATION OVERLOAD, ui that makes little to no logical sense and a tutorial upon tutorial to learn how to click stuff that you will click 100,000 within the first few minutes of playing.Honestly I'd love to play the game but after 2 hours I'm still learning how to ""RIGHT CLICK OVER HERE NOW, DUDE"""
76561198039351102,Recommended,582660,32052998,Posted: 29 May,all,🎃 Spoooky Jammy 🎃,Lit
,Recommended,582660,33273024,Posted: 5 July,all,NielsGooz_ csgoroll.com,Best MMORPG i have played in a long timeWould reccomend it to people that are looking to playa different MMORPG
76561198119824907,Recommended,582660,33302490,Posted: 5 July,all,Pepito el de los cuentos,i loved it :D <3
,Recommended,582660,31998873,Posted: 27 May,all,chanchibar,Best fishing game on steam.
76561198048236140,Recommended,582660,32685831,Posted: 23 June,all,Freedom,"TL:DR Loving the game, very grindy with tons to do, although no structured PVE end game(dungeons/raids).I recently picked up Black Desert with the steam launch and have to say its one of the best MMOs I have played(Tera, EVE, WOW, SWTOR, ESO, AA, B&S, the list goes on). If I had to compare this to another MMO it would most closely resemble blade and soul, Korean grind fest with action combat.Story of Black Desert leaves a bit to be desired but it is present. The combat, which is usually the selling point for me feels very nice, true action based combat. The game almost feels more like a fighting game then a MMO with the combo system and i-frames.Where the game really begins to set itself apart in my opinion is the life/profession skills as well as the training involved in all aspects of your multiple characters(you will have multiple, its almost required). Most training is done in real time however the game assists by making many tasks AFK friendly(auto looping for running, queued crafting, fishing, etc.). this combined with the in depth crafting and node/worker system make for a player economy similar to EVE, basically EVE lite.The end game is vast although a bit lacking in PVE elements, there is no raids or dungeons as most MMO players are used to, instead there are world bosses that spawn in set locations during windows throughout the day(not exactly full-time adult friendly). The world bosses range in difficulty from fairly basic to ""WTF HIT ME IM DEAD"" with basic mechanics but nothing you haven't seen before. The true end game content of Black Desert is PVP, which I have yet to delve into for lack of gear and experience with my class.Classes very and offer something for most if not all play styles(ranged, melee, caster, etc.). Picking a main character has been a challenge for myself as almost all classes have something to offer.closing comment, for anyone who likes fast paced combat, grinding, building an empire, and tons of character development this is for you!"
,Recommended,582660,33116850,Posted: 1 July,all,Pwnyraimbow,"Its When you go in Black Desert and play a straight 10 hours but realised at the end of the day , that all you did were gathering/cooking/hunting/farming and done only 30 minutes of combat. The lifeskills in this game are so damn fun. It's fun , you go at your own pace , you have pretty much infinite lifeskill quest and I bet you could get to max level by only doing lifeskills stuff , tho that would take a very long time. The combat in this game is seriously fun , tho it's more about figuring what class you like the most.I absolutly fell in love with Tamer and it is currently my main. I have tried other class but none of em worked out for me , tamer to me seemed to be good on everything except range. My tamer is not near max level nor have I unlocked all the skills yet but to me Tamer is seriously fun to play.I have yet to try Dark knight , Wizard and Maehwa. I tried the other classes but only got to level 20 with them ( takes around 20 minutes ) so far I can say that the few I liked the most amongs them were : striker , witch and Kunoichi/ninja. Fighter was seriously broken I cleanse the beginning area of monsters and people had to search for the survivors XD. striker seems OP and broken but I THINK that to be even more powerful instead of spamming everything with Striker you need to have self control and time your attacks(never saw that in other mmos).The other classes seemed amazing when I looked up some gameplay on youtube but I am guessing that the ""amazing"" part comes from all the skills you get in endgame. A good exemple would be Ranger , At level 20 she has no evasion at all despite the stats saying other wise. When you look up a endgame ranger they are teleporting and dancing in the air and look fuc*ing bada$$. So I think that no matter what class you play you will end up having a Faced-paced combat system.The bosses are seriously way too easy atm , I am a Solo player and never upgrade my gear , cause I don't see the reason to upgrade gear if I can just get some better one at higher levels. Whats the point of wearing armor if you can dodge attacks. Thats why I love the Combat in this game. But the bosses are too easy they have powerful attacks sure , yes some are fast , thats not the issue , When I am facing a boss I know that if I do my combo 3 times if he's not dead its because he needs one more hit. The health of the bosses should be 10x bigger (if not more) , I wanna die , I wanna learn the bosses pattern and learn how to dodge him,  I want that when he goes to half health that his pattern changes and that he's even harder than before. I want to feel like I am fighting a boss. I am only in lvl 40s bosses and I sincerly hope that there is harder bosses soon , I don't want these awsome fights to be endgame only XD.In BDO we have a system called fitness and it his seriously awsome I have yet to find another MMO that has that type of system. Fitness just like the word says : by doing workouts/cardio and eating well(just eating food) it will increase/enhanced your body not by a huge amount but it is defenitely a game changer.Now lets talk about how you can interact with the world. you know in other mmos you get about 100 quest that are completely useless in other 3 minutes. In BDO all the quest eventually lead somwhere wether its to show you a feature , to introduce important characters to level up your skills , to show you recipes , to get new armor , to gain the trust of the people , and many much more. None of the quest I had felt like burden instead I felt like reading the the damn thing and learn more about the people and features that were shown to me. Which leads me to another thing I wanna talk about : the npcs.The NPCs in this game are like no other mmo , sure they might have the same animation when they talk , but damn , they have different personalities and voice ffs , where do you see that now our days XD like wtf how did they not fuc* it up ???Oh yeah also , remember in mmos to get a house it would be like 900 thousand to 10 mil + , yeah in this game its like 1000 silver , and the first quest you get gives you 3000 :3 you can own up to 5 houses in total I believe , and what is amazing is that to get furniture you need to gain the trust of specific npcs or craft them yourself with the help of workers.Workers are basically the best possible thing ever. makes me want to kiss the devs. Workers are npcs that will do anything you ask them to do for the price of : lodging them. XD buy a empty building and set it to lodging and boom you can hire a worker that will work for you forever. All the profit/ressources that your worker makes is going straight to your warehouse/storage. For me this is the best thing ever cause I try to focus on cooking in this game , and my workers are giving me the ingredients I need to keep them working. Id say 20% of all the ressources they get for me is going for them technically.The game has a beautiful Tutorial system that was much much needed in this massive open world , I am glad to have found this game. This game shows no signs of pay to win to my experience. Towns and Cities in Black Desert feel ALIVE with all the players currently playing the game + all the npcs activity. I believe this game has no FPS lock but the game is quite demanding meaning that to get 120+ fps with max settings you need to have something better than what I got meaning better than a 1070. so I am guessing a 1080 might give you those 24 extra frames for dem sexy 144hz monitors <3.Other than all of that I have to say that this game is seriously something to try out , I believe the community is growing everyday and that now is just the right time for you to be a part of it ^.^ I will edit this review as I am not even close to have explored everything this game has to offer.You still reading ? seriously just get the game .-..-."
,Recommended,582660,33232856,Posted: 4 July,all,Mopiere,who needs to interact with real people when you can have a great conversation with virtual characters and become their friend.
,Recommended,582660,33045639,Posted: 30 June,all,Solaire,Love it.
76561198119583855,Not Recommended,582660,33416291,Posted: 9 July,all,Henbog,"Black Desert Online is a beautiful game and even though I only got it a month ago Ive almost racked up 300 hours Iven enjoy the world the developers have created and the character's within I enjoy the market the money and the inclusion of the life skills BUT the games community is divided in a awful way but problems in the game That I will adress to the best of my ability:Con 1: The marketplace between players is a large mess that doesnt function like the way you expect a market would.- The bidding system isn't an actual bidding system when an item is put up for bid everyone puts a ""bid"" on it doesn't tell you how much you bid on if you bid aboved its set price at all you wait 30 seconds and see if someone else just gets the item- Items have a set market price range for instance logs are from 680-830 silver each (at time of review) but logs are never sold on the market simply because they are needed in boat crafting thus making them sell instantly which you would think would raise thier value but nothing changes.-A player can leave a preorder for certain items on the market for a set value so when a item goes on the market the player with the highest bid which is good I like this part the problem being when a bid goes through any money that was above the max price just disappers the seller of item gets none of it.- Minor thing is you can only purchase the cheapest items on the market so someone can put up a bid of an item with like 200000 on the market and youll have to wait through that just get the item you want some of us wouldnt mind spending a few extra coins for an item we really want.Con 2: The game doesn't need to be hand holding but.....-The guidance is okay at the start it teaches your abilities and leads you to towns with npcs that will teach you what you need to know to play the game what It will not teach you is the karma system and the common mannerism or that there is any and when your looking for a place to grind later game youll find this quite disheartening more details Con 3Con 3: Karma bombing and the reason I beleive it is done- Karma is the system In which determines your RNG a bit karma goes up with killing monsters and down when you flag (force pvp) players killing them and killing wild horses- In the map there are several grindspots where high lvls go to grind to get misc items that sell for good money to npc's the problem being is the only way to grind in these places namely sausens is there is a select amount of spacing high lvls fight eachothers for these places and Lower levels get kicked out the problem being with this system is the people getting kicked out are in the area the map points them to for thier lvl they often come back not understanding the spots claimed which in results in karma bombing (Coming back and back to a place of death to lower your killers karma)- Karma bombing is considered highly rude and I completely agree the problem being new players often don't know this or get sick and tired of trying to get to the area they are suppose to be at according to quests and the map and getting thrown out by high levels who are way above the lvl of the area they are grinding at the reason they are thier is the sad part: The areas that for high lvls with higher lvl monsters are not worth as much so they don't go there leaving newer players being forced to look for another place or grind at a place lower lvl then them.Con 3 has caused a divide in the player base there are common steam players as they have recently joined the available players and the launch players who are geared and kick them out of grind spots they want to go to cause there isn't enough space for them resulting in karma bombing as people get angry wanting to get back at the people who want to do the same thing they want: To make money Hell there is even a guild with an anti steam icon as a logo and its not uncommon to see ""Cancerous ♥♥♥♥ing steam players"" said at random alot of guilds wont take players from steam and its horrible they community should not be divided like this.All that said black desert is still an amazing game. Its beautiful on all graphics settings. The life skills are fun and indepth (im a trader :D) The world is neat and well decorated with plenty to do. Its just the Steam Vs Launch conflict that I can absolutely not stand new players are just expected to know things that are not taught in game and high lvl players just expect new players to know the area the GAME RECCOMENDS at thier lvl are not at thier lvl and that is why I can not reccomend this game to anyone"
,Recommended,582660,33317843,Posted: 6 July,all,Megumin 🌸,"Waifus, Waifus everywhere :vDesde la creacion de personaje ya estaba erecto."
,Recommended,582660,33709639,Posted: 21 July,all,Thorondir,"Probably the best sandbox MMO on the market ATM.You don't really NEED to pay more than you did you buy the game, but it gets very infuriating if you don't.It is possible to get pets and value packs and such from the marketplace, but it is quite hard (Value packs aren't as hard).Very fun, but kind of hard to learn.You either like it or you don't, and if you don't you probably won't be able to refund because you spent 5 hours in character creation. (Setting boob size to max)"
,Recommended,582660,32022151,Posted: 28 May,all,Oni Sama,"I have played every MMO under the sun and I have to say that this is by far the best MMO out there!I have been playing the NA version of the game for over a year and I have not missed a single day without logging on and playing.Everything from the combat, the life skills and the graphics is top notch! Not to mention the game is MASSIVE and every update is free. The game is practically 10x larger than the day it was released and they have not charged me a single penny for all the amazing content."
,Recommended,582660,33647122,Posted: 19 July,all,FreaK,Nice game. I love it
76561198339816167,Recommended,582660,33655783,Posted: 19 July,all,insanemind103,"This is an amazing MMORPG. I've always played MMORPG's but this breaks everyone of them, If your looking to buy this game then by all means do. This is a game anyone with a sense of adventure would love to explore, fight, grind, and all around have fun...P.S. If you use money in game you cannot get it back! Obviously...Thank youInsaneMIND103"
,Recommended,582660,33664985,Posted: 19 July,all,dood,I am now a professional virtual fisherman.
,Recommended,582660,33689059,Posted: 20 July,all,OhgitsJackie🌸,Love the combat in this game! This is one of the first MMORPG fames i have ever played and actually liked.
,Recommended,582660,32023073,Posted: 28 May,all,Kaladin Stormblessed,"I just started playing this game. Its finnally a game that does not appear to be a pay to win. The deal on steam pushed me to go for it. I really enjoy the game. I found that if i set the resoulatiion to a max of 2100 the game looks amazing. However i think my pc gets pushed too much, i keep it back at 1280x1080 runs smooth as a cat.  I love the fact that you have to travel by horse or foot everywhere. It gives that real sence of being in a world. vs. the teleporting method in other mmos. The fact that I don't have to pay each month is the real selling point for me. I would be happy and I am happy with the method of buying fun in game items to support the company. This is a model that CSGO has used with skins and I think all games are going in this direction. Overall I cant say anything bad about this one. The combat is actually fun and you get to use combos. The only down side is that it seems to take a while to learn the game as there is so much stuff to do and know. This is all part of the fun so its a very positive for me at this stage of the game."
,Recommended,582660,32061090,Posted: 30 May,all,Ijcurry,"Already played upwards of 200 Hours on original launcher, 10/10 recommend this game to anyone.Best MMO I've played in years.Weather you trade, mine, hunt, quest talk or just sit around doing emotes this game is fun and brings every aspect of an MMO that you could want into full detail."
,Recommended,582660,33575038,Posted: 15 July,all,ackrynom,"Black Desert Online is an RPG similar to both ArchAge and EVE Online, in the way that you can act as a digital civilian instead of a quest-given pawn. This makes it an excellent time-killer and gives you the opportunity to focus on becoming a fisher, farmer or even horse breeder to participate in the game’s digital economy.Role-playing games often get boring, especially when the only thing you can do is focus on quests and combat. I used to favor the genre over all others until I got bored of the same gameplay used in so many RPGs. Black Desert Online isn’t my favorite RPG by any means, but I find the virtual life aspect of it to be exciting.The in-game economy is probably the best feature, aside from the outstanding visuals and overall sense of virtual living. Still, there are flaws and cons in this game that I will discuss, such as the terrible heads-up display and argument that this is just another pay-to-win game.Some games confuse complex features with a disorganized and confusing user interface. Have you ever opened a new game and felt so overwhelmed that you instantly gave up? If so, then you might not want to waste your time with this game.Once you make it through the first few hours of gameplay and pick up on all the controls you will be fine, but it’s a lot to take in at first and the game doesn’t necessarily introduce you to the key system properly.I don’t typically read or listen to all the NPC chats in games like this, they are often dull, or even cheesy at times. Black Desert Online is no different, and I must say the characters hardly make sense half the time. You will likely skip all the conversations possible throughout the game because they aren’t worth paying attention to.This game is all about living that virtual life, as it gives you the chance to be an entrepreneur and sell stuff! The in-game economy is awesome, you can do everything from becoming a farmer to becoming a salesperson.So, what’s it like to be a farmer in Black Desert? Well, it’s actually better than I first imagined. You can have multiple gardens where you plant, water and fertilize your seeds. Farming is definitely too much work for one guy, but don’t worry because you can hire workers to help!Wheat can be sold as is, or used to make wheat by adding mineral to it. Use the dough to create exotic wine for an NPC worker, or even making meat pie (for both yourself and your customers). A funny little part of the game is how your workers require so much alcohol to stay in perfect working condition.As you can see, there are plenty of ways to make money in Black Desert Online. It’s almost like real life, except we’re almost all too lazy to do this entrepreneurial stuff outside of the game.Fishing is an activity features in so many games, and while my favorite fishing experiences are from classics like Zelda: Ocarina of Time and Dark Cloud 2 – the fishing in BDO is probably the most convenient. This is because your character can fish on his or her own, until you have to replace your fishing pole because it will run out of stamina. When actively fishing, you will play a quick minigame as soon as you get a bite. It’s a brief moment of excitement and I personally feel like the developer did an excellent job on the fishing element to this game. If you need to step away from the computer to eat or answer a phone call, then automated fishing is perfect.Once you’re done fishing you can dry and sell them on the marketplace, or use them to cook food in your house.Black Desert Online has managed to do quite a few things differently than other RPGs, and although it’s not convenient, I like how the stashes are local. Let’s say you have hired a miner in Velia to mine for iron ore, but you’re in another city. Your stash of ore is in Velia with the miner, and the quickest way for you to transport it to another location is to buy or build a wagon. To me, it’s a matter of logic, and I like how the game made our stashes local so we can’t access the same stash from all over the virtual world.While it is a very challenging game in the beginning and some won’t make it far before giving up, the feeling of building an empire and ‘making it’ is very rewarding. It won’t be long before you’re employing a ton of drunk workers and have all the silver you need for top quality armor.There is so much more to this game than what I have mentioned so far, but it would take hours for me to discuss everything in the game. Instead, I encourage you to give it a shot if you like what you read, as I have already covered the cons in the beginning of this article. Be prepared for a few challenging hours in the beginning as it’s possible to completely miss the tutorial and get overwhelmed.Combat in Black Desert Online is great, but what I find more interesting is how we can actually invest in cities and farms to increase the monster drop rates. In this game you can never have too many equipment-enhancing items so it’s definitely something you will want to do as you progress throughout the game.There is also a currency called energy which you will use every single time you cut down a tree, craft an item or mine a rock. It’s aggravating for sure, as it will limit your activity in the game and you will often run out of energy as nearly everything you do requires it (even negotiating with other traders to get a better price)."
76561198091881358,Recommended,582660,33580592,Posted: 16 July,all,NanoAnubis™,Open world.Life skills.Nice combat system.PVP/PVE.Lots of skills.What can you want more in MMORPG.and... its not P2W (you can't buy real power or gear for cash)
,Recommended,582660,33645011,Posted: 18 July,all,Deplorable Panda,"As of now, I've gotten about 17.5 hours in-game so I figured I'll throw a review up.First, this is not casual-friendly. Honestly, there is so much to do in this game, from typical quest grinding to setting up trade nodes that one single tutorial will not cover it. Expect your first few hours in this game to be spent learning the very basics of all that you can do, and even still you won't know everything.Second, there are microtransactions. I have not used them but for he most part, I do not feel hindered by not taking part in them. Theres not P2W concept going on with this game far as I can tell, and I'm more than happy to do some extra quest grinding and resource hunting. I think I might do a couple later on just to support the dev team so we can continue to get regular updates.All in all, I'm really enjoying this game. I was on Secret World Legends for awhile till I found this and now I'm addicted. It's alot of fun, and the RP elements are phenomenal.Evem if you're just planning on getting the $10 version, do it. Well worth the investment."
76561198102874620,Recommended,582660,33654753,Posted: 19 July,all,Wolfie,"Great GrapichsAmazing Combat SystemFun to GrindEasy to get intoThe only problem is that its alot to comprehend at the start, but you just have to take things step by step, and watch videos etc. to learn.7.5/10"
,Recommended,582660,33659389,Posted: 19 July,all,ERICK,"huge game, endless stuff to do. super fun"
,Recommended,582660,33667333,Posted: 20 July,all,★  Nuget  ★,"A wonderful mmo to say the least. I've found it quite enjoyable and very easy to follow and work with. Having the ability to change up your skills on the fly to something different as you learn I think is the best asset to me personally as I don't always make the best choices with my abilities.Having tried other mmorpg's like ESO and WOW, I feel this one suits me best to the point where I might actually begin to actively play this and get the most out of my money."
,Recommended,582660,32403302,Posted: 13 June,all,Sakura,a Visualy stunning game only one problem the sservers are run by hamsters and thay just dont know how thay work at all loading into a server takes god like luck some days
76561198041706733,Recommended,582660,32403574,Posted: 13 June,all,Robato,Best MMO in years 10/10 played while high had good times
76561198056237218,Recommended,582660,32403966,Posted: 13 June,all,hANDELZ,♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561197969409720,Recommended,582660,32059270,Posted: 30 May,all,Jon,I farmed some Strawberries.Not bad.
76561198089863490,Not Recommended,582660,33433611,Posted: 10 July,all,biglee96,I've had the game over a month... I havent been able to get into a server. I repeat I have not been able to log into the gd game and I've had it over a month! I was excited and paid full price but can't get a refund or get in touch with anyone that can help. I'm sure other people love it and are having fun. But I'm not.
76561198206410779,Not Recommended,582660,33469869,Posted: 11 July,all,El_Loco_Tigre,"I played this game when it first came out on steam, just to clarify. This game is easily a very addicting with its RNG gambling mechanics. Now understand that I've spent $300+ on character weight, inventory slots and maids. This game isn't pay to win its pay to actually play. If you think you don't need pets you're mistaken, if you think you don't need weight you're mistaken and if you think you don't need inventory slots guess what... you're mistaken. This game is about efficiency, if you aren't effiecient you'll get less money, you get less money, you'll inturn take longer to get geared so you can be more effiecient. Let's say you don't buy any pets(Which pick up the loot on the ground every 10s, which is a joke at higher clear speeds. So inevitably you have to buy at least 100 dollars worth of pets to play RNG with what Tier you get LOL RNG with IRL money. Max Tier is 4 at 2.5 seconds and you can 4 at a time out instead of the 5 pets korea does.) you're shooting yourself in the foot. Now you may say ""well the servers don't ran on air JAG"" to which I'd respond their servers blow anyways with the constant lag and d sync which is visible in streams. For a game that isnt F2P, doesn't have constant stabilty with the servers and on top of that passive aggressively asks for MORE of your money. This game is a giant cash grab which hilariously isn't even my problem. Once you shallow the pill and buy everything you need, you play the game right? WRONG LOL! After you pass level 56 you have to decide where to grind till level 60 and obivously you're new so your gear sucks. Now you have two options pirates or suasans, now somebody is going to you tell that's not true will it is. You need money to gear up so you can clear faster, so can generate money so can gear... blah...blah. The problem is EVERYBODY IS IN THOSE SPOTS at all times of the day on every single individual channel, not to mention if you kill somebody out of your spot they will PROBABLY not leave and instead they'd KARMA BOMB YOU(Eventually turning you red and chasing you out). Now you could say ""I'd just go to Manes, bashims, Helms or Elrics"" right and either get no money or no exp RIGGGGHHHHTTTTT. Ok, ok so what about life skilling... they're lame.So how could we resolve these problems*Get more servers in NA*Make the Horse Flute Family bound not character bound*Remove RNG from pets,remove t2, make t3 what t4 was and no more t4\*Add more channels, like a lot more*Flag killing only gives you a 20k karma penalty per kill*If you die to a player and you have negative karma you no longer lose exp or gems worth more then 5 million*Increase drop rates of blue accessories*Increase the drop rate by 25% in the desert(Including Pila and Sulfur)*Increase Exp earned in Manes, Helms, Elrics, Soldiers Grave, Hasraf and Abandoned Iron Mine.*Reduce the prices of Priority items like weight and inventory slots*The pets the cost 11 dollars should be 10(You greedy developers)*Increase the success of enchanting at tet and pen by 30%*FIX YOUR SERVERS*Increase the amount of time you can be in Oliva servers. One month isn't enough time for a person who can afford your P4C junk*Fix swimming*Decrease the amount the distance needed to travel to upgrade their respective horse along side with giving more exp(towards the training lifeskill itself) when leveling horses.*Finally keep the current black stone event and make it the permament drop rate, while also increasing the odds of getting sharps and shards.If this sounds carebear to you, you're either a masochist or you drank the kool-aid for way to long!"
,Recommended,582660,33114096,Posted: 1 July,all,Magnum,its a game
76561198092127968,Recommended,582660,32550012,Posted: 18 June,all,XD,"Just finished character creation, will update review soon."
,Recommended,582660,33798492,Posted: 25 July,all,Shev,"First MMO I've played and I been enjoying it so far. Very good graphics, well optimized, smooth combat, and LOTS of content!"
,Recommended,582660,33843404,Posted: 27 July,all,悪役 ☹,Better than WoW.
,Recommended,582660,33176635,Posted: 3 July,all,Steffe,10/10 would buy again
76561198171800966,Recommended,582660,33752074,Posted: 23 July,all,Dark Flame Master,"This game is the best MMORPG game i never had play in my live It took me about 30 minutes to realize merely walking across Black Desert Online’s beautiful, sprawling world takes too damn long. There’s no fast travel, so I needed a mount. I hit up the local stable master and he gave me a donkey. It took me another 30 seconds to realize that, astoundingly, riding a donkey is even slower than walking. I had♥♥♥♥♥♥to do, so I needed a horse. But instead of giving the stable master another chance to disappoint me, I shook him down for carrots and rope and set out to tame my own steed. So..... hope you like it and keep play this game and dont fogort to watch anime Bey! :3"
76561198191467062,Recommended,582660,32143779,Posted: 2 June,all,⎛⎝Enzo⎠⎞,I love grinding 9/10
,Recommended,582660,32142693,Posted: 2 June,all,Preacher civilgamers.com,"Black Desert Online (BDO) is a great game for all fantasy loving MMO players. The community and questing available from BDO is one of the numerous reasons why my friends and I are willing to relive the story many of times. BDO also offers many other key features which perform quiet nicely such as the fishing, mining, hunting, and crafting systems; characters may generate additional revenue from owning private monopolies or building and decorating residences.If you wanted to play a throwback MMO, BDO has it all."
,Recommended,582660,32879203,Posted: 27 June,all,DE ROOMS,Fishing simulator 10/10
,Recommended,582660,32000137,Posted: 27 May,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,its fun little game
,Recommended,582660,32068779,Posted: 30 May,all,leFtY,"Good game, shame that my PC can't run it properly."
76561198266879452,Recommended,582660,32146638,Posted: 3 June,all,la police,Buy it or i'll come in your house and i'll eat all ur ice cream
,Not Recommended,582660,33106420,Posted: 1 July,all,Sparktacus,"iTS fun when it works, but it's also the most toxic lag experience i've ever had.10/10, will rage quit again."
,Recommended,582660,32310937,Posted: 10 June,all,Rufitos,"So far, really enjoying this game! I haven't found an MMO that didnt get me hooked like this in year! The machaniscs are quite complex and there's a lot to learn, but I am just loving the combat system and how great the graphics are. The storyline is pretty interesting too."
,Not Recommended,582660,32951156,Posted: 28 June,all,Ali,"While this game has beautiful graphics and an interesting take on MMOs, I found the grind to be exhausting. After you grind and hit max level, there was not enough in the game to keep me interested."
,Recommended,582660,33966529,Posted: 2 August,all,Asura,Probably best MMORPG I played..I'll give it 9/10 score!
,Recommended,582660,32176448,Posted: 4 June,all,Skygear,Buy the game to read RolePlay chat !
76561198006652591,Recommended,582660,32934733,Posted: 28 June,all,WizardHat,gimma my sticker pack.
,Recommended,582660,33475931,Posted: 12 July,all,NyanSkulls,best anime i have ever watched
,Recommended,582660,33473629,Posted: 12 July,all,LikeABoss_FTW,"This game is literally ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!!! Where has this been all my life. My favorite Anime is Sword Art Online and this reminds me so much of SAO!! I love this game it's literally a masterpiece. The map is huge, tons of exportation, etc. Theres just so much to do I spend hours in it. I've only had the game for 3 days while writing this review and I have 71 hours in the game. It's amazing :D Buy this game if you love exploring, amazing combat, and especially if you want to find a good MMORPG."
,Recommended,582660,31994152,Posted: 27 May,all,titan219,Combos are sick as hell !
,Recommended,582660,32107608,Posted: 1 June,all,squallap86,I had  a girl friend once...10/10
,Recommended,582660,34108705,Posted: 8 August,all,駅,"It's ok, can be very boring when playing solo.Graphics are good.English translation is ok.When taking a quest from NPC you have to read the text to understand something cause the NPCs say random things.Dosen't run that well on old pc's."
,Recommended,582660,34131841,Posted: 9 August,all,Holloreathen,iz gud
76561198114050216,Recommended,582660,32457245,Posted: 15 June,all,Flick,"Let me just make one thing clear, you can not just look at the reviews.You may be someone like me, who checks the reviews and see wheter a game is good or not.However I am going to tell you straight up this is NOT a game you can just check the reviews and see if its good or not.This game is simply fantastic and I have fallen in love with it.There is a multitude of things you can do in this game and its simply amazing. The other steam reviews where they rant about XIGNCODE or whatever, forget them. It will not put your computer or files at risk. First off let me tell you the game looks amazing, and let me just tell you right now, you may or may not like the game. The best way to find out wheter or not you like it is if you try it, and the good thing is, you don't have to pay to try it, you can simply try the free trial that can be found on the website. Now most people have problems with an MMO being p2w(pay to win), however in this game, it's own players aren't even sure wheter its pay to win or not. Meaning you may think it is pay to win, or you may not. The game has so much potential and it's still growing. There is so much to explore and so many things to do, I'm not even sure I can do it all. Fishing, horse breeding, and more the game is great. However I suggest you try it for yourself at the free trial."
76561198052265891,Recommended,582660,32232569,Posted: 6 June,all,wizling,The character creation in this game is so much fun I have made four characters and not even got past the tutorial after 9.5 hours.
,Recommended,582660,32480347,Posted: 16 June,all,KoolSpookyKid,Bumping into NPC simulator 2017
76561197964277081,Recommended,582660,33619231,Posted: 17 July,all,seiken,"Are you bored and tired of reality? Do you have to much money and time and have no desire to spend them wisely?  Do you wish to be a slave to a never ending Pay-to-Win Korean MMO?Then cough up $5.99 and join us in this vast wonderful world of Black Desert Online!!  Whether you love to chop the same group of trees for days (or months) for that miserable boat, or lean back and enjoy the scenery while your cart auto-pilot from town to town, questioning if you are actually playing at all, or if you prefer to simply leave the game on the background and go play something that is actually fun, BDO might just be the game for you!!Don't like grinding? Simple open your wallet and buy from a large selection of Pay-to-win items and ascend to richness in seconds!!  Tired of looking like a starving peasant despite wearing high-end gear?? Then buy a costume to compete with your fellow players for the low low price of $30 (each).  Want to craft your own ""costume""? Sure, but you can't wear it on top of your armor without spending another $15 (each) to ""upgrade"" it.  Oh and please do NOT try to cheat the system by trading it other players outside of our fixed-price marketplace- we don't allow that here.But fear not! there are plenty of poor people camping the Marketplace to bid for your Pay-to-win items!  Follow these steps: Use your REAL hard-earned money to buy FAKE money (kakao) then exchange it for more fake money (pearls), then buy something expensive on the Pay-to-Win market, then post it on the marketplace for the poor peasants to bid.  Then VOILA! you get MORE fake money (silver) in which you can spend to buy high-end gear and dominate all who stand in your way!! Simple? IT IS!!What are you waiting for!? Download the game, and go SPEND SPEND SPEND!!"
,Recommended,582660,33099139,Posted: 1 July,all,☢☣ ButteryVengeance ☣☢,Good enough.
76561198123752639,Recommended,582660,33794327,Posted: 25 July,all,Achilles,"Facebook game, waifu simulator.You can play it as hardcore or as casual as you want and still have fun"
76561197972313659,Not Recommended,582660,34317562,Posted: 17 August,all,Willemdb,"While the game is very pretty, it simply isn't fun.Also, don’t delude yourself by thinking you can always get a refund if you don’t like it. By the time you’ve created your character, found a surname and first name for your character (which must both be unique for some reason) and gone through the introductory quests you will be past the 2 hour refund limit strictly enforced by steam and be ineligible for a refund.Don't waste your time or money on it."
76561198088252628,Not Recommended,582660,34411190,Posted: 22 August,all,Sky0dragon,"very awessom combat mechanic.but:awefull, uninteresting storylame characters, i mean, the NPCs in the storyline dont even have a decent backgroundSome of my friends who love MMORPGs were disapointed when they tryed this game, they definetly loved the combat, but it became too boring because of the storyline.Dudes, please, combat is not everything in a MMORPG, i couldn't play it more than 7 hours because i couldn't stop yawning at the storyline, its too boring and generic. I regreat buying the game, even at discount price (now i know why it was on discount after all)but hey, combat is 10/10"
,Recommended,582660,32185609,Posted: 4 June,all,Jadams01,It's an amazing game for a $10 game
,Not Recommended,582660,34281183,Posted: 16 August,all,Krieg Blitz,"un geneder lock this♥♥♥♥♥♥now, i have to be a female to play as the dark knight, and i have to be a male to be the berserker, i like my women like how i like my berserker, big as a ♥♥♥♥ing train and more muscular than a adrenaline filled terry cruse on estrogen, and i like my dark knights to all be emo little ♥♥♥♥♥ that cry whenever he gets hit, and i cant have a female berserker, or you know, all the fun classes are female, and the male classes are generally brainless, but hey this is coming from the guy that likes his berserker as big as a ♥♥♥♥ing train and more muscular than a adrenaline filled terry cruse on estrogen, just saying ungender locking your classes would make the game more fun, and to those who say i dont have any respect for the lore the game devs made, your damn right i dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about the lore, this isnt a game that has an attractive story, and they dun goofed when they made lore that made certain classes gender locked."
,Recommended,582660,33326401,Posted: 6 July,all,Blastadon,"This is coming from the perspective of someone who's played quite a few MMO's:BDO really is something different. It doesn't hold your hand and it doesn't care if you fall behind.There are so many amazing and different systems in place that really make the world feel alive and active, even if a lot of the people are AFK fishing in a nearby town.It is the first time in an MMO in a LONG time where I've felt that feeling of wonder. It is so different than anything on the market that it is hard to not recommend to MMO lovers. Do yourself a favor and get lost in the world of BDO."
,Not Recommended,582660,32574126,Posted: 19 June,all,Dan,"I'm giving BDO a negative review because I didn't enjoy it. There's nothing wrong with the game other than the gameplay isn't for me. Even though it's an MMO, it felt like a bunch of people playing alone next to other people playing alone. I'm told it's mostly like that until the end game PvP. That doesn't interest me. I prefer games that encourage people to play together at all levels.Unfortunately I played one hour too long to get a refund on Steam, otherwise I'd pursue a refund.Pros:+ Great graphics+ Great character customizationCons:- You're basically playing a single player game alongside other people playing a single player game until the end game for PvP (that could be a Pro though if that's what you're into)- Certain classes can only be a certain gender (wtf?)- Incredibly grindy"
,Recommended,582660,33329952,Posted: 6 July,all,weetum,Jam packed with stuff to do. If you like mmos you will probably like this game.
,Not Recommended,582660,33997495,Posted: 3 August,all,dildo |#SpiceCHiEF,costs energy to talk in server chat i rate it two sadfaces out of ten
,Recommended,582660,32647822,Posted: 22 June,all,PuncakeHieu,I can make the perfect waifu so 10/10
,Not Recommended,582660,33646730,Posted: 19 July,all,Reaper,"Guide told me to get +10 failstacks, went all the way up to +20 failstacks, lost 20mil, still didn't upgrade my item. ♥♥♥♥ this RNG"
,Not Recommended,582660,33351926,Posted: 7 July,all,hOnKy DoNg,The game is a lot of fun in the start!But after the first 10 hours it gets boring (In my opinion)All i do is fishing and questsYou may think that i thought that the game was fun since i have  26 hours on it. But i got these hours because i was afk fishing for silver/aka ingame money.
76561198132246895,Recommended,582660,32100154,Posted: 31 May,all,Gunter,Step 1: Struggle to come up with a Family NameStep 2: Struggle to come up with a Character NameStep 3: Spend hours creating a CharacterStep 4: Congratulations you can now play the game (Hopefully)
76561198037044583,Not Recommended,582660,34281118,Posted: 16 August,all,Gunther Ultrabolt Novacrunch,Sorry.  I couldn't get past my gender locked ranger sounding like a Japanese porn star.
,Recommended,582660,33376371,Posted: 8 July,all,John Mactavish,Good Game !!
76561198039154285,Not Recommended,582660,33377941,Posted: 8 July,all,Wonderer,Love the game but the servers are so full that you get kicked off due to connection loss rather often.
,Recommended,582660,32979191,Posted: 29 June,all,Ascendence,pretty good game tbh
76561198113248337,Not Recommended,582660,33796727,Posted: 25 July,all,jokerdown,"in its current sate i would not recommend manely do the extreme lag and fps issue it seems to be having. it doesnt  seem to matter what settings you put the game at you will never get above 30 fps at best. its not a computer issue either i can run every other game i own on maximum graphics with no problems at all this game has something wrong internally. ive tried fixing the issue to no avail. ive seen people say it was the grapghics card driver, the games servers, the games anti cheat, and many other possible reasons why but in the end i never was able to figure it out, all i know is that its a issue on there end not min. examples of the issue would be laging every min for 2-3 seconds, the longer you stay on the in game market place to purches things with in game money the laggier it gets, when loading the game you might find yourself on a black screen for 3-5 min, when hitting the setting button in games fps drops drestically, may be disconnected fairly frequently making a game that is great for afk farming not really possible to afk farm because you will most likely get dc after a short amount of time. i would like to note i would probably give this game a 8 out of 10 if it had none of these issues."
,Recommended,582660,33823930,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,"waaaaaay too much to cover in a review, so here's the abridged version:10/10 graphics10/10 random side stuff to do6/10 quests (pretty basic premises (go kill x this, get y that))between 4/10 and 7/10 combat can't really decide, it's fun but basic, but also complex? hard to explain but you'll have to play it to make an opinion of it.9/10 world - huge, lots of detail, always something to find and do.amazingly, 8/10 Realism... there isn't any fast travel, and you have to do most everything by hand (i made a rowboat and it took me a week, could've took less but i had no idea what i was doing) but there is autopathing so you can like, tab out and watch a video while your character walks somewhere, plus thers like waaay too many features everything from crafting to straight up horse taming to farming to... you get the point.pretty good, worth money."
,Recommended,582660,32054622,Posted: 29 May,all,Kek,"Great game, especially at this price. So much features. But I'll tell you, it's easier to get into this game than it is to get away from it!"
,Recommended,582660,32889714,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr meeseeks,so good cant stop playing
76561198052475355,Recommended,582660,33970094,Posted: 2 August,all,carry_too_much,"Bought the Explorer's Package.  Totally worth it.  So much to do, tons of freedom.  Play how YOU like."
,Recommended,582660,33979917,Posted: 2 August,all,*ÂçÉ*,"**Grinding the Abandoned Monestary for a quest as a lvl 57 DK, maybe a nice drop or two if I'm lucky**""Oh hey, a couple people came down the well! I sure hope they realize I'm on this rotation...""**The two jump into the beginning of the rotation as I'm attacking the mobs**""Better give them a warning shot, they aren't even awakened yet""**Sends giant explosions on top of them, while I stare silently without flagging, yet.. they jump to my next group**""I tried."" **Flags and drops 250k karma, proceeds with an empty environment and leaves with a nice chunk of change from drops""**Proceeds to sell off stuff while letting the ""Vets"", who constantly berate Steam players for ""not having what it takes to BDO"", know that I got my Kzarka from my 2nd boss attempt and made it DUO for basically nothing since the game gives you free stuff constantly, and because I'm a RNG God**"
76561198218695967,Recommended,582660,32522793,Posted: 17 June,all,MrSkittles24,"Right at 20 seconds of the latest trailer is what got me playing and I have to say this game has not let me down. The Ninja, Kinoichi, Mewea, and Musa classes are done so well and fits my roleplaying experience so well. Please make more samurai classes and I will keep supporting this awesome game in hope that everyother player does the same."
76561198057983550,Recommended,582660,32470370,Posted: 16 June,all,truben,"This game has very nice mechanics, gameplay and nice grafic overall. Big map. If you read all the interactions you will understand the storyline but there is very much text to read. It's definitely worth 9.99 euro."
,Recommended,582660,32635329,Posted: 21 June,all,poopshoe6,"I love it! I will admit... it does take some skill. The Auction House system is genius, stops people from completely controlling the market, and everyone gets a fair shot at items.The game isn't pay to win, you won't be a super hero or the best pvper as result of shop items. Some of them, just make the game easier for leveling and aesthetic things."
,Recommended,582660,34144409,Posted: 10 August,all,Kray,NINJAS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥NINJAS WE ALL LOVE NINJAS
76561197999197795,Recommended,582660,34600849,Posted: 30 August,all,GodsMantle,"Have a few hundred hours, its a good game, it does have its problems and can be underwhelming in some ways but it is fun to play."
76561198241856620,Recommended,582660,34451659,Posted: 23 August,all,drop_trooper112,9/10 first mmo in lets say ten years i can get addicted topros:great character creatoreverything looks great on ultragreat skill tree till mid level 50 then it becomes amazingclasses are amazing (but genders are fixed to a class like witch is female and warrior is male)life skills are easy to ignore but pay big if you invest time in thempremium items can be bought from players in the late gamefalling damage isnt much so go explore off a mountainmap is so massive only found 2 capitals out of 5i can keep going but the cons need some pointing outcons:without a lantern its darker than space in a blackoutclasses can overlap in roles a little too easy (but soloing bosses isnt hard dont know if theres raid only played about 40 hours but will update if i find out)life skills take awhile to level (but its more than worth it)mounts love getting beaten to death theyre like beacons for pain (they dont have perma-death so its only annoying)like all character creators it can make some monstersswimming is slow (but in ultra graphics water texture on skin looks great)getting stuck isnt hardthere are about 10 classes but only 6 character slotsthats about all the cons i can think of its a great game with just some small problems for 10 bucks its amazing
76561198072192370,Recommended,582660,34456903,Posted: 24 August,all,Benstep,"Played it for a bit, I think I got my money's worth."
76561198099963093,Recommended,582660,34494203,Posted: 25 August,all,Frogmin,"It was going to be great. It was going to be the best mmo experience i ever had. I chose my class made my character, and got ing. Then something peculiar happened. I picked up a fishing rod. I went over to a body of water. A prompt came up asking me if i wanted to fish. I pressed space. And that, my friends, was the worst decision i ever made. I still havent stopped. I dont know if I can."
76561198147008218,Recommended,582660,34738369,Posted: 4 September,all,Nightingale,This is an amazing MMORPG I truly belive this could be the start of a neww type of MMO. This game can be a little repetative and quite challenging at times compared to other MMO's but I still love this game so far and can't wait to play more.
,Recommended,582660,34152790,Posted: 10 August,all,Simple,"I'm absolutely astonished. I was not even into this types of games, but as soon as I started to play this game I'm addicted ever since. I simply can't stop playing it and admire how well this game is developed. I played it for 7 days during the free trial. And I needed MORE a lot MORE of this game. It is addictive in a good way. Beleive me, this is the best 10€ you can spend on Steam. Fun, perfect animations, good environment, music suits perfectly for what is happening in your surroundings, and best of all, the freaking gameplay and controls are perfect. Buy it you won't regret."
,Recommended,582660,34726761,Posted: 3 September,all,Jacky,"if you get a buddie or an amazing girl to play this with, take the chance 100 percent. It's well worth it and you're going to be spending a lot of time together ;)))"
76561198163649772,Recommended,582660,34218194,Posted: 13 August,all,TeChLoRd6969,"I know I have not played this game that long yet, but rest assured I am very addicted and will continue playing this game for many more hours to come. So far I have realized that this game is very expansive, you can do anything you want. There are tons of quests to keep you occupied as well. The story is interesting so far. I will keep updating this review the more I play."
,Recommended,582660,34228701,Posted: 13 August,all,Olavf3026,"in all honesty i was recomended this game by both my brothers i picked it up and started playing a class they told me not to but to be honest, i love fast paced games and up front and personal type play so i enjoy it moreso then i thought i would. so for a person who comes from playing multiple mmos daily i give this game a 2 thumbs up"
,Recommended,582660,34452046,Posted: 23 August,all,Verethragna,I bought this game with the pack for the beginner starter and I have to say it was pretty much exactly as I edxpected it to be it IS rather fun thanks to the innovative combat system. But sometimes it can feel slow paced and grindy(It is). I joined a guild in hopes of rallying myself more towards the game that was almost my entire reason for my drive to build a new pc. It worked to a degree I spend about 1-2hours daily on it. The classes are of course gender locked which my turn some people away.Also why wont my steam acheivments WORK!!!!! AUGH!!!! I do indeed reccommend the game to anyone who has experience in MMO's and is looking for something to get into. As it TAKE TIME! TIME! TIME! To get anything done. The only game I have played that takes longer and is an MMO platform was EVE Online.
76561197969561423,Not Recommended,582660,33315653,Posted: 6 July,all,Zbotz,The only thing I've experienced in my 7 hours so far is:- walk from A to B- click through boring dialogue- (rarely) oneshot some mobs that don't seem to do anythingDunno if it gets better later but I doubt I'm going to find out because I'm already bored out of my mind.
,Recommended,582660,33139893,Posted: 2 July,all,Shiroe Vinsmoke,Best fishing simulator on steam.
,Recommended,582660,32186266,Posted: 4 June,all,Skate | MS,Waifu Creation simulator 2K17
,Recommended,582660,32186065,Posted: 4 June,all,Hurchan,"This game is too hard to understand for my limited attention spanBut it seems fun, i'll try someday when I'll have 90h to waste"
,Recommended,582660,32651015,Posted: 22 June,all,Has18,When I got the game i expected to be better than Wow/FFXiV:ARR but it isnt. The game is good but could be better. The Character Creator dosent have a wide range of choices as i thought it would have. Something that really bothers me is that not all classes have Female/Male variant.7/10
76561198016589567,Recommended,582660,32066202,Posted: 30 May,all,pfeifdaddy,Great game everyone should own it..
76561198102440237,Recommended,582660,32056769,Posted: 29 May,all,Monkey Magic,If the language setting include chinese that will be better
76561197985675597,Recommended,582660,33194776,Posted: 3 July,all,Whythecake,I have so much to do and learn!Beautiful game I really like it!
,Recommended,582660,33204447,Posted: 3 July,all,CpTousen,such a good game!!
76561198008133814,Recommended,582660,33248071,Posted: 4 July,all,AngryVeggies,"A second life is not enough to explore and level everything and 2017 content updates will add to this vast world. Highly recommend for those who don't have to waste their time with stupid day jobs and can lower their standards of human needs, after all who needs a shower every day? Gotta get those raw materials!!"
,Recommended,582660,33238282,Posted: 4 July,all,catface,fun game
76561198077359978,Recommended,582660,33246511,Posted: 4 July,all,zachjoe09,"Really good game, it has a lot of diversity. You can do a lot of things, and even go idle without punishment. The classes are diverse, the main quest is intriguing, and the evolution of the black spirit keeps you on edge!"
,Recommended,582660,33256204,Posted: 4 July,all,Rainman,"Black Desert Online is my first ever MMORPG so I obviously had high-expectations. It met them, period. It is a very vast world filled with a seemingly unlimited number of things to do. Many people say that BDO is different from all the other popular MMORPGs however I cannot compare due to the fact that I haven't played them. What I can tell you is that it is a fun game. Yes, you do have to grind a lot but it stays fresh because there are so many ways to grind for XP and currency.To wrap it all up, it is a great game offering PvP, grinding, adventuring, and so much more."
,Recommended,582660,33238845,Posted: 4 July,all,Slopinator,"Alright first thing I want to say, this game is pretty awesome and fun, nothing about that, this isn't the place for it really but all of the monsters and bosses are pretty easy and not very challenging, if this where changed so i would have to carefully think about each move I do instead of button mashing, i think the experience would be a lot better since it is an integral part of the game. Aside from that this game of course is amazing and I totally recommend it 😉"
76561198216689216,Recommended,582660,33602243,Posted: 17 July,all,Duck,I mean after playing wizard101 this is a great stepup. Quite fun. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,582660,33896192,Posted: 29 July,all,Feral Vegetal,it has boob physics
,Recommended,582660,34074336,Posted: 6 August,all,爱过,"If you feel like you have to grind 8 hours a day to be competitive, then I am sorry to tell you that you are playing this game wrong. Almost 90% of the players do not play more than few hours a day. They all have jobs.Really, all you need is an hour or two a day actively grinding and farming, then afk rest of the day for fishing or whatever and you should be fine.That's pretty much all you need.  If one to two hour a day is too much for you, then mmo might not be the right game for you.A few matches in LOL would be more than 1 hour, so if you can do a couple matches in LOL, why can't you in black desert?Conclusion : NO ONE REALLY GRIND 8 HOURS A DAY, EXCEPT THAT 1%!  SO DON'T WORRY, PLAY AT YOUR OWN PACE."
76561198326524999,Recommended,582660,34075748,Posted: 6 August,all,TepitoBruh,good
,Recommended,582660,33603434,Posted: 17 July,all,Scarr,All I do Is Fish...TLDR : Fish.
,Recommended,582660,33781497,Posted: 25 July,all,⦙⒪ ⒲ ⒠ ⒩⦙,Jiggly butts.
,Recommended,582660,33896935,Posted: 29 July,all,Captain Daddy,jiggle physics and anime grils
76561198137310999,Recommended,582660,34068553,Posted: 6 August,all,azLock,Great game! Enjoying every minute of it!Find a guild to help u and u will be fine!
,Recommended,582660,33096419,Posted: 1 July,all,tiger |トラの目,"first mmo that i ever liked, so worth buying ^_^"
,Not Recommended,582660,32528408,Posted: 17 June,all,doc,"I bought this game for my girlfriend so we can play together, but everytime she enters the game within a few seconds she's kicked out and it says ""connection with server has been lost."" At first I thought it had something to do with her internet connection just being ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but even when she tries to play it somewhere else it still kicks her out. I told her to just try making a new character and see if that'll work so she made one and when she did it worked fine, minus it being sort of laggy. The next day, however, it started to kick her out again. She started to do research on the problem and it turns out this same problem is happening with some many other people too.The game works perfectly for me and I honestly enjoy playing it because it's really fun. There is so much to do and explore within the game and the graphics are amazing as well. The only problem I see with the game is that so many people are having trouble to enter the game and they can't play it all. From what I've read in the forums of the game's website this problem has been happening since the release of the game and it still hasn't been fixed. This game is really fun and full of things to do, so I really hope they fix this issue so the people having problems entering the game can enjoy it too."
,Recommended,582660,34498732,Posted: 26 August,all,Your username may only be 32 cha,sure
76561198035238626,Recommended,582660,34245619,Posted: 14 August,all,NooToe,"Great game, became too much of a grind for me however. Very well designed game that is massive with tons of detail."
,Not Recommended,582660,34530823,Posted: 27 August,all,MAMA VOORHEES.,"Choppy graphics, annoying tutorial, and was not as engaging as I expected it to be.- The character customization is a really nice feature, but beyond that it's flawed.- Personally not a game for me."
76561197989360243,Not Recommended,582660,34597983,Posted: 29 August,all,glenmacster,"I love playing BDO. Played the 7 day trial offered on the BDO site, but thought if I was going to play further I would use Steam for the payment convenience. Don't like to have my credit card everywhere all over the internet.That was the worst move I have ever made in my gaming life. The inconvenient disconnects and lag are just not worth the payment convenience.This game is so much fun and it is so painful to be fighting mobs one minute and then disconnect, relog and come back to find your toon dead. Death can destroy crystals on your gear and some of those are costly. Hard to do guild activities when you have to keep logging on as well. I spent a lot of money on costumes and pets too. And I am ready to walk away from this game on Steam and play it on the BDO servers.Ridiculous to put up with such poor quality in a great quality game."
,Not Recommended,582660,34252018,Posted: 15 August,all,Undeadmerc,"Fun game, if you like being constantly pressured to fork out money for a game that has quite possibly the worst servers"
,Not Recommended,582660,34895128,Posted: 11 September,all,Hawkeye,"what is the point of making the player take a last name that is case sensitive, and cant be used by others, if you dont support multiple people haveing the same first name.Pointless"
76561198272546040,Recommended,582660,32152984,Posted: 3 June,all,iimsuperior,very fun
,Recommended,582660,32667526,Posted: 22 June,all,jmz,Good fun if you're looking for a casual MMO. Insanely addicting(NOTE) Xigncode is safehttp://steamcommunity.com/games/582660/announcements/detail/3062859752419178244
76561198149062080,Recommended,582660,32153214,Posted: 3 June,all,Captain Barbecue,This game is amazing. buy it
76561197983091496,Recommended,582660,32155437,Posted: 3 June,all,Jack :3,"160 hours and 200€ in, best afk fishing simulator on steam.Combat is also pretty cool i guess.10/10"
,Recommended,582660,32155617,Posted: 3 June,all,Azorian Gaming,"Great game, well worth the cheap price.the only thing I see is that there is a lot of temptations in going into the cash shop to buy things for convenience.Pets,weight limit,inventory slots,storage slot,the list goes on and on but if you don't want to be competitive from the start you can get most of these things through events and daily log in loyalties,people say this game is p2w i don't think it is, I think it's p2progress faster but i see nothing that is truely p2w that you can't get over time for free,my conclusion is it depends on the type of person you are, can you wait for the stuff while playing? or do you want to throw money at the game and get everything straight away?"
,Recommended,582660,33172562,Posted: 3 July,all,Nyancide,"I got it as a joke, but it's actually not that bad. I just wish I could choose toaster for a character."
,Not Recommended,582660,32370896,Posted: 12 June,all,Jackagate,"The game is fine from what I've played up until around level 46. The combat really is great and interesting for an MMORPG. The character creator was very in depth, and the game looks really good. I enjoyed the life skills and the roleplaying that the lifeskills and marketplace actually allowed in a roleplaying game.However I can't recommend this game because of the developers and bugs. The files for the game have been systematically destroyed to the point of the game being unplayable to many players since around 2015, yet the developers ignore the issue and have convinced loyal fans to blame the people with the issue, or to blame the people's ram. The devs will spin you this odd list of things to try which involves disabling all of your anti-virsues, your firewall, reinstalling the game, running it in adminstrator mode, and verifying corrupted files, all of which I haven't seen permanently work for anyone on the internet. This all points to what I think is XignCode3 having obvious issues with people's anti-virsus' and installing wrong. Now this isn't the devs fault, it is the devs fault however that they simply ignore this issue and continue using XignCode3, even though they've known of this issue since 2015. Don't waste your money on this game yet, it's a literal crapshoot. Your game could work for 10, 20, or 100 hours and suddenly decide one day to give you the Corrupted Files error message and CTD. I will update this review if the issue is ever fixed, although it doesn't look like it ever will beUnplayable/10"
76561198050782592,Recommended,582660,32382410,Posted: 13 June,all,Tykenn,"To clear up a few things Black Desert Online is in no way a ""Pay to win"" experience. It is so much so, that the mention of BDO being pay to win has become a sort of meme within the game.Secondly the pricing, let's compare this to World of Warcraft, also one of the most popular MMOs to date.BDO(Black Desert Online) Is a pay once play forever mmo, with WoW(World of Warcraft) being a subscription based mmo.Yearly cost for just being able to play the game: for WoW if you had brought the six month pass(which is the best price), that would total up to $155.88 every year. While BDO on the other hand, you only pay once without additional fees - Price ranges between packs.Cash shop Items: WoW being largely cosmetic, while BDO is a mix of convenience and cosmetic items. In BDO You can also buy everything in the cash shop through the player marketplace(Cash shop items have fixed amounts of silver they can sell for, to negate p2w) and a lot of the complaining you see here, is largely due to ignorance over the games mechanics. You get inventory space as you progress along the main quest line. As well as being able to buy separate storage in each of the capital cities within the game. The game even offers you the ""booster"" as one of it's daily reward(s)(quite a few times I might add)This is a post to also address the stigma around buying cash shop items. It's a cheap mmo, the prices are what they are for them to make profit and continue to host all of their servers. If you play the game for a year and have only spent your initial entry cost, you aren't getting ripped off in the slightest if you want to buy a cash shop item.And as a side note; AFK fishing builds up quite a lot of time on steam. My actual play time would be around 15-20 hours(on steam), as of writing this review."
,Recommended,582660,33167957,Posted: 2 July,all,Ray,"Yes i highl Recommend this game, Its really cheap right now and a really big game with a still very large and active player base. Its really fun and has great Systems. YOU WILL ALWAYS HAVE SOMETHING TO DO. Every class feels great and their is a lot. The Combat is the real charm of this game, its the reason i even bought it <3"
76561198027024277,Recommended,582660,32386291,Posted: 13 June,all,🇵🇱Squatting_Kamil🇵🇱,Time Eater
76561198147079861,Recommended,582660,31979227,Posted: 26 May,all,Calin,Very nice
76561198017353789,Recommended,582660,32018487,Posted: 28 May,all,DUB Toster,my cat is called jesus ... cause she walk on waterperfect game !
76561198119585384,Recommended,582660,32608681,Posted: 20 June,all,Saltyn,Great game if you can go into it with the right mindset. Honestly the reason I would recommend this is because despite playing with an almost an entirely single player mindset I feel like I'm just scratching the surface.And you can ride minature elephants. c:
,Not Recommended,582660,33164489,Posted: 2 July,all,F.O.X.,Seems like this game should be free to play.
76561198147688330,Recommended,582660,34262615,Posted: 15 August,all,DarkAtomz,What can i say this game is perhaps the best MMORPG i have ever played. This is what an MMO should be. Guys stop reading this and buy the game now!!!!!!!!!!!!!(Trust me you wont regret it.)
76561198318134447,Not Recommended,582660,33312426,Posted: 6 July,all,╰ ★ - GhoZt  - ★ ╮,"A lot of thing's are broken in this. A lot of thing's I dislike about it... I really want to enjoy it but the devs would need to pull their fingers out of their arses and actually make the effort to fix thing's.The game could potentially be really good.I stupidly bought Kakao Cash and then Pearls to buy extra inventory, Weight, Some pets and boosts... None of which is worth £60 all seems to be broken. I had a framerate bug and had to exit the game and reboot it - Lost my XP boost. Signed in every day and for some reason yesterday one of the attendance boards never loaded up and today it's now reset that board yet the other board is where it was? My inventory weight bonus I purchased appears to of ♥♥♥♥ed off and now I'm unable to move freely I'm stupidly over encumbered due to cash having weight in this game - Really don't see the point in equipped items inventory items and cash having weight. I can't purchase anywhere for storage... Kinda ♥♥♥♥ing stuck right now?!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and will be giving this a wide ♥♥♥♥ing berth!NOTHING BUT A ♥♥♥♥ING CASH GRAB!! And it'll be too late for refund now too... ♥♥♥♥♥♥S :@"
,Recommended,582660,33177102,Posted: 3 July,all,✡ Shadowrunner235 ✡,Gud gaim
,Recommended,582660,33182339,Posted: 3 July,all,mohamed sy,omg!!!
,Not Recommended,582660,34298470,Posted: 16 August,all,ilestgentil,This game went full farmville with pay irl $ to complete task immediately instead of waiting 20-90 minutesIt's not much different from those crappy mobile games now
76561198038294728,Recommended,582660,32081844,Posted: 31 May,all,Killermajaro,"I bought this game afew months ago and got extremely hooked until i felt burnt out...Rebought the game on steam and getting back into the jam of it, it's still fun and always has been but there's still the grind and that's what it mostly is of course..P2W? yes and no, id say the only requirements which you got to pay for would be tradepacks and pets, you can get pets in events and they give you some free trade packs at the start but they of course do run out and eventually will feel like some kind of subscription fee.Graphics are good the combat is probably the best out there atm + the awakenings making your class play totally different but allowing you to combo in and out of that feels really great.Trading is♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Though on the other hand your storage is linked through all your characters.. though the bad thing is market is also complete♥♥♥♥♥♥forcing you to buy stuff at the lowest price but then sometimes someone else is so you spend ages just trying to buy a certain item that there's like 100 in the market but it only lets you buy the cheapest..Gearing is quite different and confusing at the start but you'll get there after a short time though unfortunately the grind is hard and gearing can depend on rng alot, good thing is some classes use the same weapon and storage is shared so you can gear up one character and pool it all to an alt to use that to level em, all armor works on all classes.Pvp... avoid bezerkers they will man handle you and mages will one shot you but other than that the pvp is quite fun, though you'll meet alot of try hards that will rek ya.You don't have to just do combat though, there's lots of other things to do like fishing, crafting, cooking, setting up some workers to make passive income or taming horses.TL:DR good time sink, good combat, good content, semi p2w but not really, also with mass grind."
76561198047232852,Recommended,582660,32229740,Posted: 6 June,all,BamofRivia,"TL;DR: Great game, XingCode outburst is overexxagerated.Having spent 119 hours in about 2 and a half weeks in this game, I feel I can accurately review this game. First off, it's massive, I've spent this much time and have barely uncovered part of the map, along with all the things you can do in the game. It is very much a sandbox RPG over an MMO. The game doesn't hold your hand through everything, after the tutorial you're free to go about as you please. Addressing the reports of XingCode Anti Cheat Rootkit, there are people who've been playing since launch and never had any problems with this, unethical to install without warning? Yes, but it matches your programs and installs in the last 48 hours to a blacklist for cheating software, it doesn't give a damn what you have on your computer, and isn't reporting it back. It simply is making sure you aren't cheating. A great game that has swallowed part of my summer already and is HIGHLY recommended."
76561198041058165,Recommended,582660,33131804,Posted: 2 July,all,DIME,Pros - Good GameCons - Met Character called Lionel Richie - Not black - literally unplayable
,Recommended,582660,31975113,Posted: 26 May,all,where are your children?,Best game ever
76561198020166661,Not Recommended,582660,33399495,Posted: 9 July,all,BALTHAZOD,"i have played the game for a couple of months and it has many good qualitys and many bad ones.. If you are going to play it which i do recommend as its cheap and you will get your value for money but dont buy it on steam.  The reason is it has a large AFK cpmponant to it where you level skill such as fishing and others afk..And as steam hogs all band width and only lets one game at a time run, you are better playing the client version rather then steam.The other problem is that the game becomes very slow once you get to 56, which can be done in a day (I have actually seen it done).  There is lack or storage and inv, you can buy it with real money but even then its all scattered about the map and I spend hours just managing the logistic..This is less of a problem if all you do is grind or PVP but if you are a crafter its pay to play.  I find my self wanting to play the game but when i do I spend it feeling frustrated as I waste my play time managing my bank and inventory."
,Not Recommended,582660,34992653,Posted: 16 September,all,Tuskayn,Cliping simulator c:
,Not Recommended,582660,35037419,Posted: 17 September,all,Frisky Paws™,"Interesting mmorpg. I loved the gameplay was just disheartened by the amount of spam (which is obviously ignorable), slightly clunky UI, and every time I was on chat was dead silent minus spam (I found that odd and alarming which I get it could be a good thing but from all the mmorpgs I've played over the years it just surprised me). It seemed more single player with other players just running around doing the same thing you're doing. Maybe I'll give it another go one day but as it stands if I could put a neutral instead of yes or no I would."
,Not Recommended,582660,35307366,Posted: 29 September,all,Xirus XI,"Should change its name to ""Black Screen Online"". All the help I could find in fixing it was ""fix yourself"". I've got a nvidia 660 and a computer that can run skyrim on ultra w 255 mods installed. Take your own advice. Perhaps if SV hired programmers that knew how to program instead of just how to push political agendas, I wouldn't have to be driven to the brink of insanity and beyond to the point of writing this review.I really wanted to play this game, too. The Dark Knight class looked awesome. But if I'm going to get a middle finger just for spending $6[which means a whole lot more to me than it does to everyone else it seems - who's privileged again? Yea take your own advice here too - sit down and shut up.] then what's the point of even trying to get this game to work? Its clearly more trouble than its worth, which can be said for the MMO industry in general, it seems. All I wanted to do was fish and swing a greatsword around and stare at anime boobs, and I spent $6 I could have used elsewhere and got a ""here have a black screen and a list of useless 'fixes' that will take longer than the 24 hour steam return policy for you to try - e.g uninstall and install again, which took over 10 FREAKING HOURS. just consider the $6 a white male consumerist privilege tax"". Taxation is theft and patience is a vice. I'm returning this game. Enjoy your broken MMO like all the others you hijacked, you privileged bourgeoisie liberals. [to be clear, i absolutely loathe the right and left to an extremely lovecraftian degree that would break your mind if you could see inside mine and witness the depth of said hatred - inb4 ""lol triggered right winger""]"
,Recommended,582660,34322655,Posted: 18 August,all,Arzt,Do you like wasting time on investment properties? well guess what...
76561198268871112,Recommended,582660,32476408,Posted: 16 June,all,Hk gamez,Addicting
76561197976303180,Recommended,582660,34920644,Posted: 13 September,all,twitch.tv/BlackyGERxJahnie,G(rind)iants Farming Simulator Pro Version
,Recommended,582660,31977318,Posted: 26 May,all,Snowseph,"Just when I thought I was going to get a good night's sleep, this game pops up in my recommended."
,Not Recommended,582660,35441831,Posted: 3 October,all,Protein,"First of all I'm not a huge MMO player. This game is a sugarcoated souless, grinding, virtual job for people who don't like fun but like to create virtual waifus. Not the best game for getting into MMOs as a newbie. It's a shame, becouse the game has a nice combat system."
76561198010967110,Not Recommended,582660,33414708,Posted: 9 July,all,Spockie,"While I did enjoy BDO for the amount of time I have played it there are alot of flaws that make it just an average MMO. I've played MMO's for over 11 years and while the game is beautiful it doesn't compete well with others. While the game is very different from other MMOs this creates flaw in that it's difficult to understand how to play the game and it can seem like the game is making the game complicated just so it takes the player longer to get through things.Pros:-Character Creation-Many classes to choose from-Wide Open World-Leveling experience was alot of fun.-Cool animations and skillsCons:-While it is cheap to purchase the game, it's hard to compete with other players without putting money into the game through the Pearl Shop, which can cost lots and lots of money with how high cost the items are.-Classes are unbalanced-Very toxic community, which I noticed in both chat and PVP-Fits into the stereotypical asian MMO-No fast travel system: Which is a debatable con for some because they feel if you run everywhere it feels like a bigger game. Feels like a big world anyway, so i'd rather not have to spend 30 minutes running between places I need to go to.-NOT A GOOD FIRST-TIME MMO GAME: Even for me it was hard to understand how to play this game with me having to go through multiple websites to understand parts of the game that are not explained through the tutorial or until way too late into the game."
,Recommended,582660,33412671,Posted: 9 July,all,Spartox,Really fun and beautiful...
,Not Recommended,582660,33410317,Posted: 9 July,all,ArmstrongDicksmasher,"Well there's alot of pro's to this game, and some BIG technical cons for people like me who live a long way from the servers.Pro's;when it comes to gameplay just read the other positive comments because they know more than me, quite interesting what i got to play with, alot of settings to tinker with to make the game playable, some real neat features other mmos should have had ages ago.The steam summer sale got me an okay discount on a pack i bought to kickstart my way into the game which was nice.\Their tech support is VERY fast with responses, i was shocked at the speed they helped me, and where very useful in pointing out the real cause of my issues.CONS;I live in western australia, in an area with slightly dodgy copper wiring, i have bandwidth issues at times it's true, i have 1-3%packet loss, but for some reason despite all the other mmo's i've played with no problems other than slow speeds (that my WTFast sub helps fix) this game gives me horrible speeds well beyond what im accustomed to, and disconnects me within a few minutes at best every time, without fail, because the game cant handle slow pings i presume? The longest run i got was at the start of my first playthrough, about 15 minutes. Every time after that has been 5 at best, 1minute usually.The very helpful support staff sent me a ping testing program which pointed out the problem, and could only ask i reset my modem and use a gaming VPN which the game doesnt allow you to use.... (wtfast doesnt connect at all with the game and is useless) and politely implied my only solutions was to wait for them to change how the game works so i can play or move to a faster house. I dont mean to be hard on them they were very nice and i have no complaints about their service, it's nice to get to the core of the problem quickly. I'm just annoyed there's no chance of a refund for a game i cannot actually play now i've gone over 2 hours trying to get the damn thing to work.TL;DR = IF YOUR INTERNET ISN'T QUICK AND YOU'RE NOT CLOSE TO THE SERVER LOCATIONS DO NOT RISK BUYING THIS GAME!"
76561198026937096,Recommended,582660,35389257,Posted: 1 October,all,Kermit the Ascendant!,GOTZ TO GO SOMEWHAT OVER AVERAGE SPEED
76561197990237926,Recommended,582660,34663340,Posted: 1 September,all,runningtargetzombiebait,"I've owned the game roughly a month and have 555~ hours in. While I find the randomness of upgrading frustrating, there are guides out there and you have the option of just grinding silver to buy it off someone luckier or more skilled. Despite what others claim, the game is not p2w but pay for luxuries--which is how most ""free"" mmos work these days.I mostly solo and pve so I can't comment on pvp or end-game bosses but I have played all of the classes and enjoyed them. Unlike most mmos, you can learn and level all of the professions so you don't need a toon for each if you want to do it all yourself. Your bank is shared between characters so you don't have to endlessly mail things between your characters. Quests allow you to upgrade your bag and bank size.If you're tired of Skyrim and F4 and want another world to get lost doing EVERYTHING in, pick this up."
76561198022136416,Not Recommended,582660,35072486,Posted: 19 September,all,XenoAlbedo,"I was utterly addicted to this game for almost 500 hours. Yes, I know those are probably rookie numbers for some, but it doesn't change that I now wish I could get every second of that time back.Pros:-Great graphics.-Fast-paced, action combat.-In-depth character creator.-A somewhat strategic layer of node and worker management.Cons:-Tedious, long, boring grind for pretty much everything.-Unbalanced, forced PVP. Skill is meaningless. Numbers are everything.-Boring, annoying sidequests.-Easily one of the most toxic communities I have ever come across.-Combat, while fun at first, will get boring after using the same rotation of abilities over and over again on pushover enemies.-World bosses are trash. Almost and sometimes entirely invisible AoE attacks and they often deal damage outside of what their animation looks like (e.g. arm swing misses you by a fair margin but you get obliterated anyways)."
76561198068404267,Recommended,582660,34755749,Posted: 5 September,all,TheAlphaRose,The most bieautiful mmorpg out there!
,Recommended,582660,35063805,Posted: 19 September,all,Ol' Si,"Black Desert Online. (BDO abreviated)It's a korean developed mmorpg that is pay to win, where the player can do stuff, from killing monsters to sailing into the sunset, or tending to a small garden farm whilst managing a whole network ofsex slavesworkers that ask beer or certain food as salary.As of now, I have over 400 hours playing the game, and I am not sure I can certainly say that I know more than 40% of the game.The game is very vast and it keeps on growing. As of now, there are 14 classes, which some are gender locked to male or female, but in the future the opposite sex counterpart will be added, for example Striker's female version.When you begin the game you will have to rely on the black spirit and the quests nearby, you won't have the need to participate in parties with someone until up to level 50 when pvp starts, but even the chances of encountering someone who pks is slim.Some dialogues and voices are translated from korean to english are off, but that won't be a big problem.Black Desert encourages you to take it slow, and be creative most of the time, but also patient because it takes a while to get somewhere in the game, like gathering knowledge and contribution points from npc quests take some time. =)Of course, making money is up to you as well, because the top players keep their methods to themselves due to the fact that some players once updated their ways of making money and that method got used by alot of players and flooded the marketplace with the items they made from that method. :P(pst, there are alot of events that may help you get some cash, for starters)It's worth getting your lifeskills to high levels, as you will get rewarded with something useful when doing so, compared to some other games that did not do that. ^.^For $10 / euro it's very much worth, but if you are patient you can wait for a sale to come and buy it then.You can also make a trial on the official site . For 7 days you will be able to play Black Desert for free and see for yourself if it's the game you'll play. :)"
,Recommended,582660,35280187,Posted: 28 September,all,EmeraldDerp,i keep coming back and pouring my time and money into this game like an abusive ex girlfriend help
,Not Recommended,582660,35363483,Posted: 30 September,all,Dre - soundcloud@dsundre,Literally just got the game maybe 2 hours ago finished downloading and still cant play because if anything happens on my computer it reverts the game to windowed mode but the window mode is cropped weird so i cant do anything in the game like press buttons or use the menu.
76561198221268868,Recommended,582660,34499549,Posted: 26 August,all,yung cahclops,"Black Desert Online is the type of game where you promise yourself you'll play a quick 20 minutes and then do something else, but it turns out you've been playing it for hours. Everything about this game is fun and it's hard to get bored. The combat has a great element of hack and slash that makes you feel like you're really there and also you can carry sheep on your head. What else is there to want?"
,Recommended,582660,34546175,Posted: 27 August,all,Daddy,"After nearly 1500 hours, one thing is very clear: this game is a marathon and absolutely not a sprint.There is an insane amount of stuff to do in this game, it is extremely afk friendly, grinding in it is actually enjoyable, pvp is fantastic and very team based... But the largest thing to note early is that it takes time and dedication to become good at the game. You cannot walk into BDO expecting to be the best fighter in a war when you have only been actively playing the game for a month.Another big aspect of the game is guilds and being part of a community that focuses on how you want to play and what you want to do. It is very easy to find people just like yourself that have common goals and interests.As a final word and thought, this is not an easy MMO. Upgrading in this game can be extremely rewarding as well as very, very demoralizing. YOU SHOULD ONLY PLAY THIS GAME IF YOU EXPECT TO HAVE TO WORK IN ORDER TO BE GREAT.Overall, I would definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a pvp based MMO."
,Not Recommended,582660,34794741,Posted: 7 September,all,gotvet,"Needs a lot of work. Can't recommend it if you are not into games where you need to grind a lot.Cons:-Bad storyline-Boring quests with boring rewards-In pvp the guy with the best gear wins (who grinded the most)-p2w-Forced pvp mode-A lot of grinding-Kinda unrewarding eventuallyPros:-pvp combat has the potential of being really good but it is kinda ♥♥♥♥ed up because people with better gear/ 1 level more will rek you.-Good graphics and decent performance (except in busy cities)-Big map with a lot if things to do-Pretty decent map designWhat the dev's should change:-Make seperate non pvp and pvp servers-Make the leveling system more spread out in terms of xp, so it doesnt take 10 years to go from level 56 to 57 while it takes a very short time to go from level 30-31 , because of this a player who is 1/2 levels higher then you is a lot stronger.-Improve the market by removing the bidding system and stuff-Make the game more rewarding in generall (not sure how this should be implemented)-rework the enhancement system-Make some like custom game modes where people from similiar level/similiar gear can do some fun game modes like capture the flag or something, which give some nice rewards when you win.-Improve performance in cities-Change rewards for quests because usually the rewards are useless-Improve the story line, because it is boring"
,Recommended,582660,35001075,Posted: 16 September,all,Aldasa,"Pretty good so far. Best sandbox mmo I've played, because its not p2w like ArcheAge."
76561197994134930,Not Recommended,582660,35066422,Posted: 19 September,all,LUL,"Criterias for enjoying this game:-Atleast 18hrs of availability every day to grind and do stuff-Insane luck as everything is RNG based, gear, professions, everything IS RNG, down to the f***** skill of your stupid horses-No prior records of heartfailure or heart complications-Alot of real life money since you can pay your way through some of the tedius grind and you can get LUCK ITEMS. Who'd knew, pay for luck in a game.Overall im very salty and my user experience has been far from great. Use this review for whatever you feel like."
76561198334363505,Recommended,582660,35092926,Posted: 20 September,all,xbiscuit420,"Great game if you're into open world mmo. Beware the cash shop items, in addition to being very overpriced some are just plain useless."
76561198022969409,Recommended,582660,35242000,Posted: 27 September,all,devinnator,I love it. Closest thing I've found to Star Wars Galaxies.
76561198005784382,Not Recommended,582660,35365463,Posted: 30 September,all,Queek Latifah,Interesting combat-mechanics limited by a disappointing pvp and pve end game that consists of making more money via a maintained empire of your own so that you can add a digit to your gear. Weak af.
76561198182233029,Recommended,582660,34284251,Posted: 16 August,all,mlgnoscoop,Starts game does tutorial go to city try to buy horse.need more moneyget more moneybuys horserealized there was better tier horsesbuy more horsesfound out you could breedbreed horseshad to sell horse beacuse i had no money (im sorry felicia you will not be forgoten ;.; )got new horse10/10 Best Horse gameplay would sell horse again
,Recommended,582660,34383450,Posted: 20 August,all,arthemisbright,Best Cat Breeding Simulator
,Recommended,582660,34731635,Posted: 4 September,all,wumbla,good mmo
,Recommended,582660,35069115,Posted: 19 September,all,moonis,"time consuming, can be fun, time consuming and time consuming. (fishing is the best thing about this game)"
76561198253768833,Recommended,582660,35093138,Posted: 20 September,all,ghost_agent13,Awesome Game! I need a new computer!
76561198275163024,Not Recommended,582660,35252320,Posted: 27 September,all,LSNDR!,"This game is worth 10$ because they know that you're going to get sucked in and spend another 20-30 even ♥♥♥♥ing 100 on costumes/pets.Honestly, I did have fun with this game for the first 56 levels. But then the god damn xp curve is over the top ridiculously ♥♥♥♥ing dumb... it really doesn't make sense. Ontop of that this game is repetitive as ♥♥♥♥.This community is the type of people who dont go outside, they ♥♥♥♥ing jack themselves off with the underwear feature. They FORCE themselves to level their character because they think they have some spiritual connection to them, thus making them BOUND to play hours on end. And just because theyre a higher level they assume that they're good at video games... mother ♥♥♥♥er no you're not. That game takes ZERO skill. Legit ♥♥♥♥ing... minecraft pvp takes more skill than this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥dude.If you really think you're good at video games then actually play a damn game that takes skill, fundamentals and pin point inputs. If you're going to talk♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game like this, then play Quake or even Street Figher and let's see what happens.Don't get this♥♥♥♥♥♥game for real.I give it a .03/1"
76561198053153270,Recommended,582660,35289168,Posted: 29 September,all,sum fuk?,"Very steep learning curve but once you get it how game works its pretty easy, there is ton of things to do. Also comunity is good and a lot of other players will help without problems."
76561198399652301,Recommended,582660,33240637,Posted: 4 July,all,SoLowRo,Best MMO!!
,Recommended,582660,32002066,Posted: 27 May,all,Bebop,"Now I don't normally make reviews...But the butt hurt people who can't pay $6 for a steam version of this game shouldn't be giving a thumbs down. The review is for a REVIEW not because you bought the game twice and wanted a huge leg up on the steam players.The game is fun, combat is very satisfying, the game is a bit overwhelming at first but once you get into the mix of things you will have way more fun.Also, auto running to your quest by hitting ""T""... why hasn't WoW thunk of this! So cool! Dunno where in the world that quest chain is? Hit ""T"" and if its a long ways away, go AFK or play a mobile game and be back to gaming once you are done!Best T hitting Sim ever! 11/10"
,Not Recommended,582660,32116126,Posted: 1 June,all,♛ FF_Winner ♛ ®,"Game is subpar. Poor performances (texture pop-in, over the top ground clutter) and no way to improve them really, poor servers, ui is one of the most atrocious one ever and there is no way to fix it. To top that off, you have an extremly steap learning curve , with paid option to earn basic modern game functions (no multiple ennemy looting is one of them or inventory expansion), mount system is garbage too.Heres my first 5 minutes : 10 different abilities, bad story, trying to fix a miserable ui, bags are full, globals chat and pops up of marketplace highend gear all over the place, erotic rp spam, invasive tutorial.This is sad because the fighting mechanics looks amazing and the character creation is a lot of fun, but the negatives are just overly present to make that a long term game.I could go on for a while about all the bad stuff I experience,. In the end, this game would be much better if it wasn't an MMO"
76561198040910730,Not Recommended,582660,32246401,Posted: 7 June,all,Captainhowdy,"An extremely clustered UI , and loads of systems with no explanation to how they function , or even what purpose they serve is what your greeted with when you first start BDO. Thankfully you can tweak the UI , and with a bit of research you can learn to navigate the unintuitive mess of systems this game offers , in the end though all your left with is a Korean grindfest.BDO isn't doing anything many other Korean free to play MMOs aren't doing already , if you feel the need to grind for hours on end in a game with an agressive cashshop , you can do so in many other games that don't require any inital purchase."
76561198144652506,Not Recommended,582660,32302983,Posted: 9 June,all,Bad-Shot,I dont like it. The resolution SUCKS. Everything is grainy. AND im having trouble with the resolution as well. It wont change even when i try. I was expecting alot more from this game. Lots of people seem to have the resolution problem. Wont play till thats fixed. Feels like old school crap with the resolution.
,Not Recommended,582660,32305233,Posted: 9 June,all,Knollex,Install this game if you enjoy having rootkits on your PC.  ಠ_ಠ
,Not Recommended,582660,32310492,Posted: 10 June,all,Caveman,why does the game keep crashing at the charactor creation screen?
76561198067306697,Not Recommended,582660,32382726,Posted: 13 June,all,Tootis :3,Crashes on startup and no response from customer service
,Not Recommended,582660,32310181,Posted: 9 June,all,DogLoaf,"The game is unoptimized (Go figure), 1070 and i5 runs the game at a whopping 45-63 fps in open fields, (Yes I changed the obvious settings and editied ini files), the quests give no exp and only killing mobs do which makes the quests seem pointless, the quests are boring and repetitive and while you are doing them you also have to wear eye protection from the graphical glitches and pop in. There are no dungeons, no raids, the whole game is grinding mobs until your ready for pvp and the pvp isn't even that great. There is little balance between classes as the ninja class is completely worthless compared to almost any other class in the game. Chatting in the world chat will make you lose ""energy"", which means you can only type a few messages. This system however does prevent people from spamming and people who offer 3rd party services. The main pro's of this game are the customization options you get, the glitchy, but somewhat decent graphics, and the semi good combat. What black desert fails to realize is that flashy graphics, jiggle physics, and slightly good combat will not make up for the EXTREME lack of content in the game. I know it's stale to compare any mmo game to World of Warcraft but atleast WoW has endgame content, most people would argue the endgame is where WoW shines. In this game its grind some goblins, get to your required level and then go play some boring, unbalanced pvp, all while you grind materials to keep up with your gear. Overall if you want a good mmo game look into the latest WoW expansion, (Legion), or try guild wars 2 out. 15.6 hours isn't a whole lot but I did play the game before it came on steam. I also forgot to mention that when you uninstall the game it installs a xingcode rootkit, which they DO NOT TELL YOU ABOUT, and this will examine what you have done on you're hard drive. The only way to remove it is manually through regedit. Many people have complained about this but the devs have never acknowledged it. Wait a year or two and if the devs are actively adding more content and fix the bugs and performance, than maybe look in to buying it. That's if this game isn't dead by then from another stale, repetitive,mmo game."
76561198006617124,Not Recommended,582660,32385839,Posted: 13 June,all,Jaswolf,"The worst and most unrespectful items upgrading system that the F2P leeches have ever created.You'll loose time, money, sanity and your soul..."
76561198127958415,Not Recommended,582660,32048808,Posted: 29 May,all,Jesse Pinkman,"Do NOT buy this game if you are located in Australia. This game does not have a Oceanic server, you will be playing with atleast 200ping!"
76561198140351189,Recommended,582660,32029107,Posted: 28 May,all,EPOP Taxiarhos,"I havent played this game much althought its beatiful grafics . its just didnt seemed right for mmorpg game . maybe i m a more traditional style player ( aion,wow etc ) .....BUT give it a try ( there is always the refund button !!! )"
,Not Recommended,582660,32280762,Posted: 8 June,all,ParryForte,"Quite a fun game, shame about the spyware. No thanks.Gameplay mechanics are really good; it feels fast-paced, not at all like an MMO. There's a bit of jank, the interface is a trash fire and the voice acting/actor for the black ghost thing is irritating beyond all measure.However, still fun - but also plauged with spyware. You need to uninstall manually after removing BDO. Regedit, search for xhunter, gank it. Go into your Windows directory, xhunter1.sys, gank that too.Remove the spyware and I'll come back!"
76561198046180586,Not Recommended,582660,32167155,Posted: 3 June,all,Claíomh Dubh,"If I could actually get the game to launch, I might've been able to write a stellar review.  As it is, the only solutions on the forums are from members of the STEAM community.  The devs just have a blanket ""we're sooo sorry"" statement, and no word on any possible workarounds.Also I find it pretty shady that my install of the game counted as gameplay time, so I'm ineligble for an instant refund.  That smacks of a scam, imho.  With luck, steam will honor my request ticket for getting my money back, because right now I feel like I got jacked.It's a shame really.  I have friends who play this game and claim to like it.  Personally I'm not a fan of paying money for products I can't use.  If the devs ever iron out these countless bugs, and cease the UBIsoft silent treatment, I may rebuy this game at a future date.  Assuming the servers are still up by then."
76561198151578459,Not Recommended,582660,32187238,Posted: 4 June,all,Loli Slayer,"This game is extremely fun, but the anti cheat is a major turn off. Ended up refunding the game. Apparently the anti cheat is still active even after you uninstall the game."
,Recommended,582660,32053984,Posted: 29 May,all,Shebe,Gameplay+ graphics look beautiful- but the game is slow and laggy. Whenever I try and load a character my game crashes ;(
76561197966801532,Not Recommended,582660,32146196,Posted: 3 June,all,nxler,"I don't normally review games but I saw all the positive reviews and needed to thrown my own perspective.I've been looking for a good RPG (MMO or single player) and was drawn in by the many postive things folks were saying on here.  It was on sale so I bought it.  I played a bit over an hour.  I leveled up fairly quickly by folling the arrows and clicking.  Not once during that time did I make a choice about a new ability or path for my character.  The abilities autogenerated and populated into the hotbar at the bottom.  The combat was not challenging (I guess it gets harder at the high levels, not waiting till then) and while it was pretty, not enough to keep me going.I got bored and uninstalled.Maybe I'm not used to this particular flavor of story telling but the plot didn't draw me in and the game mechanics were bland.If you like character creation, it's amazing.  Penty of options and variety.  After that, in my opinion, it's sub-standard and I can't recommend anyone else spend the money."
76561198282487634,Not Recommended,582660,32144381,Posted: 2 June,all,Jamal,Great game overall very unique but horrible to play with friends you cant trade or help each other gain supplies or build up together it turns into one guy grinding while everyone else sits there
,Not Recommended,582660,32284772,Posted: 8 June,all,dattasss,"**** STEER CLEAR FROM THIS GAME ****I have to admit this game has potential but the downsides far outweighs the upsides.• PROS:1. Very nice graphics. The open world has very vibrant colors and beautiful design that gives u a sense of fulfilment.2. There are loads of things to do. Alchemy, Crafting, Fishing, doing random side quest and what not.•CONS1. This game will install spyware in your system without even telling you. I FREAKING HATE that when game developers installs thing without my consent. PLEASE STOP.2. Huge game engine bug that will cripple your game performance. I have GTX 780 in SLI and the first time I ran the game - it scaled smoothly and gave me a very decent ~60 to 70fps at 1440p with everything high. From next day onwards - the game wont run properly on SLI. If I have SLI on - both of my gpu will go idle and underclock to ~324MHz (from 1GHz + default clock) and sit around 20% GPU utilization and you will get barely 10-15 extremely stuttery fps. I found that this is a plague for this game without any viable solution. I have waited at least 3+ patches, changed several drivers but nothing worked. Little google will tell you same thing happens with single GPU systems as well.3. Servers with bonus EXP will be always overcrowded - you will get very annoying lag due to high server ping.4. Gameplay mechanics will require you to spend money frequently so be warned. You will gain weight from free silvers you earn everyday. First game I played where your meney will actively increase your weight to the point where u will move slower than an ant and be forced to pay money to buy weight reduction workarounds.So after trying for like 1.5 weeks - I am giving up on the game. I think I am past the point of asking for a refund, shame."
,Not Recommended,582660,33524991,Posted: 13 July,all,Hairy Butts,Crashes everytime I try to connect to a server been trying for nearly a month and I've given up.
76561198018322248,Not Recommended,582660,34365204,Posted: 19 August,all,King In The North,"Good gameAmazing CombatWant to look cool and have some badass knight armor?Cough up some money, because to look even decently good you will need to buy outfits"
,Recommended,582660,35400970,Posted: 1 October,all,﴾T﴿aint﴾S﴿masher™,"Yeah it's good, try it."
,Not Recommended,582660,35424390,Posted: 2 October,all,Cryptic3211,This game keeps on crashing its a waste of my time to install it
76561198116661903,Not Recommended,582660,34697218,Posted: 2 September,all,<WillyWonka>,I have to let a negative review because those things others already told.If you want a game like this go for Vindictus.
76561198063088768,Recommended,582660,35404534,Posted: 1 October,all,dantback,"Ok first of all some of the reviews are a little extreme. ""The game isn't fun or is a play to win, etc."" always from somone who has 1000+ hours on this very cheap game.This game is amazing. The world is beautiful of full of different things to do. You can go along so many different play paths in this game with so many classes that are all fun yet so different from each other. You can join guilds of all types and do pvp and node wars with friends. I have made many friends from playing this game, it is always enjoyable because if I get bored of one thing, I have so many other things to do. This game could use some work in some areas, good thing it is updated over and over so it becomes better. I recommend this game to everyone. I was not a fan of games like these before, now its all I play.Please don't listen to the play to win comments or the ""it takes so long to level up"" . This game is worth it."
76561198017649360,Recommended,582660,35080329,Posted: 20 September,all,Lokex,"Over 100 hours in 3 weeks, and still have a lot of thig i even don't know how work and u can keep all time doing thing's, u never get bored with this game.The visual efects are amazing and all the terrain is really nice done, all places u go seems to have life.No monthly pay, what u buy with real money, isn't relevant with your dmg/def in combat, and also u can get all thing bougth with real money on the ah if u are patient.All new content are free, and u only pay 10€, I hope u guys if like MMO game try this one it's really nice ^^, cya."
,Not Recommended,582660,35084024,Posted: 20 September,all,moondog,"First of all, most importantly for me as to why I DONT reccomend you play this game.YOU CANNOT PLAY FOR FREE, ATLEAST $60 + $15  monthly is MANDATORY to be remotely competitive in this game.-Progression is  90% RNG based, buying gear = RNG, making gear = RNG, getting a good horse = RNG etc.- Localisation is pretty poorly done- As previously mentioned, the business model SUCKS. The game constantly asks you to spend money to stay ahead. Changing Classes? You have to REBUY most of the stuff you paid large amounts of real money for. Its not pay to win in the strict sense, but money DOES make you a richer, more efficient player, so in the loose sense of the term, this game is very pay to win.- The engine is really bad, lots of annoying desync and weird behaviours+Good graphics+Combat is fluid, fun and engaging (For most classes)+Lots of variation in stuff to do, indepth profession system in addition to the combat paths.+Great character customization (Although costumes cost REAL money or can be luckily ""sniped"" off the auction houseOverall, for the average gamer, I DO NOT reccomend this game because the business practices are awful and very much exploitative. The only person I can see playing this game is someone with a good amount of time, who enjoys a grind, yet at the same time can afford to spend a decent amount of real world cash as well."
76561198104188072,Not Recommended,582660,35085083,Posted: 20 September,all,REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE,game is okay comminity and the people there is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥its like the cancerous cancers of league of legends community came to this game just to fk it up even worse and sometimes its nice when u find a nice regular person that is willing to help provide information but then again maybe 2 out of 10 people will help the rest will either troll you or TROLL THE ♥♥♥♥ out of you
,Not Recommended,582660,32347928,Posted: 11 June,all,Dear Legacy,"Hello guys,I have played this game for 199 hours within last 15 days - I was happy, but then I saw all those XIGNCODE3 comments so I have decided to make my own research and here is decision:I have heard if you uninstall BDO then the XIGNCODE3 stays in register manager; this is not my case, I don't know how you uninstall your games? ..but via ""revo Uninstaller"" xhunter key is gone also with BDO.If you are interested in how to do the check by yourself, please:press windows key + R -> type regedit ->  press ctrl + F -> type hunter; in case you have found: xhunter1.sys file then delete it (please do not delete anything else also proceed only if you are 100% sure what you are doing).If you are interested in what XIGNCODE3 does - follow this link:http://www.wellbia.com/home/en/pages/xigncode3/…anyway I wanted to say that I have no problem if some background app is playing as an anti-cheat guard but regarding to XIGNCODE3 there is just too much negative comments - at 1st I was thinking a few people are trolling and I did not care also I have nothing to hide (I'm watching porn via website only, btw why do you need to download porn these days anyway?!?) but the truth is that this game is actually supporting AFK playing and with this thing on..all the time..I have become less confident and XIGNCODE3 doesn't make it just to my PC but inside my head as well.There is no official statement from BDO Team but there is so much hate on XIGNCODE3 all around the internet (also search for xhunter1..) and this cannot be ignore.To BDO Team, please write some statement for Steam players regarding to this issues - also fix achievements...or the best option would be if you could change XIGNCODE3 to VAC-Secure system as we are used to.Oh anyway, the game is great, I'm lvl 56 ranger, I was ranked in many of profession, I even donated in pear shop but this is something what totally destroyed my gaming experience as I was often playing AFK and this background app doesn't make me happy at all as there's also only one line on BDO website which says: ""Xigncode is an anti-cheat program that is used to ensure fair and legitimate gameplay occurs within the world of Black Desert Online."" ..meanwhile it does another tens of stuff plus the game support you to play afk while this progam is running all the time in background - it's just weird.Thank you for reading this review, I don't wanted to be mean and I wish all the best to BDO Team and the game it self, unfortunately regarding to this issue I cannot recommend this game as it's possible tracking your whole day as Black Spirit.~Legacy(…sorry for my english, I hope you did understand my point anyway.)"
,Recommended,582660,32348076,Posted: 11 June,all,xBradASSx,"This game is hands down the best MMO i have ever played. Yeah there are small p2e aspects, but nothing that is going to completely change your outlook on whether you enjoy it or not. If you do the quests you will be rewarded with extra inventory slots etc that people cry are so expensive if you buy them. The almost infinite amount of things you can do in this game is amazing. I wasnt a big MMO player, i mainly played FPS until i tried this game, and since doing so i have not stopped playing and still only opened up around 10% of the map. Point being, give this game a try and you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,582660,32352560,Posted: 11 June,all,Kualdir -mippa-,"I normally do not like MMO style games but this one actually keeps me playing without realising the time, I did not collect the most hours since I have exams but will be rewriting this review once I have a max level character.The Good:Grapics are amazingGreat CombatClassesCustomizationPVPAuto run to waypoint (I love this feature)Player housingNot play to win (ish) - there is a small adventage getting the tier 5 horse from the start but you can get a tier 3 within 10 hoursNo monthly fee""noob"" servers (+100% xp for your first month)Daily 30 or 60 min xp boostThe Bad:Strong pc is neededDelay on marketplace (auction house)Only cutscenes and ""repeated"" lines are voiced (most quest text is not so you have to read it / skip it)I would really suggest picking up this game it is fully worth the 10$ and there is no monthly fee (this is what ruins world of warcraft for me)"
76561198117261282,Not Recommended,582660,32419862,Posted: 14 June,all,rattfink669,this game keeps losing connection can't play it
76561198056220803,Not Recommended,582660,32569447,Posted: 19 June,all,MBDx,"Alright. I´ve played this game for 70 hours now and I´m regretting that i spent so much time on this game. That´s why I´m trying to get a refund on it (hopefully).The main reasons for that is the stupid pay to win aspect of the game.Now the game itself is based around grinding, grinding and grinding.But to do that somewhat efficietnly you need to spend real cash for-costumes-pets-items that increase your inventory space-items that increasy your weightlimit-items that increase your storage spaceto grind effectively and progress on in the game.So altogether you´d have to spend around 100 bucks for all the cash shop stuff.You can buy and sell costumes and pets on the marketplace but you´ll never be able to get an item due to bots and other♥♥♥♥♥♥It´s really sad how the devs don´t care at all about this game and are just milking their playerbase for money."
,Recommended,582660,34520355,Posted: 26 August,all,CrazyRD,Awesome game with very in depth economy
,Not Recommended,582660,33848470,Posted: 27 July,all,Undermoose,"If you are new to Asian MMOs, I would not recommend this game.You will be inundated with far too much information, game concepts won't be introduced to you in any sort of meaningful tutorial way, though you can bring up the ingame wiki... cause that is how I want to learn to play a game, by endless amounts of reading.If you are used to asian MMOs (Final Fantasy Online games, Archeage, etc), then you might get a lot out of this. If you are used to western MMOs, then this game will have a very steep learning curve to get into it, and you might not enjoy it regardless."
76561198040220549,Not Recommended,582660,33982546,Posted: 2 August,all,Adamant Alliterator,"In a time of many games in the world, if I find a game that I feel worthy of playing, I will write a review.  Reccomending the game, is a funny thing.  I both like... and dislike this game for many reasons, but I will only reccomend a game to someone if I absolutely adore it.The game itself plays and handles amazing.  There is a lot to do for the crafter, pvper, pvEr, or the person who just wants to play the auction house.  You can raise horses, build a boat, hunt whales, make your own garden, own a network of workers and traders.  But... the community is feral at best.  From the moment you log into Black Desert, expect to be bombarded with special phrases like ""trans people are gay, and don't belong in my military,"" or my personal favorite,  ""if I rub up against my dad in the shower, does that make me gay?""  If you choose to filter out the chat, the game becomes a ghost town of meandering Player characters doing their best NPC impressions, clogging up around key npcs, or adding to a general feel of lonesomeness, that I don't honestly like in an mmorpg.  From Goldsellers, to trolls, a vapid community isn't the only negative point on the list of hard notes that will be brought up.I want to reccomend this game, since I love the mechanics so much, but they get repetative, and they do so shockingly fast.  Once you learn the base mechanics of combat, the game's combat system grows surprisingly stale.  Those who find catharsis in Dynasty Warriors type games will enjoy the grind, but it's a long grind.New Players will either fight through the cluttered UI, find a means to remove all the clutter, or likely quit, as you are near to constantly harangued by every single thing that happens in game.  These things consist of blue whales appearing in a certain area, a war breaking out between two rival guilds, or almost always, the bombardment of players selling and listing items on the auction house.  Luckily, you can disable this, but disabled, should be the default.  Everything in Black Desert, is a grind.  From leveling up in combat skills, to leveling up a life skill like sailing, gathering, cooking, hunting, or even the component I found the most catharsis with, horse taming.  You can level up your  weight limit by carrying around a special backpack, your stamina meter by walking around,  your HP- by eating food, to which there are graphs upon graphs for how long these tasks will take.  Do you want your weight limit to be at maximum?  Set your toon to auto-loop carrying a back pack for 55 hours of non-stop online activity.  This is the same expected time frame for running a horse to level 30 (which you'll need multiple as there are multiple tiers of horses).   It's true, you can cut down on your active time playing this game if you ""AFK grind""or pay for the convenience to speed up some of the vicious grind.The cash shop is... a strange bird at best.  On the one hand, there are several convenience items available such as inventory expansions, weight limit boosters, EXP boosters, horse death counter reset, horse breeding counter resets, underwear, house decorations, bank upgrade slots, boat, horse, and camel costumes, Pet auto-gatherers, even upgrades to a worker mini game that are otherwise unobtainable.  Most of these items are sellable via in game market, but will likely never appear or sell out immediately.  This said, there are in game costumes you can manufacture given the appropriate amount of time and materials (40 hours is the standard).Respectively though, Black Desert is pretty to look at.  The world is well sculpted, even if they reuse the same NPC in certain towns repeatedly (sometimes 4 times in the same area).  The Worker placement mini game is fun and serves as a cyclical reminder of a reaching a certain point in game, but there are problems, that the Korean server of Black Dersert Online for example does not have.  Black Desert, is far from perfect.  Once you learn how to achieve maximum combat level there is a lot to do while you wait.  Pearl Abyss is good on adding new content regularly, and rewarding players, but expect to be reminded that you can pay to have things you want to work towards instead.This game is one nicking cut after another.  Nickeling and Diming it's playerbase, as most FTPmmorpgs would, but Black Desert is not free to play."
76561198142007730,Not Recommended,582660,31939146,Posted: 24 May,all,Antex,"Great experience, horrible game.Well, Black Desert Online has finally hit steam. So if you're new and you've seen around you see people praise this as one of the best expiriences. Well I hate to break it to you but this game is a flop and I'll tell you why.I've played this game for a good 2700 hours, since around release. I had a 59 ranger and 59 dark knight. I've been around for a long time and I've seen about all there is to see in this game. And I can tell you this game is like heroin, but it's just an addiction but not a good one you always feel dissatisfied afterwards. Especially with the ridiculous RNG mechanics to every thing in the game.The graphics look great right? Except the optimization is a joke, theres awful popping, popping that's worse than gamecube generation. Worse than Playstation 2 games, and you know why the popping is so bad? Well aside from the fact the optimization is a joke, theres has been a memory leak issue for the past 3 YEARS... you'll be at the main menu and it uses up 6 GB OF RAM. You need about 16 GB of ram to properly run this game without popping or FPS drops.Then when that's out of  the way you still have ridiculous FPS issues! This game is CPU intensive, it only uses about 40% of my GPU (GTX 1070 8GB) on max settings. And 100% of my CPU (i5 4690k) you must have a godly PC to run it.Now that that's out of the way, lets address the serious issues that this game suffers from.First off, theP2Wissue. Now I can tell you that it isn't THAT bad. But it has been a thing for a long time and it might turn off some people. The game might be 10 dollars but it's actually about 50 dollars because you NEED (not WANT) to purchase pets if you want to pick up items quickly. It saves you so much time from picking up items, they are 10 dollars a piece. Theres an item called Value Pack that increases your Inventory, Storage, Weight, and the amount of money you obtain from selling items. So it is borderline Pay to win essentially.It gets better, there is also items that increase the amount of durability repaired on your items. Which in short, saves you about 1.3 million silver in game per use of this item. Which is PAY TO WIN as hell.It doesn't stop there either, you can purchase pearl items and sell them on the market for in game currency, albeit it's barely anything but it is still there.The worse of them all though, is the fact that you can buy pearls with real life money, and give these pearls to players and in exchange they sell their boss items for these pearls which is a serious issue that the developers neglect.So pay to win is an issue, but it doesn't stop there either.The developers neglect the community, and the issues with the North American and European servers. They adjust things according to the Korean servers which is 100x more Pay To Win.Oh did I forget to mention that the servers are literally un-playable at times? The lag from the servers has been around since release, but it's not an issue in Korea so they just ignore it completely. They have this ""Fast Paced action"" but it's irrelevant due to the 2 second registration delay on attacks. There was a point where people had to avoid specific server channels because those channels were worse than the other ones. Causing server inflationa altogether. The lag only has gotten worse throughout time.Along with the lag issues in the action.The PVP is the most unbalanced thing ever.There are classes such as Wizard, Witch, and Dark Knight which are the ONLY ranged classes in the game but somehow they do more damage than melee classes by a long shot? Wizard can literally one shot every class in the game. Classes such as Ninja, Kunoichi, Ranger, and Musa are only good for small scale PVP, which is completely irrelevant as you do not gain anything from small scale PVP. Only Large scale PVP are you rewarded for being powerful in the game.Even though PVP is so bad, it's the actual end game. Don't let other people tell you otherwise because the PVE you gain nothing compared to what you get from PVP. You join a guild and do these things called ""Node Wars"" which you battle other guilds for land so you can get the tax money from it. It's pretty fun sometimes but it almost always ends up in you or the other guilds getting steamrolled by 3 guild alliance. The game does not support alliances but since they do nothing about discouraging it, it remains an issue even 1 year later. The large scale PVP node wars are completely monopolized by the same people every week, nothing has changed for the past YEAR.So if the PVP is bad and that is supposedly the end game, then what is there to do? Well you can do the PVE which is just running around in rotations killing the exact same mobs for hours upon hours for money/XP. It takes about 3 weeks/200 hours to hit level 60, now that might seem like a lot of content but you are literally going around in circles killing the same mobs at the same place. Every second you do something else other than that you are pretty much wasting time because every second you spend not grinding for another upgrade you are doing nothing. Theres not much time for fun in this game.So the game is super grindy, then after you grind your life away for money, you go to upgrade, which the RNG factor of the game is probably the worst thing about the game. Okay so bare with me on this. First it's RNG to obtain the weapon/armor piece that you wish to upgrade, then it's RNG that you get the upgrade material from the market, then it's RNG that you get the failstacks to upgrade it, then it's RNG that you succeed, then it's RNG that you can purchase the repair material if you fail. and the best part is? if you fail on some of the higher upgrades... YOUR WEAPON/ARMOR DOWNGRADES AFTWARDS... AND IT TAKES DAYS EVEN WEEKS TO GET THAT UPGRADE BACK JUST TO FAIL AGAIN.This game is supposed to be a ""Massive Multiplayer Online"" but the community is so anti social. If you turn on the server chat they don't discuss anything except ""WTB Costume"" and ""WTB Weapon"" and the occasional guild advertisements. The community that is there is toxic and most of them just try to grief you by abusing the karma system.This game is supposed to be a ""Sandbox"" yea you can run around just about anywhere without loading screens (aside from the 15 seconds of freezing in place from the popping) but theres no point if the only real end game is PVP.This game is supposed to have ""Fast Paced Action"" but you sit there spamming the same attacks repeatedly to kill mobs or other people.ConclusionNow after reading all this you're probably wondering why I have 2700 hours in the game. As I said great expirience, horrible game. The game USED to be super hardcore, now they give you everything to get geared up fast. What used to take months to get now takes people a couple weeks to get now. The richest people on the game AFK to get their money.The sad thing is, this used to be the best mmo on the market. But they add so little content actually worth doing but they make sure to add the new 30 dollar costume every week. People on the forums have been asking for new content for the past 3 months and nothing new has come out.My advice? Avoid this game at all costs, it's an addiction. You always end up wanting more thinking you can get more. But you can't. 2700 hours with one of the most geared Dark Knights and I can tell you I felt like I built up to nothing."
,Recommended,582660,32320090,Posted: 10 June,all,CULT|icycalm,Western-level complexity with Japanese-level aesthetics. Korean gaming has a bright future.Game of the Year Awards (1962-present):http://culture.vg/reviews/awards/game-of-the-year.htmlVideogame Culture:http://culture.vg/features/art-theory.html
76561197989704407,Not Recommended,582660,32614373,Posted: 21 June,all,Ultimate Beta,"Grind fest. Good for some but not for me, quickly got boring."
,Not Recommended,582660,32026294,Posted: 28 May,all,Tr.ond,"My first impression is that this is hot garbage, the start of the game and early leveling is as bad as Wildstar and Skyforge.Rift was more fun than this crap..The combat system consists of comboes, which sometimes work and sometimes does'nt, without any feedback as to why it did'nt go off. resulting in blind buttonmashing as whatever you hit works early on.Also, Enjoy being assaulted with popups about items on the marked and players/guilds achieving stuff untill you disable the notifications. You'd think you had to enable the stuff you wanted to see rather than having everything on from the start. Who cares if someone you'll never meet ingame did some cooking or upgraded some piece of kit?Graphics wise it's ok but nowhere near as nice during play as the screenshots make it look as the popin is worse then Rage on launchday.As for the dialogue, sounds and music, it's an asian game. it's annoying as hell and got muted.Edit, i gave it another go since i had somehow managed to spent more than 2 hours on it and therefore cannot get a refund (why is it only 2 hours on an mmo anyway?) ,and i can honestly say that it's the worst MMO i have tried in at least 5 years if not 10. it's a standard RNG infested Korean grind game. a Fee2play with f2p cashgrabs, no auto loot, cash shop lootpets with 10 seconds cooldown on looting to make you buy several of the damn things for $8-10 each.Bank storage is locationbound, so you have to manually move items from city to city, you can only equipt 1 harvesting tool at a time so you have to change them everytime you find a resource node. it's like the last few generations of mmo's did'nt happen..Remember Rappelz? this is it minus the fighting pets.I have no idea what the main story is about because the black spirit that tells it is so flipping annoying i ended up punching the R button repeatedly to get it of my screen, muting dialogue did'nt mute the damn thing either.The serverlag needs a comment to, it's insane.All in all i'd say it's one of the worst games in my library, and that's saying something."
,Not Recommended,582660,32159334,Posted: 3 June,all,Jarkem,Rootkit Simulator
76561198027907972,Not Recommended,582660,32698683,Posted: 23 June,all,jurassicparkz10,"Fun combat and pretty graphics/characters, that's about it.  Everything is in some kind of horrible broken English so quests don't make sense and instructions are confusing, which is not good in a game like this that seems complex with a lot of depth to it. If you can get past the Engrish maybe it would be fine, but me I not to liking without function of comprehension to the player ;)"
,Not Recommended,582660,35401351,Posted: 1 October,all,Sorisu,Look at the reviews to get an idea on why you shouldn't get into this game.
76561198042625536,Not Recommended,582660,32160658,Posted: 3 June,all,Saminthecan,"Save yourself some time and money, don't play this game. Unless you want to spend several hundreds of dollars for a decent experience. Talking to the server ingame they acted like microtransactions are a requirement for a high level character and that is why ill never play this game again."
,Not Recommended,582660,33600138,Posted: 16 July,all,XAlFias,"Awesome Community !- One of the most Toxic  MMO chat- People PKing new players during boss fights and avoids the  other high level players (cause they know  they will get F*** up)-Guilds hires  new players with false hope but then doesn't even bother to answer them in chat-No direct help  anywhere  about game stuff , not in game chat(s) , not even the Help and advice section on official Discord-And of course ,if you are a streamer ,  you can exploit all you want and nothing happens .-To report people spamming in chat , you need to buy an item from the cash  shop (Smart move kakao , it seems blade learned from the best )"
76561198045794044,Not Recommended,582660,33257189,Posted: 4 July,all,[=UKSF=] Lars11290,Microtransaction hell.
76561198025472290,Not Recommended,582660,32695953,Posted: 23 June,all,Kenneth Toilethole,"The screenshots and promo videos are all hogcock. (Combination of hogwash + poppycock.) Google some Let's Play videos and you'll see -- the real game screen isslatheredin text and numbers and clan alerts and BUY STUFF HERE promos and data and noise.The gameplay is deeper than most other MMOs, and the combat is very well done. But unless you've got a group of friends to play with -- and if you do, why are you reading this? -- you're better off just playing a good singleplayer RPG."
76561198081785767,Recommended,582660,31956573,Posted: 25 May,all,dexy39,Addictive
,Not Recommended,582660,32537643,Posted: 18 June,all,"Serenetic - Main Acc, Quit.","Creation is in a way falsely advertised.If you came for the costumes and characters. Be wary.You have to buy the costumes separately.On top of that, you can only make asian looking characters & nearly every character is about 20.Also, bad color scheme and not access to all types of facial hair."
,Recommended,582660,31958700,Posted: 25 May,all,Xmoono,Great so far.
,Not Recommended,582660,35317207,Posted: 29 September,all,KennySBiceps CSGOGem.com,Good game but will try to scam you after you hit level 56.
,Not Recommended,582660,32562398,Posted: 19 June,all,| HT.S | Line,"Okay first thing i have to say are the pros of this game1. Enjoyable fighting SYSTEM2. very ""Diverse""3. ""Big"" mapOkay now for the cons1. Almost every aspect in the first 1-10 hours of this game feels like tutorial difficulty leading to boredom and no challenge2. every ""Diverse"" task requires unneeded time, effort and amount of people to simply make the easiest versions of the boats, get better armour and even ♥♥♥♥ing use the market place because its like a game of quick draw with bids made hours before you.3. most of the map is left only to 50+ and about 20% is left for the majority of the playerbase just now joining.4. I know this will be alittle repetitive but AGAIN, the span of level 1-40 feel like a damn tutorial with no fun. the only thing that kept me playing was to become to worlds best fishersman corporation only to realize, I had the exact same plan as a good portion of the damn playerbase.5. an uninteresting storyline with boring dialogue that both confusing and makes me wonder why I dont just kill off myself if im so evil.6. market place is a giant game of ""who can enslave the most resources 2k17"" with the amount of people watching it waiting for that one piece of plywood to appear.and i know people are gonna tell me ""if you play till level 50 youll enjoy the game, and to that i say,dear fan of this game, I understand you have spent much time in this game but, I wont spend a good portion of my time grinding through levels only to finally play the actual game at level 50 and get out of what felt like the most annoying tutorial of my life ony to get ♥♥♥♥ed by the desert dragon in 1 shot."
,Not Recommended,582660,32240380,Posted: 7 June,all,Dinkley,"you're trying to play the damn game and you have all these alerts and sounds and just tons of crap going on all over the uiit's like being trapped in some sort of schizophrenic marketers headthe only positive i can give this game is that i was able to make a thick thighed asian woman who i would give anything for her to crush me in her thighs g-damn can you make the women in this game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it made me weaki'm still sad i won't be able to watch the running animations for the voluptuous oriental beauty i created but i refuse to play another second of this game i'm telling you the ui is practically pornographic with how unseemly it isin the words of the immortal Chad Warden ""We ain't doing geometry, we trying to play some games!"" and i can't play this cause you have all this crap on my screenidgaf about Joe Blow getting his fisher to lvl 999 and how someone made 8 billion silver or how another player is getting kicked out of their parents house for making the mistake of buying this game (and believe me all this info will be bombarded on you the second you log in)get it off my screen it's not my job to fix this mess i already gave you money for the damn game you clownsavoid this game until the bozos who made it spend less time juggling and slipping on banana peels cause whatever it is they do none of that time goes into fixing the monstrosity of a ui"
,Not Recommended,582660,32114833,Posted: 1 June,all,Kalamir,"I really wanted to like this game but find myself unable to continue playing. Despite the gorgeous visuals and fast paced combat there is just too much negative to make it worthwhile. The interface is absolutely atrocious and there are little to no options for customization. You can't even rebind keys. The story is uninspired and presented in an archaic manner, It wasn't long before I was spamming ""R"" through all dialogue and skipping every cutscene."
76561198026354182,Not Recommended,582660,33203898,Posted: 3 July,all,Squeaks,"What a visually beautiful game! With visually beautiful toons!... And nothing else!I recognize that you can't get the full sense of an MMORPG after just a few days of playing. However, if a game fails to capture interest after the initial days, what is the point of continuing?The combat in this game is visually stunning. It reminds me of dynasty warriors - great combo moves, lots of sparkles. But the fact that I haven't even come close to dying in 30 levels (I haven't even had to use a potion) is not a good sign.  The enemies you fight are all one-shot-kills - I've heard that it gets harder at level 50, but I shouldn't have to grind boring inconsequential enemies for that many levels in order to get to a challenging part of the game.The questing is... confusing. There are waypaths which point you to your destination... but it becomes unclear which quest you are tracking, and often times the paths don't update when you surpass a certain stage of the quest.  Moreover, MOST of the quests I have been on have not been combat related at all - dozens of quests later, I've picked some corn, chopped down a couple trees... and killed some boars for meat.  Of the few combat quests I have had, none have led me to interesting areas, just chunks of mobs clustered randomly in the world which I immediately demolish with a single hit.It feels like there is no consequence to level - I've updated my main weapon maybe twice, the last time being probably around level 10, and I haven't noticed at all. Everything dies in one hit.The crafting is also boring. And I've played runescape - I'm used to long repetitive grinds. But at least it felt like I was getting somewhere in that game, all those years ago. If you asked me what my crafting levels are in Black Desert, I couldn't tell you - because it doesn't seem to matter at all.I thoroughly enjoy how my toon's breasts bounce unnecessarily when the model loads in on the login screen, though. After all, where would we be without every single character looking like they came straight off of a dakimakura pillow (males included)."
76561198120820503,Not Recommended,582660,32840357,Posted: 26 June,all,twitchdelic,"Clunky at best.Almost level 20 in game.  So far my experience has been clunky, and riddled with questions.  The UI is an absolute nightmare, but thankfully you can turn most of it off.  The tutorial is probably one of the worst I've seen in an MMO.  I understand that there's a lot to take in, but it doesn't teach you as much as it just puts it in front of you.  I'm not sure half of what I'm doing, or where to find the proper merchants.Is there fast travel?  I don't think there's fast travel.  I was given a donkey, but I only have the icon.  Mentioned something about a stable, but instead of teaching, it just raddles off a story that I doubt most of the player base can care about amoungst the confusion of the constant bombardment of notifications.Somehow, I still find myself having fun in the maddness.  I'll need to do a college degree amount of research to fully understand it, but the combat is solid, the classes seem rich and deep and I know there's a lot of non-combat roles in the world.  I just wish they took the time to flesh out conveying those roles to player.Thus far, 4/10 experience.  Will continue trying, for now, and update review accordingly."
,Recommended,582660,34832420,Posted: 9 September,all,sinimatik88,This game has the best character customization I have ever seen.
,Recommended,582660,32377979,Posted: 12 June,all,Skas100,I spent 2 hours on creating my character.
76561198330838248,Not Recommended,582660,34320285,Posted: 17 August,all,Booms,"I'm not recommending this game for mainly and probably only one reason. EVERYTHING I'VE ENCOUNTERED SO FAR IS RNG. It's a joke. I've spent millions of silver (about 45million at this point) on trying to upgrade a weapon from 15-pri with 22 failstacks and it's still failing. In other words, get lucky and try again, it either can, or wont matter how long you put into the game because some random can get 15-pri just by spending 4 million. Don't get this game unless you don't mind having bad gear because you can't rely on getting good gear just by putting actual time into the game, you need to be blessed by RNGesus and be a millionaire, which can be especially debilitating if you're playing solely for the PvP and not lifeskills..If this isn't a turn off, then grats! it's probably the best game you'll ever play for 6.99."
76561198050342961,Not Recommended,582660,32528288,Posted: 17 June,all,BURN BLACKS,"4.5 hours on record somehow, cant even connect to the servers. CAnt play the game, and cant refund it. I understand its new and crowded but♥♥♥♥♥♥i bought the game i wanna play it. Ive tried anything I can find online and wrote a ticket nothing has fixed it."
76561198148762090,Not Recommended,582660,33940073,Posted: 31 July,all,WhiplashSeven,Plays like a mobile game with good graphics. Thought the action oriented game play would be a step up on most MMO RPGs it's not.
,Recommended,582660,33222295,Posted: 4 July,all,------------,I've really been enjoying Caucasian Jungle Offline.
,Recommended,582660,32222474,Posted: 6 June,all,MeroBen,"It's Time To StopI've seen people here on these discussions trying to bash the game with only 0.4 ~ 5h like come on people. I've also seen people trying to bash the game here in the discussions that don't even have the game! It's ridiculous how bad this community on steam actually is. There's no reason there should be this many people complaining about the game at once. That is just cancer. Don't get me wrong I understand someone complaining about an issue with the game and it getting discussed. But when you have multiple posts and multiple reviews of the same damn thing over and over it just seems like you're all jumping on the bandwagon. We all saw the first couple posts about this anticheat stuff. No need to continue to post about it after it's already there. Just go discuss it with the people that are already talking about it in that comment section or discussion. It's a bit much. Same goes to any other topic that is already there. Just use google. It's your best friend and you can find whatever you need quite easily if you're smart enough. Just google some stuff. Look for help in game. Have some fun. People stop being so uptight, some of you are writing reviews and complaining about this game like it's threatening your well being or something.Some of the stuff I've seen people complaining about here in general are quite laughable. It's just a huge cancer fest.""my game cant run n crashing ervry minutes plz worst gime evrr uninstll niit evn optimzed""like seriously people. You're on potatoes if you can't run this game in 2017. Upgrade your stuff. Please for your own sake.This community is starting to make me think a good majority of you are wearing helmets and are homeschooled.If you are complaining about the chat in game. Just find a good community and stick with them. The game wasn't near as cancer before steam.TLDR: People here on the steam community are cancer. Move to the better community if you're actually a person wanting to take this game serious and actually have a good experience doing so.If you guys want to see where the actual sane and not absolute cancer part of the community is that has been growing and thriving for over a year, you can visithttps://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/UPDATE:If you can't run this and you're not on a potato. It is most likely something to do with your setup or install or something with your drivers or something, the list is endless. Literally no one will be able to specifically help you without knowing your specs, what you have installed, what you have messed with env variables (ive seen people mess with these because they found some guide somewhere that said to not knowing what they were doing at all) etc. etc.This could go on with issues people have, but majority of the people are going to have the same general issue. It's something to do with your actual pc. Not the game itself. Keep that in mind. So those thinking there is no hope because the game is broken, you're wrong. The game is not the issue it is your stuff. So there's a good chance with enough research and knowledge you can fix your stuff.Also these people complaining about the Anticheat. IT'S NOT AN ISSUE. You are scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of new people wanting to try this game and for no reason. This game has been around for 3 years and it is ran by an extremely massive company. Do you really think a company as big as they are would risk stupid shady stuff like these people are making it seem? Do you really think they would risk a game where people spend thousands of dollars? Don't be so stupid people.Also I wanted to say finally, if you're one of the people who took offense to this post and complained about it down below, you're most likely one of the people I was mentioning in the post and you're clearly stating that by showing how salty you are over getting called out."
76561198060776004,Not Recommended,582660,32762781,Posted: 25 June,all,Sosiaalisukeltaja,"It might be a really fun game if I didn't get disonnected every few minutes. And of course there is the spyware this game installs on your computer. So yeah, think twice before installing this game."
76561198004036176,Recommended,582660,34270640,Posted: 15 August,all,Slye,"The absolute best thing about this game is thelackof human moderation in chat. For that reason alone, I continue to play and support this game; I support unmoderated communication wholeheartedly.The crafting and worker system is quite fascinating, involved, and doable without getting involved in the constant size comparisons you will see in chat and on the battlefield. At the moment I play this game for the crafting system alone (it's -that- good), so for me this is a crafting MMO. Your mileage will vary."
76561198399039818,Not Recommended,582660,34072932,Posted: 6 August,all,Ancetion,Can't Log into servers anymore apparently you have to create a character? {I already did lvl 46}
,Recommended,582660,31955074,Posted: 25 May,all,high man,good game will keep playing
76561198079347030,Recommended,582660,33571634,Posted: 15 July,all,Sage,It is okay. Only got 650 hours nothing big yea know.
,Not Recommended,582660,34634157,Posted: 31 August,all,Gwendle (OTG),"This game is extremely tedious with very little in the way of direction on how to use it's many convoluted systems. If you want to play this game, prepare to Google everything for the first few days.Combat is a joke. There is no challenge whatsoever. It's just mindless slaughter and the biggest challenge I came across was trying to stay awake.I don't think I played this for more than a week before abandoning it out of frustration and boredom."
,Not Recommended,582660,32359134,Posted: 11 June,all,EmberTiger,"This game from the get go looked great. The visuals, the effects, the character creation, the classes....But the questing was terrible. The game made it way to hard to learn how to find quests or talk to certain people or turn in quests. The game has a lot of potential, but the question turned me away from being able to progress any further than 2 hours. It's just really clunky and confusing. The upgrade system is not really fully explained. There's a lot of microtransactions, but none of them really affect gameplay, so it's not P2W. If you have the patience to invest on learning how to actually quest, then you may enjoy this game. The animations during combat look great and play like a DMC or Kingdom Hearts game. The main 3 draw backs on why I won't be continuing is the questing system (Like I stated before), the UI is all over the place. You get notifications everywhere and there ARE ways to disable them. They're just hard to find. I like my UI's kinda simplified and give me more space on the screen to see what Im playing. This game's UI is in your face and takes up the majority of the screen. The last thing that made me not want to play any more is the actual battle system keys. They're just weird. It's not like a standard MMO. They have weird key combinations for your abilities like CTRL+Right Click and Shift+R or Tab+E, etc. I couldn't get past it. If that doesn't bother you and you can get past it, I think you'll enjoy it. If you're looking for a standard MMO, I don't believe you'll enjoy Black Desert Online."
,Not Recommended,582660,32366214,Posted: 12 June,all,Gwynbleidd 🐺,"If you're simply curious to see what it's like give it a download, its not neccessarily a bad mmo.In some aspects its actually perfect.HOWEVER, it is incredibly simple and repetitive.I would only reccomend if you are a true die-hard fan of a grindy korean-style mmo.Far too repetetive and routine-like for me."
76561198219611961,Not Recommended,582660,32403390,Posted: 13 June,all,STARCHFUNK,Error Code 112
,Recommended,582660,34921956,Posted: 13 September,all,L'olicon' v(ersion). 28 Priest,Its okay.
76561198021838777,Recommended,582660,35253176,Posted: 27 September,all,Dotintheparadox,"Good game if you want something long to bum around in, gives you a ton of stuff just for logging in everyday.Ignore the pearl shop (Standard Korean MMO practice, I think they'd be fine if they were just like 10$ a piece in the fake currency, instead of a batshit insane 30$)  and you're pretty much set.I'm excited to see how it updates and I really hope it keeps enough traction for the team to clean up the major rough edges of the game, like better voice acting, animations, and model variation. Also, the character creator is AMAZING, but there's still little parts I wish I could push more on the body.Also you can make a 7ft tall elf chick with thighs that put juicy juice gallon cans to shame."
,Recommended,582660,34907241,Posted: 12 September,all,Nesz,yummy
76561198007367308,Recommended,582660,34414129,Posted: 22 August,all,{FOX} Rusty,"Beautiful, MMORPG/RTS Management GameRecommended!tl;dr= You'll love this game for about a week or so. It is very pleasing to the eyes and has a LOT for you to do in game. Alt-itis? You're covered! Many engaging classes to play. Problem - You'll quickly hit the grind and the money-machine behind the game will be exposed. Value for entry cost however - Not a problem! You'll get good value out of BDO.Longer:As a long-time player of many western/american designed MMORPG's, I will admit I was jaded before jumping into BDO. My perceptions of the differences between NA and Korean derived titles of this nature made me very wary of the value I'd get in the game at all. For example, although almost all NA MMO's have done away with subscriptions the pay-to-win/item shop and pay-wall designs coming from other countries turned me off. So, here I was jumping into BDO... Why?Reasons to PlayAmazing visuals - Many MMORPG's have bland, 'performance friendly' graphics. Not BDO. Super impressive!NO FAST TRAVEL - Moving through this large, interesting land (and sea voyages!) takes time and makes you consider and evaluate how you spend it in game.Player-driven, production chain economy that works in real-time. You'll want to develop holdings in different regions of the game world, in order to develop good for trade or to boost your characters. The system runs largely in real-time, so you'll want to leave your client running/signed-in most of the day!Engaging, non-tab combat. Developing some skill in playing your favorite class does help!Reasons to AvoidInventory/space management issues. In order to drive revenue for the game, the developers have lots of loot items and many forms of currency drop as you adventure. You're going to want to get pay-shop items to help store more, collect it all quickly and manage it. They sell NPC maids in the pay-store to help you with this... really?Average writing devolves into tired tropes, and senseless dialogue/characters (Your guide needs to potty-train you? An NPC named 'Orc Hunter Buddy'?)The grind is almost as naked as some of the character uniforms in the game. You feel like it is almost a joke that the developers give you daily games to play and boosts for your grinding hour.The Economy is quite imbalanced. There simply is no reason to manufacture many of the goods in the game because you'll do so at a net loss.SummaryThis game hooked me for an intense 7-10 days of playtime, then I quit. Once I saw how broken some of the mechanics in the game were, it really shocked me to understand what kind of pay-farm I was participating in. I won't knock the developers - they need to make money, right? I just could only go so far before the clear need to slowly grind OR pay for boost items while in a poorly written facade of a fantasy world overtook my enjoyment for discovery and supply-chain management in game.Try it today, and form your own opinion!"
,Not Recommended,582660,32371572,Posted: 12 June,all,Walkyr,"So, after playing this game for several days like an addicted maniac, I feel confident to post a review and share my thoughts about this game. First and foremost, English is not my native tongue, so I'm apologizing already for typos and grammatical mistakes. This review is, as any other review, portraying pure honesty.Now that that's out of the way, let's begin!GraphicsThe graphics are something that a MMO doesn't necessarily need to be perfect at. An example for that being Runescape or older World of Warcraft. Yet graphics do give it a nice breath of fresh air and show that they care for looks as much as gameplay.It's easy to say that this game looks breathtaking. I don't understand people who say that it looks ugly. For me, with the settings on max, the game looks phenomenal.The only aspect that shows how the graphics are getting older is with the textures. It's sad to see so much care put into things like skin, hair and lips, but only to be ruined by the clothing having an average texturing and meshing done.I hope very much that the developers would update the looks on standard clothing and armor, seeing as the premium ones look good.Pros:+ Beautiful scenery.+ A lot of attention and care put into facial features.Neutral:+/- Generic MMORPG enemies (Orcs, Frogs, Undead, etc.)+/- Clothing and Armour have average meshing and textures.Cons:- Awesome, highly detailed weapons and clothing costs money.Conclusion:9/10GameplayGameplay is something, that is the most essential thing for every game. MMORPGs are no exception to this.Black Desert Online follows a more traditional Korean root. Grinding is expected, but loot is guaranteed to come as well. The combat system is fluent and very nice. It has quite a lot to do with moving, rather than just casting shields and hoping to survive. Here, you try to avoid all damage with dodging, trying to backstab the enemies.What I haven't done yet, which is one of the most important aspects of this game after hitting 50, is PvP.I am purposefully not completing a Level 49 Level up Quest after having read so much negative things about PvP. Knowing that players can just run up and kill you is something I do not want to experience at all. This may sound beyond stupid, but I want to play friendly and team up with people, rather than having to kill them and solo a boss. For my taste, this is something that would push me completely away and make me return to Blade & Soul. Though for all the 49 Levels I have been playing, I can say with most confidence that the PvE is good. It has some cons, but the pros outweigh them.Another aspect of the game, is traveling. Unlike modern World of Warcraft, you either have a Horse, or you just run. Fast travelling is not a thing in the first 49 levels. And you will be running around a lot. Especially with how much loot you get from enemies, you need to put them at the market in the capital cities and just run back. If you don't have a horse, you're doomed with running constantly several minutes. I personally do not find this bad at all, seeing as it allows me to do some other things like check my mail or get something to drink.Pros:+ Great and fluent Combat System+ Nice amount of loot.Neutral:+/- No Fast Travelling+/- AI can be dumb at times.Cons:- PvP is forced after level 50- Questing becomes boring after several hours of questing.Conclusion:5/10CustomizationVery short subject, but to put it simple; Black Desert Online has the worst customization I've ever seen for an MMORPG.Each clothing has a difference in Blade & Soul or World of Warcraft. Here, you can be lucky if your clothing changes color when you change armor. If you want to look special, you are forced to either grind a LOT of cash and hope you can score a lucky deal in the market, or you buy some awesome armor for real world money.It just truly surprises me how bad the customization is. If you don't want to be caught in the micro-transactions of the game, you won't get anything. Sure, you have the daily rewards and can get on some days a piece of clothing that lasts 7 days, but that's it. If you don't buy or have amazing luck in the market, you're stuck with a vanilla-look. The only refresh is where you get a piece of clothing during a quest that looks only partially better than some other class-starter-clothing. And that piece of clothing is the only difference you are going to get.Pros:+ Nice looking premium stuff.+ Daily rewards for playing.Neutral:+/- Premium clothing don't give OP Buffs.Cons:- You must pay or farm ridiculously crazy to get nicer-looking clothes.- Daily reward clothing only lasts 7 days.- Difference in armor is only statistics and color.Conclusion:2/10SkillsThe skills are something what sets this game apart quite heavily. As with each MMO, you are capable of mining, gathering and fishing.Where it starts to slightly differentiate is how you collect fluids from mobs, instead of skinning them for fur.Where it really goes apart is how you can own a boat and go into the open ocean to fish. The further you go out, the bigger the chances of something happening, but also the bigger the chances of getting better loot. If anything, you go out with a guild with boats to hunt whales. Whales! How awesome is that? Another amazing feature is how you can tame wild horses. You can also breed horses, hoping to get a better horse.These things are a very big and a definite change from the constant mob-farming you do.You're also always in a relatively safe spot, so even if you hit Level 50, you can just stay in the city, crack open a cold one with the boys, lean back, and enjoy fishing and breeding horses.Pros:+ Fishing is a pleasant change of constant combat.+ Taming & breeding horses+ Most of the time in a safe zone.Neutral:+/- Performing such skills requires energy.Cons:- Mining, gathering and fluid collecting is very boring.Conclusion:10/10Final thoughtsThe game is amazing. I adore it. And it hurts me a lot to give it a thumbs-down. After I've hit Level 49, I started to dig around in the internet to see how the PvP is. I was quite honestly shocked to see how you can get killed even without flagging yourself for PvP. And because of this, I must give it a thumbs-down until they will fix this. May it be some servers that are PvE only, or make only flagged players be able to attack other flagged players. I don't want to constantly fish and breed. I want to go out and farm mobs as well. But if that means to attack other people and carry the risk to ruin my fun, I may as well not risk it at all.I absolutely will continue playing this game, but I also definitely won't buy anything in the in-game store. Up to level 49, you don't need a Premium Pack or any of such likes, so I'll keep the cash pocketed for another game that I will spend more time with."
76561198075853828,Not Recommended,582660,32351579,Posted: 11 June,all,ukztrippydez,GOOD GAME JUST NEED BETTER SERVERS
76561198016214472,Not Recommended,582660,32098621,Posted: 31 May,all,Masakari,"A hack and slash RPG. Not well integrated, the tutorials are in korean. Should be F2P. Little dependance on skills and instead about memorizing and executing combination, like in tekken. There are better RPG's out there."
76561198011975271,Not Recommended,582660,33358163,Posted: 7 July,all,Heretic,"Heard some good things about this game, bought it, found out every server is overfull, spent almost 30 minutes in character creation attempting to find both a first AND last name that was not taken, gave up after nearly a half hour picking random names (including just picking random crap trying to get into the game) with no luck. Forget this nonsense, asking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,582660,33333041,Posted: 6 July,all,Mar D. Slayer,"Im disappointed and sad since I wasted many hours on trying to enjoy that game, too many quests, too many broken things like mini games, energy system is some joke just like node one, that you cant trade is unbelievable. The funny thing is that in this game doing anything is more complicated than it would be in real life I dont know how the hell is that even possible I thought that games were supposed to be enjoyable and easy since life is hard enough? I will be honest Vindictus has many bugs and fails but near BDO its a freaking masterpiece and you dont have to pretend to enjoy it."
76561198079064201,Not Recommended,582660,32739363,Posted: 24 June,all,Werebear,"Black Desert is a fun MMO, packed full of content to keep you entertained for hours at a time. Yet, I cannot recommend the game.Pros:+Fast, rewarding action combat+Interesting gathering and crafting system+Node and worker system that adds strategy and economy elements+Cool aesthetics with in depth character creation, and NPC's/WorldCons:-The grind, you grind monsters or you afk grind Life Skills (crafting/gathering/fishing). I am fine with the grind, but it can be excessive.-Community. The chat is full of arguments/flaming. Use Google before asking chat.-Paywall. There are many aspects of the game that become easier with the cash shop. That being said, there are ways to get the cash shop items with millions of Silver (ingame currency) through the marketplace.-Marketplace. At first glance it is alright. However, items can sell fast and the bidding system to buy items is a raffle. Keep that RNG raffle in mind when you want that cash shop skin.-RNG. It is used for upgrading equipment, getting new items, and making money in general. The worst, in my opinion, is the upgrade system that penalizes you for failures, on top of the fact that it failed to upgrade.Black Desert is a good game, probably one of the best MMORPG's I have played because of the overall style of the game. I would play it more had I not hit a Paywall. I also prefer to play the game actively, yet i find myself doing AFK tasks all too often. In its current state, I cannot recommend this game."
,Recommended,582660,33165789,Posted: 2 July,all,Phinx,good
,Not Recommended,582660,32915975,Posted: 27 June,all,oClock,runs terribly!
,Recommended,582660,33277119,Posted: 5 July,all,TastyGrapes,"'excuse me' simulator10/10, would run into everyone in town again"
,Recommended,582660,33874126,Posted: 28 July,all,3 cheese burrito,its wow but the butts and the boobs jiggle so worth 10$
76561198014519422,Not Recommended,582660,33663060,Posted: 19 July,all,karsus_avatar,The complete and utter lack of any information on any element of the game beyond the basics of combat is endlessly frustrating.
,Recommended,582660,32762055,Posted: 25 June,all,6ONESIX,Boob Physics 10/10Booty Physics 10/10
76561198040687547,Recommended,582660,32377611,Posted: 12 June,all,Reality,It's an interesting MMO. I highly recommend because of the detailed world and combat.
,Not Recommended,582660,34461169,Posted: 24 August,all,GrundleLobster,"This game has no class structure and a horrible combat system, one of the worst I have ever played. This is a P2W game, meaning you have a much more smooth and relaxing time playing this if you throw money at it. The skills and workers are the only thing i will praise. You can spend a 1000 hours and only get to half of the skills in game. The combat system is heavely relient on keyboard combos, not only do you need to know which moves do what, but to make it in this game you need extensive knowledge of the combos. It is overcomplicated garbage when grinding takes 12 hours to 12 days to lvl in this game after lvl 58. The end game is solely pvp, due to no class structure you wont be doing dungeons or raiding. You'll be doing stupid mini games with your guild when not in node wars. This was a terrible experience and I would love my money back."
76561198007423250,Not Recommended,582660,32521543,Posted: 17 June,all,T-bag,"Great graphics and character generationSome may enjoy the combo/combat system; personally i hated it.The tutorial seemed to drag on, and on, and on"
76561198237888298,Recommended,582660,32636093,Posted: 22 June,all,Bleeble,Iz GOOD
,Recommended,582660,32636053,Posted: 22 June,all,Scenzo Choper,"Was fun at first but got bored really easily, many features of the game got me wandering. Why ? so yeah good game but they shouln't give a hard time to the player just to be ""Original"". this game should be free, no offense but I know some free MMO who deserve to be paid more than black desert. hum* hum* TERA."
,Recommended,582660,32658511,Posted: 22 June,all,Jimmy,This game will consume your life.11/10 would grind again.
76561198038976176,Not Recommended,582660,34512608,Posted: 26 August,all,halcyondazed,"Combats fun, that's where the game stops being good unfortunately. Everything else in this game has been done before and better. I didn't get far but I watch lots of streamers in the ""end game"", which seems to be nothing but ganking undergeared players while they farm."
76561198197403426,Recommended,582660,31958916,Posted: 25 May,all,RYUU GA WAKA TEKI WO KURAU,Good.Edit 30.05 - Very good.
,Recommended,582660,32015933,Posted: 28 May,all,Puro,its so damn good.
,Recommended,582660,32056083,Posted: 29 May,all,Wrizky,"I can't stop, send help."
,Not Recommended,582660,34054941,Posted: 6 August,all,High Men Buster,"A fun fluid combat system (that is in no way put to good use for the first 30+ hours of the game) surrounded by an incredibly boring slog of an MMO.  Instead, everything you fight will die in 1-2 hits for many hours, offering no challenge or actual fun between endless FedEx quests and manually traveling from vapid NPC to NPC."
76561198085171499,Recommended,582660,31962854,Posted: 25 May,all,TaikuriLopa,Just kill everything and start fishing
,Recommended,582660,31962585,Posted: 25 May,all,Sensesei,Really love this game worth buying but beforehand this game has the most broken and broken server of all time lagging all the time.
76561198115848062,Not Recommended,582660,34513240,Posted: 26 August,all,gamerbaca,"i was very hiped to buy the game and even morr after the 17 hour install but..... it was fun at first but got old and bland, the game's combat is awsome and swift but the story was bad and bland and they put alot into grinding. that is ok but dont put all your sckill points into one place. the classes looked cool but where bad and as a gamer myself i am ok with gender blocked classes but in a game about making your own advenchure and having the players form the world it has to be realy free, the costumisation was very bland too. thi game is a pay to play arkage but it has even moor problems. archage is alot like this but it is moor well made."
,Recommended,582660,32428384,Posted: 15 June,all,Warden Flamewater,"Now this might seem pretty tough for me to write about: so why not I write about it...System / NotificationsProbably the most annoying thing to deal with in this game. You will need to hit ESC and disable practically all the notifications because they literally spam the top of your screen. Once you disable the notifications, it probably won't be as bad.Chat / Social GameArguably the dumbest part (aside from the system/notifications (see above). You want to disable it if you do not want to read bad content. Especially when you start seeing things like ""traps"" or ""alienware"" memes (they are annoying, but funny when you read it yourself).People don't seem to get it.Steam Price$10 is not half bad for this - honestly thought when I purchased the Explorer's Package when it was on sale for $25, I think I got my deal for sure.Pearl ShopI wouldn't be that surprised about this. A cash shop in a $10 game isn't too bad, considering I've seen worse cash grabs on actual Free-To-Play games. I don't fall for them.Inventory ManagementYou can't just hoard silver coins, they weigh your character down.This might be tough to explain for new players, they'll think they need to purchase an inventory slot expansion with the pearls (cash shop).Maybe a less obstructive method to this?Story/ContentThis is a very well-told story. I'm only Level 27 (8.3 hours played) as of this writing.XIGN rootkit?People who write about this are a bit dumb. I do not notice anything wrong, it kind of acts like Blizzard's ""Warden"" program installed in their app. So, treat it as such, it is not intended to wear down your PC or anything. People who say it does, well you got a problem when you reviewed this game at first glance.BOTTOM LINE: DO NOT CHEAT. I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE.OVERALLRating: 9.3 / 10.0+ Housing System+ Life Skills+ Great Story+ Leveling is fairly grindy and not fully reliant on quests (see next point)* Quests give contribution points, which give you an edge in future levels/ (neutral)/ Has graphical lag issues even with a decent PC on high settings- Needs to not have notifications spam at top for new players- Chat is not the best of mind for an open world game- Very grindy quests (if you do not like that kind of playstyle)"
,Recommended,582660,31948037,Posted: 25 May,all,Jett,"The grass/tree pop-in is annoying. Still a dope game though, this game is a steal at 6$.Also, why is there no option to upgrade to one of the bundles?"
76561198050670947,Not Recommended,582660,32378908,Posted: 12 June,all,Mister Savage,"Combat? Fun. Customization, somewhat. Leveling? Okay with the boosts ATM. Reason for the negative review? The grind. The soul. Crushing. Grind. No game can be considered ""good"" when you get a daily item quest for killing 300 enemies in an area, and have the local quests require you to kill to find items with a rare drop and a series of quests that have you killing close to another 700 mobs. Your reward? Part one of five installments to get a slightly upgraded item."
76561198039257500,Not Recommended,582660,32403828,Posted: 13 June,all,Thievin,error 112... cant even try the game out..
,Not Recommended,582660,35400672,Posted: 1 October,all,Crimson,"This game sucks, why the are you releasing an mmo with a linear quest line? Nothing intuitive here folks. Keep looking."
,Recommended,582660,32034187,Posted: 28 May,all,Darth Shintogod,"THANK YOU FOR KEEPING STEAM AND BDO SEPERATE. IT WAS THE RIGHT DECISION, WE ALL GET A FRESH START 10/10. MAKE SURE YOU GUYS KEEP IT THAT WAY!!"
,Recommended,582660,34422851,Posted: 22 August,all,Tanjana #LeetleBitteRetård,"A very good game if you like asian mmos, the low play time of me is however because It´s not my type of game"
,Not Recommended,582660,35058261,Posted: 18 September,all,Lord Osiris csgolive.com,"Not many hours put in, and for good reason. The game is a typical MMO grind with very little authenticity or ""stand out"" attitude. It was an overhype, just like many other MMO's, and definitely not worth the time or the money in my opinion, but to each their own."
76561198164113266,Recommended,582660,35015186,Posted: 16 September,all,xjason123x,"This is one of the most addicative games I have ever played, Extremely grinding towards end game and enhance system makes me want to quit life, but the accomplishment you feel when you successfull enhance your gear is amazing. This is game is a must buy for those who like rpg's and does't mind grinding for months and months."
76561198031869768,Not Recommended,582660,34112316,Posted: 8 August,all,price.bj,"If you are afflicted by a bug, even one that subtracts from cash purchases, you will wait weeks for a response. Simultaneously the game is designed around gamer addiction. Stay away."
76561198402115673,Recommended,582660,34612396,Posted: 30 August,all,bwu333,Very indepth and refreshing game. But be prepared to spend more than the purchase price
,Not Recommended,582660,34826875,Posted: 8 September,all,COTTON GIN!,"I want to love this game, but xigncode is malicious bull.I run Appguard, Comodo firewall and 360 Total, no other games have issues with this except for this game.Just today it told me that my ntdll.dll is interfering with the game and kicked me out and xigncode corrupted my wireshark install when i tried to catch a packet capture of the heartbeat it sends out.I do not recommend this game PERIOD."
,Not Recommended,582660,34538618,Posted: 27 August,all,Wulf,"Unskippable tutorials for EVERY CHARACTER YOU MAKEVery boring levelling/questsFor levelling, just faceroll your abilities to kill things, don't worry about taking damageBad AILevel solo for first 50 levels as there is no reason to group before thatForced PvP at 50Unbalanced PvPNo PvE"
76561198212404991,Not Recommended,582660,34803615,Posted: 7 September,all,Purple is a Piece of shit,♥♥♥♥♥ass game couldnt even log into a server
76561198370147764,Not Recommended,582660,35034959,Posted: 17 September,all,Rich,No Thank You
76561198086921968,Not Recommended,582660,35450358,Posted: 3 October,all,tcoombs1990,"had to download 50gb 3 times for it to install ,,game is laggy on lowest graphic setting definatly not worth it."
,Not Recommended,582660,35392156,Posted: 1 October,all,Arisa-Chan,Fun for a few hours.
76561198065034578,Not Recommended,582660,32166609,Posted: 3 June,all,quixtol2,"Im Glad I only paid $18.00 for this game, its tutorial system sucks. The non monster spawn during the countless guild wars is STUPID. Oh dont even get me going on Node linking.  2 stars out of 10 and im just being kind....."
76561198262938696,Not Recommended,582660,32190020,Posted: 4 June,all,fulton.grant12,"Ibought the game three days ago. I attempt to log in today and it tells me i need a 1280x720 resolution, I run at 1920x1080. I then restart the launch and says file is corrupted. If it prosists go refer to the game launch for file recovery. How does one do this once boughten off steam?"
76561197968144565,Not Recommended,582660,32306262,Posted: 9 June,all,batdik,RnJesus.
,Not Recommended,582660,32243877,Posted: 7 June,all,Latirra,I so wanted to like this game but between the lag on most servers(I have a nice computer so it shouldn't be an issue) and HIGH HIGH prices in the store and steep learning curve. It just wasn't the MMO for me. I just don't have time to play MMOs like I used to. I have become more of a casual player and this game is certainly not for casuals.
,Not Recommended,582660,32386434,Posted: 13 June,all,Spongebob,"Restricted Keybindings don't really allow for the idea of left-handed gamers, guess I'll go neck myself."
76561198393097023,Not Recommended,582660,32227984,Posted: 6 June,all,baby_bitch1776,"Took forever to download first off and once it finally was done downloading i finally get to play and then once i do it wont let me get back on because a message pops up saying  ""failed to init security"" Just been a giant waste of my time!"
,Not Recommended,582660,34443424,Posted: 23 August,all,Luftwaffles,"I'll start by saying this game is really fun, the combat is easily the best out of any MMORPG out there.  It's easy to sink a lot of hours into this game.  Why I can't recommend it is the current state of microtransactions and blatant lies by developers.   You WILL have to buy pets, costumes, inventory expansion, weight increase, horse flute, storage maids and character slot expansions to be competitive.   If you want to re roll a different character as your main you will have to buy more microtransactions.  That doesn't even scratch the surface of microtransactions a valuable but those are the necessary ones.  Oh and there's a thing called the value pack which is basically a subscription every month that gives your account special buffs, this is also a necessity.   The developers keep adding more and more to the cash shop while ignoring glitches and balancing issues.  It's getting ridiculous.  This game will die if devs don't pull their heads out of their♥♥♥♥♥   They are currently doing damage control by saying that you can buy certain cash items with in game silver, but due to the way the auction house in this game works its basically an RNG bid, these items very rarely get posted up and then then you have to be at the marketplace when they do and win a bid against thousands of other players going for the same item.  You likely will never win the bid even if you sit at the marketplace 24/7 making this an unreadable option.  Please stop with the pay 2 win crap!"
,Not Recommended,582660,35109585,Posted: 21 September,all,TheOtherJosh,"I desperately wish I could recommend this game, I really do.This is one of the first MMO's I've played where they've deviated from the ""hotkey combat"" that's become the norm these days, and replaced it with a skill based combat system. And damn, I enjoyed the hell out of the combat!Bu-u-u-ut, after a while, the lustre of the shiny combat mechanics start to dim down a little bit, and you start noticing the, uh, rest of the game.The first thing I noticed was the bare-boned explanation on how things worked. I had a pretty difficult time figuring out how crafting worked, since it involved gathering levels and connecting nodes and renting workshops, and hiring workers for said workshops.The game explained this to my by saying; ""See this guy? You can hire workers from him. See this things on the map? You can rent them. Mmkay, have fun now!""Second thing that bugged me was that the quests were BORING AS ALL HELL.Go here, kill 20 of X creature, and bring back 20 of X items. Buy hey, we'll mix things up a little and make it so that you may or may not get the item after every kill.And since there's usually like 15 other people trying to kill X creature in an area, you usually tend to get PK'd by territorial players if you're above the PvP threshold level.Third. I bought the Traveller's Package to get the extra stuff in it, but I failed to read that said stuff like extra inventory and bank space expires after a month. Oh and that thing you used to dye your armour? Yeah that expires too, and your armor reverts back to its original colour.Kind of my fault for not reading it all properly, but come on, it's kind of a d**k move.Fourth is the goddamn marketplace. To buy something, everyone clicks the ""Bid"" button and all your names gets chucked into a hat. If your name gets pulled out, congrats, you get to buy the item. Too bad if you're unlucky though. I spent around 30 mins trying to buy a pair of boots one time, and then I find out that manually upgrading them with your black stones was equal to burning money, and that I should have bought the fully upgraded version to begin with. And surprise, surprise, there's more people trying to buy the +15 version of said boots, so I had to settle for my poverty +5 boots instead. That's if there's anybody actually SELLING said item, that is.TD:LR- Game offers poor explanations on how to game.- Coma inducing quests- Expiring 'Package' items that really shouldn't.- Lottery marketplace & broken enchanting system.Extra notes- Character creation is amazing; you can make the best waifu ever.- Cosmetic outfits can cost up to $30 or so, which is way too expensive.- Nodes needed for crafting- Bank space isn't shared across all cities. Forgot something on the other side of the map? Enjoy the ride back, beetch.- Not really the game's fault, but high levelled groups/guilds hog good farming areas, and if you try to intrude, you better be prepared for some PvP, coz a fight is GOING to happen.Like I said at the start, I really wish that this game was better. The combat is amazingly fun and the graphics look fantastic. But everything else is either needlessly complicated or ridiculously boring.Oh and there's energy points. Like what is this, a mobile game?"
,Recommended,582660,35313610,Posted: 29 September,all,Positive Asian Roland Chang,Roland Chang enjoys this game and you can too!
,Recommended,582660,31958114,Posted: 25 May,all,Furrek,"So far I have only played few hours on Steam and 7 days trial before. What I can say? I feel like I rushed a little too much during the free trial version and missed many things. So now, with a great price for starters on Steam, I'm planning to play it again and enjoy it in my slow pace.Also, when it comes to this genre - I think Black Desert Online is doing great. No level cap is one of most important thing in MMORPG games, at least for me. I'm the type that would rather grind for levels than stuff and new games always have this annoying level cap. The classes of characters are interesting and it's fun to fight using variety of skills. Maybe there are some lags but I would be really surprised if everything worked well in beatiful game like this. It's not a single player game and there are lots of players. Some people say it's ""pay to win"" game but from what I did read it's only some bonuses to exp and other stuff, not something that would make you stronger. To be honest, I don't care much about all of this - I'm enjoying the game and I will for another XX hours... or even longer."
,Not Recommended,582660,35492393,Posted: 5 October,all,Poison Ivy,Windows 10 64-bitIntel core i7-7700AMD RX 580 4 GB16 GB KINGSTONand LAGGY ... UNRESPONSIVEand above Recommended
,Recommended,582660,35490364,Posted: 5 October,all,haziyo,Too much to do wtf this game is insane and for 12 $$$ ? You've got to be kidding me.It's too good to be true!
76561198093532014,Not Recommended,582660,35487398,Posted: 4 October,all,Xenobunny,"This game feels like a very ""unpolished mmo"". I am told the key design in this game concerning the economy managment, pvp,pay for cosmetics, and GRIND are very popular in korea. But for me and I'm sure a broad swathe of western consumers THIS design will feel unfinished, rushed, or bare due to the repeditivity and speed at which you blow through this shallow game. The art is rather ugly. I've made it to about lvl 40 and experienced grass... and rocks... and trees. The character costumes are in my opinion rather plane. Some of the purchasable cosmetics are intruiging but a majority are silly vanity items such as the ""maid costume"" or a nightwear kimono. The NPCs are glaringly shallow. The personal Story is abhorrently incomprehensible. The combat is, to be fair, interesting... in PVP. PVE consists of holding the left mouse button down and tapping the WASD keys to perform the human lawnmower dance. Servers and menu conections LOVE to break. It gets confused because your account can jump to ""almost"" any server, not the bonus servers for overflow at certain times. And due to this it will bug out if you had previously been on those servers not recognising your server choice with the connect button and eventually it will crash after a few more attempts. The interesting aspects of this game are in its macro economy management. You can attempt a fair sized trade empire if you have a lot of free time and the muscle to pvp assert your domane over the ""grinde nodes""."
76561198020670782,Recommended,582660,32103980,Posted: 1 June,all,wzzie,"game full of traps, 9/11 would recommend."
,Recommended,582660,33146315,Posted: 2 July,all,busted,its okay
76561198041059275,Recommended,582660,33273297,Posted: 5 July,all,Camuroi,Real cool
,Recommended,582660,32226522,Posted: 6 June,all,Adomic,"I rather enjoy the game, love the combat system, and even down to leveling up your str to be able to carry more in you inventory(gotta carry that back pack).The anti-hack system worried me for a little bit, but then I realized if you dont have anything to hide then you shouldnt worry, as for people complaining about it staying on your computer, its there because in the past there have been hacks where you uninstall a game, and then reinstall it over a slew of directory hacks giving you access to admin files to enable hacks to get past anti-hack systems. Its a smart system, and I support it."
76561198030093467,Recommended,582660,32232140,Posted: 6 June,all,Joelibear,"There's an issue with the cheat engine having access to your files, so technically malware can get through that and mess♥♥♥♥♥♥up. I have no idea what the probability of this happening is but in summaryI don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about thatPROS: The games a Korean MMO with the average stupid costumes and♥♥♥♥♥♥but it doesn't have a stupid system like Archeage where you have to wait ages for work points to craft. And it isn't filled with lolis like Tera, and it isn't as stupidly grindy as Mabinogi. The weapon system is pretty good, you can use any weapon so long as it fits your class archetype. The mount system is also good too, you register your mount, and you have it. No cooldowns, but there isn't a mount menu. You have to goto a stable and grab your mount, every now and then you stop at stables as your horses stamina depletes. Monsters can also attack it in the wild, so you need to pay mind to where you park it. There isn't permadeath on them thankfully and you can respawn it at a nearby stable. You can level up your mount just by riding it around, or try to capture a new higher tier mount in the wild. The mount system plays largely into the game, as there is no fast travel. You can press 't' to follow a path to an area you marked if you wanna go AFK, but the sense of traveling everywhere personally for me gives more weight to repairing my♥♥♥♥♥♥and gearing up before going out on another grindy ol' MMO adventure. The combat system is really good, pressing 1-0 isn't required as you can do combo things with your mouse and keyboard EX. SHIFT+RMB on a Wizard sends out lightning. But you still have the option to use 1-0 for skills.CONS: Trading is hella restricted, and the market is hella restricted, kind of annoying. You can only trade certain items with your friends, so buying gifts is out of the question. Furthermore you have to buy the cheapest item on the market first, which prevents your bud from putting up a really high price item and you just swapping silver for it. The restriction is really dumb in my opinion.When you hit level 50 the game spams you with this stupid♥♥♥♥♥page giving you♥♥♥♥♥♥that you can do now like. ""Have you tried fishing? What about Hunting?"" When you've already put about 20ish hours worth of time into the ♥♥♥♥ing game and none of this tutorial is actually useful now. The tutorial system as a whole is garbage, and usually stops you from doing anything until the stupid on screen♥♥♥♥♥♥stops.There are also a few minor gripes I have with the game, swimming is garbage, you can't upgrade some weapons for some reason, some weapons can only be upgraded to a certain level (15 is the max for some reason I found a chestplate that could only be upgraded to 5), and the loot tables seem to be kinda ♥♥♥♥ed and mismatched to hell. There also doesn't seem to be any emotes, maybe I haven't looked hard enough but emotes are usually nice. Social interaction as a whole in the game just kinda isn't there, there aren't raids in the game, there are instead ""Guild Quests"" which are pretty much (Go here and kill a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of stuff that you probably couldn't really do by yourself that easily). The PVP sounds pretty cool, but I haven't been able to experience it yet because you need to hit level 50. So a large part of the game that might hook people is put behind a timewall.  The game also sauces you money like crazy, so the economy is a bit confusing. The market is frequently barren of most items, but you can ""Preorder"" them so you instantly buy them as they go up on market. The lack of items on the market is a bit frustrating, but people seem to mostly be interested in upgrade stones. This in its-self isn't really a fault on the game, just a weird niche of the playerbase.Oh also the chat is constantly talking about Alienware and traps so 10/10 for the chat alone.TLDRThe game as a whole is a timesink RPG that doesn't suckle money from you. It isn't pay-to-win and is better then the majority of MMOs out right now."
,Recommended,582660,32226576,Posted: 6 June,all,odys,Best Game Ever 10/10
76561198049700400,Recommended,582660,32750153,Posted: 24 June,all,TheGhettoBadger,10/10
,Recommended,582660,32116043,Posted: 1 June,all,Failoutgay,it's good
76561198146528220,Recommended,582660,33569926,Posted: 15 July,all,TornadoTigerZzz,A MUST PLAY
,Recommended,582660,33328431,Posted: 6 July,all,RoastinMallows,"I think i have poured in enough hours to give a review of this game finally...(oh god what am I doing with my life)Firstly I have avoided MMO's solely for the reason that I would get pulled into the addictive grindloop that most MMO's have, and rightly it happened as I feared. BDO suffers from the grindfest that most MMO's have, and it gets much worse around level 50, as trying to get from 54 to level 56 to get this thing called an ""Awekening"" weapon is one of the most teeth gritting, hair-pulling grind enduring experience ever. To put it into perspective, when I played my first character, it took me 2 days to get to level 1 to 50. This is granted that I had no experience in playing this game and having no idea where ideal grind spots were. Now I wasnt enjoying the character I was playing much and decided to roll another. Now with a little more knowledge of the world this only took me 3 to 4 hours give or take to go from level 1 to 50. After reaching level 50 it has taken me 2-6 hours over the course of 2days to get to level 54. That is a massive jump in needed EXP per level now, and this is even taking advantage of grinding hour daily rewards, combat exp scrolls and even the servers that give a 100% EXP boosts. If the combat wasn't so fun it would make grinding a lot more taxing.Now onto some other subjects of the game, Playing ingame you will see alot of conversations about P2W, about 60% of them are people trolling and trying to start a debate, but this game is in no way P2W. This game gives daily login rewards, and even some of the login rewards are in the pearlshop (Pearlshop being using real money for ingame items). One thing that this game is Pay for Convienence, or pay to have a cool looking outfit. Sure the outfits give a little boost in combat exp, but its only 10%, and other things may give you faster knowledge gain (basically an ingame catalog of lore), or even a further vision range (which idk how that is useful). The main beef I have with the pearl shop is that outfits are character bound and not account bound, which in turn means if you buy an outfit, it is for that character alone. There is no transfering it if you decide to make another of the same class of character, which I say if you are pouring out $30 on an outfit for that much it should be account linked. Another thing is pets, they make things very easy as they pick up loot for you, and even have a few bonuses as well that benefit your character. What alot of people don't mention is you can get a free pet penguin if you login for 3 weeks. Sure it takes alot longer than just inputting your credit card and purchasing a pet from the pearl shop but in return you dont have to spend a dime on the game if you do not want to.A huge thing that this game suffers from is lack of information on game mechanics, more than half the time I had to either ask the community or go to google to find answers on how to do certain things, like cooking, horse breeding  and even how to sell things on the marketplace (and figuring out very late that you have to collect your money from the market place too) etc. If the community wasn't so helpful and if the internet wasn't full of very indepth guides I would be very lost. Luckily the ingame systems are fairly simple and you will feel like an idiot once you do read some of the guides or as soon as an answer comes your way (as I did on multiple occasions.).Onto the story...I will admit I was half paying attention to the intro cutscene, but so far I get a somewhat basic gist on what is going on. But from what I follow the story is all over the place and is very easy to get lost trying to follow what is going on. If you are playing this game for a story I reccomend you find a different game for story. Most of the lore must be found, and you get snippets of NPC's as you talk to them in your ""lorebook"" also known as knowledge. I do find it interesting to findout about the world this way and it does make it feel somewhat alive, but at times I have wandered around thinking ""this black spirit thing is basically making me into a murder hobo as I cause genocide of various  ingame races to get stronger..."". It left me feeling lost in this world and quickly took me out of the immersion, but I was quickly dragged back in with the various ingame activites and day to day life things you can do. Hell if you wanted to, you could solely play this game without even touching combat after the tutorial section. As soon as you get to a city called Heidel, you could live out your life as a Horse breeder, or even an alchemist, chef or fisher. The freedom of choice within this game is a huge plus.This freedom will lead you to spend alot of time on mundane tasks that will make you feel like you accomplished a huge thing. I decided to take a crack at breeding horses, and when I sniped a tier 6 horse off the market for a cheap price, got  that thing to level 30 and decided to breed it with my tier 5 horse and a tier 7 came out, it felt like I accomplished something amazing. Or the feeling when you upgrade a piece of equipment to a +15 and get it to what is known as a Pri (fancy for a +16), it feels as if you worked hard to get there. Alot of the things I have said in this paragraph may not make sense, but as I have said with guides you will understand the lingo very quickly.I could write a massive review of this game, and I have so much to say about it, but overall my opinion of this game is I really enjoy it even with some of the massive flaws...however those massive flaws are out done by all the good within the game. I personally would reccomend this game to those who want a fresh and fun world to explore who don't mind reading a few guides to become an experienced player."
76561198104252455,Recommended,582660,33917880,Posted: 30 July,all,Scarring Darker,"Quick Update - Warrior is now lvl 57 and the grind is maddeningly slow. I thought getting to 56 was bad, but from there on out it's plan ridiculous in a very bad way. Why they decided to make leveling so unfun is beyond me. It's almost telling the casual player to go to hell and die. If you work for a living and are not some kid living at home yet with a huge ammount of free time be prepared to be the same level for months at a time. Also if you die there goes almost 1% of your xp. Now that may not sound like much, but if you grind for one hour and only get 3% xp becuase you don't have any buffs for xp gain active that 1% xp loss can hurt a ton. Or when you can die you can spend 50 pearls (1k pearls = 10 dollars) on an instant revive that saves that 1% xp loss. On my current work schedule if it stays the same I should be able to be lvl up to 58 in 50 days with 1-2 hours a night dedicated to just grinding mob after mob. So very annoying in fact I almost want to give up on it becuase some idiot that does not want you in his grind spot kills you for it. Good Game right there! I would love to see a level cap in the future so people can level up their main and focus on other things instead of battling over grind spots with high levels controlling all the good areas. I just sucks so much right now to try and level. Also upgrading gear is just as annoying as I thought it would be ""a nightmare"" If this is supposed to be considered fun I'm not sure how much longer I'll be willing to play this game.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Original review -I feel like BDO has a ton of potential in certian areas, while other area's of the game are damn near flawless.Great example for potential is the Market Place. I like the setup But when your trying to buy large stacks of Enhancement Stones and it won't let you becuase you can only buy the cheapest Enhanecment stone currently on the market, That my fellow gamers is B.S. I don't care if it's the cheapest Item when there is a stack of a hundred vs 2-3 items that are being faught over by who know's how many people! LET ME BUY WHAT I WANT TO BUY! IT'S MY DAMN SILVER!!! In the words of the great Gump, That's all I got to say about that.I (as I always do) Play as a warrior, so far I'm not Loving it, but I'm not overly annoyed with it either Sort of a tempered middle ground, Would love to see some improvments to the warrior like better Crowd Control, A skill Like ground Roar that does a bit of Aoe damge but also pullls enemies towards them with every use, Of course not all enemies like ogres or giants and trolls of course would be immune, Speaking of trolls the Role Play channel are basically dead in this game. It flooded with trolls and non role players all the time. So if your hoping for that sort of engaging immersion into BDO join a dedicated Role PLaying Guild. again the role playing channel is and I say this with a heavy sigh, utter trash.Activity scores 1-100Fishing simulator   100/100Milking cows   99.982/100Exploring   101/100Trading 80/100Capturing and Breeding Horses (--/--)so you have 2 Tier 1 Horses you breed them like so (Kid friendly) T1H + T1H = T2H so now you have 1 Tier 2 Horse. So don't get attached to your mount until you reach w/e the max tier is lol.PvP (--/--)I don't PK accept that one dude who was afk on his fishing boat.... I just turned 50 (50 being the point at which after a certian quest line you can activily pvp) and I knew he was afk so I uh... Stabbed him repeatedly until he died.100/100 Won't most likely happen again.Gathering resources --Fun--If that's your kind of thing.Grinding stuff 0/100 with no pets, 100/100 With 1-4 petsFix this please. Auto loot would be very appreciated I don't want my little bird picking up  one pound coconut's and other miscellaneous items that could possibly kill it you savages! You can breed pets too.Upgrading items, Sort of cool. I miss the old grind for extreamly rare and valuable items, I miss it so much it hurts. All this kill the same boss over and over again for an item that you want is maddening, I like it when I can kill a random High lvl mob and becuase the RNG god decided to smile on me it drops the best badass weapon of the game with varrying percentages for example unique/rare items even if it was a great find but it had poor stats vs some other more fortunate jerk who found one with damn near perfect stats.  I love that style of loot system! Helps keep me grinding for that big payoff item that could drop at any moment, or the weapon of my dreams teasing me at every kill. Makes for a great competive market too :DDon't get me wrong, I'm all for this upgrading sytem the game has but after a while I can already tell I'll be bored with it. I feel the loot system could just use a little more spicey salty sweet goodness to it Instead of this Cookie Cutter Class pre set pre named gear thing Variety is the spice of life! The reason I still to this day Play diablo II and torchlight is for the epic random loot drops that you can mix and match and create and build crazy amazing things from!!!! end rant!All in all though I do apprcaite this game as it is But there is HUGE POTENTIAL in the loot system for people like me how love loot finding, I gotta get my my loot!!!Besides loot the Questing in my very honest opnion is at most times dull, I mean this game has a crap ton of quests to do and maybe 10% of them had me wanting to know what was going to happen next in the that certian line of events. Quantity is not as important to me as quality. I'd love to see some more engaging quest lines show up in the future.You may notice that my hours of game play are rather high. 10% of that is time I played ingame due to a very unquie afk system where I can go to work and my character continue to work as well, I mean if I;m working he might as well be too damnit! Love it lol.Of course now on to the cash shop, 100% not needed if you don't want it. Grind it out and buy pearls from people ( Be wary of scammers of course) and as far as Play to win aspects, there are none. More like pay for convience I think is what I've been seeing everywhere and that held true to me so far.Most of all I hope this review helped a few people who are on the fence about the game. It's worth the 10 dollars. and as you go you'll find that There is way more stuff to do that the minscule ammount I noted here."
,Recommended,582660,32356173,Posted: 11 June,all,Solo,"Would rate this game 8/10, the game is okay but needs a lot of improvements.-It just feels like a regular mmorpg and don't understand how it's 10 dollars.-Doens't have a storyline.-Takes forever to get off my horse and it's hard to control.-UI is a bit confusing and everytime you have to complete a quest you need to call the fairy out which is annoying."
,Not Recommended,582660,33308309,Posted: 6 July,all,Poppy Bubbles,"I made an account while downloading which took half a day. And that's fine. But I started the game and right away I can not log in with my newly created account. Why? You must make a NEW account from the game startup page! Yaaay!Did someone forget to program a login button? No!Too lazy to program a login button?... No!After digging in the forums on the issue, apparently it's been like this and they want it this way. And many old accounts can't log in either. Because their solution is to contact support and bother them about it while you wait another day, maybe even 3, to delete the account you JUST MADE, or made before some past update. All so you can make the NEW account all over again on the same email...Or, you can make a new email so you have even more passwords to remember. Because that's what we all want right? Except we won't remember it. And their Korean marketing can spam it with newsletters and 'deals' you will never see because you will never use that email again.잘 했어Maybe I'm just in a really bad mood with a short fuse today, but if this is any indication of how the game itself is operated then I want no part of it.Refunding everything.10/10 Would refund again.If only to dangle money in their face they will never see... Ok, Yeah definitly a bad mood. lolBut I've had less red-tape issues from my local bank. So why would I put myself through that for a game?"
76561198057859574,Recommended,582660,32009896,Posted: 27 May,all,Kyousuke-Kun♪,Good game would buy
76561198036970278,Recommended,582660,32356545,Posted: 11 June,all,Ghiam Fleming,"This is a very beautiful game. Awesome crafting system, badass combat and the best character creation that I have ever seen."
,Recommended,582660,33259908,Posted: 4 July,all,jydn,Smoke some beer man
76561198076157855,Recommended,582660,33633572,Posted: 18 July,all,VentE28OchO,hello evryone can i ask a question why i cant connect to the servers iwant to join it says when ienter in the notice......ONLY FOR NEW OR RETURNING ADVENTURER ONLY ???and i dissconnect in the gameand uhmmm when i click random server i can connect the random servers any good adivese or something to fix these or GM who made this GAME pls reply on this and FIX ..!!!!
,Recommended,582660,33650640,Posted: 19 July,all,dzh,sugoi!
,Recommended,582660,33634226,Posted: 18 July,all,Annex,Good MMO more complicated than WOW and thats a good thing here. Always something to do with great combat animations.
76561198019107211,Recommended,582660,32020929,Posted: 28 May,all,visualbob,"Beautiful game, but hardest game ever to install... NOTE:For steam users, Across the web lots of people having issues with steam client, lots of tips for getting it to run.  What worked for me was to delete the version.dat file from the black desert directory and launching from an admin account.  NOTE:Would not work from non admin account when I set as run as administrator, Only way I can get the game to run is from actual admin account.  After the incredibly negative installation process, when I got to playing the game, it is incredibly pretty, and fun.  One other thing though... NOTE:Only recommend from a hard lined ethernet connection, not WI-FI.  The drops and lag from WI-FI Connection was enough to put this to a negative review... but, if you Can get it installed, have a beefy computer, and are not using WI-FI, I Recommend this game :)"
76561197999821388,Recommended,582660,33656677,Posted: 19 July,all,Glue,"Save time in farming mats, instead you got workerss to do it. Many other reason to buy, but if you spend n this game it wroth it no matter what."
76561198213481695,Recommended,582660,33273591,Posted: 5 July,all,✔ ✰Grivando✰ ✔,godnes
76561198156047655,Not Recommended,582660,33135681,Posted: 2 July,all,Dabwa,"seems like a good game, but will NOT run along side teamspeak in a push to talk capacity. This essetially mean that it is a single player game for use when no one is around, glad I bought this on sale, but wish i hadn't purchased the travellers pack as this is now a waste of money as this game will only be playe don occassion."
,Recommended,582660,33153575,Posted: 2 July,all,✪ Mystical,#Worth
,Recommended,582660,32239850,Posted: 7 June,all,Xiwic,"// Good game very complicated which is fun if you are alone need a guild join balanos 6 and look for a guild called MidnightShadow we use discord and have a lot of fun// 8/10 Points of the game // why?+ It's not a pay to win game because if you donate and sell costume for 25.000.000 you can get that money in like an hour or so.+ Friendly community+ Beautiful graphic+ Balanced classes ""No OP""+ Easy said: A lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥to do in-game either you do quest or grind or fishing etc..+ Awesome effects and weather changes blood and be splashed on your screen aswell rain can be also disabled if dislike+ No ""MAX level""// Bad stuff- Auto path get you sometimes stuck- Market place lag without a reasion spesific times, ex: Black Stones- Market place is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ made but atlest they have one- No good guide so join a guild and get help by texting or voice chating.- Game use a lot of RAM// Recommend new players to save money untill someone tells you what to buy and upgrade and aswell join a guild!!"
76561198041464107,Recommended,582660,34059903,Posted: 6 August,all,[45AR]Capt.Ronnie,"*Black Desert Online* Best part of this game is the Character customization, you can create any your want to be. Unfortunatly the leveling was very fast and you lose a sense of achievement, whilst combat is very good this felt bland after a couple hours.My MMO Rating:  7/10Graphics: 9/10Story Line: 6/10Combat: 7/10Leveling: 5/10Map: 6/10Not Bad but not good enough to sink many hours in unless your a fan of Asian style MMO's"
76561198152204064,Recommended,582660,33563108,Posted: 15 July,all,Rowl,its aight super paid to win tho
,Recommended,582660,33649412,Posted: 19 July,all,a y o o w s,"Good game, levels change gameplay like 360, pvp system is great."
,Recommended,582660,32212284,Posted: 5 June,all,Override,"To start off; This game is worth much more than $10.I'd argue that this MMO is one of the very few you can say there's almost too much to do. From lifeskilling, grinding, playing the marketplace, crafting, etc.. You'll always have some sort of goal to attain. If you want to play this as a single player RPG, there's more content than most actual single player RPG games.This game does not hold your hand whatsoever. Black Desert is a completely different experience walking into it if you've come from ESO and WoW like I have. From gearing to making money, you won't find an MMO similar to this. You're thrown into a world, you do a tutorial, and from then, so many different paths open up to you. There isn't a certain path the game makes you follow, what you do is up to you.Character Creation is a treat, from the body in general, to hair and eyes. You can edit the tiniest of details and really make your character yours. Every bit can be changed and molded to the way you like it.Black Desert in terms of land, is massive. This is amplified by the fact there is no fast travel. You'll start off with a donkey, eventually capturing your own horse, and breeding horses to get better ones, allowing you to travel land faster. Not only can you adventure through the mainland, Black Desert has sailing, and realistically long sailing times at that. Some NPC ferrys will take almost an hour to get you to continents that have been added in previous updates.If you're a fan of player housing like me, you've found the right MMO. Black Desert pulls of player housing and executes it so well. My only bone to pick with their system is that if you dont dish out real money, you cannot purchase wallpaper and flooring for your house. Apart from that, you can buy furniture from the market, NPCs, or craft it yourself (which is easier, I almost never see furniture on the market).So, about the whole ""Pay to Win?"" debate: No, this game is not that. However, don't expect to only pay 10 dollars and nothing more. I would define Black Desert Online as Pay for Extreme Convenience. Some things you'll want to consider spending money on is pets to collect loot, Artisan's Memory for gear durability and Inventory expansions. Also, in order to look different, a costume from the Pearl shop is needed, or you could attempt to snipe one off the marketplace when it's sold, but your chances are low.  Although, some people have not spent any more than the game's price and get inventory expansions and costumes without spending real money, it's just not as simple or easy.PROS:-Massive World-Lots of Content-Play How You Want-Player Housing-Lifeskills-Great PVP (Node Wars)-Intricate Crafting System-Amazing Character Creation-Attendance & Loyalty Rewards-Screenshots have variable controls (EX: DoF control)CONS:-Pay for Convenience-Confusing for New Players-Certain items locked behind paywall-Lack of different gear models-Graphic Popping-Getting into endgame Boss PvE requires near BiS Gear"
,Recommended,582660,33259791,Posted: 4 July,all,Arturia,best online game i have been played so far for awhile
,Recommended,582660,32117463,Posted: 1 June,all,Randy-Senpai,play this! super fun and LOTS to do if you like Grinding to be the very best or just killing things with amazing combat!then get this! its super fun!
76561198132452904,Recommended,582660,34360022,Posted: 19 August,all,Star Guardian Ahri,"Best MMOJRPG ive ever played, its really setailed and indepth also a little overwhelming for starters, however once you understand the basics its purely amazing and worth it for the price.Its in no way pay to win.The map is huge and i mean gigantic.The gameplay is really polished.And all of it is just purely worth your money.also ...The character creation is AMAZING."
76561198065351048,Recommended,582660,34465762,Posted: 24 August,all,Dickubus,"Ok this game is hard to give a proper review. At first its a hard to get into, your just doing black spirt quest, but once you learn how to properly trade and start leveling your life skills, this game gets really interesting. I may had only spent 12 hours but I already know that I am going to put more hours in the coming months. I just recommend that you look at a guide or have a friend explain everything to you."
,Recommended,582660,34337195,Posted: 18 August,all,Princessjemkat,"Tons of stuff to do.. Nice graphics..The quests are slightly repetitve but overall they are pretty exciting.I do not see how it is pay to win because I have only put 16 hours into the game and already have 2 mil silver.If you want extra stuff, yes you have to pay for it.I am not worried about ""grinding"" because I am enjoying playing casually."
,Recommended,582660,34348576,Posted: 19 August,all,Yeckio,The game is a really good MMO and i really like it.But it's not a beginner friendly game.You should google a lot to understand some stuff.There is a lot of things to do in this game and you will spend so much time playing it if you enjoyed it.Even you can make money while you are AFK.
76561198059333990,Recommended,582660,34164083,Posted: 11 August,all,Pekka Siitoin,"Listing a few pros and cons as someone who hasn't yet reached the high levels.+Very addicting, sleep deprivation simulator.+Alt-friendly! I always have difficulties in choosing a class to focus on but here you benefit from each classes levels, as they count towards your family (account) stats. More levels in total = more daily log-in cash, more energy (common resource for doing stuff).+Combat is just wonderful, no matter which class you play, the grinding aspect feels enjoyable when you find the right class and style for you. I leveled 3 classes to 30 and on my 4th I really found the one for me (Kunoichi), there's just no boring moment in grinding, and the A E S T H E T I C S are on point.-Now I get that I would have dodged the bullet if I actually read the Terms of User TLDR but really, who ever did? Anyway: Check what you can name your characters and what you can't. The minus goes to trigger-happy mods throwing a 2-day ban at me for having a german title from WWII, as my character name. No warning, no nothing, just straight up ban and a ""Sorry can't do anything"" as a response for ban appeal.-When you start the game on your first character, you have a small energy pool, and you should be careful not to spend it all on talking to world chat (Chatting in world and RP channels costs energy). Follow the main questline and talk to every NPC with a grey ? in minimap to increase your energy pool. Also each character has their own independent energy to use on whatever you want.If you get offended easily, I suggest you disable at least the roleplaying channel. If you like dank memes then this is the place for you, I've never got so much enjoyment out of any world chat before."
,Recommended,582660,34296859,Posted: 16 August,all,lord quas,if u buy this game u can find me in da clib
76561198111573361,Recommended,582660,34409358,Posted: 21 August,all,PringleMan,fun game
76561198267580581,Recommended,582660,34566469,Posted: 28 August,all,Grandalf The Gay,Kinda fun but with the amount of microtransactions it should be free to play. Definately worth the $5 sale price
,Recommended,582660,34193816,Posted: 12 August,all,Rashuga,"Things you get for free:Unlimited marketplace Sale spots.Best looking MMO out there (blows tera out the water).Anti Inflation system.Change server every 15 minutes.200% xp boost every day (for every body - every day just for logging on), New players receiving 50% boosts  for free, as well as your first 30 days( up to level 56) having an ADDITIONAL 100% xp boost *you can access the best grinding spot in the game without having spent anything on the cash shop, as i have. Nobody has any more xp boosts than you even if they pay.Horses, Ships, wagons, workers who will farm or whatever for you, your own residence and furnitureA built in guide thats actually better than one of those game guides youd find in a store.Awesome unique guild system that pays every member daily (If they log in to collect it). You can do contracts that pays your guild.Guild wars. Guilds can fight for control over money making nodes and cities. (These guilds are STRONG, and often contain the strongest players in the game!)Ability to farm, mine, skin, log, cook, alchemy, hunt, fish, etc etc.And more_____________________________________________________________________I strongly believe this is the highest quallity mmo out there.Yes, its slower to grind without purchasing a pet with real money (Pets pick items off the ground for you). Though you CAN buy them off the market, youd have to be lucky, because people buy them extremely fast as theyre easily affordable (theyre cheap even with the in game currency). Personally I dont see anything wrong with this. You can still pick your loot up yourself. Its just slower.Paying players have conveniences and advance faster over non playing players but the game is not pay to win by any stretch of the word. A good comparison is guild wars 2. The game is only slightly more monetized than guild wars 2. Honestly as a non paying player (I have only paid 10$) I dont feel like im gimped by not playing. I would love some pets, but thats it.The most critical thing I can say is the existence of the ghille suits which are a cash shop item that hide your name in open world pvp (not in siege server with warfare) However, you can buy a super cheap item with a free non paid currency that prevents them from hiding name. (if theyre close to you) You can still see their character, just not the big name above their head.Also high level players need a cash shop item to reset skills. They give you two of them for free though, and each lasts a whole day once you use it.The positives FAR outweigh the negatives of this game so much. I strongly reccomend getting the game."
76561198000386600,Not Recommended,582660,34512731,Posted: 26 August,all,Naughtypaws,"Dosent pass the 10 minute test.  Unskippable tutorial. Extermemly irritating ""helper spirit"".Interface is a mess with way to much onscreen.Tip/tutorial windows in middle of screen that are unremovable.Character classes do not feel that much differnt from each other.Very Asian MMO that is more interested in looking flashy rather then having any substance.,"
,Recommended,582660,32835097,Posted: 26 June,all,Filthy Old Man,It aight
,Not Recommended,582660,32580039,Posted: 19 June,all,Punished Jack,"Combat is great and has some depth, too bad the PvE/PvP doesn't- Grindy- Lifeless AI- Trading/farming is similar to waiting for a product from the farthest depth of China that you bought off a sketchy Korean website- While there is a lot to do, none of it is really worth doing as the endgame is, well, nothing- The game isn't challenging (the dodge might as well be removed)"
76561198032420091,Recommended,582660,34335027,Posted: 18 August,all,j.krowdy,"Ill start by saying i have never been a fan of MMOs, played WoW a little bit, played ES:O even less..BDO is by far better than both of the prementioned games for a fraction of the price with no subscription. this game is easily worth a $60 price tag... makes ES:O look like my kid drew it with crayons..Pros (only mentioning the ones that set it apart)Combat- i recommend a controller, it can be set up like WoW or any other MMo... but with a controller it becomes a fighting game(the only reason i stuck with this game)Graphics- phenominal if you have the pc to push them.Navigation- this game runs around for me, its a bit rough around the edges when you get off the road, but when going place to place it works great.NO SUBSCRIPTION/PAY TO WIN- the only things i even found to purchase on the store were cosmetic, a few items to help you PvE such as XP bonus and things of this nature, nothing endgame so to speak, and all reasonably cheap.ConsThese games steal your life i recommend going fishing in real life, not on the computer. learn how to cook in the kitchen FFS!!!! I well dont say i didnt warn you!!! enjoy!To The Devs- bravo people, your making the competition look bad right now. best of the genre ive seen thus far.  thanks for the fun!"
,Recommended,582660,34339205,Posted: 18 August,all,Jebaited,"i just got this game a few days ago when i built my new pc.and this game is something else.i have never been this into a game in forever, i nonstop play it, it is one of my favourite games right now.the graphics are insane.the combat is ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous.the people are very supportive and nice :)JUST PLAY ALREADY!<3"
,Recommended,582660,33658948,Posted: 19 July,all,eags,10/10
,Not Recommended,582660,34329271,Posted: 18 August,all,Shade,"The game is good. The developers are not. The devs are so money hungry, they don't care about the players, they only care about how much each player spends. It's like the devs see people as walking dollar signs. The game says it's $10 right? Lol if you expect to pay $10 and be good at this game, give up now. I've spent $120 and I still barely have anything at all. A value pack, 2 costumes, 4 pets, and like 8 inventory slots. THAT'S IT. For about $120. Btw the costumes are class locked, so if you want to use a costume for 2 different classes, you better shell out another $30 for one. Inventory and weight don't transfer to other characters either, you'll have to spend like a $100+ for each character for weight and inventory slots.You need value packs that cost $15 a month, just so you can make money from the market. If you're not rich, I wouldn't recommend this game, If you're rich, get out your wallet and buy this game right now."
76561197991836350,Recommended,582660,32510287,Posted: 17 June,all,vänum,Best Game..You can raise your self esteem by slaughtering noobs all day :3
,Not Recommended,582660,32882568,Posted: 27 June,all,mire,"Race and gender is determined by class for some reason. I'd have been more annoyed by that, but I wasn't even able to finish creating a character, because their anti-cheat software repeatedly told me it was detecting a suspicious program and shut the game down after a couple of minutes. Seems like it has translation issues judging from the launcher, too."
,Recommended,582660,32355942,Posted: 11 June,all,MareBear,XIGNCODE3 Is not harmful to the computerThe game is great
,Recommended,582660,32169787,Posted: 4 June,all,Biff bertil,it has boob physics10/10love fishingxD
,Recommended,582660,35315271,Posted: 29 September,all,Requiem Arrow,"Probably one of the best free mmorpgs I've played in quite some time, though there is obviously a curve with gearing and everything else related to your typical Korean Grindfest game.If you enjoyed games like ArcheAge, or other games that tampered with the concept of not being a fully combat based game, this is a game to check out. Beautiful graphics and fairly unique gameplay, BDO stands out as one of the better free to play games that came out in the last few years.There isn't a lot to say otherwise.  If you know what a Korean Grindfest game is, then you're aware of what the main basis of this game is.  Straight forward, grind monsters until you have to replace your keyboard and your mouse: level 2.  Actually, in all seriousness, the game's leveling system isn't as horrible as other games until you hit about 50, then it slows, but once you hit 56 it turns into an almost ridiculous stampede of constant grinding and literally nothing else.  Sure, there's side quests and adventures you can take part in, but if your plan is to level the ♥♥♥♥ up... good luck.  I ended up on the more ""trade"" side of the game and actually find it to be much more interesting than ArcheAge's, which is a really good thing because that turned into why I was playing AA, up until my sub died out and I simply didn't feel like renewing it.This game has a sub-option, but you can honestly play the game without even thinking about it and it's still very enjoyable.If I was forced to fully rate the game, I would say a solid 7 out of 10. Good sound, graphics and gameplay, while keeping you interested by having a massive amount of other things to do.  I don't like the fact that you can't fully trade, nor can you really ensure that guild members are going to be the people who receive the things that you try and sell.  In fact, trying to sell something to someone that you actually want to sell to is mostly impossible and maybe one day they'll fix that.  The grind is annoying, but if you're the type that enjoyed Dynasty Warriors, this is totally worth taking a look at. Killing mobs is actually pretty fun and if you know enough about me (I'm not going to shamelessly promote myself) you can find me on Youtube with a couple of videos of just general grinding that I uploaded for a buddy.  Nothing special.I would say that their system for things like pets is true garbage and looting is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ without them.  If you want to have full looting benefits, be prepared to spend a considerable amount of money to do so, because the first iteration of pets that you buy simply isn't enough unless you're kind of slow moving and actually help the pets by looting yourself.Gear is just like ArcheAge.  You're going to lose♥♥♥♥♥♥ over and over.  Get ready for that disappointment.  It'll happen again and again.I think that's it."
76561198131391346,Recommended,582660,32420593,Posted: 14 June,all,Steve,too many weebs but fun game i guess
76561198125759083,Recommended,582660,34647713,Posted: 31 August,all,Sumi,"Love the game always something to do and improve yourself BUT there's a serious denial in a memory leak issue and all the servers are always crowded you cant even do anything in in heidel from hundreds of afk people causing severe fps spikes but regardless i recommend in hopes they'll actually add more servers but doubt it all the gm's are gungho in defending there lag pools only caring about selling pearls also who ever thought of savage rift criteria is a dumbass and deserves a strong pimp slap for creating terrible anger fueled arena that is a fulltime job trying to get in Just please add more steam servers that are NOT olivia growth Thanks a Mil , Yours Sincrely"
,Recommended,582660,34318698,Posted: 17 August,all,Elaborateryan,A GREAT GAME anyone who is a fan of D worriors or hack and slash games should give this a go the graphics are beautiful along with a world that feels alive the storyline is great i have only played three hours at this point but i was hooked the moment i started attacking and exploringrating 9.5/10CHECK IT OUT
76561198137883322,Recommended,582660,32730049,Posted: 24 June,all,Josip10sb,Love the game
,Recommended,582660,32057534,Posted: 30 May,all,recc,"I have to say, most of my time in this game is pressing t and r. Pretty action packed, i know."
,Recommended,582660,35040129,Posted: 17 September,all,farmerboyjon,"Never thought I wouldget into this game, but in all honesty, it's not as grindy as people say and is pretty fun"
,Recommended,582660,32005392,Posted: 27 May,all,Andrew,Best MMORG game i've played in awhile
76561198035535203,Recommended,582660,31989900,Posted: 26 May,all,Laci,"Hi,Best MMO (with awesome graphics!) so far!"
,Recommended,582660,32019543,Posted: 28 May,all,Fat Man,Great Game
,Recommended,582660,32411621,Posted: 14 June,all,<R> Ecchymosis,"TL;DRIf you are looking for a great game this is itIf you are a millennial and want all the good items and best gear yesterday go play World of WarcraftGraphics - 10Combat - 11Story - 10Sense of Achievement - 10Dear Black Desert Online Thanks you for such an amazing game. Please take these steam reviews with a grain of salt, now I have a little over 200+ hours logged on steam and many more logged off steam. I’ve seen A LOT of people complain about various things they love and hate about this game to which account I neither agree nor disagree with. I would just like to say this to my fellow BDO gamers. PLEASE stop trying to make this game like other games you've played in the past. This game is unique and bring a sense of nostalgia to us veteran MMO gamers. I often see people complain about travel and bank space and inventory space and weight limits, they want everything to be easy and given to them with little to no effort. Firstly, I will leave anyone that reads this with this comment and hopefully I inspire many of you to change you views and attitude towards gaming in general. NEVER and I mean NEVER let anyone influence the fun you are having in a game, and by this, I mean reviews and in game trolls, we have many. Try and change your own perspective in any game you place, look at both points of views, have you ever asked yourself why things exist in the game. Not everyone likes to FAST TRAVEL from point A or B. Some people like to enjoy the experience of traveling long distances, anyone that played EQ 1 knows what I’m talking about. That's just one example. I was in the same place as many people when it comes to MMOs, play one for 3 months, hop to another rinse and repeat, until I changed my attitude about games in general and remember WHY I played games like this. Secondly, I hear more often then not people quit games because its PAY 2 WIN...so how about this take that aspect of the game and use it to fuel your gameplay make that a goal. I will become as good as them or better without spending money. This in turn will give you more satisfaction in knowing that you are as good or better than people who you think are P2W, or you will just return to being the same person you have been and rage quitI know a lot of people will tell me I'm wrong and you're right, but guess what... I could give two ♥♥♥♥♥ cause I'm too busy in game having a great time while you spend 90% of your time trying to figure out reasons to not play a game. This community has become way to volatile and its quite disgusting to be frank. If you hate a game, don't play it. I am not here to tell anyone how to have fun, but be honest with yourselves for once in your life. I hope you take this as encouragement and not the opposite.So, I’m going to log back in BDO and enjoy the time the game has offered me. I know the BDO dev team is doing everything in their power to make this game better every day, and that's all I can ask for. SO, thank you for giving me the opportunity to play this wonderful game!OH, and as far as my review goes... the game is a 10/10 if you didn't pick that up after reading my long run-on sentence then I don’t know what to tell you. cheers!"
,Recommended,582660,32339207,Posted: 11 June,all,Trees ™,Trading Simulator 2k17
,Recommended,582660,34748685,Posted: 4 September,all,Supertaco,"This is overall a pretty fun game, for the first 2 hours. After that it just seems so easy. The only really cool thing about this game is the combat. Its impossible to die"
,Recommended,582660,34752137,Posted: 5 September,all,FateIsLife,Good game and its extremely addictive
76561198142498552,Recommended,582660,34753858,Posted: 5 September,all,Vikk4in,"I Really like BDO I  had a time when I couldent survive without this game. i had great fun with my friends I played day and night. This was alsow my first real mmo rpg game and I was stuck with it for a long time dont really know why i stoped playing.I think it was couse I only played with some of my friends most of my frineds dont have it so I feelt like i wasent playing with  them enught.Still i only have 50 hours at the game and I am getting the vibe that the more hours u have the less u like it couse most of the peps who are Not Recommending this gtame have more hours then the ones who has less. IKDBack to the point , I still enjoy this game gret fun with friends , graphics top notch , endless content and I hope u find this comment helpful , if not read somone else comment"
76561198396472364,Recommended,582660,34757771,Posted: 5 September,all,Kurama,"BDO offers a unique experience to mmo lovers! As a huge open world game, the amount of detail at any given place is trully incredible. After many minutes of me writing about how amazing this game is, I realized that i cannot say how I feel. BDO is a game that needs to be experienced first hand instead of from a review. So please, feel free to jump right in to this emmersive world that captivates you hours after hours!"
76561198388637987,Not Recommended,582660,34646296,Posted: 31 August,all,Galactic_tactic,HORRIBLE it's not a medevil fighting game its a political banking game in the fantisy era. the trick you into thinking it's fun but it's HORRIBLE
,Recommended,582660,32382812,Posted: 13 June,all,Saucey_Pants,meh...its not reallyh p2w...but you have to spend money to level at any type of a decent pace....but for 10 bucks you can have a good time. reminded me a lot of WoW.REFUNDED
,Recommended,582660,32382965,Posted: 13 June,all,The1whokill5,"Actual Review no BS. 9/10 steam versionThis game is good, they do alot of things well for an mmorpg.It starts your dive into the game with a intensive character customazation, being able to literally adjust anything on the body just about. MINOR complaint being limited hair options and no scars and tattoos are limited if your into that kind of thing.The graphics are absolutly gorgeous, really top notch stuff here.The combat, its well done. Its actually fun lvling up your character using the combo system instead of mashing down hotkeys to use skills, granted sometimes you have to.Steam optimzation has improved greatly, the lag has went down alot and was the main cause for me to hate on it, well the only cause.My only complaints are minor so far, no Fast travel makes it a pain to move around the map. So much to do new players just starting is somtimes overwelming but its not a bad thing,Overall if your into the MMORPG genre this one is a must pick up its addictive gameplay and endless content makes it a fun and unique experiance."
,Recommended,582660,35370526,Posted: 1 October,all,ylloH,One word: GrindathonBut fun ?
,Recommended,582660,33719946,Posted: 22 July,all,Marty,fun game
76561198125974449,Recommended,582660,32690975,Posted: 23 June,all,Eradon,if you like fantasy  mmo rpg this game is for you this game have ton of missions and items and and  you can buy cosmetics for your characters and pets  this game is worth it
76561198192183105,Recommended,582660,33869762,Posted: 28 July,all,Melodic,Very good game.
76561198056177333,Recommended,582660,31977926,Posted: 26 May,all,Penggou,Great game but avoid from buying it on steam.
,Recommended,582660,35424991,Posted: 2 October,all,GenSaw,Best MMORPG i played!
76561198065632688,Recommended,582660,34275102,Posted: 16 August,all,pic2725,The Best Game ever
76561198039131976,Recommended,582660,33906428,Posted: 30 July,all,Shay,Best thing since Skyrim.
,Recommended,582660,34448449,Posted: 23 August,all,PinkFufflyUnicorns,GIVE ME PANDA! POLAR BEAR!
,Recommended,582660,35158309,Posted: 23 September,all,heyi,nice gaem
76561198094325915,Recommended,582660,34724157,Posted: 3 September,all,ボット Bastian,Currently 19 hours in and struggling to understand how to be a fisherman in velia. Would like to talk in chat but the only thing anyone talks about are traps.
,Recommended,582660,34809025,Posted: 7 September,all,Demon Child,"Game is fun for pvp and those who enjoy a game that takes skill to play a class well would love it.  The RNG is fustrating but sooooooooo nice when something does pop.For all those who complain about getting killed at lvl 50, thats just part of the game. Get geared learn your class.For those who have complained about other players saying leave a spot after they kill you, its a general rule that if you cant hold a spot then you dont deserve it go some were else especially if its a high contested spot.Would not recomenend to players that kinda like the pve setting in wow."
,Recommended,582660,34985753,Posted: 15 September,all,YoussefTheHasagiGod,PogChamp Is all i need to say
,Recommended,582660,35059302,Posted: 18 September,all,Tea Stem,Upgrading is fun :]
76561198034464095,Recommended,582660,35341462,Posted: 30 September,all,{F[K]C} Primal,Best WTF do I do now simulator.This game has some nice graphics and interesting combat style. For $10 you can't go wrong. Definately worth the tiny price tag.
76561197965770685,Recommended,582660,35060474,Posted: 19 September,all,GoodGameGary,"For $10 it's pretty enjoyable. Just remember it's a game. The only people giving it bad reviews are the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag elitists who has this game before it hit Steam. It's probably the most new player friendly mmorpg ever. You get placed on noob servers with 100% xp buff to roll up some alts and they give you a ton of daily rewards and gifts to help you get started. Yes the gear is all RNG so sorry millennials, not everyone that plays this game gets a trophy at the end and a walking taco like you did when your mommy made you play soccer with the other useless brats born after 1984. All the character xp comes from killing mobs that are clearly mark on the in-game map for you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who can't seem to use the internet to search how-to guides and they also give you a path finder to auto guide you to wherever you need to go. So you can afk back to watching Rick and Morty or whatever dumbass cartoon you kids ♥♥♥♥ing watch these days.In short it's a fun rewarding game....to people who have actually worked a day in their lives at a real job and understand sometimes you gotta be the bottom ♥♥♥♥♥ at McDonalds."
,Recommended,582660,35240119,Posted: 27 September,all,Mango ୧༼ಠ益ಠ༽୨,5/7
,Not Recommended,582660,35248892,Posted: 27 September,all,rappel.evan,"This game has fun combat and an interesting ""life-skill"" system which lets you develop your own little resource gathering and crafting systems.  You can ""invest"" in land and in town buildings using contribution (which is gained from questing).  Land can be used in many different ways, from passive resource gain to advanced multilevel item crafting, to simple player housing.  This game does have many issues, however.  Firstly, the game was developed in such a way that you must use microtransactions if you want to be competitive whatsoever.  Without costumes or auctionhouse maids the game slows down significantly, and ♥♥♥♥♥ on your efficiency just for the sake of making the micros more appealing.  The loot system is the biggest red flag in the microtransaction department.  The loot system in this game is the same as the loot system in goddamn maplestory.  Every monsters body must be individually looted...unless you pay for the pets, which are 10 bucks each.  Each pet can only loot so often however, and even spending 10 or 20 dollars on pets wont net you a huge increase in your monster looting speed.  You have to get three pets at once, and even then you cant pick up all the loot from the monsters you kill.  The only way to make sure your pets get all the loot is to upgrade pets.  The way you upgrade pets is by fusing two pets together, and its not even guaranteed that you will get an upgrade.  Pets get up to level 4, so assuming you want maximum efficiency, you have to buy a minimum of 12 pets just to pick up items at the same rate you kill monsters.  without pets you spend literally half your time looting bodies and half your time fighting, and it reallllly hurts the grind.  Which brings me to the second problem of this game, which is the really wonky exp curve that makes the game into a super grind.  You can get to level 51 very easily, but then the exp needed to level grows exponentially, taking hundreds of hours of pure monster bashing to gain one level.  It can get to the point where 200 hours of grinding gives you less than 10% of a level.  The third major issue of this game is RNG gated gear advancement.  There is literally no skill involved in getting better gear, all of the skill in the game comes into play when you are trying to acquire the currency for RNG upgrade attempts.  A player could spend 100 billion upgrading and end up with WORSE gear then they started, while a new player with no money can get lucky and make incredible gear pieces for almost nothing.  Lastly, and this is probably the worst part of the gameplay (the micros are the worst part in general), is the sheer time requirement for many basic things.  The game has no fast travel whatsoever, so you have to ride horses EVERYWHERE.  The travel time in this game is ridiculous, 90% of your time will be spent afk riding horses to places you need to go.  Another time waster is the necessity of AFKing in this game.  If you dont leave your game on 24/7 you are losing out on HUGE amounts of wealth every day.  Your workers dont work, and you cant craft anything unless you are online.  There are also many arbitrary wait times, such as on crafting or on horse breeding.  Overall, I think this game has a lot of great systems, but the microtransactions and the ""grind"" (literal time wasting garbage) really make it feel like you cant compete without no lifing AND spending 20-30 bucks a month.  The game can also get very boring since all the different types of crafting have the same gameplay, and there are no instanced dungeons in the game whatsoever.  No raids or instances for late game;  late game amounts to grinding for cash to get better gear for grinding for cash.  This game feels like the combat of Tera combined with the life skilling grind of Runescape."
,Recommended,582660,35280731,Posted: 28 September,all,Senpai,One of the best looking MMO's Ive played to date. Ive bought this game for 5 of my friends who all enjoy playing. The combat is one of the best I've personally seen.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,582660,34723085,Posted: 3 September,all,WalliNg,"This game is a meme, and so is my life"
76561198023090695,Recommended,582660,34988277,Posted: 15 September,all,Eddie Murphy,"Black Desert Online. I've kept my eye on this from quite some time after I watched TheLazyPeon stream it. I've been trying to hunt down that mmo that'll get me sucked in like WoW did. And honestly, I think I've finally found it.This game is something very unique. While it attempts to appeal to a wide audience, it's definitely not something for everyone. The combat feels fresh, fast, and engaging. A mix of hack and slash and hotkeys, and damn is it a great combo. Another thing to point out is that it's obvious this has a Korean style art. Personally, I've never been much of a fan of that style (Tera, for example), but I'm really enjoying it! The landscape, character models, music, it's all incredible.I know I've only played for a few hours, but this game has been the best $10 I've spent in a long time. Yes their is microtransactions, but it's only for cosmetic items mainly. You gain get more inventory space, but you can unlock that through playing. All in all, BDO is fantastic and I highly recommend this especially to mmo veterans that are looking for something fresh."
,Not Recommended,582660,32185244,Posted: 4 June,all,Mallenz,"Great graphics, interesting gameplay, lots of potential.. however, boring and it lacks something. Maybe a challenge... or raids, dungeons.. I don't know.I've been playing as a wizard and it's extremely easy. I mean ... one spell and you kill everything surrounding you.Even killing bosses ... no challenge at all. I've opened my inventory and I had 88 healing potions.. never used them ... as a mage, tanking, soloing and owning. I'm not used to that. Maybe I'm getting old and this is the new era of mmorpg.Up to know, lv 20 (~7 hours for me), I would not recommend it. It has great potential though."
,Recommended,582660,34543229,Posted: 27 August,all,Dreavey | Oppai( • )( • ),fun game
76561198006654681,Recommended,582660,34613738,Posted: 30 August,all,evilaciduk,"You can have fun for a while, lvling characters and exploring the world. No real PVE endgame like raids, dungeons, it is a big grindfest to get the high lvl gear, this is basically the pve endgame. I can't really comment on PVP as I do it only occasionally.Graphics are fantastic, combat system is very nice and the moves are cool. Although it is a grinder, mob spawn is reagulary so no queing for this one mob/boss. Bossfights go via summoning scroll so noone can ""killsteal"" a boss. I enjoy the game and with a nice guild you can have a very good time. Just prepare for a grind!"
76561198052413245,Recommended,582660,35378819,Posted: 1 October,all,Caulyflower,"I play it when I feel like... its combat is awesome, but read others reviews, you get the picture of, how grindy it is. BUT, if you can play a game the way you like, without trying to compede at the top, for 10 bucks (or on sale 6), it gives you a lot to do and sink in. Watch tutorials on youtube and you can enjoy the games mechanics the way you want. I played a lot, but now just when I feel like.Again, just try enjoing the game for what it is. (I completely agree on the negative reviews, but I dont regret the 10 bucks for having an awesome experience, with a guild and discovering all that unique stuff, other games don't have.)"
,Recommended,582660,32302073,Posted: 9 June,all,Icelty,"The beest game I have played in 2017, I actually bought the standard version before steam version and had no issues with their anti-piracy software. Great game, and on steam is where the best boosts are happening reason why I jump on it right away."
76561198021196621,Recommended,582660,32352859,Posted: 11 June,all,Kazjin,I want to start by saying i've really enjoyed my time in black desert. I only played 7$ for it I would say its a steal. Combat is very fun hack and slash combos with the odd hotbar button fast fluid. servers can be a bit laggy but that could be due to the extra overlaod from steam who knows.those who are owrrying about p2w in my experience the only 2 items that you would purchase if you were going to spend money would be weight limit increase and a pet. apart from that a cheap game which im going to get alot of fun out of.I wouldn't play if you don't like grinding though.
76561198142116771,Not Recommended,582660,32270207,Posted: 8 June,all,SoulDOS,I am a bit sad. the game is fine yes but the reveiws really REALLY put off anyhting for it as does the Xingcode problem.but i am mostly saddened that this isent what i was looking for in a mmo i never really liked the genre but i always wanted to get into it and i decided to start here. did. not. work. very very lonely. i still like the game its not bad. but depending on what your looking for this game just isent it
76561198009940924,Not Recommended,582660,32261530,Posted: 7 June,all,Miko,"when  i  play this game  after maintenance , i got tons of crash every 5-10 mins.  i try to clean and reinstall the game , it didnt help ."
76561198003403850,Recommended,582660,32184247,Posted: 4 June,all,BeepBeep,I rate this game a 7/8
76561198133516657,Recommended,582660,32087163,Posted: 31 May,all,Kaden,this game is great!
76561198084078374,Not Recommended,582660,32919136,Posted: 28 June,all,krismendel,"Tried the free trial version and I lost connection to the server every time i tried to play right after character creation. Bought the game on Steam, hoping things would be better, went through the character creation process, and lost connection to the overly crowded ervers every time I tried to play. At this point, it seems like more effort than its worth."
,Not Recommended,582660,35486842,Posted: 4 October,all,NiRoZ,"I will write a review for this game, simply because I've seen a lot of negative ones lately.This game is not perfect - no game is perfect or will ever be, ""everyone's cup of tea."" Cuz, you know, peoples like all kinds of tea.The main issues I see complaints about:RNG -I have mixed emotions here. When I'm attempting to upgrade gear and it fails... repeatedly smashing me back down to a lower tier and I run out of materials and then have to wait for another week of gathering/grinding or pay out the nose to try again - I HATES IT.However... one of the things that BDO has done very well, IMO, is looked at what were problems in other games and tried to find solutions to them. For example, for most MMO's when new content is released your previous gear that you worked so hard to acquire becomes quickly obsolete. There is a PLETHORA of random gear in most games for every class. I'm not a coder, and won't even pretend to think I know anything, but to me it seems like that would create more work/require more memory in some way.In this game your gear can be used by any of your other toons, which is nice. So the original gear I leveled my toon in can be passed on to an alt once I replace pieces, or sold. Additionally, all of those ""extra"" drops that would ordinarily be used to DE for chanting mats are now used here to repair instead - I don't see an issue with the logic in that, it keeps the drops relavent.PTW -What can I buy to win - and how much does it cost? Can someone show me this item, are there hidden stats I'm unaware of on something? I paid 5 dollars for this game, and I'm clearly spending a lot of time playing it. So yes, I am OK with spending money to support the thing thats providing me with hours of entertainment. You can pay for convienence, I'll give you that. Honestly, if you're enjoying the game paying for items really shouldn't bum you out. If you're broke, that sucks and I'm sorry, but would you go to an arcade, a bowling alley, mini golf, whatever, and say, ""You mean I have to pay to play this game?""Actually, no heres a better one - lets say Universal opened up their doors, for $9.99 and then sold a fast pass for the lines for $X, you gonna complain? I mean your ticket was only 10 bucks, you're in the park, you just gotta wait in the line dude. Its the same thing.The Grind -Whats the rush? One of the biggest issues I've had in other games I've played is once I hit max level I get bored. I don't think I'm alone in this - so can you blame them for saying woah there, lets hit the brakes a little and work for this. I mean it all depends on what's important to you, where your priorities lie. You can easily get 56 in a day on a weekend, and that makes sense because at 56 the class changes significantly - so why would you want to spend days/weeks to get to that awakening and then discover you no longer like the class?I mean if that were the case then yes, much aggro, but its not.If you want to get to max level then you should spend all of your time dedicated to getting there, it won't take all that crazy long to get to 60. I did 56-57 in a caffiene fueled 24 hours of mahem at Bashims. I didn't even pay all that much attention to it and got to 58 a bit at a time a couple weeks later.I'm no longer leveling my toon because I want to spend some time doing other things. Like killing bosses so I can try to get out of Heves, lul. And increasing energy - you want to talk about some annoyance OMG that amity game... klsbdkfkjfsdkbn And also because yes, to just ""grind"" would be no fun. But guess what, theres a ton of other stuff to do! It all depends on where your priorities are.I played the first month of this game doing nothing but horses. It appealed to me, so now I have a t8 courser with 156% speed. Did I spend some money on mount skill change coupons, yeppers, did I get really frakken annoyed when I spent too much money because I didn't understand how they worked, oh hells yeah. But I mean, honestly, research... I shoulda known better. So when I got my second and my 3rd t8 courser I spent probably 15 bucks each to get there. And I'm OK with that, cuz I had fun doing it. And before you scream PTW! I will also mention that the fastest t7 I have, that I didn't spend a dime on, is 151% speed. So, no. But awakened horses, yes you do need one of them for that. But remember it will also still take a ♥♥♥♥♥on of time to gather resources to pray for a 1% chance of getting, so again priorities - imma get my hellhorse dagnabit.PVP -You don't wanna pvp don't go to pvp locations. The good loots is where the pvp happens. Go to less popular grind spots, don't be bothered and get your levels if thats what you want to do. I did not say to myself, hmmm, I wanna level in a day/night and make all teh fat loots so imma go to pirates. Hah, cuz you know whats at that location. If pvp ain't fun for you, don't go to pvp locations. Or don't insist on holding the best rotation, or switch channels.Or quit the game cuz maybe you'd prefer some sleepy time chamomile tea, and thats just fine too."
,Recommended,582660,33131897,Posted: 2 July,all,thespartangamer,It is bloody raw
,Recommended,582660,32973963,Posted: 28 June,all,2k,"You will get overwhelmed, hell I still have no idea what I'm doing. But the combat. THE COMBAT! The combat is the biggest pro for this game. With over 11 classes, it's not like WoW or LoL, with click and done combat. You must dodge and time attacks correctly. plus if you don't want to use key bindings for your special abilities EVERY ability has a key board combo (eg wizard teleport is sprint+jump). Rest of the game is ok I guess."
76561198092250656,Recommended,582660,33030675,Posted: 30 June,all,SilentxWolf,I LOVE IT
,Recommended,582660,33053660,Posted: 30 June,all,TheDragonFruite,prety good
,Recommended,582660,33012471,Posted: 29 June,all,All Might,Best property management/Donald Trump simulator on steam. You can buy ALL the houses.10/10
,Recommended,582660,33093077,Posted: 1 July,all,Señor Brownies,This game has a very unique combat and movement system that is unlike anything I have seen in an mmo before. Recommended 8/8
76561198371365267,Recommended,582660,33096642,Posted: 1 July,all,Hako☯,dank as hell
,Recommended,582660,33094050,Posted: 1 July,all,vellarus,can play as a ditzy anime girl 10/10
,Recommended,582660,32614685,Posted: 21 June,all,Corvo,Deez Graphiiiics too awesum
,Recommended,582660,33342591,Posted: 7 July,all,I 5rFoX I,good so far
,Recommended,582660,33379325,Posted: 8 July,all,Kazuto Kirigaya,alright soFor 10$ its alrightif its on sale its greatits not the best paid mmoneeds more performance fixes and bug fixesbesides thatits a decent game
,Recommended,582660,33416839,Posted: 9 July,all,Shōyō,"1st day i hated this game. You need punch your way through the  load of information it will be a mess yes!2nd day i didn't want to play but my friend persuaded me to come online.3rd day i was chopping wood and doing some quests. Checking out towns and discover the world.I chilled around a week just doing cooking, gathering few levels and some quests. I needed to change my mindset a bit to truly enjoy what this game offers.Don't just bash through all the content sometimes enjoy the view and discover new things by traveling.This game is a grind and yes you will grind until you die  IF you want to be the strongest in PvP.If you want to be at the top of the list you need to grasp that it will be impossible if you are not taking everything else aside and only play this game for the next year.Don't even try that if you have an normal life with responsibilities that just won't work.-It is an awsome game and you can play it in many ways. Try them all and find your way to play the game.Awsome game."
76561197974485808,Recommended,582660,33403089,Posted: 9 July,all,Baou,"The world is gigantic, and there are so many things to do in-game. Combat is spectacular, and there are so many ways in which your character can progress."
,Recommended,582660,33407712,Posted: 9 July,all,Kröm-Evie,"I saw the potential to make hot and cute girls in a robust character creator. Well, that was true.The game is extremely fun and easy in the beginning but becomes more challenging the more you go through the game (Unless you grind). The community isn't as social as other kinds of MMORPG's that I have been a part of.It bothers me that navigation is automatic and doesn't encourage world learning. You just click a menu option or quest and it just takes you there. I also have heard nothin of a desert."
76561198066412176,Not Recommended,582660,33136608,Posted: 2 July,all,超高校級の死神,"The game it self is just amazing, plain amazing. It has one of the best graphics, smooth gameplay that can beat most of action games, interesting life systems. It is as if you always have something to do. As for now I have not seen a single gold seller or hacker,  this is due to the game economic system, I guess it's good and bad.I really love this game, but i just can recommoned it after hours of play. Well it is nearly impossible for new players to catch up with old players, it's just basically impossible.Some people say that the game is P2W, no it's not P2W, but if you are not paying you are not gonna have much fun playing lol."
76561198134084776,Not Recommended,582660,33299304,Posted: 5 July,all,Coconut Head,"The game wouldn't launch on Steam so I have to use some weird third party stuff, I never have a good connection, even though my internet is perfect, the gameplay is tedious and boring, it overcomplicates everything, has too many systems that it never explains... I could go on for a while. It's like the developers weren't actually thinking about good game design when they made this."
76561198117476494,Recommended,582660,33340323,Posted: 7 July,all,MrSmoke,I is so excited i already has a semi-lob on!
,Recommended,582660,33503719,Posted: 13 July,all,f2.,"Black Desert Online (B.D.O)This game Black Desert Online offers alot for only $9.99,There is no PAY2WIN, the only thing you use IRL money for are cosmetics, which I admit I shelled out the money to make my characters mine.You can also make multiple characters, this allows for multiple different play styles throughout the game which allows it to suit everyones needs which is GREAT! However there is a limited amount of characters you can have, but never fear you can delete characters.- You can AFK in this game, which allows for farming while sleep :)- No fast travel! However you can AUTO run- Weight system (allows limited carry weight b4 character becomes slow) but you can lvl this up.- Random rare drops- Leveling system- Skill tree system (different for all character types and able to unlock skills as you lvl up)This game is by far one of the best mmo's for the price range with how much you can do before even buying anything else. The map is also MASSIVE (in my 65hrs haven't even unlocked all the map) so you can sail accross the lands and go trading, sending your workers back and fourth to islands making money for you etc.I rate this game a solid 8.5/10 would buy."
,Recommended,582660,33497929,Posted: 13 July,all,Cloud9 PhoKings csgolive.com,i love it i cant stop 24/7 me baby oh ya
,Recommended,582660,32900306,Posted: 27 June,all,BettyS,Bad game. Buy it.
,Recommended,582660,33546166,Posted: 14 July,all,ComplexElixir,"I had never had this much fun with an MMORPG! I like to compare it with Guild Wars 2 but in a lot of cases, you can't... For instance, you can ride horses and donkeys and apparently elephants, you can even control ships! This game has it all, I would defiantly recommend if you're looking to play an MMO of some sort."
76561198053759905,Recommended,582660,33546370,Posted: 14 July,all,Agony911,"Super fun game!  Tons of replay value, multiple classes with all having their own play style.  They should start the UI with a lot less junk and it wouldn't be so hard to adapt to the game at the beginning, other than that very solid and lots of fun."
,Recommended,582660,33539578,Posted: 14 July,all,Marx,"please make your mmo less lonely, other than that... eh."
76561198283944196,Recommended,582660,33546367,Posted: 14 July,all,Bahamutt,"Im only lvl 28 currently but this game has been amazing so far, with the fishing, all the way to even making gathering interesting for trading and currency. Also the dailies make it to where you can level up easier. Im a striker right now and I would say that it or ninja have to be the best dps ive seen so far! Add me if you wanna join up or just need a friend!"
76561198170726422,Recommended,582660,32100410,Posted: 31 May,all,🔥 Kaido 🔥,I know i just got the game but i really like it so far and it seems interesting
76561198000631364,Recommended,582660,32115800,Posted: 1 June,all,SteelLink HighBlade,this game its reminds me of others mmos that i played  its a great game with good combat but it took forever to download
,Recommended,582660,32116470,Posted: 1 June,all,ViLe,"Early Impressions - the game is amazing with combat. The quests aren't so bad but you don't feel bound to anything and can roam.Its a single player game with multiplayer features - basically you don't feel the need to group up until a certain point but even then you do everything yourself.I recommend taking on the $10 purchase if you are curious, it is quite fun."
76561198015505422,Recommended,582660,32406840,Posted: 14 June,all,Perfectionist,Kewl game 9/10 i love the fishing<>< <>< <>< <>< <>< <>< <>< <>< <>< <><      <><          <><             <><<><   <><     <><     <><      <><         <><<><  <><        <><        <><                  <><            <><<><            <><<><            <><                                      <><       <><         <><         <><
76561198392375400,Recommended,582660,32720160,Posted: 24 June,all,luuuuucid,very enjoyable and it's fun :D
76561198349849225,Recommended,582660,32710913,Posted: 23 June,all,las_cn,Best game i played in years.
,Recommended,582660,32135195,Posted: 2 June,all,DeBigKai,im a total noob at BDO but still enjoy it
,Not Recommended,582660,32580550,Posted: 19 June,all,Gyohdon,don't play it. it's not good
,Recommended,582660,32258518,Posted: 7 June,all,grimcam,just noticed i had 61 hours
,Recommended,582660,32829346,Posted: 26 June,all,Hannibal Buress,"Hey, check out these teeth!"
,Recommended,582660,32189343,Posted: 4 June,all,Wyvern,is good game
76561198073757734,Recommended,582660,32236640,Posted: 7 June,all,Killsceamguy,"Ignore all these reveiws rookit doesnt really do enything other then look into your pc and its for anticheat purposes unless you got something to hide who cares they wont touch enything and are just making sure peaople love there game experiance, I recommend this game fully and will continue playing regardless fo all the rookit ranting."
,Recommended,582660,32258673,Posted: 7 June,all,Koot,"For a 10-year WoW vet, this is the perfect next step."
,Recommended,582660,32231862,Posted: 6 June,all,Paradise,"Never knew I could get back into MMOs again. It's been probably over a decade since I last enjoyed an MMO, and this is the only one that's actually kept me entertained recently.Still quite skeptical of that XIGNCODE thing, although, will probably continue playing since I'm having a blast."
76561198143018562,Recommended,582660,32088807,Posted: 31 May,all,irishcalypso,i dont play mmo's...eso terra wow...all can suck my big toe...however this game...this game is fun
76561198312266239,Recommended,582660,32186675,Posted: 4 June,all,pauljr4411,"So worth it, great buy!!!!!"
,Recommended,582660,32089721,Posted: 31 May,all,TicTec9,"Purchased this for 5 dollars during a sale on a whim... Glad I did. Let me first start by saying im not a hardcore MMO player, ive played different expansions of wow, anarchy online, final fantasy, warhammer online, and guild wars 2.... this game is probably the most in depth out of all of them which in some way hurt the experience (more on this later...) however the depth is something that gives to each persons niche, as an example things you can do: Cook, Fish, Gather, Mine, Butcher, Skin, Build, Trade, Create Workers, House workers, Feed workers, own a ship??? and possibly more from the little ive played.Charachter customization is also really detailed, with the ability to download and use community creations. Since Im only level 20 on a couple champs I will write back more later on end game / pvp but for now I must say the combat is really fun it almost feels like a third person beat em up (when playing striker)Now for the bads:Its huge, so huge that getting around takes forever. I find myself setting a waypoint - pushing t to auto run there and then alt tabing out or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting in server chat. Some might like the lack of fast travels or return homes but I would much rather take fast travel or some sort of flight over this.There is too much♥♥♥♥♥♥to do - I seriously sometimes feel overwhelemd with the massive size of the game and the amount of loot that drops. Im not sure what to sell or what to keep and how to use it (in game guides arent engaging if they even exist)Game kinda runs sluggish on my rig. Maybe its my video card but I was hopping it would run a little prettier but I can still get 60fps at 1080 with the right settings...all in all the good outweigh the bad and if you can get it cheap, do it!"
76561198107562350,Recommended,582660,32684284,Posted: 23 June,all,jjonnyruck,Picked this game up for $6 fun so fan and lots to do
,Recommended,582660,32911183,Posted: 27 June,all,υℓтяα⁸⁵,dank
76561198076399220,Not Recommended,582660,32305737,Posted: 9 June,all,Patrick,"So I am editing my review because of what was recently posted about the Xing anti-cheat software.I'm sorry but the mentality of ''Unless you hack, you have nothing to worry about'' is pure crap. I have never hacked, cheated, etc in an MMO. It would make the game boring as hell.Here are the issues with this:1) They do not tell you that it's being installed. Why not if it's so great and innocent?2) It's not removed when you remove the game. Why not?3) They expect me to disable my security to play their game? I think not!4) The error that many get from the Xincode isn't listed in the list of solutions because it's basically the ''your security is stopping us from making Xincode work'' error. Only solution: turn it off or make exceptions.5) Even if I trust you and allow the software to do whatever it wants, what happens when it's whitelisted for my PC and someone hacks you? They have a nice opening into my world through your software.I want my money back!   My 4.3 hours of ''playtime'' were me trying to get the game to work and stop crashing once I got to char select.  I never played the game.  And yes, I hear it's absolutely amazing as a game itself.  Too bad I won't get to see that.  Enjoy my money."
76561198048294194,Recommended,582660,32620004,Posted: 21 June,all,Just 1 Percent,Here is my low effort review.Pretty fun :)
76561198272128199,Recommended,582660,32484081,Posted: 16 June,all,Kiall,"People have a problem with connecting to servers, including me.I couldn't connect to any server, as I was booted to the main menu with a pop-up saying ""Lost connection to server"", or something like that, can't remember exactly what it said.However, I simply unistalled the game, redownloaded it, and boom, it works.Great game."
76561198039354877,Recommended,582660,32487514,Posted: 16 June,all,Mr Snuggins,"Not played it too much, seems ok."
,Recommended,582660,32552360,Posted: 18 June,all,Twitch.tv/Drbluesome,Not for the weak (Non tab target) No WoW combat no WOW smell or taste guys buy it it's not WoW
76561198149467943,Recommended,582660,32606847,Posted: 20 June,all,Oh no! Here comes common sense!,"If you enjoy pretending you're a demon possesed lunatic with the power of all the greek gods, you'll love playing this game."
76561198045230503,Recommended,582660,32615246,Posted: 21 June,all,Knuckles,"The combat is enjoyable and the world feels alive. I think my characters look cool, especially when they're crushing enemies under their boots. Oh yeah, my girlfriend enjoys the game as well, which is a huge plus."
,Recommended,582660,32614282,Posted: 21 June,all,TheCrimsonSpark,"So far, i can honestly say the world feels deep. But it feels as though you wont know the half of it. As it stands I am level 35, and progressing through the main quest, and I have yet to touch the bosses, hunting, and crafting of this game. Yes its grindy and feels very RNG based, but its a time sink, and a fun one at that, as you have one of the most enjoyable combat systems around, with Guild vs Guild content, territory disputes, and Ganking, you have plenty of PvP to do outside of the PvE grind to a Soft cap of 56. I hope you will hop in and play, after all, 72 hrs so far, for 10$ is pretty good."
,Recommended,582660,32613943,Posted: 21 June,all,Doctor Nick,"After sinking about every waking, sleeping and eating hour into this game for the past week, I guess I'll give ya'll a review.Now, lemme start off with saying that this game is not perfect. It's cheat-protection is a brutal scanner that will classify many harmless programs as cheats. At least that's what I've been told, never had any issues myself...Anyway, moving on. There are some more minor things, like an exploit using the system clock or the automatic wayfinding not working 100%, but I guess it's still the best I've seen so far.Now for the more positive things: The character-creation is pretty good, as long as you don't mind some asian influences, which is to be expected in a korean game. The combat is fluid and directly controlled, not the ""right click the enemy and wait"" style.It's hard for me to describe the mass of things this game has to offer, so I recommend you just buy it yourself, if you have the 10€ to spare. You'll get the 10 hours out it with ease."
76561198298427448,Recommended,582660,32588262,Posted: 20 June,all,cookeie162,Amazing!! And only $10
,Recommended,582660,32140163,Posted: 2 June,all,white-fang,I think I really like this game. Some things are really good and some could be better...however it´s a friendly game for all who have less time to play such games. You can level while you´re afk....things like strength...or health for instance ... or the level of your horses or you keep on fishing while you´re sleeping . That´s something which is new and I don´t know another game whre you can level this way.THUMPS UP for this.The Quests are interesting and the storyline as well. Some things are really tricky to handle and you have to learn a lot. Crafting is a huge point in this game.  I like it how I have to try and find out which things will fit together to get something new.Get friends with some NPC´s and lern what you´ll get. Wave at them....talk to them and so on. Another thing I really like.Ok Inventory is a thing that will drive you crazy from the beginning :D. You have to care about the weight and the slots you have. You can add more with the help of the shop or out of some quests. However you can´t have more than 192 slots in your inventory ..... I know I´ll need more :D ...Just collect everything :DA Hint at last: Don´t park your horse in the middle of the fight....it might get lost ....´cause it will probably die ;)XXX Midi
,Recommended,582660,32546956,Posted: 18 June,all,ネクロ・エンティッテ,I really like the graphics of this game and the design. It is not a game that is too difficult to learn at the beginning and I think the storyline is really interesting. If you like playing Blade & Soul then this game is actually pretty similar. I would definitely recommend it to people who like a game with fast-paced action and an intriguing story.
76561198091760619,Recommended,582660,32537428,Posted: 18 June,all,Pool Party Ahri,Bought it originally fotr its scenery didnt know it was going to be a down right amazing MMO RPG been looking for a good one for a while really love it
,Recommended,582660,31998005,Posted: 27 May,all,Reinhardt,Ultimate AFKing game
,Recommended,582660,33764006,Posted: 24 July,all,Jesus Saurus Rex,Good game fun combat unique feel too gameplay lot funner then world of warcraft and many other mmorpgs.
,Recommended,582660,32560934,Posted: 19 June,all,zero dark thirty until may 2018,"Many of the reviews I've seen from people who purchased this game seemed to have only played 2 hours past the tutorial and gone off to say that the game is too complex. Yes, the game will require you to watch an hour or two of youtube videos for background research as to how to earn in game currency and if you don't have the patience to do so, you will most likely struggle down the road.The combat is very smooth and combos are satisfying to perform. It utilizes players to play defense instead of prioritizing on hack and slash gameplay (in higher levels). Grinding from 1-53 is a breeze but a few levels after, the game really begins to start becoming a real challenge to keep up with gearing as well as the open world PvP after level 50. This process from 1-53~ is the tutorial to set you up for the real combat system at level 56, and it seems that most people who are giving this game poor reviews, have yet to even reach that point of the game.Earning money in the game can be done in many ways, but again many of the negative reviewers seem to believe that the quickest way to obtain currency is to p2w. A few things to acknowledge is that the marketplace/auction house only allows players to place 5 real money items a week, they sell for 25 mill and cost around ~$30. If anything, this game is pay2lose if you're willing to play $100 a week to earn 125 mill of ingame currency that can be obtained in a week by grinding or setting up a node empire.The game follows non-linear progression and allows all players to play whichever way they please. Do you have a life outside of BDO and can't find the time to play the game? Well, set up workers to obtain materials to craft and sell to the market for currency. This system allows players to earn currency actively and AFK, it is complex initially but once you play for more than 100 hours, and start researching as to how to min/max your workers' progression, the effort you put in becomes very rewarding.Overall 8/10-Fix lags on weekends-Upgrading gear can be frustrating at times"
76561197968731843,Recommended,582660,33772438,Posted: 24 July,all,pcG James,This is the first MMORPG I've ever played and I'm totally sucked in by it.  Have already spent over 100 hours in game and all that for less than £10.  I've never come across a game that's a deep as this.  Just give yourself plenty of time to get into it as at first it all seems a little daunting...
76561198324176341,Recommended,582660,33596662,Posted: 16 July,all,CORGIS ARE LIFE,overall good game. i mean its a open world mmo. its good 4 wha it costs. 9.99 for it is a great deal.  i jus got it yesterday and im already almos level 20 out of 56 i think not sure. its good overall 7.5/10
,Recommended,582660,33608020,Posted: 17 July,all,Atoli,"This game is great and immersive. The profession system is pretty immersive and by that I mean it requires more work, as an example to make a fried fish dish you need to catch the fish via the fishing skill and then gather up something like corn, wheat, or potatos and then make flour and then you can buy the rest from a merchant. I personally enjoy a profession system that requires more thought like this. There are a lot of online resources for the professions as well. I will warn you though that if you want to go level 50 and up you have to do a quest and from there on out if you enter a combat zone pvp will be enabled but if someone kills you they lose karma points which affects different parts of the game.You can work on quests for xp and work on professions for xp. There is a lot of different things you can do and different routes to leveling up. The only real negative for me is builing up the strength stat that will allow you to carry more weight is that you have to get a pack of stuff from a trade manager and carry it around and then as you walk around you will slowly grow the stat, the only plus side is that you can setup a loop that you can go afk and then just have your character walk over and over but from what I understand it takes around 50 to 55 hours to max out the stat."
,Recommended,582660,33618660,Posted: 17 July,all,R3DW1RE,"Wow, So let me start by saying this is my first review on steam. This game is phenomenal  and the amount of things you can do are beyond any mmo's out today. The grind doesn't even start till level 55, which makes this game feel so fluid and un-forced. Most games you have your bearings and fully understand the game after 20 hours or so...Not this game. BDO keeps you interested and excited to get back on everyday. There's not a thing in this game you can do that doesn't reward you somehow. However the game has a bit of a learning curve on it when it comes to all the professions and nodes but it's so intruiging you have no interest in getting off anytime soon until you fully understand it. Most addictive MMO in a long time.best played with friends and Guildies!"
76561198120825440,Recommended,582660,33639487,Posted: 18 July,all,[ZSU] Jonesyy,"This game is so worth the ridiculously low amount of money it is going for at the moment, I dont have the hours to prove that but I have played it before Steam.I will write a more detailed review on this game at a later stage, but for now go ahead and purchase it if you are into MMORPG'S.(Best on steam by a long shot)."
,Recommended,582660,33645469,Posted: 18 July,all,YouPawze,Huge open world
76561198043159516,Recommended,582660,33647923,Posted: 19 July,all,Lou Dollar,This game is well worth it for the price. Looks amazing and the world is massive; endless content. Got hooked on the game asap. Just look up youtube guides like I did to grasp how to play quick. This game is stunning!
76561198046890528,Recommended,582660,33658066,Posted: 19 July,all,Danny Devito,"Awesome game- not for the faint for heart. There is a lot to learn and absorb- get a good computer and start exploring.For those wondering about whether or not this is P2W I find that it is not. The buyable items are quality of life enhancers but minimally effect the experience. It will take even very dedicated players many months- maybe a year- to reach true endgame in terms of gear and wealth (let alone level). This is true no matter how much you spend.The game is too graphically demanding to be played on a low end computer well, and too demanding (time/ commitment/ steep learning curve-wise) to appeal to very casual MMO fans. But if you can get past a week or two of being totally overwhelmed by this games complexity and depth- you will probably find it pretty darn fantastic."
,Recommended,582660,33702283,Posted: 21 July,all,Noose,ITS fun
,Recommended,582660,33703555,Posted: 21 July,all,hamnrolls,"I was definitely surprised when starting to buy this game. I achieved level 20 in just a few hours but i definitely took my time. The games controls and combos are fantastic, unlike every pc mmorpg where you have to just press 1 button to do a attack or spell or whatever it is, in BDO you have to do combos with your keyboard and mouse to actually do an attack and its not complicated at all and makes the game itself more immersive!A lot of people play the game and make it so much fun, being able to trade with the community, ask questions whenever you need too, and even partner up with random people is an easy thing to do.This game is a lot of fun, but i only have one concern..They have an option to turn of marketplace and conquest and guild notifications and when you turn them off they don't turn off. and it's quite annoying honestly, I searched for hours online and it's a lost cause right now until they fix it (which they didn't in their most recent patch).Other than that, I would recommend this game to any of my friends.ps: The game is $10 and you dont have to buy any extra stuff with RLC. Everything you need is obtainable in game."
,Recommended,582660,32021474,Posted: 28 May,all,surfq,"I recommend this game expecialy for the current price. However, this MMO comes with quite a high learning curve because of the many machanics and systems in place."
76561198172269615,Recommended,582660,32211635,Posted: 5 June,all,LeftClicker,!ONGOING REVIEW!So i will have to admit that I have struggled to find a game that can actually grasp my short attention span.... This is that game.  I will say that the only thing ... literally the only problem I have with this game is that Im not getting my steam achievments through this game but... other than that.... IT IS AMAZING...Graphics: 5 out of 5Story: 5 out of 5Interface: 5 out of 5Optimization: 4 out of 5 ( a large portion of fps whiners is basically people who need to upgrade and learn how to use a pc)Controls: oh my god 6 out of 5 <--- yepI will come back to this review and give more on the pvp and such but for now I HAVE TO LEVEL UP SOME MORE!Currently about to hit level 54 and this game is still awesome.I love that even after finishing the questline up to level 50 I still have an insane amount to explore and work on.The looting from grinding paid off when it came to upgrading gear.I spent 30 mil on weapons both main and sub5-10 mil on ancient weapon core and some other things bla bla blaI am currently trying to get to the softcap which is actually fun because after 50 the game gets more difficult and utilizing your character is ... well its becomes far more important than I thought.I will update again after the soft cap has been reached.Ok so I have hit level 56 and Im on the awakening quest as I write this my game is minimized to maximize potential profits and exp gain lol so anyways This game is amazing as far as the different ways to make money and play.  It is for all different types of gamers wrapped into one tasty mmorpg burrito of goodness. I am about halfway to making my Epheria Sailboat which is the biggest undertaking of a project I have ever done in a game ever!.  I am also in the middle of breeding horses and fishing for afk profits as well as utilizing the vast worker node system.  I am completely in awe that this game is so cheap yet so beautiful and rewarding.bout to hit 500 hours and you guess it... still addicted still loving it and the fact that the game is gigantic definatley helps.  Ive focused like 250 hours almost on just my worker nodes and life skills..... amazing and now that i have managed to create duo gear I can move onto mutilating pirates until im even higher level..... to be continued
76561198404105776,Recommended,582660,33563219,Posted: 15 July,all,levi.portscheller,"Really great game,character creation combat just amazing."
,Recommended,582660,33575844,Posted: 15 July,all,Famitrack,I don't really know what i'm doing but beating up stuff is cool.
76561198352343740,Recommended,582660,33675338,Posted: 20 July,all,♅Alucard♅,Awesome game
76561198009905094,Recommended,582660,33686641,Posted: 20 July,all,Xenephon34,"an excellent game with a vast involved world and an active combat system.  steep learning curve for people coming from other non-korean MMOs or RPGs. but once you get past the initial information overload it's probably one of the best MMO's out there currently.  you will never run out of things to do and you can spend your entire game building trade/crafting empires if you wish or sail the seas fighting sea monsters, take control of nodes/towns/regions, battle bosses. etc.  very fun, very involved, give it a try and you won't be sorry."
76561198119191284,Recommended,582660,33689350,Posted: 20 July,all,Dark Abyss of Rainbows,"10/10 one of the best mmos I've ever played. The combat is in my opinion the best combat with a mouse and keyboard ever, I haven't had a PC for gaming in a long time and yet even I :who still fumbles around often) find the controls just so very fluid. Due to poor internet on my end I've only a few hours in but I hear the node side of the game is also really well done and allows great income with basically no real effort (once you figure it out that is.)"
,Recommended,582660,33695410,Posted: 21 July,all,Jirou,A fairly complete MMORPG with complex combat and crafting systems. only if you dont mind a little bit of a grind.
,Recommended,582660,33709071,Posted: 21 July,all,Alakazam429,"This game is amazing, it is a fun RPG with fun people to play with, it never requires a membership at any points, but a membership speeds up the process of grinding. The price for this game is amazing too. I reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,582660,33565130,Posted: 15 July,all,Khirsah - Do the Fonz,"Hi, This'll be my first review on BDO,First tried when the game came out a few yrs ago .. all I'll say ... it died fast and for many reason.A steam buddy brought the subject up while discussing games and how he fell hard for it, well I'm curious and been a gamer for over 33 yrs so I bought the game ... basic pack /not knowing what to expect on the changes. What I'm looking for in MMO is to be immerse in the game ... because playing mmo's is big on time consumption.The first thing that got my attention was the video upgrades .. pretty much on every points, e.g. char do have a lifelike effect, surrounding details and all , no prob there, and graphics in general are awesome ... I mean I can't even max out the settings anymore.Complexity of the game is still there. Theres alot of things to do in this game (most are related to different types of grinding, like crafts).Mounts seems to be available after a certain level.Fighting effects are neet.my few problems with it are :Well to start ... they changed the general Idea on key binding for fighting instead of a mutil-layers taskbar, it means your fight with key-combos ... sequence you have to remember .... use to love my 6 X 12 macro box.Well at this point its too early to fully commment , I just wanted to give a first taste of revamp Vrs.But I can already say that this game is made for peeps that have alot of time on their hand since armor and stuff is still mostly pay to win , but still balance with elements that keeps a side for the play to win .If your looking for realism in your game ... I still today suggest Aion ... kinda old game now but so is BDO ..I still give BDO a       7.5 / 10"
,Recommended,582660,33575291,Posted: 15 July,all,PandaGG,"Beautiful graphics, great gameplay."
,Recommended,582660,33582889,Posted: 16 July,all,< blank >,so addicting
,Recommended,582660,33588914,Posted: 16 July,all,WoodyWang,"Im coming into this observation as someone who has played almost every mmo out there for at least a year or more at one time or anouther. Ive only played the game for about a week so far but Ive played all kinds of games throughout the years and still do. The first game system I had was pong, thats how long Ive ben playing games. I say all this to say the following about BDO and people who have been writing reviews and maybe just reviews in general and my very linited experiance with the game so far. I always read the negative reviews, not all but most. Theres seems to be a common theme in common with 90% of these reviews.1.They blame the game for there're lack of computing power or the game should meet there 1990 system specs.2.There ability to not look information up even though we can all spell google.3.The game isnt like the game they left.You will need a good system to run this game on the highest settings. I run everything on ultyra\max and the only lag I see is becasue of networking, nothing to do with my system. My overall experiance of the game is its beautiful and runs well. Those who say the games poorly optimized are blaming the game for there machines lack of computing and graphical power. Just becasue you have a gaming system that you bought out of the box doesnt mean its good and thats a fact. Others say they just built a machine with ""Good parts"" and it cant run the game so its the games fault and thats not true either. Most if not all the time there systems have bottle necks. You cant blame the game for that. You also cant blame a game becasue you cant read an error message while installing so its the games fault even though your system is full of malware and missing or corrupt system files. I also see a lot of people saying that the interface is cluttered. This is true by deafult but there is something called ""settings"" and its a funny animal. It has the ability to turn all that clutter off, move it around and turn certain options within the UI off. They would know this if they could spell google and knew how to search anouther thing called the ""web"". The last complaint I see is this isnt like ""wow"" or everyother mmo they have come from. This is also true. Why should it be and why would you want it to be? Why would you leave a burning building only to climb into anouther burning building? Makes no sense to me. Why play an mmo for years then get bored of it, leave it for anouther mmo only to complain about the new mmo becasue its not like the game you left and were bored of? Being twelve years old is a great year but being twelve only makes you an expert in two areas, jack and♥♥♥♥♥♥With all that said, there are things I like and dont like about the gaem. IMO the game lacks any real explaination about almost everything in the game. You must look things up becasue the game does a poor job of explaining even the basic functions of the game other than basic movement. It can be frustrating for people who cant use ""google"". But I dont think you should have to search the web to play a game. It should explain how to use features within the game and BDO fails at it. Like I mentioned earlier the game is beautiful and the charicter customization is top notch. The quest pathing is a bit broken here and there and even though the game has the abiltiy to auto follow the pathing by hitting the ""T"" key its clunky and I see people constantly running into buildings becasue they have gone afk for whatever reason and there horse is tuck on a building running in place until they return. The questing is like most mmo's so dont expect anything special here but there are tones of them (Ive heard 10,000) and you can choose which ones to follow even the story questes even though I wouldnt suggest missing those. The best way if not he only way to level in this game is by grinding mobs. I for one dont mind it but others do, so if your one who hates a grind, Id stay away or at least understand thats how it works before playing then complaining in your review that its ""Grindy"". You do quests not for ex but for everything else. If you play you'll understand this later.I havent gotten into the pvp aspect yet so I cant comment on that but at lvl 45 you can be PK'd I believe and the pvp starts. It is open world pvp but if you feel griefed you can change channels every 15 minutes and there are a lot of channels to choose from. There are other issues with the gameplay in this game like that chat, the friends chat and the marketplace which at first is a mini game in itself and the game relyes on RNG a lot as well. Others here have posted there thoguhts on all that if you read them so no need to go into every aspect of the game I like or dont especially since I haven tplayed that long but overall its a good mmo. The price is right and if your looking for something completly different from other mmo's youve plaed or just looking for something different this game may be for you.P.S Appologies for spelling errors. I have a CIS degree not an english major...lol"
,Recommended,582660,33601311,Posted: 16 July,all,Nosy Skuller,$10 for a game that you will spend 300+ hours on...I think yes. btw Emily only faked cancer once yahoooo
76561198058095766,Recommended,582660,33647090,Posted: 19 July,all,Captain Davian,"This game is very fun. A daunting game at first but that is honestly the best part. There is so much to do it's quite amazing. Now yes it is a Korean MMORPG so you know it's a bit grindy and slight ""P2W"" aspect but that's not too much of a concern to be honest. The combat is fantastic and flashy and even at the very start of the game you feel like a god. I will say I have spent money on the game but only for a cosmetic outfit as the base outfits are pretty trash but I feel justified because the game is $10 so an extra $30 is fine when this game delivers so much content. End game is very PvP centered and unlike most MMOs quests aren't the main source of leveling, killing mobs are, that being said I still recommend the quests for other important stuff. But this has gone on too long now. There is a lot of guids and information out there if you want to find more.Also roleplay chat is amazing."
76561198021133538,Recommended,582660,33647552,Posted: 19 July,all,[10CCE] dDog,"Very beautiful world, pretty good learning mechanisms in the game. Haven't gotten to the PvP yet but looking forward to it."
,Recommended,582660,33647770,Posted: 19 July,all,Le Gocciole del discount,"i donm't have many hours, so i will update this review later on.For the new players : if someone says that this game is pay 2 win, don't listen to him. You can easily go on without paying a cent on the game (well, other then buying it). Every day, when you log in,  the game gives you a reward , from food, to a pet (yes, the one that you could buy for 10 euros), and it isn't even RNG, you have a full calendar with every reward listed per day. I made 120 milions silvers (the in-game currency) in just 1 week, and didn't even bother checking things like gathering, fishing and so on, all of that thanks to the awesome login rewards. Is this game grindy? yes, it is and a lot, but is incredibly complete, and i'm sure you will find something to entertain yourself with. The only critic i can move with my experience (which is not a lot for a game like this) is the marketplace. The 30% tax is a bit too much, considering the fact that it is lowered with the premium value pack (about this, i have over 1 month of value pack thanks to the attendance reward, but still). So, launch yourself in this incredible adventure and trust me, for 10 euros, this game gives you a lot."
,Recommended,582660,33648904,Posted: 19 July,all,DAS IT MANE,"This is a very VERY cool game. i like it because of the sandbox thingy, that because i dont need to complete the quests like the other mmo's. But in this game you can grind until you die and you will still come to the high levels without doing any quests. I also like the fact that, when you are done with the game you can choose (if you want to) to be a trader, a fisher, a man who controll's worker's *caugh* slaves *caugh* and a guy who's still grinding (thats all the things i know but theres always videos u know). So thats why you should buy the game.btw i hear some people say ""oh its a copy of wow"" then i say ""well the good thing is that you dont need to pay every month to play the game"". ;)"
,Recommended,582660,33657833,Posted: 19 July,all,Goatttttttttttttttt,"First, I'd like to say Black Desert Online is a fantastic MMO. One of the few good mmorpgs to have come out of the recent years.Black Desert Online is a game that I bought after shopping around quite a bit. I've tried my hand at about every f2p mmo you possibly can. While some were better than others, and I really enjoyed the action combat of Tera, It was for that reason that I wanted to try BDO.The combat is amazing. It feels natural, and while it's a little flashy at times, you really feel like you're using every skill and combo in a necessary pattern. Each boss is different, and the dodge, counter attack, and charge strategies all feel equally important to the flow of combat.My one complaint for the game would be its use of multiplayer. I feel like the game is a little too singleplayer at times. I'm only level 46 as I'm writing this however, and I'm hoping that the late game dungeons and guild systems will fix this. My friend has this game as well, but even playing with him, it's hard to locate him on the map, and if we don't handhold each other at all times, it feels like we aren't even in the same game.The last thing I'd say about BDO, and probably the biggest selling point for me, is its relaxed lifestyle feel. While it's true that you can engage in guild raids, enter combat and hunting zones, and go through different dungeons... you are also given plenty of oppurtunities to do things on your off days. For me, these are days that I don't feel like fighting or maybe don't have the time to do many quests. The marketplace is a great function for selling loot and trying your hand at being a vendor. BDO handles it really well and is the only MMO that I've ever actually enjoyed auctioning things. Furthermore, you can purchase houses and work shops in cities, purchase workers to craft stuff for you, fish, cook, mine, cut wood, craft or buy furniture. The housing is the most free and open out of any mmo I've ever played. Everything in your house is customizable in terms of furniture, wallpaper, flooring, etc.I love this relaxed feel of the game and the furniture and other home features are perfectly handled. They don't feel p2p at all. While it's true that you can do microtransactions, it's purely cosmetic. All parts of my house were bought with in game currency on the marketplace.All in all, I love this game. It's the only mmo I've ever enjoyed investing time in, and it's so open and giving to its community. Great game. 10/10"
76561198114103280,Recommended,582660,33670688,Posted: 20 July,all,Requis from n1gg3r farm,"This is a good game.This game takes lots of time with quests and farming and lots of other stuff. There is so many things to do like cooking, farming, fishing, killing random stuff, hiring workers to do♥♥♥♥♥♥for you. This game is pay to win sometimes, but you can still get good stuff if you try hard. This game requires effort when you level up farther and when you get far enough you start to realize that the combat quests have a pattern.Pattern is:Investigate [Monster(s)]Take [Monster(s)] Weapons, Hats, Armor (whatever...)Destroy [Monster(s)] Huts, Building, Fortresses,etcKill off (basically killing like 30+ of the [Monster's] species) the [Monster(s)]-Maybe discover a new area after that-Maybe meet a new important personThen it repeats after that.I got bored of the quests (I have very little time on this game, please don't complain)Then I started to enter the world of crafting, cooking, fishing, and farming.I have never experienced so much fun in my life (even though it might seem boring to other people)I've kept selling stuff and I get around 3-20 million a day.I just spend loads of that money on absolute crap.This game is literally a time machine.I started playing at 12pm and then I look at the clock and it's 5am the next day.I have now discovered time travel and I'm right now, as I'm typing, telling everyone my secret of time travel.This is one of the best time travel machines ever 10/10"
76561198073034094,Recommended,582660,33676470,Posted: 20 July,all,LLarky,Favourite game in terms of combat system but i wish there was more variety in terms of equipment.
76561198111379587,Recommended,582660,33676814,Posted: 20 July,all,Yankee,"This game was a huge learning curve for me, THERE'S A LOT TO LEARN. very quick leveling process, crafting/gathering is confusing and long at times. No real reason to play with friends/group in my opinion, it's not like theres really much group content."
76561198050990958,Recommended,582660,33683781,Posted: 20 July,all,jan,"This is a deep, visually stunning game that dares to be different from the traditional MMORPG formula. Its strong points are that it tries hard not to be themepark-y with some success, that it has an excellent, arcade-like action combat system (with optional controller support), and that it seems to offer good PVP. Its story also struck me as less pretentious than Blade & Soul's or Tera's, but that is strictly IMO. Mostly, however, BDO tries to be a sandbox and offers lots of professions and things to do in its beautiful open world.On the downside for some, there is no dungeon finder / raid-based end-game and PVP seems to be difficult and rage-inducing, also, op classes with top gear are hard to beat. So, normal PVP.Be prepared to set your own goals in this game, and to spend a lot of time exploring, whether that is exploring the map or finding out how trading and professions work, how combat works, or how organized PVP works, even. At its best, BDO can feel like an Eve Online of fantasy MMOs, but designed 15 years later. For 10€, this is a unique offering."
76561198233034592,Recommended,582660,33690837,Posted: 21 July,all,Eversighcheasdyane,Fun
,Recommended,582660,33707459,Posted: 21 July,all,SuperDave3000,"I'm torn on this one. On one hand the graphics and gameplay are both beautiful and natural. It has a great combat system and it feels really rewarding when you pull off a massive combo to destroy monsters.The only bad thing is there is a ton of grinding. I mean a metric ton of grinding. Prepare yourself for hours and hours of slaying monsters and min/maxing your character.This is basically Diablo if it was an MMORPG. Which isn't a bad thing.If that's your thing, this game is for you.I personally do recommend this for a try, especially with the low buy in price. Besides you can always get a refund if you don't like it!"
,Recommended,582660,33362438,Posted: 7 July,all,Kiwillian,p. good actually
,Recommended,582660,32690078,Posted: 23 June,all,Megumin Did 9/11,Its Pretty addicting. Also Fun to Play with friends.
76561198341339642,Recommended,582660,33798157,Posted: 25 July,all,Can_adianWifi,It's a good game. I lke it. Much lots.
76561198114141804,Recommended,582660,32400685,Posted: 13 June,all,ORANGE,in the beginning the game is confusing (use thishttps://youtu.be/6pOJYfMQPIA)but after i watched the video and messed around with the game a little bit it became really fun and there is a large variety of things available in the game. I only have 11 hours on the game and i am having a blast.
,Recommended,582660,33649053,Posted: 19 July,all,Vlackrs,"The true about this game is, P2W. Do not let other ppl change this, why?-Like in real life here, in this game, Time=money but in game is silver.-You have to spent real money to make things in game FAR more ez to make silver.-Marketplace is a ♥♥♥♥♥.-If you want to see the RNG quality of this game, go to youtube and look for it. If you want my answer here is:is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥where billions of silver are nothing compared to upgrade something, or just get it from marketplace, good luck with that.-Takes a lot of time and grind to set evetything right, have fun with it, is more ez with friends.-Combat is great but some classes are awesome for both pve/pvp, skip the striker class, is trash.If you want to play this game as casual, lets say get weapon/awake/sub-weap to due is after this stop.For gear, Get it to duo too if you want but  pri is good even +15 is good, or get your ultimate non-boss items (pri or duo) from the marketplace, is more easy.If you want to hit level 62 with 130 ap/200 dp, you can. For me as casual this is my wall.As warning, this is a gamble game, where you upgrade something really hard lets say get IV in a weapon with only 20 Failstacks is considered a godly luck and cuz of this this game can suck you in and los your ♥♥♥♥ing head,  not cuz you got lucky in one  upgrade thats mean you will easily upgrade all the items, you can lose billions with 1 item upgrade."
76561198088531213,Recommended,582660,33703122,Posted: 21 July,all,SUBJ3KT17,"I recommend this game only for those looking to invest a substantial amount of time. MMO's are notorious for taking over people's lives, but this one actually seems to be designed with that goal in mind.For example, the primary method of increasing carry weight is by leveling your Strength stat. The best method I've found is to purchase trading packs from special vendors and walk in a circle for hours on end, which is made easier by an 'auto loop auto-run' feature you can set your character on and go afk. You can even minimize the game to the system tray while this is going on so you can do other things on your pc, all the while your character continues to trudge along. Some people might argue that this actually alleviates the time investment problem by allowing you to do other things. But logic tells me if you have to create a feature to do that, then the game was, as mentioned, designed for a substantial time investment.This is just the tip of the iceberg, as it were. There are a considerable amount of things to learn and do, many of which are optional, but it can quickly leave you feeling overwhelmed.But, I do recommend this game because if these things don't bother you, then it's actually a well developed and enjoyable game. The combat is what drew me initially as it is faster paced and generally more enjoyable than your typical MMO. I would recommend giving it a shot if you're looking for a new MMO especially since the price tag is pretty generous. I only played for a couple weeks. I simply didn't have the time or desire to invest as much as I felt needed to, but I feel I at least got my money's worth."
76561198090202408,Recommended,582660,33028147,Posted: 30 June,all,CrimsonRedeemer,"Unique gameplay, good storyline but steep learning curve. Classes are varied and cmbo system is top notch. Overall, very good game in my opinion."
,Recommended,582660,33851771,Posted: 28 July,all,CrimsonDxD | csgoroll.com,Awsome rpg with a huge world to explore 10/10
76561198167432532,Recommended,582660,33725717,Posted: 22 July,all,GLORP.,"Great combat, great character customization etc. What more could you wish for with an mmo? I'm not a professional or anything but I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who are looking to get into mmo's."
,Recommended,582660,33892861,Posted: 29 July,all,Nitr0gen,Beautiful game with good combat
76561198060223306,Recommended,582660,33255119,Posted: 4 July,all,Squanchy,"100+ hours, still creating my character."
76561198192843494,Recommended,582660,33761763,Posted: 24 July,all,Hipmunk,"Hard to find a stable server after an hour of search. Game would be great for people in Asia, Australia and New Zealand if we just had servers in this direction the game would be more accessible to those towards the oceanic area"
,Not Recommended,582660,33430812,Posted: 10 July,all,An incubated egg,"Very nice looking game and extremely comprehensive character creation.Gameplay seems very boring and uninvolving - one of the things that sums it up is that from the quest tab you can click a button that auto walks you to the objective..I've only played 6 hours, but honestly I have no motivation to go further.Finally, the chat is full of cringey 13yr old edgelords spamming ""Kebab"" and ""alienware""memes  - no thanks."
,Recommended,582660,33647668,Posted: 19 July,all,Cosmic,"Immersive game world, excellent combat, very detailed character creation."
,Not Recommended,582660,32014222,Posted: 28 May,all,RETARDED FAGGOT,"This is a GREAT MMORPG IF youre not new in the world of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ owerwrite non-sense informations which will occur to be right over the main tutorial thingy, if you dont know how to bind skills to hotbar(which i even googled and i had problems), using 2+ keys combinations to do a dagger swipe. I even had problems calling the small ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ghost thingy at me, i smashed my "","" button 8 times before it came (i even tryed to press TAB and call him, same, nothing happened yet my goal was complete.)I repurchased this game by a mistake, i taught i should give it more than 2 mins(time i was able to resist before refunding it 1st time) and im still dissapointed, im heaving a headache over the TOO MUCH DAMN INFORMATION THE GAME GIVES YOU, YET, no info about how to use that skill properly or why your character will casually run into a wall before stopping or casually doing an attack...PROS:-Great(ish) graphic, the shadows are appearing on some objects with some delay-Runs smoothly on potatoes pc(quad 3.2,gtx750,8gbRAM,Full Res)-Maybe, maybe, nice story to follow up and im sure theres plenty of side quests to enjoy too(i wasnt able to advance much, i only tried ranger and wizard until level 5-8)CONS:-AND I Really mean it when im saying that you receive too much info when you cant even understand how to store it and use it properly. For example, ""use Firestorm S+RMB"" BUT HEY, You need to do a combo with the OH WAIT, you cant see the combo skill required OR HOW to use the skill properly because its something in the way! LIKE a ♥♥♥♥ing huge keyboard thats on the screen by some reason!Conclusion:- As ive experienced in those minutes was pure brain damage trying to understand how the ♥♥♥♥ can i disable all those ♥♥♥♥ing useless stuff on my screan OH GUESS WHAT, i wrote a review 1st time  and some smartasses told me to check the settings for ui, HELL I DID THIS TIME TOO, guess what, the giant keyboard still on my screen, disabling the ""I DONT WANT TO SEE WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ I JUST DID"" screen wont actually disable anything, the only good part about the ESC menu was the DC button.I DONT SAY THAT THIS GAME IS GARBAGE, NOPE, I can tell this has potential and a big player base and MAYBE its fun IF you beat the UI.I DONT RECOMMEND this game for new mmorpgs players or low patience players."
,Recommended,582660,33956961,Posted: 1 August,all,Big Poppa,I'd write a review but there is just too much to write about. Its an incredible game 10/10
,Recommended,582660,33954794,Posted: 1 August,all,Odie20XX,"InstalledConfigured settingsStarted gameTried 16 names, all were takenClosed game11/10 Best ""If life was an MMO""-simulator"
,Recommended,582660,32910524,Posted: 27 June,all,✞=DR=™Ben Llama㋛✞,Cool.
76561198147388220,Recommended,582660,32602533,Posted: 20 June,all,TriHard,Toxic chat... 10/10
76561198076623840,Recommended,582660,33947437,Posted: 1 August,all,DeJuan,Can make♥♥♥♥♥♥♥girls and guys.
76561198114134672,Recommended,582660,33540266,Posted: 14 July,all,EA Skeezy,Very Addicting!  Best combat in any MMO I've tried.  So many things to do...So many things to be...Be prepared to spend at least $20 if you really want to dive deep.
76561198087049961,Recommended,582660,34047530,Posted: 5 August,all,Pingclick,fun game to play if you have lots of time to kill.
76561198174969686,Recommended,582660,33302670,Posted: 5 July,all,Tú Nguyễn,The marketplace is on another level. Cant buy anything LuL
76561198061831728,Recommended,582660,32167262,Posted: 3 June,all,Alpha,"This is one of those MMO games that has a lot going on for it in the background that has to be appreciated. I don't have much time with it just yet, but I can tell you what I think so far.Starting up is relatively easy, while the tutorial may be annoying after the first time I believe if you have a level 50+ character it skips it (not sure about that I just heard about it from someone else). The game kind of guides you through the basics and then eventually lets you go on your own sort of.Combat is your typical action combat, but its minimalistic and simple enough to enjoy and understand. The classes are gender locked, but character customization more than makes up for it. Each class has a 'unique' feel for the most part. I've played Sorcerer, Warrior, and Dark Knight so far. There are classes that feel more ""mobile"" than others to allow evasive play, then there are classes that are slower but have more defenses to compensate. Don't worry too much if you don't like the class you picked because it is still pretty easy to pick up another class and get back to where you were level wise.The unique thing about this game has to be the economy system, specifically nodes and housing. While it isn't obvious at first how to get into it, it becomes straightforward once you mess with it a bit. It allows you to hire workers to gather certain materials for you while your out on an adventure or offline which you can then use for crafting or to sell on the markeyplace for silver. You can place furniture or production items in your house, and place a storage box that connects to the nearby warehouse for ease of access. Mounts are also relatively easy to get, they give you a donkey to start but you can either do the quests to get a horse eventually or just buy one.Another nice thing this game does is lets you kind of ""tab out"" or go do something real quick while your traveling, crafting, fishing, etc. You don't always have to be paying attention so it makes the tedious tasks less tedious by letting you direct your attention elsewhere. AFKing is an option in this game for some things.Tl;dr an interesting game to play and to take a part of so long as you try out everything the game has available to you. You may get lost a few times, but a simple google search or asking a fellow player usually does the trick. 75% of what I was wondering about could be discovered in a quest of sorts."
,Recommended,582660,34038662,Posted: 5 August,all,Kpop is a band,"Decent MMORPG, Grinding is the biggest aspect of this game imo. Fishing is 8/8 use that b8 m8.Pvp is amazing and the depth of the world is greatStoryline is alright but great game overall :D"
,Recommended,582660,32275025,Posted: 8 June,all,Dragon,Best MMO I have played in a long time
76561198288107882,Recommended,582660,34000497,Posted: 3 August,all,Fox,Best game ever
,Recommended,582660,33990853,Posted: 3 August,all,Kaiser,"Don't normally review games but this one truly grabbed me by the balls and refused to let go. For £6.99, I can't think of a game with as much content that is ACTUALLY engaging. Although if you want your character to look cool you will have to invest real money to buy those but they are purely aesthetic and not required to play the game so it's excusable :D"
76561198037645022,Recommended,582660,34054145,Posted: 5 August,all,imrathan,It's ok.
76561198149031609,Recommended,582660,34117326,Posted: 8 August,all,The Bombastic Noot,Can't even play the actual game because my computer is a Latvian Potato but character creation sure is great.
76561197993205265,Recommended,582660,34153316,Posted: 10 August,all,sG | Ghoul,10/10 would afk again
,Recommended,582660,33934493,Posted: 31 July,all,my dog are eyes,"very good game. this isnt your classic mmo. it feels like a genre that hasnt been touched before.The only cons are that most cosmetic items are locked via paywall, however all cosmetics that you buy will last forever. So when you get addicted to the game you can spend 20 dollars and get that outfit set you always were looking at. Pros are really everything the game has to offer but one thing that stand out is a extremely extensive map and range of items."
76561198037595288,Recommended,582660,33935111,Posted: 31 July,all,Lewis,Enjoyable with quite a lot of depth in game play
,Recommended,582660,34208211,Posted: 13 August,all,Big Chungus,"has amazing combat and graphics. Good idea for a story but it lacks depth. Honestly, if you really want to get into this game , get the $30 version. much more worth it. 10 dollars really is a bargin tho if you want to see some high quality anime tottiesI rate this game a 10 out 10 buubs"
,Recommended,582660,32520035,Posted: 17 June,all,Brains_Ironically,"S'ok.  Just another MMORPG, has the same features as pretty much every other in the genre.  I didn't like that you can expand your inventory, and then the expansion expires leaving you with too much stuff on hand; it really messes up your game.Graphics are pretty good, a little lag a few times, but it wasn't horrifying.  Expect open hostility from the server population regarding using Steam (several times seen people talking crap, wasn't a big deal just stupid childish behavior.)So, that's it.  Oh, and levelling was really fast.  I made it to almost 40 in about 20 hours, and I'm an extremely casual player."
,Recommended,582660,34190141,Posted: 12 August,all,P I N C H Y,"A game so cheap with endless gameplay, If you are into the grind this is for you!"
76561198113660017,Recommended,582660,34102990,Posted: 8 August,all,Spectre,"Jingle bells without the bells,get smashed by an overpowered player,cry my gear breaks...11/10"
,Not Recommended,582660,34209320,Posted: 13 August,all,Joeru,I was thoroughly enjoying this game. However now the game freezes when you try to load into the server.Will consider changing this when the bug is fixed.
76561198275275367,Not Recommended,582660,34216703,Posted: 13 August,all,Pencil,"The game was fun for the first 30 days, when you still have all the buffs like a value pack that gives you 30% more money for items you sell on the market, place extra inventory and storage place. But after you have played on the beginner oliva servers you get thrown in with the lions on normall servers. to bad there arent  any pure steam severs after the oliva steam one.  Then you find out that your workers cant work anymore cause you lost like 16 spaces in each town so they stop working. It will cost you like 15 euro each month to get the perks of a 30 day value pack again. Its like you get a free taste, and when you get addicted, its gonna cost you. This game might be not pay to win but the advantages you get when you do sure give you a big advantage. So if you really wanna compete in this game you should count on buying the value pack and probably some extra weight and inventory space. So after buying the game expect more costs. If you dont mind the extra costs for valuepacks, extra weight/inventory and buying pets to properly grind. Then this game might be fun for you.Game itself is pretty nice lookingm but it still feels more like a solo game where you manage your worker empire.Theres just so many daily events that happen and money making afk activities, that you will never catch up to people who have been playing much longer.tl:drNice looking, lots of things to do, no end game, to much focus on afk activities, cash shop milk cow"
76561198081210198,Recommended,582660,31997971,Posted: 27 May,all,Vejkx,"9.5/10Love the game! I have played many MMOs of all kinds, and unlike most of the MMOs the leveling and questing is actualy fun, it's not a chore, but part of the entertainment, and you can do almost anything anytime you want to. There is also so much to do in the game and the amount of immertion is amazing from the Helth, Streagth, and Breath stats that you tame by doing things you would do in real life to train these, then there is all the profestions to do in the game, and the combat is increadably fun with doging moving casting hacking and slshing how ever you do it it is amazing and fun I have played 5 classes so far and all are fine tuned and fairly balenced (so it seams).And I havn't even scratch the most breathtaking part of the game: the graphics and the character custemation.So I reacently got a new PC and once I get a game I simply turn the graphics to the max and my computer has just been asking for more, these havnt even been pushing the envolope of 80%, but in BDO I quicly lerned this is not one of those games as oce it was on 5/7 (higher end) it was pushing 90% and this was just in the middle of a feild to keep a steady 30ish FPS I keep it at 5/7 and push 95% in combat (like 6 players in world boss I turn to 2/7 or 3/7 so I can see OwO [as long as theres a lot a player witch there always is]) And it nondebatably has the best charater custemation in looks out of any MMO I have seen or played.Now out of litteraly 95% positives there is negatives minor as they are some negatives (2 main ones that I will discus)1. The servers are ALL VERY FULL, this can and most likly will be fixed, but for now it is crazy seeing so many pepoule just everywere in the world not just in towns, villages, node hubs, and fishing (LOL), but in farming and even starting the game, the logiest I have gone witout seeing a player, or evidence of one is about 30 sec sciece the steam vertion launched. It just is causing Lag, but I love no wait time and so scoil that you can explode2. There IS a cash shop, however it is ethire one of two things: ease of life, or cosmettics. The most important items to buy are the reserects, witch while leveling just drink the numerus potions avalible and don't be dumb and die [on my current 28 hours of playing I have one death, and it was my fault] . The pets are combat pets, but all extreamly minor and WILL NOT BE THE REASON YOU DIE TO SOMEONE THAT HAS THEM IF YOU DO NOT. finaly housing is nessisary to invest in a bank with the gold/sivlver in each town, but there is craftable items and or buyable that are just as good, the only reason to buy most is to have a funtion or make your house pop better."
76561198118322999,Recommended,582660,31998249,Posted: 27 May,all,Octis,According to reviews this seems like a very good game but sadly for me it crashes as soon as it launches so i cant play it but would recomend this game for lovers of MMOs.
,Recommended,582660,34476211,Posted: 25 August,all,GENERAL GAMBOLI,the auto run feature is a joke
76561198315401242,Recommended,582660,34475700,Posted: 25 August,all,Irma,it good
76561198348989442,Recommended,582660,34652840,Posted: 31 August,all,Andr3w,This game is pretty fun. can consume your life. PVE section was enjoyable. Once you get to PVP its a whole new game. Just like any other game in that you get rekt by the people that have played nonstop for years. Although there is so much  to do you could continue exploring and playing foreverrrrr before you even need to join a clan to do pvp. Helps to pick the right guild for YOU! There are intense guilds that expect you everyday and others that are more lenient in understanding life comes first. Anyway got tired of needing to afk work to stay relevant or have any hopes of accomplishing anything in a timely manner. Eventually just let it go.. May come back after a long while.. may not.. we shall see. Definitely worth a try though!!! #Grind
76561198333929146,Recommended,582660,34678850,Posted: 2 September,all,Caiy,"Awesome game, not like other MMO's. play it with the attitude that nothing matters and just enjoy the vast content.Dont listen to negative reviews they just failed tet upgrades."
,Not Recommended,582660,34450903,Posted: 23 August,all,CrocoDarrel,"This game has a lot of interesting ideas. It plays like an action RPG, and the worker-empire you build as you do lifeskills is cool and it really helped pull me into the game in the beginning. Unfortunately, the publisher has become increasingly grasping and desperate with the addition of more and more PTW mechanics.I played through the main quest on a few characters, so I definitely got a few dozen hours out of this game before I quit. Why do I not recommend it then? Because a game like this, if it's good, can provide hundreds of hours of enjoyment without making you feel like you are constantly being nickel-and-dimed. As a publisher, when you optimize for revenue too much, your game ends up constantly taking players out of the experience by reminding them that they can reach for their wallet to make the boring parts less boring. Then, as a designer you have less incentive to make the boring parts less boring through actual game design. And that is what this game is: a boring grindy slog, and this is coming from someone who normally enjoys very grindy games.Apart from the awful monetization, I can't fail to mention the gear upgrade system. Not only is it heavily dependent on RNG, but your gear willlose statswhen an upgrade fails. This means potentially dozens of hours where you not only fail to progress, but can actually end up weaker than when you started. This is unfun, and the reddit community has proven in several cases that many items have hidden stats that the player has no way of knowing, and it is often very counter intuitive. Imagine deciding you wanted to play a very offensive build, so you invest hundreds of hours getting high level (not even BiS) gear for your build and then finding out that defense items with no attack stats mentioned would have given you more offense than what you chose, being functionally better in every way. You would have chosen that gear in the beginning if you knew but now it's too late and you're stuck with that you have.When people say the upgrade system is terrible in this game, they are not exaggerating, it really is that bad. The upgrade system is an evil nightmare, but if not for the monetization I would have persisted by saving up money and buying my upgrades from the market, even though the cost of high items on there is pretty massive.The monetization is just so bad that I will never touch another game from Kakao the publisher or Pearl Abyss the developer. I can't trust companies that have so little regard for the experience of their users that they would release something like this. Even if they suddenly released a paid game with no microtransactions, I would expect them to shoehorn it in later after people have bought it, because, as I said, they have no regard for the user experience. They are the worst kind of game designers.Edit: Thanks for the response Serenity. The unfortunate truth is that these concerns are in no way fresh news to Kakao or Pearl Abyss. Rather than listening, the most offputting aspects of the game have continued to get worse, even in patches as recent as this month with the addition of the ability to speed up workers by paying 20 pearls. Even removing that at this point is too little too late, because I have no confidence in the people making the decisions for this game. Their philosophy towards gaming and mine are too different."
76561198040415131,Recommended,582660,32029931,Posted: 28 May,all,brigis14,"I could sink a decent amount of time into this game and still generally not know much about the game, there are tons of things to learn.  The combat system is fast paced but nothing feels like it has impact to me.  The mobs are also so easy I forgot that I even received health potions.  I could grind indefinitely in one spot and never have a single worry about my life.For the 6 dollar sale price it was worth trying out but ultimately the game doesnt match what I am looking for.  While it is much different from other MMO's its still a MMO and still brings the same feel.I got one character up to 20 and decided it wasnt for me.  I havent played an mmo in a long time and thought I was ready to come back to one but Im just done.Pros:Something differentLots of things to learn and land to discoverNice LandscapesAbility to climb over most thingsFast paced combatPopulated Servers ( 5/28/17)cons:Its still an MMO in an oversaturated market.Combat doesnt feel impactful and mobs present no challengeSeveral of the classes are essentially the same just different genders with different names.I would recommend this game for 6 dollars if you love mmos and want to try a decent game."
76561198255151827,Recommended,582660,33917858,Posted: 30 July,all,thundersilver,Great game for people who have a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of time
76561198116065442,Recommended,582660,33327919,Posted: 6 July,all,Keenan,looks like a very good game its not a pay to win if your willing to put the hours in. Its a propper time sink which i love.200 hours in the grind gets real lol... but i love the number etcgive it a go its only 7 quid.
76561198172051011,Recommended,582660,33089568,Posted: 1 July,all,Gimpleton,Meh... It's ok
,Recommended,582660,33088194,Posted: 1 July,all,Godis ✔,So much to do and i love it
76561198329798096,Not Recommended,582660,32574975,Posted: 19 June,all,adubis,seems like this title has potential; however gameplay is too repetive.
,Recommended,582660,33552629,Posted: 14 July,all,Game Over Man,"*Disclaimer.  I bought this before steam release, but decided to buy it again on steam, to leave this review and to begin recording the lhours of my life I intend to sink into this,100% strongly recommend.  This MMo has ruined tab targeting for me.  I uninstalled WOW, ESO, SWTOR and a few othersbecause of this.Currently, this mmo is great.  It can be played as an Open world Shadow of Mordor style combat, a solo mmo, a guild mmo, you have rph, mmo, and action combat elements.  The world is alive and always feels populated.  Players are everywhere.Quests are actually fun.  If you love to kill mobs for days, you will love the combat here.pay 2 win?  not the way you think.  You can pay to look good, and the customs such as undies, have +1 luck, which you can still buy potions on Auction House to get the same +1Overall best MMO to date.  I have been playing mmos for 10 + years.  This mmo has ruined mmos prior to this for me.For the $10 you will want this, but you will end up spending about $50 to $100 overall for 3 pets, a sick outfit and getting your pack and wieght up, or $15 a month for the value pack"
,Recommended,582660,33325942,Posted: 6 July,all,Reist Windhunter,"This is a tough game to review. I have played several MMORPGs before, and this one is certainly the most diverse and vast I've played. That said, I have already noticed a few things that may be a turn off, for some and for others not so much.TL;DR: This game is amazing, but requires you to have to do a LOT of homework, key mapping (hotkeys), and customization (which is both good and bad). But if you want to spend only 10 bucks (with in game purchases available, but not manditory) on an expansive, beautifully crafted, yet challenging MMORPG, then you'll love this game!Now, I have only 85-87 minutes put into the game, and I am already sold on this US port of the game, and love the amount of open world to this MMO. The game offers a very large and expansive map, with tons of exporation to be had. It doesn't really feel overwhelming, unlike other MMOs where you feel like you'll get lost just looking at a map.The amount of customization and classes is overwhelmingly beautiful too. You get to choose from over 10 classes, each with unique stats and features found only in their versions. I will say, the customization is not as intuitive, nor expansive as I'd hoped, but for an MMORPG its pretty darn impressive! That said, the only complaint here I have is the sexualization. Now I don't mean ""OHHH, THIS GIRL HAS MASSIVE T*TS!"" or ""OH, WTF IS THIS OVER SEXUALIZED BS!?"", no I'm strictly referring to sexuality being locked to the classes you choose. That's right, you can't change a Ranger from a Female to Male, or a Dark Knight (my choice) from a Female to Male. Now, this is not that big of a deal, because the gameplay is what I aim for, and MY GOD DOES IT DELIVER.The combat system works very much like FF XV, but a hybrid with the cursor aiming system. You do not lock onto your targets (as far as I have discovered) unlike other MMOs where you lock onto the aimed target until they die, and shift targets or set(s) of targets. The amount of skills found in your character's class tree is astounding! I can tell it's gonna take me +40 hours just to clear about half of the tree, maybe even longer! However, this brings me to my next point: which is UI and Help.You're given a very brief, but intuitive tutorial from your companion (not sure if it varies on your character choice, but mine is a black phantom), and begin doing some simple quests. Now, after you've done the very basic stuff, you're about to start relying on your UI and common knowledge of MMOs, which is slightly degrading for newcomers (I haven't touched an MMO in awhile, so it was quite daunting at first). However, if you spend time practicing combat, looting dead and broken objects and such for a little bit of time, you should get the hang of it. Now, the UI can be customized, which I love, but the default setup (IMO) is just weird. Your map is in the usual place, the hotbar at the bottom, but just about everything else seems backwards. This is all biased of course, but it remains a mystery to me.Next, the graphics: holy crap! THIS GAME IS BEAUTIFUL FOR A MMORPG!! Now, that being said: don't be expecting your PC to be able to run everything 100% Ultra to the max. I run a R9 295x2 and it STILL can't handle a full 100% Ultra setup of graphics, shaders, etc. But, even if you have a hallf-decent GPU and setup, your game will still run a consistent +30fps (like mine) which still looks and runs very beautifully! However, be warned, if you want a non-graphical intensive MMORPG to play from a laptop and such, this game will NOT run smoothly, if at all.So far, this game has the potential to be something I end up playing religiously (as of late, its been Dark Souls III, NON-STOP), It plays very well, the graphics are beautiful no matter what, and the world and characters are all very vast and overwhelming, like a good MMORPG brings into the realm of MMO. To be honest, this game is not the best game I've found myself playing, but if you want a challanging and fun experience for an MMO, I recommmend this game! Also, for only 10 bucks?! THAT SHOULD BE A MASSIVE SELLING POINT RIGHT THERE. You only pay once, and you're basically set for life! Now there are IN-Game transactions, but I didn't se anything game-breaking (unlike other gmaes where you can pay to win).I highly recommend this to those who love to roleplay a character they build and create, and want to get lost in a new realm!I give this game a solid 7.8/10EDIT1: Still discovering more and more things, such as weapon mods, alterations, dyes, and customizations out the wazoo, not just character, but places and spaces you can buy for living in, storing things, etc. MORE research, but definitely more expansive things to be found as well. I like that, more to come and discover (I'm sure)!"
,Recommended,582660,32114195,Posted: 1 June,all,✪GeoVega,"Before I get into this I have about over 1.5k on the none steam version of this game and been playing on and off since this game came out back in Spring 2016.This game is actually something allot of MMOs try to achieve but fail at. It's probably one of my top 10 games of last year I have played. I don't really wanna type allot out so I'm going to make a pro and con list and simply my words.Pros ++The Open World Aspect- This game's map is sooo huge. That's all I can really say it's ♥♥♥♥ing big yo.+Many Things To Do- I mean there's so many things to do in this game that it's not even funny. From Grinding levels/Money, to AFK leveling, or even just exploring places with friends.+The Servers are the same as the off of steam- Self Explainatory.+Character Customization- Is it bad it took me like 2 hours to create each character I wanted to be? Lol? I mean they have such detailed customization on your character that you could just make it into an austistic ARK Survival character.+Combat- Nice, fluid movements, with learning combinations for all your characters.+Making Money- The Dailies usually gives an item you can just sell to start off by making some easy money. Grinding mobs is pretty easy to make money off of too.+This whole game is general... idk what else to put there's allot more things but it's too early for this..Neutral=Grinding- After a while it gets kinda boring, but from doing this I learned so many combos for all my characters.=""P2W""- Yes this is a company they try to encourage to buy stuff with Pearls, but you don't really have to you can buy stuff off the market or just buy it with loyalities.Negative-I mean just the pay 2 win aspect is pretty expensive, but then like I said most of this stuff you can buy off the market.-The Story in my in opinion is meh.Conclusion- I wrote this review pretty fast, I'd say give this game a try if you like open world mmos that you can play by yourself or with friends. It has plenty of stuff to do in game or if your going out in real life or finding a hot date(Like we are go afk while playing this game lol)"
76561198406004162,Recommended,582660,35212394,Posted: 25 September,all,ZoneShot,beast
,Recommended,582660,32005407,Posted: 27 May,all,Gramps,"Never played before nabbing this for $5.99. My initial reaction is that for an mmo, and apparently a grindy one at that, the thing that immediately sticks out is its combat and that it's better than any system I've ever used before. Haven't played enough of the story to really get a feel for it but ...its there I guess? One thing I immediately did after just starting the game was mute the general chat because it was just a couple of idiots being toxic to everyone with another one asking for all of the, &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TRAPS"". I recommend this game on the combat system alone though.+combat+character creation+No sub price-quality korean grinding-weirdos in chat"
76561198354460045,Recommended,582660,34106698,Posted: 8 August,all,PogChamp,Good game but fix graphical pop in as you move
76561197990673348,Recommended,582660,33805168,Posted: 26 July,all,Xtreme,You really should invest in this node.
76561198189642649,Recommended,582660,32462534,Posted: 15 June,all,sheldonlufc,"So far so good, enjoying it..."
,Not Recommended,582660,32795234,Posted: 25 June,all,Terroriza,"if you want a pure mmo with lots of detail on the mmo side of things then definitely get and you will love it. it feels like fighting / combat is secondary to all the other crap in the game. there is a ton of stuff you will have to learn just to start understanding how the economy and other things work. the servers are horrible and it's extremely rare to find anyone helpful. if you ask a simple question, nobody replies in game. you will have to post all your question on steam or join a guild.i would describe this more as a rpg heavy mmo that mostly focus on the economy with combat as something that the game has in it. if you want a combat game with lots of♥♥♥♥♥kicking and building ur char up this is not the game. there is no freedom in the auction house which is huge negative.if the low price of an item is 18k high 25k, you can't just post it for 14k and dump it really quick. you can only sell it as low as the lowest price.. this sytem makes no sense at all. the lowest price has to be determined by someone posting the crap that low to begin with so why can't you post it lower?if you really want the story and you like these negatives then get this game, it's done very well, but it's not what i expected. i haven't played that much yet, but i have to say that so far WoW is far superior. this game loves to bend the players over and f them. you want to add +16 inventory, you must buy it and it's only for that 1 char.. you gotta spend real $$$ and it's not cheap. then you gotta repeat this for each char you have. to get a few pets and do this 1 time on only 4 char is a good 70-80$. this price does not even account for extra weight capacity items. just a few pets and +16 inventory x1 for 4 dif characters.. Realistically you will need 1 char with +16 x3/4 and then maybe your other characters using just 1 +16. bags might of cost a lot in wow, but they did not cost nearly this much.they need to be slightly less greedy in the approach. I don't mind paying what it would cost to give 3 char +16 slots as a one time purchase if it would give all my chars this bonus. so many damn micro transactions, a lot of it is cosmetic or inventory related. there is no area loot, you have to loot each body 1 at a time. no problem, you can just buy a pet for 10$ to help. the pet only helps slightly. you buy one for 10$ at it only loots like every 4 seconds or so until you level it up which takes a very long time. you need at least 2 pets to help negate the loot issue.I am going to keep playing because I can't return the game and already spent 30$. I hope this review can be changed to a thumbs up. I don't know if i can get past these issues though, especially the extremely limited and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AH."
,Recommended,582660,33329082,Posted: 6 July,all,WHY HARAMBE,10 bucks for a fair enough game
76561197976411316,Recommended,582660,34191702,Posted: 12 August,all,Code.Alien,"All in all, one of the best mmorpg i have played so far..The most amazing part about this game is the action combat.Very intense PvE and PvP. If u like WAR (PvP Team based) u either have to be rich af andbuy/upgrade all ur gears at max to even engage in battle or even make a mark on someone b/cmost of the ppl who  ""WAR"" are the top tier gear players that dedicate their lives in this game.PvE is better then PvP imo.If your the type of person who likes to ""PK or Player Kill"" this is not the game for u unless u want the bullshtiest penalty!Worst part of the game is the Market Place, u have to wait like 10000000yrs just to purchase one item!Also Market Place is based on a lottery system in which players must bid and whoever gets selected btwn multiple ppl, one out of the players who bid will obtain or purchase the item. For Example, 1000 ppl bid on an item, 1 out of 1000 players will purchase the item, which imo is FCKEN BULLSHT!.Graphics is a POSITIVE bc its sooo gorgeous and beau...tiful...Also, no Teleportation all walking or running or horse riding, elephant riding,....takes a substantial amount of time to get to one place to another. Their is a teleportation scroll but the cooldown is 6 hours...which is fcken bsLASTLY,  you will see many afkers....."
,Recommended,582660,34194171,Posted: 12 August,all,Seduction,"Amazing game, great to play with friends. Too bad it steals your life."
76561198133132079,Recommended,582660,32669153,Posted: 23 June,all,Merry Matt,Pretty good
,Recommended,582660,32523503,Posted: 17 June,all,Unbreakable! 💩 IDLE SRY! :3,"Pretty guuud ;)DISCLAMER:The Steam version of Black Desert Online requires the purchase of the game from Steam as well as the creation of a new Black Desert Online account. Pre-existing Black Desert Online accounts created from methods other than Steam will not be able to play via Steam.You can bypass this with a bit of programming knowledge, however i do not recommend this for ""normal"" users! Another bonus with the bypass is that you can make the game autoupdate without opening the launcher!"
,Recommended,582660,35325715,Posted: 29 September,all,Nozzor,ADDICTING!
76561198072988680,Not Recommended,582660,34332703,Posted: 18 August,all,lewisefur,"Great game. That is until the last patch anyways. Went from an average of 30-40 fps, down to 1-5 fps. Rendering the game completely unplayable. Sent in a ticket. They requested info, sent them info. Still no reply. Forums are blowing up right now with tons of people experiencing the same exact issue. More likely to see new pearl items put up before this problem is fixed."
76561198064454676,Recommended,582660,32056542,Posted: 29 May,all,UltraLORD,Great game with friends. Achivements not working...
,Recommended,582660,32051703,Posted: 29 May,all,Marshall Banana,"Well apparently its hard to get a different looking outfit/armor without paying real money. Also some other things, like an automatically looting pet you can only get from the cash shop originally as far as I know.Still, I bought it for 6 euros and even though I probably shouldn't I kinda like it. Some of the random npcs felt really alive and interesting even with only a couple of lines of text or speech and a little bit of animation. The enemies dont seem to be a challenge until late game so its more like a game to relax with I suppose. Not your typical mmorpg I'd say."
76561198035144457,Recommended,582660,32051938,Posted: 29 May,all,ThatOneGuyYouKnow,"So figured I would chime in with my experience so far with Black Desert, Currently as you can tell only at about 18 Hours in so I would consider this still very early impressions, Just to give some background I come from mainly playing EvE online played it for years, Plus Rift and Guild Wars for a few hundred hours each. So I will give my experience and how BDO can realate to these other MMOs.First Off I wouldn't consider BDO a very good MMO so far there hasn't been anything to draw me into getting into a guild or clan or anything, You don't hear about the thousand player battles like EvE you don't have the need to join up with enough people to be able to defend a wormhole, or mine enough to support building ships. Unlike Rift guild wars or other MMOs you also don't really feel the need to join up to go on raids, dungeons etc. (hell so far I couldn't even tell ya anything other than world bosses which meh). BUT! What it is so far is a very good single player game with a bunch of lunatics running around to liven the place up, not to say you can't do the normal MMO stuff just to say 18 hours in I don't really feel the need so until then it's a good if grindy single player game.Second be warned unless you come from something hideously complex like EvE you will probably hit a pretty decent brick wall, The life skills and random crap you can do from hiring workers to run your shops to trading and everything else could get down right confusing very fast, But thats where you have to take your time at first read guides and just try try again. It is not for the faint of heart or short of patience, The combat is also just about as complex but we will get to that in a second.Third the combat is fantastic if you like any games that play in the vein of action games such as arkham knight, bayonetta and others, while not quite as score oriented the combat would feel just at home, It's all about combos and, in some classes dodging, I choose musa and I find myself not relying on armor or defense so much as just getting out of the way and hitting hard.I guess thats about it really There is A lot to this game if you don't have much patience I wouldn't bother but if you have the time and patience and don't mind the grind you will fall in love, Plus good lord it's cheap I even splurged on explorers pack and I'm perfectly happy with the 18 hours I got for $23, So if the Idea intrigues you I would tell you all day just go for it, It will probably be $5 well spent.And Just cause TL;DR Grindy Single Player action Game with MMO Elements you can ignore and very nice combat and some nice complexity. Reccomend any day.Also quick addendum the story as far as i can tell sucks and or doesn't actually exsist. So yea don't expect that, the black spirit is kinda entertaining sometimes though."
,Recommended,582660,32051436,Posted: 29 May,all,The Chinkster,"fun grind, great mmo. you can customize your character however you want :) better than swtor and wow in my opinion"
,Recommended,582660,32795512,Posted: 25 June,all,Cire,best mmo I've ever played
,Recommended,582660,32420307,Posted: 14 June,all,McFly,It's a great MMORPG for the casual player but if you're looking for raiding or diving into dungeons then this is not the game for you. Other than that this game is really really easy to get into and enjoy. The combat is hella fun and the graphics are amazing. I am not having any connection problems.TLDRCasual gamer? This game is for youLooking for a hardcore mmorpg? This game isn't for you
,Recommended,582660,33435501,Posted: 10 July,all,moth,"The only MMO I've played that has fun combat, an interesting storyline, and a giant, friendly community. The little roleplay effects like bumping into other characters or owning a house are amazing. It's not copy and paste like other MMOs are, you can feel the effort put into this game. For $10, it's more than I could've hoped for."
,Recommended,582660,33774572,Posted: 24 July,all,UnderKass ツ <kapka>,11/10 IGN would rate again
,Recommended,582660,33435044,Posted: 10 July,all,ÜberBaiDog,♥♥♥♥♥♥s jiggle 10/10
,Recommended,582660,33433659,Posted: 10 July,all,Disco boy,black ♥♥♥♥♥ online is a game that requires you to...kill things?!?!?!?!?!??!?
76561198018354558,Recommended,582660,33783513,Posted: 25 July,all,The Punisher,"A mix between EVE online, Vindictive, UO, and AA. Very strong economy and thinking is a must. Combat is very action orientated. How key jockey heavy depends upon the class. Trading, crafting, gathering, processing, creating, BDO does it all. Also sailing in a huge ocean with even more content. All for a one time payment of 10 bucks. Only other payments are for costumes and convenience. Strongly recommended for any MMORPG fan."
76561198086543153,Recommended,582660,35299436,Posted: 29 September,all,Execube,Really good looking game whilst still being a fun experience if playing solo or with a friend.
76561198049233475,Not Recommended,582660,34467560,Posted: 24 August,all,Hyerf,"- a lot of features which are bordeline p2w. (pets, maids, inventory space, value pack, maid costume, etc. some of them are availble through marketplace (action house) but is reallyyyyy haaaard to buy them).- few and small areas to grind which leads to a lot hostility from others players.- a lot of afk activities in order to progress"
76561198217369489,Recommended,582660,33010528,Posted: 29 June,all,yeet skinhub.com csgogem.com,Good♥♥♥♥♥game.
,Recommended,582660,33332523,Posted: 6 July,all,L3v3rag3,"Most of the bad talk about this game is nonsense, its worth every penny in terms of a time sink. You pay $60 for new games and only play them like 2 weeks, this game is way cheaper and you get way more time and enjoyment out of it. If you can catch it on sale its a must buy, and even at full price its worth it."
35459046452522441,Recommended,582660,32046965,Posted: 29 May,all,Ibraheem,Too addicting...
,Recommended,582660,34226086,Posted: 13 August,all,Spartan,guuud game
76561198125896358,Recommended,582660,35362467,Posted: 30 September,all,✪ Rydalux cs.money,"Simple Review: Very Good game , End game is okay but it is still entertaining. Tho, the game biggest problem is that its not newbie friendly, which means that it is really hard to get into BDO, but once u get in, you are in for a whole adventure."
,Recommended,582660,32490754,Posted: 16 June,all,Survived Maria BABEH!,Awesome game
,Not Recommended,582660,35358624,Posted: 30 September,all,Kairasam,"Unplayable. Literally, the fame doesn't want to run. Tried everything. The hours registered are the cumulatives I've spent on waiting for the damn xigncode to work...So unless they fix something, ♥♥♥♥ this game..."
76561197989610932,Not Recommended,582660,35360952,Posted: 30 September,all,nitherean,"After spending an hour in the 'Give Us A Family Name' game, I was quite....DONE....with this game.  So much space on my computer and never actually got to the game.  Why?  Because I have to come up with a family name.  Only problem; unless I use 'sdasdfa wew' or 'sasl;klwe' I can't play this game.I can't really judge the rest of the game given this lame flaw of the creators of this game.  I had more fun playing 'No Man's Sky' when it first came out."
76561198022032286,Recommended,582660,32005241,Posted: 27 May,all,Uayvoc,Awesome game Awesome gameplay. so much do to do and not enough time to do it. needs better optimization but overall the game has blown me away.
,Recommended,582660,32005166,Posted: 27 May,all,CrazyCatnipplez®,siiiiiiiiiiiick
,Not Recommended,582660,31965916,Posted: 25 May,all,Saltstorm Jake,Crashes too often.
76561198117820354,Recommended,582660,35401827,Posted: 1 October,all,JDRAGONF125X,Black Desert Online is a very fun mmo rpg where you can create your very own character with its own class and personal custumizations. It has very nice textures and graphics and its combat never gets bouring it is so intense it will keep you on the edge of your seat for the many battles to come.
76561198138028350,Recommended,582660,33167901,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr.Clean,"This game isn't afraid to do something different which makes it such a great game. If I were sum up this game it would be Rune of Warcraft Online. It adds a new and refreshing experience to the MMO RPG catagory, and should be a role model for any new game coming out in the catagory. If you were to ask me.""is it worth it?"" I would reply,""H*** THE ***K YES""."
,Recommended,582660,32967497,Posted: 28 June,all,Goodie,better than runescape
,Recommended,582660,34278035,Posted: 16 August,all,Forfen,An amazing game where I could totally ♥♥♥♥ the questline and just walk in an underwear with a trading backpack twice bigger than me from one end of the map to another.
,Recommended,582660,34279358,Posted: 16 August,all,$uicidalOwl,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing in chat is the real endgame
,Recommended,582660,34278830,Posted: 16 August,all,ZeRO,"Although the game kind of throws you into everything without much explanation, overall it is a great game. The character customization is the best that I've ever seen and the gameplay isn't lacking either."
76561198088758573,Not Recommended,582660,33993242,Posted: 3 August,all,NightWolf062,I don't like it.  It's like Tera and Second Life had a baby and the left it in the woods and Minecraft hillbillies raised it. The combat is fun.  That's all I can say thats good about it.
76561198286655077,Recommended,582660,34794630,Posted: 7 September,all,caiofabra,its very good worth the money and worth the time
76561198078597187,Recommended,582660,35133875,Posted: 22 September,all,athos_genecis,"very good i really like it but it needs some fixing, some times i get this bug where i get DC from the loading screen, other thatn that its really good in all aspects really recomend it :D"
76561198001763597,Recommended,582660,35144167,Posted: 22 September,all,Mob'o'Midgets,I've been enjoying it for several weeks now. It's huge so get in and make friends who can help you out.All in all a good experience.
,Recommended,582660,35029927,Posted: 17 September,all,Viceroy,"I've read over a lot of the reviews on here and most bring up great points including the negative ones but the negative reviews I came to the conclusion are all mostly opinion based. I know I haven't played over 1,000 hours. But it's still enough to say that this game I feel is the best of its kind. Most of the negative reviews fixate on how it's an RNG and takes forever to get stuff done. This game I feel is the first and only of it's kind that makes the game feel like a true grinding MMORPG. Every MMORPG Has some sort of grind to them like wow, but the thing about this game is that it makes you work for everything and most people don't like that and I would tell that maybe this isn't the game for you. I have played a game called disgaea. This game is an extreme grinding game. I have over 2000+ hours in this game. I feel that black desert brings this feel of an infinite end game of content. The RNG to this game also brings more of grind for the game. A lot of people love RNGs feel, of course no one likes loosing to RNG. This game has one of the best character customizations and combat systems an MMORPG can have these days. I feel that every moment in this game was well thought out. Also one last thought. This game is not p2p yes there is a p2p feel with one item but you can progress at slower rate but still make it as a far as a p2p player if you can reach par with a p2p player it is not a p2p game."
,Recommended,582660,35143710,Posted: 22 September,all,Greensmoke,"So far so good, a Classic grindy game, with the normal cash shop items.Review in progress, will update as i play more."
76561198158424712,Recommended,582660,35149780,Posted: 23 September,all,Noobinati,"I am one of those profession oriented players, rare stuff, I know. Boring?- you may ask. Well, in professions in this game I found complexity and an actual chance of making myself more money than grinding would ever make. Many might say that this game has a too complex career system. Let me offer you a breakdown of this:For example, cooking.You start from Beginner level.Beginner > Apprentice > Skilled > Professional > Expert > Master (>Guru ∞)Each stage has 10 levels, and after that you get promoted to the next skillgroup.With every levelup you get a better chance of making higher tier food, more food with lesser ingredients and gain access to new more rare and exotic recipies and cooking resources. You start from making basic beer, from easily acquirable resources and can make some profit, a stack of 100 can sell for about 100k ingame silver. In profession ""endgame"", you can make millions by selling knight meals for example. Ofcourse, it wont be a quaranteed line of profit, you will need people rich enough to buy the stuff.+Pros in professions.- Playermade items are useful in both fighting, grinding and in professions itself. There is a clear benefit in using them.- You gain money (mostly after some time) There is a demand for this stuff.- You can manufacture your own food for your workers (ingame slaves that grind you resources)- You get to grind other professions as well, since for a lot of ingredients you need levels in gathering and processing.- There are some fun guests in even cooking profession too, and you get to travel a lot after rare ingredients.- You get certain resources from only a few certain spots, you dont have to stay put grinding professions.- You can leave your character cooking or AFK fishing while you play another game or while you are away from your computer. You get to progress this way faster.-Negative sides- Selling this stuff with profit is hard. You will certainly make a lot off losses when starting out.- You get additional market taxes for selling your items in the ingame market if you do not have a PREMIUM account that costs IRL cash. This, is just bad business and should be frowned upon.- Grinding takes time. Too much time. For example, an Epheria sailboat needs 12800 logs with artisan processing and harvesting. 12800 logs. Thats +20 hours of just chopping wood. I get it, its a high tier item, but just c`mon. If you would try to get it with beginner level crafting it would take AT LEAST 4x more time.- At some point, you will get tired. I sure did. After you get past a certain level, manufacturing items is just a chore.- High tier items have a much lower demand on the market. You will with some stuff have your items rot on the market for days.- Some items have no purpose. There is no point in making certain foods, because they have no use.- You inventory space and weight limits what you can get by harvesting a lot. And guess how you get more inventory and weight limit? By grinding your stats for days on end, or paying MONEY to get more insantly. The weight system is clearly designed for getting money out of tired players.- Stat system. So, there are stats that you can temporarily increase with potions. Or, you can pay 10$ to buy your character Underwear to increase that permanently...- You can buy a literal fishsuit with 20$ that gives you better fishing skill and a 100% increase in swimming speed.-> you get the idea, its better to dish out real cash to progress faster than players paying nothing."
76561198054838594,Recommended,582660,35151310,Posted: 23 September,all,TIELORDE,So far amazing mmorpg with no monthly subby Im super happy I love the grind and its so beautiful I dont know why its only 10 dollars
76561198353193435,Recommended,582660,32073397,Posted: 30 May,all,SquidRat,This game is so fun and addicting. Recommend it. Only thing that i dont like is sometimes it can be confusing on what to do. or some little glitches.
,Recommended,582660,32072908,Posted: 30 May,all,Hayden,I have this game on the luncher how ever! this game is amazing there really is no other mmo out there like this one... do keep in mind though this game has a huge learning curve there's more to this game then just combat. I highly recommend getting this gameI been playing this game snice beta and i still love it!Important note: THIS GAME IS NOT PAY TO WIN you can easly hit level 56 and have the strongsest gear with out any payments. it's only optinal to pay to get outfits and such.
,Recommended,582660,33025358,Posted: 29 June,all,Bun mr.kitty mew mew,10 hours in and i'm not getting MMORPG tiddies shoved on my face
,Recommended,582660,34540593,Posted: 27 August,all,Elric_Odelman,"52 hours so far, and I'm LOVING this game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,582660,34541208,Posted: 27 August,all,Choma,cash money / 10
,Recommended,582660,34541867,Posted: 27 August,all,Kacpr,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing, if you don't mind the early grind. Game is an awesome time passer and the combat is unique to other MMO's. Slap to cart!"
76561198269099453,Recommended,582660,34591064,Posted: 29 August,all,Luna,"Almost 100 hours in and still trying to hit ""end-game"""
,Recommended,582660,35458844,Posted: 3 October,all,WingZero,Love the Game
,Recommended,582660,35458745,Posted: 3 October,all,War Boy,It was really immersive until the Tim Allen flags started to fly... lol
76561198156283312,Recommended,582660,35389028,Posted: 1 October,all,YOLO360SWAGSCOPE,"Although I consider grinding tedious, i do not mind it. In my opinion, I think this game is one of the best MMOs i have ever played in a long while.Yes, the game is very grindy, but as a life skill minded player, I skip all the levelling to 60 as i stop on 56. My aim as of writing this review is just getting my first T8 horse, then aim for a courser. The life skill alone in this game is why i think it's great. RNG is pretty cancer, though, keep this in mind. If you are a horse tamer, like myself, i wouldn't recommend buying the skill reset from the in-game shop, because it is really heavy on the RNG. Unless you have a lot of money to spare, go for it.As for enhancing, i do not touch this cancer because i mostly buy stuff from the marketplace. If i get a boss gear, i sell it. The enhancing system is a terrible way to upgrade gear.Other aspects of the game, i do not have a say. PVP is something i rarely touch and i'm not in a guild.Even with these negative aspects, i enjoy playing this game CASUALLY. I will recommend this game to anyone who is interested in a great MMO but if RNG destroys your soul, i would stay away from it."
,Recommended,582660,35237520,Posted: 27 September,all,FriendlyFire,"*Best MMO I've ever played. I am a huge fan of MMORPG's and am usually biased toward Japanese productions. However, BDO completely made it to the top of my list.*Some reviews complain about complexity. This is the best part about the MMO. There are guides online but never enough to make you a clone through walkthrough.*WARNING: Everything below lv30 is basically tutorial. You won't feel much difficulty under that.*The devs put in the best of details, such as allowing players to auto-journey and having a journal ingame.*Sweet sweet freedom. You get to choose your job and goals. There are plenty of quests of all kinds, but you are not forced to do them (except maybe 1 for leveling to lv50). Chat filter could be turned off. Nowhere do I feel parented by admins.*Well-balanced leveling. It takes only a few days to get into world boss hunting mode. However, it's still a challenge to reach the level cap. The challenge is enjoyable.*Best of the open-world MMO category. Unlimited potential for the game. You can invest for fun in it and not be afraid of it shutting down in a few years, because the world map can continue forever. Developers are constantly adding new modes. This game feels like multiple games. Honestly, even the character creation by itself could be a separate program.*Stunning graphics. I used to complain about the visuals of the player while riding the horse, but it turned out to be completely accurate! The developers matched the posture perfectly with that of horse racers.*Relaxing music. I basically study with this game on. With the UI turned off, it's like a live wallpaper engine with different music themes.*Guild battles are realistic. Some complain about trouble identifying individuals during the guild battle... yet that's the most realistic part. Unglorified, historic battles were not completely organized. Organization is a skill. Learn it and appreciate the opportunity of a higher potential ceiling."
76561198062767572,Recommended,582660,35459870,Posted: 3 October,all,BieberHole69,"The combat system in this game is awesome!!! The story/dialog doesn't really pull you in, but it's worth the price just to battle enemies. 14 different classes right now, and it makes you want to try them all out. Highly addictive."
76561198049866192,Recommended,582660,35461676,Posted: 3 October,all,Nagisa,I love this game. One of my favorite MMO's in a while. Easy to understand and Fun to play though I've only been playing it a day it is definitley one I won't tire of anytime soon.
76561198036239413,Recommended,582660,32104718,Posted: 1 June,all,Svante,Roleplaying chat discussing about traps everyday 10/10
,Recommended,582660,35499573,Posted: 5 October,all,FlowerDrop,Best Gem Eva!
,Recommended,582660,35499498,Posted: 5 October,all,B I N D O W S     9 5,Great game.
76561197999982103,Not Recommended,582660,34083454,Posted: 7 August,all,Warlander,"Pretty much the worst ""mmorpg"" I have ever played in all my years, not only is the game full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, but the game play is terrible, its extremely complicated. Infact all there is to do is either grind mobs or do crafting in one form or another, it is the most boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥i have ever plated, graphics are good, combat is ok if you like combos. its full of so many artificial road blocks that just suck the life out of you and the game play.and you will spend money just to try and kill some of the tedium .also the repetative audio and terrible acting want to make you shoot yourself. or doing that stupid convo tree with npc's , the whole thing is a disaster. that said it has some great ideas, and it could be cool, its just terrible."
,Recommended,582660,31957405,Posted: 25 May,all,Anime&Chill,Best MMO Combat System Yet
76561198127410180,Recommended,582660,32332308,Posted: 10 June,all,Enjoy YourCellf,"My name is Shoebill, and I like this game."
76561198217503597,Not Recommended,582660,33940958,Posted: 31 July,all,Wind,"This game is just grindy garbage, every quest is just recycled quests. Go here, talk to this guy. Done.Go kill X monster. Done.For hours.This is the second game I ever rated negatively, and if you don't want highly repetietive, grindy content, this isn't for you. The combat is the most interesting part,but begins to get repetitive when you grind with it for no real purpose.The game has a stunning lack of content, showing by the emphasis they put on fishing (which for some reason is a *main* quest type.)"
,Not Recommended,582660,34974504,Posted: 15 September,all,Klemboi,"Do not buy, completely broken game."
,Not Recommended,582660,33258914,Posted: 4 July,all,Rustyandme,Most invasive Anti-Cheat I've ever seen for a game. Simply the fact the game always must run as Administrator should give you pause. Stay away.
76561198358093271,Not Recommended,582660,33277645,Posted: 5 July,all,Tankering2,Isnt really my type of game. A lot of grind for minimal results.
76561198066422617,Recommended,582660,33220483,Posted: 4 July,all,Psycho,Bye social life.
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,582660,32908282,Posted: 27 June,all,BM10X,"For everything this game promised or showed, it was just a big let down.  It's just a little bit prettier version of Aion.  That's all I have to say.  Same old MMO, Rinse Wash Repeat.  Boring.  Generic Monsters, Generic boss battles and overall lame gameplay.  Two Thumbs WAY DOWN!"
,Recommended,582660,32329099,Posted: 10 June,all,Sorroh,Everyone complains about this installing a software to stop cheating but in south korea (where this game's majority fan base is) it is illegal to hack in video games so its necessary.
76561198346201507,Recommended,582660,34768991,Posted: 5 September,all,young goos daddy,great game if you have no life like me
76561198317141097,Not Recommended,582660,32089824,Posted: 31 May,all,JayZero,This game is very unfriendly for a starter. You will feel like everything is a mess at the start!
76561198023732487,Not Recommended,582660,32098314,Posted: 31 May,all,Neutral Evil,"This game probably has potentially: but like most MMO's now-a-days its buried under layers and layers of fluff, overly complex systems, and too much up-front time investment needed to truly get to terms with it. I honnestly didnt give it enough time too really sink my teeth in, but my initial impressions are: the character creator is good, everything else need to slim down. Oh, and the voice acting is absolutely the worst."
,Not Recommended,582660,32140477,Posted: 2 June,all,BROTATO-CHAN,theres only 5 or so armors in the game the rest will cost your 20 to 36 in cash mann so sad it was like this
,Not Recommended,582660,33443801,Posted: 10 July,all,Mashi,Be prepared to farm and farm and farm and farm and farm.....
,Not Recommended,582660,33725422,Posted: 22 July,all,✪pepe shooterツ,grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind grind
76561198056520483,Recommended,582660,32114270,Posted: 1 June,all,Jjax13,Hey here are some free guess passes to try the game!1) IQG5LAP-2CP2OT2-VMSQR8O-OFOAT2) QHHGTMF-6J9KITU-BV8FC5E-2UB613) P7I3S2J-I0KM4RD-AO0L99S-JFHOI4) PPJ7BLT-22IGGTV-QMTS3DN-27BU65) 4TAE735-4TB1C05-BKMFECT-JE91O6) 5AQNMLU-3KOTSMK-ROKUIMR-6O6H47) IHMOFBA-GSTEDD9-KSIBPMK-GS1G18) QEBP65F-L9EJ96K-NRQFU6S-DHFNN9) P4VL3RD-J5TT55C-2F65150-MCREN
,Not Recommended,582660,32945052,Posted: 28 June,all,White Wholf,Would be great if I could actually log in without being kicked
76561198045699643,Not Recommended,582660,33616949,Posted: 17 July,all,Deus° Verve,"Starting this out by saying I got this game for cheaper than it was on the Steam Summer Sale and I'm still mad that I can't get a refund.First of all, I’ll start with the minor grievances. The enemies have about 2 sound clips apiece, and several enemies are recolors. Get ready to hear every human enemy in the game yell “chop chop chop! Chop chop chop!” because you’ll hear it a lot. Secondly, there’s a quest in the game in about the level 30s region that has you finding a hidden room. This does not give you an objective marker, just a direction. Also this takes place in a base filled with infinite enemies. On top of a cliff. In a game with fall damage. Also, fall damage in a game priding itself on its open world. My first two deaths were thanks to fall damage, and my first death was in this exact scenario above. The Player to Player market is inflanted to the moon and back. And here’s something fun that happened! My P2P Market notifications turned on by default, and at some point my on screen quest log disabled itself. So every few seconds I got to hear a jingle and see PLAYER IS SELLING SHINY GEM FOR 1,000,000,000,000 (not exaggerating) but not where I was going or why I was going there. That was an easy enough fix with the GUI option tab at least.Now for my major grievances. If you’re here for the story, I have bad news. Continuing requires your complete trust in a figure that transforms over the course of the game. When I stopped he looked like a ring-wraith from Lord of the Rings and previously looked like part of the final boss of Kingdom Hearts. Literally every character who knows about him tells you not to trust him and he actively censors them talking to you. You have no choice but to trust him or never follow the main story. Secondly, I can’t remember the name of anything from this game. This may seem weird but I played this game a few months ago and I can’t think of anyone’s name or the name of any town or city. I remember these things from games I played YEARS ago yet I can’t tell you any proper nouns from BDO. And eventually, around the mid to late 30s, the story becomes “Creepy shadow guy heard there are some enemies in X location. Beat them up until he says stop. Repeat.” And several of these require you to ‘collect weapons from enemies’ which translates to ‘kill enemies until RNG says you can stop.’ It’s not a guaranteed drop so you can be there for quite a while. And again, that’s every story quest past a certain point up until I finally left and probably further.My biggest complaint though, was this: The Combat Stance and Out Of Combat Stance. If you wanted to climb things (towers, cliffs, castle, etc.), which you have to do a lot of, then doing it in Combat Stance is very hard because you automatically use your forward dodge/dash and can go flying off of high things quickly. See the above Fall Damage complaint. So you can switch to your Out Of Combat Stance where you can’t use any of your attacks or combat moves. Neat huh? Except that if you take damage, you don’t go into Combat Stance. And since you can’t dodge in Out Of Combat, you tend to get stunlocked very quickly. Say goodbye to your health bar! I should also mention falling in water automatically takes you Out Of Combat. It does not do that to the aquatic fish enemies I finally quit while fighting, who can attack you while in water, where as established you can’t.Special Note! I edited this review twice, first I made an error regarding my play time, and then I realized I forgot this important bit of information! Let’s talk economics. Now if you’ve played an MMO with a backpack limit before than you should be familiar with the Bank. Normally a convenient means of ensuring you can carry as much as you want without risking having to make tough calls between what is thrown out for more room. But convenient isn’t a word in Black Desert Online’s dictionary. The banks in any given town are not connected. Just walked halfway around the world and bought a new house and want to put that chair inside? Well tough luck cupcake go walk back to where you left it and back. Also you may recall I mentioned inflation. Any profit gained from selling on the market is sent to your bank if it’s above a certain amount, 1,000,000 I believe. Here’s the problem. It Is Impossible To Get All Of Your Money Out Of Your Bank. If you left 5,000,000 lying around, you’re leaving around 5K behind. This can all be circumvented however if you check every Node between two banks, spend a point system you have a finite ammount of, and have a caravan carry your goods between locations… except that again, convenient isn’t a word BDO knows, and your caravans can be randomly attacked and robbed, so you may as well not even bother.All in all the game showed promise and then devolved in to a “How Not To” checklist of terrible design choices and an incredibly cliché story with no soul. I don’t even think there was ever I character I cared about. I recently got God Eater and cared about the main cast in minutes. I have 27 hours in BDO and everyone could die for all I care. As a matter of fact, so could this game."
,Not Recommended,582660,33759572,Posted: 23 July,all,TANGO ALPHA ROMEO,it sucked
,Not Recommended,582660,32554730,Posted: 18 June,all,Crimson Fury,"Game is like eve online cira 2007, beautiful graphics with too many overly complex systems that they do not explain to anyone.Dont buy this game unless you are prepared to alt-tab to google every 5 seconds to figure out what the hell is going on; its a damned shame too because the combat feels great."
76561198027715837,Not Recommended,582660,32797105,Posted: 25 June,all,Macho Man Randy Savage,"This game is really fun. It's gameplay is smooth and responsive, but you can't play the game to its full extent unless you are willing to pay. You have a limited amounr of space in you inventory plus a weight limit to your inventory. If you want to expand it you can pay to expand each individualy. Want to wear a hat well they are invisable unless you want to pay for one that you can see. If you are willing to pay for a complete experience then this game is awsome."
,Not Recommended,582660,34348176,Posted: 19 August,all,Minty Bunbun,"So far, I actually enjoy this game a bit, but from the reviews and some experience I've had with the game, it seems like this was a waste of money. There are some flaws in the game, right away, like gender-locked classes.. EVERYONE hates gender-locked classes, it's unnecessary and annoying, like wanna be an archer and you're a male? Well, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ archers are only female in this game. Wanna be a sorcerer? Nope, only for females. Wanna be a Male Dark Knight? Welp, good luck with that, only for females.I absolutely hate it when MMOs do that with classes, it takes away so much fun for people who don't want to play as the opposite gender. Is it so hard to make a class that doesn't belong to one gender? I mean seriously. It's unfair and probably seems sexist to some of you.Maybe if you can make the character flat-chested, it wouldn't be THAT much of a big deal to me, but nope, you can't.Other flaws are like, you have to buy pets with real money, like it's not that big of a deal if you don't mind looting stuff yourself (like me).. Then there's like.. The game's quite limited, like everything sucks after level 50 from what I've heard. There's also no fast travel which is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ This game is also quite a grindfest, which I don't mind, but it gets kinda old after a while.And as a personal thing from me, if you like making attractive characters, well, you're going to spend 5-10 hours trying to make your character not look like a potato.. The females are the easiest to make attractive, but the males.. holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ they are a massive pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to make look decent.. I still haven't figured out how to make my Wizard look decent.Basically, this game is very flawed, and I'd recommend a lot of adjustments implimented into this game before I actually consider it good.(Also, please don't leave rude comments, I will instantly delete them as soon as I see them. Yeah, I get I don't play as much as you guys do, but I am still entitled to an opinion. If you don't like what I said just leave. )"
76561198026711285,Not Recommended,582660,35399625,Posted: 1 October,all,FeelsBadMan,"UI is garbage rofl, refund insta"
,Not Recommended,582660,32628004,Posted: 21 June,all,NA NASTEPNYCH ZAWODACH,you have to spend 40euro for 4 pets to grind mobsgame is really good but this is a joke
,Not Recommended,582660,33118664,Posted: 2 July,all,Saftcore,"Thought this game was going to better after the massive fail of the publisher. But nope, still same old boring grind and pay to win ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mmo. Don't buy this."
,Recommended,582660,35284092,Posted: 28 September,all,Xelyo,This game is basically Soul Caliber the MMO. 10/10.
76561198084946995,Not Recommended,582660,35239562,Posted: 27 September,all,iKrazyness,1/10
,Not Recommended,582660,34400783,Posted: 21 August,all,BENJHIII,I have never felt this alone in an MMO
,Not Recommended,582660,32242136,Posted: 7 June,all,okimarobot,"Its like eating fish with bones in it. some nice things. overall not worth. oh, and it covertly installs a file that sends your data [up to keylogging your bank  website password keystrokes] to a shady company in korea..... so ya.. don't get this."
76561198059922374,Not Recommended,582660,32096973,Posted: 31 May,all,Mr. BananaQ,"This game does not want to open, i have tried everything. I tried restarting steam, restarting my computer and even uninstalling and downloading the whole game all over again. It would not work. Please return my money back"
,Not Recommended,582660,32180484,Posted: 4 June,all,☣ HeroSindrome,"The interface of this game is a mess, and that's instantly a red flag for me. The on-screen tutorial pop ups that can't be disabled are also a red flag for me. The game itself is beautiful, and the character creation is nice. But that alone isn't enough to justify the tedious nature of the opening of this game. I feel as though they don't want me to actually play the game, but to read a bunch of annoying pop ups every three feet. I can't do it. Uninstalled. Refunded.I would recommend this game, as the gameplay (what little of it I played) is fun, but there's too much in your way in the beginning to make this fun. Let me learn and play on my own. That's part of what an MMO is about. Stop bombarding me with your crap."
76561198017015197,Not Recommended,582660,34324705,Posted: 18 August,all,dathey88,This game is complete and utter trash! The game doesn't tell you anything and the community is full of PK! If your low and want to grind up GOOD LUCK! Gear is insanely hard to upgrade and there is hidden stats on almost everything. Some stats aren't even in the game. You just have to guess based off of nothing. I got to 59 with a 420GS and just can't take it anymore! The only thing to do is grind..then grind....then grind some more! Save your time and money and pass this piece of garbage up!
76561198132390955,Not Recommended,582660,35487267,Posted: 4 October,all,Vapor.wav,"50 GB file size takes DAYS to download.You finish downloading the game and start it up, and it demands that you make not only a ""family name"" but a character name on top of that, before you even begin customizing a character.Almost every name you can think of WILL be taken, because a single person has to name a character twice.So after finishing naming your character, you realize that you can't change your family name.If you messed up and just spammed ASDSDFSD into the box to get straight into character customization, well GUESS WHAT! There's an item in the cash shop to fix that for you. But wait, there's more. It's $12. To change a name. $12. That's more than you'd pay for this game.Basically this game is a blatant cash grab. The combat is clunky, and the graphics are no more special than any other free to play MMO.My biggest regret was actually being excited to play this piece of crap after waiting 3 days."
,Not Recommended,582660,32965688,Posted: 28 June,all,God of Spoons,It's not very good.
76561198119546608,Recommended,582660,33912683,Posted: 30 July,all,Viagra Falls,"Do you ever just stare deep into your soul at a mirror overanalyzing your life? Deep in thought, just wondering, pondering even; over what is and once was? With all these memories flooding in, you can't help but feel lost. This happened to me and during that small silent exchange with myself, I feel like a part of me went missing. I walked into the bathroom and looked at the cornerside wall. On that wall was a mirror, and on the mirror, my hideous face. I stared deep into my own eyes. During this intense macho-man staring competition I couldn't help but feel regret. I had entered this small world within myself. It was a barren and bleak space, consisting of nothing but solemn and disdain. Deep inside my head I rocked back and forth while many faint and distant memories replayed. I couldn't help but remember all my missed opportunities; how would today be affected if I had made different choices back then? Would things really be all that different if I never held back? These were all questions I entertained silly in the back of my mind. Then it happened, I remembered Judy. How would today be if I had Judy by my side, I wondered. No matter how many years have passed, I still can't help but think about her. Her long and wavy black hair, her gorgeous blue eyes, her beautifully sweet smile. I couldn't let this go on any longer, this self torment. I had decided from that moment that I would pick up the phone and call her; I promptly left the bathroom. Now, I know what you're thinking, well, what happened?! Well, I'll tell you what happened. I ♥♥♥♥ed a dead moose.Oh and this game is pretty good I 10/10 recommend."
76561198042999537,Not Recommended,582660,33831300,Posted: 27 July,all,Minert,"The UI is super korean garbage.Tooltips will never go away and will sit right in the center of the screen.Controller support does not have 360 degrees and tilt senitvity, instead you have 8-directional button presses on a joystick.Rebinding controls is awful since they didn't separate any of the inputs into dropdowns.For the beginning you are litteraly stuck following a line.The ""amazing"" character creator is good if you want to make an asian character, but anyone else is going to take forever."
,Not Recommended,582660,34077982,Posted: 7 August,all,Schzym,"This game is fun for like, 3 weeks, until you hit 56+ and you have to grind out the bosses and silver to get the best gear, it gets pretty unfun, and lets not forget the karma system which punishes you for PvPing in the open world and not the hot mess thats the Red Battlefield,Poorly OptimizedPoorly Balanced PvP, as you don't have to do much as Tamer, and let that dog do everything for youI mean it's not all badThe combat system is a breath of fresh airThe chat is always on about Traps and suchall and all about a 4.5/10"
,Not Recommended,582660,32791039,Posted: 25 June,all,ChaosBlades,"If only this game had quest givers like SWTOR, a less cluttered User Interface, and didn't run like crap when a decent number of players were on the screen.Pros:-TERA style combat but with combos! It is tons of fun.-Graphics look nice-TONs of content (from reviews and people I follow that play the game)-You are not swapping gear every few levels. Even as level 1 you feel and look like a bad♥♥♥♥♥-Servers are very populatedCons:-Just like with every other MMORPG you look at a decent group of players and the game will turn into a slide show and 1 CPU core will be at 100% while the others go on vacation.-The User Interface is really cluttered. It feels like EVE Online. You can't really take in the graphics when there are 50 million little icons and windows all over the screen.- The game tries to hide the fact that when you are talking to a quest giver that it isn't exactly like WoW. Instead of having a small window with some text and an accept button this game puts you into a cinematic view and forces you to click next for what seems like every sentence the quest giver says until you can finally get to the accept button.-The voice overs are obviously there just to tick a box. They are so bad I don't even know why they tried. They don't even match up to the subtitles when something is even being said.-The tutorials are extremely lacking. It tells you how to walk with WASD but doesn't explain almost none of the complicated systems this game has. If you play this game prepare to spend a few hours on YouTube at minimum."
,Not Recommended,582660,33650940,Posted: 19 July,all,pizza.exe,"Really bad, I cant start it and the help support guys dont do anything at all."
,Not Recommended,582660,33045344,Posted: 30 June,all,animefan1999,"PROS: great combat, looks amazing for an MMO, guild battles, expansive worldCONS: very boring story/quests, no player trading, almost no way to interact with other players outside guilds, runs like dookie, installs invasive anticheatoverall 6/10, I'd say even Tera is better, at least that lets you queue for dungeons in the early game with other people"
,Not Recommended,582660,33794120,Posted: 25 July,all,Mooshicks,"There isn't a whole lot that's special about this game. The character customization is detailed, but it's like they spent 80% of their time getting that part of the game well and only 20% of the effort on the rest of the game. The voice actors are terrible, there are plenty of typos in the dialogue, and the story is thin.4/10. Do not recommend."
,Recommended,582660,32140241,Posted: 2 June,all,breezybreezybreezybreezybreezybr,Boob physics and waifus
76561198142120019,Not Recommended,582660,33671990,Posted: 20 July,all,Golila3,Really good base game with way too many bugs and an extremely incompetent dev team
,Not Recommended,582660,33175349,Posted: 3 July,all,Soul,"The games physics are unique I love it, it as so much to learn and enjoy, but in the end of the day I ust couldn't play the game because there was to much pay to play.I say pay to play and not pay to win because cash shop items don't effect combat stats, but it does effect everything else, you can NEVER get max inventory space, carry weight, or pets without real life money which are essential for getting around the game without constantly wasting time managing items.Other pay only items give you stats like luck or skill level which again don't effect combat but make life easier and they leave little room to get these things without paying cash.Overall I love this game it's great there so much to learn and do and you can even play well afk which is nice for people with busy lives, but you need to spend to much money to actually make the game enjoyable which drove me off.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Post Review Edit:I want to update my review because a developer responded to my feedback which is a really good sign for the future of black desert.He mentioned how some cash items can be found in the Marketplace, or found in the loyalty Store which is true, but it's not ideal at all and here's why.Unless thigns have drasticly changed since I last played getting a cash item in the marketplace is as hard as getting a popular Nintendo item because they are scalped like no tomorrow, you'll have to park mutiple characters at multiple markets and make sure they have tons of money then INSTA switch once the item you want is posted and hope to god you're lucky enough to get it which can be never if you have my luck.As for loyalty store if you wanted to max you're inventory space on one character you'd have to log in for I think it was around 3 years and that's just one character...? In no world is that ideal and you need better ways to earn loyalty points.And just wanted to drive on what cash shop items you can't get in game and how it effects you. There are some outfits that you can only buy in the cash shop which give you things like bonus fishing or invisible name tag which can actaully help in pvp again you can't get these in the marketplace.Also Pets you can only get pets through the cash shop except for some rare pets that are achieved  through events but you'll never get the exact pet you want that way and that's only about 1 pet per year so you'd have to play 4 years to get max pets that way.... So pets also offer stats, and pick up items making the game allot easier to just run through without wasting time other things. There's also a pet breeding system to make them stronger but both your pets randomly die when breeding so you'll need to pump out 100's of dollars to ever get the best possible pet. again no in game alternative will ever let you grind your way out of this you need money."
76561198173350114,Recommended,582660,32667423,Posted: 22 June,all,Manticore,If you're like me and have nothing else to lose IRL then this game is for you.
,Not Recommended,582660,32401535,Posted: 13 June,all,Kryptan,"Waste of $10... Dont get it, if you like a game that has a point to it other than leveling up"
,Not Recommended,582660,32401925,Posted: 13 June,all,Chaotic_Monk3y,I cant even verfiy my account to play the game and I keep getting the same verfication code when I resend the code
,Recommended,582660,34179453,Posted: 11 August,all,BinkieMcFartNuggets,fat weaboo loser sim 2017
,Recommended,582660,32346180,Posted: 11 June,all,Spatula Khan,spent most of my time creating characters
,Recommended,582660,35278239,Posted: 28 September,all,domn_a,An MMO where you can play however you want it. Highly recommended!
76561197991936744,Not Recommended,582660,32416445,Posted: 14 June,all,puffaliaz,"Let's ignore the rootkit issue for now. I decided that I could live with it and tried to play this.My downvote is for this: NOT FOR PEOPLE WITHOUT SUPERCOMPUTERS, INSTANT INTERNET SPEEDS, AND MORE LUCK THAN A FIELD OF MUTANT CLOVERS!Now, I don't have super-fast internet speeds, but I'm fast enough that I have no issues with other MMO's.This took forever to download, but that's okay. The size I can live with for the quality.So, I download the game, launch it, and... Error 2. What's this? I click the ""more info"" button, and.... their page says nothing about it. Turns out to be something about timeout between steam and them. That's annoying. Start the game, Error 2. Repeat for a couple hours, restarting steam and validating files, and trying other games. Finally get to a screen asking about if I have an account. Click the button to create.... Error 2.I'm determined by this point to get into the game. Hopefully once I've registered and in the game, there will be no issues between steam and them, right?  I fill in my details and create the account, and I now have to enter an emailed verification code. Still getting Error 2 every time I want to advance, but I keep clicking it forever and hope something happens. Suddenly, I get something new: Error 112. Something about validation... so, maybe something went wrong. Re-sent my validation email, and... they give me the same code? what gives?. A quick google says that this error is just an issue on their end. great. Now I get constant issues between steam and them, and with them on their own. This has taken hours, and I haven't even hit the main screen yet.Eventually, I get the game launched. I fiddle with settings, lowering and optimizing. everything seems fine. Connect to a server.... times out within a second. try again, same thing. They don't even seem to want to give it a bit of time.The next day rolls in, and I try again. Servers seem rather empty now. I connect, have a character made, and try to log in. lost connection to server. Oh, and guess what? instead of just going back to character select, or to server select, or to the main menu... it quits your game. Really?I do this a few times, and decide instead of clicking the connect on the bottom of my screen, I'll click the connect button on the character. Bit odd having 2, but not unusual. This time, it gives me options for things like detail, screen vibration, pathing, etc... why is this different from the connect on the bottom? Oh well. Manage to actually get into the game this time! and.... connection lost. quits the game.I can play games of higher quality than this. online. I've played games with servers across the pond. I have never had such issue trying to connect, even a few years back when I had dial-up speeds.This has all been a frustrating waste of time."
,Not Recommended,582660,35365224,Posted: 30 September,all,helsbryy,it's a very good mmo don't get me wrong...  just too addicting i'm happy i quit a long time ago
,Recommended,582660,34939835,Posted: 13 September,all,Vsmdragon1,The universal what-the-♥♥♥♥-am-i-supposed-to-be-doing simulator.Keep it up... whoever the ♥♥♥♥ made this game
,Not Recommended,582660,34092298,Posted: 7 August,all,AmusedKakashi,"I wish I would have loved this game like every other MMO I've ever played, still, it is pretty disappointing. When I first started I thought it was pretty fun, but after some hours I realized it was repetitive and boring for me, it is all about grinding and the story is literally pointless in some aspects and is not interesting, since this game is all about combat and PvP. This game is for a certain kind of people, those who want to combat, afking and etc, if you want an awesome story play The Elder Scrolls Online, the combat is acceptable but the story is amazing and really deep. If you are interested in the game, search! YouTube, Reddit, anywhere, search. If you want story, play TESO, if you want combat and PvP, BDO. Hope I helped"
76561198138114016,Not Recommended,582660,34260256,Posted: 15 August,all,[82DK-M]AngelAffinity,"its anti cheat is spywear, that you have to manualy delete dont risk it"
,Not Recommended,582660,34806532,Posted: 7 September,all,Kurai Kitsune,"*Bought the game, installed it, freezes everytime I try to login to my character, PC can play Elite Dangerous on everything max(with 16x AA) at 45 fps, but can't load this pile of trash past the character screen on the lowest possible settings*$10 going to something more stable. Really wanted to try this game out, but not worth the headache of finding fixes that actually work so I can even play the game.EDIT: So apparently Advanced System Care doesn't like the game and screwed up 6 files, but this is still a negative review for the fact it made my program think it had trojans -.-"
76561198016525546,Not Recommended,582660,35422729,Posted: 2 October,all,Elu,When a smipel thing as i can't set the keys up for mine playstyle. I can't support this game and will think hard about buying a game from the game developer in the future.
,Not Recommended,582660,35084640,Posted: 20 September,all,coup de grâc3,"typical korean grindgame. if you enjoy this type of game, well lord have mercy on your sad soul"
,Not Recommended,582660,34430330,Posted: 22 August,all,Necramancie,"The classes are gender locked and family names are nigh impossible to obtain. Truly, this game has nothing to offer other than beautiful graphics."
,Recommended,582660,32147829,Posted: 3 June,all,Shiroi,Fun game strange community also p2w a lot
76561198033925568,Recommended,582660,32898935,Posted: 27 June,all,shemerson,"i like this game so much and want more people to play. i cant go over how wonderful it all is in just a few paragraphs! but if you guys want the game heres whats up: im a new streamer on twitch and since there is a steam sale right now i want to do a huge giveaway (like10x copies of this game) when i hit 200 follows to people who really want to play and love mmo's. i stream a lot of league of legends and other games but not enough of this one and i would love to make a guild with people who want to play, currently i have 5 other friends and some viewers who just started and its awesome! so come join the hype train and geet you a free giveaway copy! everythingshemerson is my twitch name.https://www.twitch.tv/everythingshemersonlets goooo! =D"
,Not Recommended,582660,33174579,Posted: 3 July,all,Kallo,"its RNG life simulator, wouldnt recommend it. grinding and pvp is fun as ♥♥♥♥ but the rest of the game is just way to ♥♥♥♥ing tedious and annoying, it heavily outweighs the fun in the game."
,Recommended,582660,33017675,Posted: 29 June,all,NEΛ∀EH,traps are gay and my alienware prebuilt PC is superior
76561197983356695,Recommended,582660,32600187,Posted: 20 June,all,Spunkyz,Best MMO i have ever played hands down!!
,Recommended,582660,32185711,Posted: 4 June,all,alphasquad45,Just buy it already
,Recommended,582660,33493890,Posted: 12 July,all,SNEAKY_URKEL,uhh
,Recommended,582660,32998869,Posted: 29 June,all,Enyy* farmskins.com,Funny and interactive.
,Not Recommended,582660,33486263,Posted: 12 July,all,BlackAiden,"it would be nice if i didn't keep getting disconnected from the game when i barely load into the game. The little i did played seems like a nice game, but i keep having connection problems."
76561198079536641,Not Recommended,582660,32581911,Posted: 19 June,all,Xiao Ninger,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,582660,32603570,Posted: 20 June,all,Terry A Davis,Can Play as Black Weaboo Gandalf Does anymore need to be said?
76561198031015942,Not Recommended,582660,33752290,Posted: 23 July,all,SeaQueen,The only thing drier than the desert in this game is the companies internet connection.(Constant disconnnects on every channel except for 5)The game itself is pretty good though.
76561198126073999,Recommended,582660,32229133,Posted: 6 June,all,Bob The Builder,"Best MMO/RPG you can ever get, it's graphics and fighting is better then any other MMO including tera. Even if you max level on this game, and you can max level if you try, you still have something to do."
76561198002353339,Recommended,582660,33493271,Posted: 12 July,all,Halfway Between The Gutter,heueheuheheueheheueheheueheueh.
,Recommended,582660,32090332,Posted: 31 May,all,unusualGuy,Almost as much grinding as four gay men in a shower
,Not Recommended,582660,32556697,Posted: 18 June,all,SonOf@narchy,"Alright so after around 60hrs of gameplay...Black Desert has some fantastic aspects to it, combat is fluid, levelling can be fast - until you hit lev50. I'm not however going to rave about the good sides because frankly im unimpressed, and the positive sides of black desert dont come close to weighing upto the negative.Unfortunatly, its let down by so many flaws...- The chat system.This is probably the biggest. Chat system is obviously not monitored in any way or form, and its constant spamming of racial discrimination, gay references, appauling language, the list goes on, is absolutlely terrible. I've blocked over 60 users now, but it honestly seems theres no end to the childish endevours that these juveniles take. It is by far, the worst i have seen in over 20 years of gaming. Theres no respect - women hating, talking about stuff i can hardly believe comes out of thier mouths. Its utterly discusting.- Pay to win.While the game is not classified p2w as such, the option is there if you abuse the market\pearl system. Being able to give yourself a dramatic boost in comparison to those who dont spend the $. And it can lead to quite alot of $.- Market system.The market system is also absolutely terrible. The ui can be confusing to new players, and trying to bid for an item that you want could quite possible last hours, and has on several occations. Understandably, theres quite alot of users going for the same items, but a different, more user friendly and efficient system can be developed and im afraid this is lacking a hell of alot in comparison to other titles in the genre.All in all, if you can put up with extremely childish behavior from the public, and the many many flaws that the game has presently, it might be a title worth checking out for yourself - however in my opinion, at the stage its in now, there are much better alteratives to look at.Keep your money until something serious is done to improve the title."
76561198098497211,Recommended,582660,33920239,Posted: 30 July,all,↢,"Wow, okay this will be my first legit review for any game ever. please keep in mind that these sort of games are my favourite kind to play, so althoug imperfect, i may be a little biassed towards it.I was very cautious when considering whether to buy this game or not. The Steam reviews have not been so good so I really fought with myself for two days before crumbling under the pressure and buying it. I mean what's the worst that can happen? I paid $6. After playing for a little bit over the span of two days, i have quickly realised that this game has consumed over thirty hours of my life. I realised that Steam reviews can't always be trusted, considering that this game has less than perfect reviews, but I do know this type of game isn't for everybody. Everybody has their tastes, and I STRONGLY suggest you at least give this game a try. You get a free two hours afterall. I will warn you though, you may easily waste two hours creating a character so i suggest you use a base character and go straight into the game to really get a feel for it. I'll also say that you should NOT go into this game expecting an RPG game. it is NOT an RPG. I would consider this game closer to a Sandbox MMO, due to the fact that you'll find yourself not really roleplaying all that much like you would in games like Skyrim or Runescape even. You can be a fisherman in this game or a trader, but you'll feel the same way doing both of those activities, although they are so diverse. so now that we have that out of the way, I will say that this is one of the best Sandbox games that I have played in ages."
,Not Recommended,582660,34743042,Posted: 4 September,all,✖ Jerry,"For me it feels pretty bland and lacking of any character or personality... feels like a chore to play. Hard to even get the right colours in the character creator (and I love customization, so when I spent over an hour or two just creating a character to find he had a mustard blonde colour hair instead of dark brown like I had wanted, I was pretty annoyed)"
,Recommended,582660,32359347,Posted: 11 June,all,SHY,SWORD ART ONLINE IN REAL LIFE
76561197966874407,Recommended,582660,32654119,Posted: 22 June,all,Wut.Keks,best afkmmorpgfishingsimulator with extreme good fightsytem.....and befor you ask....its NOT pay to win^^
,Recommended,582660,33939772,Posted: 31 July,all,DobermanRF,I only bought this to beat my meat to the character creator10/10
76561198118996892,Not Recommended,582660,33316706,Posted: 6 July,all,Bernie Sanders,"You know it's bad when you can't get past the goddamn tutorial, every single time I would get disconnected from the server and the game would close, thus putting back all the way to the beggining of the game.  Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Kakao."
,Recommended,582660,35206193,Posted: 25 September,all,✪ gondaajh™,It's so fun and cool that i stopped with school to play this game more often ;P
,Not Recommended,582660,33112451,Posted: 1 July,all,GayoMayo,"Has some fresh combat, and some new ideas here and there, but overall it's the same standard MMO.If you like MMOs, then grab it, but if you don't like MMOs and are looking for something fresh to get into the genre, then pass."
76561198410760476,Recommended,582660,34415564,Posted: 22 August,all,zakmohaamed,i did not get my stufe yet can u tell me wht wrong please i payed 49.99 for this
,Recommended,582660,32066266,Posted: 30 May,all,Eugen,10/10.
,Recommended,582660,34512568,Posted: 26 August,all,Mijin,"This game is strictly pay to win, and anyone who says it isn't is an idiot. I've spent over $1000 on this game. If you want to enjoy this gay expect to spend at least $500."
76561197995653268,Not Recommended,582660,34176235,Posted: 11 August,all,ImMobile,I'm going with not reccomended strictly over character balance. They give one class (witch/wizard) the ability to melt people compared to other classes. Until this is fixed I cannot reccomend. The entire game revolves around getting your attack power (AP) and Defense power (DP) to a certain level however if 2 people have the same AP and DP the wizard will be able to take half of your life with 1 spell and ALSO getts buffs to make them so tanky you can't equally do damage back.You have people in chat saying this is not true but you always have those people. (9 times out of 10 they play wizard) Truth is the majority of players know it's ridiculously unbalanced.The problem has been going on forever and the company doesn't seem to find it an issue so.. no more playing from me and I can't reccomend because it's such a crucial thing to have 1 class that can vaporize even a group of people and allowed to stay at the top of the food chain with no intervention from the devs.
,Recommended,582660,32840548,Posted: 26 June,all,Ginger Brat,dank
,Recommended,582660,35305322,Posted: 29 September,all,Daddy Dumbass,It OK I guess
,Recommended,582660,32417447,Posted: 14 June,all,Giomy,"Great overall game, graphics are amazing, the whole atmosphere is great. Only issue is that the developers don't really seem to teach you about other features in the game. Love it though!"
,Recommended,582660,33653014,Posted: 19 July,all,dumb bitch,.
,Recommended,582660,34320244,Posted: 17 August,all,Mr. Pocky,"I mean personally yes, this game has very high potential in all areas. No bugs or glitches so far, so I have no place to say it's terrible. Some say the story is terrible, but I say I would care less about it. It's beautiful even with a decent story.9/11 would play anytime, anywhere."
,Recommended,582660,32036097,Posted: 28 May,all,Kebabino,HOW DO I BUILD A BOAT SO I CAN KIDNAP INNOCENT FISHERMEN?!?!
,Not Recommended,582660,34064604,Posted: 6 August,all,Pixeloite,"For those people who first impressions mean everything here were my first impressions :The game has a pretty cheesy intro in terms of MMORPGS not trying to be anything different from the norm. The graphics look very nice and the graphics are very well optimized, running at a fairly high and constant fps on highest settings. I made a sorceress, and I have to say, I couldn't find any way to customize my face, only my hair. Which is odd, but the hair is well done.In game, you can use 1-9 keys to use skills or items. Most skills can be used via combos to free up space, such as left mouse being the basic attacking and walking backwards while pressing left mouse is the stronger varient.It is very overwhelming at first but the game is made well enough that you can get used to them.The starting area is way too similar to other games, you have the town, then the forest and in the forest are a bunch of monsters, with a path that monsters don't go on. This is WAYYY too lazy for me. It is also too similar to other games.Tl;dr my first impressions were that the game is too similar to other games yet very fun, and since I've only played 1 hour I'm thinking about refunding but also keeping the game as its pretty fun with the combos and all. I don't hate it, don't love it, however humans tend to focus on the negatives and since its like half half I'll just say I don't recommend it.IMPORTANT : Pvp and guilds are a major aspect of this game and I have not gotten to them yet. Check other reviews that have played for more than.. uh.. 1 hour.. for more."
76561198080710181,Recommended,582660,32005340,Posted: 27 May,all,BootyHole Dangers,The first MMO that i've actually liked. The combat system feels amazing and isn't like your typical mmo where you just right click on a enemy and press a key on the num pad and wait till the cooldown for that key so you can press it again.
76561197986989299,Not Recommended,582660,32431399,Posted: 15 June,all,shnen,"Server disconnects constantly, would not recommend."
,Recommended,582660,32019435,Posted: 28 May,all,山姆,You can be Gandalf. Enough said.
,Recommended,582660,32082378,Posted: 31 May,all,Crimzon,I'm not really a fan of these sort of games but this games is amazing.Beautiful MapGraphics GoodStory line is pretty goodHousing systemNode managementExploring
,Not Recommended,582660,33738769,Posted: 23 July,all,Luka,"I say ""NO"" cuz I have had issues with them for awhile now, they have rob me of $20+ for buying the game two times, support doesn't know anything about there jobs on helping people fix there accounts... I will changed this if they help me on getting this game to work..."
76561198142238249,Not Recommended,582660,34651615,Posted: 31 August,all,datajunkie,This game is totally a rip off. There are 5 pieces of armor per character in game. You play the same mission over AND OVER AND OVER the same way with different mobs. The crafting system is real life expensive due to having to pay marketplace money for things to store your crafting and carry it. So between the ugly in game armor and the upwards of 35 dollar marketplace outfits this game should have never been created. If you are a masoquist then this is the game for you because it is going to feel like bamboo shoots under your fingernails...
76561198044923777,Not Recommended,582660,32421767,Posted: 14 June,all,maestroanth,"Just to warn people, while the graphics and character creation is amazingly awesome, there are some serious flaws. The trade route stuff is pretty weird, the town quests they make you to do in order to get community points to get trade routes are not very fun (more lame than WoW kill 10 boars type quests), and worst of all, there are no armor skins!  You will not see much a difference visually in your character between level 1 and level 50.  No MMO these days should have that issue IMO.It's interesting how they try to 'unite' everything, but it just doesn't work to equal relaxing entertainment (which is what I look for in MMO's)"
76561198038350527,Recommended,582660,34419526,Posted: 22 August,all,Mr.Chesterson,"Korean Loli.Played Client and Steam versions. Both times I have found them very addictive to a point.The only issues I have are an absence of Oceanic servers and, disconnecting often enough from servers to be annoying for me."
,Recommended,582660,35249407,Posted: 27 September,all,luodog,"most bad reviews for this game: has 2000 hours, spent maybe like 30 dollars on the game and still gives it a bad review. ok."
,Recommended,582660,34653697,Posted: 1 September,all,clip,yep
76561198029770095,Recommended,582660,35249957,Posted: 27 September,all,Ashgaming,"So let's talk about Black Desert Online.I've only played for three hous so far, and was just trying to figure it out. basic controlls are the same as any MMORPG, and quests are mainly the same. ""go here, collect this, kill that"" but where it stands out is in the way combat works, you don't press a hotkey to cast an assigned attack or spell, there are combinations of keys. for example: ""press q + f"" and there is combo attack, the way combat works is new, and has you actually doing something and trying out different combinations!Then we have the small price you pay to play, and I mean 10 euro isn't that much considering you pay 15 euro per month to play World of Warcraft (which is what I used to do), but for this game you only pay once, and that's it. there are microtransactions that make the game a bit easier, but nothing that really changes the way you play.another amazing concept that I have not yet seen in MMORPG'S is the guild war system, every town is under control of another guild, and these guild can fight with each other. then there is a Node system, that i quite honestly haven't figured out yet. but for the three hours that i've played it's been great.There is a great build up story line quest that will probably keep you questiong for a few hours, and then there are, as always, A lot of side-quests, and life skills (Fishing, alchemy, crafting etc.) to spend hours in. there are rewards for leveling up to certain levels and rewards for total time played (with the highest time needed for a reward being 10,000 hours, so there is a lot of grinding going to be needed for that)Class system is the same as any MMORPG, there are different classes that can wear different weapons, and i'm mentioning the weapons as gear isn't as prominent in this MMORPG as it would be in others, where armour is a prominent feature and is obtainable through many quests. quest rewards in BDO are mainly things like herbs, meats and potions, and sometimes a weapon.For the 3 hours that i've played this game so far I'm recommeding it, as it's really much fun, and i'm probably going to be playing this a lot, even though I should be studying."
,Recommended,582660,35378259,Posted: 1 October,all,PigChemp,pretty good
,Recommended,582660,33583017,Posted: 16 July,all,SunflowerTwix,"9.5/10 Soild game!This game is GREAT! It's filled with Alienware Traps for Days!!!! Sometimes some Freddie Mercury in there too! (The chat community is a bit...heh...odd) Friendly players (mostly, or just sarcastic fun) who are always willing to help!I will update this review as time goes by, but for now it's bed time for me. x3 Great replay value!My only (few) cons:- Microtransactions. As little as they are, I refuse to consider saying ""it's fine!"" when in reality, microtransactions are the bane of MMO existance. I understand why they do it, the base game is pretty cheap and it's a heftily well made game. But still. Even if Minecraft had proper microtransactions, I'd still fault it for it also. Microtransactions in this game are for pets and other cosmetic items. I haven't suckered into the microtransactions (yet) and I don't intend to. I've levelled to over 50 (soon to be several times) and I am just a base-game purchaser. So yes it's possible and it can sometimes be a little grindy, but you also get given free♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game all the time from the devs! So I see it as evening out.- Repetitive nature of certain quests. I hate going back and forth in games as much as the next lazy fps ♥♥♥♥♥. However, in BDO there are times (mostly side quests or just filler quests) where I feel like just disconnecting and playing something else PURELY because of how repetitive some of the quests can be. Then again, that con can be applied to ANY MMORPG game. Not just BDO.- Lack of online documentation. I'm a big fan of understanding what the hell it is I'm doing in a video game. I enjoy working out the 'ins' and 'outs' of the tasks I'm doing and how to be more effecient. Sadly, BDO is very lacking in online dcoumentation for the smallest aspects about the game or the most odd questions you may have. Your best bet is checking the community forums...which let's be honest...nobody EVER feels like going on a forum for help.=== Twix's Seal Of Approval ==="
,Not Recommended,582660,32790930,Posted: 25 June,all,Hon Hon Baguette,"The worst UI I have ever experienced, Couldnt stomach more than an hour of this game."
,Recommended,582660,32785313,Posted: 25 June,all,Clark,Finally finished creating my character!
76561198194735242,Not Recommended,582660,34435875,Posted: 23 August,all,Mahlord,"I gave this game a chance, multiple times...The game itself isn't the problem. The story is catchy, NPC are interesting and the combat system is a lot of fun.But: My problem is that it requires way to much from your PC. I have a good gaming PC, where I can play the Wither 3 on High graphics with 60fps. But in this game? Hell no. I set everything to low and turned unnecessary stuff off, and now I got 60 fps! But for what price?Game crashes every 2 hours. NPC look garbage or don't even appear when I talk to them. As I ride through the world, I see so soldiers walking around. But not soldier! They are just black models and don't load which kicks me out of my mood of really getting into this world.Now I have 3 options: 1. Play this game and try to ignore the bad performance.2. Imagining the whole story and game new and see the black figures as special characters.3. Quit this game for now and propably come back in some years, by the time I decide to buy agaming PC for over 1000€.Sadly I have to go with option 3 I guess cause it's just so annoying.Sorry developers, you did a great job with high graphics and stuff but you forgot the people with normal PCs.*Keep in mind english is not my mothertoung and feel free to advert to any grammar or spelling mistakes*"
,Recommended,582660,34446081,Posted: 23 August,all,Akka die Vögel,"Play this game if you1. have a good pc2. love combat3. love mmorpg's4. have a good pc5. dont mind grinding6. have this huge passion for grinding (the good combat will compensate, for me atleast)7. have a good pcTo enjoy this game fully, you'll need a pc from around €800 or more. A gtx 1060/1070 + a cpu with a lot of cores and Ghz is also recommended. You can scale this game down though, but you won't enjoy it as much.For the gameplay part, it's amazing. Combat is amazing. Lore is a mehh, since I played games like The Witcher 3 and Last of Us.Just check some vids and you'll get a feeling about this game.My opinion:For me, it got boring really fast. It's just grinding and doing quests like 'Talk with him for 50 contribution XP' or 'Slay 50 dump♥♥♥♥♥'. Just a regular MMOrpg. The game looks gorgeous. I can play this game 40-60fps on the highest settings without high-end mode. Honestly, the best character customization from all games (unmodded).Do I recommend this? Yes. I think this is a huge placeholder for all MMO's out there that meet the high-end standards of games, and still have the classic mmo feeling. I honestly enjoyed other games more than this one, but for an MMO, this is a top 3."
,Not Recommended,582660,34596462,Posted: 29 August,all,Raddick Chaddick,good luck trying to play before you log in/create an account for the first time
,Recommended,582660,34804558,Posted: 7 September,all,KnoVolt,"Great, addiciting game. £7 entry fee, but to be honest you'll want 4x pets for convienience (although not a must). That's an additonal £33. I've got more than enough ""bang for the buck"" out of £40 and I've barely started! Considering how other AAA titles are around £60 at launch and hover around £30-£40 afterwards and only last 8 hours and some more if it's multiplayer (+ their DLCs). BDO's updates are all free.There is a value pack that seems like a neccessity, but there are so many ways to earn money in the game (like selling stuff to in-game NPCs, which does not have tax) means it is more of a convienience item. You can see it as a monthly subscription like other MMOs, but unlike other MMOs, not paying for the value pack does not mean you cannot enter the game at all.Just be prepared, there is a lot of grinding to achieve ""end-game"" equipment and gear. It takes time and that's ok - it's a marathon, not a sprint.Overall, great fluid combat and great graphics. Also, you can take a break from killing mobs to working on your worker empire or diving into the many professions. I know some that don't kill mobs and instead focus on a profession or two, because it is more satisfying for them! There are so many things to do, it's hella fun, just take your time."
,Recommended,582660,34690549,Posted: 2 September,all,Gidion,"Its a very good game, i love world open games ! and the concept of the gaame is just my style, if you like what BDO has a suggest you buy it!"
,Recommended,582660,35216680,Posted: 25 September,all,Cringelord_Kit,"Really good horror game, many but not overwhelming jumpscares and some puzzle mechanics makes this game realy good sadly lacking end game content but thats not a problem, salty community will entertain u for unlimited hours"
,Recommended,582660,34670044,Posted: 1 September,all,Mr Sinister,very excellent game also addictive
,Recommended,582660,34692673,Posted: 2 September,all,Pullismann,How to Waste 168 Hours in One Week Simulator 2017
,Recommended,582660,34784911,Posted: 6 September,all,ActuallyFBI,"Pros:FunGameplay is greatCombat is greatyou can do alot like Be a pirate, Be a Hunter, Be a Fisher, Be a Trader, Be a Horse Tamer, Be a Warrior grinding all day, Be a Whale Hunter there is lots to do in this game and i cant name all the things here but its super fun to do most of themCons:ALOT OF GRINDINGStory is♥♥♥♥♥♥Community is toxic"
,Recommended,582660,35162130,Posted: 23 September,all,GewoonRobbie,Black Desert Online is one of the best MMORPG's. Nothing more fun than going on an adventure with your friends!
,Not Recommended,582660,32170903,Posted: 4 June,all,Foxnos,"While to combat is great amazing, it is unfortuantely the only things that makes the game worthwhile.All other animations, mobility, control and general feel of the game is really bad. Character feels clunky and unresponsive when you move.In addition, while graphics are pretty, the aesthetics isn't quite up there.That's not to mention the fact that cosmetics can be sold for in game currency, which can be used for upgrades on your gear. Which is shady enough."
76561198294974819,Not Recommended,582660,32187164,Posted: 4 June,all,salty,Not up to expectations
,Recommended,582660,32547524,Posted: 18 June,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂  VISION.....,Not ok.
76561198119725539,Recommended,582660,32478616,Posted: 16 June,all,"[6th,LA(A)] Pvt.SoccerMom","before redeeming (or should i say before knowing how to redeem) my $50 extra content with the explorer's game, the single game itself felt like a $50 experience. It took me a total of 5 hours to realize that i needed to actually redeem my items. Although they help, the game is for sure not a pay to win. Buying any version of this game will be worth it. The game introduces fun and addictive elements from World of Warcraft with a story one can actually follow and kind-of a beat-em-up time of combat. I may only have 6 hours on this game but it is one of my favorite games and I will be sure to increase my rookie numbers"
,Recommended,582660,33143321,Posted: 2 July,all,Exynos l hellcase.com,"This game is like cancer, but thank goodness i like cancer"
76561197973490260,Recommended,582660,33113571,Posted: 1 July,all,TTHaZaRd,meh
76561198067694966,Not Recommended,582660,33058787,Posted: 30 June,all,Broku,"32 minutes of play time so far. haven't even managed to play. trouble loading due to crashes, then once i fixed that i created a random character just to get into the damn game and i was disconnected from the server instantly. getting real close to refunding before i hit that 2 hour mark."
,Recommended,582660,33333991,Posted: 6 July,all,A Duck With No Arms,Alienware and traps.
76561198165939716,Recommended,582660,32532323,Posted: 18 June,all,☯ Mr. Meditate ☯,"Coming from games like WoW, Neverwinter and guild wars2 this game is fresh and great looking worth the 10 bucks. Does not need to be p2p if u don't make it."
76561198259698611,Recommended,582660,33399275,Posted: 9 July,all,RAZORbution || Trading,wtf is going on?
76561198079650765,Recommended,582660,33407643,Posted: 9 July,all,𝓣𝓱𝓸𝓶𝓶𝔂,"This is game is fun to begin with, but questin gets boring and is hard to follow, also it has lots of anime moaning. up side for some and down side for some, meh :/"
,Recommended,582660,33421212,Posted: 9 July,all,Exxon Mobil,"This Korean MMO is a glorified ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing gambling simulator.Here's how it works: level up so you have more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing points. Doesn't sound like your everyday MMO? Allow me to explain.Black Desert online is in everyway the most average MMO ever made. You grind, you get mounts, you create or join a guild, you get a house and decorate it, you farm or craft goods to contribute to the world's economy, etc. If you have any interest in this game in the first place, chances are you've played an MMO before and you know how they work, and this game works exactly like any other MMO you have ever played.What sets BDO apart from others in its genre are the roleplaying chat and the character (read: waifu) creator. Everyone taking this game seriously knows that it's a complete waste of their time. It's mediocre in every way, the story is dull and uninteresting, combat is mindless, and the most rewarding aspect of the gameplay is fishing. However, BDO has the most detailed character creation system in any MMO. Everything from the 101 bones and muscles in a person's face to the shape, color and length of their hair. Butt, bust, abs, thighs and everything else in the body can be endlessly tweaked both upon creation of the character and at any point during the game that the player pleases. You can even customise your character's idle pose and share it with your friends or download one they made. The same goes for everything else about the model as well.With this nearly limitless amount of player design, what sort of person would you imagine it attracting? That's right, perverted weeaboos. The most self-loathing individuals on planet earth flock to this game like ejaculate on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ girl, running around as the sluttiest or memeiest anime girl they want. These personalities are the fuel to the hatred and vitriol you see scrolling up the RP chat. They have their memes, their losers and their winners, their noobs, experts and diva guild masters. The drama in BDO's chat rooms is boundless.The gambling aspect comes into play when you're having a great time ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing with the only people that hate themselves more than you do when, all of a sudden, you run out of ""energy."" Different from HP or MP, energy is something you use to, well, get more max energy. That energy is then used at a rate of one point per message in the RP chat. Once you run out of energy, you then need to wait for it to refill at a rate of one point per three minutes or you can go kill some mobs to make it recover faster.To increase your max energy, you need to use the conversation (read: gambling) gameplay mechanic. When you meet a certain number of NPCs in a town, your max energy will increase by one or two points, but if you get to know an NPC better by conversing with them, they might be willing to impart some knowlege on you. And this is the basis of maxing out your energy: knowlege = energy. The more knowlege your character hears about NPCs, towns, books, and such other things about the world, the more your max energy will increase. In order to have a conversation with an NPC, you must place other NPC face in a line and hope you put them in the right order. If you did, you win ""amity"" points and you can either gamble those new points to continue the conversation and hope the faces are in the right order again, or you can cash out and try again later to keep gaining amity with that NPC. Mind that each attempt costs 2 energy, but it's worth it if you really want to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ more.This is what you do to continue to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in BDO. This is the gambling you have to undergo in order to participate in the most interesting part of this game.BDO is something to do while you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It's like eating sunflower seeds while watching Netflix or, more accurately,  fumbling with a fidget spinner while you watch anime."
,Not Recommended,582660,33300077,Posted: 5 July,all,Ya Boi Jimmy Fuckin John,game is like a tutorial untill you get to level 56 and the marketplace is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198044170442,Recommended,582660,32230523,Posted: 6 June,all,Blood,Warning: The Alienware Readings are off the charts.
76561197964257285,Recommended,582660,32081995,Posted: 31 May,all,Wally,A breath of fresh air in the world of mmos
76561198083981614,Recommended,582660,32229443,Posted: 6 June,all,Stop Black privilege,+Less grindy then most MMO's+More non combat things to do with a lot of interactive minigames
76561198257486143,Recommended,582660,32110307,Posted: 1 June,all,Banana bird,Just perfect
76561198343603133,Recommended,582660,32584673,Posted: 19 June,all,EZ KATKA,Very good and different for other mmo's
76561197981885519,Recommended,582660,32103657,Posted: 1 June,all,Licmytoe,HIGHLY recommend watching current guides for the game.  LOTS to do/learn.TONS of fun/visually awesome.At the time of this typing NOT a P2W game
,Recommended,582660,32773998,Posted: 25 June,all,Vengeance 220,Where is my horse sim
,Recommended,582660,32701630,Posted: 23 June,all,Bauminator,"I spent hours to create my perfectly autistic character while talkling with my friends doing the same, it has been a while since i had so much fun. 9/11"
76561198387436825,Recommended,582660,32075468,Posted: 30 May,all,パウンド・ミー・パパ,"Uhhh, My game isn't letting me play it? It says one of the files is a virus or something? should I reinstall it?"
,Recommended,582660,32970640,Posted: 28 June,all,Farmer John,idk i refunded it but its cool i guess
,Recommended,582660,32986101,Posted: 29 June,all,Stien,Like
76561198071852243,Not Recommended,582660,32574731,Posted: 19 June,all,ksikork323,Didn't enjoy game waited 9hrs to download it followed by like 2-3hrs of sitting waiting for it just to load after launcher...
,Recommended,582660,33327701,Posted: 6 July,all,Colbub,How the ♥♥♥♥ do I get past the tutorial
,Not Recommended,582660,33361715,Posted: 7 July,all,Dragon Appraiser,"Sorry if this is not a full review since I only have 6 hours on the game. I stopped playing when I found out that there are no desirable outfits in the game, unless you drop about $30 for 1 outfit. I dont mind paying for accessories in games, however this is beyond a rip off. This is just MY opinion, and I like to role play with better visuals so I am turning away from this game. The gameplay and graphics are alright though. And the vast amount of things to do is very well put in."
76561198093972771,Recommended,582660,32881225,Posted: 27 June,all,Shaman,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198271917455,Recommended,582660,33919998,Posted: 30 July,all,85BananaBoy85,Even though I havent played much I can tell this is a great game.. Many things to learn from trading to riding a boat. I usally get bored of mmorpgs about this time but im trying to get all my friends on it. In my opion the only things wrong with BDO are that it is super overwelling. Love this game if you want to buy it GET IT.
76561198034064001,Recommended,582660,32422535,Posted: 14 June,all,rodt,"There are alot of dull and boring games out there, this is not one of them. Now you know this is one of the few actually enjoyable games you will ever find, I will say a little about the game itself.Playing multiple characters: This is actually part of this game, so if you enjoy trying out and lvling multiple characters in games, this game has kindly cared about you. In this game your accounts characters are all one ""family"" and things each does in game and lvls achieved, as well quests, will help all characters have benefits. The special points you get for the strategy component of the game (ish) are shared as well as the workers and node connections - they are family level.Rinse and repeat - people who like to rinse and repeat through different games, like to achieve everything in a matter of months and then move on to other games. I hate being able to do that, since if I like the game I dont wont to run out of things to do in a month or so of playing. No worries in this game, it has so much to do and things take a long time because the mechanics of achievement of things are nice and properly designed. Hence in other games I would avoid doing things because, well, then its over... in this game I can happily do everything not worrying about getting to ""end"" any time soon.Combat - well this game is like it should be an areana style game since it has great combat and controls, but instead you get that with a massive open world and everything else :D, no clicking and waiting or rotations, just epically fun high octane realtime immersion.Anyway since I've only played this game for 300 odd hrs, I have not even experienced a fraction of it, so I cant really say much about the rest of the game, and that is great.Oh, lets forgot about the Xigncode thing people are complaining about; well lets just admit it shall we; since of how things turned out, we install properiatory code on computers all the time and have no real way to protect our gaming computers from doing whatever they want anyway; if you want a secure computer you need another non-game pure FSF computer or something like that. People complaining about Xigncode are just people who think they know something about how software works but really have no idea whatsoever."
,Recommended,582660,33717754,Posted: 22 July,all,♛49♛,Great GameDefinitly try
,Recommended,582660,33708655,Posted: 21 July,all,RuiV CSGO500,Best mmorpg i have played
,Not Recommended,582660,33103190,Posted: 1 July,all,ReappyTV,ehhhhhhhhhhhhhh
,Recommended,582660,34356535,Posted: 19 August,all,Renkazu,Very good game.This game is different from many mmos. its more about grinding and finding your own aspects of the game you enjoy. This can be horses / mounts or gear or costumes or just getting better at several options for life skills. E.g. you go on your first whale hunt and you fall in love with it. You can keep hunting and getting better continuously and improving the same skill.
,Recommended,582660,33037919,Posted: 30 June,all,1,10/10
,Recommended,582660,33041908,Posted: 30 June,all,hogscraper,"Seems like this game is trying to cater to ADD sufferers. I made it to level 20 before I gave up trying to pay attention to everything going on. The game has a lot of positives going for it but nearly everything was tinged with an air of randomness and chaos. Even the combat seemed to be one large mess of explosions and special effects with little in the way of anything that made me feel like I was doing anything but jamming buttons. I gave it a thumbs up because the game is definitely well made and has a lot of cool ideas in the mechanics, but it just felt too random for me to continue playing."
,Recommended,582660,33591544,Posted: 16 July,all,GlobalDeJaVu,"It's not bad at all. There's a lot to this game, so if you're an avid RPG/MMO fan looking for the next RPG/MMO to play and are THINKING about trying this, just do it. You will have fun playing it once you get the ropes a little. There's a lot of ""button mashing"" at the beginning with your combos, but if you intend to play this game a lot... Get good at those combos."
76561198039473909,Recommended,582660,33611760,Posted: 17 July,all,Yung stewwwwww,Pls Help
,Recommended,582660,32020618,Posted: 28 May,all,GeoShock ϟ,It's fun but I just don't get the fuzz about the graphics. It's really not that great imo.
76561198087199784,Recommended,582660,32212414,Posted: 5 June,all,0ne1Punch,too good
76561198125785785,Recommended,582660,32156644,Posted: 3 June,all,JimTheWazard,"Is fun and has boobies, basically a wet dream, however thats dirty so yeah, goodnight"
,Recommended,582660,33490019,Posted: 12 July,all,Void,Big♥♥♥♥♥♥Big BootyGreat Game!
,Not Recommended,582660,33821592,Posted: 26 July,all,Corzix,0/5 Desert isnt even black.
,Recommended,582660,33567396,Posted: 15 July,all,KawaiiEmerald,"Any game that can keep me on it 12 hours straight is a good game. Although MMO isn't alot of peoples prefrence I really do think that anyone who enjoys playing with their friends would enjoy playing this together. Whether its guild wars or just messing around. Another great thing about the game is that you dont have to fight other players and you can be completely civil and, if your into that kind of thing, roleplay. But yeah seriously good game would recommend it."
,Recommended,582660,32561128,Posted: 19 June,all,VR>Dempa<,This is the best MMO out there!!! i reccomend this game :)i luuuuve it!10/10
76561198238815436,Recommended,582660,33568994,Posted: 15 July,all,EK,good
76561198132300995,Recommended,582660,33566810,Posted: 15 July,all,CrewtonzKrillin,do u like street fighters do u like worlds of warcrafts den tis game is for u. it has da betta graphics and u use combos  to eliminate foes like golbins and foxes also they have things like raids called node wars if u cant afford world of warcrafts or fighter on the streets den buy this game by giving 200 water bottles to the grocery store for 5 cents a piece
,Recommended,582660,34140152,Posted: 9 August,all,AegisB,.
,Recommended,582660,34139904,Posted: 9 August,all,Jyxpe,Georgeous.
76561198052474961,Not Recommended,582660,34108137,Posted: 8 August,all,Madmun,Frustrating Rubbish  when you can even get on it i been unable to get on any server recently pfffft! i gonna play something else  not sinking any more  money into this.
76561198049300335,Recommended,582660,34134694,Posted: 9 August,all,Deya,i need more money
,Recommended,582660,32141670,Posted: 2 June,all,Death Star Pumpkin Guy,"HERE IS THE LIST OF GAMES THAT USE XIGNCODE, I'M SURE MANY OF YOU HAVE TRIED SOME OF THESE GAMES LIKE ALLIANCE OF VALIANT ARMS, ETC.http://www.wellbia.com/home/en/pages/xigncode3-reference/BUT A FAIR BIT OF YOU HAVE BEEN GOING INSANE OVER IT LATELY, BUT YOU HAVE TO REALIZE BDO IS THE ONLY GAME IN THIS LIST THAT ACTUALLY TELLS YOU XIGNCODE HAS BEEN RUNNING. I'M SORRY BUT YOU SHOULD DOWNVOTE ANY OF THESE GAMES NOT JUST BDO, BECAUSE CLEARLY BDO IS NOT TO TAKE BLAME AS IT IS NOT THE ONLY GAME."
76561198011174683,Recommended,582660,33005591,Posted: 29 June,all,brycepants,Learning curve is a bit crazy. Hopefully it's downhill from here.
76561198391935435,Recommended,582660,32237501,Posted: 7 June,all,xAnubis,Best thing evaaaaah!cya in game guys
,Recommended,582660,32237621,Posted: 7 June,all,bhegs,I've been playing this game since 4/20/16.This game has one of the best combat systems I've seen in an MMO. And I mean best looking not best functionally.:shockedbs: roasted
76561198148703983,Recommended,582660,33973360,Posted: 2 August,all,THE BISON,"If you were looking for a huge open world game with awesome character customizations, animations and abilities, you found it. Always better with friends."
,Recommended,582660,33976228,Posted: 2 August,all,Minoumimi™,Bought it a month agoI think my play time speaks for itself ;3
,Recommended,582660,33609174,Posted: 17 July,all,MaxD55,Plus-----------------------Big map.-Fun to play with.-Very good and realistic play mechanic.-Better than 90% of MMO RPG-Price (10€)----------------------Minus-----------------------In big levels its very hard to exp.-Sea is very empty and boring.8/10
,Recommended,582660,33030908,Posted: 30 June,all,Frogburt,Best MMORPG I've played so far
,Recommended,582660,34363185,Posted: 19 August,all,Amprax,"theres an overwhelming amount of things you can do, like very."
76561197966203934,Recommended,582660,32761043,Posted: 25 June,all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"Best Combat MMO i have ever played, the combo system is fantastic. You dont need to Questing an eternity for Max lv, 20hours > lv45 and i didnt even focused on levling.You can do so much and its so Complex in all, its just mindblowing.I didnt saw alot MMO´s where you could play a Martial Arts charackter, only fists and feet fight(+ Shoulder)  > Striker< it is.I never found an MMO that i played more then 3-5hours cuz it was to boring and slow or just blank to do all the same quest´s again and again but this one makes fun , atleast for me it does. ^^10/10"
76561198088045666,Recommended,582660,34227554,Posted: 13 August,all,lolicon09,"Needs a loli class/body type. Aside from that, it's a good game with many things to do (many).Combat is a big step forward over other action MMOs like TERA. You don't even need to press 1-0 keys to use your skills; instead you execute them in combos using a few buttons (and clicks), which makes it perfectly playable even with a controller (except for chat off course). Every single skill looks, and feels,  great (in my opinion). You can create some badass looking combos here.Character customization is great for the most part. There are some limitation in color selections (hair, eyes and skin) and hair styles. Also, while face have a lot of things to edit, body is way more limited in options. In the case of Tamer class, there are less options for face and body, compared to the other classes.Graphically, it's just beautiful; Enemies, NPCs, objects, trees, grass, rocks, everything has a great amount of detail. Hell, you can see your character sweating after running for some time, or after you used your wepon and/or skills; or how she/he and the terrain get wet with the rain. Minor details that make the game feel more alive and satisfying to watch.The world in Black Desert Online is a big and seamless map without instanced places (exept for housing), so you can literally wander without restriction and go anywhere.About the storyline, it's.... good, i think. It's not the best main scenario story and things could be better explained, but it's not bad (at least you don't start the game as a prisioner).The ONLY thing i do not like is that, once you watch a cutscene, you will never be able to do it again with a different character. Also, there are steps in quests which get skipped automatically, without even asking you. Personally, this is something that should be changed, maybe adding an option to display/skip the stuff we already watched if we want.I really like this game (more than i thought). I bought it just to see if my PC was able to run it (since it's not a high end machine; maybe not even medium end); and to see how bad it could be, since i usually end up getting bored with most MMOs i play after some hours (except for FFXIV and TERA, those are the only two MMOs i love) but, at the end, things resulted totally different. Now i regret myself for not buying one of the packages instead of just the base game (because there's no way to upgrade in the Steam version)."
76561198078780208,Recommended,582660,33293330,Posted: 5 July,all,Ash Tree,Great animations
76561198095825764,Recommended,582660,32033024,Posted: 28 May,all,Iceaganctor,ok
,Not Recommended,582660,33000011,Posted: 29 June,all,GotYaDude,XignCode is broken gameguard from asia. I downloaded the whole game but Xigncode is blocking me from playing the game. Developers dont know what to do. If you send you xigncode.log tosupport@wellbia.comthere is email bot waiting for you 24/7 and give a useless advice to the problem. If you play the game and encounter this error 0xE019101A first 20mins gaming you just hit the wall. You playing time in bdo just ended. Good luck finding solution the that error from XignCode3. GG WP.
,Recommended,582660,32096274,Posted: 31 May,all,Cenction,"TBH People are saying ""Oh its ♥♥♥♥ing hard to learn"" I hate MMO's. Games like WoW And Diablo i absolutley hate.. This game is different. It was on sale and i decided to try it out. It's pretty fun and different from other MMO's out there, 8/10"
,Recommended,582660,32213566,Posted: 5 June,all,Avismaxima,This game taught me that talking with people requires much more energy than fighting large swarms of enemies.
76561198031794528,Recommended,582660,32056046,Posted: 29 May,all,Theholyevil,"Can't comment on end game, but for now I will comment on it from a nobody who is just jumping into the game for the first time.Black desert graphically and gameplay wise, is amazing. It will charm you alone with it's flashy visuals and combo'ed gameplay along with it's vibrant landscapes.However,YOU must first fight, the UI boss....The UI is a sight to behold, people say the combat is based on skill. Well, if you can get past the UI and ALL it's features, including it's 300 button layout, you might just discover the meaning to life in there too. Good luck."
,Recommended,582660,32056184,Posted: 29 May,all,Ghosty,the game looks cool but what lets it down is how i cannot connect to the servers because i am from new zealand i am to far away to make a stable connection but if u r not from nz than buy it
76561198101954794,Recommended,582660,33190276,Posted: 3 July,all,Kamy,this is very good game :D
,Recommended,582660,34319613,Posted: 17 August,all,SnowJockey,I've really liked this game so far. This is my first MMO and I havent been disappointed one bit! I would recommend it to anyone and everyone. I didn't think i would have this much fun on a game and put so much time into it in a short period of time.
,Recommended,582660,32417527,Posted: 14 June,all,Crown,amazing graphics...
76561198047886891,Recommended,582660,34247748,Posted: 14 August,all,balel75,Love this game!
76561198196203833,Recommended,582660,32493244,Posted: 16 June,all,smoobies2013,Fun Game. 10/10 will keep playing the mindless grind.
,Recommended,582660,32247503,Posted: 7 June,all,SUCCULENTLY MOIST,"Best MMO you'll every play.Combat Style is greatIf you played DFO, this is the 3D version of it. But open world.Buy this. You wont regret."
,Recommended,582660,34699435,Posted: 2 September,all,LamasBla,"Amazing I always have wanted to get super into a MMORPG but none of them could hold my attention. This game caught me since the character creation screen, It is the best MMO I have ever played strongly recommended."
,Recommended,582660,32103431,Posted: 1 June,all,DETK,gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
76561198122824585,Recommended,582660,32103343,Posted: 1 June,all,H4X0R,Lots of nice things to customise ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198204412144,Recommended,582660,34648413,Posted: 31 August,all,Bakaliaros,fix level system
76561198116816132,Recommended,582660,32791957,Posted: 25 June,all,Sm-9208,Beautifully complex with lots to do
76561198011548117,Recommended,582660,32782085,Posted: 25 June,all,Fredddie,"Great MMO!Beautiful Graphics, lots to explore!Good work guys!!"
,Recommended,582660,34185351,Posted: 12 August,all,thomas1,Rated 7/10 Enrique Score.-1 Point because confusing at first.-1 Point for the amount of time it takes to actually learn the game.-1 Point because starts to get boring with no friends to play with.
,Recommended,582660,33171213,Posted: 3 July,all,Kerillian,Vewwy Noice
76561198262600294,Recommended,582660,33642883,Posted: 18 July,all,Duskie,"Amazing graphics, fun gameplay. Do not get if you dislike grinding though, but even if you do there is plenty of quests to do. Just dont expect to level up fast late game."
76561198355650031,Recommended,582660,33643696,Posted: 18 July,all,Greenthumb420,good game
,Recommended,582660,33644120,Posted: 18 July,all,Virreyumi,Nice gameeeeeee
76561198094654481,Recommended,582660,33639800,Posted: 18 July,all,Tae | Penguin,:D
76561198118816586,Recommended,582660,33639923,Posted: 18 July,all,Ghost,10 bucks well hell yeah.
,Recommended,582660,35358073,Posted: 30 September,all,▙ ⨕ ⍱ ⩚,fun
,Recommended,582660,35354734,Posted: 30 September,all,[FD] Dexterous,yes this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awsome i only had it for two weeks and i love there some cons to it tho you have a grind alot if you dont like grinding then don't buy this game this game is not pay to win its is pay to convince you dont have to buy  anything in the pearl shop they eventuly go on the market place for silver coin(in-game curreny) but expect it to be like 20-42 bill(which isnt very hard to get by the way i have been playing for 2 weeks i already got 10 bill)
76561198010298965,Not Recommended,582660,35398705,Posted: 1 October,all,Onih,Gender locked classes.Voices and other sounds repeated to death.I attempted to play the valkyrie. The class was like classes I have enjoyed playing in other games. I hated it… Just can't get past the gender...I also played a bit with the wizard. Everytime you cast any type of spell he makes these terrible exaggerated screams. I turned off voices but it felt like I was missing something in some parts of the game.The black spirit that follows/helps you is very annoying. It will cover up things on the screen while teaching you about them. It makes it very difficult to see what you are supposed to do. The spirit also makes these strange sounds that are repeated over and over and over while you are interacting with it and when you have some menus open.Mute all sounds if you play.
76561198154888001,Not Recommended,582660,35394265,Posted: 1 October,all,rbgnft,the graphics is really good and the attack and ability is really cool too but the gameplay is just repeat take quest>fight>finish quest>take quest... and just keep going until you get boredthe friend and party system is just really useless you can't do the same mission with your firend and there are no way you can play with your firend so if you wanted to play with firend just don't get thisthe ai is so dumb that make this game too easy so there are only item and gear differentit make this game no skilli didnt try the PVP system yet becasue you can't try it you need something to unlock that
,Recommended,582660,33906806,Posted: 30 July,all,{PF} Futon,"This is a game that won't be for everybody, but you can look past the game's flaws, it's one of the best MMO's around."
76561198305629021,Recommended,582660,34603963,Posted: 30 August,all,XiXvi,You can love this mindless game with no story or just enjoy what's in the game.  I'm crazy for buying this when I have it already. But this second character could help my primary or let me friends play when they're here.
,Recommended,582660,34659538,Posted: 1 September,all,zor,"Not p2w, good balance between life skills and combat"
76561198256590521,Recommended,582660,34986129,Posted: 15 September,all,n.e.m,"THE MOST ADDICTING GAME I SWEAR ITS AWSOME/ A PAIN IN THE BEHIND:I bought this liked it then stopped for weeks came back and now ive been playing everyday whenever i can.i love itits got a lot of potential and if you want to pvp you gunna have to RNG or make money to buy your gear you wont be able to pvp until level 50+ and have a 400+ gearscore(ap & dp added together is gearscore)then when you hit level 56 you awaken and get a ton of new skills its like a whole different class.just saying highest level player is 62 probs 63, level cap is around there."
,Recommended,582660,34889794,Posted: 11 September,all,Dr.Moonstache,"Alright, today I'm gonna finish that questlinohhhhh shiny new quests, cooking, gathering, recipes, fishing and a penguin"
76561197983782857,Recommended,582660,35245257,Posted: 27 September,all,Nvi'Wraith,"If you like restricted PvP and a massive PvE grind then the game is for you.They recently nerfd open world pvp to the point that its no longer viable. I havent played since they made that change it was the worst change ever for WPvPers like myself. and to get to the point that you can do closed PvP you need so much gear that it will take you months to become viable. The PvP on NA is really laggy aswell whereas the korean version has no pvp lag.PvE is decent its mostly grinding the same mobs over and over or doing all the world bosses for boss loot (usually for best in slot gear).Theres lots to do and if you like a game with no apparent endgame then this is for you, there will always be improvements you can make to your character. I would also suggest mixing things up and not just grinding or you will get very bored. try and do life skilling (not my thing) but it broke up the monotony of PvE grinding. and hop in the boss discord for boss kills.As of this review i havent played for about 2 months because of the terrible WPvP changes. if there were any other changes that i missed just comment."
,Recommended,582660,35087853,Posted: 20 September,all,[Geek] Shogun,"I've seen many people complaining about this game being P2W but it IS NOT, you can get EVERYTHING just by playing, BUT if you pay it makes the game a lot ""faster"".SKILL, GRIND AND PROFESSION GAME.Pets are the only thing in the whole game that you should buy, the game is only 8~10 usd dont be a cheap♥♥♥♥♥Conclusion: You can spend all your money here and still being beaten by someone else who doesnt spend money at all."
76561198090507393,Recommended,582660,34891083,Posted: 11 September,all,Sir Ferfwaf,"(Mixed Review) Great game in the sense of combat controls and world building, terrible game in the sense of grinding and progression. Like get this game with some friends, and dink around with them for a few hours, but if you want to get anywhere in this game, you better know some people to get into the top guilds and clans. You better also be commited to this game, because if you want money, better get on and manage the company, hire and fire employees while keeping up with demand. Want to get up in guild status? Better be on every day and night for events and guild wars. Want to become a trading master? Set a destination and auto walk/ride your way from point to point, and then just exit out of the game and put it into a tiny window mode so you can focus on something else. But at least this game is a pay once and play kind of MMO or I would have never gotten it. But the world is alive and breathing, with charcters pushing the economy and almost everything in the game, it is all about how many players play on the server per day, less people equals less growth and the game goes to a grinding halt."
76561198122944962,Recommended,582660,34997485,Posted: 16 September,all,Alyngwen Clævyan,"Black Desert “User Interface Overkill” OnlineTL;DR: Great game with way too many interfaces. Still a must-have.Black Desert online has a very appealing look to it; graphically seen it’s certainly one of the most beautiful MMORPGs I’ve ever played, but there are just so many options and pop-ups and tabs and more tabs, and sub-tabs with options, that it makes this game sometimes just too frustrating to even consider starting up.I feel I really have to be in the mood for an endless UI of which I probably understand around 5% by now after having played the game for approximately 8 hours. I don’t know how or where to properly store money (which unfortunately took up about 99% of my inventory of which I sold almost everything only to find out it was the amount of silver that was wearing me down), and asking for any advice in the chat is utterly pointless as your message will disappear within 5 seconds because of “market-and-guild-quest-spams”. For a game with so many players online every single day of the week – no matter what time of the day – this has got to be one of the least social games I’ve ever seen. Then again, nobody takes the time to call you a noob either, so… that’s nice?Admittedly this has got to be one of the most beautiful games out there with this many options which you can buy for only 10 bucks; I just wish the UI would be easier to understand, and the game in itself more obvious to how things actually work so I would feel like firing up this game every single day of the week. Unfortunately many evenings I see Black Desert Online in my Steam Library and think: “Nah, too much of a hassle.” This is a shame as – to be honest and not thinking about the UI and too many pop-ups and tiny menus on the screen – this game has awesome combat!Whereas many similar-looking MMORPGs have the “distance fighting” with the ring around your target, Black Desert really gives you the option to fight properly. If you’re up close to an enemy whilst fighting it with a sword, but you make a move to the left while your opponent side-steps you: you miss! That’s what combat is supposed to be like. Not some sort of “roll of the dice” on hit or block, but actually some expertise with the controls; remembering your special moves and combining those with your regular moves at the right moment.So is this a game you should have in your library? I think you should. For only 10 Dollars you have a sweet looking game with tons of options. If you are the kind of person who’s good (or patient enough) with User Interfaces you might even get a bigger kick out of the game, but I wouldn’t know. If you’re a player like me and just occasionally log on to do some mindless Imp-slaughtering and basically just travel around the amazingly detailed world, then you’ll get a lot of fun out of your 10 bucks, too.Even though the ridiculous amount of different screens and options often pisses me off rather than encouraging me to figure out how all these options work, it still is a game I gladly start up for an hour or so from time to time."
,Recommended,582660,34520330,Posted: 26 August,all,gh0stie csgoroll.com,There's so much to do in this game...  At the time of writing this I have 91 hours in game. I feel like I've only done around 20% of what there is to do.
76561198046213127,Recommended,582660,32073458,Posted: 30 May,all,YUNG Knacksterpiece BIG LAUNDRY,"Unique combat and mechanics make this stand out amoung the rest.Be warned though, there are """"""pay to win"""""" elements in it. But they're way less pay to win and more pay for convienience."
76561198130045362,Recommended,582660,35459786,Posted: 3 October,all,Junkchan,"For a while, I worked as a web designer in a small ad agency serving a very niche industry. Previously, the design team had no creative lead, and were all sort of operating independently across varying clients. We decided to hire a creative director to fill that gap, and I was given the task of sorting through and giving first round interviews to find the person who would later become my supervisor. Two candidates in particular stood out from the rest for very different reasons. One was exceptionally talented, an all around nice guy, and somebody who generally would have been great for the role. The other, let's call him John, had mediocre talent, came across as an insufferable, arrogant prick, but had previous experience working within the niche industry that we serviced. He also had contacts within that industry that could lead to new business. Despite my strong recommendation to not hire John, his relationships in the industry were too compelling to our agency's leadership to pass up, and they hired him.It didn't take long before the entire company started to realize John was a huge burden. He had virtually zero experience in anything related to digital design. Design for apps, websites, mobile, etc., were all completely and utterly beyond his grasp, but he used his position of relative power to make decisions on those projects that the entire design team refused to support, most of which came back to bite the company in the♥♥♥♥♥later. The design team hated him, because fixing and working around his screw-ups became part of our daily routine. The sales team hated him, because he'd claim it took him unbelievably exaggerated amounts of time to complete even the most trivial of tasks (ex: 4 days to design a business card template), so they wouldn't even assign him projects anymore. Work that was clearly his responsibility started to rapidly trickle down to the rest of the design team. We'd be working late nights 4 out of 5 days a week, because all of his projects that were in danger of missing deadlines would be re-assigned to us. Meanwhile he'd be the first to walk out the door every day, right at 5PM, without fail. On top of all that, the guy was absolutely, without a doubt, the biggest tool I've ever met. Always right about everything, completely unbending on his idiotic opinions, and completely clueless that literally every person in the building wished he would get hit by a truck.I genuinely tried to work with him for about a year, until I decided that the job had become intolerable because of him, and wasn't going to change any time soon, so I turned in my two week notice. About a month after I left, I heard that he had been let go from the job. Shortly after that, I noticed that he had changed his LinkedIn status to show that he was working for a new agency I had never heard of, also servicing that same niche industry. I looked them up, and quickly figured out that he had started his own agency... a primarily digital agency... when he had NO experience in digital or interactive design, and had literally ♥♥♥♥ed up every digital/interactive project he'd ever been on (I know, because most of them were reassigned to me when he proved incapable of doing them himself). I looked at the portfolio on his website, and found literally project after project of my work. He was using my work from the ad agency as examples of the work his agency could produce.I briefly considered contacting him and requesting he remove my work from his portfolio for ethical reasons. But I could already hear his reply in my head. ""As creative lead, all work done by my team is an extension of my creative direction."" He'd used similar lines in the past to insert himself into receiving credit on successful projects he'd had zero involvement on.So instead I sent an email to one of the partners of the agency we both had worked for, saying something along the lines of ""hey, not sure if you've noticed this, but it looks like John is using your company's intellectual property to directly compete against you... if I had to guess, I'd assume his next step would be to make a move at your client list."""
76561198323674074,Recommended,582660,34568228,Posted: 28 August,all,The Leeding Owl,This is a grate game plz make DLC
76561198414939968,Recommended,582660,35007549,Posted: 16 September,all,Haiylee,"I am not a fan of MMORPG games, but this game is definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,582660,34303008,Posted: 17 August,all,neko_,"first off, this is not p2w lke most are saying. A lot and most items on the pearl shop are obtainable without spending real life money. It is a grind but its a fun grind, it beats running dungeon after dungeon like ffxiv and wow. The gear system is amazing and the cash shop is not stuff you need, more so stuff you want so you can play this without having to spend real money. The real fun starts at about level 53+. Also look into getting an alienware if you wanna play this game"
76561198338621614,Recommended,582660,35007395,Posted: 16 September,all,mwill12olsen,The game is amazing. I just wish they would fix the horse riding animation in sprint oh my gawd it drives me insane to see the char just staring straight down at the horses back like wtf such a lazy finish with that one but all the other stuff flows together very well. Its grindy but the grind is unlike any other grind you have played.
76561198193557654,Recommended,582660,34679594,Posted: 2 September,all,Ozzy jb,"Black desert online where to start, what can I say about it other than it's a good game. When I started I didn't  really know what I was doing because the game starts of pretty quick in my opinion but after the first couple hours the ""story"" has much better pacing and it's very nice to just explore the world.It contains lots of content and is one of the best looking mmo's I've played in along time, it has multiple classes each with their own unique weapons attacks and play styles now I mostly play wizard but I have touched upon Dark knight and Musa/maehwa (they are pretty much the same just different genders) and I can certainly say that they are all different. The combat is fun and almost addictive because of all the badass effects that most of the attacks have and it's satisfying to dominate huge crowds of enemy's. attacks can be used via the hotkey on screen however you can't use all the moves through it therefore you have to (and this is my favourite part of the game ) remember move sets by combining key/mouse inputs if you don't know what that means then basically you can use your moves by pressing multiple buttons such as a+LMB,is a very unique feature that makes the game very satisfying as it's engages players to remember their button combinations. Levelling is very well paced, when you level your stats will increase and you earn new moves by getting points that are earned by killing enemys similar to experience points. Enemy's are pretty easy to begin with if do your grinding however when you reach level 50 the game truly starts as exp required to level up is doubled if not tripled and becomes a true test of endurance enemy's become stronger and overall the becomes much harder however if you brave the difficulty spike you are rewarded with you characters awakening, which basically makes you a baddass but it takes forever to get it. Now this game lacks fast travel despite the huge open world how ever in my opinion I think it serves as a benefit because it means you'll explore the world around you and you'll get a real sense of immersion. Now let's settle one thing straight, PvP is a thing and it's not worth if you do it then shame on you you don't get anything by killing helpless players and it only serves to decrease your karma rank which in turn basically tells everyone that you are a player killer however if you still intend to kill someone just be warned that you only unlock the ability to kill other players at level 50 maybe by then you can change you mind. Overall this is a great game with lots of content that I haven't even touched upon but I recommend this game to any mmo player because you will not be disappointed."
76561198201135763,Recommended,582660,35112932,Posted: 21 September,all,The timing,"would recommend this game only if you already have a friend who played it for a long time. its very difficult if your new to mmos or never played this game, you'll need to learn a lot of new curves. the thing i like about this game, is the combat it feels really good and really different from any other mmo"
,Recommended,582660,31987172,Posted: 26 May,all,ethenar,where is black person
,Not Recommended,582660,34198508,Posted: 12 August,all,Kont4g1on,"Ok, this review is going to be based entirely on the gate that prevents me from enjoying what is mostly a great and original game.  If you don't think that's fair, I don't care.  The decision that created this situation was a moronic one, and they deserve whatever business they lose as a result.First and foremost, great game...  if you live in Liberal $#%^hole California.  This was one of the few games that decides it would be wise not to offer centralized server locations on a game where events are handled serverside.  This is also a real time PVP game where you aim your attacks and physically dodge your opponents'.  So this is the worst possible type of game they could have made this decision on and it affects Midwest and Eastern players, significantly.I like in Indiana.  I have the fastest Cable Internet available.  I pay a great deal for this ISP.  Fiber is not available in this area, and it would have likely improved things, but the problem would have been resolved with not locating the game in San Jose, California.  The only people that agreed with this decision were Californians and people from the Oceanic region, using Oceanic players as the rationale for this decision.F#$^ Oceanic players.  This is a US RELEASE.  Not an Oceanic release.  I'm not even on the East Coast and it's impossible to remain competitive in this game with a 100MB/5MB connection because my ping to San Jose is 103ms.  With a tunneling service like Battleping, it still doesn't drop below 90ms.There were a number of petitions to relocate the servers or create an additional server that was more centralized and Daum pretty much told the majority of America to f$*% off.  I played this game prior to purchasing it through Steam.  I just spent an additional $10 with the hopes that the servers had maybe been beefed up and services like Battleping had improved, but nope.  So, basically, I paid $10 to thrash this game in a Steam review, deservingly.If you don't have Fiber service, and you're not located in God's urinal, California, don't waste your money on this game.  The community is extremely fanboi and this review will be met with ferocity and anal rage, and I can understand why.  This is a great concept and a great game.  The fatal flaw was locating the servers midway around the world from the European servers and rendering the game unplayable for the majority of the world.For all my outrage, I would return to the game in a heartbeat if they were to source out a server location more centralized in the US or relocate the servers to better serve the US market, with this US release."
,Not Recommended,582660,32830323,Posted: 26 June,all,bigtime overwatch pro,"Tutorial wouldn't complete, and there's a permanent family name system you can't alter after you submit it. No indication that it's permanent! Typo? Sorry bud, it's permanent. Just checking to see if it's taken? Sorry bud, it's permanent. Change your mind or want to update it? $10, chump."
,Not Recommended,582660,32129767,Posted: 2 June,all,OopsyDoodles,"When I bought this game, I expected there to be some sort of benefit, incentive, or even a reason to play with friends. Instead, I received what is essentially a single-player experience in the form of an MMO. Just everyone doing their own quests solitarily, surrounded by others doing the same. Don't buy this game. Invest in a better multiplayer experience."
76561198010664969,Not Recommended,582660,33652585,Posted: 19 July,all,DeezNuts©,"There's too many terrible aspects to this game. I'd list them all but i honestly won't waste my time.  I will give a few points though...All the server issues people complain about with this game. Take this into consideration: You're playing a game where one of the biggest encouraged mechanics is AFK fishing... wtf? What a drain to the servers!I uninstalled when i noticed that i'd have to work and grind harder in this game than i do in my real life job just to build a ♥♥♥♥ing boat only to find out that i can never repair it's durability... Sorry but the principles behind the grind in this game are screwballish at best.One more thing that maybe the lazy devs in this game will take into consideration. Stop trying to improve existing mechanics by supplementing them with more monotonous mechanics. Rework existing mechanics and refine the already toooo robust item list. I can only imagine how all of these micro processes users have to go through just to get one thing accomplished only serve as an even greater resource hog to your server environments.To anyone that's looking to pick this game up, don't. This game is way too far gone for the legitimate improvements it needs to stay afloat."
,Not Recommended,582660,33544910,Posted: 14 July,all,Diogenes,"Runescape with better graphics and the ability to character create waifus. Decent for mindless fun. However.-Microtransactions galore. Pets seem kinda worth it, not much else.-Rather sneakily installs anti-hack that IS NOT removed by uninstalling the game. Not cool. And that's coming from someone who's never wanted or attempted to alter a game.-Finally, I dislike that your appearance (what your clothes or weapons look like) does not change no matter what new gear you equip. It stays the same until you pony up for skins ala CS:GO, except they still have nothing to do with what's equipped. Ehhh."
,Recommended,582660,33226773,Posted: 4 July,all,Rimusta™,is good
76561197966542993,Not Recommended,582660,33248406,Posted: 4 July,all,SorSoul,"Tried to play and couldn't get consistent frames.  Recommended of GTX 970 is total garbage.Running a GTX 970, FX-8350, and 16g of ram.30-40fps while standing still. Doing anything causes it to drop farther.  Tried settings at low and medium with +5fps for medium and -10fps for low.False advertising for recommended settings.  You need much more than that to run this smoothly.Couldn't play it enough to get a feel for the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,582660,35249910,Posted: 27 September,all,SenpaiJimmy,"Bland piece of garbage.  You start the game and you walk around♥♥♥♥♥♥  GUESS WHAT NEXT!!!  You grind, and you grind, and you grind.  That's all this game is, a grind/walking simulator.  The only decent part of this game is the graphics and customization.  Unless you're interested in customization or even possibly grinding, save yourself the money ffs.  Oh, and this game installs a little something called xigncode onto your computer.  That's not so bad right?! Its not easy to remove"
76561198008152571,Not Recommended,582660,32105558,Posted: 1 June,all,Taoron,"It's Korean.*WARNING* This is not your traditional MMO. There are no dungeons, in the traditional 'Dungeon' sense. Not sure if there is PvP or not, outside of children PKing.I've been playing a week. Spending a ton of time researching and reading, to learn what is expected of us.From what I see now, and what I have read, end game is pretty much the same grind as leveling. I am personally lvl23 at the moment and have never used anything other than the basic attack, when fighting mobs. (One button hunting lol) The bosses I fought were a little harder, but still disappointing.It's a perfectly good waste of time but seems to be part of a genre of games where end game is based on sitting on a farm, fishing and trading.The Community seems to be made up of the same sort of population as other games of this genre, Grandmothers, and foul mouthed children, who have no desire for civility or human-like qualities. There is a rift between those who got the game online and those who got it from Steam. Best, unless you are one of them, to just turn off the open Chat Channels, if you get distracted easily by stupidity, hatred, sexism, racism and general ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gery.Planning to play to end game, for sh*ts and giggles, but not really expecting much."
76561197989176523,Not Recommended,582660,32160148,Posted: 3 June,all,Cliff,"Well after 12 hours i'm sadly dissapointeted.Pros :GraphicsGameplayCons:The gender locked classesChat regardless of Gerneral or world is appauling and toxicGame lacks good PVESettings in game are complicatedA clear understand for the gameI could write a list as to what this game lacks and could improve on.  It's full of toxic kiddies with no life , values or morals.   Want to get ahead of most players, then pay to do that for gear.  I found the mechanics of some of the classes a bit confusing to learn.  The community isn't all that helpful, most replies will be ""google it"", which is just sad.   End game is PVP which isn't too bad but you have to get here first.  Leveling is super easy the first 15 levels, then it gets harder.  A lot of Guild Wars going on while in game, nodes being taken and fought for.   I can't recommend this game for those who seek a more mature audience that will guide and help you .  If you enjoy the toxicity of a commiunity and little to no help then by all means this game is for you.    Asian RPG"
76561198142289834,Recommended,582660,34767246,Posted: 5 September,all,RamenZundo,Farming and Grinding simulator.Really fun
76561197995347679,Not Recommended,582660,32783949,Posted: 25 June,all,creecon,"Pros:+ character customization is incredibly detailed+ fairly good-looking game for its kindCons:- uninspiring grind nonsense (could be worse, though)- confusing, unhelpful quest design- lagToo much time at hand and bored?Still no good enough reasons to waste time with this game."
,Not Recommended,582660,33779947,Posted: 24 July,all,Eternal Reaper,Infinite grind with boatloads of content. Sometimes boatloads of content is not a good thing. Extremely overwhelming to a new player. You better hope you have a friend who devotes their life to BDO and can tell you all the tips and tricks.
,Not Recommended,582660,32629055,Posted: 21 June,all,Wifi Bee,"First 55 levels are fun, quests are amusing, class is challenging then you get 56 and xp becomes ♥♥♥♥♥iest grindfest ever.Your awakening weapon is MANDATORY (because your main weapon won't do any damage) and your entire class gameplay changes (for the worst, most of the time), you have to pay the sub per month and pearl items for the game to not be a complete waste of time.You will need to unlock your weight limit to the max ~25$ (you just have to, or you will need 2 to 4 months more of trade xp grind)You will need a pet because the lag makes looting almost impossible, can also maybe kill you if you're stuck in loot ~10$You need to sub per month ~13$You need to play for 3 months to get somewhere (in the beginning), count 5 topsYou need a costume allowing you to process from your residence chest (15$)P2W ? Maybe not .. but pay100$upfrontmandatory, yup, totally."
,Not Recommended,582660,32681690,Posted: 23 June,all,dog soap,"Aside from a very friendly introductory price point, there's not much for me to like about Black Desert Online.The UI is a clunky messSocial features are severly lackingThe world is uninteresting and lacks charmItem management is frustrating and confusingQuests are uninspired and boringCombat, although visually gratifying, is unclear (no damage numbers) and repetitiveEndless grindingSome positives I guess would be that the graphics are kind of nice. Lots of foilage pops in and out as you move which can be annoying, but things are generally pretty nice to look at. The voice acting is so bad that you might smile or even laugh imagining the misfortune of some kid recording lines for this game."
,Not Recommended,582660,33290110,Posted: 5 July,all,Shebby,"At first when I launched the game I was pretty confident in the game being good...then i started the game....Pros:- Good character creator- Good combat systemCons:- Really uninteresting story full of meaningless quests- This game runs AWFUL. I have a NVIDIA GTX 950 and I couldn't hit 60 FPS on low settings. When you get to a even slightly populated area the game turns into a slideshow.- The UI is really in your face all the time and very confusing to me.- The first boss fight I got into to, the boss was completely invisible, and didn't show up until I killed him.- The voice actors are the worst I've ever seen in an MMO.- Cutscenes and animations look terrible- I didn't see any deserts, nor do i believe they are black"
,Not Recommended,582660,32428410,Posted: 15 June,all,SUPER ASIAN DELUXE PRO PUNCH MAN,day 1: WOW THIS IS AWESOMEday 2: WOW THIS IS STILL AWESOMEday 3: WOW I DISCONECTEDday 4: WOW I DISCONECTEDday 5: WOW I DISCONECTED AGAINday 6:WOW I DISCONECTEDday 7:WOW I DISCONECTEDday 8:WOW I DISCONECTEDday 9:WOW I DISCONECTEDday 10:WOW I DISCONECTEDday 11:WOW I DISCONECTEDday 12:WOW I DISCONECTED
,Recommended,582660,33206404,Posted: 3 July,all,HappyToast,It's decent.
,Recommended,582660,32855521,Posted: 27 June,all,littlej1707,"If SAO had a actual Game, This would be it."
76561198318410662,Not Recommended,582660,32243511,Posted: 7 June,all,Maple,I could not play this game for more than 20 minutes at a time.
,Not Recommended,582660,32177308,Posted: 4 June,all,ya big meatball,"character creation in this game is absolute garbage. you can barely adjust the face, all the classes are sex locked and every ♥♥♥♥ing female character looks the same. What a waste of my money. Also? did I forget to mention it installs a program which can track any files you've installed or visited in the last 48 hours and sends them to ""the mothership."" No thanks. getting a refund immediately and had to go into my system registry to delete the programs left over"
,Not Recommended,582660,34316194,Posted: 17 August,all,Ech0_Mahal,garbo
76561198355908524,Not Recommended,582660,33252666,Posted: 4 July,all,ThatAngryCaterpillar,"Didn't even work, I will leave it at that!"
76561198054466740,Not Recommended,582660,32852306,Posted: 27 June,all,Kepponen,Couple hours in.Pros:- Looks pretty- Many charactersCons:- Confusing / bad menus etc. [IMO]- No quest sharing with party
,Not Recommended,582660,32797480,Posted: 25 June,all,Irotha,"Node wars are a terrible system,Just wait several hours with no enemies spawningThis even includes the scarecrows in the tutorialNo way to progress in the game if you can't kill the beatles in the first 5 minutes of the gameReally enjoyed the combat system while I was able to play, but was really turned off of the game by the fact that i couldn't play. For 8 dollars It really isn't worth the 5 minutes of gameplayEdit: Turns out you can just swap which server you are on to bypass this ""Feature"" though this is not very clear"
76561197993497221,Not Recommended,582660,33645236,Posted: 18 July,all,lex_peacekeeper,"I keep reading ""this is the future of MMOs""  and that worries me, I have been playing for 10 days now as the game keeps track of that with a daily login,  it seems there is little or no reason to interact with anyone, and even if you did have a reason to talk with people the chat system is filled with so much clutter that has no reason to be there for a new player, the crafting system is a joke, its insane how much raw mats you need for very basic things, 150 copper ore to make one pickaxe that wont even get you close to gathering up the mats needed to make a replacement, it adds a worker system so you can get mats during offline time, however its so painfully slow using copper ore, its 45+ minutes to get 1-3 ore, and that's with a worker that has gather speed up and can gather more mats at once skills.this MMO only seems to target just one type of MMO player, the guild mate player.it has very little for players that like to craft, RP players will find the place to crowded to really have fun RPing. the combats ok, but would be better if you could map it to a controllerPros:the game looks greatyou can customize your chars a lothorse are done very wellCons:Crafting System is a jokeMarket is Massively over flattedthe game world is to small for how many people are playingEverywhere is crowded even with it having about 40 servers"
,Not Recommended,582660,33104809,Posted: 1 July,all,Gutter,"If you are hoping for a fun PVE experience, look elsewhere.  The enemies never pose a challenge, and the quests are the most dull you can imagine.  The quests are your standard, go here>kill so many mobs/collect so many items>go to the next person.  Sometimes you get a (boring) cutscene.  Most quests, once you reach the target area, can be completed in a few seconds.I did not play for a very long time, but I did not enjoy anything about the game other than the way the combat works.  The way the moves and combos work is actually really good.The combat was never fun though, because I did not come close to dying once. The enemies simply stand around waiting for you to utterly annihilate them.They will walk straight towards you doing negligible damage and you never have to think about your strategy. You can easily win by doing the same move repeatedly.  I should have read more about this game, because it seems PVE is just a boring obstacle to end game PVP.If you enjoy PVP this game may be good for you, I am not interested in PVP and have no comment on it. If you want to get the game hoping to have some fun with the quests and combat, I highly recommend avoiding this game.EDIT:  If you're going to downvote me, atleast tell me how my review is not helpful.  I bought this game hoping to have some fun with a friend playing the PVE elements, because I am not too interested in PVP.  I found the PVE to be terrible.  Please tell me how I am wrong, or at the very least how the review is 'unhelpful'.Also, anything I could recommend should be common sense.  Maybe raising the stats of the mobs in game, give them AI beyond a beeline and skill rotation.   I cannot fathom how it would be difficult to see how unrewarding and unsatisfying PVE is."
,Recommended,582660,33249670,Posted: 4 July,all,Kaden Ahbar,meh
,Recommended,582660,32975204,Posted: 28 June,all,Mitch,Good fun.
,Recommended,582660,32058256,Posted: 30 May,all,vapex,Big boobs
,Not Recommended,582660,32739780,Posted: 24 June,all,klutch-,♥♥♥♥ing horrific
76561198091642504,Recommended,582660,33185743,Posted: 3 July,all,Killua Zoldyck,Ty 4 the 3 sticka pack ;)
76561198021313005,Not Recommended,582660,34702618,Posted: 2 September,all,sebas100003,COSTUMER SUPPORT IS VERRY VERRY BAD BE WARN BEFORE BUYING ON PEARL SHOP THEY ♥♥♥♥ING SUCK
76561198316032997,Recommended,582660,35293418,Posted: 29 September,all,judahraiders,Best mmo hands down!!
,Not Recommended,582660,34006646,Posted: 3 August,all,<<{BLS}>>Macrackin,Hundreds of hours in the game. still dont have the gear to PVP. Life Drain Simulator 2017..
,Recommended,582660,34783019,Posted: 6 September,all,Donald The Fuck,Kreygasm. Best MMO on the market.
,Recommended,582660,35011938,Posted: 16 September,all,RefTyy,Beats any mmo out there.Absolutely Love it. No more words needed
,Recommended,582660,34617509,Posted: 30 August,all,Vana,"Pretty fun for a while, until it gets extremely boring.I feel like this is the vegetarian version of MMO's,it tries to be something meaty and juicy but at the end of the day it's just blandly flavoured tofu."
,Recommended,582660,35380324,Posted: 1 October,all,Moon Moon,I seriously enjoy every bit of this game
,Not Recommended,582660,32222455,Posted: 6 June,all,B-Nard,Anti cheat sketchy af
76561198100500990,Not Recommended,582660,32093565,Posted: 31 May,all,Rhino,From what i have played seems like a pretty fun game.  BUUUUT literally everytime theres an update doesn't matter the size files get corrupted...if you dont mind repairing the game every little update thats out then i cant recommend.
,Recommended,582660,33347680,Posted: 7 July,all,Peter Quill,Better than Guild Wars 2.
76561198012271876,Not Recommended,582660,32583077,Posted: 19 June,all,Jimbo,"Not fun. Really not as good as expected, and honestly a really big let down. :("
,Not Recommended,582660,33957885,Posted: 1 August,all,Microsoft Word,Nope
76561198060478270,Not Recommended,582660,33915049,Posted: 30 July,all,Its me Cody,"Kicks me off every 2-4 minutes with the message ""Connection to the server has been lost"". This has made the game unplayable, and im glad I got the game refunded in time."
76561198277574156,Recommended,582660,33618871,Posted: 17 July,all,Gilleßurtus,"This Game is awsome. Good graphics and worth to buy and is better then World Of Warcraft for mine opinion.This game have some good system to play like farming,Fishing,Crafting,Gathering,Grinding and enhance your gear to get better AP & DP. You can also Buy house and sell house with contribution points. You can also make clan and turn it to guild by 100 thousand silvers. You can also make guild war Guild Vs Guild. Fishing is my best way to make money just cast out your rod and afk you can realy earn silvers. Questing is my adventure and there are many type of quest. The huge thing for me about this game is Horses. Horses can be tame and buy from horse marketplace from stable. This features can also make money by breed your horse toghter to tier 1 to tier 9. You can also do some horse race and vin some prizes.And you can also buy a boeat that you can sail everywhere in the sea and hunting some whales.This game have some rly good experience."
76561197995898099,Not Recommended,582660,33039086,Posted: 30 June,all,Issues666,Took about 10 minutes to want a refund...A seriously bad import and an all around terrible feeling game.
76561198281003512,Recommended,582660,32992020,Posted: 29 June,all,✪ KΣIJI,facking dank
,Recommended,582660,32991594,Posted: 29 June,all,Alex,cause yolo
76561198076562079,Not Recommended,582660,34266498,Posted: 15 August,all,ZaHuiShiA,cannot connect to server????????I want my money back
76561198178524114,Recommended,582660,34424454,Posted: 22 August,all,"""Some Controvertal Name""",AMAZING GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THIS IS SO ADICTIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,582660,31990733,Posted: 27 May,all,geckboy3000,Best MMO ever. At least until Ashes of Creation comes out.
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,582660,33798356,Posted: 25 July,all,Illimitus,I paid 10 dollars to play the game only have 20 inventory slots. What a rip off!
76561198079495582,Recommended,582660,32557521,Posted: 18 June,all,Fake News,decent
,Not Recommended,582660,32416330,Posted: 14 June,all,Zen,"A nice mmo but i just can't get into it, you see people everywhere but it still feels pretty lonely, the game doesn't make players work together so there is a big seperation. I enjoyed the combat but its not enough to keep me coming back, the game is riddled with microtrnsactions that you pretty much need to partake in if you plan on being in this game long term.There is loads of content that can feel overwhelming to a new play as the tutorial is quite lackluster, but if you watch some youtube guides it will help you learn fast. I loved the node system and the worker system in this game aswell as the trade and house system.The graphics are some of the best i have seen in an mmo yet, but the story is not very deep at all and lore is not really there.If you dont mind gender locked classes or the cheesy skimpy korean style female armor than you can find a lot to do in this game, but i would not reccomend it as a long term MMORPG to invest your time in."
,Recommended,582660,33292652,Posted: 5 July,all,LuNaCy,10/10 TOO ADDICTING I NEED MORE
76561198011169861,Recommended,582660,32224580,Posted: 6 June,all,Igra,Good
76561198070797009,Recommended,582660,33255460,Posted: 4 July,all,Greenwood Chubby,10/10 would chub again.
76561198080376498,Recommended,582660,32975949,Posted: 28 June,all,StefanR0,Good
,Not Recommended,582660,32367154,Posted: 12 June,all,Xenolugh713,"combat is the best in an mmo in a long time, but there is so much grinding and no fast travel it gets old pretty fast."
,Not Recommended,582660,33170875,Posted: 2 July,all,funkj¬¬,basically the anime version of WoW except requires a 10x better PC.
76561198191118650,Recommended,582660,35328928,Posted: 30 September,all,RoyalHemlock,The character cutomization is good but difficult to use
,Recommended,582660,35409945,Posted: 2 October,all,Darth Norcinu,I LIKE FRIDGE!
76561198313491527,Recommended,582660,33301046,Posted: 5 July,all,Postgame,"i cry a lot when i touch myselfalso,i like this gamei play alot with my dadhe touches me too"
76561198357374378,Recommended,582660,35011957,Posted: 16 September,all,BallisticBacon,"This has the best combat of its kind. If you're into MMOs it's pretty good. The main thing I didn't like was character making, which was too complicated. And all the names are taken."
76561198341237730,Recommended,582660,34350781,Posted: 19 August,all,carnagexkiller1,one of the best  online games ive played in years
,Recommended,582660,34491676,Posted: 25 August,all,KaptainMattYT,This game is literally the best game ever created!!!!
,Recommended,582660,35013823,Posted: 16 September,all,SquirtlePaPa,"Where to begin with this game.... I love the game to death, 140+ hours after switching to steam.Positives:Customization, characters can look practically any way you want (aside from gender locked classes)Combat, fairly simple on the surface, gets more interesting once you get better combos.The game is grindier than a sorority girl on spring break.Professions, ever wanted to be a pro-fisher? Boi do I have a game for you.There are more but I have been playing non-stop so I'm brain dead.Cons:The marketplace is awful. People can monopolize the market by spamming bid only items and since you must buy the cheapest... well good luck with buying those black stones.Pets, only way to get them is real money or events, and the events are not all that common.Outfits, Only way to get interesting looking armour is real money... enjoy looking like every other noob out there.Grindier than a sorority girl on spring break pt.2, takes years to get past 56.Boats, settle for a dinghy slower than the workers you can hire, or hire those workers to slowly build you a sail boat.No overall story line, ....that's self explanatorySausans, YOU LITERALLY CANT SAFELY FARM THEM WITHOUT SOME WITCH ROLLIN IN LIKE ""THOT BEGONE""Overall: Game is great but very flawed. Maybe after another 300+ hours it will be better."
,Not Recommended,582660,34025554,Posted: 4 August,all,Rocket_Man,"Just avoid this one, people won't stop talking about furries, traps, and or alienware. If that wasn't the worst part? Everyone leaves their horses everywhere and they never despawn, it's one of the worst metric tons of immersion breaking ♥♥♥♥shit I've ever seen in my life."
76561198148407674,Recommended,582660,35377368,Posted: 1 October,all,Zanitte,holy mmorpg
,Not Recommended,582660,35092127,Posted: 20 September,all,PTSDatsun,I have waited for this game for many years. Finally have it and it CTD on launch. I can not find a fix that works. Even deleted and reinstalled on on main and spare hard drives. Followed all the guides even from developer. A soon as I launch it it says it encountered a problem and crashes.
,Not Recommended,582660,35336738,Posted: 30 September,all,RawFrag,"♥♥♥♥ this game,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trash server ""connection has been lost"" can't even play the game for 1min.tho the first few days were fine.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trash servers -_-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥af"
76561198142232671,Not Recommended,582660,35488553,Posted: 5 October,all,Pure,so ♥♥♥♥ing boring
76561198327914743,Not Recommended,582660,32167845,Posted: 3 June,all,maikolalvarez0945,Having problems when game is loading and can't even get to the main screen. Please fix this!
,Not Recommended,582660,35364688,Posted: 30 September,all,sebfro,"Games keeps crashing and lagging, do noy buy."
76561198122448935,Recommended,582660,32328989,Posted: 10 June,all,Brain,Best MMO I have played in years 9/10
,Recommended,582660,34872337,Posted: 10 September,all,Marak,"If you don't like spending ♥♥♥♥ing ages in an MMO, I suggest not getting this game.Recommend for hardcore MMORPG folks who likes to grind.This game is definetly nothing for casuals. It seemed like that to me at the start but then it just got harder and harder - like an MMORPG should ofcourse be like. For people who like PvP and more casual fun things to play with mates that have sets of abilities etc, I really suggest Albion Online - It's a really polished and good pvp game, can remind you of Runescape."
76561198071943830,Not Recommended,582660,32111617,Posted: 1 June,all,Cecile Teeters,"I can create a character, but when I press connect the game stops responding after loading 99% every time. No idea how to fix this. Looks like a fun game so I would recommend trying it off of Steam first, as that might work better."
76561197991976667,Not Recommended,582660,32029869,Posted: 28 May,all,AdamTyson1,It's not often I try a game and uninstall it.Visually this game is fantastic but almost everything else is sub-par. The 'plot' if you can call it that is poorly translated and what little does make sense gives me the impression it wasn't high on the list of priorities.The UI is possibly the worst UI I've ever seen in an MMO - it's a convaluted mess.I took a look in the store and basically if you want to change the appearance of your character (which lets face it in these types of games you do) it's going to cost you an arm and a leg.
,Recommended,582660,32172831,Posted: 4 June,all,jambo,Solid.
,Recommended,582660,32880394,Posted: 27 June,all,nanachi,rly great game
76561198046653218,Recommended,582660,32890299,Posted: 27 June,all,Sergante,s
,Not Recommended,582660,33015761,Posted: 29 June,all,Gambino,Game freezes when i load in.
,Not Recommended,582660,32926879,Posted: 28 June,all,BayleefIsBae,"This game is fun. That I will give. But I have played way too many MMORPGS and I know what makes a good and a bad one, First thing I would like to point out is the usaged of real money. I get why free MMORPG use it because they need to stay up, but for a paid game to use this is just a cash in. The one and only thing that makes it different from other MMORPGS is the fighting. You have to dodge yourself and attack, instead of standing still pressing the different buttons. The UI is REALLY messy, I had to look up how to fix it. Sometimes the skills page can be hard to get around, as there are just so many things there. Another thing I don't like is the forced tutorail. I have played 50+ MMORPGS and I dont need to know that WASD is to move and to hold CRTL to see my mouse. One thing that bothers me is that all classes are genderlocked, which is stupid but I can live around. So to sum it upPros:GraphicsSongs are okFightingCut scene and storyline (if you listen)Cons:TutorialGenderlocked ClassesMessy UIHard to navigateReal MoneyCombos (sometimes youll be moving backwards and just set one off)I have also heard that this game downloads something, like a anti-cheat, that scans all files in the last 48 hours. If this bothers you dont buy it, but all I do is play games so I dont really care.I would not say 10 bucks, I would say 5. Mostly because of In Game Purchases. If they got rid of those I'd pay up to 20."
76561198058638791,Not Recommended,582660,33116972,Posted: 1 July,all,thethomasgeorge,"Graphics didn't work at all. Tried a few fixes, noticed not only was I not alone with this problem, but it had been ongoing for years WITHOUT being addressed. PATHETIC. Requested money back imediately rather then risk the 2hour no refund limit."
76561198038767768,Recommended,582660,32229117,Posted: 6 June,all,Michizure,is fakkin good
76561198100475226,Recommended,582660,31947907,Posted: 25 May,all,TheMasons,Good for 7 usd compare to other games like guildwars 2 which is one of the top mmorpg. took me 8 hours to get to lvl 27. i'm very new to it havent try every thing yet. but would recommended it compare to other stuff ppl buy. if u hav $$$ u can lvl faster because cash items boost exp and some movement stats like horses/boat.
76561198043505604,Recommended,582660,33654121,Posted: 19 July,all,Suge,Excellent game and a first rate MMO
,Recommended,582660,33636476,Posted: 18 July,all,Ceveral,I Love This Game Its My Life In Medieval Age <3
,Recommended,582660,33678218,Posted: 20 July,all,ѕѕ · Panda,nice
76561198063784140,Recommended,582660,32840116,Posted: 26 June,all,Mrturtle1,UI is a pain to customize and is GARBAGE. Don't waste your money.On second thought.... Get it...
,Recommended,582660,32690467,Posted: 23 June,all,F00L¹,+1
76561198034801087,Recommended,582660,33815205,Posted: 26 July,all,Vladimir,"Sold my alienware, so i can afford playing this game. Made female character with Z breast size and Kardashian bum, bought lingerie now im walking around in underwear mode. Best fap ever 10/10."
76561198142557826,Not Recommended,582660,33051827,Posted: 30 June,all,☠Black Knight,"I don't like this game for a number of reasons. Simply, it isn't a very good MMO. It has a non-cosmetic cash shop that requires you to spend money to boost stats. It's story is a joke. And it holds your hand like you are some two year old who has never played a game before in their life. None of the enemies you will find in this game are challenging, the grinding isn't even any good.You will be level 20 within an hour or two. Level 20/56... and even then you can literally just run around 1-3 shotting enemies with the gear you started with. Absolutely no challenge what-so-ever. It's essentially just the same exact boring old formula that I have seen time and time again. Nothing new or creative in the slightest.All MMO's are of course, about ""going here and doing this."" But the GOOD ones don't make it the sum of their parts. That is all there is to do in this game. They even make dumb mistakes like gender-locked classes. Anyone with a logical or rational brain can tell you that gender-locked classes is simply stupid. Why have that when you could let someone choose their gender AND class? It makes no sense.If you can afford it, FFXIV is FAR superior to this game in every single way."
76561198262099309,Recommended,582660,33272265,Posted: 5 July,all,Dafuq,vERY GOOD GAME COOL AS ALL HELL IT WAS GREAT I APPRECIATE ALL THE AFK IN THE GAME AND WHEN I GET FISH I SELL IT AND WHEN I GET POTTATO I MAKE BREAFD AND SELL IT AND WHEN I FIGHT ZIYAD AT ORMISTON THE SELL HIM AFTERWARDS AS SLAVE ARTISAN WORKERi RECOMMEND IT VERI HIGH BHAI
,Recommended,582660,32203009,Posted: 5 June,all,ΛΞ Demond41,Best MMORPG!!!Best graphics!!!beautiful game !!
76561198047752935,Recommended,582660,32204528,Posted: 5 June,all,Swag Lord Supreme,very fun
76561198142667298,Recommended,582660,32205803,Posted: 5 June,all,Fr0gy,Just a freaking good game :D
,Not Recommended,582660,32797440,Posted: 25 June,all,heliman566,"First off, let me say this, I love this game. I really do. But one pesky thing is leading me to delete it and never play it again.Every time I launch the game after closing it, I am greeted by this error code that closes the game:""0xE0191014Error: XIGNCODE3 detecs executed game client as multi-times""I do not open this game multiple times as steam does not allow that. I did research and the only way to fix this is to click ""LOG"" and delete a file called ""xmag.xem"" and then restart my computer and then play the game. However, doing this resets all my settings in which I therefore have to remake all of them. (NOTE: These are Graphical, UI, and notification settings only)For this reason and this reason only, I cannot give this game a positive review because their anti-cheat is broken and prevents me from enjoying the game."
76561198006434837,Not Recommended,582660,32929577,Posted: 28 June,all,Je Fu,"Grindy as balls , end game boring asf, costumer support is a joke they wont even reply to u , pvp is a cluster♥♥♥♥ slime to zero skill involved"
76561197978377632,Not Recommended,582660,32827201,Posted: 26 June,all,bubblegutz,Honestly seems like a great game. Everything about the combat ive found great just the pure fact of this game runs like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥on both my gaming laptop and my gaming desktop just makes it completely unplayable.Poor opimization.
76561197966793531,Recommended,582660,33528406,Posted: 13 July,all,THE HATED HUMANIST,It's $10 you cheap piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,582660,34220705,Posted: 13 August,all,Mellow,"The hot girl fooled me, I bought it cuz of that."
76561198100636306,Recommended,582660,33619567,Posted: 17 July,all,Hey Scotty Jesus Man,i like it
76561198188001306,Recommended,582660,33060196,Posted: 30 June,all,xdomochunkx,COLOFUL AND GREAT GRAFICS
76561198053338747,Not Recommended,582660,32839428,Posted: 26 June,all,chrismeddersmb,The very first quest that I tired to play will not work when I go to quest area on map. I get to the vertical line of light and no beetles to fight. Then the game ask me if I understand quest.  Game looks great but not getting off to a very good start so far.  Can't seem to get onot any kind of forum to ask what is wrong with game.
,Recommended,582660,32657165,Posted: 22 June,all,NIMM,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,582660,33003067,Posted: 29 June,all,nacho,amazing
76561198182479345,Not Recommended,582660,32580889,Posted: 19 June,all,Loli pounder,pretty boring. go there kill that talk to this person kill 30 goblins
76561198078108941,Not Recommended,582660,32982781,Posted: 29 June,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Awful game, don't recommend buying it.I mean sure you can try and spend some money in order to be stuck in a grinding loop with the most lackluster UI possible.Do yourself a favor, take the free trial first, see if you enjoy it and then decide."
76561198004234395,Recommended,582660,33226361,Posted: 4 July,all,The Teddy Bear,"when you trust jerry just once hoping for a good time but gets you into a 27min cringe worthy disapointment that leaves you scared and questioning your adult sexual morales ""black desert IN A NUTSHELL""-DahteddybearPS. odds are my 16yr old self would of f@$% the S^%# out of the character creation screen"
76561198042060724,Recommended,582660,33242402,Posted: 4 July,all,Mettahearta,Alot of detailed things to do.
,Not Recommended,582660,33812077,Posted: 26 July,all,Beardie,"The Good: Nice music, nice graphics, nice char creation.The Bad: Combat seams to be press buttons until things die while taking no damage, Grinding mobs seams to be the bread and butter.If you are fan of killing mobs till they drop 5 quest items this is the game for you"
76561198074082487,Recommended,582660,33655216,Posted: 19 July,all,VonKlousen,love it
76561198080483822,Recommended,582660,32051450,Posted: 29 May,all,Tutje,"Awesome combat, awesome game."
,Recommended,582660,35315036,Posted: 29 September,all,GODSER1.COM,It's worth the asking price.
76561198047628300,Recommended,582660,35353814,Posted: 30 September,all,SMW,Is ok
,Recommended,582660,35400218,Posted: 1 October,all,Fuzzio,good mmorpg game
,Recommended,582660,35362290,Posted: 30 September,all,Voss,Amazing game!
76561198319256399,Not Recommended,582660,35406847,Posted: 1 October,all,Harmacist,Nothing special. It's a badly optimized MMORPG. The story I really couldn't get into because the framerate was awful. As far as I could tell you don't get anything from paying for it. Something like Wildstar would give you the same level of content for free.
,Not Recommended,582660,33157327,Posted: 2 July,all,Sanitarius,Not my cup of tea. Too much dialog and tedious long periods of boring quests. great graphics and sound though. Just try it yourself.
76561198262680171,Recommended,582660,32854381,Posted: 27 June,all,Playfultay,"Hmm, where do I begin honestly this is probably the best, no.. the most emmersive mmo that I've ever tried and I've pretty much tried them all.You can buy most everything you get in the pearl shop on the marketplace and you don't really need to spend a cent if you don't want to they give you free pets for events and they even give you a mount! How cool is that?! You can even tame a horse and make it your own like what!? That's amazing... everything is amazing!Even better this game is on sale for 7.99 I've played a quite a bit in my few days of playing and I've already made it pretty far it sucks seeing people saying it's p2w it's not at all again like I said everything can be bought in the marketplace with in game currency so there's really no reason not to try this game the people calling it p2w obviously hasn't played very long to know you can get everything without spending money.The combat, character creator, classes, awakening is fantastic!, even the fishing is great, hello fishing simulator like holy crap everything I've done in this game so far been amazing.. WOW, try this game you'll never find another mmo like it out there in the market.Give this game a try I absolutely recommend this game to everyone sure it's a grind but hell! You'll have a lot of fun doing it!10/10Xox"
76561198422056171,Recommended,582660,34989207,Posted: 15 September,all,fatfreakingterroristjakepaul,It sucks
76561198190116611,Recommended,582660,35365011,Posted: 30 September,all,Gape Horn Is Me,i dont have a problemYOU have a problem!!!
76561198070153227,Recommended,582660,32326172,Posted: 10 June,all,DetectiveBubbleNipples,I LIKE GRINDING ON MOBS IT FEELS GOOD.
76561198273507884,Recommended,582660,34891153,Posted: 11 September,all,Blob,neat but with thick thighs :v
76561198395340837,Recommended,582660,35167629,Posted: 23 September,all,JustinLaMay,"Graphics/visuals: 10/10Combat system: 10/10Grindy mmo fetch/kill quests quests: 10/10Endgame:  grind/grindDeveloper: 2/10 Expect to be doing alot of research because this game explains practicaly nothing.Overall this game great as an mmo untill you hit the level softcap and then its just a snoozefest of grinding, atleast until level 59 or 60 when you can actualy start to pvp efectivly and thats fun for a while. Grinding is expected as it in a Korean mmo so if your into a grinding mobs for 12 hours strait i'd say this games a 10/10.If they added a story and voiceacting this game would be 10 times better."
76561198256253784,Recommended,582660,34891731,Posted: 11 September,all,Lost-Replay,One of the best RPG i have played in a while but if you dont have a high end video card such as a GTX 1070 or RX 480/580 you are not going to have frame rate over 45 on normal wich for some people will be to bad to enjoy the game.I have a GTX 1080 SC and i still cant get a stable frame rate at 60Fps
,Recommended,582660,35382197,Posted: 1 October,all,Vampros,"So far, the game is fairly good. but there are 2 glairing issues that stand out.Naming characters even though you pick a Family Name for your account, is game wide and a big issue. For my Berserker i had to dredge up a name of sumarian god... something so obscure that not one other person would have used it, in order to get something that was usable. Plz Devs, make names unice to the family name and not the game as a whole.second issue i have is with the Ranger class. As a primary ranged with a bow (and yes there are the Musa and Maewha classes but they also have swords as a main weapon and the bow as a kind of secondary) the range on the Ranger is so short as you still need to lock on to use attacks. It feels like a token effort to have a bow main class."
,Recommended,582660,35464956,Posted: 4 October,all,Drone Vandalism,Buy this game if you're not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥need not apply.
76561198297944311,Recommended,582660,35268570,Posted: 28 September,all,Takuminuzu,Minecraft was better
76561198326354700,Recommended,582660,34307987,Posted: 17 August,all,Vortex,"Honestly, I have no idea why the recent reviews are mixed. Ive played for roughly 2 hours and let me just this game is unbelievably addictive. This game deserves so much more good reviews! Take it from me this game is very fun and addictive. I thopught for a 10 dollar mmorpg it would be crappy. but this game needs to be 30 bux! The charecters are realilistic and the pve/pvp is also very fun! Totally recommend for anyone looking for a nice mmorpg!"
76561198015206516,Recommended,582660,35045835,Posted: 18 September,all,Calvin,"Negative reviews got that Salt salt mix.Really like this games style, the music, interface. Actual decent player pop. Graphics are top notch, really well designed game world.20+ hours in, really immersive, combo system works. Great graphics. Options for leveling.Like the crafting system from what i've barely done with it, fishing is probably the best i've seen.Some of the missions are strange requiring you to ""learn about the enemy"" exploration is fun.Traveling takes a while but once you get a decent horse it's a bit easier.Great immersion, the npcs are colorful there's alot of dialogue if that's important.Quite a bit of grinding to do, missions dont give a ton of experience but leveling isn't really a crazy challenge like most games feel in my opinion.50+ hours in. One of the better mmo's I have played. This company pretty much nails gaming in my opinion. Do not know how it ended up getting so many bad reviews.The worst part about it is the cosmetic system is lacking aside from the pearl shop, and the ranking system that the worker mechanic requires for gathering. But you can go and gather resources personally.Overall love it."
76561197991869595,Not Recommended,582660,32030686,Posted: 28 May,all,Iridionprime,"I thought I'd give it a try for 6 bucks and here's my short review:Pros:- fun combat- good character creation options- interesting story- lots of crafting skillsCons:- You need energy to chat, yup seriously. And if you talk too much with random folks in general/server chat you can't do any gathering or whatnot because your energy is spent. The whole energy system in Korean mmos like archeage and black desert is fiendishly stupid- no armor variety unless you shell out $20-$30 for a costume. Anyone who can sit there defending that is seriously a con artist's favorite dupe- cluttered UI - typical B-class MMO affair, can be fixed but still a deterrant to players new to the MMO genre- broken quest tracker - gathering missions fail to update and autopath does not lead you back to the NPC quest giver on some missionsIf you are new to the MMO genre you might wanna pass on this if you're looking for more story/dungeon type gameplay. I would recommend ESO or FFXIV (my favorite) any day. This game is more interested in charging exorbitant fees in the pearl shop (in-game item shop) than providing a fun experience to players. Don't get me wrong I enjoy things like item shops in guild wars 2 (this game did it right) but at least gw 2 had some seriously cool armors that you could find in game and they made visual customization a synch. I quit the moment I realized chatting used up energy. The energy system isn't too bad but I'm not a hardcore gamer and I often socialize in MMOs. To place a restriction on chatting, a core feature in a genre based on bringing players together, is completely foolish. Had to pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,582660,32011555,Posted: 27 May,all,spacemunky,"Unplayable due to false-positives from bundled anti-cheat mechanism.Game constantly shuts down with error code 0xE019100B, which is an alert of an unspecified ""external program"" that the game launcher doesn't like. This can be triggered by mouse/keyboard software, video card software, anti-virus, Dropbox, Google Drive, Skype, Wacom drivers, browser plug-ins..."
76561198006358574,Not Recommended,582660,32109305,Posted: 1 June,all,Name Lips,"Having a hard time getting into this game. I know most people are complaining about the grinding, or pay-to-win aspects, but honestly I haven't gotten far enough in the game to care about those things yet.Character creation is awesome, and shows off the graphics amazingly.Combat is interesting, though I personally have a hard time with combo/reflex oriented combat. I end up just button-mashing and hoping combos happen because I can't remember the moves. I was expecting a more wow-oriented interface, where I could use numbers to trigger abilities instead of key/mouse combinations.The problem I'm having is the world... it doesn't seem engaging. It's just misc fantasy world number 5542. I don't feel like the world has an engaging story to make it feel special and unique. I'm moving from misc quest to misc quest, not caring who gave them to me or why they want the quest done. If you used the same map in another game, nobody would notice. It's all so generic it could be used in any fantasy game without looking like it's out of place.The NPCs seem bland and have no personalities other than their outfits. I know it's all translated from Korean, but I personally have a hard time with the language. It doesn't flow naturally, and isn't written the way native English speakers actually talk. I know this is typical of eastern-language translations, but I still find it disorientating and hard to read.I'm having a very hard time getting into it, and it's not giving me any indication that it will be worth it."
,Recommended,582660,31957449,Posted: 25 May,all,charley4k,Fun MMO.
76561198302365241,Not Recommended,582660,32027541,Posted: 28 May,all,iliyan.yankov,"Overall a solid MMORPG, new interesting mechanics, good combat, a bit too much PvP orientated (you cannot avoid Open World PvP even if you want to) for my taste, but I knew that so it's fine.There are some minor issues with the game that are infuriating, given that it is out for few years now.Game is not optimised for higher resolutions and text is unreadable. The only way to fix that is to set your UI scale to 200% but then the minimap covers 1/4 of my 4k TV and I cannot move or resize individual parts of the UI like the minimap or char portrait in 2017.There is no Sell junk button, so you need to think three times before selling every item as there is no easy way to tell them apart.You will have to spend some money in the in-game store, approx 20$ for pets, if you're going to play seriously. Having your loot auto-picked makes a huge difference, so there's no escaping that.There are bots advertised for the game, like auction bots, but at this point I cannot say if they're widely used.So yeah, in final - good game, PvP orientated with some stupid issues that shouldn't be present in 2017 MMORPGS.edit: Not sure about the support too, 24hours+ without answer to a pet question I had and couldn't find the info online."
,Not Recommended,582660,33238566,Posted: 4 July,all,Anthony,"Gender locked classes, no race options, but the biggest problem is the game forces new players to go through a terribly made tutorial with no way of just leaving or walking off.  The tutorial will hog the entire ui of your screen for eternity and you can not remove it without finishing it. If you like open world or having choices in your games then don't buy this trash."
,Not Recommended,582660,32231513,Posted: 6 June,all,Beni,Gender lock? ♥♥♥♥ing really? That ruins any roleplaying I was looking forward to. Can't even play this now. I'll stick with Skyrim. I thought this was 2017 and we didn't have to accept the genders and sex's we're presented with lol first ♥♥♥♥ing feature is a complete ♥♥♥♥ing lie.
76561197961948224,Not Recommended,582660,33040198,Posted: 30 June,all,davi,"Not good. 2/10. Save your money.UI is trash. Incoherent, convoluted and ugly  - 1/10Skills are mediocre at best - 3/10Graphics are the only thing above a 5 out of 10 - 7/10Basically this is a shiny piece of sh*t. There are much better games that are free to play."
76561198202553588,Not Recommended,582660,33246476,Posted: 4 July,all,El Zippy,Way too much grinding.
,Not Recommended,582660,32763521,Posted: 25 June,all,ronwisegamgee,"Played this game for 6 hours, then requested a refund.  I think that, while the combat system is the bee's knees, it's wasted on enemies that barely do anything to you.  I was hoping to get a replacement to my Blade & Soul kick (which is running much worse on my PC than this game), but alas, it was not meant to be.  Not really into the whole trade thing, either, and talking to every NPC that is designated as a ""?"" on the mini-map is such a waste of time."
76561198044824616,Not Recommended,582660,33570299,Posted: 15 July,all,Vins,"Quest tracker is terrible and general overview over the quest missions are crap. You'll find yourself accepting 20 quests and either waste way too much time(because you have to google every single step) or only finish a few of them.That aside, it's decent at best.Not enough graphic setting customizationTerrible for low-end PCs"
76561198224352808,Not Recommended,582660,35253361,Posted: 27 September,all,TheOrangeBottleCap,"I played this game once here on steam pretty much when it first came out and was almost impressed... Simply due to the fact I never got past the first loading screen after making or choosing a character so basically as far as other people are saying about it I was lucky I guess cuz I didn't have to waste time, money, and patience with this supposedly great mmo rpg based around an almost pay to win system...... More like pay to not wanna kill you're mid first few hours of gameplay"
76561198303742542,Not Recommended,582660,32027277,Posted: 28 May,all,Dynamics1117,"Unfortunately, I can't recommend this game, and while the combat style is good, and the quests are numerous, and the free world is large, and it was cheap to buy and free to play, it was just not fun to play. I wasn't challenged, I felt like everything was simply a grind, and the rewards were garbage in a sense that I didn't feel like I was accomplishing anything. There were good things, and there is a bunch that I haven't done yet, so don't make a decision based on my opinion alone. You might enjoy it, and I didn't hate it, but I didn't really enjoy it much. I'll try more later, and will post a 2nd review down the line."
76561198027802652,Not Recommended,582660,32024941,Posted: 28 May,all,AnythingQuiet,"A bit of warning, if you've downloaded the trial version off the Black Desert Online site and wanted to keep that account. You need to buy the game off their site. It won't link with the Steam version, instead it'll have you register a new account."
76561198111035472,Not Recommended,582660,32233954,Posted: 7 June,all,Kekistan Border Patrol,"Good game, really it is quite fun, but... there's somethingPros:-Outstanding character creation-Fluid and well animated movement-Combat is great fun and also well animated-Great graphics, lighting and attention to detail-Good open world-Interesting art designMeh:-Bad English dub but I can look past that-Will attract weebs for sure-T&A physicsCons:-Full of ""go here kill a thing / get a thing"" quests-Runs like GTA V on a Pentium II-Awful UI-HUD is cramed with junk-Classes are gender locked-Confusing story-Oh and what was that last thing?.. Oh, yes that's it!, IT INSTALLS ♥♥♥♥ING SPYWARE ON YOUR PC. XingCode AntiCheat is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It moniters everything you do on your C drive and sends the data to some server. It is a prick to uninstall and it dosen't even ask you to be installed. It just does it without you knowing and hides itself on your PC. What the ♥♥♥♥ Valve? Now I have some shady company with the ability to see everything I do with the files on my C drive and i can't get rid off it."
76561198217216869,Recommended,582660,32015535,Posted: 28 May,all,Mike,"I can't run this game on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC, 10/10 would try to Run Again."
76561198055203826,Not Recommended,582660,35169102,Posted: 23 September,all,QuantumShadow,"I was only able to put one hour into the game untill I lost all interest. Borning questsm simple graphics, gender locked questions and no fluidity between classes. The spirt campainion that just happends to be helping you withough a back story is kida lame. The combat system seems like it could be cool if it had a zooming system like skyrim where you can switch to first person when you want. The hud is clutterd and lazy looking and nothing is explained. Not impressed"
,Recommended,582660,34780840,Posted: 6 September,all,ThePotatoSenpai,"After years of WoW(since TBC) - I really have to say - this is currently the best MMORPG out there! Except for one thing - Lore wise it's nothing special, just meh. There's little to nothing about it's story, except you do some reearch on your own.Alright, to clarify one thing, which is probably the most important of them all.The ""PAY 2 WIN"" -It's not Pay 2 Win, not even near that to be honest.You can't buy ANYTHING which will grant you an advantage in PvP.You can buy every single pearl shop item on the marketplace, if someone sells it. Sure, demand is high, tons of people are camping it, but yes, it's possible.But lets start with the price: Basegame 9,99€In terms of PvE? Yes, pets. Pets loot for you. Which may seem quite pointless at first, it actually is really important and basically a must have. Why? Later on you'll kill entire packs of mobs within seconds - and to stay efficient, you have to keep the grind going, elsewise you'll have a huge loss of silver/exp per hour.You should get 4 pets later on, price: ~10€ per pet. - 40€ + basegame = 50€You should try to snipe Value Packs on the marketplace, or just buy them monthly for 15€. (Gives you more EXP, gives you more slots, more weight, more storage space, distant node investment(saves a LOT of travelling, even tho I travel almost every single time to train my horse), 30% bonus to marketplace sales and unlimited usage to merv's palette(to dye every single piece of your armor, weapon, horse and so on) and character creator.Is it worth it? Definitely!For the first month you have a free Value Pack anyway, if you want to buy more, it's up to you.So by now you have invested 50€ (which is the same price as for WoW), exclusive the 15€ monthly.Even tho you can sell anything on the market place, there's a thing - a) you have a limitation how much you can sell b) even then it's not even close to worth it.. why?Value Pack = 15€Value on the market = 14.000.000 Silver, then comes tax and you receive a bit less than 12.000.000. (this is nothing + farmed in ~60-120 minutes.)Other items like coustumes, which cost 34€, goes away for 37 mil instead.. which is again.. nothing.Alright, so you do not get any real boost in terms of silver.What else you could buy is weight, inventory space, transaction/storage maid.But if you plan on doing so, always wait for sales. They throw out coupons quite often, like 20% off. Which is great.If I'd be honest, I'd say WoW is more P2W than BDO. For the matter of fact - you can sell your monthly subscription (token) in WoW and get ~240.000 Gold for it(which is a LOT).. and then you're a rich ♥♥♥♥♥. And this for 23 bucks..You can boost yourself to 100, you can buy yourself some proper mounts, you can buy yourself maxed out professions.And all of this.. yeah, it's pathetic, because this is like saving a lot, a  LOT of time to gain a LOT of income.(you can't even buy mounts in BDO, those have to be achieved by your own and mounts.. mounts are very, very important)There are free game passes as well, you can try out the game for 7 days, before buying.But to be fair - you can always refund on steam and it's cheap.Always try to look at a game this way: Every hour of playtime is either 5 or 10 bucks worth. I'm fairly sure you'll hit the 100 hours in no time.TL;DRBDO is not Pay2Win, if you have a different perspective, look above.Gameplay wise, no tab-targeting, feels great so slaughter through packs of enemies, PvP can be very fun and super-challenging. Balancing is quite ""ok"", not perfect, but show me any MMO with great balancing, it just doesn't work.Graphics/Performance Graphics are over the top, the first MMO which has such nice graphics. While the performance goes ""meh"" in cities/world boss fights, it's always above 100 elsewhere. I'm not really angry about it since there are a few hundred players to present in small ""towns"".Character Creator - one of the best creators currently available. They're being used in the Dungeons & Dragons scene quite a lot now.World boss fights - There's a Discord ""IHAEU/IHAUS"" which has a live-ticker for how much HP a boss has left, when it spawned and so on. There's a boss timer as a website as well,  great to know when the spawn-window opens.What it is? When the boss spawns, you get a notification on the top - everyone rushes there to kill it, which may take some time, can be quite challenging.Guild Wars - it happens in the open world, no instancing in BDO. Guild A declares war on Guild B, because Guild B was trashtalking, PKing, being naughty w/e the reason may be. Now both guilds can kill each other without facing a penalty.But your Guild Master may give you protection, so if they want to kill you, they have to enable PvP, which will result in Karma loss.Karma system- If you activate PvP you can attack any player above Level 50 outside a safe zone, you'll lose Karma for that, if the person didn't activate PvP as well. Negative Karma - access a city, the guards will slaughter you. People can kill you wherever they want to, even in safe zones and they won't face a penalty for it. The desert features a jail, which may take up to a few hours to get out, or just a few minutes.Currently, it doesn't have ""Raids"" like in WoW, but with the new map-expansion ""Kamasilve"" you'll  need a group to farm there, since enemies are a lot stronger there. But eventually, WoW had it's patterns for every raid, in BDO you have patterns for bosses, mobs and so on. Only difference - you have to be far more active in BDO than in WoW, since you can actually block, dodge, iFrame(invulnerability frame), super Armor, frontal Guard to avoid damage/CC.The customer support.. yeah, with all the tickets they got bothered by me already, definitely 10/10.Super responsive, personal, no copy-paste-robotic-replies.. always willing to help.Did you receive a reward on the wrong character? They'll swap it.And rewards - daily login rewards which can be either a box with a super-special ring which is worth a lot of silver, food, a nice buff, combat book-7 days + 50% exp and a lot more.House Fame Fund - the more level your family(all your characters) have, the more silver you get per day.The more you do in your guild, your guild contract may rise up to a few million per day.Node imperium - you create yourself a business network with nodes - nodes like a mine for iron, zinc, coal, copper etc. Farm for Potatoes, Wheat to make beer or food for your pets. Flax, Cotton for clothes, sailboat etc.Then you can invest in workshops in the cities to craft clothes, weapons, armor, furniture for your housing and so on.Housing - you buy a residence (any house is suitable for that) and then you can decorate it just like in The Sims.And probably the best part for the majority of players-This is the only game which features actual AFK-Progress.You can AFK fish - which will grant you a fair amount of income.You can AFK process - melting, heating, grinding, cooking, filtering, shaking etc.You can AFK train your horse - autoloop a path.You can AFK carry heavy goods to be stronger to carry more items.Basically, all of your lifeskills can be done this way.And probably the best thing about BDO - AUTOPATHING - you click on the map> right click the destination > press T > profit - your character runs/rides there on it's own.The RNG can be painful.Few days after I started I made my Liverto DUO with 0 FS by accident.Now I struggle to get my new awakening Weapon to 15+ with 38FS. (ik, save it.. but I would sell a Tri Ogre to a vendor to get this awak to 15+ now.. :D)On one hand, you can be superlucky like me, or you can spend 23525€ and still be as unlucky as I have become.Money won't change the RNG in any way.Overall, I'd rate this game a 9/10.Maybe the devs will find a way to optimize it a bit more, so we get more FPS in cities.i7 6700K, 1070 Gaming X MSI ~100+FPS while grinding, PVP - settings maxed out."
,Not Recommended,582660,35409956,Posted: 2 October,all,Higashikata Josuke,buy this game if you want it to crash every time you try to connect to server simple korean trash its doesnt work money grab p2w trash
,Not Recommended,582660,32312541,Posted: 10 June,all,Sophin,"Very weak customization, terrible voice acting and story in general, non-memerable gameplay. wouldn't play this game even if i was getting paid to do it"
76561198091666550,Not Recommended,582660,33252688,Posted: 4 July,all,Dark Redd,"I took a s*** and it was better than BDO servers, also I could have played with my s*** unlike this game.TL;DR Servers don't work and I can't play my old characters since it quits my game after it says it won't connect."
,Not Recommended,582660,33315792,Posted: 6 July,all,benjazzhands,trash
76561198056943346,Not Recommended,582660,32485894,Posted: 16 June,all,subdik,no
,Not Recommended,582660,34051494,Posted: 5 August,all,Oorgnid,"This game is kinda like when you're wiping after a hot dump, and your finger penetrates the toilet paper.  Hot and messy.  Not for me."
76561198060229669,Recommended,582660,32743542,Posted: 24 June,all,Fugazi Nword From Benghazi,"gets me nice and hard, play it if ur a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of life"
,Recommended,582660,34029204,Posted: 4 August,all,The Prince of Darkness,"If u love MMOs  this is the way to go this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awsum. Dont worry about makeing money or the econamy its all taken cair of follow the tutorial and u have a beginers daly income of 200,000silver wich can be improved upon in time. The Econimy wich is a big issue for most games even tera. Is not a Issue at all here. its a ♥♥♥♥ing golden age. Gear is simple there dosent seem to be fancy gear just reguler armor liked ud of seen back then. Idk if theres a level requierment cuzz enemys seem to be affected more by ur level then the weapons they help dont get me rong. but the over all change is mostly made up of ur level. U can not harm enemys who exesivly high then u nor can enemy way lower then u harm u. So the Rush to get that good looking gear is gone. however u realy want that over the top look theres outfits in the perl shop. wich is  a shop where u spend real money. The game's combat is flawless. Its like nothing i have seen on a MMO. The hot keys ud normly use for speciles are optional as u can use diretional keys on the keybord with mouse to activate them too. Leveling is prity fast anyway u slice it. So that aganizeing grind isent there. Eveything is in game include horse armor.  agien its normle horse armor nothing fancy. but u can get fancy in the store. Thats basicly where u go if u want fancy stuff its not realy that essential to the over all game. id immagen its mainly for aditional income for the company rather then gameplay. U could remove it and still have a fully flushed out well made game. btw u can fight on horse back."
76561197961103727,Not Recommended,582660,32839619,Posted: 26 June,all,ONi,"After playing 125 hours and reaching lvl 53 Striker, lvl 20 Wizard and 5 other lvl 15s, I cannot recommend this game.Aside from the Xign anti-cheat software, this game is made for one purpose only : to milk your wallet.Black Desert Online is an asian fantasy role-playing mmo focused on pvp and gambling. There are some pve element but to reach end-game pve, you'll need to grind for months to reach it which relies on black stones you can either craft, grind or buy from the trading house. You will need black stones to upgrade your gear because every gear has levels and they're about the same. In-game money of 10,000,000 silver is the equivalent of 8$ USD and game store of 1000 pearls is 10$ USD. When I said this game this game is focused on gambling, it is because it works like a slot machine whenever you use a black stone to upgrade your gear. For a weapon, the first seven levels has a 100% success rate but past that, the higher you go, the lower the chances and it really falls down where you NEED to rely on failstacks which are imaginary bonuses that increases your chance to succeed. Let's say to reach end-game gear, you'll need about 150 AP, that means you're going to need about 115 black stones per gear (primary wpn, secondary wpn, shoes, gloves, armor, helmet) which is a total of 230 weapon black stones @ 300,000 silver and 460 armor black stone @ 250,000 silver.A grand sum of 184,000,000 silver, in just upgrading your gear but then you'll also need to upgrade your accessories which is a very special case. To upgrade your accessories, you need two of a kind and if you fail, you lose both of them.In one month @ 125 hours of gameplay, I've reached 80,00,000 silver so personally, it'll take me around 3-4 months. A lot of people manages to make millions per hour but that's if you're willing to throw away real money to buy pearls and use those pearls to buy pets (10$ each) and weight limit increase (50,100,150,200 - 1 of each).Also, costumes costs between 20$ to 40$. You might get a costume in-game but if it says 7D, it means it'll disappear after that week of use is over.To conclude, this game is a money pitfall and even though it is gorgeous, it is badly optimised which will force your hand to lower your graphics to be able to do world bosses but that's only after you've geared yourself to reach endgame. Levels don't matter. Your AP/DP does and depending on how much money you've spent on the shop will vary to how quickly you'll reach it. Another thing, the Dev or publisher don't recognize there's lag so they will do nothing to fix that so either quit or get used to it."
76561198045083287,Not Recommended,582660,32489097,Posted: 16 June,all,Sereit,"I played a lot MMO and this is a summary of this:horse have stamina and hp, for recovery buy items wt real money, horse can die, horse dont follow you unless you have the item cost money, banks dont link between them, weight= buy more with r money, basically to play this game you have to spend."
76561198203383844,Not Recommended,582660,34261504,Posted: 15 August,all,Memes_Be_Green,"Combat feels like an endless button Smash-Bros until you break your keyboard.The graphics look like somebody threw wet paper towels up in the ceiling. seriously, why does it need to look like 100x post processing?Questing is making me gouge out my eyes with a fork.The Texture popping is making me lose my appetite.And the ♥♥♥♥ing UI is a mess I rather watch a miracle whip review on youtube than play this game."
76561198010923056,Not Recommended,582660,32379981,Posted: 12 June,all,Sissons7,"Shouldn't even be available for sale until they fix the disconnect issues. From what I've seen a significant portion of the playerbase can't connect/stay connected to the game for more than a few minutes. From the minimal time I've been able to play the gameplay seems great, but the constant disconnects just makes this feel like a waste of $10."
,Not Recommended,582660,34108484,Posted: 8 August,all,D-Vice,"Would refund, but I got more than 2 hours. got 3 hours.Here is why I will be cutting my losses and uninstalling.#1, This one really bugs me. I should NOT be able to run through things. It makes the game feel cheap and really takes away from it. Example, a horse drawn wagon going down a road. I ran straight through it. I try jumping on it I go striaght through it again. So cheesey.#2 The time seems to be perpetual high noon. Never did night come, or a different sun position. Just always WAY TOO BRIGHT.#3 The graphics are meh. I have them on highest settings and it's still just meh. An attempt at high detail character faces, and then the rest just feels slapped together.#4 The voice acting is terrible.#5 Auto run to quest, don't turn mouse, character runs sideways. Again taking away from feeling even slightly realThe whole game feels wonky. It feels really cheap. It feels very amature made.I was very excited to play this game after watching videos, and reading thoughts on it. It was a big let down for me after playing just for a short while."
76561198155433166,Not Recommended,582660,35092390,Posted: 20 September,all,BrickTop,"Well, as a new player and after more than 3 hours playing as 1 character (after spending half an hour making my character and another half an hour trying to make a name that was not in use) and trying to make a second character to try a new class and being unable to get in game thanks to not being able to make a name that is not in use, I will add my thoughts on this game so far. So far, I am not impressed.You are given an option when loading in the game to make a family name. Now you would think that given a family name you would be more open and free to creating first names because the family name is unique. Well, that would be wrong. Family name seems to mean nothing, and you still have to go through a slew of names to even be able to come up with anything, to the point where you have to be creative and come up with something unique as the thousands upon thousands of names are taken (at least english names I tried). This is just making a character let alone actually getting IN the damn game. I have been sat currently on my completed character typing in random names and no matter what I try, they are already in use. IT......IS.....MADDENING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Whoever came up with the idea to make family names NOT unique and instead make first names unique needs to have there arms tied behind their back and a bag of fleas dropped down their pants.Thanks to this maddening example, I cannot reccomend this game. Noone is meant to spend more than 30 minutes trying to come up with a name for a character. The family name should be the unique and then you would have the freedom to give your character any first name that suits them, not be stuck like this. It makes the entire reason for a family name pointless. This is a joke and I am not laughing."
,Recommended,582660,35342043,Posted: 30 September,all,$ply ;;,i'm obsessed with this game please help...
,Not Recommended,582660,34859697,Posted: 10 September,all,Ck141,"I bought the game and then spent an hour creating my character. Mind you my pc is over the minimum requirements. As I entered the game, I discovered that I couldn't play it for♥♥♥♥♥♥ So I spent the next 2 hours testing options and trying to fix it. And surprise surprise as I went to refund I discovered I have clocked 3 hours and 36 minutes game time. So no refund for me. I feel totally ripped off and steam refuses to refund me, even though I have refund a single game in the last 2 or so years."
,Not Recommended,582660,34314688,Posted: 17 August,all,Rainbow Dash,disneyland is welfare compared to this game
,Not Recommended,582660,33153254,Posted: 2 July,all,Tom,"Not optimized for anything above 1080p, and if you were to downscale from your monitor resolution, the game changes your actual monitor's resolution rather than just the games'."
76561198272970556,Not Recommended,582660,32395295,Posted: 13 June,all,23hernandav00,I never got to play it never opened
,Recommended,582660,32021039,Posted: 28 May,all,KingHaek ⍨,Waifusimulator 2017.*_*
,Not Recommended,582660,34047201,Posted: 5 August,all,nekowaffercat,Found out I don't like MMOs...  otherwise I can't complain about the game at all.
76561198017900794,Not Recommended,582660,33181286,Posted: 3 July,all,stanilarion,"What I think is okay:- Good graphicsWhat I think is not good:- Can be bit buggy and laggy- Hate all the side quests, just because some rewards are beneficial- Takes too long to get things done"
,Recommended,582660,33476792,Posted: 12 July,all,Danny,very grindy made for mobile but ported to pc
76561197983740248,Not Recommended,582660,33638332,Posted: 18 July,all,seb,Can't say that the game plays bad but I can't get over the stuff and players popping up 10 feets infront of me on very high settings.The developer make it clear through it's name the point of this game - an abyss to suck you in.Also looks like they want you to be the   b i t c h   of some dark spirit - thats the story.Can't recommand.
,Recommended,582660,32663899,Posted: 22 June,all,♛s3baz,OMG so I see a trailer an little bit of game play and I absolutely love I but there is one thing that made me love this game and my mind was blown and  here it is YOU CAN HAVE A PET RED PANDAS OMG OMG OMG soooo amazing I LOV IT AND I HAD TO BUYTHE PANDA so I bought it and named it kilo and he help me collects me loots 10/10 on the pets okay egough with the pets the combat is so addicting and really fun I give it 8/10
,Not Recommended,582660,32839393,Posted: 26 June,all,Levi,"No, installs♥♥♥♥♥♥anti cheat and looks at all your stuff. Also just not my tyoe of game thought i would like it. Just get onigiri"
,Recommended,582660,32211945,Posted: 5 June,all,Sstrayz,"AWESOME! Disregard all the banter of the anti-cheat, tin-head wearing humans are irrelative."
,Not Recommended,582660,32741816,Posted: 24 June,all,Dark Thoughts,"Pretty cash grabby, item store items certainly do affect the game quite a bit - especially the pets (which you at least need 3 of, better all 4 and even more if you want to breed them) but also some other stuff.If that's pay 2 win depends on your interpretation of the term ""win"", getting anythinhg of this stuff legit will certainly cost you a lot of times and nerves (at least of what is to get in a legit way anyway).Character creation is nice, even though it got some annoying limits that could blast it through the roof, however the actual character customization like with armor and costumes is very bad and barebone. There are only a hand full of armor designs, you cannot put them into the costume slots, costumes are very limited and extremely expensive (~30+ euros) and also provide bonuses which I'm not a fan of (or generally cash shop items that affect direct gameplay), colors are basically impossible to get but you can get the equivalent of a monthly sub to use free coloring as long as it is active (I'm not sure if it goes per char or account though since 90% of the stuff is character bound / exclusive).The real reason I really cannot recommend this however is the simple fact that the servers are chokingly full which leads to pretty much lags all the time, the channels being chokingly full which leads to a lot of playerkilling on farm / grind spots and the people responsible for both seemingly do not care much about it since they already have our money.Overall it does a lot of cool things, it looks great, but it does so many things wrong or in a weird way which is mostly because it is designed around its cash shop that it kind of kills the true potential this game actually has."
,Recommended,582660,33211778,Posted: 3 July,all,Soviet Corgi,"idk man, just buy it"
,Not Recommended,582660,32632088,Posted: 21 June,all,anubis,"its not 10 dollars the demo is 10 dollars would be a great game if not for being forced to buy inventory, weight space, and pets (which all are mandatory if you dont want to take 3 years to collect loot or have a place to put that loot or the luckest person alive.) this ""game"" should be more along the line of 60 with max invo space,  a couple pets, and max weight as the micro transactions are extremley high priced (10 dollars for 1 pet wtf?)  also the premium service which isnt requierd but be damned if you dont have it."
,Not Recommended,582660,33263873,Posted: 5 July,all,Spectre,Lots of technical issues in the game that need to be addressed by the developers.
,Recommended,582660,33900244,Posted: 30 July,all,TheEntireWigglesDiscography,Its okay I guess.
,Recommended,582660,33159172,Posted: 2 July,all,ᴄɪᴛʀᴜs,"if you have money, you win."
76561198366953166,Recommended,582660,34830516,Posted: 8 September,all,a_456789,GRINDING!!!
76561198382261372,Recommended,582660,32301912,Posted: 9 June,all,"Heather,kettle,games,",Great Game!
76561198343123288,Recommended,582660,35277077,Posted: 28 September,all,NashiGD pvpro.com,It is a good game but it gets boring
76561197990531728,Recommended,582660,34925715,Posted: 13 September,all,Bardiche Bridie,.
76561198011727723,Not Recommended,582660,33061158,Posted: 30 June,all,BroOrbRob skinhub.com,eh
,Recommended,582660,34760169,Posted: 5 September,all,N1ckW,Good
,Recommended,582660,35124916,Posted: 22 September,all,Grahu,nice bobs
76561197977561342,Not Recommended,582660,32094078,Posted: 31 May,all,WunderChicken,They Shoul notCant log in because I tried the game at their homeside and then I bought the game at Steam and now I can not start the game.Their service department must be placed in Russia or China....
,Not Recommended,582660,32146219,Posted: 3 June,all,DI - cha the bronze,Attempt to register with email. Says will send verification code. Got code. Try to verify says wrong verification code. Try again does not work. Reload game now says my email is used and wont let me register again with my main email. Attempt to register with secondary email now just loads forever. No point in purchasing this game. Might as well go back to playing WOW with the amount of time i've waited LOL.
,Not Recommended,582660,34321702,Posted: 17 August,all,jguax,its k.
76561198040461258,Not Recommended,582660,32411390,Posted: 14 June,all,Amatrelan,"Ok this is not full review but don't bother write anymore. This is just how sad stage social interaction is in BDO.Ok first little bit about myself. I started sandbox mmorpg gaming at young age when I got first PC (over 20 years ago) and played game named BATMUD. Ever since I have loved idea of freedom in games. Ever since I have played many other sandbox games and lastest what I have played long time is EVE online, about 6 years now. And also played Entropia Universe quite long with friends.“Black Desert Online is a sandbox, living-world MMORPG. Experience fast-paced, action-packed combat, hunt monsters and huge bosses...” and so on straight from Steam page.First of all what sandbox brings in mind is:-Freedom to do whatever you want.-You can affect other people with your decisions (For ex. You decide to be armorsmith so you craft gears to others for money and help them to advance in combat).-Huge amount social interactions and group play.And then MMORPG what brings in mind:-Well mmorpg stands for massive multiplayer online role playing game…-Even more social interactions than sandbox.-Fantasy for that you work as group against enemies.I could continue both lists for long time but I try to focus this time just for social aspects of both themes.And what other sandbox mmorpg’s has:-Marketplace / Auction House-Chat-Group play (in leveling and specific item farming)-Dungeons-Raids / World bosses-Guilds (Working together working for node war, gvg, making ship/or anything, guild inside trading, supporting new players in guild. And whatever, you name it)-Player to Player Trading-Hauling / Trading-PVP-Crafting… (This list could continue even longer but you get the point already)Ok and what social interactions BDO has:-Marketplace (where you can’t even decide prices).(?)-And General/World/Server chat. (Don’t say RP chat… ffs this game needs moderators).-Field bosses (?)-Guilds (Working together working for node war, gvg, making ship).-PVP (To some extend)-Dueling-½ Crafting (?)-Hitchhiking to Pirate islandsOk I explain ? marked first:You can’t set prices in Marketplace.Why that is bad for social interactions? For first of all it ruins crafting in this game (for ex. there is no point to put Boat to marketplace at all, what then ruins some social interactions from this game because you have to “craft” it by yourself and most likely never meet anyone while you’re doing that).You can’t have marketplace “war” at all. Undercutting other players and etc.While I understand this design and reasons behind it I still don’t like it at all. You can stop inflation and deflation but there should be better way to do that than this.Field Bosses:Well what I have watched streams and everything there is almost 0 interactions in this, only social element what this got is Discord IHA channel about boss spawns. After that you run to that place, attack boss and hope for loot. If no loot, go do other things before next spawns. If loot, go do other things before next spawns. As you can see in-game there is most likely 0 social interactions in this “event”. There won’t even come any importance feeling for player to kill field bosses at current stage. (Dunno have they changed but if loot is dependent of your damage done if not then next is relevant). Taking out “Holy Trinity” from MMO games are generally bad move, at least for social gaming (I don’t even get why the hell companies have decided to drop Holy Trinity). There is no importance for anyone. Everyone is as useless / useful as anyone else, everyone just thinks himself. For ex. Valkyrie sees someone is at low hp, but she won’t most likely use heal for half dead unknown player because she isn't rewarded for that (This applies also outside of field bosses. More about this in Party section).PVP:Well... Karma is a *****. I don’t quite get why single faction games make things like this. It punishes you for PVP and keeps everyone on leash. Not nice, also as social interactions. Again limiting something what sandboxes would never do this way. Check EVE online bounty system That alone would create new social interactions outside of PVP just changing PVP. And that would give world PVP whole new meaning (and more Ninjas).And this is not exactly but this game needs tagging system for mobs. Karma griefing is too common.And ½Crafting:Why half crafting? Well most crafting is useless. And not rewarding. Only crafting “professions” what are useful are Alchemy, Cooking,Refining, Wagon / Horse accessories (If I’m missing something tell). Too many “crafting professions” are useless at current stage. Enemies drop better gear than you can craft what is totally against idea of sandbox. I would agree if bosses drop material what is required to endgame gear but not this, straight best loot from boss. -BANG “social interaction is dead”. And for RP players that is quite big hit, I don’t RP that much but I straight away decided to drop even idea to start in this game.Well that was main points and only ? marked things, well and here is things what most likely ppl try to tell there is:Group play (Leveling / Farming items):Well no, and no.First of all Leveling as group you get per monster 60% of exp if it’s group of two players. Well coordinated group you might get it to close 100%-120% when playing right. Both persons kills their own mobs and kill speed is close to same so you can get close to 100%-120%. But if other got lower ap and kill speed is lower then you get only lower amount exp than solo. Also to point out you get only half loot also when you play with other one so for money things it’s not good.Also if you are ex. farming witch earrings for your friend and yourself you can’t trade that item if you get more drop. Uttery stypid.Trading:This game has minigame named Trading, what comes first in mind is similar to EVE online trading. You haul stuff from one marketplace to another and sell higher. But no there is none social interactions in this. When I first time saw Wagons I thought “AH finally game where hauling is useful like in EVE” But then started to play and was quite disappointed.Well that is most likely everything I feel about this game social aspects. I don't even bother to start talk about how to fix becouse there is so many easy fixes for this (trading anyone?).And also I don't mind that game supports solo play but I hate that when it penaltilizes for group play."
76561198190523083,Not Recommended,582660,35484426,Posted: 4 October,all,Debbie.Osterwald,"This game is awful.  Do not waste your money and certainly not your time.  First the game takes nearly 3 days to download, then it takes so long to launch that you think it's locked up so you start messing with your PC's system settings like all the advice online suggests you to do.  Then when you leave the black launch screen of nothingness alone for nearly 10 minutes while you're researching what could possibly be wrong, it suddenly puts out a splash screen and gets your hopes up that it's finally working!  And so you hang in for another 5 minutes when the start screen finally stutters it's way onto the screen.  Next you realize that in order to select the Start button you have to click the mouse like a derranged person to get even one click to register.  Then it authoritatively plops a window in the middle of your view stating that it is Loading Now.  Again yoru hope resurges!  Only to be dashed by the Server selection page.  Now don't bother trying to pick a specific server here, because no matter how derranged your clicking the only button that's gonna work is the Random Server button.  Ok fine, whatever you just want to get on with it already.  Now that authorative Now Loading. window plops into view again.  So here we go! right?? wrong.  Now we've moved on to the Character selection screen.  Then again if you're like me this is sometimes the highlight of the game, building yourself into a new world.  Ok Then!  Let's do this!  ... ... ... By now you should be used to having to wait.  However after sacrificing 30 minutes of your life staring at the single line of instruction to Choose Your Character without anything else appearing.  This is where you lose all hope of Ever playing this game that you've wasted ten bucks & three days worth of precious download time on.  So please save yourself.  Do not buy this game.  Do not download this game.  And Most Impotantly Do Not Get your Hopes Up of Thinking that You'll Ever Get To Actually Play This Game!"
76561197966815410,Not Recommended,582660,32056780,Posted: 29 May,all,Kunkka,"I just bought the game to warn you people.And yes i downloaded the 50gb just to tell you my opinion. :DI played last year for 6 month when the game was relatively fresh.First, it's everything you expect from a korean grinder and nothing more, well graphic is pretty awesome though ...There were some major updates to bring the game on par with the Korean version but in its core it's the same.I talked to a couple of people from my old guild who played a little longer to verify my thoughts.The game itself is fun to a part, till you want to reach the endgame content and there the problem starts.- Grinding:You have to grind a lot and by a lot i mean at least a couple hours per day. At least you can decide between monsters or materials for crafting.- Drop rates:Abysmal, you see people getting tons of rare items but trust me you won't be one of them.Short story time: Once one of my Guild Members was farming Ogres, which are over farmed like hell and there are only 10(!) on the whole map with a 10min respawn timer. So he got the 0.001% item two times in a night while other members farmed them for month and got nothing. As i said korean grinder ...- Crafting:Is limited by points you generate over time, if you don't have a monthly subscription just forget about crafting.Most of the stuff you craft is utterly useless, the best weapon and armor are drops crafting is only for money making nothing more.I was Alchemy master rank 8, potion are rarely used so if you play the game don't be an Alchemist ;)- PVEGrinding, though there were some ""instances"" put in one of the updates but its endgame and you will need a lot of time to see them. Story sucks, no need to make an extra point- PVP is good, i mean rly good. I have to say that i'm not the average player, i played at least 8h a day including class training and group pvp training. If you don't have that time or you are not a genius don't buy this game. 1on1 is kinda balanced GvG is also quite good. The problem here is that big guilds will dominate, which results in a big zerg and the Guild with more aoe classes will win. Here I have to point out, the guild i was in, was lead by a member of the WoW guild Method and every single player was on a high skill lvl. Which made pvp (even against superior numbers) a lot of fun.And ofc open pvp, enjoy getting ganked all day long with no gear as a new player and yes no catch up mechanic you are just ♥♥♥♥ed for the next year.The end content of the game is PVP if you are not into hardcore PVP dont play this game.- GearUpgrading gear is pretty frustrating, if you never played a korean mmo it's going to be really frustrating.You upgrade your gear, from lvl 1-20, till 15 you are fine you have a chance to fail which will cost you a couple of million each try but nah don't worry you will somehow get there ... From 15 - 20 you can fail and your weapon will go down in lvl. Example: lvl 16 Weapon upgrade to lvl 17 -> goes down to lvl 15 and you are back the start …For people who start new, there i no catch up mechanic, you are just ♥♥♥♥ed, 100% ♥♥♥♥ed no ones wants you because of your gear sucks as said in “- PVP”. ´You need at least 6 month or a lot of money to catch up.Edit: Did i mention your accessories can get destroy if you fail to upgrade them. :D- And of course P2W:Yeah game is P2W. Too much benefits from the Item Shop and ofc you got the monthly subscription which without you don't need to play the game. Even the cosmetic items, which cost 20 euro per complete costume gives benefits for you character. Pet bonus, crafting points and and and ... the game in one big cash grab that's why they moved to steam … i spend 800 euros in this 6 months money is gone for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.Edit: You can sell Shopitems via the Auctionhouse.Edit:Hacking and boting:One example was the automated fishing bot, which is basically implemented in the game and one of the selling points (lol). The normal afk fisher got one fish every 2-3mins the bot was able to get one every 10 seconds. Fishes sell for a high price and fishing is one of the easiest way to make money. With the bot you were able to 20 fold you revenue out of fishing. Daum was not able to do something against it till i stopped playing. Guess that's still there policie ...TL:DR:  Overall i would give the game 40/100, for some time killing its okay but to play it over a longer time its just too repetitive (like all the mmos atm). AND IT IS A PVP GAME GO PLAY DOTA OR CS:GO, IT'S AT LEAST BALANCEDKind RegardsEdit 29.05.2017: Ingame sells via Auctionhouse, Hacking/boting, accessoriesEdit 05.06.2017: Just tried the game again for a week, everything is except like it was before botting p2w option etc etc. Only good thing is there are extra servers for Steam. So you dont feel the unfairness in the 1st month. enjoy wasteing your money"
76561198041351963,Not Recommended,582660,33133081,Posted: 2 July,all,CallSignWooster,"Ok so when I got the game it worked fine and was great fun.... a week later I can't even get it to load, I can't get a refund either.  I've been in contact with both steam and the BDO support but nothing works.  Complete waste of money."
,Not Recommended,582660,33174106,Posted: 3 July,all,Swedish Fish,way too grindy game for me + outcome of all your days of effort is determined by RNG in the end
,Recommended,582660,33502310,Posted: 13 July,all,Walter White,I was playing  for a little nnit lost half my orbsover50 if you can giveme some casnh and i wont refund
76561198037141754,Not Recommended,582660,33136933,Posted: 2 July,all,tsem13,"I will not say much , too many in game advertices about everything.Riddiculus shop announces all the timeI am sorry devs , you made a perfect game from graphic perspective , but this is all i will give ya.P2W game with no end.Nice to buy it and kill some time but nothing above this , if you don't buy the explorers or the gear from shop you are doomed , simple as that.I do hope that it will be fixed more , espcially those announcements that even if you disable em from settings they don't stop :P the graphics are indeed perfect."
76561198316700905,Recommended,582660,32305977,Posted: 9 June,all,Waifu Z,kawaii and fun to play :3
76561198008080950,Recommended,582660,32696265,Posted: 23 June,all,encantador_revolution,Spot Taken
76561198055512870,Not Recommended,582660,32575103,Posted: 19 June,all,happyclip,Worst game ever so bad
,Recommended,582660,33637875,Posted: 18 July,all,Zephyr,//todo
76561198142969197,Recommended,582660,33631147,Posted: 18 July,all,30-11,Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,582660,33632457,Posted: 18 July,all,Jxssxcx121,"Decent game, nice people just a bit hard to get in to. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,582660,32695211,Posted: 23 June,all,Noctys,"Game does not support 4K screens at all. Supports 4K resolution, but then the location of buttons doesn't line up. Has one of the worst options screens I have ever seen.  Tons of options, but no info on what they do. Never actually got into the game - just refunded after giving up on getting the settings correct."
,Recommended,582660,32822212,Posted: 26 June,all,✪Coon,10/10 you can type ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in chat
76561198070798979,Not Recommended,582660,33443636,Posted: 10 July,all,DefConHeavy,I loved this game it quickly become my fav morph however after Windows update forced a restart of Windows drinking games play I can no longer log in stuck at now prossecing I put in a ticket but have had no word on what's wrong seems a lot of other people are suffering from the same issue save your money don't buy this I just lost out on 30$ And being I have played for 6 houres I can no longer revive a refund ....
76561198000655786,Recommended,582660,33749542,Posted: 23 July,all,Tangoes for food stamps!!!!!,"What  a horrible game.Everything dies in 1 hit, I went from level 1 to 12 in 6 minutes.The HUD is bulky and shamefullThe actual game itself is CLUTTERED with highlighted path, giant blue quest circles and other things that prevent you from taking in what may be the only good thing in the game, the scenery.The combos are garbage, my 3 year old sister (who has 1 arm) could combo byt mashing her face on the keybaord.Overall this game is a 2/10 at best.Secenery and japanese ♥♥♥♥♥♥s are all this game has going for it."
,Recommended,582660,34601529,Posted: 30 August,all,twitch.tv/egolithz (Road to 1k),Great game and it is not P2W like most people are saying. I will try and do a more in-depth review soon.
76561198050179845,Recommended,582660,32684465,Posted: 23 June,all,Pingww,Best
,Recommended,582660,33003409,Posted: 29 June,all,Sleepwalker,"lag is out of this world! too many players or something.... was able to play before. but now its cutting in and out of loading screens, jerking my character around, dying due to lag, etc... im so sad now"
76561198021883446,Recommended,582660,32657505,Posted: 22 June,all,trev5492,10/10
76561198372443062,Recommended,582660,34229741,Posted: 13 August,all,WestBella,"I am having issues with the game. I cannot play BD because it says I have not bought the game when I did. It wouldn't let me join any server coming up with the same message... ""only players coming back or new recuiters can play."" When I am a level 37 sorceress."
,Not Recommended,582660,35369549,Posted: 1 October,all,cruzando,Nothing like the screenshots or videos provided. No mans sky on launch day was more fun than this. I would rather surfer through the entire catalog of every rpg maker game on steam than play this again. Too bad you can't refund after 2 weeks
,Recommended,582660,32855009,Posted: 27 June,all,stonedz,"Best combat in any MMO, lots of things to do, beautiful graphics. If you like it you can spend a total of about 40€ to buy everything you'll ever need in the cash marketplace."
,Recommended,582660,34882825,Posted: 11 September,all,omae wa michida hitori de aruite,"Pearls, pearls and more pearls"
76561198034263508,Recommended,582660,33242324,Posted: 4 July,all,TsssMike,is good game
,Recommended,582660,35267882,Posted: 28 September,all,arikreven,"I haven't been playing this very long, but from what I have seen so far, it is an interesting game.  I would say that anyone who has enjoyed Tera or Wildstar would really enjoy this."
,Recommended,582660,32213731,Posted: 5 June,all,[TJC] SKRRRAT!,"Easily the most unqiue, most advanced and deep, and hands down best looking MMORPG out there."
,Recommended,582660,33995125,Posted: 3 August,all,PURGE,best mmo i have played better than elder scrolls aion and wow
76561198139895358,Not Recommended,582660,32516080,Posted: 17 June,all,Tyler the Autistic,CAN'T GET PAST THE TUTORIAL! I get it the mini map exists!
76561197995594850,Not Recommended,582660,33993197,Posted: 3 August,all,Mestre Splinter,"I do not recommend because in the European version, it does not have in Portuguese.Just for this. Sorry."
,Recommended,582660,35396162,Posted: 1 October,all,Ａｄｄｉｃｔｚ,-3/7 No black desert in the game.
76561198251319102,Not Recommended,582660,35193914,Posted: 24 September,all,nalqin321,this game have the bigest map i have ever seen but YOU CANT TELPORT BETWEEN CITY. i feel like im running the whole time. and the storage are not connect if you put stuff in A you cant take out in B which mean MORE RUNING! you wanna buy something from the market? you have to find a npc-MORE RUNNING. im level 52 and im already tired of running.
,Not Recommended,582660,34026480,Posted: 4 August,all,CLYDE FROG,If you enjoy getting ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥ pick up a copy of Black Desert Online.
,Not Recommended,582660,31985312,Posted: 26 May,all,Ranpuff,"Don't get me wrong, this game has its ups.I feel the combat system is really cool idea, the way you combine movement keys and mouse clicks to do different moves. The problem is that you learn skills faster than you realize you have them, and you have NO idea what they do.The lore and dialogue is almost completely incomprehensible. The translation team really dropped the ball, and don't even get me started on the laughable voice acting.The graphics are pretty, and I enjoyed the character creation, but on medium settings there is so much pop-in and awful textures that I can't recommend this to someone with a less-than-optimal PC.The UI is horrifically and unnecessarily complicated. There are dozens of buttons and options that you have to really sit down and spend a good couple hours figuring out, and even then you won't really understand what everything means.Overall I'd give this game a 3/10. It has some good ideas, but it's very poorly executed."
,Not Recommended,582660,33262821,Posted: 4 July,all,Rellim,"Worst MMO out there nothing to do but grind, kill an enemy level up get stronger kill harder enimies rinse and repeat, game falls short of what it tries to be, wouldnt recommend to anyone, poor attempt at a MMO"
76561198023264234,Not Recommended,582660,32023127,Posted: 28 May,all,Khaos,"Liked: Combat graphical effects and the combo system.Disliked: How the combo system was implemented felt clunky and just out of touch, the animation flows flawlessly through the sequences but at the same time it doesnt feel anywhere near as good as it looks. The UI imo is WAY over saturated. Half the time i had no idea what i was clicking on or what anything did and it was just all to much for me to take in. These two things alone were enough to make ask for a refund after only 50min of gameplay. I envy those able to comprehend the complicated UI and able to shrug off the complexities of keyboard based combos, but for me i cant even reccomend this. To top it off, there was no immersive storyline to get behind. No personality traits that would allow me to immerse myself into the character that i had created. If all you care about is the game looking pretty, then look no further, but if you want something more than just a pretty sword and Stupid-amazing partical and etheral effects, then im afraid this isnt the game for you.(on a side note: It also would have been nice to select the gender for the classes and have a bit more indepth character customization)All in all, this will be one game that i will watch others play over twitch and be in awe of the graphical spectical of its abolutley amazing combat, but sadly i'll not be the one in the drivers seat)"
76561197992706303,Not Recommended,582660,32068230,Posted: 30 May,all,Nemerok,"I do recommend this game it is good, but not from Steam. I bought the traveler's package and i was not able to redeem it because of some sort of steam overlay bug. I tried to uninstall everything, install back everything, i spent a whole day searching on the internet to fix the problem by myself, i asked for support on both side (Steam and Kakao game) and both just keep saying that i should ask the seller of the game and on the other side the publisher of the game. So i asked for a refund TWICE and now i can't contact Steam anymore. I never used the traveler package because i was not able to use it and they don't want to refund it even if it's their fault for not trying to solve my problem saying that the game was played for more than 2 hour's. I said fine just give me back the money from the DLC (Traveler package) not the game. And they sent me the same answer again, litteraly a copy/paste. So since i have not that many game on Steam that i actually play anyway i will ask my credit card provider for a chargeback and it will cost them more than twice the damn money wich is legitimate for me to have back. Bye bye Steam"
,Not Recommended,582660,32023054,Posted: 28 May,all,Rodx,PLagued with network issues.
,Recommended,582660,33197907,Posted: 3 July,all,Xtinct,.
,Not Recommended,582660,32032966,Posted: 28 May,all,Bronze Champ,"I have hundreds, if not a few thousand hours logged in BDO prior to it being moved to steam.The game itself is phenomenal, however if you don't live in the US or Europe (Aussie, NZ, etc) you'll be plagued by horrendous desyncs and lagspikes that'll set you back hundreds of metres of movements. Been waiting since the game first came to the west for Daum to do something about getting some OCE servers and fixing the abysmal netcode and yet they never have and by the looks of things, never will. After moving flat to somewhere that doesn't have a top-tier fibre connection (in NZ) the game is only playable in the sense that I can afk fish, and even then *barely*.If you're an OCE player don't bother wasting your time or money.I will edit this review to positive if they ever do something about it but my bet is I'll never have to.EDIT: Here's a little proof:https://youtu.be/_CE3TaCCbW8"
76561198066213862,Not Recommended,582660,32042375,Posted: 29 May,all,rearn_13,You are unable to register on the game on start up from all the downloading as the verification is♥♥♥♥♥♥and comes up with error codes all the time and it sends you the same one anway. Then it ssay the email is already in use and you have to keep swaping the emails over and still nothing.
76561198003010640,Not Recommended,582660,32008945,Posted: 27 May,all,Leng Spider,"Can't launch the game. Several people on the forums are reporting a variety of launching errors, crashing errors, errors, errors, errors. I recommend to check back to see if issues are resolved before buying."
,Not Recommended,582660,33251183,Posted: 4 July,all,Shiro,Really boring tbh
76561198316174581,Not Recommended,582660,32775224,Posted: 25 June,all,Esis,"Its a Pay-to-play built like a free to play, this game has incredible potential but the microtransactions are unforgivable. i get that the developers need money to continue updating the game but this is just a cheap system built to wring as much short term money possible from players. i cannot, in good conscience reccommend this game to a anyone as it is now."
76561198072737702,Not Recommended,582660,35272102,Posted: 28 September,all,dantedestruction,"didnt like it, im at the end game and I can tell you, dont play this game if you want to play with friends, its a great single player story but the game punishes you for playing in groups."
76561198188734325,Not Recommended,582660,32008846,Posted: 27 May,all,^5Guernica,"The only reason I voted this down is because how hard It was to get into. The customization is crazy but the UI is a CONFUSING MESS. If you're a hardcore MMO fan you might not mind it but as a medium one, its quite confusing. So many options and tutorials, it's overwhelming. Everyone else seems to claim it's a really good game though so hopefully I can learn it and continute playing."
,Not Recommended,582660,32233821,Posted: 6 June,all,Sir,Do I want to recommend this game? Yes.Do I recommend a game that install a tracking rootkit? No.
76561198052565997,Not Recommended,582660,32095816,Posted: 31 May,all,RaccoonGahd,"I have been playing this game for about some time now and this is what I can say about it...Pros:-Excellent gameplay-Awesome graphics-Huge open world map-Large amount of NPCs that make the world feel alive-Fun to form guilds with friends-Tons of activities to fall back to if you get tired of fightingBut here is where the game got really ugly for me...Cons:-Quirky and awkward character creation-Overcrowded servers where getting by without someone stealing your kills is difficult at best-Random PvP zones all over the map which you never know when you're about to step into-You can join guilds but there aren't any real group missions-Ridiculously convoluted standard UI that can get irritating quickly-If you don't want your character to look like a farmer, then you must spend real money-You also need to spend real money to change something the quirky creation tool messed up-Connection issues which apparently the developers have made not attempt at fixing-The character outfits are only teases for the most part-Combat can feel repetitive at times-Grinding starts to feel like a chore real soon-There is no clear indication on how to take on how crafting works-A very toxic fan communityOver all, this game comes out as a mixed bag... A nasty bag who had a really bad day.P.S:Don't come to me replying with ""Oh, you expect things handed to you on a silver plater, hurr durr."" Or ""You just don't understand how the game works and you suck"" Or even ""The game developers need to make money from somewhere"" I'm not going to buy into that BS!! This is not a free to play game. this is a purchased game, and damn right I expect something out of a game I paid for."
76561197974082667,Not Recommended,582660,34109165,Posted: 8 August,all,over.kill,"I've just closed the game for the last time (179 hours played)... I reached level 56 and thats enough for me.Pros.Great graphics.Fluid combat system.Lots of AFK stuff if you so wish.Cons.Pay to win, you need to buy pets, costume and weight limit increases or it's game hell for you.Grindfest all the time, thats all you will be doing combat wise (no quest leveling).Random gankings from players anywhere you need to level and people don't like people near *their* mobs (see above point).Market is awful, it's prety much empty and no player to player trading.No PVE content other than grinding and boss scrolls.Damn awful gear upgrade system, more gambling than anything and the odds are *massivly* against you.They created a pay to win sandbox of busy work and grinding."
76561198125898961,Not Recommended,582660,33042333,Posted: 30 June,all,Alex,The game doesnt support lower resolution than 1280x720. My computer meets requirements but because of resolution limit I wasnt even able to play the game.Refunding...
,Not Recommended,582660,32336520,Posted: 11 June,all,AlQallaf,One of the worst games in terms of servers
,Not Recommended,582660,35301016,Posted: 29 September,all,João Costa,29 minutes of play time.. the thing doesnt even start.. crashes on load
,Not Recommended,582660,34275487,Posted: 16 August,all,SpartaN,boring af
76561198083885994,Not Recommended,582660,35399452,Posted: 1 October,all,KFC,I hate it
,Not Recommended,582660,32555055,Posted: 18 June,all,MajorDragoon1991,"Glitchy, and too simplified.  No real story surrounding the game, and I found it very uninteresting.  I can't really condone this game.  I didn't like it."
,Not Recommended,582660,32042637,Posted: 29 May,all,Custard,"Error 112 when trying to register the game, claims it will be fixed today (5 days ago). From what I can gather they aren't interested in fixing it."
76561198051116225,Not Recommended,582660,32029580,Posted: 28 May,all,InstantMessenger,"Not a game worth paying for. The game is beautiful and the character creator is amazing, but it's bad as a game. Main quests are RNG based meaning it can take actual hours to complete the quest that you need to complete in order to progress. The gameplay never changes, every mission is the same. The skill tree doesn't make any sense. The storage is city-based meaning there's no worldwide storage. The combat is cool but not actually that great. It feels like a free-to-play game with the amount of times the game prompts you to open the Pearl Shop, where you have to use actual money. Just play TERA.If you're a masochist, you'll love this game."
76561198144882201,Not Recommended,582660,32274718,Posted: 8 June,all,JT,DONT buy this game
76561197970179466,Not Recommended,582660,32081292,Posted: 31 May,all,Dodge_This,"**Disclaimer I will sync in more hours simply because I ended up buying the explorer pack like a dummy. But so far this game is a thumbs down to me.  Just an advice be ready to spend 1-15 just figuring out how the mechanics work -- forget the actual gameplay. This game has tried to appeal to NA/EU audience but in my **opinion** it has nothing new to offer. I will always compare it to games like WOW which have a way better interface. Say what you want of WOW but Blizz has its act together as far as a polished game is concerned. Like all other MMOS you will have to sync in a lot of time and $$ if you want to get anywhere, which is typical - no complains there.+ Character customization probably the best I have seen so far -- reminds me of AION.+ Worker system.+ I actually like that you cannot teleport from and to another location and have to actually travel.+ Fighting style might appeal to some.+ AFK - lifeskills are plus to gather money.+ Getting in game currency seems to be easy.+ and -UI & settings has and will need to be customized heavily to your liking - which it has tons.-The UI is a horrible mess and the node system in game isn't particularly exciting.-It has cash grab -- anyone who says enjoy the game slowly -- let me remind you this is an MMORPG, most of us don't care about the RP part. Even if its MMO -- I rather SOLO, simply because I can.-Combat system I feel Tera has done the job better.-And the gathering system is nuts but I can understand it probably helps fight off botting/making player focus more on the game than gathering -- you will run out of juice once you have gathered enough forgot what its called (energy ?). Sucks for anyone who wants to just gather day in day out.- The sounds/ambience. I entered a building and there was an NPC that just kept on nagging -- constantly. I ended up muting lot of audio without which the game seemed to be more dull.Graphics aren't that great even at high settings - I have GTX 970.This is just another Korean MMORPG+Vindictus. I want to like this game but it just feels clunky. Why aren't ""products"" optimized right out of the box these days and why are players lazy to critize this. You would not do this in real life after spending money on an item you bought online. If it does not work you return it.I had a quest that had the quest spirit pop up continuously and won't allow me to open up crafting menu till I found that NPC and when I did it still had the bug open. It was annoying."
,Recommended,582660,33652428,Posted: 19 July,all,TheMann,Idle simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,582660,32051538,Posted: 29 May,all,Tyler,"Im 28 years old.I have played MMORPGS since i was about 12.  with DAOC into Legend of Mir, FFXI, WoW, FFXIV, Rift, Guild wars, Tera, Runescape, Lotro, Wildstar, ESO. Just to name but a few. So i feel i know my way around a MMO, if you know what i mean.From the get go Black Desert Online looked beautiful, Running in max settings 1440p without any issues, seems a well optimized game. Instantly i felt completely overwhelmed with pop ups, info bars and other such on screen tips.. Trying to get my head round the navigation, while being spammed information from the get go really puts me off. MMO's Used to be simple, self explanitory, and some still are. They used to be a stress relief. But these ""hack and slash"" MMO's really do quite the oposite for me.I came off the game after an hour feeling like i had just played COD or some other fast paced sweaty shooter. And i admit 1.3 hrs is NOT an acceptable time to make a review on a game, I totally accept that. It's just sometimes, You just know. You just know that this isnt the game for you. I will stick to my old slow paced relaxing MMO's and leave this crazy, korean like cluster ♥♥♥♥ to the new generation.I gave it a go, It wasnt for me. Im sure the youngens will love it though, lots of flashy effects to feast your eyes on :DAnd its PvP based, So im sure that community will be super toxic :D Just how the kids like em."
76561198044692283,Recommended,582660,32048171,Posted: 29 May,all,caoimhin500,"its okay, though the graphics dont look as good as in the videos. I've played a lot of free to play games like this, with graphics at this level. But it's not terrible however, and its kind of fun. Though nor is it as innovative as it promised to be, and as per usual as an adult this panders to children, not having any of the adult content as an adult I would welcoming seeing, i.e. the threat, fights and killing, not to mention references to sex, drugs or alcahol is all handled with kid gloves, and all very pc. Very disapointing overall, I waited a long time for this game, and it could have been, should have been better.Hopefully you have not finished, it has potencial and some of it I like. But stop treating us like children, I want a game for adults."
,Not Recommended,582660,33421467,Posted: 9 July,all,Marty McFly Williams,"Every 40 min the game ♥♥♥♥ING FREEZES AND CRASHES, cool game tho.BUT ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥SERVERS"
,Not Recommended,582660,33826639,Posted: 27 July,all,about:blank,the desert isnt even black5/10 might recomemnd
76561198010612160,Not Recommended,582660,34491067,Posted: 25 August,all,Bjørn,"This is a 3rd person role playing game with fast and good movement that could be good, but it ain't. The graphic and sound is alright, but got a lock on 60 fps.The character are ugly and it is full of ""harry potter"" Goblins. Mission are borring, lack of substance and it feel like your second job. It should be fun in experience like path of exile or Diablo 3 that infact a good MMORP game.  When you play this game after a while it feels cheap and been fast paced to put together to earn some money.There are so many good MMORP game today and this ain't one of them.(I wish that I didn't bought this.).Overall score 2 of 10."
76561198000616435,Not Recommended,582660,33558486,Posted: 15 July,all,Sese,"It's really horrendous, bad interface, glitchy. It won't even launch on a standard windows 10 installation without a batchfile beucause the devs were too lazy to write a manifest. Not a game for me."
76561198068316854,Not Recommended,582660,32900520,Posted: 27 June,all,JUICY PUICY,I spent most of my time making ladies. The rest of the time I have no idea what I was doing...
76561198128561730,Not Recommended,582660,32780760,Posted: 25 June,all,☢PainlessWriter☢,"Yeah this game can kiss my♥♥♥♥♥as well as steam refund team. The Dev must suck some good♥♥♥♥♥♥for real. Break Steam policy and steam will not give you a refund....idk what the relationship between the two. It does still to this date install a rootkit which is not a problem if it was in fact dormant. How ever it does not stay off nor does it uninstall when you uninstall the game, regedit playing is still the only way. My biggest issue was a big fat EAC kick on alot of other games for a program that is hooking into there exe off and on, which I have nothing of the sort.... resource managment proved it was BDO anticheat method that was the problem, now its fixed, all my other games are fine and BDO kiss my♥♥♥♥♥ so can steam for not giving a refund for this POS."
76561197998722222,Not Recommended,582660,32142896,Posted: 2 June,all,BadLamprey,"Very very pretty, but extremely obtuse and unegaging. Play experience best summed up thusly: Frustrated... bored... frustrated... bored.Maybe a more focused introductory tutorial with more challenging combat? The game kept throwing new things at me, but in the ~5 hours I played, I'm not sure I ever got hit, or even aggroed. The low levels mobs are so easy and the introductory area so chaotic there was never a reason to learn what the skills do.  I joked with my friends, ""My ranger can throw a spinkick, but I have no idea why."" It didn't feel like I was engaged in combat. It felt like I was waving a damage hose around and things died. I also got lots of ""immune"" notices all the time, so whatever secondary effects my skills had were not doing anything. What were those effects? Why were the enemies immune? How would I know?Maybe brand new players don't need to be hearing about things like node investment, building ownership and knowledges. Maybe they don't need to have high level players charging through their midst on carriages. Maybe they don't need to have all chat channels on by default. It clutters an already confusing new player experience, and adds another layer of obfuscation keeping me from getting invested.I also found grouping with friends to be both difficult and fruitless. It felt like we had to stay very close together or we would quickly and irrevecably lose track of each other. And when we were together, there was no point. There was no discernable difference between fighting enemies together or separately. Our multiplayer experience quickly devolved into one player ""driving"" through the fetch quests while the rest of us autofollowed."
76561198005860788,Not Recommended,582660,34383046,Posted: 20 August,all,Forte,POOR OPTIMIZATION
,Recommended,582660,32660992,Posted: 22 June,all,papapapaz_z4sty,2 good 4 u.
,Not Recommended,582660,33816929,Posted: 26 July,all,BIG NOSE JONES,this game is so boring annoying and stupid
,Not Recommended,582660,33664865,Posted: 19 July,all,Hiner,I do not recommend this game. I do not recommend this game due to the fact that I cant even stay connected to the server long enough to do more than one quest. The game is fun (combat/gameplay wise)and would be worth while if the game actually had a damn server.BAD:1: Bad servers which makes it unplayable unless you got god tier internet.2: The game only allows you to level through killing mobs.3: The questing gives 0 experience besides a couple in the beginning of the game and thats it.4: (Neutral but placed in bad) The combat only works good with button combinations which can make you use the wrong spells and gets kinda annoying.5: Optimization is kinda bad you can go from 60+ frames in jungle to 10-20 frames while in a city while in games like Guild Wars 2 and World of Warcraft you dont get this issue even though they are not the best optimized game they still run a LOT better than this game.GOOD:1: Good combat.2: In depth map.3: Has a node/worker system which allows you to hire workers to be able to use so you can make money while AFK.4: You can control multiple cities and farm resources while AFK.5: Movement is nice and fluid and is not choppy and or weird.6: Animations are great (While in Combat and while outside of Combat)7: Graphics are great.
76561198121305238,Not Recommended,582660,33588226,Posted: 16 July,all,mdsgeist,"Game looked very cool at least from video's and pictures seen here and on YouTube.  However mechanics and actual time in prooved this game was still not ready for mass public consumption.  Servers were always WAY over crowded.  Lucky if you signed in one time and actually could do something like move left or right.  Character Creation was made out to be the big deal with this game and low and behold unless you are comfortable with a click here and drag/rotate here method thats actually worse then just having slider bars used it made for not very accurate character creation once in game.  Case in point Design a Character to be tall, have a big chest, and be reasonablly slimmer in the waist and poof in game they are some big HULKING Bimbo that should have a baseball sized male part down below instead of the JABA the HUT look you get."
76561198113232454,Not Recommended,582660,32785725,Posted: 25 June,all,Don Grennoci,"Nice game, but(t) ♥♥♥♥ed my 1.7k€ PC"
76561198079890720,Not Recommended,582660,34335201,Posted: 18 August,all,leadranleah,"Dissapointment from the very beginning. I have a povermachine but for some reason it takes ages to load the game.The base settings are on WINDOWED mode! I HATE WINDOWED MODE. This wont be a problem because i can change it right?! WRONG!!! After changeing and saving the settings for full screen mode, if i have to ALT+TAB out, it resets itself straight away. I have only paid a minimal amount but i want even that money back as of i cant tolerate this kind of thing from a game that supposedly won award for the Best MMO 2016.  Phahh..Sure.."
,Recommended,582660,33190683,Posted: 3 July,all,Raw Sauce,It's good.
76561198333724011,Not Recommended,582660,33458290,Posted: 11 July,all,Wat Da Fak,"This game program is♥♥♥♥♥♥, once we register email and link to steam , we cant change anything"
,Not Recommended,582660,32786061,Posted: 25 June,all,SWAGSQUANCH,Don't do it.
76561198142753189,Not Recommended,582660,34728374,Posted: 3 September,all,motzand,this game is way too complicated lol. Plus they give you rags for clothes.
76561198316421927,Recommended,582660,34868033,Posted: 10 September,all,cashcarti,I love this damn game
76561198025821267,Not Recommended,582660,32169743,Posted: 4 June,all,Koolstr,"This game is a real mixed bag. It has so many redeeming qualities, and yet at the same time does so many things wrong (mostly technical issues). These problems are too extensive to warrant playing this game. In the end, this game is not a good MMO, but IS an excellent RPG. Let's start with the bad:The initial loading time is unbearably long. The longest of any game I've played, even longer than GTA. It takes me at least 5-10 minutes to get into the game, and that is unacceptable.The UI is horrible. Everything you need is on display, but it is terribly laid out. The font size is too small and there is no apparent way to adjust it without fuzzing up the text; there is too much info on display with seemingly no way to simplify what is visible, such as the completely undesirable yet overpoweringly prominent text indicating the accomplishments of other players as they occur; the conversation text translation can use some real work.This game is not well optimized, and is very buggy. It takes at least 2 or 3 tries for me to launch the game and get into the game world without it crashing in middle of its (super long) loading. I have a relatively strong/decent gaming laptop (can play Overwatch in high settings) yet I can barely maintain a consistent 30fps in this game running medium or low settings. This game eats up your HD space for no apparent reason while launching. I have 8GB free on my HD (after its obscene 50GB install) and yet while on the loading screen it kept eating away at my space until I had only a couple hundred MB free. That makes absolutely no sense and no game should be justified in needing that much cache space for loading. Then when I'm in game it complains I am low on memory and then would sometimes crash. Talk about ridiculous. Also it is unclear to see how much damage you're dealing, when you level up, or what the health of the enemy is.Connected to the optimization issue, this game runs as badly on max graphics settings as it does on lowest possible settings. I've made adjustments and did framerate comparisons, and there is literally next to no fps improvement going from lowest settings to highest. Even changing resolution doesn't help. I still get a crappy fps (usually under 30) no matter what settings I am on, and that absolutely makes no sense.As others have made prominent note of, its anti-cheat system installed on your pc has access to your whole drive and sends it all to their servers for analysis. The game installer does not inform you of this, and it is a massive invasion of privacy. Also it is not directly removed from the game's uninstaller and needs to be taken out manually. The BDO devs need to address this immediately or they will lose lots of potential players.The story is very weak, and arguably practically nonexistent. It's almost always a precursor for gridning, and the cutscenes offer little of interest, are pointless, and usually don't even make any sense. This doesn't bother me so much since it is an MMO, but when there are games out there with such quality storytelling already, like Blade & Soul (best MMO story & presentation by far), there is no reason they cannot do the same.All the servers are overrun or highly populated - they need to increase their server load ASAP. This contributes to massive in-game lag issues, such as me talking to an NPC but it only 'activating' 20 or 30 seconds after having initiated it. This may also be what makes the game load time take so long.The knowledge system is annoying and arduous. Not worth the effort, and too much text is involved. This is my opinion. Others may like the knowledge system, but I think it is just pointless and gets in the way. I should be able to see my enemies' HP from the start, not after having fought them a ton. For example, you can't see the health bars of the bosses you fight!No clear tutorial is given, and you are left to your own devices to try to understand all the things the game has to offer. Instead of it doling out its features in tidbits, it overloads you with access to it all, and you have no clue what any of the stuff is or even does. There is no structured, guided introduction to this game basically. This game is not newbie friendly, for sure.The community isn't great, but isn't too toxic either. They try trolling from time to time and they endlessly talk about the superiority of Alienware computers.Many other smaller issues not worth writing out directly.Now for what the game does well:The combat is superb, probably the best in any MMO. It is lots of fun to play and is very dynamic.The world is absolutely beautiful and tenderly ccrafted. The game boasts a crazy amount of realism and attention to fine detail, and the lighting system is excellent (most of the time). I can't help but constantly be taking screenshots because it is just so stunning. Definitely one of the best looking MMO's.Very deep role playing features, so if you're into that sort of thing, go for it. Heavy market, horse breeding, living quarters, fishing, you name it, this game probably has it.The character creator! Not the best, but without a doubt the most extensive character builder in any game. You can control every bone and muscle of the entire body, especially the face. It's obscene how much control you have. I spent 4 hours in the builder creating my first character! The controls are pretty bad and unclear, and there are sliders with no clear indicator on the difference they make. A buggy undo feature is included. Every hair can be adjusted to your liking, including repositioning and lengthening and dyeing. You can import already made models from the community. Overall this thing is ridiculously capable, but its controls make the process take much longer than it really should.Horse riding in this game feels great and is very realistic. You can breed and capture horses, the horses have their own skills and stats, and they behave realistically.The camera controls are pretty great, and I especially like the feature-filled screenshot-taking mode. It's too bad the game doesn't tell you about it and how to access all its features. Look up online for how to take UI-free screenshots, and you'll learn there the controls.Some more, smaller pros, not worth writing out.There you have it. There's too much wrong with this game to warrant playing it. The technical issues marr the experience, and the UI spoils any efficiency or cleanliness. If you want to marvel at its beauty, go look for screenshots taken by others."
76561198007295768,Not Recommended,582660,32173030,Posted: 4 June,all,jtordoff,"The short of it, it's a collection of game gimmicks cobbled together in an over complicated mess. Fun to mess around with but not a good pick for a long term investment of time.It's a standard fantasy world that you can only be a single race. Your class determines your gender and your basic appearence.  The only wars happen between guilds I guess.The control scheme is clunky and it is easy to misfire an ability while fighting and manuvering, because there appears to be no way to unbind specials from their predetermined set up.Combat plays like a fighting game ( ie mortal combat) with many of your attacks irrevocable keymapped for you, those that you can quick slot get penalized for deviating from the default set up .Mobs die in droves and respawn so fast  it's difficult to loot before more appear on top of you. It's alot of AOE killing with lag spikes being the only cause of death.The game seems crowded most times and laggy at times.From Level 38 it looks like ""endgame"" is seeing how much money you can accumulate and socailizing with friends.edit 6/19/17  Level 50 wizard.  Thanks for response Dev, but link is broken AND the things that I think are ""wrong"" with BDO can't be fixed with a tweak here and there. I'll be uninstalling. It just isn't fun or challenging or engaging. I really can't think of any redeeming quality of this game."
,Not Recommended,582660,32144887,Posted: 2 June,all,FrothyWolf,"did not meet my expectations, if you like routine then this game is for you."
,Recommended,582660,34310298,Posted: 17 August,all,*Tom,anger turtil write anger revew on bdoturtil in pic is meit good gameenhance sux it hard
76561198060940902,Recommended,582660,34714218,Posted: 3 September,all,Randycat.,One of the BEST games I have playedHaters will say it's pay2win xd
,Recommended,582660,34663997,Posted: 1 September,all,JockNines,"The majority of negative reviews have 200+ hours in game. If you play any game that costs 10$ for longer than 12 hours, you got a good deal.As a Warcraft veteran, and the descendant of a SWG Jedi Knight, Black Desert did the job."
76561198109418716,Not Recommended,582660,35358795,Posted: 30 September,all,DireBlow,Not too much depth. Pretty shallow. Pun intended
,Not Recommended,582660,34031238,Posted: 4 August,all,tiersen,How to get end game gear:GAMBLELiterally this game is just RNG gamble garbage.
,Not Recommended,582660,32025695,Posted: 28 May,all,Atomak,Was hoping this would be good despite the lukewarm reviews.+ Cool character creation- Bad/Busy UI- Anti-aliasing sucks- Really distracting graphical pop-in- Bad english voice work- Unclear systems (shouldn't be tempted to constantly Youtube your way into understanding the game)
76561197977240959,Not Recommended,582660,33869129,Posted: 28 July,all,RaptorJesusOG,Didn't like it - returned it
,Recommended,582660,33674287,Posted: 20 July,all,HighRoLa,"Its overall an amazing MMORPG. The game looks beautiful but doesnt run very well but its nothing unplayable,  and not Pay To win. Its pay for convenience and or  pay to save time.But just remember: This game is basically an IQ test. If you fail it, you'll hate the game. So if you arent that smart, you shouldnt probably buy the game as youre not gonna have much fun. Or then it'll take much longer than for others."
,Recommended,582660,34354691,Posted: 19 August,all,Your Local Meme Man,is a gud game
,Recommended,582660,32725578,Posted: 24 June,all,﷽YeetMan﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽,I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,582660,33159568,Posted: 2 July,all,HLNinja,You like MMOs?You like RPGs?You like MMORPGs?You like a cheap game?You want to play with friends?You want to have a lot of things to do?Buy this game...
76561198318651177,Recommended,582660,32533172,Posted: 18 June,all,DARKFLAME,100/100 love this game i have had it for 6 months and still non stop playing
76561198024305439,Not Recommended,582660,32721602,Posted: 24 June,all,Fonzie,"Not a very good game for me. At the start they train you to kill some holographic enemies with an Automatic rifle! Maybe you get a rifle later, but I prefer games like this to use swords, axes, bows and arrows, etc. The controls are poorly explained at the start, and they give you a choice of only 2 servers. Europe or USA. Only two servers is ludicrous. I live in Australia, and both servers are in the Northern Hemisphere, while I live in the Southern Hemisphere. Can you imagine the lag time? While my lag problems were not to bad, and erratic, the ones I had were bad enough. If I was in a party or guild where we had to cooperate all at one time, I'm guessing the game would give me big time lag."
,Not Recommended,582660,34138833,Posted: 9 August,all,The Flow,"BDO has a hack and slash type combat which fits in this MMO perfectly, however, the game ends up feeling more like work than a game. It has several complicated systems that can be researched and carefully optimized to provide slightly more output. Some people may find it fun to percect and calculate the advantages of placing workers here instead of there, but I do not."
,Recommended,582660,33239669,Posted: 4 July,all,Indra,This game has perfect 10/10 Graphics.
76561198031388586,Not Recommended,582660,32752264,Posted: 24 June,all,bulnar,I cannot recomend this game not enough servers . I tried 7 or 8 time just to make a toon and could not even get past charicter creation before the game booted me off whatever server I tried . No matter how good it is ...it aint no good if you cant even make a toon .
,Recommended,582660,34249921,Posted: 14 August,all,♛SushiBoi♛,Butt physics in this game is 10 times better than tracer's butt from Overwatch.I will jerk off to my character 24/7
,Recommended,582660,35114680,Posted: 21 September,all,💖⚡PikaTchu⚡💖,10/10 cool game !
76561198356981696,Recommended,582660,31963797,Posted: 25 May,all,TwinBS1,I can' log in
,Recommended,582660,34895474,Posted: 11 September,all,Wares Thugdo,I didnt even get this game 24 hours ago.>Time played: 14 hours.What the ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,582660,34877153,Posted: 10 September,all,Cantoris,A lot of depth.
,Recommended,582660,34313070,Posted: 17 August,all,IdleSolution,Gut
,Not Recommended,582660,32635075,Posted: 21 June,all,Chainfire,"Combat system is good-- game so far is a mess. Travel sucks, interfaces suck, quests suck, interaction sucks. People are toxic garbage. Wish I hadn't have bought it at all.EDIT: Thanks for the comment Jouska. The main issue I have with the game is the overall interface or UI. It's not very intuitive.. but I'm getting over that quickly. The combat is beyond good, it's excellent. The graphics are incredible. People are still very toxic.."
76561197983980370,Not Recommended,582660,32312151,Posted: 10 June,all,MindDöser,"𝟏𝟎𝐡 𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞❟ 𝟔𝟎𝐡 𝐨𝐧 𝐨𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫 𝐚𝐜𝐜.𝑫𝒐 𝒚𝒐𝒖 𝒓𝒆𝒄𝒐𝒎𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒅 𝒕𝒉𝒊𝒔 𝒈𝒂𝒎𝒆❓𝐒𝐨𝐥𝐢𝐝 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐚𝐬𝐬𝐢𝐯𝐞, 𝐍𝐎.𝐖𝐡𝐲❓𝐏𝟐𝐖 𝐚𝐭 𝐢𝐭❜𝐬 𝐟𝐮𝐥𝐥 𝐠𝐥𝐨𝐫𝐲.𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐝𝐢𝐭 𝐜𝐚𝐫𝐝 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞 𝐢𝐧𝐯𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐲 𝐬𝐩𝐚𝐜𝐞.𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐝𝐢𝐭 𝐜𝐚𝐫𝐝 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞𝐰𝐚𝐫𝐞𝐡𝐨𝐮𝐬𝐞 𝐬𝐩𝐚𝐜𝐞.𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐝𝐢𝐭 𝐜𝐚𝐫𝐝 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞𝐀𝐔 𝐛𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬.𝐂𝐫𝐞𝐝𝐢𝐭 𝐜𝐚𝐫𝐝 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐫𝐦𝐨𝐫/𝐰𝐞𝐚𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐬.𝐍𝐨 𝐑𝐚𝐢𝐝𝐬.𝐍𝐨 𝐝𝐮𝐧𝐠𝐞𝐨𝐧𝐬.𝐌𝐨𝐬𝐭 𝐛𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐪𝐮𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐬.𝐊𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝟏𝟎 𝐩𝐥𝐚𝐧𝐭𝐬/𝐟𝐥𝐨𝐰𝐞𝐫𝐬.𝐊𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝟏𝟎 𝐦𝐮𝐬𝐡𝐫𝐨𝐨𝐦𝐬.𝐊𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝟏𝟎 𝐛𝐮𝐬𝐡𝐞𝐬.𝐊𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝟏𝟎 𝐢𝐧𝐬𝐞𝐜𝐭𝐬.𝐂𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡 𝐚 𝐫𝐚𝐛𝐛𝐢𝐭.𝐂𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡 𝐚 𝐝𝐨𝐠.𝐂𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡 𝐚 𝐜𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐫𝐨𝐚𝐜𝐡.𝐂𝐚𝐫𝐫𝐲 𝐚 𝐩𝐨𝐭𝐚𝐭𝐨 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞.𝟗𝟎% 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐝𝐫𝐨𝐩𝐬/𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐭𝐬 𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐚𝐥𝐰𝐚𝐲𝐬 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐒𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐤𝐞𝐫 𝐜𝐥𝐚𝐬𝐬.𝐘𝐨𝐮 𝐜𝐚𝐧𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐬𝐞𝐧𝐝 𝐢𝐭𝐞𝐦𝐬 𝐭𝐨 𝐲𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐨𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫 𝐚𝐜𝐜𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 𝐜𝐥𝐚𝐬𝐬𝐞𝐬.𝐘𝐨𝐮 𝐜𝐚𝐧𝐧𝐨𝐭 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐧𝐬𝐟𝐞𝐫 𝐦𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐲 𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐰𝐞𝐞𝐧 𝐲𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐜𝐡𝐚𝐫𝐚𝐜𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐬.𝐀𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞❟ 𝐛𝐥𝐚𝐡 𝐛𝐥𝐚𝐡 𝐛𝐥𝐚𝐡.𝐏𝐥𝐮𝐬 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐧𝐢𝐧𝐣𝐚 𝐟𝐢𝐱/𝐩𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡 𝐢𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐬𝐭 𝐮𝐩𝐝𝐚𝐭𝐞❟ 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐧𝐨𝐧𝐞 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐬𝐨 𝐟𝐚𝐫.𝐆𝐨 𝐟𝐢𝐠𝐮𝐫𝐞 𝐨𝐮𝐭..𝐒𝐮𝐦𝐦𝐚𝐫𝐲: 𝐒𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐠𝐚𝐦𝐞❟𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐞𝐧𝐣𝐨𝐲 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐦𝐨𝐬𝐭 𝐇𝐨𝐫𝐫𝐢𝐛𝐥𝐞 𝐚𝐬𝐢𝐚𝐧 𝐦𝐦𝐨 𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫 𝐦𝐚𝐝𝐞.𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐬𝐢𝐨𝐧: 𝐋𝐞𝐬𝐬𝐨𝐧 𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐧𝐞𝐝. 𝐍𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐫 𝐚𝐠𝐚𝐢𝐧 𝐚𝐬𝐢𝐚𝐧 𝐦𝐦𝐨𝐬..𝐀𝐛𝐨𝐮𝐭 𝐗𝐢𝐠𝐧𝐜𝐨𝐝𝐞𝟑:𝐡𝐭𝐭𝐩://𝐰𝐰𝐰.𝐰𝐞𝐥𝐥𝐛𝐢𝐚.𝐜𝐨𝐦/𝐡𝐨𝐦𝐞/𝐞𝐧/𝐩𝐚𝐠𝐞𝐬/𝐱𝐢𝐠𝐧𝐜𝐨𝐝𝐞𝟑/𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐡𝐨𝐰 𝐭𝐨 𝐠𝐞𝐭 𝐫𝐢𝐝 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐜𝐫𝐚𝐩:𝐂/𝐏 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐚𝐧𝐨𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫 𝐬𝐨𝐮𝐫𝐜𝐞:""Tʜɪs ɪs ᴏɴ Wɪɴ10 FYI:Tᴏ ᴄᴏɴꜰɪʀᴍ - ᴀꜰᴛᴇʀ ᴜɴɪɴsᴛᴀʟʟLᴏᴏᴋ ꜰᴏʀ xʜᴜɴᴛᴇʀ1.sʏs ɪɴ ʏᴏᴜʀ ᴡɪɴᴅᴏᴡs ᴅɪʀᴇᴄᴛᴏʀʏLᴏᴏᴋ ꜰᴏʀ xʜᴜɴᴛᴇʀ ʀᴇɢ ᴋᴇʏAʟsᴏ ʏᴏᴜ'ʟʟ ɴᴏᴛɪᴄᴇ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴛʜᴇʀᴇ's ᴀ ᴅʀɪᴠᴇʀ ʀᴜɴɴɪɴɢ ᴏɴ ʏᴏᴜʀ PC ᴄᴀʟʟᴇᴅ xʜᴜɴᴛᴇʀTʜɪs ɪs Xɪɢɴᴄᴏᴅᴇ3Tʜᴇʀᴇ ɪs ɴᴏ ᴜɴɪɴsᴛᴀʟʟ sᴏ ʏᴏᴜ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴅᴏ ɪᴛ ᴍᴀɴᴜᴀʟʟʏ:Oᴘᴇɴ ᴜᴘ ʀᴇɢᴇᴅɪᴛ ᴡɪᴛʜ ᴀᴅᴍɪɴ ʀɪɢʜᴛs - (ᴄᴀʀᴇꜰᴜʟ ᴛᴏ ɴᴏᴛ ᴅᴇʟᴇᴛᴇ ᴀɴʏᴛʜɪɴɢ ᴇʟsᴇ)Sᴇᴀʀᴄʜ ꜰᴏʀ xʜᴜɴᴛᴇʀ - ᴅᴇʟᴇᴛᴇ ɪᴛSᴇᴀʀᴄʜ ꜰᴏ xʜᴜɴᴛᴇʀ1.sʏs ꜰɪʟᴇ - ᴅᴇʟᴇᴛᴇ ɪᴛRᴇʙᴏᴏᴛ - ᴠᴏɪʟᴀ - ᴛʜᴇ xʜᴜɴᴛᴇʀ ᴅʀɪᴠᴇʀ ɪs ɴᴏ ʟᴏɴɢᴇʀ ʀᴜɴɴɪɴɢ ᴏɴ ʏᴏᴜʀ PC ᴀɴᴅ Xɪɢɴᴄᴏᴅᴇ3 ɪs ɢᴏɴᴇ!Eɴᴊᴏʏ."""
,Not Recommended,582660,32603830,Posted: 20 June,all,D.Sofren,"Grind Simulator 2017One of the players in the toxic community summed it up nicely.He said ""You're not supposed to expect yourself to enjoy a game like this until level 56.""According to veteran players from the beta, it takes about 200 hours to get from level 51 to level 52.Here are your quests until then:""Kill 200 mirus.""""Kill 500 waldos.""""Kill 10,000 eggplants.""You'd think I'm joking, but I'm not. Google this stuff.6/10- The environment and ambience do look very nice, but that's about all you'll enjoy. The combat isn't bad, but you'll burn out on it after your 500th waldo."
76561197961828230,Not Recommended,582660,32747285,Posted: 24 June,all,Penpen,"Be warned: this game has extremely shoddy anti-cheat software. I couldn't even get through character creation because 5 minutes after launching the game would close with the message ""A suspicious program was detected"".A quick search reveals that a huge array of programs trigger the cheat detection software: Nvidia control panel, MSI Afterburner and...anti-virus. Yep, if you want to play this game then be ready to turn off Windows Defender or any other anti-virus software you have running."
,Not Recommended,582660,34416785,Posted: 22 August,all,FIEND FROM THE GRAVE,bad game
,Not Recommended,582660,33168833,Posted: 2 July,all,Cuntos,"Absolute trash MMO. At least to me.Another repetitive WoW clone, like Archeage and TERA. And they're all better, mind you.Although each to their own, this just isn't my type of MMO. I played Runescape for 7 years."
76561198042861614,Not Recommended,582660,32042709,Posted: 29 May,all,ParadoxTwin,"Couldnt even get passed the account verification. Sends out a verification code to your e-mail which didnt work, and then after exiting and entering the launcher again, it claimed my e-mail was in use and so couldnt use it anymore. Refund requested as I couldnt even play."
76561198038839989,Not Recommended,582660,32051426,Posted: 29 May,all,Milaan,"played more than my fair shares of mmo's and this wasnt a good one. messed up ui, uninspiring world and too many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t things to do before you can dive into the true purpose of mmo's: adventure.the only nice thing i can say is the character creation and class design, too bad I didnt get to see much of it until I got frustrated, DO NOT BUY"
76561198094639597,Not Recommended,582660,35401242,Posted: 1 October,all,He Will Not Divide us.,P2W its trash dont waste ur money
,Recommended,582660,35310289,Posted: 29 September,all,YungRice,Traps aren't gay
,Not Recommended,582660,32978640,Posted: 29 June,all,Chingger Changger,"joke of an mmo, its dynasty warriors online, just press buttons and u kill things in 2 hits"
76561198197664683,Not Recommended,582660,35204265,Posted: 25 September,all,miss.keirston,"Don’t get me wrong, I like this game (mainly for the customization and the fact that I like this type of gaming) however, what I didn’t know is that when you download it, you also download a software that won’t let you use cheats (or so I’ve been told from friends). This isn’t a huge deal for me since I don’t use cheats, but what I don’t appreciate is that it’s taking up space on my computer, there is no way to remove it, and the game gave no noticeable word that they would be putting this on my computer."
76561198027968592,Not Recommended,582660,32785817,Posted: 25 June,all,Fistpump,FIX THE FPS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE !!!!
76561198076004051,Not Recommended,582660,33217546,Posted: 3 July,all,BioWave,"PROS:-Graphics-Combat-Customization is okay-Neat worldCONS:-trying to get a damn name, just roll your face on the keyboard and you may get one in an hour-NO FAST TRAVEL, takes forever to get anywhere, for a game that has fast combat this is really a bumer and ruins the feel-Everything but the combat is annoyingly slow if you don't pay up a often-The Community is pretty stupid-Very Lonely no team work, if it wasn't for the salty chat I would think this is a singleplayer game the way it feels, it might as well be lolGame starts out looking amazing, great classes and customization. But the first hurdle is trying to find a name that the game will let you have. This has taken me hours and hours, trying name generators, making up♥♥♥♥♥♥and adding extra ""i""s and ""o""snest the combat is super fun and feels fluid and fun for a while. But having to walk everywhere and needing to pay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of money to make the game fun is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tty.I think if you want to burn some cash on a game wit hgreat graphics do it here. If you want to have fun and not go poor doing it, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,582660,33414789,Posted: 9 July,all,FocusBoxHero,"Achievements are broken and 60% of the world is unexplorable / blocked off by invisible walls and devs will ddos your system if you go exploring. Towns have massive FPS drops even with the lowest and most optimized settings... Don't expect to visually enjoy playing the game with an AMD Athlon X4 845 3.8GHz & 8GB DDR3 2133MHz with a GTX 760 installed on SSD...It is possible to play Solo Grinding @60fps with optimized settings but the game looks like trash. Leveling 56 awakens your character and exp gains are lowered to near impossible 0.003% exp from each kill... This was recently updated from 0.001% exp that forced players to kill 100,000 for one level. This is now 1/3 the ammount somewhere like ~33,333.333 kills + a rouge 0.001% exp for a level past 56....Sadly no amount of silver will help me tolerate the intense lag spikes generated by the unique marketplace. Players who are grinding combat levels with partys may use an instant party sell function.It just so happens that using the marketplace connects users to live marketplace updates from parties activly selling items from across all servers XD.The marketplace generates LAG spikes in town spaces. I am not certain but Simply using the Marketplace ocupies an extra ~20%? of my CPU..."
76561197997752897,Not Recommended,582660,32116971,Posted: 1 June,all,lordtheobald,"this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the node system is totally borken, I found multiple nodes that stated you needed eachother to be connected but won't let you connect them. It's a total waste of money."
,Recommended,582660,31973001,Posted: 26 May,all,GetBroccoli,"DO NOT BUY ON STEAM!Go download the client from the devs website and make an account with them if you want to help support the game.Steam takes up to 30% of ALL in-game purchases and forces existing users to make new steam accounts to monitor spending. You can only use steam funds to purchase in-game.You won't be missing anything by keeping your account with the devs themselves, just do it.EDIT: People saying &quot♥♥♥♥♥those devs"" are so dumb, you realise that the reason the game is going through hard times is because they aren't earning enough money, and you want to give them even less by buying from steam? Righto."
,Not Recommended,582660,33016743,Posted: 29 June,all,- > ADK <-,"at the first u like the game but when u buy it...now u stuck in a software that waste ur time and moneydont ever buy this, on word: this game is ---> FULL PAY TO WIN <---rly fun part is even if u pay u have some items for a period of times. ahahahahahif u bought best package exist in steam (explorer) u will get :1_ u can choose just 1 pet from almost 9 pets offer u2_ u have a horse tier 5 that u will can buy in game btw.3_ some random items in period of time for 7 or 30 dayz4_ u will no get any clothes, BUT u will get 5 coupon for buy a cloth. lol5_ if u think all this is good ahahha u have to know this items just exist just for that character.6_ also u have this items in just that server u redeem them LOOOOL7_ if u play 16hrs per a day its equal o someone play 2hrs per day that bought any♥♥♥♥♥♥in gamewith real money, so what is your playtime doing? nothing8_ just play 100 hrs for 1hr fun9_ finally u can search youtube for more information about this pay to win game*** if u guyz like boooobs go rent some anime movie about boobs so much better ***"
,Not Recommended,582660,33481957,Posted: 12 July,all,Adstar,it was way to boring
76561198005030935,Not Recommended,582660,33640647,Posted: 18 July,all,Nordheimer,"I played a free trial before buying it on steam.Positives:  Character creation is very good.   Fighting system is fun.  I've barely got into using contribution points, but I'm having fun so far.Decide for yourselves:  Every task is a grind, but BDO integrates AFK.  Personally, I like it.Negatives:  Holy ****, the ♥♥♥♥♥ is strong in BDO.  You will block people in this game.  I blocked maybe a dozen and still experienced the following in global/roleplay just yesterday:  (1) Sexual dialogue for the entirety of play.  (2) Toxic political bickering for the entirity of play. (3) Toxic answers to any question. (4) Toxic advertisements. (5) Hours of racist comments.  (6) Lots of racist character names.  (7) Encouraging suicide (at least someone reprimanded this one).Addendum: Today's five-minute sample? 5/7, including a player named ""DickNi**a"".Summary:  Unique MMO.  ****poster infestation."
76561198077181068,Not Recommended,582660,33641430,Posted: 18 July,all,HAM,"I spent 5 hours and 10 dollarydoos to get this game. Booted it up, got disconnected a few times but whatever. Eventually get in, find out there's no Aussie servers and no guilds dedicated to Lord Pauline 'Mm-bop' Hanson. Have to kill a bunch a beetles with♥♥♥♥♥♥ping. Remember that WoW exists. Order refund from Steam and uninstall. Probs don't buy it if you're not a turbo-weeb."
76561198139869767,Recommended,582660,35351356,Posted: 30 September,all,TxGAMINGUK,Best MMO EVER!!!every other MMO 2/10 This MMO 8/10
,Not Recommended,582660,35408315,Posted: 2 October,all,lumihime,"This game isn't even worth the $5.99 I paid for it.I can't even list pros for this game, there's honestly nothing I liked about it other than the fact that it's... affordable, I guess? I played it for 2 days and quickly lost all interest.CONSThe only thing it has going for it is it's character customization, and despite it being advertised as this limitless creator where you could make anyone--it's really limited. For example, I wanted my character to be a beast tamer, but that means you're required to play as an Asian girl. You can't be a guy, you can't pick another ethnicity, you have to be an Asian girl. This disappointed me greatly, especially when I tried to give my character a tan skin-tone with pink hair and she ended up looking atrocious. (and oddly shiny, even on the lowest setting...)The music is forgettable--I haven't come back to a single track wanting to listen to it again. And the voice-acting is just plain subpar. But it's notbad, it's just not memorable.The UI was my least favorite part. It's cluttered and confusing, for example; there's a pop up displaying actions on screen that doesn't disappear, even when I performed said actions. There's also a colossal text pop up along the top which displayed people selling stuff on the market.Story doesn't seem to be anything special at all.This game is literally click-to-win. You hold down the left mouse button and that's it. You win. There is little to no challenge, which turns this game into a grind-fest of levelling and fighting an easy boss every now and then.If you want the pretty clothes and pretty mounts, you'll have to whip out your wallet or be stuck in mediocre rags for the rest of the game with a stupid donkey mount.If you want a fun MMO with none of these cons I listed, go play Final Fantasy XIV."
76561198355959547,Not Recommended,582660,33590768,Posted: 16 July,all,Tera,Game adverts PvP but punishes you for it.
,Not Recommended,582660,35416104,Posted: 2 October,all,Batman,The grind is real...
,Recommended,582660,34828749,Posted: 8 September,all,kool.kevin2006,"...........................▄███▄▄................. ▄▄██▀▀▀▀███▄............... ▄▀▀░░░░░░░░░░▀█....... ▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█...... █░░░░░▀▄░░▄▀░░░░░░░█......▐██▄░░▀▄▀▀▄▀░░▄██▀░▐▌...... █▀█░▀░░░▀▀░░░▀░█▀░░▐▌...... █░░▀▐░░░░░░░░▌▀░░░░░█...... █░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█........█░░▀▄░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░█.........█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░█..........█▀██▀▀▀▀██▀░░░░░░█............█░░▀████▀░░░░░░░█...............█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄█.................██░░░░░█▄▄▀▀░█..................▀▀█▀▀▀▀░░░░░░█...................█░░░░░░░░░░░░█…………._|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|... ..,~”': : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :\..,“: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :\..,“: : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :\..|: : : : : : : |: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :,\..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-'\,...\ : : : : : : : : : :'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |... \: : : : : : : : : : :\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :,/”',... .\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: |/: : : ,“....”,:\: : : : '\: : : : : : :,/.......”-,... ...\: : : : : : : : : : \: |: : ...........\*/ : : : :|: : : : : :,-“..............'|... ... .\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : /..............\/ : : : : /: : : : : :,-“............./... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : '\:/.................\: : :,/: : : : : /................./... ... .....\ : : : : : : : : : \........................\:,-“: : : : :,/............/... ... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : \,..............,”======',_.........­.,-“\... ... ... ... \,: : : : : : : : : \: ¯”'~---~”¯: : : : : : : : : :¯”~~,': |: \... ... ... ... ..'\,: : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : '|: : : : |... ... ... ... ... .\, : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : '/: |... ... ... ... ... ...\,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ..\ : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : :\|... ... ... ... ... ... ...\\,: : : : : : : , : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/: : : : :\: |... ... ... ... ... ... ... .\\ : : : : : : : :'\ : : : : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ... ./:\: : : : : : : : :'\, : :;: : : : : :;: : : :|: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ... /: : \: : : : : : : : : \ : : : : : : : : : : :|: : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... .../: : : '\: : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : :\ : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ... ../: : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : \ : : : ;: : : : : : | : : : : |... ... ... ... ... ... ,/: : : : : : :\: : : : : : : : : : '\,:.. :: : : : : | : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ..,“: : : : : : : :“,: : : : : : : : : : : \, : : : : : :| : : : : :|... ... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : : :\: : : : : /: : : : : : /... ... ... ... ..,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-, : : : : : : : : :'\: : : :| : : : : : ,/... ... ... ... ,/ : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : ;-,: : : : : : : : :'\: : |: : : : : : /... ... ... .../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :;: “-,: : : : : : : : '\: |: : : : : /... ... ... ../: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : : \,|: : : : /... ... ... ,/: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :“-,: : : : : : :\: : : : /... ... .../,,”,,,~,,_: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “-,: : : : : :'\: : :'|... ... ...|',/,/:||:\,\: : : “'~,,~~---,,,_: : : : : : : : '\: : : : : ,: :|... ... ..|: :”: ||: :”: : : : : : :”-,........ ¯¯”''~~~-~.|\: : : : : : \:|... ... ..|: : : ||: : : : : : : : : : :”-,.......................|: : : : : : : \|... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,.....................\: : : : : : : ,\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-,\.......YEE......“\: : : : : : : : '\... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :”-\...............,/: : :\: : : : : : : |... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \,...........,/: : : : '\: : : : : : ||... ... ..| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \.......,/: : : : ,-~/: : ,: |: /:|... ... ..'|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : \~”¯: : : : : :|: ::|: :/::/:,/... ... ...|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |: : : : : : : :”-,,/,/-~”:|﻿"
76561198079246920,Not Recommended,582660,32892778,Posted: 27 June,all,orange lightning,"Game looks nice but keybindings are terrible, it's just not an intuitive game."
,Not Recommended,582660,33374752,Posted: 8 July,all,Nigga gypsy madam zeroni,"take your expectations of how you think this game is, and divide it by 20 and thats how good this game is."
,Not Recommended,582660,32396630,Posted: 13 June,all,toetipper,Controlls suck the game play is choppy. Not much good i can say about this game. Play WoW
76561198086094317,Not Recommended,582660,34125967,Posted: 9 August,all,The Real Ozone,"ProsInteresting combo skillsAmazing graphicsSomewhat activeConsBoring questsToo much like its counter parts in the MMO industry, heavy Asian themeNew players get lost due to poor explanations by the gameExtremely cluttered screenLots of lagFast cooldowns, combat is button mash based with little skill needed"
,Recommended,582660,32744623,Posted: 24 June,all,Aethee J,˙sʞɔns uᴉʞɔnɟ ǝɯɐƃ sᴉɥʇ 'ʇɐqɯoɔ ƃuᴉʞɐʇɥʇɐǝɹq ʎlǝʇnlosqɐ ǝɥʇ oʇ 'slɐnsᴉʌ ƃuᴉuunʇs ǝɥʇ ɯoɹℲ
,Not Recommended,582660,33740802,Posted: 23 July,all,ScuD,"This game has the most incredible combat system of any MMO i have ever played, while it's progression will be very unusual for western players, it can also be extremely satisfying. Black Desert also claims to be an exceptionally beautiful game, but while it may take pretty screenshots, its practical ingame graphics are slow, chuggy, plauged by pop-in and completley destroy an other wise beautiful gameworld with amazing combat controls.its too bad, becuase if this game was firing on all cylynders, it would be a lasting steam hit for sure.graphics suck. don't be fooled by the screenshots.Oh and also there are NO outfits for my female character on the pay shop that aren't full on HOOKER mode. i want my avatar to look like the fighter she is, not a stripper."
76561198088161846,Not Recommended,582660,34190281,Posted: 12 August,all,😈JødeFaen!!!!!!!!😈,Been downloading the game for 4 days and I cant even make an account....
,Recommended,582660,34829145,Posted: 8 September,all,Capitão Aquila,This game really tests my gambling addiction... and also my BDO addiction. At least I can buy pearls using free Steam money.
76561198012361562,Not Recommended,582660,33171824,Posted: 3 July,all,Instantkill,"Do not buy! This game has microtransactions for everything that gives you any remote sense of a good quality of life. Everything else forces you to grind or buy with cash! I made a costume ""in game"" using a ""costume mill"" which was a cool process, until you actually get the costume and it is actually ""armor"" and replaces your armor which gives stats with cosmetic fluff...when all you wanted to do was make something to make yourself look slightly different than all the other players running around while offline to level useless life skill stats to grind harder for more fake cosmetic♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is like going to the store to buy something, carrying the box home and feeling how heavy it is. You get excited to open it and when you do find a small piece of paper that says 15% off your bike.Do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,582660,34299130,Posted: 16 August,all,Bao Sanniang,hugh joke updates take forever 1 or 2 hrs to update its like im installing game over in over again
76561198119459437,Recommended,582660,35344884,Posted: 30 September,all,HarlequinnNova,fun game
76561197985705365,Not Recommended,582660,32188871,Posted: 4 June,all,Die Trying,Just cant get immersed.
,Not Recommended,582660,32174717,Posted: 4 June,all,B_Random,Do not get this game if u love your characters name as its impossible to get any thing nicei tried wht must of been thousands of names from random name generators after i couldnt get any thing.was considering typing in random letters/numbers then it felt like my char was a gold seller...i couldn't do that to a char i put so much time in creating.BTW the Char Creation system is crazy awesome i wish i got to see the rest of the game.the thing is they have unique last name which is given to all your charz on account creationbut there is all so unique first names which makes no sense wht so ever.The game its self looks pretty impressive though. {Youtube Gameplay Check before i bought this}if you can play this game with ur chars name being some thing Hidious congratz i envy you
,Not Recommended,582660,34006931,Posted: 3 August,all,Shamalamadingdong,"This is the absolute worse game of all time!!! You cant even buy♥♥♥♥♥♥without it being stolen from you, and when you get the items you want they just go to waste cause the chances are so goddamn low."
,Recommended,582660,34829550,Posted: 8 September,all,BigMustyBalls,its the best mmo i have ever played sure its not perfect but its sooo fun and the bestt mmo out ther.
76561198067111406,Not Recommended,582660,35397770,Posted: 1 October,all,Kachinsky,haHAAEnHAcInG g3aR 1S 5O fUN
,Not Recommended,582660,31971523,Posted: 26 May,all,Kiri,"So, as a preface, despite my 0 hours on Steam, I have around 100 hours on this game outside of it.This game isn't a bad game - it just labels itself as the wrong genre. Black Desert Online is essentially nothing worth mentioning other than its character creation, so for all intents and purposes, consider this game truly belonging in the Fashion/Dress-em-up genre. Nothing else it offers is valuable enough to even consider it as anything else.Why, you ask? Well, I'll tell you.CombatThe combat in BDO is action-based, and you'll likely find it fairly fun for the first 20 minutes of the game. However, it lacks depth. It's extremely simple, mindlessly pressing your silly little action combos which are always the same with no strategy needed whatsoever. I know you may think I'm exaggerating, but this game genuinely doesn't require any strategy at all in any of the situations you'll be using the combat system. There's typically one better combo you should just always use, streamlining the game to the extent that Club Penguin snowball fights had more strategy involved, at least you had to aim there.SkillsA lot of BDO's players hail its skill system, for giving you 'so much to do', and they're right! You can watch so many shows and play actually good games while participating in the ever exciting gameplay of leaving your character AFK fishing in order to make money. Literally AFK. It requires NO input whatsoever. Sounds amazing, right?Granted, some of the skills do actually require input rarely, but unless you find pressing a single button fun, there likely won't be much in the game for you. Fact is, that BDO's skill system is done better in every way by other MMOs, such as Final Fantasy XIV with its extensive crafting and gathering system, Runescape with its huge amount of skills and ways to level up on. Even Guild Wars 2 has more depth to its skill systems.In summary, BDO's skills are just brainless, boring affairs that often have you leaving your game open AFK in order to achieve them.PVPBDO's PVP is okay. That's about it. You can go and fight other guilds and war them and stuff. However, due to the game's lackluster combat and P2W elements, it will require hundreds of hours of grinding to even get good enough gear (gear is all that matters in this game) to be able to compete in PVP effectively. Or of course, you could just go buy money and items from the cash shop. Some may claim this isn't P2W at all and is just pay for convenience, and I can understand the point, but claiming something you can buy at the click of the button compared to a 400 hour grind isn't even slightly P2W is just delusional.If you want a game with good PVP, go check out Guild Wars 2, ESO, or WoW. All three of these do pvp content FAR better than BDO does, and have more to do in combat than mindlessly using the same combo over and over.RaidingNope. Just world bosses that are glorified training dummies with no strategy required. Think GW2's ones, but worse in every way.EconomyBDO's economy tries to be in depth and fun by copying Archeage, and then adding artificial difficulty on top. Oh, you also need to level up multiple alt accounts in order to even try and compete/earn money a decent amount of money within the economy. Of course, you can also just bypass the economy with your wallet, making the system meaningless anyway.One thing that IS neat about it, is that you can go be a pirate on a boat and steal people's stuff. Like in Archeage.GraphicsEasily would be the best thing about this game if it didn't have a whole host of technical issues, such as major pop-in issues that make you feel like you're playing Fallout 4 on an Xbox. The pop-in issues really do ruin this game's otherwise impressive graphics, as it removes any immersion in the world entirely, when you see a tree suddenly pop up right in front of you out of nowhere.Of course, the game's graphics are best in case on the characters. This game features a highly in depth character creation system, easily the best of any 'MMO' out there, which allow you to make your virtual waifus to your hearts content. As for dressing them, however, you better be ready to grind hundreds of hours for the outfits, or just buy them from the cash shop at around £20 an outfit! Amazing deal, right? - this game NEVER adds outfits that you don't have to buy from the cash shop or from someone who bought them from the cash shop for silly amounts of money. Ever.Even as a dress your waifu simulator, it falls short due to this. You're much better off making a catgirl in Final Fantasy XIV, which has hundreds of outfits and actual art direction, which this game lacks. And while it is subscription based, a years subscription costs about as much as 2-3 outfits in Black Desert.StoryThere's a story? Maybeeee? I personally couldn't tell.EndgameWhat's that? Ask the developers of Black Desert, Pearl Abyss.The only 'endgame' that exists in BDO is dressing your waifu up in new ways. Which overexposing, totally protective piece of armour will you buy next? Will you make her thighs, or butt bigger? The choices are endless!If for some reason you actually want to participate in the intended endgame of BDO, prepare yourself for the adventure of a lifetime. Thousands of hours doing literally nothing but grinding to level up, make gold, and get new gear. This is a korean MMO at its very core, for those who love nothing more than having a job outside of your job, this is the game for you.New Content UpdatesThe bulk of BDO's new content is new outfits you can buy for your waifu from the cash shop. Occasionally, they add a new class which is usually gender-locked as they're too lazy to design gear for both genders, since they'd have to give the starter gear away for free instead of put it on the cash shop. Don't expect anything interesting from these classes other than looking cool when you stand around AFK fishing, however.ConclusionBlack Desert Online is a decent fashion simulator. If you have money to burn, you should go make your new virtual girlfriend or boyfriend right away, and spend hundreds on the illusive array of clothing available to you, featuring unique designs, such as a maid outfit, a cat outfit, and that one armor piece from TERA that the lolis wear.If you're looking for a good MMO, this isn't the place for you. Everything this game does is done better by another MMO.Combat? Head for WoW, FFXIV, or GW2.Skilling? Runescape, FFXIV, GW2.Fashion? FFXIV, TERA.Graphics?  Yup, this will suit you.  Beware the ninja pop-in trees. However, you should just go mod single-player Skyrim and make that your fashion simulator instead, it's a lot cheaper, and the outfits don't cost the same as it does to eat for two weeks, they're free.Raiding? WoW, FFXIV.There's nothing this game truly excels at other than its character creation, which is shamefully put to waste by the rest of the game. Again, single-player skyrim is better for this, unless you want to ERP, which a large portion of this game's community spends its time doing. I guess you could say ERP is the true endgame of BDO, since it's all people stick around for."
,Not Recommended,582660,33086990,Posted: 1 July,all,Jesuit Priest,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing confusing, i regret getting this game"
76561198343780898,Not Recommended,582660,33307177,Posted: 6 July,all,PureDeathCore,"After putting a month into this highly polished beautiful♥♥♥♥♥♥stain of an MMO the game ♥♥♥♥ed me out of the 2 best end of the month attendance rewards which are worth quiteee a bit of gold which i literally downloaded an update and waited for, just to log in and see my attendance had been reset to the beginning. ♥♥♥♥ THAT, I log in daily, and waited a ♥♥♥♥ing month for those good rewards just for the game to screw me. So since now i'd have to wait forever to get the gold I NEEDED to repair and finish enhancing my gear i shall be quitting this game. I should be happy, it was bound to happen soon anyway. This game is terrible and completely devoid of content. It's one huge grind session where you do nothing but kill the same mobs over and over and over again with no purpose. THere's literally no point, the game has no goals. The koreans that half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this game put 0 work into anything besides the graphics."
76561198202391451,Not Recommended,582660,33798487,Posted: 25 July,all,✪kurVムC CSGOgem.com,Very lagy even on high  end pc
76561198100987821,Not Recommended,582660,34735972,Posted: 4 September,all,HoliDaySpirit,"I do not recommend this game..why well after 19h I have been compleatly shut out of the servers... if I go on one  "" Sorry this server is only for new or returning adventurers "" and some servers are compleaty shut down...I do not want someone to buy this and find the same glitch as I did."
76561198056327363,Not Recommended,582660,32412026,Posted: 14 June,all,V (Banished),"Awesome (just kidding).. Paid for a game that can't even launch properly, display horribly and won't even let me click the options. Went into the game files to change the resolution to fix the problem but UI is still not letting me click anything. I'm stuck at the main menu looking at a pixelated mess."
78987978977777777,Recommended,582660,32052008,Posted: 29 May,all,cool story bro,™
,Recommended,582660,34865002,Posted: 10 September,all,Winston J,"10/10 When frog men and grass snails attack, you just gotta charge in there and show them what youre fighting forhttp://imgur.com/a/BgvN3"
,Not Recommended,582660,32011804,Posted: 27 May,all,mLatchi,No Australian Severs. Thats al
76561198105509670,Not Recommended,582660,32026425,Posted: 28 May,all,toot,"FIRST IMPRESSIONS -Feels like a typical 2010 Aeria Games Free to Play mmo but, the thing is.It's not free and it's no longer 2010.The HUD is a cluttered mess, the overbearing burden of learning everything in the first couple hours, The gender locked classes, Just mehh I could go on but, why should I? Its the same ol' asian MMO we have all played before this time with a pay wall behind it for no reason at all.The combat is alright I would say that is this games only saving grace even though most moden MMO's do combat this same way for example Tera, Blade and Soul, and Elder Scrolls OnlineOptimization is decent i've seen worse but, it's also pretty bad at the same time I have to play on the absolute lowest graphical settings to get a stable 60fps on an Intel Core i5 6400 + RX 460 + 8GB RamJust pass on it. I really was expecting something better. I just question when I play these types of mmos is ""why play this when Guild Wars 2 and Elder Scrolls Online do everything this game does but, 100x better and less clunky.""Just pass.(Will edit this review the more I play and if my mind changes overtime.)"
,Recommended,582660,35265328,Posted: 28 September,all,...,Start game.Boobs.Level and join guild.Multiply boobs.Join clan.So many boobs
76561198277455537,Not Recommended,582660,35318452,Posted: 29 September,all,Spenic123,Absoulte trash
76561198111438227,Not Recommended,582660,32078179,Posted: 30 May,all,xAlvin07x,"I purchased this product as a total new player.Apparently, at the beginning it will ask you to create a new account.So I created one, and it will email to me the one time key that I have to input to the game once loaded.And so I did, but it won't accept the key.I tried a new email.Same thing.I am stuck at account creation.Game loaded for 4 hours downloading the patch.I asked Steam for refund, they rejected me because I exceeded 2 hours of gaming.4.6 hours of gaming downloading the patch and stuck at the f***ng account creation screen.NEVER buy this on steam."
,Not Recommended,582660,34850216,Posted: 9 September,all,Frase,"complete sh*t, one of the worst MMO's i have experienced."
76561198131992731,Not Recommended,582660,33495447,Posted: 12 July,all,josheerz,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!This game is only ten bucks sure... But believe me when I say it is pay to win, your in game currency takes up weight you can carry items with... So how do you increase your inventory weight? MICRO TRANSACTIONS OUT THE♥♥♥♥♥BABY! Don't buy this trash♥♥♥♥♥game."
76561198113776186,Not Recommended,582660,33097270,Posted: 1 July,all,Cipher,North Korean
,Recommended,582660,31943132,Posted: 24 May,all,dvfaa ;,it ok
,Not Recommended,582660,34835346,Posted: 9 September,all,Schiaz,Worst game 2k17.
,Not Recommended,582660,32122294,Posted: 1 June,all,dninemfive,"In addition to the ""anti-cheat"" rootkit (xhunter1), the game required me to register a third email (separate from the first I used when considering this game standalone and the second I had to register to get a free trial) to use the Steam version.The game itself's pretty boring too (played the standalone for an hour and a half and was still in the tutorial, but accessing quests needed a 3 second animation EVERY TIME)."
76561198057335721,Not Recommended,582660,34392749,Posted: 21 August,all,addicted2diving,"I have to say I am disapointed. After really starting to like this game, I find out the hard way that at level 45 you get thrown into world pvp with no choice in the matter. Nothing in what I read before purchasing this game said anything about it. It only talked about guild wars, which in it self sounded fun. However, a world where people come along while you are questing and kill you for fun and you don't even have a faction on your side? Not my idea of fun. Not to mention the death penalties for it. Complete waste of my $30. I onlt played 3 days and it already happened to the friend I was playing with (which is how we found out). A high level decided to kill him just cause he could. Then if you haven't been playing long enough to have the money to replace what gear just broke, tough."
,Recommended,582660,35253550,Posted: 27 September,all,mavi,What do you mean my waifu isn't real?
76561198008960145,Not Recommended,582660,32009034,Posted: 27 May,all,justin2166,"I beta-tested the game briefly, but I cannot log into my previous account, nor can I create a new account with the same email address.  You cannot skip the ""Create an account"" step and log in with any other account."
76561198011029176,Not Recommended,582660,32041372,Posted: 29 May,all,SAAAAAAAAA!,"Previews 10/10.Bought the game and installed three times now. Still unable to play, due to a C++ Runtime Error that keeps popping up. I've updated everything that could possibly be relevant and it's still not fixed. Any ideas? Would love to give this game more than 1/10 stars."
76561198153088331,Not Recommended,582660,32075423,Posted: 30 May,all,король лоли,"The game is great, I've played plenty on my previous account. i wish they would let me transfer my account onto steam. I was forced to make a new email so I could play the game :/I bought the game but I'm probably going to use the old launcher until this feature is added."
76561198069453716,Not Recommended,582660,32162776,Posted: 3 June,all,thislastime92,"I was really looking forward  enjoying  my huge boobed jiggly butt Dark Knight. However, doing more research lead me to discover the silent installation and operation of the game's Anti-Cheating Software. Good thing it was only $10..."
76561198198024209,Not Recommended,582660,34381232,Posted: 20 August,all,Frutay,"Worst 10$ ever spent. The game crashes constantly and it's almost impossible to play, memory leak and the server support is just awful plus P2W."
,Not Recommended,582660,32821701,Posted: 26 June,all,XDlegend,its just badlike♥♥♥♥♥♥bad
76561198300416709,Not Recommended,582660,33655967,Posted: 19 July,all,NoodlesChamploo,"MY GAME WONT STAR FOR 2 WEEKS NOW EVEN WITH THE UPDATE,  WONT CONNECT TO SERVER AND JUST CLOSES!!!!"
,Not Recommended,582660,32739760,Posted: 24 June,all,Helgast,CONNECTION WITH SERVER HAS BEEN LOSTthe real name of this game should be   BLACK DISCONNECTED ONLINEI JUST WASTE MY MONEY DONT BUY THIS GRABGE UNTILL THEY FIX THIS PROBELM
76561198071760031,Not Recommended,582660,33585096,Posted: 16 July,all,AmericanJohnny,"no i do NOT recommend this game....it could be my graphics card and its maximum resoluation ability but even though im getting 30 fps all the forced tutorial crap gets right into the middle of the screen, and theres no way to turn it off... i cant see what im doing.... also if you force your way threw it somehow, the auto run to the next objective is horriable... i have no idea where im running to but my charater thinks she can climb over a tall mountain... rediculous. the graphics seem nice...looks like it could be a fun game... but its not working out for me on this computer and its a pretty decent computer. im going to mark it down....i cant be the only one with problems on here. RUST runs better than this game... the game RUST, imagine that"
,Not Recommended,582660,34113977,Posted: 8 August,all,Alexs1711,"bad optimization even having a decent pc rx 480 8 gb and a i5 6500 the ♥♥♥♥ing cities are overcrowded afboring as ♥♥♥♥ , just for persons with mental problems or strong addictions"
76561198076780464,Not Recommended,582660,32335297,Posted: 10 June,all,Tyco,Great Graphics. Trash game. Not even close to being noob friendly at all. The Server chat is a bunch of cucks BMing each other all day. Elitism is beyong real in this game.Cancer Xingcode.. lol.. still have it stuck on my pc.. straight cancer
76561197970456887,Not Recommended,582660,35274223,Posted: 28 September,all,deadunderglass,This game is pretty as can be.. but is a empty husk with jack nothing to do!
76561198031508549,Not Recommended,582660,33498916,Posted: 13 July,all,TuonenKulkija,"BDO is a good game for sure, especially combat is super fun, but it lacks that something to keep me playing more and more. I guess it doesn't have enough character or something, idk... or maybe I've been playing way too much World of Warcraft and know what a great MMORPG is like :D"
76561198006588159,Not Recommended,582660,34055830,Posted: 6 August,all,Crestfallen Warrior,"I literally played this game for not even the 3.2 hours it said I did and just........why does everything out of Asia have to be some rapey, pervy portrayal of anything feminine?  Like seriously, you really think Im just so far gone that Im gonna fap to this♥♥♥♥♥♥  Theres like, actual porn I can access within mere seconds.  FFS, im not gonna stoop to the level of using a gad damn vidya game for that.  And beyond that, the little spirit guide thing that talks to you basically tells you right away that the whole game is going to be a pointless grind when it says something like ""oh lets go ttalk to the human, you know, the needy creatures that always give you chores to do"".....cool, love being told just straight out that the game is just going to be a boring grind/fetch quest excercise.  You gotta at least disguise that fact somehow.  If you admit thats what you've made for a game then why the ♥♥♥♥ did you bother making something purposefully dull?  I have no respect for that kind of design philosophy and cynical treatment of the player.  Its like that time in college for my 100 level general history requirement I got some bitter lady prof who was just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥she got stuck teaching freshman and literally stood up in front of class and told us how she picked the most dense, boring textbook possible.  Great, way to tell me the whole semester is gonna suck♥♥♥♥♥ just like this game.  But then again I dunno, maybe I should applaud that so I didn't waste 50-100 hours only to realize it was all a waste in the end.  From everything I've read, the game basically requires you to spend money on pets because they are never actually available or get bought up so quick youll never find one for in-game currency.  And all just to get to an end game grind thats even worse.The graphics are nice and the fighting system is actually quite good for an MMO but its all a waste because there is Zero challenge to the game whatsoever.  I dont think I took more than 10 percent damage the whole time as a wizard, which I assume isnt supposed to be tanky.  Maybe Im being harsh because Im a Dark Souls fan but like really, just no challenge at all.  Ive heard the endgame sucks as well and theres not much reason to group up with people.  Normally I'd almost like that, I hate how everyone just rushes through stuff in a party and snaps at you for also not running as fast as humanly possible through everything.  Which of course implies no one is actually enjoying anything they are doing, which in turn begs the question:  why the ♥♥♥♥ does anyone play MMOs?  Seriousoly, they all suck.  Play a real game like Witcher 3 or Dark Souls.  I guess if you're determined to have something to just mindlessly play that looks pretty and offers a no-challenge power fantasy (with gnerder-locked classes and pervy, rapey, lolita female classes of course because creepy Asians fantasize about white women they will never have..and assume the rest of us are doing the same.....) then yea sure.....for only 10 bucks its probably not a terrible deal assuming you dont give in and buy all the crap the game tries to backahndedly force you to buy.  Otherwise.....yea, go play a real game.  hell I'd recommend EVE online over this.  Not as boring as lineage 2 though by Korean rpg standards, I'll give it that.  If your a genere fan then tentative recommend.  For anyone else, nah."
76561198396713519,Not Recommended,582660,34896549,Posted: 12 September,all,NotSoPerfectAlex,This game i really didnt like because every time i tried playing it it went black... i could creat characters and everything which was fun dont get me wrong but this you really need to fix or im getting a damn refund.
76561198226942580,Not Recommended,582660,34069685,Posted: 6 August,all,็۞N۞[]۞y۞P!,hi i dunno what happen but i cant join any server..... can you pls help me thank you ;(
76561198114808097,Not Recommended,582660,34494023,Posted: 25 August,all,Corbin_ | h1z1swap.com,ive been scammed the desert is'nt black wtf is this♥♥♥♥♥♥i want my fukn $10 back. ffs
,Recommended,582660,34771891,Posted: 6 September,all,what is dota,"FYI... Really good game, dont listen to people who write bad reviews about this game. I think you guys should try it for yourselves."
,Not Recommended,582660,35387342,Posted: 1 October,all,★ D3XTER ★,:C
76561198031629776,Not Recommended,582660,32054444,Posted: 29 May,all,shadowsphere100,"This is an odd game in that it has several competing elements. The best thing this game has going for itself is that is gorgeous. For every other feature in this game I'm not sure if I like it or not.Travel: There is no fast travel in this game. However, you can put a way point on your and your character will walk their automatically. This gives you time to enjoy the scenery and look at the many different statistical options.Crafting: The crafting, gathering, and development system is super extensive. Getting different food ingredients, alchemist items, mining, fishing, etc. There are even layers to build trade routes and hiring NPC workers to gather, trade, and even craft items for you.Combat: Fun Action RPG style with different combos. At least at the start of the game the combat is super easy. I killed the first 2 bosses without going bellow 90% of my health and I'm carrying around 100 healing potions that I never use.AFK Rewards: This game actually rewards you for being AFK. You can literally set up and let the game run and you'll get experience and items.Conclusion 5/10: This game is one part button masher, one part economical management system, one part sandbox open world and one part screen saver. All of these things are good but the overall system is clunky and their is no motivation to play besides get random stuff.P.S. If you are interested in the game purchase the cheapest version of the game. The other two item packs aren't that useful or fun. You can get most of the items after playing a little in game."
,Not Recommended,582660,32232471,Posted: 6 June,all,iNSiPiD1 /twitch/,"This is a horrendous game. The lag is horrible. The stuttering that occurs while your character auto-runs to the various locations is a constant reminder that you've wasted your money. Looking at all the characters AFK farming their way to ""glory"" is another reminder that you're probably playing a game that's not worth your time.You wont encounter any challenge in this game. You will never be close to dying under any circumstances. The monsters wont even bother to attack you. If they do attack you you'll just fart and they will die anyway so it doesn't matter.There is no incentive to actually looking at what's going on around you because you just click an icon and your character will auto-run to the location and when you get their you'll just smash your keyboard and everything around you will fall over and die. While you auto-run you'll probably spend your time desperately trying to understand the interface of the game, reading tooltips and just being confused. You will then realize that you need to watch video after video, and read wiki after wiki to have a clue what's going on.Also, the voice acting is an absolute joke. I mean literally a JOKE. You'll be LAUGHING at the fact that horrible things are happening to people because the voice actors had bubble gum shoved up their nostrils prior to speaking their lines. If you want another laugh inspect the corpses all around you and read the thoughts your character has about them. It's SUPER cringey.This game is a disgrace to MMOs, and gaming in general, and I have no idea how so many people are playing it. I cannot wait for the flood of downvotes from people who've invested thousands of hours in this ""game"". *grabs popcorn*On TOP of all that I wrote above, it apparently installs malware like anti-cheat software on your computer that doesn't go away when you uninstall the game. What a freaking joke!"
,Not Recommended,582660,32051750,Posted: 29 May,all,Aldron,"First of all you should be more than aware of the optimisation of the game being absolute trash, almost Rust level...Secondly, you aren't given the basic options of swapping gender when making your character a certain class and after that saying that the UI is overcrowded would be understating it and the list keeps on going, but I will give it this the combat is very fast and to an extent reminds me of DMC or Darksiders."
,Not Recommended,582660,32782632,Posted: 25 June,all,=AK=Tetragrammaton,"Game is a piece of trash. It constantly loses connection to the limited server capacity that it has, and when it does the client crashes. The idea of it is good, but it is poorly implemented and maintained. The game is not worth much more than the $5 I paid for it.EDIT: I have no idea why the steam allows people to comment on my opinion of the game. Also, disregard what the developer has commented below, as it is IRRELEVANT what's going on until the game is FIXED.Just lost connection for a fourth time today. Nothing wrong with my internet. Started a horse race and the game hung up.The severe lag issues and disconnecting are annoying. The icing on the cake is that when you disconnect, the game completely crashes and you have to reload, which is an entire 10 minute process while we look at splash screens, developer icons, blackness, and eventually a loading screen. The game boasts AFK gaming, but you have to be logged in to be AFK. The game does not continue to process anything for you once you log out.Game also good for 12 year olds who think Alienware Memes and Traps/Futanari's are hilarious... because you're sure going to hear a lot about them."
76561198004571319,Not Recommended,582660,32650905,Posted: 22 June,all,sasbitterhold,"bought this game a few weeks ago, after a update the game would not launch and also crash my PC.re-installed and same issue will start to download update then my pc will shut down.dont have any other problems with any other game on steam.waisted a saturday trying to fix this and just uninstalled before it messes up my computer."
76561198215030849,Not Recommended,582660,33278575,Posted: 5 July,all,W0RD the N3RD,"This game is cheap because it is full of microtransactions. Not really p2w, but not worth all the charges to accomplish the cool stuff."
76561197960317756,Not Recommended,582660,33623694,Posted: 17 July,all,IkeA,"Story is non existent and this game is a truly pay2win one. Content quality is bad, quests are really dumb. If you want to grind all day long dumb enemies this one is for you."
76561198137876826,Not Recommended,582660,33293199,Posted: 5 July,all,xXx_sneezer_boi_lord_69_xXx,"It wont lauch or do anything as promised.When I actually get into a server it kicks me instantly and it just crashes.If it wont work no one will buy, fix your game."
,Not Recommended,582660,32622563,Posted: 21 June,all,LordLiquidBaconII,I get microstutters in Black Desert Online.Specs:Ryzen 5 1600 (overclocked to 3.8 GHz but still had micro stutter at clock speeds)ASUS ROG Strix RX 580 OC Edition (stock)G.SKILL 2 x 8 GB DDR4 3000ASRock X370 Killer SLI/ac AM4BIOS is on version 2.40 (2.50 made the computer crash on all games with 3d elements that I tried)
,Not Recommended,582660,33468826,Posted: 11 July,all,radishattack,I've played a lot of boring MMOs and this is a lot of boring MMO
76561198001000213,Not Recommended,582660,33243632,Posted: 4 July,all,Krattar,"I saw what was a decently reviewd MMO for $8. No monthly fee, just $8. What I purchased turned out to be a crapload of issues. Here's the list I ran into in the first 30 minutes:1. If I click Black Knight in character creation, the game crashes.2. When the game crashes, it resets every last setting back to the default. EVERY SINGLE TIME.3. Character creation crashes the game.4. It resets my settings AGAIN.5. Game crashes when I click play.I uninstalled and redownloaded/installed and the crashes became more persistent. Stay away from this unstable piece of garbage they're trying to pass off as a game. I've got to decide if I want to keep trying or just ask Steam for a refund. This is ridiculous, game is more unstable than GTA V's PC launch day."
,Not Recommended,582660,32650185,Posted: 22 June,all,ADKL,I didn't like it but for the 6 € i don't feel robber unlike other games i trew money at
76561198357495025,Not Recommended,582660,32827654,Posted: 26 June,all,VFour,I think that this game isn't for someone that searches for a MMORPG feeling.This has an oriental essence to it and it kind of step aside from the usual mmorpg style that we all are familiar with.Not fun
76561198176890866,Not Recommended,582660,32945308,Posted: 28 June,all,Ya Boi Here,World of Warcraft Rip off
,Recommended,582660,32061844,Posted: 30 May,all,ＮＯＳＴＡＬＧＩＣ,neat gaem
,Not Recommended,582660,34939156,Posted: 13 September,all,Tartholras | gamekit.com,not very engaging
76561198079853709,Recommended,582660,35343381,Posted: 30 September,all,Slifer,One of the best MMORPG I have ever played :)
76561198296564267,Not Recommended,582660,32073006,Posted: 30 May,all,Unknown,"I looked at the trial version and for some reason came back after disliking that and bought this 40 percent off version, thinking it might be a little smoother over steam, nope, same game. It's a mess."
76561198140903257,Not Recommended,582660,32088576,Posted: 31 May,all,usumaki71,I already had Black Desert Online account. How can I pass the ♥♥♥♥ out of account registation screen? I cant login game if It still pop up
76561198048792152,Not Recommended,582660,33992218,Posted: 3 August,all,Autistic Fatty,Gets boring really fast.Tedious tutorial.
,Not Recommended,582660,32242605,Posted: 7 June,all,WHG | BraveCat,uh
,Not Recommended,582660,32053697,Posted: 29 May,all,Dread Katak,"If you wasted money on this trash game when it was still in beta and got a pre-order package, then you'll waste money again on it when you buy it on steam and you'll be unable to link with your original account.Also, the game is bad."
76561198143767220,Not Recommended,582660,35395908,Posted: 1 October,all,Giantor,What kind of moron do you need to be to enjoy this garbage?
76561198006102139,Not Recommended,582660,32091105,Posted: 31 May,all,Lonewar,"Played for 4 hours,  pretty game, but pretty dull to play.. very odd controls, they have tried to be unique, but it unfortunately fails, Neverwinter is a far better game to play... A shame, I waited for the this to come out, but it has no sense of adventure!"
76561198050220047,Not Recommended,582660,32057913,Posted: 30 May,all,Snowy,I currently have 1.2 hours played on file. This is literally me trying to get this game to run for the past 8 hours with the same ♥♥♥♥ing error.♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198013549556,Not Recommended,582660,35275820,Posted: 28 September,all,T!t0 R!cH,It's boring to me.
76561198005571427,Not Recommended,582660,32089964,Posted: 31 May,all,Gen Greavous,"Many many things wrong with this game and this is just a few things.- Really lacking in visuals, bad polys and cheap texture/models, lots of clipping on mobs and terrain.- Classes itself as a pvp game when there is little pvp (pvp uses karma that depletes with killing, 3 kills and your out of karma and cant go to towns) involved and the pve is just mindless grinding of weak mobs and pvp conisists of war decs that arnt optional.- At higher levels you lose exp for dying making the grind harder considering 1% at lvl 58 can take 20+ minutes.- Completly useless auto run system that plows you into walls and cliffs or tracks you into the sky.- Boring generic kill quests over and over with little story or sense that give nothing as a reward.- No end game for pvp or pve that is any different from what you can do at level 1, its either node wars or kill bosses for a 1% drop chance.- Crafting system (manditory) that can have you lose your items and end up with nothing, trinkets can be lost but other gear can fail upgrading making you dump money to upgrade it bck to where it was.- Flashy unnecesary combat that is laggy and unresponsive at best which makes pvp a gamble and pve slow, also lack fo animations or indication of effects such as a stun, the character simply becomes unresponsive.- Class restrictions, weapon restrictions, trading restrictions, PURCHASING! restrictions everything works 1 way and 1 way only very little variation, trying to buy something from the market place is RNG and you can spend hours trying to buy something and stil get nothing.- Overpriced cash shop for essentially pay to win items (the game is a grinder so anything that speeds this up makes you 'win' faster, pets loot for you making it faster).- Uninteresting character creation all round (gender restriction, basic face molding) limited options and variation from other people.- Bad character acting and some voices not even changed from chinese, every character (even males) sound like a little girl squeeling.- Very bad and too few servers, weekends and week nights the servers are all overcrowded so you cant do anything because of competition at mobs or lag (cities are a wait fest to even speak to a NPC and grinding spots are continually contested).So far i have found nothing that would make this game enter even the top 100 best MMO's.Just another generic grinder MMO that wont last the test of time, quick cash grab for the devs.0/10 should be free to play and offer alot more.Only buy this if you have friends on the game or really enjoy grinder games.Thanks for the Dev reply, i am trying to keep updating my review as i play more."
,Not Recommended,582660,35274843,Posted: 28 September,all,Slayze ツ,Waste of money. P2W cookie cutter MMO which feels like a F2P game.
,Not Recommended,582660,32700820,Posted: 23 June,all,Deku,No dungeons?? Follow arrows. FUN!
,Not Recommended,582660,32041162,Posted: 29 May,all,MadnessRelic,The most insultingly bad and painfully long tutorial I have ever played EVER!
76561198081423449,Not Recommended,582660,32054239,Posted: 29 May,all,joephllp07,I can not recommend this game to anyone who loves games with deep character customization as I do.Pros:It has beautiful graphics.It has a some what powerful character creatorConsUgly uiGENDER LOCKED classes!!Class locked Character appearance (and not just gear) as in your character's facial features/presets!!!No real character customization of gear at all unless you buy outfits for real money from the game store or grind for a reallllllly lllllong time to buy them off the auction house!!!!!
76561198369016602,Not Recommended,582660,33875722,Posted: 29 July,all,Cicero,I regret buying this..... I'll probably never touch the game again
,Not Recommended,582660,33665515,Posted: 19 July,all,Beavis,"There's nothing to do with your friends, and not much to do on your own. Nothing to do at max level except ""FIND YOUR OWN SANDBOX FUN"" which basically means nothing to do. 0 party content, sad to see all the hype was for nothing, should be free.And the little black guy you need to summon out of the ground every 2 seconds comes out so slow and it needs to be way faster because I probably spent more time talking to that little idiot than playing the game, aka grinding mobs. On to the next."
,Not Recommended,582660,32044514,Posted: 29 May,all,codeStrider,"After actually getting to play for a couple of hours, my end result is that this is not very fun.  I didn't experience all of the bugs that everyone else mentioned, but I did have a couple of crashes.The main reason I can't recommend it is the convoluted systems outside of combat.  Combat itself is great, fun and engaging.  However, the investments, conversations, housing, markets, etc. left me with much to be desired.  I wasn't able to figure out Node Management or how to actually get my home working after purchaing a house.  Might have just been my laziness, but it still wasn't fun to me."
,Not Recommended,582660,35416023,Posted: 2 October,all,YourAverageKiwi,dont.
76561198069414213,Not Recommended,582660,32066114,Posted: 30 May,all,martinp123,"The game is very very overwhelming for new players and the performace is absolutly terrible. I have a 1070, i7 4790k and 16gb ram and it runs awful in every configuration. Also the game bugged out in my 3rd tutorial quest and wont allow me to complete it. The game seems fine and i like the idea of it but wow its poorly optomised."
76561198118065255,Not Recommended,582660,32111432,Posted: 1 June,all,Kazenko,"lmao can't even make an account, gg 0.7/10"
76561198094037087,Not Recommended,582660,32204513,Posted: 5 June,all,Lithium,cant play steam version if you already have it = screw that
76561197970991776,Not Recommended,582660,32161993,Posted: 3 June,all,CNL Jack Oneill,"Had problems getting the game to run after adjusting video/graphic settings , you have been warned ...Deleted and refunded ...."
76561198107195783,Not Recommended,582660,33732243,Posted: 22 July,all,Metsnjets012,"While i write this review i can't help but point out the flaws of this really depressing game. When i first started out I loved the game, I felt that it was a game i could sink hundreds of hours into in PVP and PVE, but as I got closer and closer to late game, i realized how horrible some key aspects were. For example, the mount system is absolutely trash. Your mount will stay in one location for ever. There is no way to summon it, he just stays there. If you ever need to get your mount, you must run back to the location where he was left. Providing obnoxious and pointless travel around the whole continent. Currently there is no way to fast travel from point a to point b. The map is so large it takes 30 minutes to walk from one side to the other. The final game breaking flaw for me is the boat systems. The boats seem clunky and almost as a WIP. I still hope they will be fixed as it would add so much to a game with great roots. The boats are slow and laggy and decay  within a week of getting them. After a certain amount of time your boat is just gone and every time  you must obtain a new boat and eventually, do it again. Overall this MMO is truly stunning to look at while having great PVP but until these flaws that i have pointed out are fixed i simply can't play it."
,Not Recommended,582660,33495457,Posted: 12 July,all,White_Mandingo,This game is not Old School Runescape. I did not like it.
76561198306730953,Not Recommended,582660,33624845,Posted: 18 July,all,DarkFX,"Even with my i7 6700 4ghz, 1080ti (with latest drivers) and 16gb DDR4 game runs very poorly (30-40fps) no matter what settings I used. There's probably some problems with Nvidia cards in this game because I read similiar problems with other people. It was sad to refund because game looked interesting."
76561198061150326,Not Recommended,582660,35278638,Posted: 28 September,all,FishToFu,"never connect to the server, fail to connect evertime."
,Not Recommended,582660,33491971,Posted: 12 July,all,Buttslut,I feel like I've been doing tutorial quests for 5 hours and I still don't understand how this game works.
,Recommended,582660,32329893,Posted: 10 June,all,PeenWeinerSteen,Cool Game
,Not Recommended,582660,32044744,Posted: 29 May,all,Pixel,"I would love to play this game, i can imagine many would love to. But i've encountered a problem i've tried to fix with all the fixes suggested to me by the support team but none have worked so far. I've been getting the ""Failed to connect"" error everytime i try to start up the game. It boots me from the game straight afterwards. The time i have spent ingame was spent ""Processing"" and failing.If anyone else is having the same problem and managed to fix it, i'd love to hear it. But i've almost heard every fix in the book."
76561198033943575,Not Recommended,582660,32076746,Posted: 30 May,all,Neodova,"I probably would enjoy this game.... IF IT ♥♥♥♥IN WORKED! Keep getting ""Error Code 10 Steam has failed to initialize"" Alright.... So I go to the common errors page and would ya look at that.... Error 10 is there..... And their explanation of how to fix it is restart Steam... And if that fails then just restart your PC...... So.... Your solution of turning it off and then back on has failed horrificly because I have attempted both of those steps atleast a dozen times and am still recieving the same error.Anger aside I have seen videos of this game and have friends who play and talk about it and it seems like a game I would  really enjoy. But I can not give a good recommendation on a game I cant ♥♥♥♥in play because of an error that I cant fix because the steps set forth by the makers of the game dont work."
76561198004029509,Not Recommended,582660,32471265,Posted: 16 June,all,SoftCake,"After Downloading i could playe around 2hours, then next day the new Patch came out.Okay, downloading it.Now, i cant play anymore. Disconnects after 2-3 Minutes.Okay my Internet is not the greatest, but, many others have that Problem too.And the Devs do NOTHING about that. Its not on our Side. I could play it for 2hours God damn -.-And now after trying to play, i am over 2 hours and cant get my Money back, thank you Devs.10€ for 2 Hours. Really, iam so mad right now!DONT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198072485016,Not Recommended,582660,32022625,Posted: 28 May,all,PlagueB,"I just cant play this game. The graphics are considered beautiful but in reality its a mess of items on your screen, you will not be able to tell a mob from loot from bush from other players. And grass is just visually annoying as hell. Also inventory system was made into pure waste of time. Deliberately placing complex systems that bring no value once you master the complexity but only serve as time sinks... Or is it making people get more items in a shop? And combat is just plain bad. Maybe you will enjoy this game but my eyes hurt from playing it. And I have zero sense of acomplishment or connection to any of the characters I made. The world and the lore are just a pile of mess, same as wiith graphics."
,Not Recommended,582660,32711302,Posted: 23 June,all,Drax99,"Was not impressed by what I saw. Character creation was amazing, until I discovered I would have to cross-dress to play the class I wanted. What is this, Diablo? Things went downhill from there. Controls are way over complicated, and the graphics hurt my eyes for some reason. I felt like I was in very bright sunlight, barely able to squint through the glare. The fact that it looked like a hundred other krpg games I have played did it no favors.Overall, not a bad gam so far, but not really all that good. Plenty of free games just as good to choose from."
,Not Recommended,582660,33574960,Posted: 15 July,all,SirRoxasXIII,this game is consuming my life help i havent peed in a year
,Not Recommended,582660,33466311,Posted: 11 July,all,Harmil,"This game crashes constantly reporting a ""suspicious program,"" but the program it's reporting is something that I explicitly installed and use frequetnly, and which passes all malware checks. Frankly, I think this is actually just a clumsy attempt at cheat detection, but it literally crashes the game and doesn't save character creation details!"
76561198028534297,Not Recommended,582660,33158573,Posted: 2 July,all,Gordon,"2 hours in, already realised that all you do is push t to auto-walk to objectives and click furiously to kill enemies.can't complain about the graphics, the scenery is beautiful, and it might be better at max level, but I am personally bored of this type of games, no thought nor skill is required to play."
76561198064842587,Not Recommended,582660,34191610,Posted: 12 August,all,Acm617,"Spent roughly 3 days downloading this♥♥♥♥♥♥ finally finished today and i cant even register, been trying for an hour. Waste of $10. deleted"
,Recommended,582660,31941519,Posted: 24 May,all,Creamy Placenta,Some nice bouncing racks in this one.
,Not Recommended,582660,32063060,Posted: 30 May,all,✪ ST!X,''connection to the server has been lost''
76561198007947984,Not Recommended,582660,32056117,Posted: 29 May,all,Varivox,"Do you want to experience every fantasy MMO ever with very little to distinguish itself from the competition? Yes? Then Black Desert Online is right up your alley!Do you want something different with a unique feeling world and unique gameplay? Yes? Then avoid this at all costs...BDO is alright, but it offers very little ""new"" to the genre to help distinguish itself from other MMO's.Good:Combo system is interesting. Not ""good"" per se, but ""interesting"". Kinda odd I put it in the good column huh?Character creator: This has a ton of different options, you can select individual body parts to lengthen, widen, etc. You can do pretty much everything you want (within reason).Bad:Class customization. Want to play a wizard? Great, you'll be just like every other wizard ever! Warrior? Great, you are now Warrior #2003023403820482! Congratulations, you're now the 12 billionth iteration of the same exact character!World: As I mentioned at the start, this game feels like every fantasy MMO before.Menuegeddon: Menu menu menu and they all convey no information while overwhelming you with nothing. Not even that, they don't even look good, like they came from the early 90's.Overall, a pretty ""meh"" game. I see no reason you couldn't just go play any of the other more streamlined MMO's available. The combo system is the only real innovation, yet I never felt it added enough to justify the time investment. MMO's, good ones, can take years of your time, and I just can't, for the life of me, see how this game is worth that investment."
,Not Recommended,582660,33139043,Posted: 2 July,all,0veR,It looks like free2play version of game. Its not woth of money. Optimization is terrible and graphics are not that great. There is many things in game that requires you real money like to buy a pet you need real money.
76561198058604553,Not Recommended,582660,32523757,Posted: 17 June,all,Spudgunner,just go play tera
76561198090444266,Not Recommended,582660,32096483,Posted: 31 May,all,Mr.OldSpiceGuy,Keep getting an error 10... must be an issue on steams client side. at this point its literally unplayable so 3 thumbs down. :(
76561198019698397,Not Recommended,582660,32278471,Posted: 8 June,all,Drahjik,Horrible FPS drops on a good system. Almost immediately requested a refund.
,Not Recommended,582660,32045651,Posted: 29 May,all,BusinessVulture,"Very repetitive and boring I know this because it was still boring even after playing with friends, which everyone knows if a game is boring with friends, then it's really boring. Badaboom eat my♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,582660,32110741,Posted: 1 June,all,NES Death Angel,in 30 days you will be forced onto the open PVP servers where. (NO Pve servers after 30 days and level 50)-You will be killed your horses will be killed constantly by higer geard and higer level players.-your options will be sit inside town(safe zone) and do fishing or try and move outside and hope to god no one see's you.the game is amazing and beautiful the proffesion system is immense but after 30 days you can forget about it.elitist♥♥♥♥♥♥♥are gona camp the farming nodes and keep hunting you down and steal all your hard work.This is not advertised anywhere. THIS GAME IS PVP Only the first 30 days are an ilusion.when you hit level 50 pvp activates and anyone can kill you at any time.you can stay at level 49 to avoid getting into pvp but your professions will stay not level past 49 either.You have bin warned
76561198032533274,Not Recommended,582660,32684731,Posted: 23 June,all,Murdash,"""Recommended system requirements to play Black Desert Online:64 bit Windows 7 or 8Intel Core i5-650 3.2GHz8gb RAMGTX 670 / Radeon HD 7970 / R9 280X1920x1080 Resolution45GB of Free Hard Drive Space""The above configuration gives you about 30-40 fps on full low, so if you want to play this game on a pc that doesn't cost a fortune then I have some bad news.."
,Not Recommended,582660,34055948,Posted: 6 August,all,Ner,"There's a gender lock on classes, which, I thought wouldn't be so bad, as I heard there was a gender counterpart for every class. But there simply isn't for the warrior class. Don't want to run around in extremely skimpy outfits? Do you like actual armor? Then you're out of luck."
,Not Recommended,582660,34946349,Posted: 14 September,all,Underage Boate,.
76561198263870054,Not Recommended,582660,33455882,Posted: 11 July,all,Tobiasejgil,After the charatcter creation it gets pretty boring.And good luck finding a name...
76561197995479924,Not Recommended,582660,32013689,Posted: 28 May,all,DarkDragon,"I tried to play this game but cant even click on anything on the menu, eveything was fine when i was messing around with the settings menu but after that it wont let me click on anything, I can only press enter to try to name my character but if the name has already been taken I cant do anything else and I have no other choice but to restart the game. Too bad."
,Not Recommended,582660,31986525,Posted: 26 May,all,Wuzzleteets,If you're like me and like to look different as you progress through the game just ignore this game. Average 'costume' set is around 30 bucks USD.Otherwise you just stand around in noob gear at max level. ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.
,Not Recommended,582660,33289474,Posted: 5 July,all,Dark Messiah,every week 1GB update .......
76561198283948388,Not Recommended,582660,33353029,Posted: 7 July,all,VVW.Spennywise,"This game is generic, boring, and very frusterating at times. The game doesn't add anything new to the mmo formula and when traveling across the map to get to a new location it can take a long time.     I don't know if they have added fast travel in any new updates but the develepers really need to add it to this game. On the bright side this game has a large colorful map with many different locations to explore and if you don't mind grinding you could lose hours of your life to this game. If you don't like grinding then you aren't going to make any progress in the game and i really can't stand grinding so i found the game boring. I wouldn't say that I hate this game and that nobody should get it but I can't say that i would recomend it either."
76561198013307137,Not Recommended,582660,32666663,Posted: 22 June,all,Hakenkreuz,"New patch and all of a sudden I get constant hanging on the initial loading screen. Uninstall, wish I could refund."
76561197987811971,Not Recommended,582660,33162373,Posted: 2 July,all,I3loodypimp,"started with a link a friend gave me and purchased the game through steam... cannot get the CD-key to redeem what I've bough from steam to my existing account & have to create a new one. No thank you.This is the dumbest system I've ever seen on a pay to play MMO...As for the game itselft, the game play if action based with a lots of smart targeting to make it casual friendly but no dungeon, or PVP in my first 25 level (out of 60 I think)... Main quest storyline ok if you compare it to the price they request for the base game."
,Recommended,582660,35257468,Posted: 28 September,all,SfcMais,One of the most stunning MMORPG i have played!!
,Not Recommended,582660,32010059,Posted: 27 May,all,2SPOOPY4U,If you live on the east coast then have fun playing with constant 110 ping.
,Not Recommended,582660,32011005,Posted: 27 May,all,Vannex,"Appealing visuals, if you like to smash buttons this game is for you.Other than that, there is nothig else interesting about this game except to buy lingerie for your girl character.Same mechanics as any other MMORPG, nothing new about this game."
76561198105239703,Recommended,582660,35270810,Posted: 28 September,all,knife2meetu1231,one of the best games ever.
,Not Recommended,582660,35112908,Posted: 21 September,all,Joely,Loading in this game is horrid. I have a slightly under reccomended specification computer. Animations for running don't show and I hover or when I attack the game freezes. Barely playable for me. Wouldn't recommend this game.
76561198012040298,Not Recommended,582660,33252857,Posted: 4 July,all,Muertissimo,"Keyboard combos, cutesy stuff, meh graphics, and grind. Blech."
,Recommended,582660,35267312,Posted: 28 September,all,swink,owh nowh... u_u
76561198174478077,Not Recommended,582660,32757917,Posted: 24 June,all,Forlorn,"Graphics are garbage, optimization is garbage. If you can look past that go ahead and buy it."
76561198064614199,Not Recommended,582660,31986093,Posted: 26 May,all,The_Joy,"""The file is corrupted. If persists, please run file-recovery from launcher."" every time while trying to load into any server, already tried the fixes online."
76561198104920591,Not Recommended,582660,32247715,Posted: 7 June,all,DAS SCHWEIZER,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ACTAULLY DONT WANNA SHOOT YOURSELF IN THE FOOTthis game is PURE P2w and P2P  EVEN after u buy this game  forcing you to pay irl cash to buy inventory spots what should be basic (these are mothly payments)   along side there cancerous north korean  market fees without the pack its 65% or more  with the value pack its still 35% fees out the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥so it basically restricts u from  buying stuff and  breaking them down for stuff or buying resources to manufactor so lets say u got an item that sells for 1.6millionish  u get 1.09mill after fees WITH the value pack   and back to the game itself   its grindy and repetitive as ♥♥♥♥ you do same spamming keys just in different spots till lvl 50 or so then your done (takes like 20-30hours to get lvl 50)   over all i regret buying this game just due to there north korean market fees
,Not Recommended,582660,32215415,Posted: 6 June,all,The Berg,It ♥♥♥♥s your pc with its anti cheat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but beyond that it also has pay 2 win mechanics in a pay 2 play game. Just play Guild Wars 2
76561197962895876,Not Recommended,582660,31971823,Posted: 26 May,all,Pipi,"fantastic graphics, gameplay feels good.  Unfortuntally lag is unbearable, lag spike hitting something for 10 secs, pause wait 5 secs for mob to die, press collect all, wait another 5 secs foe the mob to die.  Takes about 1 minute for the game to load which is acceptable if you didnt have to keep loading the game.  unplayable for me due to constant lag."
,Not Recommended,582660,33554208,Posted: 15 July,all,Squackety,"I would of liked this game, but the combat just dosen't feel satsifying to me."
,Not Recommended,582660,33214546,Posted: 3 July,all,Spencer,"Ok i got this game today with high hopes, but i was let down. To be honest this game is not that bad(for a hack and slash). But, it is BARELY an mmo. If anything its a hack and slash. Also theres way too much stuff going on, messy ui, and terrible graphics. Even when i ran this with all max settings everything was still pixely. So all in all if you're looking for a solid mmo do not buy this. But if you like hack and slash games then maybe this is the thing for you."
,Not Recommended,582660,32007291,Posted: 27 May,all,Rakel,"Crashes on load, has some unhelpful malware-esque message telling me to close everything but this game"
76561198058663335,Not Recommended,582660,32634309,Posted: 21 June,all,Free Flyin',♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198140585966,Not Recommended,582660,33959421,Posted: 1 August,all,Banbear,Had horse. lost my horse in the ocean. never saw it again. this game is trash.
76561197982501521,Not Recommended,582660,32736588,Posted: 24 June,all,Hoojoe,"This game looks great, but that is about it. It's garbage."
,Not Recommended,582660,35278468,Posted: 28 September,all,☭I am a fucking idiot☭,meh
76561198197138725,Not Recommended,582660,32025996,Posted: 28 May,all,cornbin123,"Not great, and if you try to change the display in-game, you might not be able to play it anymore like me."
,Not Recommended,582660,32027869,Posted: 28 May,all,Furdmonster,"1) Extremely grindy and automated. Playing the game felt more like a chore than an experience. Be given quest, follow clearly dilineated path requiring no thought of my own, turn in quest, be automatically given another vapidly designed quest, repeat.2) Confusing node system. Trying to figure this out was a process of find node manager, try node, be told previous node needs found first, find previous node, be given same message, click previous node link, be given same node I just left that led me to this one.3) Random disconnects. This happened to me at least a dozen times. Look at the top of this message to compare that to amount of time played. Sound like this is acceptable?4) Random crashes. 3 times. Again look to above time frame for inference of the frequency of these crashes."
76561198376616557,Not Recommended,582660,32066006,Posted: 30 May,all,TheB2Brawler,"I spent an entire day downloading this garbage just to set up my email with them and then not be able to play the game because it says my email ""already exists"". There is no solution on Steam or anywhere for this issue so you buy an unplayable game. DO NOT BUY IT."
76561198338826797,Not Recommended,582660,32219238,Posted: 6 June,all,n.cavada,Just no.
,Not Recommended,582660,32282003,Posted: 8 June,all,Sunnylilfox,Great game if you're willing to PAY to play. Once you log off for a few days you come back to being over weight and can't do anything unless you spend at least $10 and up for a weight voucher. So in order to do anything in this game past level 20 you must pop open your wallet and spend money. It's great if you have it but if you really want a game you don't have to spend money on I wouldn't recommend it for you. Otherwise gameplay is great and the game is really fun just was expecting to get a game I wouldn't have to spend even more money on. Oh theres also no way to report bugs in game. :(
,Not Recommended,582660,32609395,Posted: 20 June,all,☭☭Tyhair☭☭,Purge all weebs. 10/10
76561198016112366,Not Recommended,582660,33575001,Posted: 15 July,all,Tall Oscar,Is trash.
76561198079669811,Not Recommended,582660,34215196,Posted: 13 August,all,rugby8724,"This game is great in a sense that there is so much to do. However, the problem with this game is there is so much to do. Not only is there combat, but also life skills (cooking, fishing, farming, etc). If you're easily addicted to games I would say avoid playing BDO. I found myself spending just about all my free time playing BDO...not a healthy way of living. It is a great game, but I deleted it."
76561198073243519,Not Recommended,582660,33923809,Posted: 31 July,all,-=Terry East=-,trading sim 2017
76561198122048881,Not Recommended,582660,32412067,Posted: 14 June,all,demonebraithwaite,Can't change servers......
76561198271331681,Not Recommended,582660,32122948,Posted: 1 June,all,F*KingHARD!,Dragon nest v2 but this it's more p2w. Waste of money.
76561198085575539,Not Recommended,582660,32090234,Posted: 31 May,all,jorge677,by the steam i can't going into the game i having problem it tell me i already register but doesn't give the option to loging
76561198074457235,Not Recommended,582660,32548007,Posted: 18 June,all,Walter White,trash
,Not Recommended,582660,33207387,Posted: 3 July,all,Waxierbutton0,"i wouldve probably recomended it if i could go into it longer then 5 minutes but i cant because something i cant turn off is ""suspicious"" and i cant delete it or turn it off"
76561197995654305,Not Recommended,582660,32119982,Posted: 1 June,all,PAYASO FIESTA,"After an hour of figuring out how to coax this game into launching, and then three hours of ""run here, talk to this person; then run here, talk to this person; then go kill 10 goblins who won't even damage you once,"" I can safely say this game was one of the most boring experiences of my life. I only recommend this game to weebs looking for internet waifus or people who  would rather mindlessly repeat tasks then do literally anything else. In other words, I recommend this game to any WoW players."
,Not Recommended,582660,34333389,Posted: 18 August,all,mattix,♥♥♥♥♥game 0/10
76561198377534013,Not Recommended,582660,32137881,Posted: 2 June,all,biggbaddwulf,"waste of money, time, and patience. wish i could get that $10/2 hours back!!!"
,Not Recommended,582660,33535128,Posted: 14 July,all,Desirinn,"Pay to win garbage with solid graphics and nice pet/mount system, if it wasnt for greedy developers this game could have been something though."
,Not Recommended,582660,32046473,Posted: 29 May,all,Yawa,Game looks great and could be fun to play but the westernization did its thing - English VO is just plain awful.
76561197993670834,Not Recommended,582660,32054378,Posted: 29 May,all,Zeph Grey,"Wow.  Looks and plays like a 10 year old game.  Combat is boring, and I've never seen any game enforce gender so harshly.The ""legendary"" character customization is a joke!  Men can't use bows? Magic users are almost exclusively women?  All men are rugged and muscular? All women look like children!?  People even SLIGHTLY overweight simply don't exist!?  Not what I hoped for or expected at all.  Waste of time and money.Go play Guild Wars 2. Better on every level, especially combat.  This game is a complete bore, and the quests are annoying at best.  Whatever that little black thing is needs to go away forever."
,Recommended,582660,31946254,Posted: 24 May,all,一番キツネ,STOP CREATING NEGATIVE REVIEWS IF U ARE 2 STUPID TO CREATE AN ACCOUNT! JUST TRY ANOTHER EMAIL OR SEND IT AGAIN q_q
,Not Recommended,582660,33619579,Posted: 17 July,all,Riot Police,"I summoned a large monster after 50 or so minutes of one-hit gameplay, he looked like a challenge.He was not, He couldn't deal more damage than my health regeneration.He did damage to my speed in quitting this game though because every time he hit me my progress in quitting was reset.I can't die and I can't quit.I'm stuck here writing to who I can from the Black Desert."
,Not Recommended,582660,34390856,Posted: 21 August,all,Plague Ward,"I bought this game and immediately refunded it just to leave this here.This game is ♥♥♥♥ing up my steam store page, top 3 in best sellers, top 3 in best ratings, top 3 in more than 5 tags that have basically nothing to do with this game. It's not even subtle that there's something shady going on with this game's marketing & advitising.Other than that, out of the 1 hour I played this game, first impressions are:-control could be more responsive-the game is pretty cliche for a KR MMORPG, and it's average at best at that.Didn't get too much into the game so I'll preserve my judgement.Again, ♥♥♥♥ this game for screwing up my store page."
76561198205927068,Not Recommended,582660,32102045,Posted: 1 June,all,T-rex Gamimg,It was hard to understand
,Recommended,582660,32523656,Posted: 17 June,all,some ƒucc shit,dabxd YEET dab / 10
76561198200353705,Not Recommended,582660,32032611,Posted: 28 May,all,Zavok,"Couldn't even get past character creation before some weird error popped up and kept closing the game which is funny cause I had a non-steam related ""live"" account to try it for 7 days for free and that version worked fine.  I could have wasted my time to try to self fix this but i believe we are all now live in a time and place where these kinds of bugs should have been hammered out. Not worth the effort for yet another flashy awkward looking weak story mmo.While I got to play a little off the live account not related to steam i still found a lack of connection between the char and the environment but they do a good job at hiding it with screen shacking flashy effects. The Combat was fun tho made me feel like strong and powerful badazz but I can see a repetition in it which over time could make it boring.I do however want to give STEAM 2 big fat thumbs up, full refund within a few hours of a submitted ticket."
76561198421457168,Not Recommended,582660,35192443,Posted: 24 September,all,stormy,Terrible graphics and it gets boring.I wouldnt recomend this to any friend.
,Not Recommended,582660,32169816,Posted: 4 June,all,[§ICT] BeeBopBrand [Love],"Waste of money not my kind of game, did not enjoy. Looking forward to a refund."
76561198056825499,Recommended,582660,31943117,Posted: 24 May,all,Sand,;)
,Not Recommended,582660,32685874,Posted: 23 June,all,please be gentle,"I don't understand this game at all. Eve online was even easier to pick up than this one...It has a lot of unlogical mechanics (you need a pod to trade ??? what ?) and even when you get the logic behind the mechanics, you don't know how to use them (how do you get a pod ?...) I'm 4 hours in the game and I already need a tutorial just to trade.This game is complicated to understand not because it's deep, it's just badly made and explained. It's not even funny to learn it"
,Not Recommended,582660,32011873,Posted: 27 May,all,-GunneR- {loves eating pussy},File was too big and tutorial was not fun/descriptive enough. Just a little on the confusing side. As well as the graphics were not as good as I thought they'd be.
76561197970301795,Not Recommended,582660,32123316,Posted: 2 June,all,hurraylifesucks,"This game is just.....it has no soul. It's beautiful, the characters look amazing, and definitely one of the best combat systems I've seen in an mmorpg. Those are the positives of the game. Well it's also real cheap right now on Steam although I've spent a deal of time playing the game outside of Steam before it released.This is literally just a power level grind fest to minmax a character for pvp. There's no end game pve content. If you're into min max pvp grindfests, this game is for you. Or I guess if you get a kick out of afk farming *insert skill here*. The UI is cluttered with just nonsense. It's not like in past MMO's where  you'll have 10 hotbars on the screen at once cluttered, it's just a bunch of plain text spewed across the screen. There is no challenge in the game, you'll stomp every boss from level 1 up and hit max level within a couple days of CASUAL play. If you somehow get hooked like past games and play for many hours on end, you can literally hit max level within 24 hours.I wanted to like the game because it looks great and the combat is so much better than generic lock on and cast hotbar abilities seen in every game ever. But from the moment you start the game you know you're just grinding. I felt there was no point in even progressing in the game as I've no interest in just another pvp minmaxer game where everybody is the same at the end game levels. Yet progress I did and I was as disappointed as the first levels suggested I would be."
,Not Recommended,582660,34069909,Posted: 6 August,all,L.,no
,Not Recommended,582660,33591101,Posted: 16 July,all,Pew Pew You're Dead,"Not sure what I was expecting from some Asian MMO, but here's what I got:Terrible UI/ControlsThe controls and UI for this game are terrible, you'll spend more time trying to figure it out than actually playingBoring gameplayHow to win any fight in this game:Step 1 hold m1...Congratulations! You have defeated the enemy! It took 3 hits and they didn't even fight back!No challenge whatsoeverYou pay for the game and then first thing you see is the real money store.Gender locked classes means every adventurer running around is a 12 year old anime girl with huge♥♥♥♥♥♥I'll probably play more and see if it gets better, but at time of writing it's a definate 4/10"
,Not Recommended,582660,33619330,Posted: 17 July,all,Shaggy,runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Refunded
76561198319366275,Not Recommended,582660,32019047,Posted: 28 May,all,fafa-Mark,"every time i start the game it always shows up this ""black desert online launcher for steam has stopped working""i redownload it twice and it still the same please fix the game,"
,Recommended,582660,34353465,Posted: 19 August,all,ραιи ☹,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198124073546,Not Recommended,582660,35372750,Posted: 1 October,all,James.50cal,Korean
76561198041684888,Not Recommended,582660,33468490,Posted: 11 July,all,IFS_Hectox13,Bad Game!!
76561198052489746,Not Recommended,582660,33344537,Posted: 7 July,all,vvknok,Freezes every time after character creation - same bad game as on release. Refund
,Recommended,582660,35269884,Posted: 28 September,all,Spooky,One of the best MMOs I've ever played
,Not Recommended,582660,33481039,Posted: 12 July,all,Loxcore,"This game is just too weird.Do yourself a favour, play WoW or literally ANYTHING else."
,Not Recommended,582660,35275533,Posted: 28 September,all,Wolfdoggie,I can't make a male Dark Knight named Batman.
,Not Recommended,582660,32060254,Posted: 30 May,all,clout,I have played this game until my eyes bleed every day since I bought it and am going to keep going until my eyes die
76561197962143904,Not Recommended,582660,32069732,Posted: 30 May,all,Ikatsu,If you're looking to play this with the steam controller do not buy it. It doesn't work.
76561198139927105,Recommended,582660,31941751,Posted: 24 May,all,finna grind to the top lol.,game
,Recommended,582660,35366502,Posted: 30 September,all,CooperEdits,Just amazing.2 be honest i don't care about your opinions
,Not Recommended,582660,32073474,Posted: 30 May,all,Funnyboy,"well this is a bit of a shocker, but this won't be killing WoW even when WoW is almost dead. the character creation is neat I guess but its far more restrictive then it looks, all male characters look the same and all female characters are mildly terrifying. the game looks good from afar, but the animations and textures are honestly awful. This games advertisement is about living and settling in the ""ultimate fantasy world"" in reality everywere looks the same, the enemies are boring. and finally the coup de grace: Gender locked classes and no Races. want to be a male black knight? nope, you have to play as a female one. male ranger? nope. Female Warrior? nope. the gameis super linear and restrictive and honestly the combat isn't that good compared to other modern MMO's. the black spirit is obnoxious and sometimes gives you quests while other times you have to trek the world to find them. to see an enemiees health you have to kill them first. the jiggle physics are unnecessary and look like trash from an early ps2 game. but what I honestly hate the most about the game is the outfit system. equipping armor does not change your visual appearance, it might add like an iron plate at most, but to change your appearance you have to buy an outfit or costume, which will inevitibly bug the games frail polio stricken lighting system. the keybinding is wierd as it binds some things to combos of keys and others to just numbers and doesn't explain why. and the best part is..... its translated poorly and the voice acting sounds like it was recorded by three people in a basement with a blue yeti. TLDR don't buy, the ads lied, play if you want to spend 9 dollars on the ability to strip down to your surprisingly modern underwear and be made fun of by the unending stream of trolls in the rp chat talking about beastiality, chuck norris, traps and alienware."
,Not Recommended,582660,32009902,Posted: 27 May,all,draggonicgamer,i couldnt even make an account it crashed so much....
,Not Recommended,582660,32786077,Posted: 25 June,all,Reca,"Install, play for an hour, uninstall. believe me run away from this game."
76561198094303710,Not Recommended,582660,32016275,Posted: 28 May,all,damati001,"Very bad, annoying graphic rendering"
,Not Recommended,582660,32021649,Posted: 28 May,all,Moorsey,My review is simple and sort.I got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off trying to find things on minimap and in gameI got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off trying the get rid of that stupid black spirt helper tutorial who blocks a good chuck of your screen most of the gameplayI got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off trying to stop all chat spams of everything more than any MMO would ever have.I got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off seeing 1000+ notifcations right in the centre of the screen and wont stop even if turned off (bug? dont know dont care)I got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off trying to look which way quests are telling you to goI got so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off running away from quest givers (thinking i accepted them) finding out miles away i never accepted iteverything else the game offers is fine is prefect in my eyes but all this build of small problems made me loose my mind and give up. the UI is just so overwhelming and silly in some cases to use.
76561198008054316,Not Recommended,582660,33726975,Posted: 22 July,all,Spooky Boogie,guess who refunded it in the first hour of playing?
,Not Recommended,582660,31995964,Posted: 27 May,all,ololcunt,add australian or oceana servers!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,582660,33191654,Posted: 3 July,all,awake,1min und 20 sek wartezeit! unverschämt!
76561198108853516,Not Recommended,582660,33419445,Posted: 9 July,all,420803282,this game sucks
,Not Recommended,582660,32010511,Posted: 27 May,all,Ang3lic _Shad0w,"nope, didn't work at all, so asked for refund. (don't see the time, that was ALL LOADING, never in game play)"
,Not Recommended,582660,32032075,Posted: 28 May,all,Hols,"I spent 2.1 hours on this game. I got a refund of the 5,99 euro I spent on it while it had a 40% sale. Now if I could get a refund of my time too that'd be great.Yes, 2.1 hours might be far from what an MMO needs in order to show of the best of it, but I just could not handle the over the top artstyle, the same combat system I have seen in almost every asian mmo I have played so far, the very annoying tutorial at the start that treats me like I am an idiot.The game pulls the extreme stripper armor for women like every mmorpg does now (mainly asian mmos!). Sure it might be nice to look at a ""sexy"" woman but it has gotten kinda overused by now. It is kind of like this: Constantly get something (or in this case, show cleavage and ""sexy"" animations) until you become used to it and it loses it's effect, or rarely show something and appreciate it much more.Combat animations looks more like some typical anime fight where the characters make 3 billion flips until they hit their opponent rather than an actual decent fight where ""player A swings sword, sword hits player B"" instead of ""Player A swings sword, then does 9 backflips while talking about their past as player B dodges all of player A's attacks at mach 9001 speed"".I like the aesthetics, the spawn area actually looks somewhat like an actual place on earth (besides the fantasy stuff).I like the very open character customization (Aside from the class-gender lock and the fact that you could make yourself a giant but head could not be resized, resulting in a giant with a tiny head).I like the controls, they are VERY smooth. I especially love the camera controls and the sprint mechanic.I ran this on a GTX 970, Intel Core i5 CPU 650 3.20 GHz with 8 RAM. My computer can generally handle most heavy games with no problem. I have run GTA V with almost max graphics with no apparent frame drops. This game make me drop to 30 FPS on medium settings in a low population area. Everything renders very oddly ingame, especially the grass as it kept flickering and disappearing when I was 5 meters away from it. I tried to lower resolution down to the lowest possible but it kept flickering, I don't know what the problem was with Black Desert Online, but it felt very disorienting.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Generally I feel like Black Desert Online is an arcade MMO due to the easy mode treatment, fancy cosplay (and skimpy) clothing and the over the top combat animations. It has some problems with graphics as it made my head spin.I might be wrong due to me playing for such a short time but early impressions needs to be good, right? Had the game shown a lot more dignity and had treated me like I am older than 9 years old, I might have spent 21 hours instead of 2.1 hours as my test run."
,Not Recommended,582660,32027531,Posted: 28 May,all,Trusty,ive never played a more clunky game in my life
,Not Recommended,582660,31945798,Posted: 24 May,all,Dreamlicker,"Before you read this, remind yourself that this ismy opinion, it's my view and my perspective. It's not a definitive thing. It's not the Be All End All review of this game. We all like and prefer different things. Perhaps some of these cons appeal to you. Clearly it appeals to some. But not to me, and this is my review.I say this, because I've gotten several comments to this that were frankly quite toxic and aggressive that I've removed.Pros:-Visually very appealing.-Great character creator, so great I might have a crush on my hot character now.-Some good convenience things like auto-moving to locations or even auto-gathering.Cons:-That same convenience is because this game EMBRACES the grind. It's the epitome of Asian MMO's with tedious, overly complicated systems that stops feeling like a game and more like you're organizing a spreadsheet for your boss.-The story is completely forgettable.-The localization is at parts nonsensical and in parts plain incomprehensible. Lots of things have been lost in translation and the sentances often don't make any sense.-Voice acting is equally terrible and the voice lines often don't correspond to the subtitle text. Such as the voice of an NPC saying ""There's 3 goblin leaders"" but the subtitle read ""There's 3 goblin bosss"". Yes, they added a third S.-Gender-locked classes. Why Asia? WHY?- No race selection- Once more I will tell you, this game is designed around the grind and going AFK. For example, you can auto-fish and then just minimize the game. You can do this for other things too. Going AFK and just playing it like it's some X4 game is what you're gonna be doing. ANd that's boring, very boring.-But probably most annoying of all:HUUUUUGE pop-in issues! This has apparently been in the game since its launch. People and doodads will pop in constantly making the visual experience quite jarring. This is the only MMO that I've played that has had such crazy popping. Hell, it's the only game I've played ever with popping this bad.- Relies heavily on the use of alts for the grind in lots of ways. To maximize your burdgeoning spreadsheet empire you will need alts that do different things. A single character will not be enough for you if you want to do well as you craft and trade.This is EVE Online in a fantasy setting, without the fun player interactions, the gigantic battles worth hundreds of thousands of real money or the cool space ships.Not a recommended purchase unless you like these aspects I've mentioned as cons, for some inexplicable reason. Different strokes, I guess."
,Not Recommended,582660,33050610,Posted: 30 June,all,LushHush,"I am only not liking this because my computer sucks and it makes it frustrating for all the wait I have to do for loading and just to get into a server. I bet a lot of people out there likes this game and has better graphics card than I do so I can't really say a lot. all I have to say is you need to have a really good internet/Graphics Card or whatever. because even if you have the minimum system requirement, all it will lead to is frustration. so buy it wisely. unlike me, I had my friends buying it so I bought it for that reason but since it didnt work out well this is all that I could say on it. so as for the game really is I bet it's good since my friends are playing it but for people with bad internet/laptop/pc/etc. I don't recommend an advance graphic game like this for you."
,Not Recommended,582660,33531196,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,"The desert has normal colored sand, nothing to get excited about."
,Not Recommended,582660,32006134,Posted: 27 May,all,Zero,"just bought this damn game and can't even play it due to its BS software that's supposed to protect against hacking, continuing to crash the game and say ""security alert"" what kind of garbage dump of a company can't even program a game to work properly? FFS even games in alpha work better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I cant even get my first character created! WASTE OF MONEY."
76561198101401429,Not Recommended,582660,32065762,Posted: 30 May,all,Sydby,"I'm sure it has a lot of great content, but spending a week of play I could not get any excitement going. Long loading time and so much unwanted complexity that distracts from exploring and soaking in the view.Pros:1. Experienced none.Cons:1. Quest system is annoying and the thing with the black spirit is just ugly (the voice mainly)2. Controls: Common mistake these games make is having different control settings that always needs to be adjusted.3. Zooming/Gameplay view/UI is all over the map and too much going on that gets one easily distracted.4. NPCs are dull and as with many games shows signs of illogical behaviour.5. No flight. This no doubt is debatable but I like flying around doing nothing but watching the landscape.Overall: There's too much of everything and no vibe."
76561198166105404,Not Recommended,582660,32258755,Posted: 7 June,all,Jimmy,Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.Name is already in use.
76561198018531410,Not Recommended,582660,33902343,Posted: 30 July,all,☪ DragonMoon ☪,Not impressing to me and to complicate and also not a good tutorial and black spirit like from old anime that just nope I am out and bad optimized and quiet boring because of farming that is super hard on begening to have money just a wast of time on from my opinion even metin 2 is less farming than this.P.S: PVP is P V Lag because this is you re wrost enemy.
76561198283685935,Not Recommended,582660,33192351,Posted: 3 July,all,Jake Pauler,"Played the game for one hour and it kept crashing. Whean i got it to work, hopt on to a server and didnt know what to do. Was just running around like a dumbass"
76561198065624834,Not Recommended,582660,32143005,Posted: 2 June,all,da.deed,"Consistent memory leak issues, You won't even be able to play this game at all. Unless you have 32G of system RAM or more, I suggest you find a different game."
76561197998778440,Not Recommended,582660,32028252,Posted: 28 May,all,Jonny_Danger,"Tried to just run the game, but since my resolution is 3840 x 2160, it scales it way down and then makes the settings button un-clickable. The ONLY fix I saw online was to change the settings from the game launcher, but you can't do that with Steam. SOOOOO....REFUNDED.Buyer beware!"
,Not Recommended,582660,34052984,Posted: 5 August,all,gogonipponadventures,https://www.reddit.com/r/blackdesertonline/comments/6scysj/they_dont_care/It is an easy game if you exploit. If you play the game normally though it is going to be a hellish slug. The marketplace is ran by bots.Avoid this game of false promises.
,Not Recommended,582660,33500760,Posted: 13 July,all,G$,"man, what a waste.  I played a total of 30 minutes (gametime) and it seems the stupid nackground xingcode is sapping my computer's bandwidth.  I never had any internet issues until I installed this.  Great game, but possibly bait into turning your computer into a DDOS/Bitcoining zombie."
76561198106850402,Not Recommended,582660,33401304,Posted: 9 July,all,Vanilla Gorilla,played for like 10 minutes got sick of the amount of times i got cut out of the game to a little bjlack shadow and then it starts spamming my screen with people selling stuff no way i would ever recomend someoneplay this game
,Not Recommended,582660,34071515,Posted: 6 August,all,jekyllnhyde666,"this game is, simply put, a budget version of World of Warcraft"
76561198108519934,Not Recommended,582660,35328106,Posted: 30 September,all,Squidley,that sh*t is f*cken trash dog get the f*ck off the airways
76561197997046452,Not Recommended,582660,32030777,Posted: 28 May,all,BitVyper,"There's a lot I want to like about this game, but unfortunately it's one of those MMOs that rushes you to high level super fast with enemies that only take one or two hits to kill, and so are not remotely engaging to play against.  I have all these combos and no cause to use them.  Boring.For an example of how lulzy this is, in an early area, I stood still and allowed a steel imp to attack me without so much as drawing a weapon in response.  I literally regenned faster than he could damage me.  That shouldn't happen; that shouldn't even happen if I'm twice his level.  Enemies who die from a stern look and can't wound you don't serve as gameplay or to teach you anything about how to play your class.  All they do is artificially inflate playtime while you get to the levels that actually matter.To answer a question below; I should be at least threatened enough to defend myself from the bog standard enemies within half an hour of starting the game.  I shouldn't be at level 15 before I even notice where the level counter is.  If the game is giving me powers I don't even realise I have due to them being utterly unnecessary to advance, then... what's the purpose? Why not just start me at whatever level you're going to bring actual gameplay into the picture?"
,Not Recommended,582660,33160140,Posted: 2 July,all,AustinPooeyPowers,odd game not good
76561198040865267,Not Recommended,582660,32631275,Posted: 21 June,all,Coach Heiko,Nah
,Not Recommended,582660,33205695,Posted: 3 July,all,Lorax,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,582660,31986252,Posted: 26 May,all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,Not working done everything desk no help all requiremeants idk what else to do.
76561198154037082,Not Recommended,582660,32030751,Posted: 28 May,all,Fingolfin,If you're about to buy this only because you think the combat looks cool... dont
76561198032073249,Not Recommended,582660,32198519,Posted: 5 June,all,Rankoku,"Friends told me to get it, but the moment i tried to make a character i noticed the gender lock and stopped me from wanting play it, for me this is Tera all over again, no equal classes for male and females.I'll maybe come back to it when all classes are for all genders."
,Not Recommended,582660,32858352,Posted: 27 June,all,LAxNeSS,"Cant link my 7 day trial account, and i wont create a new email adress just for this game. Get your **** together!"
,Not Recommended,582660,32035660,Posted: 28 May,all,Zeldion,"accounts created from methods other than Steam will not be able to play via Steam.,^ Thats stupid as hell but can I atleast use my Email pleaseGame is broken for me as of now beacuse the email i use for gaming is tied up in my non steam account."
76561198011352453,Not Recommended,582660,32058644,Posted: 30 May,all,Vodka Double-Shift,This is a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Half the time it launches to a black screen and just hangs. Also I'm running a ♥♥♥♥ing GTX 1070 and this game is a graphics HOG and just not worth it. 50GB download wasted. ♥♥♥♥ing clown shoes.
76561198044541695,Recommended,582660,35361357,Posted: 30 September,all,⋆★BlueStar★⋆,SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN SPOT TAKEN
,Not Recommended,582660,32120139,Posted: 1 June,all,Twitch.tv/gamerspectrum,misleading graphics in the video etccc i am not impressed enough to spend time..
,Not Recommended,582660,35344280,Posted: 30 September,all,Ruko,"This is the first time I have ever refunded a game on Steam.I've never been so infuriated by a character creation screen in my life, the gender locked classes were beyond insulting. If you're okay with males doing all the punching and females doing all the healing then go for it, but for me who acctualy enjoys using bows and summoning pets, apparently that makes me female when I have no desire to play as a female. Unlock the classes to all genders and I'll probably come back, but not till then."
76561198063731486,Not Recommended,582660,32054529,Posted: 29 May,all,GunsMan,"Ok first off, this may say i have 0 hours but i assure you. I have played this for over 200+ hours. Now to get to the point this game hoOHHO this game touched me. NOT IN THE GOOD WAY IT LEGIT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ME it stole 200 hours of my life this games economy is horrible i am a bussiness management student and have been an economics teacher for 12 years this game gets a 0/17 on my scale like wow someone random guy mails me something worth 50 million the second i get into game HO wow that ridiuloso and this guy Celba was the worst mother ♥♥♥♥er i have ever met in my god damn life he is a ♥♥♥♥ing monster for the past 3 years ive played this game he has constantly tried to♥♥♥♥♥♥me in every form of the word he has stalked me and attempted to lick me threw the head set. How you may ask? i have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue. anyways this man if you find him kill him. at all cost murder this man, track him down, hunt him, whatever you need to do this man does not deserve to walk black sands (p.s. the sand isn't actually black wtf?). AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE ANIME in the chat there was people roleplaying♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a 7 year old koren or japense girl i dont know what they look the same and one of those people♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥them was Celba, when i told them to stop they said ""nonono is only gem"" and continued typing their rapy rapy touchy touchy molassess tentacle slime stuff, now this game is really just a copy of minecraft you see you can walk, left click, look at the sky I MEAN THE EVIDENCE IS THERE THIS IS JUST A MINECRAFT CLONE YOU SHEEPLE WAKE UP THERE IS LITERALLY 100% IN THE GRANNY FLAPPY PUDDIN. now to close this review i would like to say that this guy named Samurai_Jack2 was a great help he gave me free stuff, he helped me get threw the game HO he was great he even called the Celba guy a fat ♥♥♥♥ing tard, that was great. Now I would like to say subscribe to The Tub Nuts on youtube and twitter and twitch we make quality content and assure you, you will not make a misteak <- in subinn........so yeah 4/10 wood fap agin"
,Not Recommended,582660,32735605,Posted: 24 June,all,_ArcanGelB,i cant even join to a server. Idk why tho.
76561198103100681,Not Recommended,582660,31984413,Posted: 26 May,all,Seven,"Laggy, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, typical MMO.  The black thing that guides  you is the most creepy and annoying thing in the existence of gaming."
76561198001637291,Not Recommended,582660,32012983,Posted: 27 May,all,iconduck,"I have no earthly idea why Black Desert Online is so popular.  At first glance, it seems like it should have everything.  Dynamic combat, lots of classes, something other to do than murder...and yet everything seems to fall flat.  The combat feels like something out of Dynasty Warriors.  I click buttons and lots of generic fantasy baddies die, but I can't for the life of me tell the difference between all these skills I'm supposedly using.As for the number of classes, BDO artificially doubles the number of classes by having different classes for each gender, except for some archtypes that are only available to one gender.  Want to play a magical giant sword wielding badass but don't want to feel like a creep because you're a guy and would rather play a male character?  TOO BAD!As for the non-murder bits...I can't see the point.Finally, it's worth noting that the graphics are absolute trash.  On a fairly high end system (i7, gtx980), any object that's not right in your face gets garbage low rez textures, and once you get close enough you get about 5 seconds of pop-in while the high rez textures load.  I'm sure there's a way to fix this, but I spent 30 minutes and gave up."
,Not Recommended,582660,35302412,Posted: 29 September,all,ouij,I can't play it because every character name is already taken.  Brilliant.
76561198272059973,Not Recommended,582660,32071453,Posted: 30 May,all,cozyemporor101,this game wont even let me PLAY WHAT The HELL
,Not Recommended,582660,32030394,Posted: 28 May,all,Murderous Llama,"Sadly I can't say I enjoyed this game. Far far FAR too much creepy modeling for the charaters. Gotta love how they tote the ultimate customization of characters, yet classes are gender locked, so I hope you dont mind playing a 12 yr old asian girl stereotype if you want to play a tamer for instance. You can be a multitude of different looking 12 yr old asian girl, but you cant NOT be that. Then there's the unskippable tutorial. What happened to exploring and discovery on your own? I'm returning this game and getting a refund asap."
76561198105531357,Not Recommended,582660,32053260,Posted: 29 May,all,Lordlucifer,Could be a ok game but could not get anything to respawnfor the starting area so bad game.
,Not Recommended,582660,32244997,Posted: 7 June,all,Anori,Horrible.
76561198054194734,Not Recommended,582660,33504916,Posted: 13 July,all,EternalOptimist,Great game if you like waiting 15 minutes for it to load then watching the disconnection screen.Terrible game if you want to have any fun.
76561198049304875,Not Recommended,582660,31978631,Posted: 26 May,all,Anal Annihilation,"26/5/2017My opinions might become out of date as the game is always getting new updates.I hardly got a full taste since an MMO can't be fairly reviewed in 2 hours*.+Combat is original/deep+Lovely graphics-English voice acting is awful-UI is ugly and all over the placeI'd love to play more, but I'm refunding until the negatives are fixed or changed.*30 minutes of ""gameplay"" was waiting to connect since the servers were swamped with the STEAM launch"
,Not Recommended,582660,32728876,Posted: 24 June,all,Fatal_Cyde,no
,Not Recommended,582660,32035418,Posted: 28 May,all,Riddles In Silence,"I am an MMORPG veteran. I have played literally hundreds of them over the last 10 years, so I can tell within only a few hours if an MMORPG has my interest or not.Other MMORPGs currently in my roster (in order of quality, high to low):GW2ESOTERASWTORTroveSkyForgeThis game tries to do absolutely everything humanly possible while still managing to do none of it well. It's overly complicated, but not in a fun high skill curve sort of way, but more in a, ""the developers literally aren't capable of saying no to an idea"" kind of way. The combat isn't good. The commerce and crafting are a nightmare that are about as much fun as paying bills in real life. The UI is painful, even in Korean MMO standards. What little originality this game has it hides behind a giant wall of BS that makes the original aspects completely not enjoyable. Oh and also, if anyone tells you that it is possible to play this game like a sandbox RPG, please slap them. It's not. This is yet another Korean MMO that's designed explicitly to take over your entire life and if you give it anything less, you can't do anything. In short, this game has nothing to offer the market and will go on the pile of other useless Korean MMORPGs that don't desever your time. No offense, Korea, but get your sh*t together and stop cranking a new one of these out every 3 months."
76561198356690937,Not Recommended,582660,32001793,Posted: 27 May,all,Ｓｈｅｋｅｌ Ｂｏｉ,"it took 4 hours to install this game, when it finally finished installing it wouldn't launch. After that I spent a couple hours looking at guides to fix this, none of them at all worked, I then decided to reinstall everything again, still no luck. I would recommend this game but I've now spent 8 hours just by reinstalling it. ♥♥♥♥ this game, and also ♥♥♥♥ all the other people that have this game and have it working for them."
76561198352015355,Not Recommended,582660,34169448,Posted: 11 August,all,TheWombledAsomble,trash
,Not Recommended,582660,32031913,Posted: 28 May,all,☠ Jasa,"Not worth the money.Game doesn't start. Support just says ""restart steam"" or ""restart your pc"" (doesn't change anything , but hey, if you dont have a idea how to fix it, just look if your cables are in your pc....)On a other PC it starts. Worst performance i have ever seen. Other games with comparable graphic and stuff are ways better optimized and don't need a supercomputer to be played.Interface is crap and filled with uninteresting stuff. Tutorials are useless. Story, well, is there anything like this? I dont know. I don't get it where there should be a storyline...Over all: really bad game. Maybe combat is the only good part of it. I dont even give a point for graphics if you think about what hardware you need to get this graphics...."
,Not Recommended,582660,31994601,Posted: 27 May,all,MTLVMPR,Just another MMO
76561198173875239,Not Recommended,582660,32028272,Posted: 28 May,all,Millhouse Manastorm,"This game is cool, however you cannot play with a motherfather GT graphics card.Why?This game's optimizing in NVIDIA is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it. My I7 with GTX 980 and 16GB DDR4 has 20♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rps in this game.Download this game and enjoy some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ experience on lagging. CONGRATULATION"
76561198043655161,Not Recommended,582660,31995430,Posted: 27 May,all,ThrobbinHood,The rules for names are lame. I really can't use a letter 3 times??? I can't use my favorite names Will Madikfit or Throbbin Hood?? and every name has to be original so every name is taken. Character customization is what makes these games fun. You guys should make it so no 2 characters can have the same face.
,Not Recommended,582660,31965105,Posted: 25 May,all,Alkaline Water,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ING GAME i walked into one city and it said i enterd a enemy zone and then my game frezzes. i then tabbed out of the game and there was a big black sqaure on my desktop blocking my only way of closing the game. i tried to ALT+F4 i tried task manager i tried CTRL+ALT+DEL nothing worked. i was forced to restart my pc. at first i thought well maybe the game has some optimized issues right? HELL ♥♥♥♥ING NO i loaded back my pc and what do u know it made me a new version of windows 10 and it had me chose which one i wanted it was Either windows 10 (which was the setup my pc made) and then some edgy HceemYQ3e (black desert online made this setup) i chose windows 10 and i was logging in and my windows profile pic was gone. then when i got into my desktop my AVG and Macfee flipped out and kept saying they have stopped BlackDesertOnline from starting, reason: suspicious start up activity, then everything closed and my pc turned off i started up again and uninstalled black desert online. this game is the best"
76561198050611255,Not Recommended,582660,33247696,Posted: 4 July,all,Faucet,Can't even chose a name without it being taken.
76561198159394012,Not Recommended,582660,31964462,Posted: 25 May,all,Shockcollar,Bought Travelers Pack and didnt get items.
,Not Recommended,582660,33600099,Posted: 16 July,all,PartyAnimal137,I whould not recomend this game Reason 1---You can't have a name that a other person had like iwanted lulu but it whould not let me have it as my charicters name. Reason 2: It crashes alot................................................................................................depending on the tipe of computer you have.... my computer is very good but it stilled crashed in the                                          ____________________________________________________GOD DAM LOADING SCREEN! Reason 3: The gameplay is worse than you think i only got thegame because there was a polla bear in the trailer and i thought you could get it BUT YOU CAN'T.________________________________________________________________________________the end.the end.the end.the end.the end.the end.the end.the end.CLICK NEXT TO CONTINUE____________________________________________________NEXT
,Not Recommended,582660,32031686,Posted: 28 May,all,D A,"Not able to use my existing account with Steam 0/10. I guess I won't be coming back to BDO.Salt aside. There's no level cap, so if you're just starting and you want to PvP you will never be able to match people who began on day 1.The combat is hands down the most fun non-instanced  PvE I have played in an MMORPG"
76561198096418739,Not Recommended,582660,33219366,Posted: 4 July,all,RudyTheNinja,"No i dont have a crap PC, i just want boarderless windowed gameing. What do i get instead... What else lol well a black screen of course!EDIT: I got boarderless windowed mode to work!! idk how but what i do know is that i spent half an hour of my free exp boost googling how to get rid of the camera movement that comes from sprinting and strafing at the same time!!! I JUST WANT TO SPRINT IN A STRAIGHT LINE AND BE ABLE TO LOOK SIDEWAYS WITHOUT RUNNING INTO SHT! OMFGG THIS GAME THO!! How in hell do u possibly mess this part of the game up??I better be able to get a refund, 1 hour of this game was just trying to get it to run."
,Not Recommended,582660,31945850,Posted: 24 May,all,Dinkin Flicka,"Wait a bit.Bought game for $6, seems like a good deal once I'm able to play.Upon selecting Play on steam. The steam library states Running and the little black dude with the BDO title goes back and forth then nothing pops up and the ""Running"" in the games section stops. After verifying game files for 15mins, it says 2 files failed and need to be redownloaded, yet the process repeats.I was able to set up a email and verify the game code but I'm still unable to launch and play the game. So thumbs down until i can actually play the game. I would advise not to buy until they have this sorted out."
,Not Recommended,582660,32053061,Posted: 29 May,all,LWonderchild,"I can't believe i trusted reviews and bought this game. What a disaster... game is laggy as hell, quests are boring, story is boring, gameplay is boring other than combat, graphics are bad, like you press T and guy goes alone to the quest, wtf.Somebody said this is better than Wow, like come on, stop lying to yourself just because u cant afford to pay 10$ per month.Avoid this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game!"
,Not Recommended,582660,31948512,Posted: 25 May,all,Arisen_V1P,"Completelly rediculous!  If you had an account and buy the game from steam, you will not be able to use your old account! -Not the Devs fault, i agree. As with many other mmos, you should be able to log in with another / old account.Why buy this through steam instead of simply using an old launcher? In order to be able to utlize steam management system with this game, 6$ could be a justifyable cost.The game itself has been around for over a year, here is  a quick review:The game is an amazing MMO, but it takes things a little too seriously. Extremelly grindy, huge power gap in levels, travel time is atrocious (taking almsot 30 minutes at times to reach a location). The game encourages you to stay logged in 24 hours a day. While that makes it an amazing mmo, i am still conflicted weather it is constructive for the concept of a game.The  number of players has significantly declined within 6 months of release.WIth steam release there will be an influx of new people, i am curious to see how long they will last."
76561198089921345,Not Recommended,582660,31954420,Posted: 25 May,all,lonigus,"Extremely overwhelming for new players. You need to watch hours of youtube tutorials to unerstand what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on. Its not the usual ""just grind your gear and level"" MMORPG.The real money shop is full of borderline pay 2 win items, but its still in the ""OK"" limits balancing on the edge.If you like to AFK in your MMOs doing cooking, smelting, fishing and god knows what more, then its a good game for you. If you want something revolutionary then go search elsewhere.EDIT: 8 hours in and learning already how easy is to trigger the Black Desert fanboys. Anyway... Ran into quite a few performance issues, but nothing serious. A big plus I have to give to the market system which makes the player economy very healthy.So from me a 6/10... Will see after a week if I change my mind.EDIT2: Day 2. Game freezes and cant even launch. 10/10 Would play again."
,Not Recommended,582660,31958404,Posted: 25 May,all,Kleiner geiler Pinguin,"It could be a good game, BUT its absolutly unplayable at the moment with this lag.What a pitty. :("
,Not Recommended,582660,31998483,Posted: 27 May,all,Horsefighter.Nick♛,uses mm/dd/yyyy and not the logical dd/mm/yyyy
,Not Recommended,582660,33901225,Posted: 30 July,all,h1z1.plus,"its a okey game, wow is much better, its just a copy off Wow"
76561198328024257,Not Recommended,582660,32690618,Posted: 23 June,all,sadboy,"Please just dont buy this game, its absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥Start playing Guild wars 2 instead"
76561197993288786,Not Recommended,582660,31951813,Posted: 25 May,all,Invest,"I don't recommend it even if the Lazy Peon loves the game.1. First the UI is super cluttered with♥♥♥♥♥♥that are not interesting to you.2. The characters are so weird... really... not a single one of them can act normal like ""Oh hello new adventurer how are you?""3. Also the conversation dialogues are really weird like... Every character first says a standard phrase (over and over again, so annoying) then you click on ""quests"" to get to the actual quest... then you get the standard phrase again... and some other options maybe? I don't know how hard it must be to implement an easy talking dialogue... and why does the screen always flash black while talking like something intersting happened?4. The first hours are like an MMORPG on drugs... run to this point, kill those guys in 2 seconds, talk to this go there... and you don't even need to go by yourself you can just set your character to ""autowalk"" and off he goes...5. The killer for me: While the game looks beautiful in some youtube let's plays it looks not so great on my machine and when you walk things CONSTANTLY pop up... trees rock everything like the whole world is changing the whole time... And I get horrible performance and I must say I have a good computer - This is the only game that my computer can't handle while I just played ""NIER Automata"" while having the antivirus scanner scan my harddrives.If you want to see the opposite of this game - The smoothest game I have ever experienced - Go check out Shadow Warrior 2. This game is unplayable for me like this.6. Actually there are some positives: For example you run around like in an action game and I bet many mechanisms would be fun but with this performance I rather stop playing."
,Not Recommended,582660,31942180,Posted: 24 May,all,Joe[JiG],"WTF is this XignCode Error?I can play every VAC-secured game, but XignCode blocks me from starting this game."
76561198006593760,Not Recommended,582660,31954414,Posted: 25 May,all,Kevin,"i7-6700k, 16gb ram, gtx1060.Try to play the game -> Error -> restart steam and try again -> Error -> Try Again -> success ->select NA server -> Error-> select EU server -> success(?) -> Try to creat character -> Select Ninja class -> nothing shows up -> Quit the game -> try to play Tera -> works fine -> Delet BD - > Refund...."
,Not Recommended,582660,31993023,Posted: 27 May,all,grannycougar,the ui is ♥♥♥♥ing some form of traditional overcomplex elvish high level algebra and on top of that some creepy black gas follows you around probs staring at you seductively when you sleep and getting overaroused.Black desert is a good name kinda racist thosmallestelvishnumber/10
,Not Recommended,582660,31949085,Posted: 25 May,all,Walter Senpai,Can't log into my live account.
,Not Recommended,582660,32052235,Posted: 29 May,all,GnomeSalad,If you enjoy having bad fps. buy this gameif you enjoy playing bad games. buy this gameif you enjoy wasting your time. buy this gamei dont like to do those so ez refund.
76561198005464474,Not Recommended,582660,31949675,Posted: 25 May,all,JaPhiSo,"This game is boring!The tutorial is the most boring one i have ever played.The quests are boring fetch quests.The enemies are boring. Even with starting gear i can face tank lvl15 enemies.There is always just one area for your level. If you are at higher level areas, you can do nothing. You just don't deal damage to enemies and the resources are locked.The rest of activities are just waiting.You wait for your character to run to a spot.You wait for crafting to be done.You wait for collecting to be done.You wait and grind and wait and grind.That's the whole early game.I will not wait to find out what late game looks like.----------------------------------------------------------------Old content:I just reached level 15 after several hours of playing and i only had fetchquests so far. After 4 hours i am still playing the tutorial and i didnt see a single enemy, that fought back. I dont know, when the game is supposed to start, but i am not going to find out.If you can endure grinding through hours and hours of stupid quest text and running from point A to point B to fetch C and run back to point A, then you might find out, what is so open world about this game, but it just is boring as hell, right now."
,Not Recommended,582660,32653453,Posted: 22 June,all,DelliReeus,"I played this game for about an hour. I would say about more than half of everything in the game is not explained. Skills, gear, quests, & etc. I couldn't figure out how to finish my first quest. I went to where the arrow led me to for the quest, when I arrived there, there was no one there.. I spoke to everyone, but still nothing. I mean it could be a glitch or something, but still. This game is too complicated. I would say it's for someone who's in love with MMOs.. Someone who really wants more out of an MMO, because it's too complicated. There are so many combos, that you have to learn what each one exactly does & use them together with other ones in order to make the right move in a fight. Like this♥♥♥♥♥♥is ridiculous since it's not with a joystick. Also.... there are a lot of customizations, but you can only be Asian.. Different shades of yellow, & etc. Eff this game, is all I can say. I'm just gonna go play some ESO.. :D"
76561198046237858,Not Recommended,582660,31963183,Posted: 25 May,all,Varegi,Generic. Optimization is cancer. The game is boring.
76561197967245932,Not Recommended,582660,31951844,Posted: 25 May,all,Raxxa,"Game is wayy too much overwhelming to start. a lot fps drops, can barely see enemys, no floating damage numbers, combat is too hard understand. refunded."
76561198132173443,Not Recommended,582660,31940526,Posted: 24 May,all,azula9999,Error 115 and support @ black desert does not respond.
,Not Recommended,582660,31946056,Posted: 24 May,all,Aruk,"The company who ever they are,well they s.u.c.k"
,Not Recommended,582660,31940756,Posted: 24 May,all,Exorch,Cannot login
76561198150496354,Not Recommended,582660,31940093,Posted: 24 May,all,XxLucky_DayxX,"i bought this game and when i finish download this game not working , can't play the game and made me fell not good, pls you guys need fix bugs"
76561198022519738,Not Recommended,582660,31939336,Posted: 24 May,all,kknd142857,"Garbage. I cannot even login, it says error 115. And last year I bought this game from its official site, I was facing another problem: I cannot sell anything to npc. So many bugs."
,Not Recommended,582660,31941783,Posted: 24 May,all,Default_Sound,"Not really good, the graphic looks like poop."
,Recommended,582660,31961117,Posted: 25 May,all,ApparentN00B,Cant use game because registration wont work 10/10 awesome gamejk screw this game
,Recommended,582660,31997481,Posted: 27 May,all,faildozer,"The feature list on the store page should be more than enough to grab your attention, because it doesn't just do each of the things it says it does, it does them all well.  Considering the amount of things you can do and how polished it is, I was always hopeful that this game would feel like a truer spiritual successor to Mabinogi than Vindictus ever was, and boy has it delivered.Cons:- Graphical pop-in is a bit aggressive, and even noticable at times in pre-rendered videos where they used the in-game engine- For an action oriented game, most of the time your attacks don't feel like they have much impact aside from numbers- Combat classes are locked to character design, making it more like Vindictus than TERA or Phantasy Star Online- The tutorial is a bit long, but not as painful as it could be- The english dub consists of a lot of amuteur actors, resulting in a lot of awkardly voiced NPCs and cutscenes- Not enough variety in races for characters (in a world with giants and Goblins and fox people, why do we only get humands and elves and one giant to play as?)Pros:- The world is just the right size that running around on foot is still manageable and fun thanks to the fast and fluid movement of the characters- Rich character customization and at least 14 characters to choose from now, some which are just gender swaps.- Housing system that's as functional as it is fun to decorate- The chat amity system encourages actually talking to NPCs and finding quests instead of just being handed everything like other MMOs do- Plenty to do other than just combat.- System reqs aren't that intense, if you can go beyond the game will look absolutely stunning- Easy to solo, but great with friends- The cash shop is quite reasonable with mostly quality of life kinds of bonuses for purchase.- No monthly fees- plenty of in-game opportunities and mini-games that make it possible to get cash shop or rare itemsI followed this game during its development but after it went to open beta and subsequently launch in 2016, I never actually played it because of the high price of entry and the minimal content and character choices.  The state of things in both amount of content and player base are a lot better now, making it a much more tempting purchase.  Having been hyped for it for a long time, I'm immensely happy I took the plunge now and grabbed it."
,Recommended,582660,31997602,Posted: 27 May,all,downcast,It's a good game. Has a lot of depth in it. Only negative is that it takes sometime to understand all of the features and the game doesn't do a very good job of explaining stuff.
,Recommended,582660,32009968,Posted: 27 May,all,Shelbutt,Love it so far!
76561198058673457,Recommended,582660,31989047,Posted: 26 May,all,Otien,So far so good. The game looks great. The combat is unique and really fun. The effects are awesome. The community is helpful and nice. The storyline is interesting and immersive. Get it. $6 well spent i would have paid a full price tag for a game like this. Will update review once i'm more into the game. But to be honest the first couple of hourse for me break or make an mmo experience for me and so far i'm looking forward to this.
,Recommended,582660,32008357,Posted: 27 May,all,skyzzza,best mmorpg... except u need some casual ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198042181979,Recommended,582660,32011237,Posted: 27 May,all,Woodman,"Most fun I've had playing an MMO in awhile. The combat is fun, unlike other MMO's I've played. There is alot to learn, which is something I like in a game. So far all I've been doing is questing, but can't wait to start buying nodes, workers, house's and making some money while I'm AFK. Would highly recommand this game.Also this game runs great (GTX 970, Intel i7 4790, 21:9 Ultra-wide) on high settings. The draw the distance could use some work, but besides that no complaints."
76561198012613562,Recommended,582660,32014314,Posted: 28 May,all,Ollimon,"The game is quite different from other MMOs I've played in the past (WOW, SWTOR), but it's not different in a bad way. It holds a depth and a challenge from quest one, in contrast to WOW where the game 'began' once you hit level cap. It is very stimulating and requires you to remain focused as you play - it might even be a bit overwhelming because of the depth of the game (skill system, combat, banking, finance, proffessions, etc). But once you bridge that gap you find  yourself having a great time and even when you have no f*cking idea what's going on it's still fun because of the challenging combat system. In contrast to WOW it is fun to grind.The devs have tried creating something of their own - not a rip off of WOW and personally I have been waiting for something like this for a long time - and so far they have done a great job!"
76561197965333980,Recommended,582660,32015017,Posted: 28 May,all,Situation-X,"A very confusing game, a fairly steep learning curve when learning what keys to press but other than that its also a fairly easy game to actually play, simply click the quest and autonavigate to it, do it then back to findong out what key to press to complete it.It (to me at least) seems to be more into key binding than Everquest and its highly confusing as to what your actually supposed to be doing.Or maybe Im just not giving my full attention. But I cant complain too much for a fiver I suppose.I cant recommend this game nor do I really want to give it the thumbs down either, Steam really needs to get a 'meh' button added I think."
,Recommended,582660,32014485,Posted: 28 May,all,ManBeast aka WdW,"Incredibly fun and addicting.Grinding does get boring but there are these things ive heard about, called friendsapparently they make it more interesting."
,Recommended,582660,32003369,Posted: 27 May,all,Stadtler,"Got a donkey, rode him though a forest, got killed by some big mother f**ker. Went back to kill said big dude, got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hands down one of the hardest yet most rewarding MMO's I have played.10 visual10 combat10 crafting10 NPC interaction7 story8 Skill tree progression"
76561197977142744,Recommended,582660,31998624,Posted: 27 May,all,[4GE] Droknathal,Re-evaluation: From doing a process of elimination i found out what my problem was and was able to get a good solid section out of it. i tried out the zerker and ninja both seemed pretty good in its combat. im sorta used to action and hotkey type combat systems like tera and wow but with this combo system i think its going in a new direction and sets itself apart from other MMOs. I'll have to put some more hrs into it and test the ranged classes to give the lag a really solid test but even with the aussie lag a fast paced toon like the ninja is still good to play. I would say if u wana try this game just get the $10 buy in and give it a shot its no sub so no wasted moneyOld post: after trying multiple times and servers to play this game i either get lagged out or dced. unless u live in the US or EU dont even bother with this game because u will have a hard time trying to play it. So unless they add an Ocenanic server which i doubt they ever will its just unplayable for me at this point
,Recommended,582660,32003270,Posted: 27 May,all,rapbae,Best of the best.
76561198119370005,Recommended,582660,33020683,Posted: 29 June,all,Kizzle,The grind is real 10/10
76561198272400185,Recommended,582660,33022335,Posted: 29 June,all,xKINGxJERRY,"It's kinda like eso but the fighting is way more fun.Btw, don't duel people early on the fight will not end until someone lets the other kill them just so they can continue playing"
76561198131497874,Recommended,582660,33022050,Posted: 29 June,all,Mekkymanz,gr8 m8
76561198362665958,Recommended,582660,33023132,Posted: 29 June,all,KimSoambo,are
76561198199655831,Recommended,582660,33017279,Posted: 29 June,all,OGH-AUGHA!,Skeletons
76561198067600937,Recommended,582660,33017715,Posted: 29 June,all,Nefarian,Excellent game.
76561198264082571,Recommended,582660,33018072,Posted: 29 June,all,Weaver of Nights,"***Purchased on Steam release sale, playd the game a little about year before then. The game has improved since. Why I stopped playing back then does not matter for this review, I'm just putting it out there for transparency.First, let me start this plainly. In my opinion Black Desert Onlne is the best MMO ever made. Better than Runescape of old, and better than World of Warcraft. There, I said it.Let me clear a couple misconceptions.- 1. This is NOT a ""Pay to Win"" game. Suits and costumes in the Pearl (cash) shop are not needed to succeed. Success in any path you go down does not take money here, it takes time. Lots of it.- 2. This game is a ""grind fest"" and that's a bad thing. People say this instead of saying, ""There are so many ways to make progress and almost everying that I do with my time benifits my character."" Yes, you grind. You farm mobs and idly do tasks, but that's the point of the game. You choose what YOU want to do with you time. No one is telling you what to do. Your choice. You could say that BDO puts the ""Role Playing"" back in MMORPGs because you can do so much.Other Pros:-Great combat-Great community-Expansive economy (No real money required)-HORSES <3-Rich lore and story if you desire to search for it. If not, it's does not take anything away from the bigger picture.I have but one issue with this game, but honestly it's become common amung many games these days. The only issue I have is the gear upgrades. Keep in mind that this is combat based ONLY. After +5 (armor) and +7 (weapons), the percentages of successfully upgrading a piece of gear gets significantly harder, with a +6 becoming a much lower success rate. There is a way to get the percentage higher as you go up, but once again: time.For what it's worth: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,582660,32192126,Posted: 4 June,all,Setarcos04,"Sever connection lost every time.EDIT: CHANGED TO RECOMMENDProblem solved, thanks to the awesome Tech Team!!!You guys are one of the greatest game devs!!One more request: Hope you can optimize the game better :D"
,Recommended,582660,33032517,Posted: 30 June,all,pinckshit,Really good game.
76561198138295259,Recommended,582660,33085120,Posted: 1 July,all,Northwatch,most interesting mmorpg I have played.
,Recommended,582660,33068399,Posted: 30 June,all,MullCheris,"I love the set out that it has. Much better than Elder Scrolls Online in my opinion. Weighing all of the pros and cons of both, Black Desert definitely beats it"
76561198119701905,Recommended,582660,33066215,Posted: 30 June,all,Regi,A good Eh
,Recommended,582660,33085404,Posted: 1 July,all,LyNxZ | Gamdom.com,"Great game! Maybe a little bit complicated with the crafting and stuff with nodes, but its okay. One thing i want this game to have is a necromancer or summoner class."
,Recommended,582660,33108807,Posted: 1 July,all,N 2 Oblivion,"I've only put in 30+hours into BDO but so far I have enjoyed the game. There is a great deal of information to learn in this game. The combat system is mostly fluid, there's some quirks here and there, but overall BDO was worth the price.I'm sure I'll be putting in many more hours into this game."
,Recommended,582660,33108870,Posted: 1 July,all,CAMshaft,One of the better MMORPG games withour locked targeting. It can get boring at times but the attacks are so satisfying and i would say you would need a decent computer to play if you want to participate in world bosses and massive pvp(which i have not done yet) but heard and seen. It is fun and not as p2w but the p2w aspect of the game doesnt give too much of an advantage since the market is set by the game not by the players
,Recommended,582660,33107945,Posted: 1 July,all,✪『Larcener』,"Very fun game, unlike most other MMORPGs."
,Recommended,582660,33105117,Posted: 1 July,all,Yuukikyo,"Fun as heck game when you can actually play and not get disconnected on the EU server qwqExploring is a 9/10 Only because I entered a cave on my horse and it was so small to run through so I had to ditch him to save my own hide, Sorry Roach~Music is a uh, Average score / 10 Its okay i sposeGameplay is a 9/10 Because it's so smooth and has alot of action, Like Tera'sEconomy is pretty dank, Get alot of money for free if you're a new player or old player so you can buy them weapons and armorIs this game P2W? Uhhh... No? sure you can sell items from the cash shop for in game silver but the amount you get from it is so♥♥♥♥♥♥it ain't even worth spending 20-30 bucks to get 25mil on the market EXCLUDING TAX...I'm only lv 47 but i'm having alot of fun exploring and sometimes doing fishing trips with guildies, i havent experienced a whole lot yet~ Hope this review helps."
,Recommended,582660,33270570,Posted: 5 July,all,Velz3nX,I can't stop playing this game. It is the best MMO out there in my opinion. You can do whatever you want and the world is massive!8 euro's for such a game is amazing and the ingame P2W items only help speed things up so the endgame is still about skill not P2W!!
,Recommended,582660,33270701,Posted: 5 July,all,vito 'Al Capwn' Gankster,Good game but alot of RNG and the cash shop is ridiculously expensive.
,Recommended,582660,33269759,Posted: 5 July,all,xMichzz,Its a very solid mmorpg with lots of things todo
76561198355347724,Recommended,582660,32098239,Posted: 31 May,all,jabberwock,"This game is great, the graphics are really good, the feel is great the quests are interesting and i've only had the game for 1 day and I already have 6 hours in. If only I had more time to play it"
,Recommended,582660,32098139,Posted: 31 May,all,Gyliph,"I love getting home from my 8 hour workday to go to work for another 8 hours playing this game, and then sleep 8 hours. Makes managing my schedule easy."
,Recommended,582660,32099766,Posted: 31 May,all,KingArty,"The game overall is quite fun, story is some bit confusing but the combat is immensely fun. I can't wait to start the higher level PVP and am really curious as to how it'll play out. I've fought my brother in the game so far as a lower level but feel it would be more fun with higher level action. The combat I'd say is superior to that of Tera, and Blade and Soul.My concern though is this game outside of Asia is restricted by a cash shop inhibiting NA and EU players by quite a bit in terms of cosmetic customisation. It is still fun but would be more fun if there was some leveled fairness between all regions."
76561198069138624,Recommended,582660,32099565,Posted: 31 May,all,bruins1337,"Game is a lot different than any other mmo I've played, Having a lot of fun playing. Combat system is really cool"
,Recommended,582660,32081686,Posted: 31 May,all,Thorzug,"i honestly love this game, yeah theres some p2w items but i dont really care the crafting and other things you can do make this game a win for me. The grinding in the game doesnt bother me at all since most games have that grinding feel so its normal now. Either way its a great game."
76561198275182828,Recommended,582660,32097423,Posted: 31 May,all,Supreme Nibba,Actually gud btw
,Recommended,582660,32097436,Posted: 31 May,all,Praevat,"While there isnt a definite tutorial that teaches you the more complex parts of the games (ex: there is 1 on 1 trading but you have to be right next to eachother and use the RP ""wheel"" above their character to send a request) Its an enjoyable game that gives a very ""alive"" feel, other people's workers travel the roads in which you travel making it feel more alive and vibrant. Leveling is straightforward and your character can go from 1-50 in about 4-6 hours of gameplay. However other parts of the game DO need tutorials (such as processing items VS actual crafting of the items).Other reviews have listed  the more general pros and cons so I advise you to go read them as this one simply nit-picks at the small things."
76561197977539352,Recommended,582660,32098692,Posted: 31 May,all,Æthereal Flux,Finally an MMO to sink my teeth into. crafting and trading without having to fight is fantastic.
,Recommended,582660,32098806,Posted: 31 May,all,McTwitchems,"Easiest mmo of all time, but loses points because of a stupid labor point systemRedeeming factors are excellent graphics and workersbest part is being kung fu man"
,Recommended,582660,32077194,Posted: 30 May,all,hawiiftbll,Purchased the base game and was debating on purcasing one of the add ons and it wouldn't allow me to purchase for myself only as a gift. But the add on requires the base game so there is no way to get it unless you do it at the same time as your purchase of the base game then possibly. So far the game seems fun and a little different than other mmo
,Recommended,582660,32075020,Posted: 30 May,all,DeceitfulDuckling,FANTASTIC GAME!!! one of a kind mmorpg
,Recommended,582660,32075054,Posted: 30 May,all,"Charles ""The Hammer"" Martel","Fun game, very confusing at first, and the graphics are very demanding."
,Recommended,582660,32070028,Posted: 30 May,all,Klaas,"Bought it, requested a refund after 30minutes and then bought it again and played it for 12hours straight. Next day, same scenario."
,Recommended,582660,32055077,Posted: 29 May,all,Malik Bishop,this game is on point i love it the fighting is hot never have i seen a mmo with this style of combat you do have to grind abit tho it not pay to win AS SOME SAY and for the price of the game why not try it
76561198097035161,Recommended,582660,32026296,Posted: 28 May,all,VerniyY_,boobs and butt physics are 11/10.
76561198263332947,Recommended,582660,32068497,Posted: 30 May,all,You Special,Not a Noob friendly game. Still a pretty dope combat system (Tons of combos to learn etc). Open world. Not really binded by missions.
76561198290465599,Recommended,582660,32074629,Posted: 30 May,all,lordmaverick8,Amazing game ! One of a kind ! And well worth your time !!!
76561198142093626,Recommended,582660,32074454,Posted: 30 May,all,rainbowtofu0,I just love it
,Recommended,582660,32074389,Posted: 30 May,all,Daldain,"A long time ago, I said I would never play a game like this. All MMOs I have played are just pure questing an raids. This game is different. There is a sense of reward when you do something, pushing individual progression and not ""Hi lv1 noob friend, have my good armour"".To date, I have 31 hours in game. Now, there is times that there is times when I can feel that the grind to do something is real...but it is worth it.Anyone that is thinking about getting this game.Just do it,10/10"
,Recommended,582660,32090647,Posted: 31 May,all,_z7K,The most satisfying combat system I've ever experienced; I thoroughly recommend BDO.
,Recommended,582660,33321435,Posted: 6 July,all,Cap'n Salty,"BDO has so much in it to do and much more coming like climbing and more ship things and new areas that I can't wait for. Majority of negetive reviews are about the anti cheat, claiming that it spys constantly when the game isn't running and sends all your info away to strangers but that isnt the case. Currently you can only uninstall the anticheat with reg edit but that won't be the case for long and isn't a bother at all. I'm tired of paranoid commies ♥♥♥♥♥ing about Xingping when it's absolutley harmless."
,Recommended,582660,33320142,Posted: 6 July,all,BokuWaYoru,"So I've owned this game for I think 4 or 5 days now, and sunk nearly 40 hours into it. It's oddly addicting, that's something I won't deny. I'm not an expert reviewer so I can't format my review all pretty like a lot of the folks who do on here but here's the basics on how I feel about this game:This game is for people who have a lot of time to kill, and don't mind running their computer for HOURS AFK. (Honestly, probably about half my play time was while I was out with friends or sleeping.)It's a fantastic looking game, there's no doubt about that, and the combat system is incredibly rewarding. I remember when I first started playing my WIzard (I always gravitate towards the magical classes like that) I found myself laughing as I slaughtered droves of enemies with a couple button clicks. The raw power of what I imagined a Wizard should be felt incredible. I wasn't the uber-squish-ball that you've come to expect a magic class to be, but that doesn't mean you could just stand still, either.The microtransaction system is... disheartening. I wanted some pets to help me with looting since I was constantly being attacked while I was trying to run about and loot. No big deal, I had a spare $20 to drop. So I bought myself two adorable little bunnies (affectionately, and totally originally named BunBun and AlsoBunBun.)Then I realize, crap, I have to feed these guys. Okay, cool. They provide you food when you buy them. 30 food units per pet purchased. Well, that won't last too long, will it? How do I get more? Either you buy it with more real money, or you spend hours farming materials to make pet food. Which you realize you still can't make because you now have to grind the cooking skill up. So you start to make beer, which involves MORE farming of other materials. It just seems silly to me, I guess, as someone who typically doesn't have THAT much time and effort to drop into a game. (I've been off the past couple of days so that is one of the reasons I was able to drop as much time as I have into this game.)There's plenty of things to see and do in this game, and I definitely recommend trying the base game for just $10. It's not a lot, really, and you get PLENTY of content for that. I haven't reached end game or any of that, and I won't for probably literally years due to me leaving for the Navy soon, but I would definitely not recommend the cash shop, at all."
76561198086574414,Recommended,582660,33325163,Posted: 6 July,all,Jon Thor,"I played this game. And I enjoyed it for 5 bucks, then I bought a Traveler's Pack. I didn't have to spend a dime. (I used Pay-Pal.. so technically it's free..as you know, I made lots of money doing something)"
,Recommended,582660,33325653,Posted: 6 July,all,Killingman107,"My Black Desert ReviewPros:Immense character customisation.Immense open-world sandbox with many things (9 life skills to level, nodes, pvp, ect) to do and places to explore other than grind and do repetitive quests.Many ways to make silver (In game money) including while you are AFK.14 classes you are able to choose from, being able to satisfy any play style.Each class has their own unique visually appealing skill sets.Autorun system capable of getting you from place to place, as well as leveling some things while AFK.New players get a server with an EXP bonus to catch up with those playing longer.Not as P2W as some say. Most items are mainly cosmetics, or can be earned in ways other than purchasing them.Cons:At level 45 PvP is activated automatically, and there is no disabling it so player killers are capable of attacking you at any time.Main story quests/side quests are very repetitive.General/Roleplay chat is pretty toxic.The server to catch up is generally laggy due to it being overun, and will sometimes have connection issues.RNG...The Outcome:I would recommend this sandbox MMORPG for anyone who is into the genre. If you have time to spare by leveling up your character in multiple professions, then this game is for you. There is many things to do, and many places to explore to keep you from getting bored. You could sail out into the ocean and fish, or perhaps hunt some whales. As well as make a monopoly with the nodes you can invest contribution points in, and put people to work getting you many resources to use and sell at so nodes.P.S:Kakao does offer a free 7 day trial within the Black Desert Online website. However, if you use this trial your progress can not transfer over to Steam. This is due to the accounts made through their website not being able to login through the Steam client, and the accounts made through Steam not being able to login through their website. So if you do use this trial, you would have to purchase the game on their website to keep your progress."
76561198144542441,Recommended,582660,33344590,Posted: 7 July,all,Dionut,"Very good rpg, for me is real hard to stick with one class because all classes seem interesting in their own way. Believe me, this game will make you spend 1 hour only on creating your character! I haven´t played that much, but i can say that i´m addicted 10/10"
,Recommended,582660,33331790,Posted: 6 July,all,Microsoft Paint,Stunning. That is literally all you need to know.
76561198180666577,Recommended,582660,33363263,Posted: 7 July,all,Arejay,its dope
,Recommended,582660,33365212,Posted: 7 July,all,R.I.P Jiraiya-寄生虫,7/10 hella grindy before 56 farm fest
76561198132777386,Recommended,582660,32791857,Posted: 25 June,all,☁ Da Dwight Thing ☁,This game is really fun and the grinding aspect of it is flawless . The Character Creation is also amazing =D!
,Recommended,582660,33385631,Posted: 8 July,all,EnGenX,The only MMORPG worth my time.
,Recommended,582660,33372592,Posted: 8 July,all,Kasumi,"Nothing negative about the game, graphics, gameplay is amazing. Absolutely love it.The issue i am having is prior to BDO, before i had bought it on STEAM, i bought it from the actual website before i found out it was on steam. I spent like 29.99$ (from the website.) then recently a month or few weeks ago, I bought it for 9.99$? When i had it downloaded and the patch was done, i thought I could use my original account info and it didn't give me that option. I literally had to make a new account basically. Which i don't want to do. That's the only thing that I dislike about this game being on steam. Unless they can make it to where we can use our original account info.Overall this game is really fun, i reccommend it to anyone thats played WoW and other games related to that type of mmorpg. ^.^"
,Recommended,582660,33379488,Posted: 8 July,all,Nochokun,The best ever vidéo game
,Recommended,582660,33390995,Posted: 8 July,all,pinoyboy69,enchanting makes me wanna kms but on the other hand good game
,Recommended,582660,33382299,Posted: 8 July,all,trashbaby5million,Chat is literally ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198049760615,Recommended,582660,33382390,Posted: 8 July,all,Criptonix100,"This Game is a Open World/Sandbox MMORPG it has many aspects from LineAge, like the grind, the money system, the inventory system(weight) and ArcheAge's Housing but much betterThe leveling to 1-50 is easy, but 50-56 is kinda hard, but good enough, while leveling you also get your loot which you can convert to silver or if you have the Regrading items (Black Stones) you can keep them and regrade your items, oh and Regrading is much better than ArcheAgeThe classes are well balanced, everyone says Warrior is the most OP class, it kinda is but it has Pros and Cons, Warriors have High Defense,some mobility if you play him right,High Damage, has Bleeds and other debuffs but as a tradeoff he doesnt have a lot of Lifesteal abilities like i saw Striker going maniac with lifestealing and I've played Musa, it's kinda the same as warrior but has a lot more mobility, more lifestealing and it's a lot more of a AoE class, looking at Striker he has a lot of Lifesteals,High Damage, some defense and some mobilityThe Game offers a lot of exploration, it has a ""Desert"" where you can get lost but find some dungeons(i kinda got lost one time going from Altinova to Valencia and went to a dungeon? but i didnt see any entrance going forward just a portal),It's very huge,some cities are huge, some are not but still feel hugePvP is kinda like Lineage 2, you kill someone going down to minus(-200000 per kill) and then while beign in minus you are perma red, surviving beign permared and killing more players will make you drop stuff,break enchantments and at the other player liking they will probaly leave your stuff there protecting it to despawn or take itThe Graphics are very nice for a MMO and I feel like it's like a normal RPG but it's actually a MMORPGThe Combat is like TERA or Vindictus or BnS or... other Action Combat games likeThat beign said the game is 9,99 euros for that great price you get to explore a huge world, i also forgot to mention there are some islands and in the far top left of the map there is some land with a town, it offers a good amount of grinding like all MMOs and a lot of fun on PvP, i might have missed a lot of stuff to say like GvG,Semi-Open World PvP zone Team vs Team and other stuff but I haven't touched them"
,Recommended,582660,32585281,Posted: 19 June,all,Secrecy,Is REALLY ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,582660,33289318,Posted: 5 July,all,KGeN,"fun for all, addictive and a good way to pass the time"
76561198075975990,Recommended,582660,33403019,Posted: 9 July,all,Hollow,"I like this game alot- I do recommend it but not throught steam workshop. the guy who said theres a bunch of spam yes at first there is but you can turn that all off.my only true issues with the game is the- pvp is not controlled - you can unflagged for pvp still get attacked while your working on your job skills- 95% of guilds recruit only lvl 56+ PVP focused players- I believe Steam servers in communication BDO servers get lagged out at times (Constant server kicks)- when getting it through steam, Steam will auto make an account for you (which is nice) but no access you to your actually profile/account.Great game just some minor tweaks and i'd love it"
,Recommended,582660,33437600,Posted: 10 July,all,Roberto Leonel,I'm so in love wityh this game!I love how immersive the World feels in Black Desert. How beautiful are the graphics too. I would wish there were dungeons on this game. However there is plenty to do on this MMO
76561198072489192,Recommended,582660,33438165,Posted: 10 July,all,Krysis,You get to take 8k screenshots of ur character's jiggling♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥... artistically.After spending hours on the character creation.
76561198075627775,Recommended,582660,32086880,Posted: 31 May,all,EzPizzy,"Great game. Not like other MMORPG. World is huge. Lots of things to do other than mindless grinding. Many rewards even for just afking. Great crafting system. Amazing graphics and major cities actually feel like cities that would actually exist. Combat is a bit difficult, but fun to learn."
,Recommended,582660,32095711,Posted: 31 May,all,Random_Kitten_Face,very good game me like 10/10 would bang
,Recommended,582660,32136801,Posted: 2 June,all,Cozy,"Possibly the best, fastest MMO I've played. I started out at 12 years old playing Diablo and I really liked POE but I was looking for something more immersive. There are plenty things wrong with this but I think they are on the right track making combat and PVP the standout features. Hopefully the next move is to make new items, and make trading better."
,Recommended,582660,32138365,Posted: 2 June,all,Ohh,"Honestly this game is amazing and super fun theres so much to do its bound to keep you busy for hours i have only logged about 4 hrs myself and was loving every second of it but then i came to the situation where i wanted to redeem my dlc items and because steam overlay don't seem to want to work with the game i cant redeem my items from my dlc so that angered me and made me stop playing as i looked for a fix, to this day i still cant redeem my items that i spent a fair amount of extra money on and for that the game gets 3/10 from me at least until they can fix the steam overlay issue once thats fixed this game will for sure be 10/10 and ill be playing it alot more"
76561198075996342,Recommended,582660,32163452,Posted: 3 June,all,Dragonbane,Don't play this if you like story content. Play this if you like the idea of becoming a manufacturing god with so much money that you actually find it difficult to find things to spend it all on.
,Recommended,582660,32162510,Posted: 3 June,all,Megamannyac,Rise and grind10/10 If you already don't have a life because you have to devote eveything to this game
76561198393267729,Recommended,582660,32163122,Posted: 3 June,all,6595dirt,Very fun game that has many things to do in a huge world.
,Recommended,582660,32175098,Posted: 4 June,all,Noodle,"The game is a MMORPG. People say it copied WoW, or some other game. But you can judge for yourself.Positives:* You have a lot of stuff to do, no matter what, you will most certainly never run out before you get bored. You have Life skills, which is crafting, fishing, hunting and all kinds of things.* It has an advanced Guild feeling to it, you can even have your own Guild Boat, and so forth. It makes the game more united in a way that players can unite and play etc.* It is complicated meaning it is fun to learn about it and develope your own feel on how to play the game. You can solely be an adventurer or you can be the best guild by going on missions. Hell you can become a billionare by doing node business.* Advanced character developement* Advanced character creation* Balanced game DP/AP as of the basic skills your characters have.Negatives:* When downloading this game it brings you it's own version of an ""anti-virus"" it is called XingCode 3. XingCode3 scans your HDD each 48hours for activity.After uninstalling BDO ( Black Desert Online ) it does not disappear you need to delete it via regedit manually.* It is very complicated for new comers I would say. You need to learn about CP ( Contribution Points), how Nodes work. Fishing, Crafting, Working etc etc.It takes time so be patient.* You can level up very fast and it does not take much of a grinding aspect tho it gets ""harder"" by that I mean it takes longer to reach a new level. I am level 40 now in just 2 and a half day on my main.* It is a huge debate whether this game is on the P2W ( Pay to win) side or not. Sure if you want you can become rich by paying and selling your Pearl items ( Premium Items ) on the user market for millions.* The economy is well divided, you can become a millionare very fast in this game and therefor I believe the game's economy is unbalanced."
76561197991765615,Recommended,582660,32172531,Posted: 4 June,all,konna,"epicly awesome. and its not p2w, its pay for convience and cosmetics only. and there is soooooo much to do in this game, geezuz."
76561198075700065,Recommended,582660,32173716,Posted: 4 June,all,Azrael Surion,i like the game but the only downside mostly for me is that the game kicks me out every 2-5 minutes.if there is anything i cand do to fix this please help me
76561198202363260,Recommended,582660,33422179,Posted: 9 July,all,Comrade Pol Pot,"Friend convinced me to buy this game ,I am not saying the game is bad but it is not keepin me hooked. Maybe if I had more people to play with I would be hooked but I do not. Plus the english voice acting is god damn awful HURRY UP AND ADD KOREAN to english  copies.EDIT:  I gave the game some time  and it got more fun than before so I take my negative review back but the english voice acting is still ♥♥♥♥ing awful"
,Recommended,582660,32877562,Posted: 27 June,all,Damn Danelle,"So, I get creating a unique family name but, I don't understand the need for a unique first name.  If the family name identifies all of your characters, why is a unique first name necessary...?  IMO, it takes away from the amazing character creation to have to add numbers or something silly to your first name - especially for an RPG.  I'm not sure, maybe I will come back to it but, I've sat here for far too long trying to come up with a name and I'm already over it...Edit:  Thank you to CM Serenity for the response.  Apologies for a less-than-professional initial review.  At the time of posting it, I had just put quite a long time into my character creation and desperately didn't want to cheapen the build with a unrealistic name.  I won't delete my review but, will edit as I go to show transparency and honesty.  Saltiness happens.  Gamers get it.  However, it's unfair at this point for me to not recommend it based on the above so, I will adjust that.  (07/13/17)"
76561198144370395,Recommended,582660,33443328,Posted: 10 July,all,nogoda,WTF i tray 30 mint to log in but fail it say now processing well is all good now ty ^^
76561198041273079,Recommended,582660,33265163,Posted: 5 July,all,Vin¢,Fun game!Alienware is a must have
,Recommended,582660,33551387,Posted: 14 July,all,Gizmo™ ♥,Worth it
76561198021495159,Recommended,582660,33555109,Posted: 15 July,all,iankershaw66,"Considdering i have been playing LOTRO since it began and played Skyrim to distraction inc modding it to hell amongst other rpg and  mmo games leading me to think i can master any of the genre, BDO is a challenge at first if you are used to a story led game be affraid, you are guided by the spirit but the game gives you the freedom to please urself when where and how you progress, even the most proficient gamer should stick to the basics here, the opening town and area have tons to learn, the recomended mission guide and spirit missions are a good start.where this game excells and frustrates is crafting and building a trade empire, it is involved and sometimes hard to grasp, when you have more investment points at your disposal things move along easier, so stick with a combo of exploring and missions early on before starting to craft all you need, the missions and folk you meet will help you gain the knowledge and skills needed to complete crafting.stick with it and the game can be  great fun, the combat is basic but ok, the customisation is kewl but when your farming or grinding mats do you really need to have a fancy outfit? but all in all a good attempt at a please yourself game, leveling is easy and the drops are enough to get you there, if you want the best slow and steady wins that race as buying from the in game shop is v expensive, i am impressed enough to stay and see how i can craft and fight my way to the better gear and the level cap."
,Recommended,582660,33534327,Posted: 14 July,all,Alycia,Hardest mmorpg game I've ever played in my life.
,Recommended,582660,33547411,Posted: 14 July,all,LunaKitKat🌸,"My new favourite game. Everything so far have been great. The grinding, getting money, doing quests, it have been an amazing game so far, and i can't wait to play it again soon. I'm currently in level 26 at a Ranger class, but i have been making other characters too, with other classes, but Ranger is the class i have enjoyed the most so far. I haven't tried out Tamer, soreceress, black knight, and some others but i can't wait to try them out and see if i would like to spend some time grinding with other classes than just playing Ranger all the time. I did try some other classes but they were not something i enjoyed using as much as i enjoyed Ranger. The thing that is great about Ranger is that you can shoot people for kinda far away, not too far but far enough most enemies can't hit you, and the Ranger's secondary is actually quite good too. I absolutely love this game, 10/10 one of the best games i have ever played in awhile. It took me many hours to download but it was 100% worth it."
76561198028431470,Recommended,582660,32270819,Posted: 8 June,all,Wolf(Thesewarz),"It's honestly a really good game in comparison to most other MMO's such as ESO or Guild wars 2 with AMAZING graphics. However, it is at its core a translated game with wayyyy to much to handle all over the screen. With everything so bright and textured it makes everything kinda mesh together. Not for me, but im sure a lot of you will love it. Plus it's only $10."
,Recommended,582660,32224467,Posted: 6 June,all,morph113,"I have been looking for a new rootkit for a long time. I asked Reddit and they said it's easy peasy. So I go here and buy rootkit for 10 Euro. To my surprise there was a game attached to it which is surprisingly good. For anyone who only wants the rootkit but not the game, no problem, just unintall the game and your rootkit will still be there."
76561198118254463,Recommended,582660,32245241,Posted: 7 June,all,☀️Thomas☀,Black Desert Online is an MMO/RPG Action kind of thing with very good combat and skill level up's.This game runs very good even on an low end pc because the game has an optimization mode witch runs the game on the lowest graphics possible.In my opinion this is a good MMO/RPG and I recommend it to people who like this kind of games because in this you need to walk a lot.Anyways I give this game a 9.50/10.(-0.50 because it needs a little bit more server optimization because sometimes the server lags but this is understandable).P.S:Don't worry about the anticheat it won't spoil your private things ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) .
,Recommended,582660,32360715,Posted: 12 June,all,MasterGuru,great game for the msot part
76561198065172264,Recommended,582660,32361665,Posted: 12 June,all,Zeeeen,Combat system is one of the best i've seen. Love this MMO
76561198101811469,Recommended,582660,32308420,Posted: 9 June,all,Ldbtci,"ProsGreat combat systemThat character customization is the best I have ever seen.The graphics are phenomenalConsUnbearable lag in very congested areasName is already in use (x50)9/10 would recommend this gameSadly however, this game gets unnecessary hate. Seriously, we get that xigncode3 is installed but can people stop spamming the comments with "" OMG this scans my computer OMG all my personal files are going to get leaked"" If your so paranoid about your personal data getting accessed chances are it already has- welcome to the 21st century."
,Recommended,582660,32365380,Posted: 12 June,all,Aragato,This game is amazing.  The combat system is superb.  This is the first MMO where I do not feel the need to rush level to the max level and that I can actually just enjoy the small areas of gameplay.
,Recommended,582660,32371485,Posted: 12 June,all,Fukurō,"Had many bugs with the Steam Edition. Recommend the Live-Edition on there Homepage.9/10 ""Great Game, Story is naaah but the Gameplay is quite fun."" -IGN"
,Recommended,582660,32100763,Posted: 31 May,all,!T.xP5j,help me
76561198039573351,Recommended,582660,32244040,Posted: 7 June,all,Iron_Hammerr,"is there a limit to buying one package? just wondering cause i bought the travelers and i want the Explorers also so just wondering,... Love this game to best game ive played in years, i recommend it to all :)"
76561198045861095,Recommended,582660,32242551,Posted: 7 June,all,A White Guy From the 80s,"Dank. As. ♥♥♥♥.This game is an MMORPG more similar to Vindictus/SAO than to traditional MMOs like Mabinogi and WoW. Definately addicting and very fun! If you like grinding mobs, feeling like a badass, and the MOST CONFUSING NODE SYSTEM IN EXISTENCE FOR BEGINNERS, then this is the game for you!The $10 Pricetag is definately value as you only pay once and can play forever."
76561198354233378,Recommended,582660,32258722,Posted: 7 June,all,DHentai,"So far so good.. There are still many things to improve about this game but so far.. As a beginnier in this game, 6/10 so far! keep it up"
,Not Recommended,582660,32042046,Posted: 29 May,all,Dabs,"While I'm super impressed by the graphics and gameplay, I find the lack of a server in the Oceanic or even Australian area intensely frustrating. So much lag it's ridiculously hard to get anything done in-game. So after my initial review of this game and with further server issues since,  I no longer  recommend this game, I'd seriously think about it, before buying, if you live in Australia (especially in the West - see screenshot attached for latest server issue i.e. Servers overrun, but every time I tried to change server it wouldn't allow me to (due to restrictions - whatever the f*** that means)).http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=945658979"
76561198206699471,Not Recommended,582660,32007270,Posted: 27 May,all,minipig,"Leave this ♥♥♥♥ing game as soon as possible.An extremely severe bug is exposed today that you can simply adjust your local time to make the workers work faster and get resources in several seconds. Can you ♥♥♥♥ing believe this kind of bug can even happen?What makes it worse is that, the cheaters may have been using this bug for a very long time.And even the devs ban them after maintaince this week (Even this is not sure. According to my guild mates, bug abusers were just banned for several hours or at most weeks.), the effect that it brings to the economic system is irreversible."
,Recommended,582660,32518939,Posted: 17 June,all,Yostiq,thanks to this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ I now never turn my pc off
76561198040107668,Recommended,582660,32519002,Posted: 17 June,all,GManLegendary,"-Not P2W-Very different from other MMOs (Not gear dependent, more skill-based, more AFK encouragement/ability, etc)-Extrememly refreshing and cheapThe game is fun and at least worth a try"
,Recommended,582660,32521128,Posted: 17 June,all,SUSHi,"So far Im really enjoying the game. Im only level 25. I was skeptical downloading it because of the negative reviews talking about Xigncode. It only runs when you start the game up and when you exit, at least thats all it does for me. It doesnt affect or do anything extra to my cpu. Ive not have any issues such as lag or any problems with my game crashing. The price $9.99 is insane it should be worth more IMO. The only thing that bothers me is that in-game some of the stuff is vague and doesnt give you a lot of insight where to get certain things, maybe because Im a lower level. Overall its an amazing game!"
,Recommended,582660,32519724,Posted: 17 June,all,(626)CH1NOs,Good game very grindy if your into that sort of thing
,Recommended,582660,32520875,Posted: 17 June,all,EKfromH3,Best mmo
,Recommended,582660,32206459,Posted: 5 June,all,tsj9834,"Edit: I have been away a few days and just noticed the reply by the dev.Review of the actual gameGame itself has a lot to offer and overwhelms you with things to do. I would have to rate this game a 7/10(ignoring the above review).Character DesignThere are A TON of options and spend your time on it because that's what your character will look like even at the end of the game. I don't know if it's just me, but I LOVE the art style of the hair. The detail is just amazing.CombatThe combat is fast paced and if you are bad at using key combos you will be at a disadvantage. You can learn semi quick, but the tutorial does a poor job of teaching you everything.QuestsQuests are never worth it in roleplaying games because they usually don't give you enough exp to make up for the time spent doing them. This is true with this game also. Starting quests are ok, and there are some quests that you may want to do for the rewards, not just the exp and I say go for it. If you do want to just do a quest for the exp then just go farm monsters instead. You level up quicker and the combat mechanics keeps it fun.Fast TravelDo you ever hit escape and click fast travel to your kichen, or to work? No? Well good thing this game is like that too. Instead of a car you have horses, and instead of food you have mobs/items and trust me it is work getting everything explored.PVPA player with fast paced combo attack mechanics vs another player with the same = a fun pvp time. Pvp gear is required though otherwise you will be losing every time, except if you find someone who will take off the pvp gear.Whale HuntingYou can go on boats and hunt wales! This is something I haven't seen in any game before.GuildsYou need to try to find a guild to join when you start up because being a part of one is enjoyable and worth it in the long run. If you can't, wait til your a higher level then request again. If you don't like Pvp though don't join one as guilds you declare war on can kill you out in the wild and disrupt your farming/exp gain.Breeding/Getting a HorseYou can breed horses to get a possibility of a better one. You can also tame horses out in the wild to get one.RNGCrafting, Upgrading, Drops, and Breeding have some RNG in it and it's annoying to watch 10+ fails IN A ROW upgrading a weapon.Boss BattlesBring your friends to bosses as you get a drop and they get a drop, EVERYBODY GETS A DROP! Kinda hate how ranged characters get the advantage over melee during fights vs bosses though.SummaryI think this game has a lot to offer overall and if you're willing to put up with the anti-cheat then go ahead and install it, but note you won't be able to easily uninstall the anti-cheat."
,Recommended,582660,32533997,Posted: 18 June,all,Tookie,"great game, best played in a group of friends, but isn't a requirement. the game is just as fun solo.graphics are great, gameplay is great, story is great.tutorial is annoying, and randomly has new things popup as you progress.servers can be a bit laggy (while this coul djust be my internet, others in the servers have also reported lag), but overall a great game, with  avery detailed, and deep story behind it.definitely worth the price!"
,Recommended,582660,32567271,Posted: 19 June,all,Brandøn,"I have only now had this a few days and still pretty much overplayed it. This is a MMO while then again it is not all the simple aspects of any MMO are there but changed. It tries it's hardest to appeal to many users which it does do very well. Many people will point out that this game is P2W (Pay to win). Which i struggle to see yes there are microtransactions that can be done but none are really effecting the gameplay to much or atleast not in the endgame. A big problem you could run into with this game is that you will need a lot of time to play it, if you do not have enough time you may struggle a fair amount.but 100% worth buying especially because of the current price with NO subscription."
76561198066889429,Recommended,582660,32481433,Posted: 16 June,all,Dave The Monster,"♥♥♥♥♥♥loving this game!!! Best MMORPG on the market.. Combat in so good you would think it was a single player. Not like most MMORPGs where you clock the mob and to start fighting and wait while ur character hits and you press a number accociated to a move or spell.Real proper combat with combos, having to constantly hit and move etc. you woudln't think u were playing an mmo. visually stunning graphics for an mmo too.. but its demanding so you will need a good system. The trading and life skills give it an EVE online feel as well.Totally destroys WOW, ESO & SWTOR!! - Total different approach too, items such as swords etc do not have required levels before you can use them.Loving it!"
,Recommended,582660,32481704,Posted: 16 June,all,saxix,"Black Desert online.Pros:* Huge world* Amazing graphics* Alot of quests* Alot of things to do* Cool bosses* Cheap* Amazing character creator.* Alot of cool classes an awakenings [You unlock awakenings when a character reach level 56 and it changes the whole moveset]Cons:*Online but you can't do much things with friends.*Alot of grinding.*Loot system in boss battles are annoying [I fought a server boss with a friend and I picked up the loot and he didnt get anything]*Trading system is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t [You can trade like three things]*Almost no punishment when you die.Personal issues:Sometimes I get stuck between a group of enemies and when i get stuck I can't damage the enemies and can't move away.Because it's cheap I reccomend it, you can have fun for alot of hours.You need to like grinding though."
,Recommended,582660,32590785,Posted: 20 June,all,Professor Dante,"For those who enjoy the grind of something like Runescape, but would also love to play something with a combat system that somewhat resembles stylish action combat like DMC, I would highly recommend this game.Be warned that you will more than likely wish to spend a fair bit of money in the in game store, and you'll want to keep your computer running since many skills can be leveled up while the game runs in the background."
,Recommended,582660,32791643,Posted: 25 June,all,FROSTY🇯🇿🇸,fishing is great
,Recommended,582660,32791846,Posted: 25 June,all,ThatCreepyGuy,"You better enjoy traps and alienware. You'll understand that after playing for few hours, doing some life skilling and just reading the roleplaying chat.One thing I'll say if you are buying this game, go check out few guides, it's a masive game and you'll want to know a lot of stuff from the start."
76561198067106607,Recommended,582660,32796039,Posted: 25 June,all,TwoPotato,"So far im really enjoying the game. I made a musa because I liked the look of the 2H weapon you get after awakening. Its quite the grind of a game, but overall a nice experience with plenty of ways to spend your time.  I do recommend getting the explorers pack.  It makes the game a lot more enjoyable. Some people call that pay to win, but its truly not.  There is so much grinding in this game, you have to work for it.  Spending $ just makes your time in game more efficient, it does not make you overpowered in anyway.  Its a beautiful game to play at 4k as well.  I highly recommend it, especially on sale."
76561198027323542,Recommended,582660,32796117,Posted: 25 June,all,YurtFreak,Great sandbox MMORPG! Definitely worth a look!
,Recommended,582660,32798893,Posted: 25 June,all,Cronic,IN LOVE WITH THIS GAME A+++++
76561198335723434,Recommended,582660,32799078,Posted: 25 June,all,𝔡ꂅᕱϮ♅,Well I take 2 hours making a character cause I like Asians. k
,Recommended,582660,32800296,Posted: 25 June,all,One Punch Francis,ALL MY FRIENDS ARE DEAD. THEY SAID THAT THEY DON'T REALLY CARE IF I CRY. SO I BOUGHT BDO TO MAKE NEW FRIENDS (:
76561198262529504,Recommended,582660,32174277,Posted: 4 June,all,Sgt. Catstle,Grinding for hours-CheckIn depth character creation-CheckCool♥♥♥♥♥classes-Check8/10Problem is xign anti cheat and genderlock
76561198169931138,Recommended,582660,32983044,Posted: 29 June,all,Vtex [CZ],"This game is just good , Get it if you like RPG games like terra and♥♥♥♥♥♥, You can get some stunning screenshots , Really Really REALLY good graphics (If your pc/laptop can run on max graphics and texture) Lvling up is fun in this game , Good story to it.The only bad thing isP v ♥♥♥♥ing P (which is gearbased) Someone has better gear than you ? You're ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Recommended,582660,32724013,Posted: 24 June,all,SwippyOG ダニエル,I was never an MMORPG player but I did wanna get into MMORPG. But it never worked. I tried a lot of MMORPG games and I did kinda liked them but never really got into them. But this game is pretty awesome so far. i haven't played that much yet but I like it already. The start of the game is weird and doesn't really have a good tutorail. But if you played more you will understand more. And with friends of couse it easyer to learn the game and it's more fun. The game also looks really nice and playes pretty smooth. But I recently found out that this isn't a game that you wan't to play with friends. Or you can. But there are CO-OP missions. It's more a single player everything what I think is really sad. But that game is good if you like to grind on your own and get good!
76561198210031169,Recommended,582660,33048874,Posted: 30 June,all,Fuze #TeamPoehee CSGOROLL.COM,Very nice game
,Recommended,582660,33052575,Posted: 30 June,all,powa,Great good korean grinding game
76561198099481628,Recommended,582660,33137222,Posted: 2 July,all,TorchFace,"This is basically a Korean grind fest, to date the most fun and in depth MMO ive ever played! there is just so much attention to detail in the world, however theres not much visual progression on your hero, unless you buy really expensive cash shop outfits or costumes, the game is amazing for returning players as it helps you to get caught up pretty easily, overall this game is pretty fun and for sure is worth a try."
,Recommended,582660,33069689,Posted: 30 June,all,subbzie,Great game! Join our Guild athttps://discord.gg/Uz8GG7A
76561198042725347,Recommended,582660,33134513,Posted: 2 July,all,RancidRancid,Very fun MMO.
,Recommended,582660,32447446,Posted: 15 June,all,Mikey309,"I have really liked playing this game, its cheap ($9.99), there is a ridiculous amount of content, there is a huge map and I really enjoy the combat. If you like open-world style games or MMORPGs then you will likely enjoy this game!"
76561198018894858,Recommended,582660,32480475,Posted: 16 June,all,Du Hasst Mich,Fun
,Recommended,582660,32453334,Posted: 15 June,all,Akaii Panda,For only 10 bucks you will see discussions about traps in the RP-Channel the whole time.
,Recommended,582660,32453359,Posted: 15 June,all,▌Zeta24x7,great
76561198079509604,Recommended,582660,32301390,Posted: 9 June,all,Platinum Excalibur,yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.
,Recommended,582660,32204150,Posted: 5 June,all,Vengeful,"If this game was more than 30$ I would feel like It isnt worth it. Theres lots to do.(Armour) Requires No Level Nor does it souldbound.(Weapons) Same thing as well.These Are good but It doesnt feel Like progression really.(Leveling) Grindy but Once you know the combos Its pretty fun a good grind will get you to 45 In roughly 7 hours. Yes 7 hours if you go the main story and just grind and scale up to enemies your level.(Combat) Super Nice very smooth though it will feel like hit detection is off and super quick.(Or you can have standard skill mode which is original number keys and such for combos you forget about but are an essential to a fight.(Crafting) Insane Learning curve but its pretty grindy too Haven't done this yet.(Economy/Cashshop) This is the wierd part of this game, The Market Place has CAPS on the gear so for example you have recieved a piece of equipment it will show you a max and a min price. If the Item Max is lets say 20,000 silver then you can only sell it for a max of 20,000 silver and minus the 30% market tax (With out the 30 day buff) and a city tax. This to me is very bad due to the fact that Cash shop Items like cosmetics do have a cap too with the highest amount ive seen is 26,000,000 silver. Mind  you that these cost between 20-30 dollars a set. but sell for a few million and yes its only a few. Currently after 11 hours I have 20,000,000 silver. So do not buy cosmetics just wait for the dumb people to sell it on the market.(Population) You wont be alone anywhere on any server.(mega server so shards)(PVP) Mostly its skill Ive dueled the same class whom was 4 levels ahead of me and He had some skills I didnt have yet and my armour was pretty bad. But I accepted. Over this course of 15 minuets of back and forth combos. You can really see who takes time figuring out the class and what combos should stack. I won by alot but that just says to take abit of time to learn most combos while you grind maybe just use one specific combo all the time to make sure you know what it is what it does and when to use it. Other PVP is really non exsistant. :(Final was close but had to give this a 7/10-Not really a sense of accomplishment-Fun to kill alot of things.-Combat is fun.-If you like having a crafting team to do things while youre away.-Market is understandable why they chose to cap the prices but really hurts the experiance."
,Recommended,582660,32202733,Posted: 5 June,all,Saturday Night Shitstorm,"BDO's RP chat is literally just /b/. ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic.Black Desert Online the game where you can♥♥♥♥♥♥on people as much as you want and not worry about getting banned!Huzzah!You can also do sick burn outs with your wagon, 100% confirmed."
,Recommended,582660,32094022,Posted: 31 May,all,Razt,"Love what I've played so far even with the 180 ping. I pray that Kakao will add Australian/NZ servers especially with the influx of new players from steam.In a recent patch - ""Due to the popularity and influx of new users from Steam, we've added 3 more servers to accommodate the growing playerbase."" Perhaps the addition of an Oceanic/AU/NZ server would have eased the load enough on the other servers? It would be best for the game to have localized servers added earlier rather than later in the games lifetime."
,Recommended,582660,32199096,Posted: 5 June,all,ChuckoMay,"The EASIEST MMO I have ever played in my life.  It does everything correct, except for challenge.  This game doesnt challenge me at all.  I've only put in 28hrs.  Im level 27, and there were many moments I just left the game running.  So far I've been solo'ing through this because there is absolutly no challenge anywhere to be found.I really and truly love everything about this game.  Very disapointed it is an MMO when it is easy enough to just be a Singe Player game.They should open up a ""Hard Mode"" server that requires parties and group fighting.10/10 MMO, until you realize you can beat everything with spam, 7/10.  I still recomend it though. Still very fun."
,Recommended,582660,32080541,Posted: 31 May,all,⎛⎝ metaL ⎠⎞,"It's like a modern Korean version of Lineage II, but with way more stuff to do and a lot more customization options.The sound is great, the graphics are optimized extremely well and the story is very engaging.9/10"
,Recommended,582660,32231743,Posted: 6 June,all,Cat iz 4 Fite,"After having spent seven hours with the game, I feel that I can at least share my impressions. This is not a review persay as I think it would be unfair to try and give a proper review after only 7 hours.Black Desert has a lot to offer, so much in fact that it can be daunting to newcomers and will require a considerable investment of time to truly exlore all of its systems.Most notable is Black Desert's Character creator. I have never seen such a robust character creation system. You have the freedom to make your character look almost anyway you like. You can adjust the direction of your characters hair, adjust their nose, eyes, idle expression, skin tone, muscle tone, and yes...breast size. Its unfortunate however that the classes are gender locked. This may have been ok back in Diablo 2. But it is a bit disappointing.That being said I remember trying out the character creator standalone app a while back when it just had 7 classes. The number of classes has been expanded quite a bit to include things like Kunoichi, Ninja, etc. I can't say for certain which are new but you now have access to 13 classes.The presentation of the World itself is beautiful with a few missteps. Visually the graphics are pleasing to look at and complemented by some flashy combat animations. The combat itself is fun as it revolves around combo attacks which adds some visual flair compared to other MMO's. The sounds are satisfying too and make it feel like your attacks really land with some force.However other aspects of the presentation could have used a bit more work. The majority of the interactions you will have are through dialog boxes. Some of these can be voiced though what the character says is not always verbatim. What is jarring is that some NPC's don't know when to shut up. When I was looking through the quest text, the NPC/quest giver regurgitated the same canned line of dialogue 4-5 times before I was done.From my time with the game I will say that the chat can be absolutely abhorrent. Fortunately you can customize your own chat filters which significantly reduces the amount of crap that shows up in the chat window.Leveling thus far has been pretty quick. I have leveled three characters to about level 15 (I have read it becomes a bit grindy past lvl 50). But in that time I have noticed very few new pieces of gear have dropped. I have picked up a new chest piece on my one character. I expect that perhaps this is to try and incentivize purchases of cosmetics.As this is a korean MMO like Perfect World, it too has a cash shop. I have yet to spend one cent in the cash shop and most of the items are purely cosmetic. I can't really say if it feels like pay to win but that feeling has not set in yet.If I had one major criticism of the game, its that it doesn't do enough to really explain its various systems like node management for instance. It gives you the basics to control and move your character, accept quests, etc. But some more explanation would have been appreciated.Black Desert  Online is an enjoyable game and doesn't really have an end game or raids to worry about. This could also explain the lack of droppable gear. It allows you to play at your own pace. The best part is it is pay to play. At $10 on Steam, it's worth a look if your looking for a MMO but may not have the finances to commit to a subscription based MMO. At $10 it's almost worth it for the character creator alone. You could spend hours tweaking your character!"
,Recommended,582660,32258370,Posted: 7 June,all,Lightning Feral,I dont like MMORPG but i ♥♥♥♥ing LOVE this one!!!
76561198292419755,Recommended,582660,32373438,Posted: 12 June,all,GamingHazard TradeSkinsFast.com,"Amazing game. Huge world to explore, tones of classes and amazing animations one of my top best games I own"
,Recommended,582660,32013854,Posted: 28 May,all,AnimeBoyHD,"I can run the game now, and its amazing thank you responding I appreciate the assistance :)"
,Recommended,582660,32405228,Posted: 14 June,all,7h3 3v1l 7w1n,"WORTH THE CRAP OUT OF $10!If you're tired of the same crap in every different MMO this is a refreshing scene change. I've played wow/rift/eso/ffxiv and this game is hands down the coolest combat system i've ever seen.DID I MENTION IT'S $10 WITH NO SUB!? People will say it's b2w but it's not, it's buy for convenience. you can still get those items with in game money it's just expensive and not always on the market.kthxbai"
76561198127283640,Recommended,582660,32405833,Posted: 14 June,all,sniperbuddy500,The Best MMO I Have Ever Played
,Recommended,582660,32405836,Posted: 14 June,all,Emwash,"Initial thoughts..-Beautiful-Well thought out:-Combat system-Quest lines and tracking-Game and interface mechanics-No level cap is awesome-No fast travel but tbh I enjoy the travel in this game.. and that's rare-Unique interactions with each town, reputation and other conversation mechanics to dabble with-Gear upgrades and gems are nice-Character creation system is interesting, nice amount of tweaking for character looks. You can also do poses for your character and change things down to finger placement.-Even if you don't pay extra for quality of life upgrades (invesntory upgrades, boosts, pets) it is still good. I would recommend at least getting the 30$ DLC package if you want to get things done faster.-Voice acting isn't very good but that's not a real big issue-NPC voices sometimes don't really match the character that is supposed to be talking to you. (Maybe a big guy with a small sounding voice)There's so much more to do that I haven't scratched the surface. Overall, I highly recommend this game!"
76561198055683752,Recommended,582660,32711145,Posted: 23 June,all,Sonny,"This game has tons of stuff for you to do, and will have thousands of hours worth of play time for those interested in getting all of those things done. Great looking game, needs a fairly strong system to run it well though. Fun combat, lots of life skills and interesting things to do outside of just grinding XP and money. It does require a lot of time invested, but there is always stuff to do with the time you are on the game, so never running out of stuff to do."
76561198184638307,Recommended,582660,32765006,Posted: 25 June,all,bR janoss,"Nice game, normally i NEVER play MMO games. I'm also totally new in this game and the people are helping me good! :D I recommend this game"
76561198130987120,Recommended,582660,32793560,Posted: 25 June,all,chukzTV,10/10 This game will consume your life.
,Recommended,582660,32796463,Posted: 25 June,all,WildHobbits,"I'm typically not an MMO guy, but holy hell am I having fun with this game. The combat is amazing and satisfying, the graphics are beautiful, and the music is amazing."
,Recommended,582660,32715846,Posted: 24 June,all,Runnico,Created the Terminator. So far so good.
76561198062981161,Recommended,582660,32716742,Posted: 24 June,all,Sgt.Panic,If you like good games this is a game to play. when of the best mmmos ive played so far. everyone ive reccomended this to is happy after purchase and gameplay. just dont try to swim at 1st. you might drown lol
,Recommended,582660,32701524,Posted: 23 June,all,Theowin,This game is ok - I was hoping for a slightly more user friendly interface rather than toggling back and forth to use different mouse functions.  This makes the gameplay rather slow and clunky.
76561198078787711,Recommended,582660,32711032,Posted: 23 June,all,MISTER_MEESEEKS,"Well ive never been so addicted to a game since i played vanilla wow... this game has so many mechanics in it i still dont know half of them. at first its almost too much to take in and figure out but if you stick with it and figure out what to do, then this is the most entertaining game you can get."
,Recommended,582660,32707641,Posted: 23 June,all,StreetcanSandy,"I have no idea what I'm doing, but I love it."
,Recommended,582660,32707116,Posted: 23 June,all,Silux,current addiction.If you really want a bit more to enjoy this games beauty resoreplus.does not dissapoint.
76561198098807117,Not Recommended,582660,32653290,Posted: 22 June,all,stoop1620,boring.
,Not Recommended,582660,32655580,Posted: 22 June,all,Kergami,"First ReviewAnd I have to say that this game is way too indepth for me. Too many things that you can do in the game that can overwhelm a person that's new to the MMO Genre. Wouldn't recommend this to be your ""Starter MMO"" if you will."
,Recommended,582660,32711526,Posted: 23 June,all,edwalian,Would be perfect if it had dungeons :(Still love it though
76561198034821429,Recommended,582660,32740633,Posted: 24 June,all,Azuré,"I've played my share of MMO's over the years, from Runescape to WoW, and thus far, BDO's definitely worth the bang for your buck. Incredibly cheap, and arguably one of the more popular MMOs around currently, and certainly raising in popularity. Even it's P2W isn't too present, more so it's paying for convenience rather than winning. Overall, a fantastic and addiciting game, worth the money!"
76561198095049611,Recommended,582660,32747013,Posted: 24 June,all,Wolf Winchester,"Great game...really in depth customization of character, lots of classes to choose from...YOU PAY ONCE NOT MONTHLY!! 100% Beats World Of Warcraft.Best MMO for only $10! This game is worth a full $60 with how good and well it runs, and as much as you can do."
,Recommended,582660,32751930,Posted: 24 June,all,STO-Mac,"Great Game, good mechnics, amazing grapicsone think I don't like is that to lvl up your pets you need to breed them killing off the parents and only leaving the off springNot cool as you have to buy the pets. But these day every game has there down sides it just depends on what your willing to live with. Overall I think this Game is well worth checking out."
,Not Recommended,582660,32047071,Posted: 29 May,all,HELLFIRE SCORCHING,TOXIC COMMUNITY. DOTA 2 AND LOL LIKE COMMUNITIES.
,Recommended,582660,32890181,Posted: 27 June,all,Alex,"Never played an MMO game before but I gotta say its pretty fun, there is so much to learn and explore!To be honest I thought MMO games were really confusing and complicated but once you get the hang of it you'll love it !Second is the graphics it is WAY different compared to WOW or any other MMO games in terms of graphics, etc.I recommend this game to MMO lovers and those who find this game eye catching, Theres a discount on the game if you are interested, buy it before the discount ends!+rep game / no bugs or glitches so far ;)"
76561197994094939,Recommended,582660,32888068,Posted: 27 June,all,Strawberry Smiggles,"Its a grind, but the freedom of that grind is what makes the game great. I enjoy cooking, going out to massacre most living things, wondering the wilderness, chatting up random NPCs, and questing. You get rewards for doing almost anything in this game so it's easy to lose focus and burn a day awaydoing nothing(not to mention afk farming is a thing if you want to get ahead fast or can't play all the time). The Buildings in Cities and worker/trade systems are fun to mess with as well. O btw the combat is very fun..You do not need to dump $ into the game to enjoy it either. I still havent found a need to buy anything as im fine with starting from scratch and getting more of an old RPG feel. Doing quests and training to improve your character and get more inventory space/ weight are very rewarding.If you want to be one of the best...-Be ready to spend a sh*t load of time playing-Be ready to spend a sh*t load of time afk-Be ready to spend some $ to hurry things alot-Be ready to research the game when you wake til you sleepI would recommend this game to anyone looking for a new RPG or MMO especially if you enjoy management. You can play with/without others very easy(for most activities).  Even if you just want a game to to use as a hack and slash this wouldn't be a bad option as the combat is flashy as it gets with a good learning curve."
,Recommended,582660,32891417,Posted: 27 June,all,vequal,"This game is incredible, It doesn't feed the player items or care bear them through the game. It provides a challenge and thats what MMO's are missing nowadays. I'm sick of playing for 2 weeks and getting max gear, I want to feel like i've worked hard and earned the gear.Overall this game is amazing, highly recommend if you need something to occupy time but still be fun."
,Not Recommended,582660,32033977,Posted: 28 May,all,CthulhuChan,Don't buy it on steam.
76561198060142614,Recommended,582660,33479456,Posted: 12 July,all,ジェームス,Great game.
,Recommended,582660,33464641,Posted: 11 July,all,tang0,Black Desert is very overwhelming at first but I believe over time it will get better and if you like the game enough you'll get invested into it
76561198277461320,Recommended,582660,33462987,Posted: 11 July,all,Fade,"Hello Black Desert Online players I have not been playing this game long but as of right now the game is super great I have put together some pros and consPros:- Innovative, fluid, responsive combat for an MMO- Classes are unique and fun to play- In depth life skill / trade skills- Combat is very fun and clean- Community is very nice and helpful- Gulid System is very intersting- Very good game to play with friendsCons:- Repetitive- Pay to advance / Pay to enjoy- Lacking common courtesies like the horse flute from the $40 explorers pack being account wide- MONEY IS HUGE IN THIS GAME- Very confusing- Want to call your horse from more than 2 feet away? $15 (per character)- Want to have inventory weight to hold items and not go to town every 30 seconds? $40 (per character)this is very annoying when you're a low level player and new to the game- Want to have pets that loot for you so you dont miss loot and effeciently farm? $40 (per account)- Want to not spend the next 6 months repairing your weapon? $10+- Want more room in your stables to tame horses and breed them? $10+Over all I feel that the game is still very good you don't need to really spend money but you see my points most people end up spending a little bit I still have not and I really don't plan too"
76561198035967506,Recommended,582660,33468442,Posted: 11 July,all,Lelouche,Best MMO in my experience. You can pretty much do whatever you want. Steep initial learning curve due to the amount of things you can do but not as bad as EVE. Great end game be it pvp or being a trade tycoon
,Recommended,582660,33474083,Posted: 12 July,all,Goldzy,"A real awesome game, a nice change of gameplay :D"
76561198078991384,Not Recommended,582660,32389380,Posted: 13 June,all,MemesterChief,"It just isn't worth it.The game is a grind, and I've always considered myself a hardcore player, at least when it comes to putting in effort to achieve a greater reward. But somehow, despite some of the best MMO graphics and combat on the market, they managed to make grinding to be able to do things such as PvP so bland, so repetitive, so tedious and unchallenging that I've come to the conclusion that it ultimately isn't worth it. This honestly really sucks for me. Don't underestimate the grind in this game. Look at my hours. I'm nowhere close to end-game, I'm nowhere close to even being competitive in PvP. Ask yourself: Are you willing to triple the amount of hours I have just to be DECENT at the PvP this game has to offer? There is no actual PVE content. The quests are bland and forgettable, and the only true way to level in this game at a realistic rate is to grind the same 2 spots, Sausans and Pirates, over, and over again, 8+ hours a day. That's the real PVE. It's true you can do other things, such as life skills, but most of those are just clicking a few buttons and going afk, and no matter how much money you get from them, you'll still need to get XP to level, which is only done through grinding. I tried, I failed. If you have the hardcore mentality and shrug off throwing countless hours doing repetitive tasks for a meagre reward, then TBH I'd recommend you apply that mentality to a real life job, as it will honestly feel like work. Forget every other complaint. If you care at all about PVE and questing, don't get the game. If you care about PVP and aren't willing to do the same repetitive task for hundreds and hundreds of hours just do be decent, don't get the game. But hey, if you like clicking a few buttons and going AFK and don't care about the other stuff, well..."
76561198143992840,Recommended,582660,33440028,Posted: 10 July,all,Zro_Rage,"This game is based on your likings, you can play casually or you can go hardcore. This game has more variety then any other game ever made. The character creation is amazing and would be absolutely perfect if it wasn't for the gender based classes. Slight Pay to win but its only for convenice. I can not stop playing this game, I already have over 100 hours in this game and have had it for less than a week, and don't plan on slowing down.Tamer is a loli class.10/10Don't play this game too much or you will get burnt out."
76561198171743641,Recommended,582660,33445860,Posted: 10 July,all,Qrow,great game with so much to do... But you can only enjoy said game when it decides its not going to crash every 5 seconds or when it says your graphics card isnt good enough even though you have a graphics card that goes way past the standards
,Recommended,582660,33439354,Posted: 10 July,all,ThatSushiGotRekt,"I have to say that it is one of the best MMORPGs out there. The character customization is awesome and very detailed and the graphics are amazing for a MMO. The game does include a lot of interesting and unique features and mechanics. However, to obtain most of the costumes, you would have to pay but it is only for the cosmetic look. This game is not Pay To Win and I could see myself playing this game for a long while."
,Recommended,582660,32827397,Posted: 26 June,all,Wolffey,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is fun as hell. I currently have 16 hours, by midnight on August 16 I will have over 150 hours, if I don't you can hunt me down and tear me apart."
76561198384125690,Recommended,582660,33488686,Posted: 12 July,all,luckiehowlett,Really great game lots of people and play at all different levels plus lots of learning of strategy. Keeps me busy and focused for hours and hours and hours... I cannot see myself getting to the end of this anytime soon.
,Recommended,582660,33272321,Posted: 5 July,all,g0tm1lk,"Fantastic game, love it!"
76561198044590744,Recommended,582660,33268756,Posted: 5 July,all,jotaro_shima,"Outside of the hyped-up character creator in this game (which is gorgeous, btw), the game itself is a lot of fun. If you're just sick of point-and-click MMO games, then you'll feel right at home here. Plenty of customization for your character, action-based gameplay, and excellent graphics (yes, even outside the customization screen) make this game worth a look if you're looking for a quality MMO."
,Recommended,582660,33285750,Posted: 5 July,all,Jake0lightning,THERE IS SO MUCH TO DO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! worth 8$
76561198139193353,Recommended,582660,32010446,Posted: 27 May,all,Grimmjow Jaegerjacquez,"Everything is pretty, your avatar, your horses, your house, you friends, and your enemies. Come play the game and own your property/business - I have a pet, :3, super cute."
76561198347254154,Recommended,582660,33299088,Posted: 5 July,all,Dr Pebbles,fun
,Recommended,582660,32383958,Posted: 13 June,all,Lorentz,"I'm currently enjoying BDO but server problems are huge (we are talking about up to 20 seconds delay every peak hour) and this review will stay negative until they'll fix them.Edit: as 05/07/17 server got more stable, and even if the lag still comes back from time to time, it got a lot more playable"
,Recommended,582660,33298652,Posted: 5 July,all,BambooLife,BEST MMO (as of July 5th 2017)
76561198043748099,Recommended,582660,33298136,Posted: 5 July,all,JustcallmeSoul,"This game is what you make it to be.Really though, it's all about what you're willing to put into it. Is it pay to win? no. Do you have to pay extra to enjoy the game? no. will your life be easier the more you spend on it? yes. The game is very pay-for-convenience. And boy is it convenient.Is it new user friendly? yes and no. The learning curve is steep for sure, like anyone picking up a new MMO. in fact, i would say even for veterans to mmo games (like myself) the game is a lot to handle right off the bat. It's a sandbox game so as you jump into it you'll immediately run into a very brief tutorial and then be thrown headfirst into the fire. It's okay to feel lost. it's okay to stumble around. thankfully the game doesn't punish you too badly for anything you do (except multiple deaths... seriously dont die multiple times in a row)The login rewards and loyalty rewards are fantastic. just by putting in a few hours a day you'll make leaps and bounds. of course, the most effecient way to improve in the game is... simply to never stop playing. to this end the game offers you a wide variety of methods to literally continue playing the game while you're not even at the computer. thats right, you can completely AFK and be absolutely still making progress. in some areas. ive been busy the last few days so ive been fishing completely afk except to check in and sell my fish. made roughly 600k/hour for three days (that isnt a ton, but it is a respectable number).dont like combat? this game has a fantastic life skill system. dont like life skills? become the manager of a massive worker empire (requires questing, cooking, and daily-to-hourly upkeep, its not as hard as it sounds once you get started) dont like either of those? the combat system is fluid, complex, and intuitive. truly there is something for every type of player.at 9.99, or 7.99, or even 30$ if you get the travelers pack this game is well worth the cost. just think, even if you only play for two weeks you still got two weeks of entertainment for the cost of a trip to the movies for one person.tldr:overall 8/10combat 9/10voice acting 7/10ambient sounds and musical score 8/10noob friendliness 6/10community 8/10 (if you mute roleplay chat in the settings before you even look at the chatbox. 3/10 otherwise *shudder*)character creation 11/10 (seriously, ive paid for full rigging/modeling software with less varied and deep options. ive seen people make character resembling everything from Mr. T to Michael Jackson, Chuck Norris to Bob Ross)depth 10/10"
,Recommended,582660,33299982,Posted: 5 July,all,mynamechilly,lol
76561198197993985,Recommended,582660,33300769,Posted: 5 July,all,Herothgar12,gud game so far
,Recommended,582660,33301944,Posted: 5 July,all,z̶e̶p̶h̶,"Very fun. Gets kind of boring after doing repetitive quests, but the combat is very good an such. Don't listen to what people have to say about the anti-cheat XIGNCODE3, look how many people play it yet they don't have an issue. If you don't get it for that reason then boohoo."
76561198150753297,Recommended,582660,33299715,Posted: 5 July,all,Magic Wurm,This game is my life
,Recommended,582660,32043093,Posted: 29 May,all,Prof.Milad a.k.a the Polymath,"At first I was experiencing alot of problems with log-in or account registration process but thankfully managed to resolve those other than that it's a relatively unique MMORPG with likeable but not superb graphics. It's engaging and sofar I havent noticed any p2w elements anywhere although it's a bit problematic to find thing around with the sea of options they are giving you. performance is ""fine"" but that'sto be expected from MMORPGs due to the massive world and number of mobs and players around you. In conclusion I'd say that it is a really good game with tons of grind(my favorite element in MMORPG games like warframe).EDIT: servers are getting reall bad as we go on and I thought it's something worth mentioning."
,Recommended,582660,33434297,Posted: 10 July,all,Redbeard,"Somewhat pay to win, the cash shop does give you some advantages, but to be fair, they can almost all be had with loyalty you get from logging in daily.You'll probably want to take the approach I do though with this game; pay the 10 for the game, spend 50 on pearls essentially making it a 60 dollar purchase like any other game.  use pearls to acquire a few pets, inventory upgrades, underwear and glasses for +LUCK, and thank me later when you get mad loot drops for having luck maxed out after a few earned titles and a gem or two in your chest armor.Farm farm farm, makes millions and buy good items.This game is fairly hardcore if you want to PVP--there are advantages to being even 1 level above someone else, and moreso with the best gear.For a craftsman, you can play casually and make a ton of cash, eventually just buying all these best in slot gear without grinding for them.  The XP Level grind though, will always be there."
,Recommended,582660,33026802,Posted: 30 June,all,Jacket,Fun game but most of my hours are me just being afk
76561198072270013,Recommended,582660,33419890,Posted: 9 July,all,aiur,"tldr: Great gameFirst off let me say that I am a connoisseur of fine MMO games. I have played countless: Guild Wars, Guild Wars 2, LOTRO (presteam release), FFXI, FFXIV, WOW, Tera, Runescape, Neverwinter, DnD, Rift and others not worth mentioning. Over the past 3 years I was primarily playing FFXIV and took a dabble into WoW's Legion this past summer. I was planning on playing Stormblood however Black Desert stood in the way. In the past I avoided this game for reasons I don't really know but maybe just the fact I was too busy with other things and found no reason to try something else out. Either way, I had a family member already playing this game and gave it a shot. I'm going to write this review into many sections so readers can clearly see pros and cons.The game itself is a vast open world with little to no load screens explorable to you. You can kill monsters, cook food, fish, find and tame horses, craft potions, gather resources based on your energy allowance or simply admire the beauty of this game. I can rightfully say it is one of the most beautiful MMORPG's I have played and my video card can't even handle it in all of it's glory. I've played this game quite a lot since it released on Steam. It offers everything a Hardcore MMORPG player wants in a game. It strays away from the average themepark MMO idea like WoW or FFXIV offers. There is no endgame raid or level cap. The level cap is dependant on how much grinding you wish to do and when the devs boost the experience rate in upcoming expansions. Right now the level cap sits at 62ish. Most endgame players are 60-61 with a few at 62 at the moment. It would probably take those at 62 half a year or so nonstop grinding to hit the 63 mark which in that case I expect the game to have advanced since then. I am currently level 58 and could be 59 if I really cared to grind but I'm taking my time to enjoy the game since there is no rush. (There really isn't because gear>level) to most extent.Back on topic, Classes. Each of the classes have beautiful abilities and an interesting skill tree that makes your first experience playing the game exciting. For the most part though if you wish to get to 56 asap for awakening it pretty much just involves finding a skillset that dispatches mobs quickly and maxing that tree just because of the low amount of skill points you obtain generally per level earned. At 56 you gain your awakened weapon through a difficult questline. The awakened weapon in itself changes you way you play your class completely (which I advise you research your class first since your awakened becomes your endgame skill rotation) as well as granting you a new skill tree for awakened only abilities. The experience gain hits a huge wall 55< onward and for the most part you've reached the endgame. You don't have to continue past 56 as most casual players don't but I see no reason not to. I'm not going to get into the terms of balancing because this is a PVP game. You will die. You will fight overpowered 1v1 classes aka ninja. The game's balance is based around the nodewars/siege PVP aspect of the game. I don't have enough hours played of PVP to give enough knowledge on this subject.Leveling: Everything you do within this game grants you experience. Whether that is lifeskilling or combat experience, it contributes to your level. Combat experience is going to give you more than lifeskilling however the point is it still counts! The lifeskilling (aka crafting/gathering/fishing/cooking) is awesome in this game. You can afk most of it which is great for someone who can't sit at the computer all day. The reason I have so many hours in this game already is due to the fact I have not turned off my client other than maintenance patches that happen every week. I would say that if you want to be competitive in the game you will have to keep the game open at all times. I understand that might sound silly, however my electricity doesn't seem to mind.New players and P2W: I've read a few reviews already posted about the Olvia servers and the aspect of P2W. So when you start out, you are put on the Olvia servers for 30 days. These servers allow newer or returning players an experience buff and basically a safe haven from the rest of the servers. Steam players do get their own servers so you won't even have to worry about dealing with the other Olvia servers. For the most part, I think this is a cool idea but it can be a rude awakening when you get booted off the Olvia servers and have to contest other people for farming spots that could be overgeared for you being so new. I didn't have a problem honestly just take advantage of pirates while you can :)On the aspect of P2W: This game is not P2W. It's P2convienance. Don't confuse the two. There are some aspects you might think are ridiculous but nothing is downright broken from the cashshop. I don't even mind spending money in this game because it's such a great game. I bought this gem for 6$. Although this is my bias it is what is.Final Thoughts: I was a hardcore FFXIV player/raider until I met this game. I had played that game for 3 years straight and enjoyed every minute of it but this game just tops the cake. You have to give it a try and I probably left more information than I should of out of this review but yeah.. It's an awesome game."
,Recommended,582660,33431074,Posted: 10 July,all,some emojis i think,"this game is a mmo rpg and hence draws very obvious comparisons to runescape.graphics -in my opinion the graphic of this game are one of it's main selling points - it has a really beautiful style, clearly korean based, and it pays off well. it adds realism whilst not losing the classical fantastical campiness of the fantasy rpg genre. it also draws on inspirations more typical of fighting games, which will be mentioned later. i think its graphics are better then runescapecharacter customisation -the character customisation is another great selling point. you can basically get the game for character customisation alone, whereas in runescape this is a very minor role. an issue however is the class system, as each class has fixed gender and can only ever play as those class roles, where as in runescape you can switch classes whenever you please. but you can have multiple characters in this game, where as in runescape you cna only have one. for this reason black desert online wins again, but it depends on preference and how much you value customisation over functionalityquests/story -this is the main downfall of black desert online. each quest is incredibly samey (kill 50 gremlins mainly) and the ""story line"" tapers off after around 10 hours. you also have little interaction with npcs which makes the world a little less immersive, whereas in runescape all  the quests are different and exciting and have their own little background and story to them that you can follow and alter, something BDO lacksfighting -the fighting system of BDO is much more immersive, and really draws influences from the fighter game genre. i played as a striker and you literally just punch people to death and its fun. however it does in many draw away from the standard rpg formula, which for some may be bad. for those who enjoy a more immersive, combo based combat system this game is far superior to runescape, and i believe in the development of this game fighting was a priority, so i will say it wins over runescapemultiplayer -this one is a tricky one to compare. on the one hand, i feel it is much easier to immerse yourself in the game whilst ignoring any multiplayer features whatsoever in runescape, where as buying / selling between players i feel is an almost essential aspect of BDO at least after the first few hours. however, i see much less actual chats and interaction between players than i do on runescape. the only time a player has interacted with me was when i was trying to kill a cow or something and a huge OP mage came and slaughtered me. in runescape i had friends. for this reason i think the multiplayer aspect of runescape is better and more flexible to individual needspayment -a clear difference is that this game is pay to play and runescape is not. for some this may be the distinguishing factor between the two. however, there are definitive caps and limits on how far you can go wth runescape without payment however in BDO you can be extremely successful and rich with only the one time payment at the start, and overall is likely to come out cheaper for committed players. i think this heavily depends on play style and preference, so i will say this is a drawsupport -both are regularly updated, but this most likely more as it is still new. there is a bigger community around runescape so bear in mind it is likely easier to find player based help from thereover all, i think this game is worth splashing out a few extra coin on just to experience and entirely new perspective on mmorpgs. it is different to runescape whilst still maintaining genre conventions, and you will happily be able to churn out at least a good 10 hours, more with multiple characters i imagine. if you are someone who really likes to invest a lot of time and energy in their mmos, this is definitely a good one for you as its very much the more you pu in the more you egt out. i would reccommend runescape to more casual players, or players less interested in shaping a community and game and more interested in joining an established one. i personally prefer runescape but i am generally weak"
76561198047954432,Recommended,582660,33439334,Posted: 10 July,all,kryptachronicudilite,"This game is fantastic, cannot stop playing and for the price point, it's ridiculous. So much content for such a small amount and not a p2w game. Haven't put this many hours into a game this quick in many years. The graphics alone are phenomenal. Don't let the player count in community hub fool you, this game has been out before it was on steam and because players couldn't use their old account on steam and were required to repurchase the game, the majority of them kept their old account and played from the original client. There is many many more players than what the community hub shows, once you get in game you'll see that."
,Recommended,582660,33511329,Posted: 13 July,all,Weaboo,Best mmo i ever played
76561198056011172,Recommended,582660,33494951,Posted: 12 July,all,Nightmare Silhouette,"This game is actually really cool.I played on a recommendation by a friend.LOL. He kinda disappeared on me though,all in all I have gotten a twee bit lost and the cost of basic ♥♥♥♥♥ items on this game...KIll me.Like here is the break down.In order to buy in game items you have to pay real money for gold coins and convert them to pearls.10$ for 1000 of these coins.1000 of these coins get you 1000 pearls. ALL of the outfits cost more than 1000 pearls. The cheapest outfit is like 1,100 pearls.The pet's,which auto loot,the cheapest are 900 pearls.But you have to buy pet food FOR 150 pearls.Granted if you log in everyday,one of the free prizes are underwear which are 700 pearls to actually buy with.I have a thing where if I see someone with a smexy outfit I praise them like they are a freakin god,cause they at most had to spend 30$ and at worst 50$ if they are a fashion freak like me liking to make sure undies match the outfit and pet ect. So yea complete money grab but great♥♥♥♥♥game mechanic's."
,Recommended,582660,33529133,Posted: 13 July,all,♚ pickman ☠,Super fun game 10 out of 10
,Recommended,582660,32449116,Posted: 15 June,all,Parakeet,"Been waiting for a good MMO and this is it.Combat is fun and grinding is rewarding. Quests are alright. Their rewards are worthwhile though. Graphics are amazing and the map is huge. Life skills are varied and addicting to level, There's lots of stuff to do. You can do things like start farms and hire workers to automatically take care of them and earn you gold, but I have not done this yet. You can sail and visit islands, which I am looking forward to figuring out. You can bread horses. Getting money really isn't that hard, and that is awesome.If you don't like the game at first try a different class. Classes like the witch do not get good until later in the game. Awakening weapon, a second weapon you can switch off, makes combat and grinding a lot smoother.Game encourages you to have it open all the time, so you can run it in the background or even in the system tray. I like this, I don't feel bad about having it open for various reasons like training my horse or monitoring the marketplace in the background.The negatives: It could use a more interesting story. Costumes aren't that great. Pets collect items for you when you fight, but you need at least 2 of them or you will still have to pick things up manually. Chat is annoying but what MMO chat isn't. Enemies are varied with art and stats, but they all have the same elements and feel very similar, like each group of baddies went to college and learned the correct way to build an evil base.Biggest negative is the anti cheat, which is black box rootkit/spyware. I did not know this before I started playing, so I guess the damage is done. The game is too much fun for me to uninstall, so they got me D:"
76561198112864678,Recommended,582660,33533267,Posted: 14 July,all,ali.hsouna,Nice game ^^ DK is bae
76561198351494299,Recommended,582660,31984344,Posted: 26 May,all,LiNak,"I like it , i make some videos with himhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnYQzrvWnTI"
76561198051961001,Recommended,582660,32023965,Posted: 28 May,all,Da Hollow,"edit:""mystical"" told me a fix of useing task manager when in game to close ""CoherentUI_Host"" that runs in the background. have to do that ever time but i can play.BDO crashes/disconnects 20sec-5min after login. my internet dies and i have to wait 2 min before i get my connection back. ive tried tech support, they simple gave me a list of ever common fix for internet problems. uselessive read on the forums that many ppl have this problem and have for 2years now.If you have this, then the game is unplayable.game look fun but i cant play it. /cry"
76561198072076006,Recommended,582660,32024299,Posted: 28 May,all,DiviusD,the game might crash before you even get to try it and u might have to get in thouch with costumer support but other than that the game is fun
,Recommended,582660,32042452,Posted: 29 May,all,Shade Peon,"So, I will admit that I have only played a few hours but so far I have a good idea of what this game is like. This game is pretty   much a game that is very very quest oriented. This game starts out with a not so great opening cutscene and the game after that goes straight into a quest instantly and then for roughly 4 hours you are in a quest spree and if you want to skip the quests, go ahead! But prepare for litteraly the most overpowered moose in video games. So you either die, or do hours of quests. Now I personally like the quests, eventhough the reasons were not that great, and it was fun trying to learn to kill all of the weak mobs to learn the new skills that I say are without a doubt one of the most fun things to do as every ability is  fun and enjoyable to use. Now for a couple common negatives people say which I have looked into and found that they are falsefully accusing the game of. The classes are gender locked, but the classes if you looked right now almost all have a counter for the other gender. For instance the ninja is a stealthy light high dps type class. And the class of my choice maehwa is a slightly darker and shadow based ninja but is female and also the kunoichi is similar but is a holyer type of ninja but is female. This sounds like there is zero difference in these classes but they all have slightly different primaries for instance, ninja has a kunai, maehwa has two short sword and kunoichi has a kunai. All use the ninjitsu  technique of stealth and attack but they all use 3 different sides of the ninjitsu coin and so I give this game a 87/100 and it is over all very much worth the money. Also the dlc is not a insta-win it is just a way to skip the early grind, not that I say it is good to buy but it is not play to win."
,Recommended,582660,32044507,Posted: 29 May,all,k.,Possible work around for the email verfication - got the game yesterday night all did was ctrl+c / ctrl+v for the registration.
76561198064434403,Recommended,582660,32046034,Posted: 29 May,all,Link10103,"I hit yes in recommending this game, but my review will be somewhat negative.Visually this is a great game and I was only on low graphic settings. Combat, like everyone else mentions, is rather solid and it seemingly expands even further as you progress and even more so when you hit a certain level. My main concern was the open world PvP I heard about, but after reading up a little on it it doesnt even become an option until level 40 and even then you can toggle it off (but still get murdered by some a-hole...logic)My problem with the game, or rather your average MMO, is that I realized I severely dislike the obscene amount of nonsense that always plagues your screen. I couldnt do one thing without 4 other things popping up trying to tell me information. It gets to the point where I want to skip it all just to be able to see, but then I have no idea what to do since I skipped it all. Guess im too casual? Shouldnt have to melt my brain and disintegrate my eyeballs to enjoy any game.This game also managed to change my desktops resolution somehow and seemingly broke my ability to change the size of my text without having to do custom scaling. That, coupled with the fact that I couldnt pick the names I wanted due to some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ glitched restriction turned me off from this.However, for $10 at full price and even a passing affection for MMO's, Im sure you can enjoy this game quite a bit before running into any p2w aspects if there are even any large enough to care."
76561198064593646,Recommended,582660,31961380,Posted: 25 May,all,Sladus,"I had some pretty bad issues when I first ran the game. Couldn't get in for a couple of days.  Once in, the game has been fun.  Tons of content and stuff to do.  Graphics are awesome. Some people have had major issues getting the game to run.  Mine was corrected by using an ethernet cable instead of wifi.Dell 8900Win10 Homei7-6700RAM 16GBSandisk SSD Ultra2Nvidia Geforce GTX 1070"
,Recommended,582660,32042681,Posted: 29 May,all,GothChild,EDIT : Errors are fixed and the game works like a charm.
,Recommended,582660,32045528,Posted: 29 May,all,ASL White Boy,"Played the game before it was on steam, probably one of the best MMO's I've played!"
76561198079948626,Recommended,582660,32042415,Posted: 29 May,all,TheFamousFister,"Ok its working, i just got lucky and tried it right b4 the hot fix... the game is gtg now and im enjoying it alot right now! thanks for the quick fix (also like i said i started playing it today like 1 hour b4 the update lol)"
76561198076890290,Recommended,582660,32040041,Posted: 29 May,all,The Heavenly Skid,I've only played a bit of this game so far but its been great.
76561198041490619,Recommended,582660,32031312,Posted: 28 May,all,fiurion,"For the price i got it i dont feel like i can really complain that very much about it since in my first hours i didnt feel all that time ingame pass.Gameplay itself is not that bad but for me the game shines more in the small diferent mechanics the game has like making us walk with a slow heavy backpack on our back to lvl the strenght to carry more weight on us.Examples like that really sets it apart from other mmos for me.Other then that, the game at start (at least) does feels a little too easy :\Performance feels like it could be improved a little more, graphic settings should have more standalone settings instead of having some options with x settings packed in one for example for betther tweaking to our own tastes and specs.Besides the settings, the visuals of the game does indeed look good, on short to ""medium"" distances but note that besides a certain part everything else will just look blurry and ""lower quality"" wich is kinda sad coming from a game with these visuals.Like mentioned, there are indeed some pop ins but if settings high enough or after some time in the game, you actually start to get used to that stuff and kinda start to automatically ""unnotice"" it that much.As for the sum of it, for the price it has, especially on discount, not a bad deal if you enjoy an mmo or if just looking for an online game that has some people for you to just chill out casually doing your stuff."
,Recommended,582660,32070521,Posted: 30 May,all,Risk08,"Fanatastic MMORPG. It is one of the best sandbox MMOs out at the moment. The price is nice and cheap so there is little reason not to try it. In-game purchases are eventually most likely what you will want to do to improve efficiency and such but it's completely up to the player how much you want to spend and whether you want to get to end-game. Considering the inital price, if you enjoy the game it's fair to pay some more.The graphics are really nice and some awesome unique node systems aswell. If you think you might like it you will. Just remeber it's really complicated so if you don't like researching then you won't enjoy it.Performance is good but you need a decent cpu and ok gpu at least for good fps."
76561198013076159,Recommended,582660,32071741,Posted: 30 May,all,Tong,"Not bad for the price, graphics are intense as you would expect from this style of game especially when you can change the colour filter i.e. vibrant, black/white, normal etc. Combat can take a bit of getting used to however it can prove quite fun once you get hands on. From what I've played so far, the quests don't make you feel like you are continuously grinding and there is a lot of features in-game to explore.If you like Asian style games, MMO's and insane colours, this is for you."
,Recommended,582660,32036724,Posted: 29 May,all,FUNindaSUN,BDO Is a fun and fresh new MMO with alot of unique features and overall systemHowever I cant seem to really get into it as much as i would like because the game constantly crashes and sometimes locking up my entire system... not sure what thats all aboutif any of you can get past that though try it out! its pretty good and has a Buy to play system similar to that of Guild Wars / Guild Wars 2
,Recommended,582660,32034361,Posted: 28 May,all,tt,Only found one bug and thats a black launch screen. counteracting the hate
,Recommended,582660,32050857,Posted: 29 May,all,Karnivll,"This is definitely a refreshing mmo that isnt p2w or a WoW clone. I've heard multiple complaints that people cant figure out how to do x or y, and chat is constantly bombarded with the same questions over and over.PEOPLE, IF YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO DO SOMETHING, GOOGLE IT!The graphics and environment are absolutely breathtaking. Gender-locked classes are kind of a con, but not really a big deal in my eyes. There's loads to do in this game and I would suggest first-timers to just take it slow and try out a little bit of everything.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who digs mmos.Seriously, why are you still reading my review? Buy it!"
,Recommended,582660,32819852,Posted: 26 June,all,Kao,I love this game it's gas alot to do.  And it's never boring. I would recommend it to a lot of friends.
,Recommended,582660,32826063,Posted: 26 June,all,NepNepZ0Z,♥♥♥♥en love this gameFavorite game in yearsLLOVE ITso worth it'much wow
76561198010371596,Recommended,582660,32818689,Posted: 26 June,all,RIC FLAIR WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
,Recommended,582660,32816091,Posted: 26 June,all,ChibiNyahh,Its like tera but but good and worth 10$
,Recommended,582660,32835085,Posted: 26 June,all,BLITZ,"Great game, P2W is very small and only changes very small aspects of the game, dont listen to all the rootkit conspirsacy theorists, and just have some fun playing this game as its probably the best MMO $10 can get you on steam"
76561198017999339,Recommended,582660,32874391,Posted: 27 June,all,Jukebox Dawg,The only mmo i could get used to playing after RaiderZ. Recommended for people who are seeking action based fluid gameplay.
,Recommended,582660,32873101,Posted: 27 June,all,Andy,Good Game if you're into hours of grinding.
,Recommended,582660,32868690,Posted: 27 June,all,Spez,Very fun game. can be comfusing to learn at the start
,Recommended,582660,32892315,Posted: 27 June,all,Sarge,I like itLove the gameplay
76561198192457622,Recommended,582660,32904076,Posted: 27 June,all,JiMoneyKoolChri$,"Pretty cool game.  Nice graphics and art style.  I like the variety of classes and also the full spectrum of the human race on display here.  Unlike Elder Scrolls where you're either African or Caucasian.Installs Xigncode.  Hmm, I guess I don't care if it prevents cheaters.  I play Battlefield a lot and I've seen cheaters there and it can really make the game frustrating.  I'd rather have an effective anti cheat program than not when playing online games.I'm not into MMO's in general so the game is a bit complex for me.  Especially since I can't be bothered to read the manual.  But at $5 bucks or so when on sale, I have no regrets checking this game out.  I won't be uninstalling it for the fear that Xigncode may destory my computer or something."
76561198045883608,Recommended,582660,32912308,Posted: 27 June,all,Measuresx,good game alot to do
,Recommended,582660,32914019,Posted: 27 June,all,MarviXs,:)
,Recommended,582660,32927708,Posted: 28 June,all,LushyFPS,I like grindy games
76561198044754961,Recommended,582660,32926381,Posted: 28 June,all,Un pequeño furioso,Nice game
,Recommended,582660,32925207,Posted: 28 June,all,mxd_,Trap simulator.
,Recommended,582660,32917703,Posted: 28 June,all,NyanCat,Very good game if you like to grind and can get past the graphic pop-ins.
76561198052059761,Recommended,582660,32912783,Posted: 27 June,all,Spooby Ghost,great game 10/10
,Recommended,582660,32922475,Posted: 28 June,all,Mico,.
,Recommended,582660,32914786,Posted: 27 June,all,NotoriousBusinessMan,Honestly worth it for the character creator
76561198271877271,Recommended,582660,32102716,Posted: 1 June,all,isaac,when you first go on the game you will do a tutorial but from there you will probably have no clue on what to do.just look up a few tutorials and get an idea on what you want to do. i absolutly love this game and would recommend it to anyone who:-wants to start a buisness-wants to do roleplay-wants to do massive pvp guild battles-wants a life gameand who wants to explore and discover beautiful landscapes----------------------------------------------------------------------------i dont play on max graphics and the game still looks amazing (medium graphics settings).the way you can use workers with nodes is quite overwelming at first but is very useful for many life skills and money making skills.the caracter customisation is amazing and you can change every indivisual feature on you character to truly make them your own.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------over all i would definatly reccomend it to anyone and if your not sure just go for it since it it very cheap. even if it was double the price i would still buy it. (sorry for my bad spelling.)
,Recommended,582660,32113254,Posted: 1 June,all,SkyDevil,"Best MMO I've ever played. Best character creation I've ever seen. For the best price you can get.I bought this game 3 days ago and I can clearly say, that this games is the best MMO. The game rewards you for every day you join. The game also rewards you when you're not in the game, there is option to hire workers, you can start auto-fishing, so if you'll go sleep, you'll have a lot of fish in the morning, so you can sell them for money. You can do not almost everything, you can do everything you want. You can do fishing, you can go on sea by your boat, you can do alchemy, you can buy your own residence, pet and it's available from the beginning. Just tell me what game can do this? I can recommend it to any MMO player, you won't play any other game again."
76561198115370612,Recommended,582660,32114289,Posted: 1 June,all,JackTh3Ripper,"Though it is hard to grasp, this game is a wonderful game of oportunities.Though it is an action packed game, it is not limited to that. I play as a fighter, and honestly, it has the combat style ive been looking for my whole life. The graphics are breathtaking, and the community is great and booming.All in all this is a wonderful game, and not very expensive."
,Recommended,582660,32119888,Posted: 1 June,all,kossboss,"Enjoying this is knida like a mash up of an anime mmo, runescape, and wow. fors 7 bucks its worth it. Also you can buy almost anything that is p2w with ingame currency on the market. Example a pet (11usd) costs about 3m-4m silver which if you level from 1-20 (5-10hrs) I ended up with about 5m plus others stuff."
76561198029775150,Recommended,582660,32071041,Posted: 30 May,all,Fatum,"At first:failed to identify usable graphics adapters....:(edit 2 days later:support works well, and solved my problem.:)"
76561198010082775,Recommended,582660,32130671,Posted: 2 June,all,huskey,Not your typical mmo but is still alot of fun I suggest watching some vids or streams to get an idea. If you come in thinking this is a normal mmo where you do normal mmo things you will not be happy.
76561198015440090,Recommended,582660,32129247,Posted: 2 June,all,missy-yen,Good game but as a long learning curve to work out whats good and whats bad lol
,Recommended,582660,32131154,Posted: 2 June,all,WolvenOmega,"This game has a huge learning curve what with all the things you can do, but if you keep at it and watch a couple tutorials it's probably the best mmo I've ever played. And no, it's not pay to win - everything you can buy with real cash, you can buy with in game cash, but even then pearl shop items don't give a huge advantage, it's more pay for convenience. It's also not hard to find your rhythm for money, especially with the afk mechanics for travel/trade routes and fishing.On the down side, the servers I play on, the community is obsessed with talking about traps and alienware, but you can still find the occasional diamond in the rough if you get stuck and have questions."
,Recommended,582660,32131944,Posted: 2 June,all,Ebeep,"This game is great, I would recomend this to anyone with freetime,Pros: amazing character design, fun gameplay, good story, many things to do, graphics are great( if you have the computer to run them)Cons: Some glitches (Developers fix pretty fast though, and it is a pretty new game), bad voice acting (every character is voice acted though), can be laggy, servers are usualy very crowded."
,Recommended,582660,32091471,Posted: 31 May,all,Death-Knell,The key rebinding can be a bit funny but that is my only real complaint The character creation is brilliant (ultimate waifu generator) beyond that it's a slightly less point and click mmorpg
76561198374206554,Recommended,582660,32165424,Posted: 3 June,all,Hiroshima,Its a mix.. of alot of things... and they somehow managed to make it amazing... minecraft/final fantasy... a build your own adventure kinda..
,Recommended,582660,32171210,Posted: 4 June,all,BrookieMythicC,All i can say is... im an MMORPG freak and i love all mmo but this one is soo nice and amazing and soo appealing to me and my community! We are looking for more members to join our guild and as well our community Join Mythic :)
,Recommended,582660,32162213,Posted: 3 June,all,Pantonical,"The game is such a unique experience, but has its fair share of glitches. I believe you should get it anyways though"
,Recommended,582660,32837220,Posted: 26 June,all,Potate-O,"Pros:- Amazing combat- Looks gorgeous- Amazing economy system- Large map- Feels 'alive'- Once you learn all the systems, WILL get addicting- Node management system is neatCons:-Cancerous community- Pets, which are vital late game, need to be paid for with real money- Armour doesn't change character appearance- Outfits that do change character appearance are difficult to get a hold of without real money- Too many microtransactionsOverall, after the first few boring quests, you will enjoy this game.8/10"
,Recommended,582660,32838687,Posted: 26 June,all,wyrllish,"I honestly want to not recommend this game just because it can be incredibly addicting and thus time consuming. The economy/life skills is such a fun concept to mess around with that I'm not even that interested in fighting mobs or questing that much. You can create a ""worker empire"" to gather and produce various things.Most of this can be done while AFK so that your workers will continue to do their thing. Definitely worth it for the current price."
,Not Recommended,582660,33019016,Posted: 29 June,all,Heqx,"-Summary-The game is worth the price but you will spend more than the price probably on pets, outfits and value packs.. which at that point as a full priced game its a lot harder to recommend. You can definitely spend enough time in the game to make the money worth it but I really started to feel like there was no point which is why I can't really recommend it. What is it all building up to? Endgame is just playing with RNG gear upgrades and the community doesn't seem worth sticking around for. You can spend your time better elsewhere. Its a good time waster for a while though.--Pros--- Its a LOT of game - You are definitely going to get overwhelmed initially by the sheer amount of systems/things you can do and places you can explore. You wont run out of things to do and will have options.- Combat - The combat is super fluid, moves flow into each other. Its a lot better than the usual press a button to use a skill stuff you get in most MMOs.  Feels more light a fighting game sometimes than an MMO.- Looks awesome - Best looking MMO i've played so far. Lots of creativity in enemy and city design.- Sound track - Sound track is pretty good until you get tired of it and turn it off.--Cons--- Story dissolves pretty quickly - Black spirit turns out to basically just be a device to help you explore the map and devolves into ""go here and kill this"" pretty quickly.- Voice acting - Varies in quality but ends up definitely on the bad side.- Voice looping - NPCs just repeat the same lines constantly. Some do it every second. Its ridiculous. Turning off voices is fairly critical to my sanity.- Lag - The servers lag which can desync where you are, make it hard to turn in or get new quests, make it hard to do combos and make it hard to summon which, if you are a tamer, is fairly game stopping.- Open world PvP makes no sense - Get killed by a super geared 60 while trying to grind levels, they lose karma and you have to walk back. Just results in people getting salty and seems completely pointless. Almost nobody will PvP you to your face either, they wait until you are fighting something and have blown some skills to try to get an easy kill (which once again, only HURTS them to kill you) so you have to be suspicious and pay attention if you don't want to walk back which is boring when grinding the same spot for hours... I've seem some people resort to horse killing or luring mobs to kill your horse since then you can't use horse inventory and have to walk back to a stable to revive it. Its just obnoxious.- The market place - Lags super hard if you use global search. No incentive to post items because prices are set low by the devs so there is a lot of competition and time spent wasted on bidding for items you don't end up wining or over-spending on a preorder where the extra money just gets vaporized.- Gear upgrades - Hit a wall where you have to upgrade gear to progress and then end up wasting a lot of time trying to get the stones/repair weapon only to still have a chance of not actually getting the upgrade or even being downgraded. I haven't seen anyone that really likes this system, its just a bad part of the game. Essentially you are just gambling your time.- Poor documentation - The wiki is serviceable but otherwise finding accurate up to date info is not simple a lot of the time.- NA is second class - May not get things Korea gets and if we do we will get them later and maybe without any explanation as to what they are. Had a quest where I had to kill some ""untranslated"". Some of the quests seem very roughly translated and barely make sense.- Community - In game chat is mostly useless. Lots of edgy kids. If you are easily triggered by racist stuff turn off nameplates, apparently they didn't bother to implement name filters.- Quest limit - If you enjoy inventory management you will enjoy managing the tons of quests the game throws at you because you can only have so many and some are quite a distance away to turn in.-Dyes- 1 time use from random packs in the pearl shop. You aren't dying anything probably unless you get a value pack.- Junk loot - 1-4ish types of item drop at a lot of grind spots that you sometimes have to travel quite a ways to turn in to a specific NPC for the reward. You can vendor it at a loss though but feels like a ploy to get you to buy additional weight limit.- Pets - You have to buy pets to auto loot.. :/--Mixed---- No fast travel - Riding from place to place is actually kind of nice and you can auto-path it and do it AFK. Getting a faster horse helps as well and cuts it down a lot... but sometimes feels like I spend way too long riding instead of making any progress.- AFK activities. -The game gives you a lot of things you can do AFK such as setting a path loop and having your horse go in circles overnight to train it or pressing space and auto-fishing. The bad thing is you have to stay in the game to do it which probably doesn't help with the lag situation which is a bit stupid."
,Not Recommended,582660,32972652,Posted: 28 June,all,YBAlam,The soundtrack is obnoxious and the audio in general Sounds like it was imported from pakistan
,Recommended,582660,33063465,Posted: 30 June,all,SolidShot,Great game would make this longer but im going to play some more !
,Recommended,582660,33501373,Posted: 13 July,all,zyster,nice
,Recommended,582660,33286093,Posted: 5 July,all,Matte Black,Great game so far..  I have been playing a week and already have like 100 hours on the game...  I love it so far.
,Recommended,582660,33204144,Posted: 3 July,all,Killtax,Good time. Relaxing.
,Recommended,582660,32951553,Posted: 28 June,all,zaheed,Currently still playing the game and enjoying it.
,Recommended,582660,32969020,Posted: 28 June,all,//,lots of grindinggood game but not for me
,Recommended,582660,33441178,Posted: 10 July,all,ˢᵖᵒᵒᵏʸ Wyclef Mack,Never played it before Steam.Eh.. it's alright.
,Recommended,582660,33496497,Posted: 12 July,all,☁️DRU,When you first open the game you will be overwelmed since there is just so much to do. You would then feel like quiting since most of it is just way to complicated. However I incourage you to press on because underneath all of the complexity theres a fantastic game.
76561198045453903,Recommended,582660,33736984,Posted: 22 July,all,Abrahamsters415,"!!!!!FIX LAUNCHER BUG!!!!!! ""failed to identify usable graphics adapter atleast 1280x720 screen resolution is required"" i was running the game perfectly before!"
,Recommended,582660,33736038,Posted: 22 July,all,McLovin 69,Please fix the server connection issues!
76561198132119281,Recommended,582660,33726662,Posted: 22 July,all,Heinrich,So hard to run
,Recommended,582660,32987365,Posted: 29 June,all,XentuR,"EDIT: I gave this game a second chance, this time with nvidia xperience settings and other configuration, and it helps a lot. Sometimes in the main towns the frames low a bit but is ok. Now im enjoying the gameplay. ThxEven Vindictus is better than this game, it's so bad optimized!! im playing with a gtx 1070 8gb msi + i7 come on?? and my frames sucks at this game, laggy. I did not enjoy it."
,Recommended,582660,33758340,Posted: 23 July,all,"you're home, go drunk","hella good stuff, 10/10 would buy 3 times"
,Recommended,582660,33752832,Posted: 23 July,all,<><>xXB0UG3YM4NXx<><>,Love the game but I need lots of tips and a place like ts3 or discord to join anyone willing to help me out as me being a new player is awesome email me your tips or discord atmikeyfinds@gmail.comname the Subject BDO Help thanka for anyone willing to keep me up to date with this amazing game
,Recommended,582660,33760201,Posted: 24 July,all,Bearo,"For years ive been looking for an MMO like this.Getting to the highest level is not the important thing, and many simply dont do it.Its about learning the life skills, becoming a trader, hunting whales.Extremely complicated but the payout is you feel like you have a really deep game to be in.Similar to the old Runescape in the fact that its about learning what skills you like best and seeing the best ways you can make money from them.I love it."
,Recommended,582660,33760248,Posted: 24 July,all,teodorob84,One Of The Best Games Ever And I Totally Reccomend it its open world you get the battle other people trade with other people join other peopels guilds it even has a story behind it witch i find amazing i reccomend it alot its better than elder scrolls in my opinion well on the pricing elder scrolls is kinda over priced while this is very cheap and its awsome
,Recommended,582660,33362331,Posted: 7 July,all,Panders,yes
76561198393626918,Recommended,582660,33733455,Posted: 22 July,all,KuroiHana,Great Game Amazing Graphics and great Character Customizations. Must sell your soul to this game
76561198167817655,Recommended,582660,33397204,Posted: 9 July,all,R4zorCRO,Pros:- Completely Open World (no instances)- Detailed Character Customization- Huge amount of activities- Various Quests (tired of Grinding? Just start doing Life quests)- Not P2W- Amazing Boss Fights- Interesting Story- Node Investments & Managing WorkersCons:- Pearl (Premium) Shop is really expensive - 30€ for a single costume- Pets are kinda useless and also expensive- No dungeons- No gear lvl restriction (lvl 1 player can wear end game OP stuff)
,Recommended,582660,33719299,Posted: 22 July,all,Madara Uchiha,simply the best MMORPG i have ever played
76561198138833791,Recommended,582660,33719933,Posted: 22 July,all,Detective Spooks,"Before you get your hopes up, just know this is not some great immersive experience, the community is very toxic, and pretty elitist too. There are no raids, and pretty much nothing to do with friends.BDO is an arcade sandbox MMO, so it is more of a grind fest rather than any kind of immersion.the combat mechanics are waaaayyy too souped up in the sense of you look like a martial arts master beating up on defenseless puppiesaside from the mostly negative feelings I have towards this game, the combat does feel fever powerful and you feel like a total badass. think vindictus but on an open word not random missions.all this being said i still play the game, it is kind of a time killer and can be fun grinding every now and again.in the end, i would say you are getting your 10 dollars worth in a pretty game and powerful combat system, but that is about the extent of what this game has to offer."
,Recommended,582660,33719611,Posted: 22 July,all,Xperto,Press R to gather
,Recommended,582660,33728720,Posted: 22 July,all,crispypeach,"Although I have almost no hours on this game, I can tell some few things I have noticed while playing. Black Desert Online is   pay to play action mmorpg game. The game is very noob friendly. In the start it asks if you want to have a guide or no guide. With the auto run and auto quest running, quests are made easy. I made a new character and got to level 20 in about an hour or so. With each level becoming harder to reach. I can already tell that it will be very grindy once you reach higher levels. The pvp aspect of the game is probably the only reason why most players get the game. It gives me a Blade and Soul vibe. Skills can be casted by keyboard and mouse combinations or using the numberkeys on the top of the keyboard. The graphics are actually amazing considering that the game was released a while ago. With high optimization if you have a bad pc or laptop, you might be able to play on low settings with 30 ish fps if you are okay with that. You start to learn very quickly and get used to the controls. Like I said I only have 3 or so hours so I don't know much. But for a veteran in some other popular mmorpg's I have some experience. Grinding out places in this game is almost not worth it if you are not in the end game. If you level up once or twice in an area, the next quest bonus will feel like nothing. There are a lot of other stuff that I haven't mentioned yet. I like how there is housing in this game, making it feel more unique then other grind and pvp games. I can also see that pve players won't be left alone. Now there are a few things wrong with this game. The auto run or auto quest running is a little bad, but lets be honest if you are using it then you should be able to move around objects if you get stuck. The controls are easy to learn, but they give you too much at a time. So you find yourself trying to see what does what. Or just keyboard smashing. The story is a little bland. But that is just what you expect from a mmorpg. This story feels a little more unique than others though. The start also feels very slow and you find yourself running from city to city doing quests that you haven't done yet. The last con that might be a downfall for most players, is the gender locked classes. I don't really care about that one. Wrapping it up, I do reccomend this game to anyone. With its simple gui and user friendly introduction, there is no way you can hate it. Im just a casual gamer and this game fits me."
,Recommended,582660,32477194,Posted: 16 June,all,SchlitzCritz,"I like this MMO a lot.  I initially wrote a huge review talking about many aspects of the game and am now deleting it to just put it simply.  I like this MMO.  It's not for everyone, definitely not.  ...but it's for me for sure.  I've been online for 6 weeks straight minute a couple hours for patches.  Either actively playing or passively doing life/trade skills."
,Recommended,582660,33760338,Posted: 24 July,all,Clay,Oh my... I bought this game a while ago and didnt like it at all but after giving it a second try IM HOOKED! after figuring out the game and play for 8 hours this might just be my favorite game. It took alittle bit to figure it out not gonna lie but once you do its amazing!
,Recommended,582660,33178607,Posted: 3 July,all,joji,As long as you don't mind the XIGNCODE anti-cheat and a slight p2p then it's fine. Somewhat very similar to the other MMORPGs though this one is unique for me.Combat is mostly spamming skills and do combos which is fckng lit.The stuff for real money can help you a lot but you don't need them unless you are really devoted to this game.
76561198090448934,Recommended,582660,33761201,Posted: 24 July,all,Cozai,"Really loving it so far, there is a ton of depth to this game for just ten dollars. Came for character editing and combat, staying for fishing and trading."
,Not Recommended,582660,32936378,Posted: 28 June,all,@Marques,"Recommended this game a few days ago but nah, ♥♥♥♥ the RNG. RNG in horse breeding, gearing, quests and even in the ♥♥♥♥ing attendence rewards, sometimes you'll get them and sometimes it will end right before getting the rewards beyond 25 days. Didn't get my fine accessories box, F."
,Recommended,582660,33770703,Posted: 24 July,all,Damayati,"I absolutely love this game. The graphics are nice, for the people who like graphics.  PvP is fun, but I feel it is too stun orientated. PvE is great because of the many mobs.  I have had this game for a month or two and I am still discovering new places and creatures."
,Recommended,582660,33786352,Posted: 25 July,all,Zeldric,"Personally, I like this game but I am a veteran of Aion so I enjoy grindy games where the more time you invest the better results you get. The node management system makes me feel like I am playing Age of Empires which I grew up playing. The ""Whale style PvP"" can be frustrating to some but it really gives you a sense of real strength and power once you have finally achieved it. It's true that unless you are willing to invest the same time as others you will NEVER catch up to others' power levels unless you are willing to ""pay to progress faster"" which brings me to probably the most important point of this game. This game is not inherently ""pay to win"" but it IS ""pay to progress FASTER."" The cash shop is about buying things that make playing more convenient and lucrative for your time spent thereby reducing the ""overall grind."" Is it necessary? No. Will you wish you did it to ""keep up with others that do it too."" Yes. Does it make it ""pay to win?"" No. Some would say it makes it ""pay to keep your sanity."" Anyways, I love the node management system as well as the combat styles. For 10 dollars (even though you'll wish you spent more money on the game to become stronger) the game is totally worth playing for the amount of time you will invest in it."
,Recommended,582660,33112561,Posted: 1 July,all,ZoMbE,Great game but... the chat section of the sever is so cancerous its sad.
76561197970549412,Recommended,582660,33775630,Posted: 24 July,all,skwere,Great game if you like to grind.
,Recommended,582660,33788161,Posted: 25 July,all,SuperiorZeeko,"I'ts good... but now I lost my friends, wife, car, bike, house, p*nis, kids... By the wayEngland was my CITY..ye I lost that too.. 10.32/10 IGN"
,Recommended,582660,33798160,Posted: 25 July,all,iJoJo,fun game
,Recommended,582660,33800223,Posted: 25 July,all,LEETNATION.NET c4ptainism,Very addicting game with an overwhelming amount of content.
76561198394776038,Recommended,582660,32405697,Posted: 14 June,all,Kiss Switch,"I am in love with this game best graphics ive ever seen in an mmo. Although theres not really much of a story or im playing it wrong, but all in all best game. Sorry I dont realy have much to say."
,Recommended,582660,32579839,Posted: 19 June,all,JckChpmn,"Is the game good? Yes, no doubt about itIs the optimization good? 30fps on a 1080........ I'll let you decide for yourselfEdit: After changing things around, it runs fine now and the fact that the developers actually responded is amazing imo"
,Not Recommended,582660,33180468,Posted: 3 July,all,Black Hand,"I previously had a yes to reccomend, but recently it's been crashing to desktop a ton, as well as now I get a corrupted file error, I verify files via Steam and it says 2 files failed to validate and will be reacquired, it's not my ram like Google suggested, I've ran Steam on Admin and non admin, reset my pc etc, flushed dns, reset modem, etc etc, but it keeps crashing no matter what a few moments after I launch the game"
76561198109517536,Recommended,582660,33893383,Posted: 29 July,all,SirKage,-Deserves more cash-Buys outfit10/10 would buy again
76561198399234481,Recommended,582660,33867185,Posted: 28 July,all,Hitch Higgins,"There's quite a bit to it, at least it seems almost too vast and overwhelming in the beginning. After 25 hours, crafting, trading, gathering and node management begin to make sense. I have been following side quests and ignoring the Dark Spirit."
,Recommended,582660,32075884,Posted: 30 May,all,Tosfoy,What dev said
,Recommended,582660,33886169,Posted: 29 July,all,ElSpartan,"Addiction has set in, this game is amazing with well fought battles and skills, awesome npcs, an emersive world, just one warning, make sure you have a decent pc cause it does hit kinda hard, so if you dont have an amazing pc you still might be able to get away with playing it on low/medium, otherwise you definitey need to get this game."
76561198051710214,Recommended,582660,33894502,Posted: 29 July,all,Matt Powers,"I've been enjoying this game alot. Reminds me of eso meets witcherThree. It does take a bit to get use to. It is alot of reading so do not go in thinking its going to have full voice overs. Great character customization, marketplace, armor, weapons, mounts, quests, environment, effects, animations and battling. The only thing I don't really like is the anti-cheat program they use. It makes you turn off all your anti virus protection and you must allow this program to run on your pc. As for in game its awesome. May update this review as I play more."
,Recommended,582660,33751477,Posted: 23 July,all,jimmy beyblade,"ever want to contract legit autism?ever just had that urge to see constant spam about traps, alienware, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ politics?ever enjoy a game where there is so much to it you have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ you are doing?black desert online is the game for you.also to all you chinese immigrants who think this game is pay to win go suck off your dad"
76561198047871011,Recommended,582660,33948402,Posted: 1 August,all,lorenzodile,"Perfect life waster simulator. Unbelievable grind fest, someone might like it, someone not.60 gb of what i'm i doing with my life.Despite this the game is made pretty well, but if you're not gonna pay money you'll have to invest time in it. A lot of time."
,Not Recommended,582660,33692559,Posted: 21 July,all,armpitstank,"took 2 days to fix a crashing problem, an outfit and a weapon cost 30 dollars, and it's grindy af."
76561198148144313,Recommended,582660,33958986,Posted: 1 August,all,Big Slappy,yes
76561198258065913,Recommended,582660,33958597,Posted: 1 August,all,Cross,I literaly had to search up anime names on google and go to page ten to find one that wasn't taken. But after you complete character creation its pretty good.
76561198091400697,Recommended,582660,33961076,Posted: 1 August,all,リヴェン ボット,tbh best RPG of 2k17
,Recommended,582660,33960761,Posted: 1 August,all,Aesthetics,"Insanely addictive MMO. Everything in game can be bought with in game currency off the marketplace, if you have the patience. It does have a bit of a harsh learning curve, but it dosent take long to figure out how to play and whats going on."
,Recommended,582660,33966023,Posted: 2 August,all,Incise,"yeah it's cool, it's eaten a lot of my life away but it's nice ya knowits nice"
76561198202243636,Recommended,582660,33966647,Posted: 2 August,all,Maxonimusha,"THIS game is incredible, such good graphics,Chat options and gameplay and the customisation is the best i have ever seen. Its definitly worth a try if your thinking about it. Class's are amazing too!"
,Recommended,582660,33959186,Posted: 1 August,all,IntrovertedAtArms,"This game does have alot of ingame paying, but its 10 bucks nad kinda expected from MMO's. Some of the best graphics ive seen."
,Recommended,582660,33964129,Posted: 1 August,all,Zellatex,"Good game. I started watching SAO so I wanted to try to get into a MMORPG game. (Yes, very sad reason lol). But Im very glad I bought this game! Worth ten dollars. Character creation is beautiful! Really good game. My top mmorpg game."
,Recommended,582660,33965114,Posted: 1 August,all,deli,I enjoy laggy servers
76561198066630686,Recommended,582660,34107725,Posted: 8 August,all,☆The ℬorax Kid,"This game made me feel like I was back in 2007 playing WOW as a kid. It gave me so much nostalgia. A must buy for anyone looking for the perfect mmorpg game. Plently of quests, interaction with npc's, and real players."
76561198321415811,Recommended,582660,34108312,Posted: 8 August,all,Darthspence,"Amazing game if you don't mind grinding, like serious grinding. Combat is excellent and very fun.Cons: It is repetitive thats all I can really say8/10"
,Recommended,582660,34034753,Posted: 5 August,all,Winds Howling,"Great design, very immersive, fun combat, depth.. things you won't find in most MMORPG's. I'd recommend this game to anyone that is tired of the same typical boring stuff, and wants to play something that's fresh. Yeah there is some flaws, but that's most games these days. What you're getting for the price though, you honestly can't beat it. And yes, I'm really, really, enjoying this game. My most favorited MMORPG yet."
,Recommended,582660,34026703,Posted: 4 August,all,Ðґ ☾☺ḟḟℯℯ,"Games too amazing I had to quit asap or I would be addicted to it, from me 10/10 thumbs up for the epic graphics and combat style like Holy god damn...Will return to this game I would just hate to be so locked onto it."
,Recommended,582660,32795404,Posted: 25 June,all,Popeye,"So much good and some bad. I picked it up for $6 but it's very obvious early that you need to make in-game purchases to make end game viable, or the thousands of hours it takes to gear become tens of thousands of hours and broken 'R' key. I picked up $40 worth of in-game pets and buffs. The crafting system is incredibly complex and inviting but being able to farm mats while afk means that the servers build up afk farmers that eventually clog up certain areas of the map. Right now, I couldn't recommend this game to anyone but the most dedicated, mildly masochistic grind fiends and people who loved playing as a lvl 1 farmer in Runescape. That being said, I'm still playing."
,Recommended,582660,34003195,Posted: 3 August,all,Nobody™,Best game ever in my opinionalso so many things you can do in this game not just grinding you can do lifeskillpay2win = nogoldseller = no
,Recommended,582660,34005072,Posted: 3 August,all,[BLN] Seag,High-end PC settings looks great for a $10 MMO
,Recommended,582660,34007735,Posted: 3 August,all,Akuma Assassin,Black desert is a very immersive sandbox mmo it's got a huge sandbox open world with plenty to do life skills combat skills fishing hunting the questing is not so generic as many of the mmos out today it's very different and really worth a try 👌
76561198074145669,Recommended,582660,32309668,Posted: 9 June,all,Stubbz,Fun game but the level system is just awful quests fee like they dont mean anything and i went from level 1 to 52 and only did 3 quests i never even thought about it BECAUSE IT DOES NOT ♥♥♥♥ING GIVE YOU ANYTHING FOR YOUR CHARACTER just some contribution points for buying a house and some other things its ♥♥♥♥ing stupid but its a fun and really awesome world feels very alive so honest i could recommend this game for guys looking for a awesome world to visit
,Recommended,582660,34010485,Posted: 4 August,all,FloriLucem,It's a nice game but so much dialogue is forced on you.
,Recommended,582660,34006133,Posted: 3 August,all,ScarletReaper123,"Don't do it, you'll get addicted."
76561198154713398,Recommended,582660,31987896,Posted: 26 May,all,Cybertech345,Ok game
,Recommended,582660,34009295,Posted: 3 August,all,Ugly Heart,it's alright.
76561198165398287,Recommended,582660,34002381,Posted: 3 August,all,Giro224,"So now that I've got over a hundred hours logged on the game I figured I'd leave a review. It's not the best mmo out there, but it's definitely worth the price. A lot of people complain about the in games purchases system, which is annoying, but the game is at least in no way pay-to-win. The combat element takes a little while to adjust to (you need to memorize a new key combination for every skill) but actually ends up being a lot more fun and engaging than the standard ""press this number on the hotbar to do this"" system. My main complaint with the game is the way boss fights are set up. If you're looking for an mmo with complex boss raids and exciting dungeons, then keep looking. BDO has arguably the most anticlimactic boss system of any game I've ever played, which was disappointing since dungeons and raids are generally my favorite part of mmo's. However, the graphics are great, the world is enormous, and there are a great deal of activities to take part in outside of questing and grinding. For only being ten dollars, the game still manages to put out an impressive amount of enjoyable content."
,Recommended,582660,34005285,Posted: 3 August,all,Nyxa,"It takes a bit to figure things out and even 74 hours in there is still SO much for me to explore, learn and try. Really enjoying it."
76561197962654449,Recommended,582660,34004993,Posted: 3 August,all,cassastereo,"Unfair , brutal, Korean.Great MMO, true successor to Lineage 2."
,Recommended,582660,34018514,Posted: 4 August,all,Red,"Great Game, loads and loads of content. Love the diverse classes and combat system!"
,Recommended,582660,34095148,Posted: 7 August,all,Doctor Gnario,"Fantastic MMO if you're a lone wolf player. WIth friends, it's terrible. Can't trade anything worthwhile, All of you crafters out there can only sell it on the market. You can't make armor or anything and give it to a friend."
,Recommended,582660,34099365,Posted: 8 August,all,UraWizardAndrea!,Fun game so far. Tons of content in this sandbox MMORPG. Didn't know how to rate it up except this.
76561198136114436,Recommended,582660,34100259,Posted: 8 August,all,hpoonis2010,"Well, I managed to get this in an extreme sale for 5Euro. It is very busy indeed. I thought that Assassin's Creed Unity was a busy-looking thing but, being multiplayer, the amount on-screen blah detracts from any single-play solution.  The constant appearance of the will-o-the-wisp thing highights its (game) Asian origins and I find that cutesy crap far too sugary for my tastes.I tried for a few hours and have decided to tuck it away for future reference as, like an Anne McCaffrey novel, I found it difficult to get started on.Cannot post a review without a yay or nay to recommend.  I'll say this: if multiplayer adventures are your thing then it may be that this is your bag. For myself, I will not 'party' with others and, while the screen clutter can (apparently) be doctored to tastes, it will have to wait until I find nothing else to do so as to offer it a bit more dedicated time.  So a tentaive yes."
,Recommended,582660,34104683,Posted: 8 August,all,C0RVO,"Great Combat System, very diverse characters, cool marketplace, huge world, and can make new friends through the clan systems incase none of your friends are interested. Also need to put in a lot of hours to get the most out of the game and be able to match other players in skill level."
76561198056534710,Recommended,582660,33461764,Posted: 11 July,all,ℬƖɑɳƙ,"- If you have your names, that you  usualy use, you may not get them here. You have to choose two unique  names at the beginning. (Could be done way better)+ Awsome Graphics even without a highend graphicscard.+- A huge map.  Easy to randomly walk into a high level area  where you get killed instantly.+ A lot  of unique systems. Skills,Crafting, Horse... a lot more-  You  need to pay to expend your backpacksize to a point, where you dont have to go to a city every 5 minutes to sell stuff.  (It is expandable without real money, but takes a lot of time)+- Some bugs, or more glitches then bugs. Nothing game breaking and somtimes funny to see.After playing some hours I now can recommend this game.@developer: Good game, but you should think about changes to the naming system."
,Recommended,582660,34150565,Posted: 10 August,all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),First time playing an MMO and it was amazing
,Recommended,582660,34117121,Posted: 8 August,all,Sports Bra,"this game is interesting. (just an fyi the player base is def mature but the game itself is PG13) renaissance era game with fantasy powers (there arent enough fantasy creatures to consider it a fantasy game really)also if your ganna buy the game either get the generic one or the top end one but the middle tier is just best to save your money and buy a couple of pets, even saving the money from top tier and putting it into pets is viable.Graphics/physics: SGamplay: BMinigames (production n stuff): AWorld: B+Player skill reqs: low-averageNumber of players needed: 1+P2W: no, but it gets rid of the annoyances (like looting ie pets)long winded full review belowi think i spent more time playing dress up in the character editor then playing the actual game lol.  the body tone could use a little bit of work (some dude just went around with the texture brush and it ended up looking like the chicks have a skin condition i will be honest i didnt check out the dude that i made too much... i also have an excuse for playing around with a fem character the classes are gender locked its not that i want to stare at a hot chicks♥♥♥♥♥all day honest!...)the graphics are pretty good (the characters have pretty extreme graphics in the editor but in game they are average for high end graphics)  not only that but the graphics are pretty inteligently designed for a game (distent things blur out and shadow to reduce graphics load but it just looks like it should after all people doent see 2 miles/km away and expect to see the dimples in a girls smile (ya that should be pc enough...))the physics in this game are also pretty amazing (yes they bounce! (haha you just thought i was talking about the tittays, but you were Rong! its dat♥♥♥♥♥2))  anyway  they spent allot of time in graphics physics of the characters and graphics of things but started to lack graphics aroung the other parts  (standered 2d grass and tree leaves  in a 3d envire lol).ok now that ive gushed so much about the graphics its time for the gameplay.  simply put the gameplay is meh.  for those of you that are thinking its going to be a zelda ish combat of dodging bosses and cutting grass you would be dissapointed.  only certain monsters will actualy need to bother with dodging and thats only if you havent been leveling your gear.  though the dodge system is there and is useful you only truly get to use it end game (which is annoying for training noobs on it because dodging should be numero uno)  most enemies can be dealt with by simply spaming attacks and mild amounts of dodging away.  there is also no air combat(jumping falling etc.) (despite there bieng an air combat statistic its only for when you are on the ground...)the potions can be used every 3 secs so combat healing on the non-healing classes is still combat viable and the attack and defense is simplified into AP and DP respectively.  this means that just leveling gear up will increase yours stats no matter the gear(also the high end gear isnt realy worth it unless you are just trying to max your stats).  this leads to gear being kinda bland but also simplifying the system so you dont need to bring up spreadsheets to make a decent build.now monsters.  simply put they are bland.  they are all the same types of humanoid oppenents except for the rare few animal monsters (and yes animals no real inginuity there but i should mention the token steam punkish trash golems  there should be more golem types but they are the rare fantisy creature.)  the rest are just humans with so kind of facial deformaty... which now makes me feel bad for spending so long beating up the ugly kids... BUT THEY STARTED IT THEY TOOK OUR MINE!...  anyway... there realy arent any fantisy monsters in this game even the 'dragon'(another token fantisy creature add in the skeletons hidden away on the massive map and thats all the fantasy creatures i can think of... there isnt even a chokobo) looks more like a lizard with paste on wings then a creature of awe respect and power.  as for the water combat... there isnt unless you join a guild and make a point of it (ya dispite the pick you dont realy need to go into the water at all  nor the desert...)  the under sea monsters are blander.  all of the fish in fishing are actual monsters and all the monsters are actual earth fish whales etc.  not even a token cthulhu.  they can basicaly be divided into things i need to dodge because they are bosses and do alot of 1 hit dmg and things i dont.  (in addition the spain rates are killer and a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at peek times)the map is beutiful gigantic and detailed with alot of stuff around it to go find and play with (like nodes and workers)  and even though the monsters are kinda generic the map is awsome and you will have plenty of time to explore it walking or riding everyware... (dispite it being a bad thing its also not?...)other things.  there are allot of profesions to occupie your time with but only a few that have anything to do with regular play.  training helps your horsies level faster, cooking is obvious plus eating things increases bonus health exp, alchemy also obvious potions, production for making things you can't afford to buy off market because there is no trading.  and the company actualy embraces afk leveling.  the nodes are mostly for workers grinding away at materials needed for profs and end game item farming.comunity. slitly toxic/mature/troll but not completly horrible/unhelpful.  guilds are basicaly only for pvp (still havent joined one dispite getting into endgame) and though random pvping is a thing its also not something to be overly worried about."
76561198036393876,Recommended,582660,34160181,Posted: 10 August,all,The Grand Mugwump,"Black Desert Online is a gorgeous game with really cool ideas which balance combat and managing trade lines for profit.   I haven't felt a pay to win vibe so much as a pay to speed things up vibe.  Keep in mind this is a Korean game, so grinding is the name of the game, which shows when there are no level limits.  You can even grind your ability to run by auto travelling between destinations.  My major complaint with this game is that combat is so easy it becomes boring.  Run in a circle, amass 14-20 enemies behind you, wipe them all out with three abilities, rinse repeat until the quest is done.  Maybe the game gets harder, but I've yet to see it.  For the small price, this game isn't a bad deal though."
76561198277677510,Recommended,582660,34207188,Posted: 12 August,all,Ran,One of the best MMORPG's I have ever played hands down!
76561198091308225,Recommended,582660,34207303,Posted: 12 August,all,blee170,DoablePlayableyep :D
,Recommended,582660,34208528,Posted: 13 August,all,HotLoads,Great Game. Polished and full of so much content its overwhelming sometimes. I just started getting into the community and joining a clan. I highly recommend getting into a clan that is willing to help you. It is so easy to get side tracked into iterations of side quests.
,Recommended,582660,34202882,Posted: 12 August,all,Krypps,"THE BEST MMMMORPG EVER, CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION ON POINT."
76561198050938964,Not Recommended,582660,32082208,Posted: 31 May,all,Kostaros Lanorasiositas,"Third time to edit my review, this game becomes terrible and urgly.Cheating and exploitation are highly tolerated by the dev.If you have no idea what I'm talking about, just google ""Two Workers, One Node: Blade Boques and Kakao's Mismanagement of BDO Exploits""Last time update my review, (August 11)After about 900 hours play, this game teaches me two things1. gamble, gamble, and more gambles2. harrasment, harrasment, and more harrsments"
,Recommended,582660,34138809,Posted: 9 August,all,seauxsuite,"This is the game for you if you love World PvP. Also, the game play itself is really great. Kind of like Aion and Mortal Online had a baby and that baby grew up to kick WoW's butt."
,Recommended,582660,32796565,Posted: 25 June,all,MintSharpi,"Fun and atmospheric, plenty of content worth the cost. This game is worth it if you want a casual fun pve and guild experience... if you are wanting to be competitive in pvp uh you are going to have to sink lots of time and money in to this game. Also prepare to be griefed... a lot. This game has its learning curve but  the majority of the community will not take that into concideration so expect to be bullied out of leveling spots until you guild/gear up this community can be toxic elitists.Had lag issues not sure if still relevant but it has since been ""patched"""
,Recommended,582660,34158560,Posted: 10 August,all,JammyDL,Amazing Sandbox MMO.
76561198178292295,Recommended,582660,34155710,Posted: 10 August,all,Albino Humping Worm,At 1.4 hours I am thoroughly confused
,Recommended,582660,34206370,Posted: 12 August,all,Justcus,"I love this game. It a fresh look at mmo's in general the combo action based combat is awesome. I have several characters and 2 accounts I loved this game so much that i bought a account for my steam account.  The only thing I can say negative about this game is the Market Place. It needs to be redone. I should be able to purchase an item for what ever price I want to and not be stuck trying to get  the very limited amount of items that is the lowest price. E.G. there is 37k memory fragments for sale on the market. but you can only get the initial few that is being sold for the lowest price while trying for hours to get 20 memory fragments, when I should be able to buy any of the 37k on the market place. But no all I see is ""you can only purchase the lowest price item"", or ""the item is already sold"", ""item count invalid"" over and over. also the search functioon in the MP need fixed if you use the search function the market place get so laggy you can't buy anything at all."
76561198410705115,Recommended,582660,34222594,Posted: 13 August,all,namskyland,Great game
76561198083235415,Recommended,582660,34470148,Posted: 24 August,all,thedonser93,"its a good game for the price, becomes very very grindy though pretty quick. Also the market is just god awful SOOOOOOOO much RNG its basically pointless to try and buy anthing that there isnt hundreds or thousands of or you just lose over and over and over again it becomes immensly annoying. I don't think either of those will ever be addressed sadly. But other than that its a great game for the price."
,Recommended,582660,34468600,Posted: 24 August,all,Marvin,8/8 Would b8 again.
,Recommended,582660,34470727,Posted: 24 August,all,[RIP]Soupmonster,"Game was fun characters look good. It does get grindy, but there are alot of things you can do in the game."
76561198123031942,Not Recommended,582660,33179609,Posted: 3 July,all,KYMH,Welcome to loading simulator 2017!
,Recommended,582660,32014772,Posted: 28 May,all,WarrEn,get the achievements working again plzz
,Recommended,582660,33947360,Posted: 1 August,all,Shirax,"Well, I tested it a little bit now...you get a donkey. i lost my donkey like 20 times, it drowned and died in any possible way.great game, for the sake of the donkey 10/10 !"
,Recommended,582660,34224395,Posted: 13 August,all,GameJunky,"So I played a bit of this game lol.Actually while I am writing this review the game is still running and that I think where the games major fault is.So if you turn off your game for any reason the game punishes you by lowering the amount of energy recovered from 1 every 3 min to 1 every 30 min. Also your worker empire which is an amazing feature also grinds to a halt stopping any worker your workers were doing lowering how much silver a day you make passively.And honestly this makes the game kind of annoying luckily I have a pretty powerful pc so I can turn all the setting down and minimize the game and play a different one while its running in the background. But that not a viable option for most I would venture to guess. So now you have your pc running 24/7 and if it's not on the high end well now you don't have a pc you have a BDO playing box.Honestly that is the biggest down side form what I experienced in my time.Now on to the next small problem the semi-pay to win aspectNow is it turn pay to win hell no not even close. And for the people who would read this and get triggered I am not talking about costume selling when people buy costumes and sell them for silver (in game currency) they get about 1 Million silver per dolor. And that may sound like allot but honestly its nothing you can't buy anything with the 37M silver ($34) the cost of one outfits  on the in game player market place. when boss gear is worth 100M unleveled 37M is nothing. You need just under 600M just to get one boss gear item at any competitive level. So people who say the game is pay to win because you can buy silver are crazy.the reason I say semi-pay-to-win is because this game has a weigh system which is normal in game but you can buy more weigh your character can carry. now there are ways around it and its fine at first but it will grind you down to the point where spending money  on getting more carry weigh sounds like a great idea just to make life easy.Also ♥♥♥♥ horse flutes being bound to character and not family that is so annoying.Pets are important but you need 4 of them and yes they cost really money but you can pick them up on player based market place and I got all mine there it takes a few days of just sitting and sniping pets but it's not too hard to do. so that a w.e.. But yeah its supper important to have four pets. without pets your life becomes a pick item up simulator.The outfitss I mentioned before are also available for on marketplace and I got at least one for all but one character and 2-3 on my 2 favorite class so outfitss are totally possible to get and they give some bonus but they are not OP so that is nice.Okay so this is a Korean game that kinda only cares about Korean players. So don't expect any bugs to be fixed that aren't effecting Korean players that much and the meta to shift in weird untold ways, that only makes sense if you're not playing on the Korean servers. Also massive content patches take forever to get translated into English.SO now with all my♥♥♥♥♥♥I hate out of the wayThis game is really fun when you actually playing and not just running your computer to farm silver lolThe combat is amazing I played most class and well some class are pretty boring (to me) but once you get to level 56 and get your awakening skills all class that I played any who, become really fun. The combat is really fluid and animations and transitions between moves and skills fells really good. This has the best fighting system I have ever played with in any MMO and most other games.Whets even better if you're tired of grinding mobs you can do many different other activities like trading fishing hunting and many more interesting activities that don't evolve  you grinding mobs all the time. And most of the activities can bring in allot of silver for you 2 so it's not wasting your time.Also most of the community I played with was really fun to play with (get on discord its where all the help groups are) .BTW OMFG the graphics are amazing for a MMO. I mean I played several other MMO's in my life and all of them have such♥♥♥♥♥♥poor graphic but i was always like well okay it's a MMO I get it. now nope all MMO's need to catch the ♥♥♥♥ up this game is Graphical a 9/10 (hate scores but this had to be done lol)SO finnaly verdictcant turn off pc: - - - -Pay-to-win: -Horse Flute: - -Bugs: - -random♥♥♥♥♥meta changes: -Combat: + + + +Activities: ++Community: +Graphics: + + +Overall +It is a good game that has some really annoying parts and ♥♥♥♥ the fact that horse flutes are character bound and not family bound. The only reason I am giving this game a Recommendation is because the parts that are fun are really fun and there is no mixed recommendation check mark because honestly this is a mixed bag for me."
,Recommended,582660,34004594,Posted: 3 August,all,huey,cool game young blood(crazy good mmo experience how ever playing by your self right off the bat is a absolutly terrible ideaexperienceing this game is the best you can possibly have)
76561198128023235,Recommended,582660,34227433,Posted: 13 August,all,Marba,"Amazing game, 3 weeks and over 110 hours.A good computer and a good connection to the internet is sugested, but even if it is not the game still is palayable with an outdated computer.The only real complain I have for this game is that there are no value packs for someone who already owns the game, if there was a way to buy the packs in steam without buying a new copy. Then it would be almost perfect. Almost just because no game is perfect.9.999/10"
76561198122585539,Recommended,582660,34227503,Posted: 13 August,all,TJMAC25,"So as a first time MMORPG player, I can't stress enough how much I enjoy this game. The story may be a little hard to follow but I really enjoy this game. Also since this was my first MMORPG, the learning curve is very steep but after watching/researching on YouTube on what all that you need to do along with actually going through the tutorials and reading the little things that this game offers. This game is starting to get easier and easier to follow. I only had this game for a week before posting my opinions on this game so take it for whatever it's worth. The community so far for me is really cool and being a guild has me super pumped to try my best and contribute. Overall this is a great game to play. I wouldn't suggest this game if you simply don't have the time but you can AFK a lot of the certain skills needed to get going in the game. I would say give it a shot. I only bought the $10 package but I'm very satisfied with the game thus far."
76561198045690316,Recommended,582660,34367308,Posted: 20 August,all,Kildourne,"Its an MMO. CheckIt has kill X number quests. CheckIt has one of the best character generators in any game to date. CheckIts an MMO and as such there is only so much you can really do to make it more enjoyable then other MMO's out there, a fully seamless open world, beautiful graphics (for a MMO) an enviroment and econmy that is easy to get immersed in and a bunch of other cool little features that make it enjoyable4/5"
76561198082299063,Recommended,582660,34388236,Posted: 20 August,all,VioletBlackWings,"Only MMO besides Elder Scrolls Online I've ever enjoyed. If you want a more immersive MMO that does mroe than just combat grinding, this is the one!"
76561198382263962,Recommended,582660,33024410,Posted: 29 June,all,ninja tap,awesome game if you like mmo and rpg but you need a good computer like mine to run on medium graphics and that is a lot better then low whit medium you can have fun whit the world more because everything looks realistic if you play on a normal laptop of on normal pc you got to run on low thats less fun.
,Recommended,582660,32067654,Posted: 30 May,all,Tsaza,AFK fishing
76561198046397592,Recommended,582660,34435086,Posted: 23 August,all,Incanium,Do you want to lose your life?Do you want mindless grinding 24/7?Are ready to pay more on your electricity bill?If you answered yes to all of the above. BDO is the perfect game for you.
,Recommended,582660,32010144,Posted: 27 May,all,Coporate Commander,This action packed sandbox mmorpg is very well worth at its price! Tons to offer!
76561198302123298,Recommended,582660,34474456,Posted: 24 August,all,Nukerinater,"Black Desert Online is probably the best MMORPG I have ever played. My very first mmo was Silkroad Online and this one blew my mind as to the combat system, stunning graphics, and so many things to do. Most mmos all you do is quest and grind. Black Desert is the opposite of that. It has grinding and combat and quests, but along with that there are guilds, nodes, crafting, fishing, alchemy, and so much more overall this game is one of the best and worth the $10. 1 downside is the cash shop, I feel like for a costume for $30 is overpriced to me. That's probably the one downside. People think this game is p2w they are wrong it's p4c (pay for convenience). Also this game has 13 classes at the moment so there is a variety of classes to choose from for different play styles. If you like MMORPGS I would really recommend you check Black Desert Online out."
76561198047269909,Recommended,582660,34479304,Posted: 25 August,all,Xeather,The leveling is decently balanced but the mechanics can be overwhelming at the start.
,Recommended,582660,34425962,Posted: 22 August,all,JuStX2,"Ok So BDO in a nutshell: After the First 3 Hours you figure out everything is menial labor. At The 10 Hour mark you find out it's not so bad with references to the ingame cash shop. 50 Hours in you start to realize just what a gem that poor first impression was hiding of a game.That's my experience at the moment, Allow me to explains some things:Q:What is BDO?A:A Unique MMORPG with Survival/Crafting Elements. Simply Put it's Archeage done right without the bad management and poor community spirit.Q:Why did I flip my review on it's head?A:Because I finally started to invest enough time in the game to actually have it be fun.Also Allow me to list some pros/consPros:+The World is your osyter and you are set free to do as you like; although there is a storyline this is largely optional and you will level whether you take up a trade or actually engage in combat (which tbh I would be surprised if you didn't do both)+The game has a unique system where you can own an entire village of (instanced) houses (only 5 for personal use at a time) withg Different functions and forms. Many of the ""Higher End"" Crafting Agendas find themselves passing through housing a number of times.3. The Game isn't free; But it is designed to be played with a minimal investment: I am standing before you having spend a total of 19.99 on this game as a whole, the only reason I spent the extra $10 was because I wanted some minor cosmetic things which you'd be surprised what coupons they give rookies - it almost is easier to buy more than you need every time. I plan to invest a small amount more depending on how long I stay - Tbh I could justify $10/month for that Unlimited Dye Pack (Merv's Palette they call it).+ The Game is designed to be played solo - but with a overall community feel: While you can play the game completely alone - you will always have the community both helping and hindering your progress as you play; I mean this in more than a Kill Stealing Issue; The Marketplace Prices are set via Min/Max based on Supply and Demand. There's also several balancing features in place that make it more lucreative to work alone - but with the overall goal in mind.+One of THE Best Guild Systems in the Genre: You actually have 2 Kinds of guilds: Clans, Which are kinda like ""Pre-guilds"" and don't have  a setup cost or any advantages other than being able to talk to people and reserve a name and Guilds, which I might add full guilds CAN be operated by just 1 person (it won't get very far with the PvP Tho)+The Combat System is Action Oriented - So it plays out like a fighting game in 3d with MMORPG Mechanics. Additionally the Movement System is very parkour-esqese.Now to the Cons:-There is absolutely NO fast Travel in this game: You either walk it yourself (by mount or on foot) r or use their unique system to login an alt while your character automatically travels in the background. That said this is ideal for those who feel Fast Travel is kinda cheaty and unrealistic (which it is).-There are no (instanced) dungeons from what I can tell, there's only a huge world map and I've only been to a tiny region or two of it. Underground Places do exist but technically they're part of the world map itself.-Mobs respawn QUICKLY; This would normally be a pro; but with the amount of effort you put into killing mobs they respawn as soon as you finish looting the group - you will NEVER run out of enemies.-The game isn't exactly an easy one to learn; Even with video tutorials and a wiki there's information about this game even Google Can't find.And the Last Part is neutral+/- The Game is designed to take your damn time and eat it up like candy; If this is your ideal lifestyle then this game is for you' If you can't deal with a longterm or high level investment of time you might want to give it a pass (why are you looking for MMORPGS if you have no time?!)"
76561198081520517,Recommended,582660,34535942,Posted: 27 August,all,Zwijg Gij Bruine Rakker,nice xd
,Recommended,582660,34524045,Posted: 27 August,all,honoka,"I recommend this game to people who love a good grind. There are so much things to do and is definitely a game that is the text-book definition of 'Role-playing MMO'. My only problem with this game is the fact that you can only buy Kakao Cash in values of $10, $20, etc. Since the only thing I really buy from the cash shop is Value Packs, what would make it much easier on my wallet is to make it so we can buy them in values of $15 or 1500 Kakao Cash. That would be very helpful on my wallet. Other than that, I really recommend this game to all those who are looking for a game that requires you to put a lot of time into."
76561198404692246,Recommended,582660,34516803,Posted: 26 August,all,Volksmann,"World is huge, playerbase is strong and growing. Hands down the best combat in any MMO. Play it the way you want it, alone or with friends, works great either way. People will claim it's P2W and that is ofcourse not true, start fishing and you'll make a fortune in a couple of weeks! Give this game some time and you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,582660,32027023,Posted: 28 May,all,Dust,"What does this game offer?- Boob jiggle physics- Butt jiggle physics- Thigh jiggle physicsWhat more could a guy ask for?If you don't like playing as a woman, you're even allowed to play as a Neanderthal Berserker.Edit: Ended up getting bored of the game. Felt like a grind for nothing. Boob, Butt, and Thigh physics are really all this game offers. There's simply too much reliance on RNG and class balance is meh. I enjoyed the workshop empire and lifeskills, but the cash shops items were more than just cosmetics. This game advertises itself as a Buy2Play with cosmetics for convenience, but when cash shop items hide your name from other players and you are given the ability to pay money to speed up workers, the game is now a mixture of a Free2Play and Pay2Win structure. I really decided to stop playing because you need to invest a ton of time to be competitive if you are not willing to fork over money to catch up to pre-steam players and when school is about to start, it's better to stop playing an endless grindfest now than to waste valuable time trying to actually make playing this game manageable."
,Not Recommended,582660,33967759,Posted: 2 August,all,Desperate Destructor,"*****WARNING: YOU WILL MOST LIKELY NOT BE ABLE TO PLAY THIS GAME WITH JUST SPENDING 10€ FOR THE BASE GAME*****Why so?Cause you are going to need pets to efficiently grind for money in the lategame.What are pets?pets basically autoloot the loot for you.Well that wont make you win and doesnt seem needed to me!First of all the whole game looting is designed to make you have a pet, monsters drop loot with very tiny value everytimeyou kill one and a mob consists of atleast 5 monsters which you kill in 10 seconds.So what?So if you wanna make any money by grinding mobs you are going to need 4 (soon 5) pets for 10€ each.But you can make money using lifeskills right?Yes but you have to invest huge amounts of money to make it worth which only comes with actual money.But i can still grind without themYes if you wanna waste the rest of your life to do♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game its barely worth it even with pets.Otherwise?Otherwise its a great game.EDIT:With new update Kakaogames (the publisher) got too greedy and introduced faster (instant) processing by paying real money.Now downvoting even though the core game stil is really good."
,Not Recommended,582660,33980940,Posted: 2 August,all,Noctris,"I really want to like this game, I really do, but the game runs on afk,muti.acc,rng,and farm. The combat is interesting and char.creation is godly, but every time I want to speak it takes energy,If I want to go to the storage I have to transport my stuff from the last place I stored my stuff(Which costs in game money),If I want to get some things from an npc sometimes I have to talk(Which costs energy),If I want to gather something it costs energy,Riding for 20 minutes all over the place just to talk to a random dude then come back is awful to do ALL THE TIME,the marketplace is who can sit for 5 months trying to get one pet and hope you get picked out of 100's,making actually useful stuff impossible to get unless you eat,drink,and♥♥♥♥♥♥this game.In conclution the tedious stuff the game makes you do constantly hinders the actual enjoyment."
76561198267644925,Recommended,582660,34741145,Posted: 4 September,all,Temp,"I'm currently having a problem were after a few minutes of playing BDO my game ""crashes"". My game becomes completely frozez and I am unable to play. This goes on for a few minutes then returnes me to the main screen saying I have lost connection to the sever, then ultimatly closing the game. This has been happening to me over and over again which is very annoying. If there is a way to fix this please tell me. I would like to play this amazing looking game, but with this bug or glitch I can't. Thank you for your time."
,Recommended,582660,34099615,Posted: 8 August,all,Jake_Inverse,"The Graphics are beautiful, the characters in depth and diverse, the fighting fresh and new. That being said, you are gonna need to fork over quite a bit of money to play comfortably. Weight, and inventory slots, which are not shared among charactors its costly. At least pets fortunately are shared; but all the above are very necessity for progression. The cat which shows you where farmable resources are often  lights up the item you are already gathering; my opinion he would be much better off showing multiple spots on the mini map around you to gather. It is also very hard to find information regarding the game, like where to catch specific fish, and damage per hit. The community can be a mix of archaic and ignorant spiting out racist slurs, and sexest remarks you could set a clock too... Thank goodness for blocks and custom chats; the game would not be tolerable without. At the start the game can be intimidating as a whole, but once you get the swing of it, it flows well. Griefers and getting gear can be painful, especially with upgrading gear. Often I just want to call it quits; other players regularly do. The random number generator can be cruel, their is no question about that.. but with a good guild and tough skin it can be rewarding climbing the ladder. As I progress, i will update this Review. Feel free to message if you have any questions or further comments."
,Not Recommended,582660,33417175,Posted: 9 July,all,☯ DevilPanda,Pay To ProgressPetsValuepacksLimited SlotsSmall WeightAnd Trash Customer Support!Game Should Be F2P
76561198102470652,Recommended,582660,33068515,Posted: 30 June,all,Distam Scott,getting master 2 trading = resident sleeper
,Not Recommended,582660,32403284,Posted: 13 June,all,Helbjorne,"I can deal with RNG based gear progression, I can deal with having to grind hundreds upon hundreds of hours, I can deal with botters making more Silver than any player could possibly hope to, I can deal with the $100-200 paywall just to make the game enjoyable, I can even deal with a publisher that refuses to listen to its playerbase, but what I cannot deal with is having that publisher slowly push P2W features and microtransactions into a game that is still riddled with bugs, glitches, exploits, and poor netcode.I played for about 3k hours at launch, and another 1.5k hours now, and trust me, a year and a half later, it doesn't get any better. Steer clear of this one. If you'd like more information as to what's wrong with the game, feel free to check out thisthreadon the official forums."
,Recommended,582660,34644081,Posted: 31 August,all,Sick Kangaroo,"Great Game, Really good graphics for an MMO"
,Recommended,582660,34644970,Posted: 31 August,all,Logic,"Great game, different style than most MMORPG's and it takes time to learn the whole aspect of the game but it's worth it for the most part. The only downside to this game would be the fact that it is ""P2W"" influenced and you will likely be spending some money for pets and certain items in the cash shop. Overall the best MMORPG I have played in a long time..."
,Recommended,582660,32294252,Posted: 9 June,all,mechanical flowers,Not a very addicting game.
,Recommended,582660,33308057,Posted: 6 July,all,Justinrofl,I like this game alot its not that i can't stop playing its just fun to play when i have time.I  am not telling you to buy this without hesitation.Please research the game if you really want to buy it. I wanted it really badly and when i bought it i have been playing it for days now. Its not that fun anymore.
,Recommended,582660,33854361,Posted: 28 July,all,jakepauler4lyfe,Great
76561198063913127,Recommended,582660,33967569,Posted: 2 August,all,Neutronux,"Pro:Graphic is amazing. If you play BDO it's (currently) hard to play another RPG afterwards.Getting a house and some further ones for your workers does not cost real money.Getting a horse or more horses and breed horses or a horse-drown buggy does not cost real money.Getting a boat does not cost real money.Getting a ship does not cost real money.Getting a very beautiful charachter does not cost real money.Cooking and alchemy works well.Very detailed and different environments (wet castles, dry deserts, large woods with ogres, large (usable) ocean where you can dive or fish or make quests) without any loading time.Day/night and weather system (wind before storm).Combat looks very, very well and combos are fun against NPCsCharacters are very polished as well as the animations in game (very good job). IK lots of different animations (dive, climb, sleep, ...) and physical based rendering.Neutral (could be good or bad):Weapon grind is limited. Almost everyone gets a good armor the first few hours... that have to be upgraded again and again (and upgrading fails again and again). The only really different weapons  (that got good advantage if fully upgraded) are the ""boss armors/weapons"" that get dropped (rare) at those bosses that spawn each day. If you played PoE this might be a bit ... different. No ""magical"" items and just a hand full of ""rare"" boss items (that yet again are pretty crap at start but get a bit better than the mainstream ones if fully upgraded).Don't plan to pay 10€. House and horse and workers does not cost extra. Pet is different (about 10€). I would strongly recommend to buy at least one pet - better two pets. If you join some boss battles (lvl 50+) for the chance of a lucky drop and have to fear about your reward (after you die and respawn various times) because everybody is blocking you (while your pets just runs through them (without collision) and bring the loot to you automatically) is annoying. BDO is still cheap if you buy one or two pets compared to other MMORPGs but I think it's not really complete without.Cosmetic items for real money even give bonus for grinding (10%) and give some other boni. I would not say p2w (no stats that give you combat bonus) but it's too expensive. If they would not take money for each character that you own again I'm pretty sure I had spent further money into BDO - but I'm not going to pay further 30€ to get some cloth for only one character or to fix my too small inventory at only one character, ...Con:Leveling up from 1 to 50 is too easy. You could steamroll pretty every NPC-enemy but you visit different places and find different detailed enemies so it's ok at this point in playtime. Leveling up from 50 to 56 starts getting boring. You are still motivated 50-56 because you could get your awakening weapon at 56 (better skillset/weapon that makes your first one almost obsolete). After lvl 56 it is getting very boring and grindy. What happened to my lovely BDO? Hello Korea-RPG. You could visit the desert (with nice ideas like disabled minimap and real survival aspects) but the NPCs in the desert kill you with ease... some (""dungeon"") just oneshot you away without giving any reason to engage them (risk/reward broken). This is an drastic difference from ... ""extreme easy"" to ""get shot like toilet paper"". Difficult could be ok (if done right)... but it even feels a bit ""finished"" at that point. Why grind (literaly) hundrets of hours any further?The only reason to grind from 56 to 60 is to increase your (invisible) stats regarding PvP. Many gilds search players 58+, 59+ or with some gear score (upgraded items) that is far away from a fresh 56. So either you like grinding and killing thousands of same NPCs again or again many many hours or you are done with BDO at that point. What about getting better with real skills at those combat-combos? They does not matter (that much). Gear upgrade (boring/frustrating) and grind-lvl (boring/frustrating) count much much more.Risk reward in upper levels is unbalanced. Killing very difficult enemies? Does not matter if it's not thousands of them.Farming sites in medium/upper levels are overfarmed. Sausans, sausans, sausans, pirates, elrics. It's not only that you should do monotone grinding it's grinding with fighting for your boring-time.I could still recommend it because for the time it made fun (excluding hardcore-grinding without any real target or motivation after 56) was worth the money with ease."
76561198047818630,Recommended,582660,34704740,Posted: 3 September,all,junujay,"I played alot off MMO's, and right now everything seems to be the same game. I'm still new but i love how different it is, i missed being a noob. Its a more unique take on MMOs and im liking it,"
76561198087517795,Recommended,582660,32357104,Posted: 11 June,all,kimo,Amazing Combat
,Not Recommended,582660,33020361,Posted: 29 June,all,Squaddette,Lmao ♥♥♥♥ enchanting
,Recommended,582660,32406196,Posted: 14 June,all,stopsigns_,"I have spent alot of money now on the game just to AFK. $300-500I just have hope that there will be content for PvE or PvP other then just your character stats/ wealth.I have 2k hours in the game, but I only played maybe 300 hours.So if you like grinding to no end for nothing but hopes and dreams, then this is the game for you!Guild Wars did it best when you could be any level / gear level to do PvP and the PvP was fun.WOW arena is the highest skill level(in mop) that I have seen in an MMO.=========================================================================One thing that I would really like to see is more grinding spots for exp/money for ppl over lv 56-58 and even more exp / silver for 58-62. A nerf to pirates exp/ silver and buff desert grinding spots."
76561198239678026,Not Recommended,582660,34330723,Posted: 18 August,all,Windx15,over 1k hour spent close to 100$ probably over and i may as well regret it with how the classes are starting to feel uneasy as the classes with mp has a harder time gaining it back while with wp in a blink it gained back so fast everything in this game is unbalanced as the developers keep lopsiding all the classes as for life skilling kinda useless when u progress very slow when you want to get that action pack fun when once u buy it sigh anyways cons overides the pros nothing else to say.Just grind away.
,Not Recommended,582660,35073302,Posted: 19 September,all,° LumeN [天皇],"I rather grind the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of games such as WoW FFXIV or GW2, not some♥♥♥♥♥♥korean mmo that promotes itself as B2P yet it offers options that you can find in mobile games like ""FINISH THIS PROCESS NOW FOR ONLY THIS AMMOUNT"". some kids really need to take a step back and understand how bad this is.One mile long, one inch deep"
,Recommended,582660,34267117,Posted: 15 August,all,Kitozano,RNGesus Bless me!!! No longer an atheist..
76561198177771171,Not Recommended,582660,34827352,Posted: 8 September,all,FlintGreene,"PLEASE READ!GRINDING IS TOOOOO MUCH! I would recommend this for HARDCORE players. like building a ship will take 3-4months of grinding/cutting trees. like you will only play cut-the-trees for 24/7 for 3 months. WTFFF! if you're a very competitive player this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stupid game. if you're not then its good for you.Everything to level up here at the higher level is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ insane. there are more expensive games than black dessert online but they're much worth my electrticty bill. if you're gonna look at the big picture, the cost of this game is much mooore expensive and very stressful and killing the same mobs over and over and over...ohhh please the game wants my whole life.In reality we're like workers of KAKAO and they don't pay us. WE PAY THEM hahahathey're suppose to be giving us our needs and satisfaction.this is my 2nd nexon mmorpg...wooooooooooo"
,Recommended,582660,35337251,Posted: 30 September,all,Hentai,Don't fall in to the AFK trap! It made me lazy. Play the game. Just look at my hours. 80% was afked.Nice game tho.
76561198047680270,Not Recommended,582660,33087001,Posted: 1 July,all,kmkl,"Black desert has good graphics, lot of content good character creation and beatiful characters and very large world.Cons what i find in game are:- Value pack 20€, u need buy it every month to worth selling anyhing on marketplace, it also gives more weigh limit, + more benefits.-Gender locked classes.-Pets, u need buy them lot of with real money to worth grinding monsters. ( You can loot lot faster and that way gain lot more money)-You have to buy weigh limits with real money so u can actualy carry decent amount of potions + loot/gold.-You can buy costumes with real money and sell them at marketplace and gain fast good gear P2w.Artisan memorys are p2w. 3x faster repairing.-Low amount of decent farm spots, (getting pked most of em) bosses are also only few.-Losing xp when killed by bosses and monsters, * Buy elions tears with real money and no more xp lose. another p2w advantage.-Failstack system very bad. (enchanting)-Players who makes most damage to bosses usually take all good loot.-Players can gift pearl items and ppl abusing it to ask pearl items in return to sell something to them.Marketplace needs 100% refesh all the time and que times removed. (Hard buy items from marketplace)This game should be free to play because u have to buy almost everyhing before u can enjoey game completely. Stay away from this game."
76561197996709825,Recommended,582660,32871407,Posted: 27 June,all,waaaaag,"the only regret I have is that I didn't buy the explorer's pack, you can't upgrade later.Fighting is skill improvement with skill points and actually doing combos.Character creation is extremely good...all those sexy ladies you can adjust to your liking (not kidding but whole game is worth just for that).I have trouble with resolution when playing on my TV and there is sometime lag but many activities you can do in this game make it a spectacular experience...also boobs."
76561197993023168,Recommended,582660,35357898,Posted: 30 September,all,MrSeriousBsns,"High learning curve and no beginners tutorial, but this is a great game for min/max'ers. You can play it for hours or you can log in for 15 minutes to manage an army of NPC workers. This game, like warframe, sports amazing action based combat and lets you do whatever you feel like in a relatively open sandbox environment. 10/10 - will play for hundreds of hours."
,Recommended,582660,35395306,Posted: 1 October,all,No Weed Nico,"It's a polished game that requires a heavy amount of patience for the grinding it forces you to undergo. It's fun to zone out, but I personally like a more dynamic game. Still worth the price.8/10 Would buy for 6$ again."
76561198102906360,Recommended,582660,34097456,Posted: 8 August,all,Heroes Never Die,"I'm going to first address the claim that many people are making that this game is pay to win. It's not. It is however, pay for convenience, which is a little annnoying, but the only things you'll find yourself really needing is a pet or two that will pick up loot fpr you when you're grinding, and value packs (which you can most likely get with in game money). And yes, this game is a big grind, which i believe is a big reason for the mixed reviews. You're most likely going to love or hate this game. Personally, I didn't mind the grind too much, and I sort of enjoy the life skill and money making part of the game. You get to build a worker empire all around the map, which will get you resources that you can then use to cook process, etc. There's also fishing, which is a popular lifeskill among players. You fish, process, gather, cook, horse train, etc. to make money and buy things off the in game marketplace. A lot of lifeskilling will be done afk, so if you don't like the idea of letting your game run for hours while you're doing something else, then maybe this isn't for you. Additionally, there's a ton of different classes and a great character creator with tons of options. The combat is probably the best part of the game. Each class has its own combat style and combat skills, and at level 56 you can Awaken, which opens up all new skills for your character. One of the bigger annoyances and downsides to the game is the unbelievable amounts of RNG involved. In this game, you have to enchant your gear to make it better. This is an overly complicated process, and I won't get to much into it, but essentially you'll have to spend millions upon millions of silver just to get that one piece of gear fully enchanted, and with each enchant the chances of another successful enchant decreases. You have to build up failstacks to ensure that your enchants won't fail and destroy your gears durability. I'll let a guid explain that process, as it took me a while to figure it all out. There are a lot of complicated parts to this game, and it will take you a while to figure it all out, but I encourage you to not let that deter you or make you give up. If you don't mind the grind and don't mind spending a little bit of extra money on a super cheap game, then definitely get Black Desert Online. I encourage everyone who's considering buying it to get it and try it out. Play it for a good while. The game costs $10, you don't have much to lose."
76561198257592156,Recommended,582660,32039470,Posted: 29 May,all,(｡◕‿◕｡),meh
76561198014064913,Recommended,582660,35429963,Posted: 2 October,all,Falkar,best gem eva!
,Not Recommended,582660,35439819,Posted: 3 October,all,CHAZSTICKS,"This game can be very addictive, but becomes very boring, very quickly. I found that farming mobs to get xp was too repetitive for me, which made me less motivated to level up my character. It would be nice if the quests had more of an influence towards your level, and if the quests were actually more exciting and not just talking to a bunch of npc's.The pvp and general combat system is incredible in this game. I still play it so I can do pvp, but I don't like farming at all.Another part which put me off the game was the fact most things you have to pay for, to get a decent bonus. For example, when you purchased 6000 pearls or more you would get a value pack and 2000 pearls if bought within that time. I was a few days late, and it just made me feel like they are forcing you to buy more pearls. Just a few days before this started I spent 100 euros, so it's not like I haven't spent a bit already.My point is, a lot of this game is based on spending actual money, although at the same time you can get a good experience if you don't spend as much - you wouldn't be getting the same if you compare yourself to a player who's spent 1000s of euros, which a lot of people do."
,Not Recommended,582660,34870863,Posted: 10 September,all,rarestep,█▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀█░█░░░▀▄░▄▄▄▄▄░▄▀░░░█░░▀▄░░░▀░░░░░▀░░░▄▀░░░░▌░▄▄░░░▄▄░▐▀▀░░░▐░░█▄░░░▄█░░▌▄▄▀▀▀▀█░░░▌▄▄▀▀░▄░▀▀▄▄▐░░░░░░█▄▀▀▐▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░▀▀▌▄▄▄░░░██░░░▀▄░█░░░█░▄▀░░░░█▀▀▀░▀▄░░▀░░▀▀▀░░▀░░░▄█▀░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▄░▀▄░░░█░░░SPOT░░▄▀█░░█░░█░░░█░░░TAKEN░░░█▄█░░▄▀░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░████▀░░░▀▄▄▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▄▄█▀
,Recommended,582660,33394354,Posted: 8 July,all,Haypop,Horse Simulator/AFK Simulator Of 2017Much love <3 8/10
76561198096328669,Recommended,582660,35389301,Posted: 1 October,all,Eon Shatterblast,"the main difference i see in this mmo to others it the freedom to go and do what you want ... the ""story line"" is kinda not important its where you want to go and what you want to do and be that is"
76561198370301010,Recommended,582660,35355929,Posted: 30 September,all,Ethan rawrz xd :3,Endless wandering and a really cool combat system with thousands of quests to complete 👌👌
,Recommended,582660,32834156,Posted: 26 June,all,Piro Fyre,"This game is pretty good and addicting.Why negative?  Because I just tried to re-login and connect to any random server 5-6 times.  All of those times, I get cannot connect error.  I don't know why but the whole game closes after clicking OK on the error screen too.  I really want to play and enjoy the game some more but I just cannot connect to any server to play this game.  It played just fine last night.  I really didn't mind the lag at all since there were a lot of people connected at once so understandable but not being able to connect at all just to play?  Come on now.Update: I decided to give it some time and have now tried to connect 15 times.  2 out of those times, I was able to get into game but after trying to kill an enemy for a while, I realize I already lost connection to the server.  Again.  And I lost the connection within seconds after loading into the game.  I have now lost all hope in trying to play this game and in the process of uninstalling.  One of the very few MMOs I actually enjoyed playing when I first bought it but I can't even connect to a server now.  Until the devs do something about overloaded servers, I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.Update #2: Playing this again a few months later and I can say they didn't just fix the not being able to connect to a server issue but fixed a lot of lag.  I can recommend this game like I wanted to now."
76561198095698281,Recommended,582660,35454610,Posted: 3 October,all,Raeko,"Beautiful game, love how puddles from the precipitation stay even after the rain disappears as opposed to drying up as soon as the rain stops, which exclaims how even though it's a fictional fantasy game, it portrays great amounts of realistic features. In terms of audio, the music is perfectly fitting, the character monologues are easily understandable and the extent of different abilities available is pretty vast.I play with i7 4790k and GTX 750 Ti (which I didn't expect would run the game at incredibly high settings) though, I keep most of my settings at 'high' and it still runs at a moderate 40 fps.The only things I disliked was: the fact classes are set to certain genders, e.g: the archer is always female, and how the game seems repetitive once you attain the level of around 57, but I don't doubt they will add more features. Game's pretty cheap now, go buy."
,Recommended,582660,34189020,Posted: 12 August,all,Andreas,"If you can get past the complex learning curve and some annoying RNG mechanics later on, I would say this is one of the most unique, deep and rewarding MMORPG's out right nowalso, if you have an addictive personality, or you're a hardcore completionist (both me) then this game is literally crack in MMO form.9/10"
76561198094046566,Recommended,582660,35433910,Posted: 2 October,all,Mephisto Pheles,"The gameplay is pretty dang repetitive, graphics are outstanding, story is kinda difficult to follow. So far everything else is meh. OK game I wouldn't have priced it at $10 it feels more like every other free to play mmo with better graphics."
76561198261549183,Not Recommended,582660,35435261,Posted: 2 October,all,thekaleid0cat,Game was very unstable. I lost connection to the server/crashed every few minutes.
76561198282335761,Not Recommended,582660,35434058,Posted: 2 October,all,2uesday,"I purchased this game because the graphics looked good and such. Once it was done and I launched the game it had KANOGAMES and then ""Stopped Working"" Please help me! Or refund!My Alienware 15 R2 specsi7-6700HQ CPU16GB RAMNVIDIA GTX 970m"
,Recommended,582660,35457182,Posted: 3 October,all,scientificPortals,"Really fun game , alittle confusing and vague at some parts , but once you get into it .. good stuff to play with friends. Also warning to the people who want to buy cool accessories for your character , you gotta be willing to pay 30$ for an outfit."
,Recommended,582660,35457223,Posted: 3 October,all,heh,it's all i could ever want from a game
,Recommended,582660,35453988,Posted: 3 October,all,ＴＨＥ ＢＡＴＨ,this game to ez so far but still good game
,Recommended,582660,35472094,Posted: 4 October,all,fat belguim,realy good game luve it
,Recommended,582660,35478859,Posted: 4 October,all,Dinnuu,yeh its okay haha
76561198007127534,Recommended,582660,35479386,Posted: 4 October,all,ImSerberus,i see boobs i press like! simple as that! <3anyway this game has very good graphics and combat system for an mmo
,Recommended,582660,35503839,Posted: 5 October,all,Kinrian,For someone who enjoy exploring i find this game rather fun. Black Desert isnt a game which hand holds you thoughout the game but instead let you play at your own pace. For my first tip is dont play it like a average mmo where you rush to level going to next grind zone to next grind zone but instead just take your time and find a balanced between exploring and grinding. Granted this game is grind festa and RNG is annoying as hell which is a bit on of the downside. But overall i recommend this game if your willing to play with casual friends and a nice change of pace. Be like me and get lost in the Ross Sea at level 14 because i saw a boat to ride and took a 45 min voyage.
,Not Recommended,582660,33270851,Posted: 5 July,all,Magica,"Nobody is noticing the eternal torment we're living through.This game is Hell. We're all in Hell. There's nothing left inside me. This game sucked everything out of me. I can't feel pain anymore, I can't feel happiness or anger. Just a perpetual sadness. I came for the waifus and left with neverending depression and despair."
76561198188329061,Recommended,582660,35506069,Posted: 5 October,all,diaoyuzhifa,good
76561197995466919,Not Recommended,582660,35507414,Posted: 5 October,all,=ZC=Tasty Morsel,i love MMORPGs . sadly i found this one to be not fun. though the graphics where decent.
,Recommended,582660,35506662,Posted: 5 October,all,Hookworm,AFK Fishing Simulator
76561198071478513,Not Recommended,582660,35504405,Posted: 5 October,all,Shinde Kudasai,"Game doesnt even work,  launcher either crasher right away or when Im trying to verify the account. Tried restaring the PC and Steam, runned with admin rights, tried to download the .bat file as recommended by devs. Refunding, ive spent more time trying to get the game to run than playing. Ages after release and months after coming on steam. Ill rather support developer that is not completely incompetent."
,Not Recommended,582660,35506890,Posted: 5 October,all,White Ranger,"Great amazing looking game but it lags it's♥♥♥♥♥off, even if you have a good pc like mine. I would like to play but it does not run well. Even when I run the game at the lowest settings it runs like I have them on full."
,Recommended,582660,35509759,Posted: 5 October,all,Profile Name,"Black desert Online is a pay to win grind fest. However, it has awsome graphics and fanstatic combat.For $10 you will get your moneys worth but dont expect to be player for longer than about 50 hours unless you wish to spend more."
