user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,583010,30608822,Posted: 18 March,all,DC,"Been waiting for this on steam for a long time, had an issue on install got direct support as soon as it was noticed. The functionality is awesome. I downloaded a profile from the Frontier forums and I was off. Highly Recommended.So I've spent a couple of hours playing with this on Elite, the profile I downloaded fromherewas for a joystick, so I've reconfigured the main navigation commands the panel commands and it works wonderfully!Being that I'm the ONLY review, I'll go a bit deeper for you. The program has some very advanced features using 'if' statements, loops, random variables (which is my favourite allowing you to play a random soundfile from a list) anyone with the slightest bit of knowledge can get some pretty awesome macros going all controlled by your voice, button presses, mouse clicks or even other commands.I have a thick accent, and after a little tinkering with windows learning my voice, it works nicely!Done some more digging on the web and found a free voicepack for Elite comes with a set of binds, doesn't seem to be as complete as the one I posted previously, but the custom audio is amazingClick Here"
,Recommended,583010,33574866,Posted: 15 July,all,PH1LT3R_NZ,"VOICEATTACK vs VOICEBOTI'd like my review to help you choose between these to great programes.You won't notice a lot of difference between the two if you're just planning just to yell ""reload"" and ""move there""  in a couple of your favourite games, but if you want to really refine your commands and use voice recognition software for complex tasks or a wide range of games, read on...For me, there were three big bonuses for using VoiceAttack over VoiceBot;#1.  Good news if you speak English with a Kiwi, Aussie, South African, Indian or other accent.I'm from New Zealand, my accent in English isn't always recognized well by software that uses either ""American"" or ""British"" recognisers, but VoiceAttack uses the built-in windows speech recognition to great effect. Meaning if you're like me and you've already trained windows speech recognition to follow your accent, it'll work perfectly straight out of the box.#2. It allows a bit more fine control over the programming of your voice commands.If you want to use it for applications besides just your games, you'll find this handy.  Steeper learning curve than Voicebot, but worth it.#3. Better control over MS WindowsTucked away in the command options are fucntions for controlling Windows.  Just makes it easier than VoiceBot.Either software you choose, you're getting a good deal.Google ""Dragon Naturally Speaking"" and see what that'll set you back.  Yeah, that sh*t ain't cheap.Good luck!"
,Recommended,583010,32235577,Posted: 7 June,all,ҸђآζҜįđ,"I decided to buy this app for ""Star Citizen"" so I loaded it from steam because I have most of my games in here and find it really convenient to have everything at one place and up to date.After installing and opening it I first needed to setup my profile. Theres many to download on the net but since I like to do this myself to get the hang of the way things works I did this on my own and I need to say that this really improved my gaming experience right away.- I lock my missiles and fire them, start counter meashures against enemy attacks, focus different targets, or lock the gimbals for my weapon systems without the need of taking my hands off the controls which is really awesome.- Then I got a bit crazy with it and tried if it would work to automatize the entire interaction with the cry astro service stations and it really works spot on. I´ve just set up a prefix and programmed suffixes with mouse coordinates, delays n clicks. Really awesome.- This really makes me curious for the Star Citizen alpha 3.0, so i can set up voice attack to assing weapons to groups and other functions which will be reactivated with the new MDF´s in game.- Another good thing is that you can output feedback messages via the windows text to speach engine. This is not only just cool, it also gives you feedback about if the macro was triggered if the game itself doesnt do it and even contributes to the immersion.- If you want to have it even a bit more fancy, you could download voice packs like for example the ""Alix Voice Pack"" from hcsvoicepacks. Alix is the lady who did the voice over for all the Anvil Aerospace ships in Star Citizen which is pretty cool. I didnt load it until now because SC is still in alpha and im not quite sure if they will update those packs in case future versions of the game will introduce new functions. But if they do I might go for it, though its only adding a nice touch to it but aint nesseccary at all.- one thing I need to mention is:You dont need to switch your windows system to english in order to make Voice Attack recognize english commands. Simply add them to the text to speach engine. This also works if you talk with an accent or if you want to get sure macros will be triggered to 100 percent, even if you talk very fast.- Should you have a very good idea for a new funktion VA needs and which could also be cool to use for all the other users then just write them an email. They will answer as soon as they can, but please keep it short and simple to reduce the answer time and dont flood them with requests.- In the next days I will definitely make a video and publish it on youtube to introduce you guys to Voice Attack. Just find me by searching for ""The Whizkid""The Video:https://youtu.be/RZOpidapLewA big thank you to the guys from Voice Attack! Youre awesome!"
76561198289139980,Recommended,583010,34652772,Posted: 31 August,all,xponent,"Prior to finding this software, I mostly played games that did not require a heavy amount of keyboard input, due to a physical disability/being in a wheelchair. I now play games like Tom Clancy's: The Division, War Thunder, and Elite Dangerous, without a problem. This is fun for the casual gamer, and something he or she could use on occasion, if they were in the mood; but, for someone with a physical disability, that has either lost, or never had, the ability to use their mouse and keyboard simultaneously for gaming, this opens up a whole new world for them. This software can be as simple or as complex as you need it to be. I use it for literally all my keyboard needs while gaming, and would highly recommend it to any person who has a physical limitation in their hands."
,Recommended,583010,31836745,Posted: 19 May,all,jimbobslimbob,"Wonderful piece of automation/macro/scripting software that can be tailored to do exactly what you want with it. From what I have seen of VoiceAttack so far, it surpasses (previously used) VoiceBot in every way. It's simple to use with the ability to extend its use via scripting. It even featured ""dynamic commands"", where a command can alter depending on a certain input from the user. It's really good and I find myself coming up with new ways of using it every day.Within half an hour I had set up a complete profile for voice commands, ranging from launching programs, launching and recording a stream in OBS all the way to interacting with Plex (my media center) via voice commands.Jimbo Rating: 9/10"
76561198026203412,Recommended,583010,33893248,Posted: 29 July,all,Dookalyon II,"This makes playing Elite Dangerous even more awesome, shucks I like it so much I use it outside of Elite for automation. My only gripe is that the voice packs are not available on steam... other than that this is one really amazing piece of programming kit, heartily recommend it.Voice packs tho... please make it happen steam... I only purchase online using steam so HCS please find a way to make your voice packs available on steam as well.thanks for this amazing software!"
,Recommended,583010,33368390,Posted: 8 July,all,CerberusAlpha,"Some of my gaming experiences have become much more emmersive because of VA.It gives me great joy to bark orders at NPC team members and have them obey like good little drones when playing combat sims, and in space/flight sims it is almost a must.Apart from gaming, it also increases my productivity when programming as I use it for managing code snippets, templates, refactoring and debugging commands and I have even trained it to help build and optimise database queries by voice command.This is a great piece of software!"
,Recommended,583010,30997974,Posted: 7 April,all,TheLivingKing2,Wonderful Software. I use it for playing Star Citizen. I also use a HCS Voice Pack. Works like a charm!
76561198054587231,Recommended,583010,32793878,Posted: 25 June,all,gamer1159,"So this has been actually tremendiously useful. I mostly only use it to operate side sections of my PC while gaming like my music, volume, teamspeak, discord, skype stuff like that. I also like using it in games such as battlefield where i can say ""reload"" and have my character peform the action and not have to take my hands off of WASD and continue fluently moving whilst reloading. I also like to use it for things such as the mask function and so on. its a touch tricky to get used to but i find it a very nice alternative to setting up a million macros for stuff. I could especially see how this could be extrememly useful for games like MOBAS or flight sims or any type of simulation ttitle for that matter."
,Recommended,583010,33708117,Posted: 21 July,all,「Blank」DarkZone,"I can't express how happy I am with this little toy, I am using it for everything and works so well and its so fun! :)Background story:I am a C# Senior Programmer and I was looking for something I could use for fun and for productivity. VoiceAttack nailed it.I did a lot of research before spending my bucks, and I just found that Gary, the developer (hi Gary, I know you are reading this) is very active and kind with the comunity, this plus the great documentation made me spend the 11,99€ without even trying the demo, I didn't care if it worked or not, just as a donation for Gary who deserves for over 7 years of work and still mantaining the good mood. @Gary great dedication dude, you deserve more appreciation.The app as far as I used it is perfect.However, as a constructive feedback for Gary: the documentation needs bookmarks / table of contents urgently. I love the extensive documentation you made but its a pain in the *** to work with until you memorize the page numbers.Also I would add the hability to send commands based on process name, for example with Spotify the window name is constantly changing per-song and I am unable to change the application volume from the ""Set Audio Level"" UI. I don't doubt that there will be a way to do it programmaticallly and I might end up doing it this way, but if it could be built in the app UI that would be awesome.10/10 💗"
76561198099305594,Recommended,583010,31847991,Posted: 19 May,all,JackRiordan,"This is one outstanding piece of software. It's only limit is your imagination. I used it to create a virtual ""copilot"" for Microsoft Flight Simulator X that even responds when I give it voice commands. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,583010,34087247,Posted: 7 August,all,dragon_nine,Perfect for Elite Dangerous and Star Citizen. It blends so well you would have thought it was part of the orignal game.
,Recommended,583010,31404668,Posted: 27 April,all,Grendel,"I have owned VoiceAttack since back in 2014. I use it on almost all of my space-centric games, Elite Dangerous, Star Citizen, Homeworld, and STO.The program will require a bit of windows setup to get speech recognition working just right for you, but that can take as little as 5-10 mins, depending on your computer and mike. If memory serves, i had everything installed and setup in under 30 mins, including multiple runthroughs of windows speech setup, (because i wanted to ensure i had a good starting point).The community for this program is nothing short of FANTASTIC - and I do them all a great disservice by saying that. There are few words to describe just how helpful and encouraging I personally have found within this community. From having what I felt were dumb questions answered (and then re-answerd in a way I could understand as a non-programmer), to the wide variety of plugins and profiles shared, this community rivals that of Skyrim (which has a Voiceattack profile avaible), Homeworld, and Vampire the Masqurade: Bloodlines.Profile creation was easy to figure out, I think the hardest part starting out was finding the right TTS voice, than I upgraded to a few free and paid voicepacks, most notably from HCS Voice Packs (shameless plug there i know).Understanding the basic commands was realativly easy and hassle free. Moving on to more advanced commands was simply a matter of understanding the correct use of tolkens and in some cases, a post to the community provided a quick and timely answer.  There are several demos available, which can be found on youtube from HCS Voice Packs that will also help make the learning curve a breeze.On profiles - you will get out what you put in. There are profiles avaible for many games, especially Elite Dangerous and Star Citizen. and while the basic profiles will help and add a level of depth and ease to gameplay. A new user could use a basic program to help with everything from takeoff in elite dangerous to basic scanning of a planet. Voicepacks are available from multiple sources, both free and paid. and these can and will add more depth. Plugins are avaible that will allow you to play internet radio, operate a program such as spotify or pandora, or even play a custom playlist with either vlc or winamp. A new offering is called Game Music Packs, which while recent, has the possiblity of changing the way I use custom playlists and use custom music during gameplay. (but that last bit may be me staring into a crystal ball - but the possibility IS present).That said, the true power of VoiceAttack is found when you modify a profile to suit your tastes, or create your own. you can do anthing from creating a command to play specific soundfiles at your command, to creating a truly custom and unique AI experience with VoiceAttack. Weather you want your ship's Ai to be R2D2, C3PO, Spock, Worf, BB-8 or K-2SO,  Marvin, the Paranoid Android, or your own personal Vulcan Love Slave - all that is required is a little imagination, some study and (mostly easy), coding, and you will have the AI of your dreams.For elite dangerous users,you will find a varitey of profiles readilly avaible wich contain abilties ranging from adding a jump counter to Plotting course & Map control, just to scratch the surface. Plugins will add even more flexibility and customizaton options - only your ability and imagination will limit you.  (DISCLAIMER: The author of this post is in no way to be held responsible for times when ability and imagination do NOT see eye to eye. As such, he is forthwith to be held blameless and non-liable for any lost sleep, time away from family, pets, plants, outdoor activiteis, other hobbies, etc.).""Immersion"" is a term you will read alongside this program alot. We use it not because it is the correct term to describle the change we experience in gaming without it. We use it because it is the ONLY word that comes even remotely close to describling the joy it brings to the gaming experiences of those who love the program, and especially those who take the time to custom-create a profile for our favorite game(s).In closing, I purchased a 2nd copy of VoiceAttack on steam the week of it's inital release. At the time, I had the ability to ""trade-in"" my current copy to get the program on steam. However after about 8 seconds of thought, I simply could find no better way to show the Developer my support and thanks for all the hard work and effort he's put into this program over the years. I feel that I got my money's worth years ago - buying a 2nd copy to say ""thanks again"" was a opportunity I could not pass up!"
76561198031782423,Recommended,583010,31367174,Posted: 25 April,all,Drunken_Stalk3r,"I cant get this to work, window 10 pro Asus supreme fx sound card. it doesnt do anything when i speak to it and i dont know if its reciving my voice or not as cortanna seems to work fine.To all who view this I was using a windows 10 pro os and a ASUS motherboard with the Sonic studio 3 software.The Sonic Studio blocks Voice attack from using the default Mic despite being assigned to it in the Sonic studi and in the settings in voice attack.The only souiltion i could find at this time to resolve this was to CRT+Alt+Del and disable the Sonicstudio service and also close it on the actice tools bar on the bottom right of my system. Asus please resolve this issue. Appoligse to VA for my hasty Unlike of the software.ISSUE RESOLVED"
76561198149356963,Recommended,583010,32095315,Posted: 31 May,all,JohnDoe,"- Meh, I usually speak with an oxford accent. The accuracy rate is below 10%. Consider me purchasing the software an incentive to develop it more/ -Edit: Ok, I'm an idiot and do apologize for the previously negative review. I didn't realize, that the VoiceAttack was mainly meant only for games. I previously only tested it within OS and tried controlling OS with it."
,Recommended,583010,33924763,Posted: 31 July,all,Eisberg,"Been playing around with Voice Attack on Elite Dangerous.  Absolutely love it, makes playing Elite Dangerous so much more fun, enjoyable, and easier to control.  I highly recommend it.  It is very versatile and easy to create new commands and even macros so it can do several commands, or you can use someone else's profile and use their commands instead, and there is an easy to to print off a cheat sheet of what commands were created by you or the profile you downloaded.For me I felt like I was even more into the future because I was able to talk to my ship and have it do several different things.I even have Macros where I say things like ""Code Red"" and what happens is my Weapons come on online, my power is redirected to my Weapons to full and the rest of the power into shielding.  Or when I am docked, I'll say ""Refuel and Repair"" and everything will automatically refuel and repair my ship for me.  I can say things like ""target highest threat"" and it will target the highest threat ship (usually the one attacking me). I can say ""Request Docking"" and the computer will request docking for me.I also suggest getting the HCS Voice Packs as well, I have found that got me more immersed into Elite Dangerous so much more.  HCS Voice Packs are add-ons created by a different developer, and it gives a voice to Voice Attack and it will respond to the things you say.  Many of the voice packs are voiced by celebrities like Brent Spiner, William Shatner, and many others.So if you want something that can completely immerse you into Elite Dangerous or any other game, since you can use Voice Attack for any other games, I highly recommend you get this."
76561198049263075,Recommended,583010,31658464,Posted: 9 May,all,DJ Spirit,"IF you are like me and need a hand playing some games like Elite Dangerous, this is a MUST HAVE, not a want, not a desire, but an absolute need.  I don't think I could ever go back to Elite Dangerous without this."
,Recommended,583010,31465328,Posted: 30 April,all,ONISAIBOT,Best Investment EverMakes you feel like a god with a wireless headset / VR and enough commands at hand.
,Recommended,583010,31544619,Posted: 4 May,all,Elvindy,"Easy platform to make your own AI on your own computer. Almost everything are at your disposal, including your own ingame voice command"
76561198059697235,Recommended,583010,32762374,Posted: 25 June,all,maneye39,love that this has come to steam a really good voice program for games
,Recommended,583010,35098843,Posted: 20 September,all,BetaLeaf.net [Software Engineer],"Software does what it's suppose to, but because of my speech impediments, a lot of commands don't work because it recognizes the wrong word. For example, I can say ""heal"" and it will recognize ""you'll"". The system uses the Speech Recogniztion that is built into Windows. I tried training it 3 times, but it still doesn't recognize most of the commands it couldn't recognize before. I tried manually added how I say certain commands into the Speech Dictionary, but it will still recognize the wrong words. I've tried articulating as best as I'm able. The best I can hope for at this point is to keep training it over the next few weeks or use different words that it can recognize reliably.I personally wish they would have used a different speech recognition engine."
76561198317335512,Recommended,583010,32034121,Posted: 28 May,all,Mark1791,"In a nutshell this software enables you to run background mouse and key presses and open and close stuff in any combinations just using a voice command of your choice.  So for example you might run VLC player with a preloaded playlist and you can program it to open up and play that with the voice command ""play music!"".  But despite the name of ""Voice Attack"" you can also run this with other key or mouse presses too, so if you don't want or have a microphone setup you can still use this awesome piece of software to macro any complex series of key commands into one simple one.  A really useful piece of software and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,583010,31382627,Posted: 26 April,all,Pommac,"This review is for everyone who is NOT from and English speaking country or from France, Germany, Japan, China or Spain.Giving it a thumbs up in spite of everything. I actually refunded the app at first because I didn't get it to work. And then bought it again once I had solved the issue.The problem with VoiceAttack, and several other contemporary voice recognition/command apps, is that it depends on the built-in speech recognition system in Windows 10 (which Cortana uses for example). However, Windows speech recognition is only available for the respective language of the countries above (Mandarin for China). And I don't live in any of those. If you are from outside that region you will get an error message if you try to run the app. It won't start. It will say a SAPI-compatible speech engine is missing on your system.There is, however, a workaround. What you do is add US English (provided you want to speak English with your game of choice) as an additional language under the Region & Language settings in Windows 10. You will then get the option to specifically install speech recognition for US English. Once that is installed VoiceAttack will run.You don't have to make English (or German or Mandarin...) your default language on your computer for it to work. You just need to make sure the speech recognition system is installed. However, even if you imported this super duper profile that somebody made for your favorite game X, ideally you still will want to train your speech recognition system to recognize your voice and your speech quirks when it comes to accent, intonation etc. You can't train that within VoiceAttack. You need to train the Windows speech engine outside of the game. But that you will not be able to do unless you set your chosen speech engine language to be the default language on your system. This is something you hopefully only have to do once though, at least for a single game. And you can revert back to your old settings afterwards.Once your get VoiceAttack to work it does what it is supposed to. As good as any voice command app, if not better. It's a GREAT help in complex games like ArmA or flight sims where it really makes sense. You wouldn't be pressing buttons if you led a real squad or captained an airliner. You would be giving various vocal commands to make others do the stuff you want them to while you focus on your specific tasks. And this is exactly what you can do with VoiceAttack, which both makes the game easier (since you won't be bothered by all these stupid user unfriendly interfaces and key bindings that are usually included with sims) and also more fun."
,Recommended,583010,31555715,Posted: 5 May,all,Straxter,"It actually works.  It doesnt crash and I comand my computer.  I hate paying for a program because I want to solve a problem, and the developer of hte software claims it has the solution but the stupid thing wont work.  Not the case here.  Very sophistiated but, doenst take a rocket scientest to use it.  Its fun and has endless capabilites.  I have my computer at certaintimes or commands say ""yes master, you are the ruller of the universe."
,Recommended,583010,31614320,Posted: 7 May,all,Dv2236,"it can make games feel so much more immersiveonly down side at first is learning how to program commands & macros.im still trying to figure out how some group did commands like w/e command on my mark... & when they say mark again it will do the command from before lolmainly recommend for win10 users idk if u can do this stuff without the Windows Speech Recognition with it also make sure u set VA to use that & not default system!!i say this due to if u get commands that just will not work right cus it thinks ur saying something else u can load ""Windows Speech Recognition"" right click on tray > open the speech dictionary > add a word > Check ""record a prounciation upon finsh"" > & before u hit record make sure the thing top mid of screen is set to listening or it wont record after u can turn off & close ""Windows Speech Recognition"""
,Recommended,583010,31975556,Posted: 26 May,all,AlexCC02,Excellent and powerful voice commands for simulators (in my case).They just need to add a search command.Highly recommended.
76561198321531078,Recommended,583010,32150539,Posted: 3 June,all,T€n-Sh! Shinig@m! ™,Awesome tool to have in your arsenal for games where quick reactions is required.
,Recommended,583010,31776971,Posted: 15 May,all,brdsnow (aka SKVR fanboy),"I downloaded this for Skyrim to play with Vorpx VR... It exceeded my expectations.  I've used other voice tech before but this is well done and works great with the headset.  You are able to set commands for menus etc so that you don't have to map them to the controllers which is great when playing vr and are not able to use the keyboard at all times.  I actually have AH hotkeys setup which allows more hotkeys for skyrim so that I can cast shouts by name... only using english but you could do dragon tounge if you want.  Also, helps for selecting armor sets and spells and object interaction such as take all or open inventory screen. I will be using on other VR games in the future definately recommeded if you have a headset or if you want more immersion with less keypresses."
76561198062847994,Recommended,583010,32270438,Posted: 8 June,all,bodphast,"Greetings,After using this program for a while now I can say, without reservation, this program is awesome. It delivers exactly as promissed. It is very intuitive to program so creating custom setups for any program is very straight forward. I am actually beginning a project with this program for applications outside of gaming due to its stability and reliability. Great package...Highly recommended."
,Recommended,583010,34308006,Posted: 17 August,all,Loyallte,it's amazing with pubg@https://www.twitch.tv/loyallte
76561198165169216,Not Recommended,583010,32331920,Posted: 10 June,all,OtakuSan99,"Why cant it work with Sonic Studios on? i have spent hours trying to turn Sonic Studio II off with no avail. What the creators of VoiceAttack need to do is make their software more optimized for a larger variety of motherboards. maybe make a damn video on how to turn Sonic Studios off would help? Now it does work on other types of computers, but if you have an ASUS. Say BUH BYE to $11. you need to fix your damn glitch, or make a video on how there are issues with Sonic Studio II and how to turn it off in order to get it to run properly, theres barely anything online about it. So i am getting a refund, the lack of information on your program is unacceptable, and you really need to tell people and be more aware on the glitches your software has, because that is called only giving part of the truth."
76561198031181900,Recommended,583010,33929261,Posted: 31 July,all,Tiramisu,"It works nicely once the computer learns your voice. You can also do some more advanced stuff with it.The only thing I really miss right now is that VoiceAttack can only listen to YOUR voice, but not to the voice of another programm. E.g. lets say the ATC in a flight simulator tells you to do something and you have to repeat the words of the ATC in order to confirm it. Then VoiceAttack would need to be able to listen to the voice of the computer to check if you repeated the words correctly.That would be so cool!Edit: Regular expressions in the voice recognition would be also very helpful."
76561198131516295,Recommended,583010,33994473,Posted: 3 August,all,katzmusic,Voice attackBeen using this to use with Game music packs for Elite: Dangerous. It works very very well. Voice Attack is a very well thought out piece of software and is getting more powerful as the updates fly by.Highly recommended and the support is generally good.
76561198000774400,Recommended,583010,34488892,Posted: 25 August,all,Shabazza,"It's abit tricky at times to make it understand you right. But when you have found good settings for the mic,it works quite well.It has a lot of ways to control and interact with games and other programs.Even executing macros and scripting is possible.And by saving the status of certain commands in variables, the program can even keeptrack of stuff and tell you when you do things in the wrong order.And what I like a lot is the possibility to create audio responses that get read by the Windows text-to-speech engine.It adds some immersion when you say ""Retract landing gears"" and VoiceAttack tells you ""Landing gears are already retracted!"".So I like it.Only silly thing is the fact that Steam tracks your hours on VoiceAttack as like it was a game..."
76561198185998599,Recommended,583010,34748621,Posted: 4 September,all,SoulReaperX89_[SF],"At first i was going to get a refund because it was not working but doing some reading and searching this has become an invaluble immersive and just ♥♥♥♥ing amazing accessory. only down side is there is a delay on some commands or it can be the game where if in bf1 i say prone it takes lags a bit to actually activate if anyone know how to tweak it for better response time let me know.- the only con is that it takes a while to set up your commands and preferences so its not plug and play as they say, but oh does it kick♥♥♥♥♥when you have it set up."
76561198206692544,Recommended,583010,35023246,Posted: 17 September,all,TaylorRevelator,"VoiceAttack has changed the way I use my computer.  The ability to create completely custom voice commands with custom sound/voice feedback has led me to program profiles for almost every game, simulator and program I have.  It's quite addictive.  From things as simple as playing and pausing Netflix, to complex macros to automate functions, Voice attack has proved useful in so many ways.It is remarkably easy to use once you get your head around it.  Find the keystroke, shortcut or button you wish to activate by voice, create the command and type what you want to say to activate it. Then add the keystrokes or shortcuts in the order you want them with any pauses you may require, then finish by adding your audio feedback be it a specific sound, a random sound from a directory or spoken feedback.  That's it.Examples:Euro Trucker 2 ""Attatch trailer""DCS World ""Landing gear up""Windows ""Shut down""I would reccomend this app to everyone.  It's a great tool to have.  When you bring VR into the equation, then it becomes essential in my view.  When it is awkward getting to your keyboard and having to remove your headset, you can save a lot of messing about.There are cheaper apps claiming to do similar things but VoiceAttack is solid, functional and reliable.  Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,583010,35175878,Posted: 24 September,all,Rhymin-$imon,[Update:]@gmagenheimer: Thank you for that awesome support ;).I did exactly what you suggested. I've installed another voice recognition engine and now I get 99% recognition rate.I can now recommend the product without restriction.For those who read this. I had an issue with the windows voice recognition engine (I have an astro A50 headset). The engine had a recognition rate lower than 1%.If you also encounter issues like me just follow up the developer instructions attached to this review.
