user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198277984478,Recommended,583470,33483209,Posted: 12 July,all,TemmieNeko,"INTERNET SUPERSTAR RICH EVANS IS ASH!with that out of the way, *ahem*...This is already amazing beyond Super Meat boy.Your goal? Collect body parts and tumors to create a friend!Everyone is dead,and Ash ( the hero) broke his last game cartridge, so it's time to do something about that!very fun, very challenging, the collecting tumors parts are expertly crafted, these levels are amazingly well drawn, controls are tight as they can be - and the humor is on-point.Absolutley recommended even if games liek super meat boy arent your thing,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlkvMBevW6k"
,Recommended,583470,33563544,Posted: 15 July,all,MattB,"This game is definitely not Super Meat Boy 2. It's focused on patience and exploration instead of speed. I really, really like it!"
,Recommended,583470,33594941,Posted: 16 July,all,Umaril,"I bought this game since I am a huge fan of McMillen's previous games. I spent a lot of time playing and completing everything in Super Meat Boy, so when I heard about a new platformer I got really excited, and I think a lot of people will be in the same situation.It's important to understand that while they both are hardcore platformers, they are quite different. The End is Nigh is set in a semi-open world and each ""level"" is connected with another, compared to the ""world-by-world"" setup of Super Meat Boy. Sometimes you'll have to go back to another level to access a secret or another path, which make it really interesting.Also interesting that there isn't any bosses, which to me was both a pro and con. Meat Boy had some great bosses ideas, but most of them could be rendered trivial due to the limited options related to being a two-button platformer, so not having those kind of fights between worlds felt like a good idea to keep the rythme of the game.The level-design is rich, and you never really get to grow tired of a specific mechanic as new ones are introduced regularly. Since you don't get any ""upgrade"", the level-design will dictate your possibilities, and I feel like you get a linear progression that is extremely rewarding.Lots of different worlds will help with the basic story-telling of the game, but don't expect too much bare a couple cinematics and some hidden text. It's a gameplay-first kind of game.Talking about that, it's pleasing graphically and the animations are really fluid, which should be no surprise to those who played Super Meat Boy. They know how to make a platformer feel great.I personally finished the main-levels but still have a lot to discover, which again is kind of the trademark of McMillen's games.All in all, get this game if you want a challenging but rewarding experience that feels good to play, and have the patience to accept thousands of deaths. It's a steal for this price and one of the best platformer I ever played."
,Recommended,583470,33493356,Posted: 12 July,all,w o a d,"The End Is Nigh is another Edmund game, meaning it includes:-Good music-Good levels-High blood pressure-Comedy-A reason to kill yourself-A reason to live-200% salt levels-Abominations-Tumors-No friends (reality)overall 10/10 good game"
76561198025497973,Recommended,583470,34901940,Posted: 12 September,all,zinoelgato,"Let's skip the BS and cut right to the Meat and Potatoes. And with that said there's only one question that remains, who is this title for?This game is for you who...1. Hates yourself and enjoy getting punished!2. Doesn't mind dying +1000 times and retrying.3. Loves Super Meat Boy!4. In general loves hardcore platformers!5. And who finds Dark Souls to be to relaxing!This game isn't for who...1. Doesn't like punishing hard, unforgiving games!2. Hated Super Meat Boy.3. Already has low self esteem!4. Isn't a hardcore platform fan!In conclusion.This is a game in the same spirit as Super Meat Boy! It's different enough to differentiate itself form Super Meat Boy but at the same times has the same feeling. So if you're a Edmund McMillen fan and loved Super Meat Boy this game is for you.I'd give it a solid 9/10."
,Recommended,583470,33529464,Posted: 13 July,all,Combine™,"I expected this to be Super Meat Boy part 2, but instead it took a different route making it more fun.Alot of the levels are tough and smartly designed that beating them just feels greatThe controls are well done, graphics look lovely, retro levels are smooth and the screen detail is a nice touch.Music is fantastic and fits the levels difficulty and atmosphere perfectly.At moments you'll need to backtrack alot to get the Tumors you missed but i feel it's nice since it'll help you with the speed run achievements as you'll learn to ace the levels better than before.The secrets parts in the game are very cleverly hidden and finding them is always a great feeling as sometimes it's easy, sometimes it's hard.Let's just say the game is so fun that i will enjoy 100%ing it."
,Recommended,583470,33555587,Posted: 15 July,all,Kitten Exterminator,"The End is Nigh a very great spiritual successor to Edmund McMillen and Team Meat's addicting Super Meat Boy.Edmund McMillen and Tyler Glaiel's new beast of a game is one of my new favorites.The objective of the game is to make a friend, and you do that by going through levels to find pieces of this friend. The story behind it, is gloriously macabre because the character you play as has nothing better to do since the apocalypse. You'll get a kick out of the cutscenes that play when you progress through the game because Ash is voiced by Rich Evans from Red Letter Media. The music is stellar thanks to Ridiculon, so no point in the game ever feels dull. The music matches the graphics, a grim world with our character going through a wide variety of settings and themes. All of the aesthetics of the game gets packed into this charming 2D HELL of a precision platformer.The layout of the game is a open-world 2D platformer. The worlds interconnect, so there are many routes to take, nearly a hundred secrets and there's multiple endings. The game just won't stop coming at you just when you think you are done!The worlds will challenge you, and you will die. The secrets in the worlds will challenge you further, and you will die more. The cartridges that can be found as secret collectibles you can play at home will definitely challenge you to your limit, you will never not die. 100%ing the entire game and getting all achievements is nearly impossible, but aiming to 100% a save file is doable. There's something that will get to you. One cartridge kept me from 100% for 12 hours.The controls are smooth and tight at the same time. The mechanics can be quickly understood, but the true meat of the game lies with how advanced the movement can get. The option for speeding through the game dying as little as possible is on the table.I can't get enough of this game, if 2D platformers appeal to you at all, this is a must. You might have a great time looking for tumors, or have a mind-boggling time seeing how deep this game goes."
76561198128878785,Recommended,583470,33525803,Posted: 13 July,all,Mr Run and Jump,"Quick review-Moderate/fast paced precision platforming-Precise Jumps-Precise air control-Good ground movement speed-Unique ledge grab mechanic - easy to learn, tough to master-100s of levels! Very content packed-Donkey Kong Country like collectables and secrets-Many hazards - stationary and in motion-Many monsters - varied AI-Macabre art style - signature Edmund-Beautifully programmed - Tyler-Humourous-Atmospheric, remade public domain classical music-Forgiving hitboxes-High production-Appropriate minimalist macabre story-Difficult and rewarding - enough content for novices and more for experienced players-Value for money-The most fun you can have when you're dead-The End is NighLong reviewI have a bias towards enjoying platformers, certainly more than most, so I'll aim to keep this review as objective as I can -judging it solely as a platformer rather than a new creation from Edmund and Tyler.For a completely new player to the game, its a precision platformer, all the way through to its core. Think Super Meat Boy, n++, Fenix rage, Life of Pixel, Slime San. It's a difficult game, with trial and error. Extremely suitable for skilled players, speedrunners, average players WITH patience, and fans of 2d platformers. I struggle to objectively recommend this to Edmund fans if you do NOT like platformers. Although, mileage will vary. Edmund fans surely expect challenge, and seem to love being thrown into difficult and atmospheric worlds even in genres they do not typically enjoy. Just look at the number of SMB fans who hate other platformers. Amazing.Level design...is varied and challenging. Individual static screens that helps player focus on where they are per screen, no jerky motion of scrolling background. This I cannot emphasise enough as a really important feature - it keeps screen still and allows player to do the movement. N++ does this of course. Player moves screen to screen (by exiting one side) horizontally for the most part, but sometimes downwards and upwards (DKC style). Secret areas are numerous, hidden away sometimes by environments that are queued to destruct based on players actions. Aforementioned destruction of environment is a novel level design feature which resets if player leaves the current screen and returns. This adds a new puzzle element to tricky precision platforming. Without spoiling too much - there is water to swim through, spikes, lots of monsters - sometimes with projectiles to avoid, all with varying AI. Threats can be in motion or staionary. There are more surprises that should really be discovered alone. It's very novel overall and I'd say has more level design surprises in precision platforming than I've ever seen. But do not worry, it's not a convoluted experience, each idea is fully fleshed out over hundreds and hunderds of screens. I'd describe the hazards as tightly packed. Far less width for running wildly. Less horizontality than Meat boy, but still with ample wide leaps that need to be calculated.Control/mechanics -move, jump, and the big new move - grabbing ledges.Movement on ground...is graceful, predictable. Not jerky - I suspect Ash's ground acceleration builds for a few split seconds before full speed. However it's subtle, not as pronounced as Meat Boy's heavier start, where ground acceleration provided quite a sticky and slower start, appropriate for the skinless boy. Ash has a slower full speed. Perfect for the dense level hazards.Movement in air...from jumping is great. Very precise. Can stop air accelaration just like that, fall where you need to. Falls faster than meat boy I think. In air control is tuned well. Jump height variable to jump input time. Also jump distance is larger on the horizontal plane following a ledge grab. This takes a bit of time to adjust but its exciting. NO wall sliding NOR wall jumping. Overall the jumping feel has less of an overall horizontal pull (than meatboy) with more weight in vertical gravity. As mentioned above, falling is faster. Jump height is pretty decent and you can easily learn the limits in the early levels.Ledge grabbing...is new, I believe Edmund is very proud of this mechanic. Grab onto either upper wall corners, or little thorn like looking spikes anywhere up a vertical wall side. It feels finicky at first but once you learn why you need it, its really fun. You may also ledge grab upper corners that have hazardous spikes on the top, merely a pixel way. This is extremely tight an execution, but its badass. I like to think of ledge grabbing in the same vein as hanging in the air or wall sliding in Super Meat Boy - both give you neceassry time to breath and adjust to plans in navigating the levels. Once you master it you can hang out on walls and enjoy a split second to then jump again. Its a welcome addition and produces a fluent stop start rhythm that makes sense within tightly woven hazards.Hitboxes...are really good for me personally. I tested the waters when i started my game and just walked up to monsters. There is slight and small overlap of pixels (thank goodness) between player and hazards and its makes for a more enjoyable experience. The levels require tight excution therefore a bit of freedom to brush into a hazard goes a long way.I love the game. I hope this review is helpful for some of you.PS - As much as I tried to discuss platfoming objectively - Edmund and his previous work was mentioned. This is retrospectively fairgame for me - Super Meat Boy, particularly, set precision platformers to be judged by new standards. Thanks for reading."
76561198024153634,Not Recommended,583470,33494894,Posted: 12 July,all,Jemini,"Huh. I actually don't like it. I've 100%-ed each game by Edmund so I've been a fan for a minute, but End is Nigh came out so quickly that I didn't have any expectations for it. The focus is far more on precision platforming. Meat Boy's charm was it's fluidity, speed, and precision platforming at 100 miles a minute. This is far more methodical and drawn out- not to mention a lot of forced trial and error. Collectables are pretty meh, with cartridges being a big ticket item. However, they're merely more stages in lo-fi graphics. Music is great. There's an odd charm to the fact that 30-50% of the soundrack is public domain music, but remixed with the gothic/rock stylings of Isaac. Animations and graphics are fantastic. Controls are perfect. It's a very self contained game- no map for each stage, no real cutscenes (so yes, you must backtrack through each world in its entirety to search for collectables. Your mileage may very on that one). But with no real charm, a bland color scheme for each world, little variety, and mostly just waiting, jumping in the right spot, and repeat (as opposed to Meat Boy's dynamic levels with far more obstacles and variety from different mechanics and speed that kept things fresh),End is Nigh is basically Meat Boy distilled down to its main mechanics, remove wall jumping and sprint, and in doing so switch the focus from fluidity to precision platforming over dull stages that never feel like they change and collectables that feel very empty and unrewarding"
,Recommended,583470,33766323,Posted: 24 July,all,PeaseMaker,"I love this game... but ♥♥♥♥ this game.10/10, fingers hurt from squeezing the controller."
76561198093718743,Recommended,583470,33636066,Posted: 18 July,all,炎,"Really fun game. Similar to Super Meat Boy, but diferent in the right ways (in my opinion). Instead of the game beeing design to run as fast as you can, like super meat boy, it encourages you to be patient and explore everything on the map.The controls feel great and the platforming is dificult but very satisfying.About the story itself I really enjoyed it and thought it was a fun ride."
,Recommended,583470,35145047,Posted: 22 September,all,Arkveveen,"The End is Nigh. It's an insanely difficult platformer just like Super Meat Boy, but it has one key difference: You can't wall jump! This defines the game, and is more fun than it sounds. Because the game centers around hanging on ledges and boost-jumping off of them.Just like Super Meat Boy, precise controls aid you in your efforts to overcome ridiculous platforming challenges. However, it never overwhelms you with this absurd challenge at first. The game, for the most part, starts at a ""moderate"" difficulty then very slowly ramps up. Introducing you to harder and harder challenges that are perfectly doable. Even the most absurd platforming problems require subtle button presses and nuanced use of movement, in order to beat them.The End is Nigh has more value than it seems. Not only does it have a ton of collectible and ""adorable"" tumors, which are more important than you think, the game has tons of other secrets to find. You'll spend quite a few hours searching for them, and you'll eventually get good enough to traverse the levels to find them all. The game really DOES have over 600 levels in total!This game doesn't progress like a normal platforming game, such as Super Meat Boy, where you have to SELECT your individual levels. Each world can be selected from a map, but the individual levels within these worlds behave like one big long path. With forks in the road leading to goodies and secrets. You traverse between these worlds via teleporters. In fact, the entire game is one giant path that... almost looks like a pitchfork, due to 3 branching ways you can go.Visually, the game looks quite good! The signature artstyle is here, with beautiful effects that look rather impressive despite the relatively primitive artstyle. In a way, this game is charming with its morbid atmosphere and sense of humor. There's something almost whimsical about the dark and bleak world of The End is Nigh. Technically, there doesn't seem to be anything wrong, and you have all the options you could want at your disposal, including solid video options.What makes The End is Nigh so brilliant is that sheer satisfaction you get from beating tough segments. Just like in Edmund McMillen's amazing Super Meat Boy, beating the toughest challenges and secrets will give you a serious amount of ""gamer cred"". Whatever such a thing is even worth.The only thing truly hampering this game is the difficulty. If you hate ""rage platformers', please for the love of black blobs everywhere, just stay way. But if you're a masochist who gets sick pleasure out of being satisfied from beating tough platformers, this game is highly reccomended!"
,Recommended,583470,33487307,Posted: 12 July,all,Chipius,It works perfect on ultra with my GTX 970Edmund is a liar...
,Recommended,583470,33833149,Posted: 27 July,all,Jonochrome,"I didn't love Super Meat Boy.  The game had its fun, rewarding levels here and there, but it was brought down by being too fast to react to anything, too slippery in the air for reliable jumps, and too full of hard-to-manage enemies and obstacles which made many levels feel more like luck than a test of skill.  A few of the boss fights relied solely on memorization, some challenges were excessively long with no checkpoints, the jump button didn't even always register, and I could spend half an hour getting a successful run of a stage and still not have done it fast enough for an A+ rank, which destroyed any interest I had in 100%ing the game.The End is Nigh fixes every issue I had with Super Meat Boy.This game has a moderately more relaxed pace, with far tighter, less variable movement.  The jump button is responsive every time and feels exactly the way it should.  There are no timers, and hanging on ledges is a suitable replacement for wall-jumping because it allows you to sit still and analyze the area methodically.  And you start out with your full moveset, but you learn how in-depth it is throughout the game.Every screen is a checkpoint, and depending on how you enter an area, you'll have a different respawn point, making certain collectables more convenient and fair to obtain while still posing a challenge.  Most (but certainly not all) of this game's difficulty comes from the optional parts, which I consider to be very good design.This game has no boss fights; it doesn't need any, because the environment is harsh enough.  What it does have are some tricky enemies to avoid (or use to your advantage), which are not always easy to deal with, but their patterns are reliable enough to manage.  The mechanics in this game also never seem to fall into the wretchedly physics-oriented hive that Super Meat Boy's air currents or repelling magnets did.On top of all that, I'd even say TEiN has the better artwork, music, story, and characters.The backgrounds are often monochromatic, fairly saturated cityscapes or skies against the silhouetted terrain our charming protagonist Ash explores.  Everything is slick and smooth, as opposed to strangely polygonal like much of Meat Boy's art.  There is more depth to be found in Ash's simple post-apocalyptic tale of woe and the odd little messages from the dead than there is in rescuing Bandage Girl from a fetus in a jar.  The music is comprised almost entirely of hardcore rock covers of famous classical music, which is frankly just a recipe for success.  It's the kind of soundtrack I want to listen to while I'm working to increase my productivity.So far, I've completed 80% of the game and intend to see it through to the end.  It might not be as nigh as it seems.Now, I've seen others say this game has no soul, and that it's somehow lazy.  But even in its world of skulls and corpses, there's a heartbeat.  This game is no less meticulously designed than anything Edmund has crafted, and I'd argue that it is his best work."
,Recommended,583470,33528283,Posted: 13 July,all,Gefo,"This game is another Edmund McMillen masterpiece. With his characteristic design tones and themes.I consider this an unofficial super meat boy 2. The mechanics are similar, but instead of having a wall jump, you can cling to edges.It's a hardcore precise platformer. Really hard. But really rewarding.If you enjoyed SMB, you are sure to enjoy The End Is Nigh.That is all. I might expand on 100% completion, but with near 15 hours played, it's a recommended game for sure. One I've been waiting for a while.EDITThings to consider.Going for 100% completion feels a bit grindy and a little frustrating at times. In contrast to supermeatboy, where you could choose the particular level you wanted to play, in TEIN you just pick the world and have to go through every level if you wanted to get to level 12, for example.Some worlds allow you to go through the levels backwards, while some don't, and that's where it gets frustrating. If you didn't get everything on the first or second go, you might have to re-play really hard levels to get that last thing you missed.This isn't that bad, I mean, it's a hard platformer, but it feels like these are just bad design choices that could've been avoided."
,Recommended,583470,33712512,Posted: 21 July,all,Bokor,"A diabolically difficult platformer with tight controls, The End is Nigh is a worthy spiritual successor to Super Meat Boy. Not as fast paced as Super Meat Boy , The End is Nigh features multiple collectibles including cartridges that unlock minigames and tumors, which are often in hard to reach spots adding a layer of difficulty to already difficult levels.  Exploration is an important component to The End is Nigh, and the gameplay is so satisfying as to make it feel worthwhile.The music starts to get tiresome after a while – they definitely needed more tracks. What is there is great, though.Pick this up if you want a tight platformer – you’ll easily spend hours just playing through the levels before you start to look for secrets.Definitely recommended.Check out my coverage on Third Coast Review:https://thirdcoastreview.com/2017/07/21/game-review-the-end-is-nigh/"
76561198035306491,Recommended,583470,35352784,Posted: 30 September,all,Eenox,"For the average player who wants to complete the game, but doesn't quite understand what they're getting themselves into:I might think twice about buying this.For those who plan on completing the game (maybe except for the ridiculous achievements) and want a great challenge:This is right up your alley.For those who like to hurt themselves, yearn for a masochistic challenge, and want to go for 100% achievements in a game with a simple enough concept that is unbelievably difficult to do so in:This is one of the best, especially as far as platformers go.EDIT: However I should note, if you're already into platformers, you have to give this a go."
,Recommended,583470,33489167,Posted: 12 July,all,Deo Favente,Super Meat Boy but with Tumours.
76561197960403751,Recommended,583470,33495291,Posted: 12 July,all,~}A{~TF2,"Just awesome!Looks similar to Super Meat Boy (SMB), plays similar to SMB (though differs in significant ways), and is just as fun!The game is pretty dang difficult (just like ALL Edmund McMillen and company games are...), however (I might get some flak for this) a few hours in (and 4 stages/maps later) I'm finding this game decidedly easier than SMB... NOT that this is a BAD thing (because I can't count the amount of times I rage quit SMB), but it's just something I've noticed so far...Cool graphics/animations, interesting worlds, great music (even if it IS just classical music originally made by composers such as Brahms, Liszt, Verdi, Tchaikovsky, and more, remixed into different genres/something else by Ridiculon), and just plain addicting and fun ;DDefinitely recommended if you're a fan of SMB, NOT a fan of SMB, a fan of Edmund and company's other games, or just a fan of plain fun (albeit very challenging fun) games in general!Thanks for another great game/experience!!"
,Recommended,583470,33511565,Posted: 13 July,all,HEY BOIZ | GG GUD SH1T,"I recommend this game for people that never played Super Meat Boy or played very little of it.With that being said, this game feels like it could have been a freeware game that gained cult attraction and was the main inspiration for something amazing called Super Meat Boy.If you finished SMB and were looking for SMB 2 with this game... this isn't it."
,Not Recommended,583470,33565846,Posted: 15 July,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Edit: To be crystal clear to anyone who doesn't fully read the review with a critical eye - I don't like this game. While I am reviewing/considering Edmunds game dev history,I am downvoting this game because I would not recommend it to friends. I tried a few times and I find it 'difficult for the sake of being difficult'. I think the levels are *simple* to get through, but brutally hard if you want to collect stuff. And the whole game is a collection game.I will likely be deleting all further comments because they are becoming abusive and toxic. My review is fairly glowing for a negative review. There is no more discussion to be had. If you don't find it useful, simply downvote and move on.---The End is Nighis a good game, but does not continue the legacy of innovation that we have come to expect from Edmund.It's like your favorite band's worst album; if your neighbor created it, you would be impressed - but not when it comes from those that push genres forward.Yes, I'm comparing apples and oranges, but at some point we have to. McMillen games are in a league of their own.Essentially,The End is Nighis a more 'puzzly'Super Meat Boyset in a universe that reminds me ofWorld of Goo.While some argue this title is different enough fromSuper Meat Boy, I feel they are missing the forest for the trees. What is important is that it is a 'hard-as-nails' platformer. Edmund already changed the platformer world with that mechanic. I don't really want him to revisit that same mechanic. I desperately wantinnovationfrom Edmund - it's what he does best.Of course I mean this all in the most flattering way possible.The End is Nighdoes have many superb aspects. I'll get into that at the end of the review.Edmund has historically made some really addicting and satisfying games. Creating a game with those traits is not easy, and is what a great majority of developers strive for. The formula has not been fully figured, and I think this is leading to some problems. Eddie knows that a game is very satisfying when you overcome something truly difficult - just playSuper Meat Boyto see what I mean. We know this.Isaacgave us that satisfaction as welearnthe system enough to eventually be able to overcome and win. Great.The problem is with the idea of difficulty.Contrary to what this game may try, you can't just keep ramping up the difficulty and expect to get a proportionally satisifying game. While experience will vary from player to player depending on skill, but eventually even the best get tired of repeating the same levels over and overad nauseum.Because I'm a huge Edmund fan, I'll definitely keep on grinding withThe End is Nigh, but I doubt my recommendation will change. I also see the community lashing out at negative reviews with less than about 3 hours of playtime. The mechanics in this game don't change significantly over time. You have to look at things from the right scale. If you don't like frustratingly hard platforming, you certainly don't need to get 10 hours in to make a judgement call. Do you learn new nuances of the platforming mechanic over larger time? Absolutely. Does this ever change into something that is not a 'hard-as-nails' twitch platformer? Nope.Pros:+Beautiful artwork.+Music is nice. Ridiculon is hit or miss with me. I often wish Edmund could go back to Danny, but that isn't going to happen. This soundtrack is quite refreshing for this band, which is great.+Controls are super tight (what else would you expect!).+Tons of hours of quality gaming if you like super hard platformers.Cons:-Not innovative for Edmund. We love you bro, but you already changed the platforming world. Go rebuild another genre!-The color palettes are really neat, but too bland. Needs more color contrast to make things 'pop'.-Too difficult for my tastes. Again, as I discussed above, difficulty can be a vehicle for satisfaction - but there is an endpoint. Diminishing returns and all that.This is a love letter to Edmund encouraging him to make riskier stuff.Your games change the world, but you gotta make new ones with new mechanics to push forward.Peace,"
76561198020017076,Recommended,583470,34063283,Posted: 6 August,all,leBookcase,"A superb platformer. Outstanding level/world design that has more in common with a metroidvania than a standard platformer. I really feel like there is a puzzle element to the platforming in this game but it's quite hard to describe, it's just not like any other platformer i've played in the best way possible. A great OST made up of classical music variations helps build the tension on the harder screens and just fit's really well with the gameplay. There is also a LOT of content here, i'm 16 hours in and not even close to having everything done. It should go without saying that this is a pretty hard game also, some of the levels make the hardest parts of Super Meat Boy look like a cakewalk. Speaking of Super Meat Boy, The End is Nigh controls like an absolute dream.You like jumping into spikes? Buy it."
76561198040338707,Not Recommended,583470,35124562,Posted: 22 September,all,Blue Screen,"To appease the nit-pickers who'll complain about a review any more complex than a list of pros and cons, I'll keep this review short and simple.PROS-The game is definitely hard.-Rich Evans is a good voice actor.-Jumping on enemies/projectiles is fun.CONS-The game has EXTREMELY basic physics; far less fun than what anyone would expect from a game made in 2017, let alone a game made by the same guy who made Super Meat Boy. Nothing makes it stand out aside from the fact that you can jump off of ledges, which isn't exactly anything worth writing home about.-The second half of the game has lives, and resets your progress once you run out. Lives in a game like this aren't fun, they're just a lazy, tedious way to pad out the game's length. It doesn't make the game any harder, it just makes it more annoying.-Said lives are based on the amount of tumors you've collected through the first half of the game, which is something you're never told, meaning that if you want more lives, you'll have to go back and play through any incomplete worlds all over again to collect them thanks to the lack of a level select system. Again, this doesn't add any difficulty, and merely pads out the game's length by forcing you to replay levels to reach the ones you missed.-No proper bosses. I'm aware that it's more of a personal thing, and that some people don't like bosses in platformer games, but still, a variety in gameplay would be nice.Misc. Complaints-The game is ugly. Yes, I get it, the point is that the world is ugly because it's dead, but that doesn't really excuse the fact that every texture is just one solid color. It's boring to look at. Even Super Meat Boy's basic tile-based graphics were much, much better.-The soundtrack is just bland, generic remixes of public domain songs, with the rare inclusion of a unique song that still doesn't really manage to stand out from the drudge of generic remixes of In The Hall of the Mountain King and Flight of the Bumblebees.-No level editor. Not that it needed a level editor, I guess, but it's hard to not compare this game to Super Meat Boy and be disappointed by how much it's lacking.I can say without an ounce of hyperbole that this game feels like some quick flash game made for Newgrounds in the early 2000's. It just makes me wish I was playing Super Meat Boy; multiple characters, better level design, a level editor/in-game custom level prowser, actually fun gameplay, and so on."
,Recommended,583470,33955405,Posted: 1 August,all,koolgoose,IT NEVER ENDSIT NEVER ♥♥♥♥ING ENDSA G O N Ygood agony though
,Recommended,583470,33590538,Posted: 16 July,all,BreedPineapple,The game's got everything for your hardcore needs.
76561197997599501,Recommended,583470,33578103,Posted: 15 July,all,DeadPinz,Gonna play DS3 so I can die less...
,Recommended,583470,33605470,Posted: 17 July,all,⎛⎝DeViLMaN666_Qc⎠⎞,"Same brilliant gameplay as Meat boy even if its very similar, it's more like an exploration/adventure game lots of secret stuff, for the pure hardcore platformer part it's with the secret cartdrige level, similar to retro stage in SMB!will update this review once i finish the game but i'm enjoying it alotttt so far! The Level design is so clever luv it ♥"
,Recommended,583470,34246082,Posted: 14 August,all,Trigonometry Lemon,"The End Is Nigh is the first ever platformer, or game, for that matter, that I have felt strongly enough about to write a review. I will try my best to capture my impression of this game.Pros:The controls are top-notch. The game doesn't feel slippery or out of control like Super Meat boy did, yet it wasn't stiff either.  I'm glad Edmund opted out of wall-jump mechanics because I'm glad he didn't make this a Super Meat Boy two. The difficulty isn't that bad. It's not super hard, but it does put up a challenge if you're looking for something more in the genre. Once again, I'm happy that this wasn't a level-based game like Super Meat Boy. Some part of me is just biased towards the feel of metroidvanias and open world platformers that levelled games like SMB could never give. Finally, the soundtrack is incredible. Ridiculon manages to reinvigorate complex classical pieces with the much needed raw  instruments of the rock genre, creating something bigger than the sum of its parts. It's enough to make me want to listen to some songs that usually make me want to throw up like the Flight of the Bumblebee.Cons:Edmund Mcmillen is a con because he stole my ♥♥♥♥ing money."
,Recommended,583470,34046999,Posted: 5 August,all,fossilbro,♥♥♥♥ you devs i can't run this game on my atari fix it or i'll leave more negative reviews
,Recommended,583470,33546594,Posted: 14 July,all,cybrog j,"this is like the donkey kong country to super meat boy's mario. slower, more atmospheric, a hell of a lot harder, and more focus on collectables/secrets. i can understand how that wouldn't appeal to everybody but i'm really enjoying it so far. the music is excellent but like always with ridiculon it's a little hit or miss in places.the few qualms i have with it is that the game likes to throw new mechanics at you that are sometimes REALLY annoying and show up for that segment of the game only...so sometimes it feels really pointless and frustrating. if that seems like it would be a turnoff for you don't get this game because it loves doing that. also there are a couple persistent mechanics that frustrated me to no end, the polluted air/water being the biggest example.other than those gripes i really enjoyed it. wouldnt reccomend it to anyone who doesn't like hard platformers, but if you do it's a must buy"
,Recommended,583470,33608394,Posted: 17 July,all,[Zot] Sels McWillar,"As a Super Meat Boy veteran, I find The End is Nigh really, really nice.The platforming itself is top notch, because of the high quality level design and tight controls. This time around, there's a lot of exploration, and the difficulty has been ramped up considerably.The visual side is well done too. Each area has its distinctive colour palette and style. You gather game cartridges, which can be played in the player character's home - these are reminiscent of the warp levels in Super Meat Boy. That is to say, they're retro platformers with big pixels, with chiptune accompaniment. Also, they get really challenging. (Especially when you find so-called iron cartridges - but I'll shut up about those.)I think I'm about halfway done with the game, according to the in-game completion percentage, with 13 hours played at the time of writing. I don't think I'll ever get 100% completion because of the insane difficulty, but even finding most of the stuff and getting a ""normal ending"" (if there's such a thing), will provide hours and hours of more gameplay.Highly recommended if you like challenging platforming with short levels and lots of repetition to get it right, with high production values."
,Recommended,583470,33488354,Posted: 12 July,all,Implojin,"THIS IS IT LADIES AND GENTS, WE HAVE A WORTHY SEQUEL TO SUPER MEAT BOYI NEVER THOUGHT THIS DAY WOULD COME, BUT I AM HARD AS A DIAMOND RIGHT NOW AND LOVING IT"
,Recommended,583470,33917113,Posted: 30 July,all,Cutetoads,"This game is incredibly fun, but also incredibly frustrating.I love this game, but i also hate this game.I'll expect you to have a similar response"
,Recommended,583470,33549728,Posted: 14 July,all,MatthausGames,"Truly a masterfully crafted platformer from the creator of Super Meatboy, Edmund McMillon has done it again, to an even more impressive caliber. Everything from the level design, tight controls, absolutely wonderful soundtrack, and overall gripping sense of meaningful progression is incredible, I highly recommend picking up this game. Even if you aren't particularily into platformers, or are the kind of person who ragequits easily, this game manages to dodge the issue of rage inducing monotony due largly to how truly incredible the soundtrack is, trust me on this one and give it a shot. Once again I highly recommend this game, a masterpiece of a platformer worth every cent."
,Recommended,583470,33485695,Posted: 12 July,all,potatis_,"Ever wanted a Super Meat Boy sequel?Well, this is as close as you're gonna get.So far, the platforming feels great and the game has a pretty cool artstyle to it.This is a must-get if you are a fan of Super Meat Boy or platformers in general."
,Recommended,583470,34369926,Posted: 20 August,all,Intro,"Masterpiece from Edmund and Tyler!Nice secrets, tough levels and a lot of fun while dying.If you like ""Super Meat Boy"" or other similar platformers, you gonna love ""The End Is Nigh"" for sure!"
,Recommended,583470,33874730,Posted: 29 July,all,⚡Shockal⚡,"If you've played Super Meat Boy, then 'The End Is Nigh' is a must-have. It throws you into the same theme Super Meat Boy gave off during its glorious days, and you'll be glad to be welcomed back into this very difficult platformer.Pros:- Super Meat Boy memories- Provides the same challenges of death and difficulty- So many levels!!!- Explore your own ways. Many paths throughout the map split up.- Retro minigame challenges, similiar to Super Meat Boy's Warpzones.- Bouncy and addictiveCons:- No antagonist or boss battles. RIP Dr. Fetus- Soundtrack got worse. It's similiar to the Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, where the music got a lot less melodic.Neutral:- There is no longer a sprint button. Your character is always sprinting!- Walljumping has been heavily modified. You can now only walljump on certain walls.- A new movement has been added - down. When in mid air, you can hold the Down key to accelerate downwards faster, making it great for diving through two walls about to crush."
,Recommended,583470,33916508,Posted: 30 July,all,boanoitevermes,"I once said that never a game made me cry so badly as Super Hexagon.Now I can take it back.Now for the actual review: Even with just 5 hours of gameplay and only 6 worlds unlocked (that's 17% of the game) I can say that this is harder than SMB.Not exactly the same gameplay. Where SMB gave you time to think and plan, The End is Nigh gives you no time at all. The game begins easy, but by the 3rd world you're shaking, crying and cursing Mr McMillen and Mr Glaiel. A LOT.The game features the same kind of small levels, one screen after another, like SMB or Isaac. But unlike SMB (or Isaac) you have little to NO TIME to think. In further levels, most of the time you'll have less than 2 seconds to think before you die.AND YOU'LL DIE. AND YOU'LL CRY. AND YOU'LL RAGE QUIT. A LOT.But don't let the data above bother you. It's a great game. I dare to say that's even better than SMB in terms of challenge and fun.Other than that, you can expect the same mechanics from SMB. Extra levels, extra challenges, collectables that unlock stuff, you know the drill.Go for it. Buy it full price, it's worth every cent.(Oh, I'm playing this on my keyboard, as I hate controllers. Perfectly doable.)"
,Recommended,583470,33741722,Posted: 23 July,all,lazywilerson,"Almost 1000 deaths in three hours and a half.10/10, would die again."
76561198055814197,Recommended,583470,33485958,Posted: 12 July,all,Krauvando,The only game where collecting tumors will actually make you happy.
,Recommended,583470,34035355,Posted: 5 August,all,Abaddon,"The End Is Nigh,It's a challenging and fun game by Edmund McMillen and Tyler Glaiel.This game gave me a nostalgia trip to the classics, remade by Ridiculon.I do NOT regret buying this game i even love it!You will die,A LOTbut that's okay because before you get intothe futureyou have unlimited livesIt has also some secrets and some references to Edmunds own gamesI gave this review a recommend because of the gameplay, design and soundtrack. It's just perfect for such a small but long journey of Ash who just wants to build a friend which ends up getting the world destroyed a second time.Thanks Edmund and Tyler for such a piece of qualityI recommend buying this game if you want a challenge. That was all to say10/10"
,Recommended,583470,33550800,Posted: 14 July,all,NikoZ30,"A really good tough platformer with excelent controls, well designed levels, a nice difficulty curve and lots of secrets. It also has my favorite soundtrack of all Edmund McMillen's games."
76561198063870032,Recommended,583470,33497906,Posted: 13 July,all,mysteryfish,"So far this game has been amazing. I've read the negative comments about the game, and I'm here to tell you why they're wrong. The first point that I want to stress is that NONE of them have even played for two hours. Why are you gonna write a review before even playing most of the game. The first thing pointed out was that they hated precision platforming and that the speed was slow. This is a different seeries to meat boy. They are trying out new things and ideas with every new ""character series"" that they bring in. They have a different core mechanic in each game that they make. This one so happens to be precision platforming which is one of the things that I love most. (not every platformer they make has to be meat boy). They also don't like the collectibles, while I enjoy them a lot. I like the cartridges a ton because they are just really hard versions of the game. I also like the idea of the tumors being collectibles that you can get at any time, but you just need to know how to get them. I like how they are used in the game. Meat boy had characters, The End is Nigh has harder and cooler levels from the collectibles. The next thing is the color scheme. They say it's bland. I mean if you knew what the game was about you can see why they used the colors they used. It even tells you in the title THE END IS NIGH. For those of you that don't get it, it's a post-apocalyptic world, so the colors are meant to be in a darker mood. I think the colors compliment the game well. The next thing is move restriction and the ""speed"" of the game. For those that didn't play meat boy, there were mechanics that were in the game, such as wall clinging/sliding/jumping and the ""run button"". For those of you that did play meat boy, I want you to think to yourself if you ever really found yourself in a position where you weren't holding that ""run button"" and then tell me that it was completely useless because there was no reason walk. They made is so that you didn't have to constantly hold a button to go at the speed that was meant for the game. I think the character's speed is great for precision platforming. I like this new mechanic of hanging off of certain walls. I felt like the wall clinging in meat boy was a bit wonky, and I enjoy being able to completely control what I hang on to. The next point is that the game is ""if you're blind, screw you"" which I sort of agree with. There's obviously some stuff that you won't see coming and that you'll have to deal with on your next life. But, get this, you have UNLIMITED lives. They want you to die. Hell, they even have a death counter on your profile screen. They expect you to die thousands of times. Even saying all this, it is definitely possible to beat this deathless from a blind playthrough. It isn't likely, but the♥♥♥♥♥♥they throw at you doesn't come 80 mph. It's reactable. Frame drops are another thing people complain about even though there are settings to turn the shaders down. >:( The final thing I want to talk about is the complaint about no variety. Play for more than one world, and you'll encounter different things. I don't know what else to say. Some of the enemies in the game are amazing. My favorite is probably the better versions of the Oobs. When I first saw them, I thought of how amazing it was to see them correcting the mistakes they did in meat boy. The Oobs were probably one of my least favorite enemies in the game because of they're rapid and, somewhat, unpredictable movement. I'm happy to see that they are looking back at their designs and reworking them. It really gives me hope for their future games. Now you may ask, ""Why did you take time out of your day to write this? You dumbass."" 1. I don't think the complaints for the game were warranted at all. 2. I have no life to waste. 3. I don't want people to turn their heads from this game because they read all of these bad things about the game and that it wasn't a ""continuation of meat boy."" 4. I think this game deserves better than what it's getting. It truly is an amazing game that I can see myself playing for 100+ hours.In all, if you enjoy a challenge (and I mean a REALLY hard challenge) then I advise you to definitely put this at the top of your list of games to play. Even though I like this game, I acknowledge that people don't like games that are difficult and don't have the time/effort to put in to play this game. While it's hard for me to say this, I advise you to stay away from this game unless you, all of a sudden, have changed your mind about it."
76561197971029547,Recommended,583470,33543395,Posted: 14 July,all,DENIS STILL HAS DUNE,"Lots of content, clever improvements over Super Meat Boy, the corner grabbing / hanging makes gameplay feel more stable, controls are wonderful. The post-end-game difficulty comes in the form of marathon strings of tough levels, not in the form of single impossible levels. Few challenges feel insurmountable. Consistently good level design through hundreds of screens."
76561198061228187,Recommended,583470,33650925,Posted: 19 July,all,McCoy,"Averaging a higher difficulty than Super Meat Boy there.Controls still provide a similar great feeling but eveything is a bit heavier and harder to master.Design steadily delivers great levels throughout the game even if it often tries to abuse and crosses the line between strong difficulty and unfair situations. Because in the end this is clearly a game for speedrunners first and less skilled people like me will have to try as hard as they can to get the sweet feeling of improvement.Needing any proof ?!! SPOILER WARNING !!At some point you will have to be either a completionist (and have enough tumors to have enough lives) or a speedrunner (by optimising the few you have collected) to pass through the future and beyond.A ""negative"" point to me appears starting this situation : ghosts show up to point the spots where you have died. Can be useful for those who want to sit down and learn but from my perspective it was making the levels not much readable as I tried to rush through and master techniques while I was warming up for this. And didn't want to wait for seconds for the ghosts to disappear.!! END OF SPOILERS !!Starting a McMillen game is always a matter of strong focus and dedication to make it through. This time the rage gets even louder. Be sure to complete it to enjoy the full journey after all those sweat & tears."
76561197991225324,Recommended,583470,34033690,Posted: 5 August,all,Chyme,"This game is great. Solid platforming, excellent level design. But... this game is constantly updating....So bravo for the devs actually caring about fixing the issues. Recommended!"
,Recommended,583470,33979211,Posted: 2 August,all,niga behoilet,whats new squiddy boy
76561198216905977,Recommended,583470,33496080,Posted: 12 July,all,3Wimbo3,"This is a hard, but rewarding game. So expect to die A LOT.it's however really fun ones you get the hang of it (but the difficulty goes up pretty quickly so again you will die a lot) and you can collect tumors (this is probably the only game that makes you happy to collect tumors) the controls are really tied and it has a pretty good soundtrack + !It's an Edmund Mcmillen game!This game is maybe not for everyone because of it's difficulty but if you love challenging platformers then stop reading this and buy it already."
,Recommended,583470,33490929,Posted: 12 July,all,Who Is Mysterion?,"This game is absolutely amazing! It is a very worthy succesor of Super Meat Boy, even to the point of being harder than it. Each level feels insanely unique. The fact that this game is only $15 truly helps show how such a great game could go for such a cheap price. I very highly recommend this game for anyone who is up for an absolute challenge!"
,Recommended,583470,33485459,Posted: 12 July,all,aph1 ✪,The End is Nigh... for the lifespan of your controller.
,Recommended,583470,33512904,Posted: 13 July,all,Latedog,This game confirms that Ed hates mankind.
,Recommended,583470,33607417,Posted: 17 July,all,Mizuki,"Simple review, it will be familliar to people who played Super Meatboy but still feels fresh because of McMillen's excellent understanding of the genre."
,Recommended,583470,33484813,Posted: 12 July,all,Ei𝔟𝔬𝔬lls,Yes
76561198047105025,Recommended,583470,33494988,Posted: 12 July,all,Tyranitrainer,"Really fun and has great music. Super Meat tight controls but with Spelunky cliff-edge jumping. It's less speed-focused and there's more emphasis on exploration, collecting tumors and finding secrets rather than simply beating each level as fast as possible."
,Recommended,583470,33550973,Posted: 14 July,all,(SS) RATM,Ive racked up 750 deaths in two hours. This game is harder than super meat boy. SO MANY COLLECTABLES. Give it a shot. Dont like it? Refund it.
,Recommended,583470,33495077,Posted: 12 July,all,A.,"For people who played Super Meat Boy before, seriously, get this game.Very challenging yet rewarding platformer game.Created by the same dev who make SMB, yeah it's really gonna be a tough game as always."
,Recommended,583470,33483619,Posted: 12 July,all,Kosta,I'm only 30 minutes into this game as of right now but I've already developed crippling anxiety! Worth the money!
,Not Recommended,583470,33512522,Posted: 13 July,all,Showbizelephant,"Only one movement speed and ledge grabbing is incredibly imprecise, making the platforming difficult for all the wrong reasons. Level design is really lazy. Half the levels are just enemies with AI get thrown into a tight space rather than actual planned platforming. I am at a water part in the future where almost every screen is just one or two jumps and dodging fish, and the number fish just increases every time. It feels like they threw random enemies in and hoped that their test players could beat the level instead of having an intended route through each level. Overall, the game is incredibly frustrating, and as someone who absolutely loves Super Meat Boy and beat it 101%, I can safely say that this game doesn't even come close to the same balance of difficulty and fun. This is just like if Meat Boy was unfair enemy spam instead of calculated jumps."
,Recommended,583470,33504555,Posted: 13 July,all,EpochMatt | YT,"The End is Nigh is a challenging platformer with tight controls just like Super Meat Boy! If you liked SMB, then you should enjoy this.It has Edmund McMillen's unique art style, solid music, and plenty of tight platforming that will kill you several times before you get the muscle memory locked in to get through a level.My only complaint is that the color pallete sometimes makes it difficult to see some obstacles, or differentiate between background and foreground.Check out my stream of the first hour of the game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lji3eAxz3a8"
,Recommended,583470,33498271,Posted: 13 July,all,Jimmyjoe25,10/10 would recommened to worst enemy while supplying spare keyboard
76561198029031808,Recommended,583470,34508703,Posted: 26 August,all,GygexTheGoatKing,"Action,Adventure,Platformer,Puzzle,Post-Apocalyptic, the list just goes on and on... Simple in design, easy to play hard to master. I was surprised when they put up the teaser for the game and at the same time just by the teaser i could see that it isn't going to be like  Super Meat Boy. I have been following the work of Edmund since high school and so far  not one game has disappointed me. Each game connected in some way create a fascinating universe that can easily be a wiki of itself. ""The World of Ed"" wikiCan't wait for The Legend of Bumbo, and praying to Guppy that you finish MewGenics with Tommy ( if it ever comes out i bet that it will have the best game soundtrack ever). Edmund is a fantastic game designer and the people that he works with Tyler,Florian,Tommy, James, Tyron and the entire Nicalis team prove that games are a work of art and inspiration for many.10/10  <3"
,Recommended,583470,33677690,Posted: 20 July,all,NukkularReaction,"I have yet to finish this game but I absolutely love it already! There are not many games that can get me to continue to try over and over and over and over again when I continuously die. The game is challenging but very rewarding with TONS of secrets to find! The soundtrack also helps boost the experience. As someone who typically doesnt always enjoy platformers, I highly recommend this one!!!!"
,Recommended,583470,33507438,Posted: 13 July,all,Lord Pigfoot Nosebeggar XVII,"I'm a sucker for Edmund McMillen games and his graphics style and I can definitely recommend this to people who liked Super Meatboy.-The game is so excruciatingly difficult, that I want to tear my freaking eyeballs out.-This game is self torture up to a level that you may want to consider suicide.-It's probably not even a game, it's either a test to see how dedicated edmunds fanbase is or to see how much self control people have not to destroy their hardware or slit their veins (that would be tough to measure though).If you're that kind of masochist: go for it. The controls are slick, the graphics are beautiful and the game-length is said to be huge.I'm asking for a refund anyway, no hard feelings Edmund, it's just for the better of my hardware, myself and those around me."
,Recommended,583470,33679642,Posted: 20 July,all,Sninctbur,A game about having no friends.Sometimes relatable.
76561198285075314,Recommended,583470,33689806,Posted: 20 July,all,Trash Typhoon,"The End id Nigh is a great game with fun humor and extreme difficulty to all. Every level has been designed to be challenging in one way or another but at least a few levels were unfairly difficult to the point were it wasn't fun or it was a chore to do. However, other than that the developers really worked hard on secerets, and hidden cartridges/tumors as well. The art in the game is cute and cartoony enough to distract from the dark events happening to Ash during the duration of the game and it's dark humor as well. All in all, this is a game that everyone who is up for a challenge and some time to kill should check out."
,Recommended,583470,34127742,Posted: 9 August,all,Risible,Good. I also want to die. Never thought I would be screaming about a game's hitboxes being too precise.
,Recommended,583470,33489717,Posted: 12 July,all,Bluup,If you play this and don't have the urge to break something.... you are playing this wrong. 11/10
,Recommended,583470,33492771,Posted: 12 July,all,·Will Data,"I like Edmund. I like Rich Evans. I like difficult platformers especially when half of Team Meat is involved!But that doesn't make this game perfect by any stretch of the imagination.Visually the game is beautiful and the sound design is excellent. The controls are tight, but sometimes the collision doesn't behave as one would expect. There were countless points where I'm watching Ash clearly reach the side of a ledge and I'm holding the direction of said ledge and yet I can't cling to it. Furthermore, there were several points where I simply couldn't hold down and cling to the side of a platform which made the game challenging in an unintended way. An unfair way.I'd like to be clear and say I'm using keyboard controls. It's how I played super meat boy and I feel like that experience was absolutely fine. I've gotten to the end of the game and have about 20% complete. While these issues are definitely hindering my experience, I'm still gonna keep on playing.The game just launched and I really just want to see some improvements to the afformentioned collision responsiveness if at all possible.Also all the skull enemies are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t especially those flying ones"
76561198010910273,Recommended,583470,33490741,Posted: 12 July,all,Die Hard On VHS,"Excellent, another very well made and well polished game from Edmund Macmillen, the king of killing you in computer games over and over and over again. It's hard as nails. If you hate yourself, buy this. It's fantastic."
,Recommended,583470,34254299,Posted: 15 August,all,Dr. Dolor™,"Reasons to buy it:-If you'd love to play a very hard platforming game.-If you are a masochist and love to feel pain.-If you want to die.-If you want to enjoy a hard but with pretty well designed levels game.-The soundtrack is an awesome remix of some classical music songs, of which really fits the ""dark"" theme and atmosphere of the game.-You loved Super Meat Boy.Reasons to not buy it:-You dislike hard or ""stressing"" platformers.-You absolutely didn't like Super Meat Boy because it's too hardcore for you.This game is made by Edmund McMillen (the creator of Super Meat Boy and also The Binding of Isaac) and Tyler Glaiel. This game in particular feels like a spiritual successor to Super Meat Boy, but there is no wall-jumping, instead you can hang on ledges, and while it may seem simple at first, it opens a lot of possibilities platforming-wise and gives a fair enough different feel than SMB, and also it ends up being more complex. The most difficult levels and even some achievements are considerably more difficult than Super Meat Boy, if you want a pretty challenging platforming game this may be your game. The controls feel perfect and precise, if you make a mistake, the mistake will be completely yours, no bad control design involved.Also you collect tumors and retro game cartridges, you can play them after in your house, they feature a retro aesthetic design, with their own ""retro"" remix of a classical song, and most of these retro games are extremely challenging, some of them being the most difficult challenges in the game.The game features a good amount of collectible and secrets, with various endings.Highly recommended if you are a masochist like me."
,Recommended,583470,33493004,Posted: 12 July,all,MyPrimoTeemo,Its great because I can feel my very own tumor growing inside me each time I die10/10
76561197971003317,Recommended,583470,33588255,Posted: 16 July,all,ZiTab,"The game is as annoying as it is awesome... It's designated father is, of course, Super Meat Boy, but this one is darker, a tad slower, but also a bit deeper in its core gameplay. Directions and jump are sufficient to create a technical die and retry platformer. The game is tuned to the smallest detail, for our best interest and our worst fears. Fears ? Hum... I meant frustration, but frustration that we're glad to pay for. In five words: best platformer of the year."
76561198063358168,Recommended,583470,33611749,Posted: 17 July,all,_Lich,"I'm a big fan of Edmunds work, and the particular morbid humour and art style he utilises, but I was sadly never able to appreciate one of his other games, 'Super Meat Boy', because the only platforming my brai could process was N++ (check it out).Bought this, played thoroughly, sucked profusely, died many more times then I should have, Had a real struggle converting myself to the new jump physics (a fault of mine not the games), but that being said, once I got used to it, I loved the mechanics, I love the wi=eird tumour collecting system, and I love pretty much everything about this game so far. Would highly recommend or any platforming fans, especially if youre a fan of SMB."
,Recommended,583470,33701383,Posted: 21 July,all,PerfectlyGeneric,"This is probably the best 'sequel' to Super Meat Boy I could've ever asked for, smooth controls, great platforming,an awesome soundtrack,  sadly no boss fights, but all in all a very good game.--> I would not recommend you play this if you suffer from anxiety or any other stress disorders, because this game is extremely stressful at times, and could mess you up. <--"
,Recommended,583470,33575167,Posted: 15 July,all,🎃 Honl SPOOKPASTA 🎃,The End is Nigh > Super Meat Boy>:3c
,Recommended,583470,33489669,Posted: 12 July,all,ktl_q,"Here you play as the moving chunk of poop in the apocalypse. Like in real life, you know."
76561197968574120,Recommended,583470,33498231,Posted: 13 July,all,jb1234,"I love platformers. They're my favorite genre. Two and a half hours into The End is Nigh and I was just as much in love with it as I was with Super Meat Boy (which it most closely resembles, for obvious reasons). The controls are just as solid, the level design tight and the music utterly charming (so far, entirely classical music remixes. I grinned when I heard the Dvorak 9th symphony arrangement). And yes, it is HARD. I've died 628 times so far. The hidden areas in particular will test your skills (and patience).If there's one major complaint I have, it's that the map system doesn't handle backtracking for collectables very well. It forces you to start at the beginning of the area whether you want to or not. This hasn't been a gigantic issue for the early areas but I imagine it'll get very frustrating in the harder later ones. Since there's a certain level of connectivity to the levels (although not as much as you might expect), I can understand why they went in this direction but I think the system could be tweaked a bit to cut down on needless padding.I know this game will keep me busy for hours to come. Lots and lots of content!"
76561198040119240,Recommended,583470,33639879,Posted: 18 July,all,Epicenter,"Hard platformer from Edmund.Pros:- Visuals are simple, yet stylish. Usual pallete for the level has like 4 colors and still looks complete.- Many short levels - also progress is saved if you exit the game.- Tumor placement is challenging but doable, if you're paintient enough. (got all myself, most at the first run)- Most levels seem to be optimized to be runnable quickly. I mean if you run just as you spawned - you are able to avoid most obstacles and race through the level.- Carthriges are fun alteration to the main game.- Awesome sound track, especially menu (glossience#1) and danse macabre,Cons:- Controls are PRECISE. Sometimes too precise. You visually hit the hook, but don't grab it. Need an hour or to to get used to them.- Some secret levels are very difficult (the keyed ones for example) providing common rewards.- No way to go to specific level in zone. You have to run through whole zone to get to thal 13th level where is your last tumor. However zones are small enough.Please beware that the game is difficult and be patient)"
76561197968677708,Recommended,583470,33610314,Posted: 17 July,all,Piiit,who loved Super Meat Boy will love The End is Nighexcellent and fun platformer
,Recommended,583470,33494319,Posted: 12 July,all,Dog Will Hunt,"Been Playing for close to an hour, game is absolutely amazing and should be enjoyed by all who liked super meat boy. Keep up the great work guys."
76561197977630389,Recommended,583470,33494346,Posted: 12 July,all,Phobos,"If you like fast, fluid, tough-as-nails platformers or are a fan of Ed's other games (or both) I highly recommend this. Just a few hours in and I can tell this will become a favorite of mine. Now excuse me while I go ice my thumbs..."
76561197989413633,Recommended,583470,33484265,Posted: 12 July,all,Zaandin,"All the hallmarks of an Edmund McMillen game. Great level design, super tight controls, that one instant one more go factor, secrets, many many secrets, challenging, frustrating, tumors and collectible body parts and bodily fluids, great soundtrack, dark sense of humour, won't be for everyone, may tie in with Time ♥♥♥♥. May tie in with Binding Of Issac. You'll love the game. You'll hate the game. It'll make you admit that perhaps I only venture outside when my games break on me. Then again it may not. Who knows?It's no question to get this if you're a fan of Ed McMillen's games. It's essential to all fans, and for newcomers to his world of art it may just bring you over."
,Recommended,583470,33531521,Posted: 14 July,all,Shadow the Edgedawg,This game gave me cancer 500 times10/10 would die 7400 deaths again
76561198138938780,Recommended,583470,33489202,Posted: 12 July,all,FeckNeck,Masterpiece like all edmund mcmillen's games
76561198058898193,Recommended,583470,33540335,Posted: 14 July,all,i love turtles,"One of the best feeling platformers i have ever played (even beats meatboy in my opinion) + has very charming personality and is full of secrets to discover, definetly recommend to anyone who likes tough platformers, but even if you're not too much into difficult platforming games, the baase game isn't too challenging, but you would be missing out on a lot."
,Recommended,583470,33510105,Posted: 13 July,all,firesfrost,"Extremely fun and difficult, The End is Nigh is an adventure platformer that many fans of Edmunds prior work of SMB will find generally good. The game takes after SMB as well as Gish and Time ♥♥♥♥.The game handles pretty much like SMB with the exception of the dash button is now a drop button. As a result its very satisfying to just navigate through the world -- also the seemless respawn animation makes the game very easy to pick up and get right back into the grit of the level.The stages are composed of levels, and should be treated more like a platforming puzzles as opposed to SMBs adrenaline pumped test of reactions. The game will spike quickly in difficulty in comparison to SMBs curve and you should get a feel of difficulty well within your 2 hour refund period.The idea of the game is less getting from point A to point B, but exploring the world and discovering collectibles. If you want the fast paced platforming of SMB, you will not find it here.I highly recommend this game if you are looking for tight platforming and get a sense of achievement replaying levels to perfect them -- getting the collectible.The music score is worth noting as it is comprised of all, if not mostly classical music tracks remixed."
,Recommended,583470,33604828,Posted: 17 July,all,decsperry,"It's a Meat Boy sequel with a higher focus on adventure and puzzles that create an enjoyable, worthy platformer follow-up. The collectables are never too hard and are plentiful, and serve multiple purposes with extremely hard retro levels and more I can't spoil. However it does become tedious when you have to clear through an entire stage multiple times over with no warp points inbetween for all the collectibles. There are also no really big mechanics that make the game itself. Where SMB was a platformer that shot-for-the-middle, had tight controls and interesting levels, making just an all-round good platformer, The End is Nigh never really shows anything too mechanically innovative (other than the appliances of the ledge-jump), which makes it very much the same as SMB. However, as a fan of Edmund's previous work, I still throughly enjoyed a taste of something new, giving me another game to challenge myself with. It doesn't feature any aspect that is glaringly bad, and for those looking for this type of game (like myself), The End is Nigh is likely to satisfy."
,Recommended,583470,33484102,Posted: 12 July,all,bobbygiant,A game by Edmund McMillen.
,Recommended,583470,33686443,Posted: 20 July,all,MercilessMerc,"The End is Nigh is an arcade-y platformer that feels similar to Super Meat Boy (since Edmund McMillen partly designed both); but the main mechanic involves hanging from ledges/hooks to long jump, rather than being able to wall-jump anywhere. It can still can be played very quickly, and often the fastest path is the most efficient way to progress.Each world consists of 20 or so screens that serve as individual challenges (with many secrets), and if you die you will instantly respawn wherever you came in from. The difficulty curve is well paced, but this game gets very difficult in its second act, so it may not be for everyone. I'm currently at 98% and I'll probably leave it at that, however there are many hidden challenges/achievements that I can still attempt to do, if I feel up to the intense trials.The soundtrack was created by Ridiculon (who composed the OST to BOI: Rebirth), and it consists of short remixes of classical pieces that range from ""Flight of the Bumblebee"", ""In the Hall of the Mountain King"" and ""Night on Bald Mountain"". The soundtrack's repetition in each area will either drive you mad as you fail to make that one jump, or you may find yourself in tune with the game itself, pushing yourself forward just to hear the next song. I was in the latter camp, and I never found the music annoying enough to turn off, even after my hours of failed attempts in the later worlds.Overall I really enjoyed my time with it; it never felt unfair and I never felt too frustrated outside of the cartridges, but I'm probably more patient/skilled than the average player. I may come back and try to beat the 4 cartridges I have left, but I'm satisfied with it at this point. My commendations to Tyler Glaiel and Edmund McMillen; the game feels great, it is fun and accessible, and still presents enough of a challenge for hardcore players who really want test their skills."
,Recommended,583470,33701333,Posted: 21 July,all,sgt zookles,"It's sort of like if the artwork and sound design of Super Meat Boy met the level design of VVVVVV and the dark strangeness of Binding of Isaac, and the collectibles and secrets of the platformer genre came along for the ride too.I mean, you could say that, or you could say it's sort of like The End Is Nigh."
76561198031572369,Recommended,583470,33756079,Posted: 23 July,all,greaseman,"It's hard not to compare it to meat boy. Controllers are similar, but a bit slower and instead of wall-jumping you have ledge-grabbing. Sounds boring, but the levels are designed in such a way that it's a fun skill to master. If you're looking to get all secrets, expect some serious challenge. If you're more casually-inclined, the levels sans tumor-collecting (basically bandages from SMB) provides a balanced experience."
,Recommended,583470,33734005,Posted: 22 July,all,Jaang910,"This game is one of the toughest platformers ever, will take some serious time to 100% for anyone. Tight controls and a worthy successor to Meat Boy."
,Recommended,583470,33525267,Posted: 13 July,all,Voodooknigh,"This game is excellent. The platforming is spot-on, precise and fun. There`s hundreds of levels with countless collectibles to get which raises the challenge - like the dev said on twitter: ""This game is only as challenging as you want it to be."" The graphics are pleasant to look at, though in some retro levels it's hard to tell what's what sometimes. Additionally there isn't that much variety in color, but in a game with worlds themed after certain elements, that's understandable. The music is incredible - remixes of classical music made to pump up the game's atmosphere. The retro versions even get their own separate song.All in all, if you enjoy platformers and exploring within them - this game is a must-have. tenouttaten 5/7"
,Recommended,583470,33676631,Posted: 20 July,all,ati,it's a mastapiece
76561198020479751,Recommended,583470,33555159,Posted: 15 July,all,DUNYANINPATRONU,the game makes you say:- this is probably the worst chapter because of that new annoying element it just introducedat every chapter.Edmund/10
,Recommended,583470,33487236,Posted: 12 July,all,Aecx,"Start the gameHaving funGets past Arid FlatsThe game gets harderDie a lotDie even moreDIEAND MORE DEATHAND EVEN MORE DEATHeven if sometimes you are angry, you still continue to play the game.DIE A LOT MORETHE GAME GETS EVEN MORE HARDERMORE DEATHYou continue playing the game."
,Recommended,583470,33526304,Posted: 13 July,all,Last Train to Bucketheadland,"If you love Super Meat Boy, buy this game, it's worth it.The controls are smooth and precise, tons of collectibles and secrets, difficulty is hardcore but increases in a natural curve, clever level design and mechanics, the OST has nice arrangements of classical songs.Edmund McMillen delivers here what's probably his darkest game yet ( and that's saying a lot ).I will maybe adress the lack of variety in the environments you explore, but aside from that, just go ahead and give it a shot."
,Recommended,583470,33512269,Posted: 13 July,all,damien5700,"I have just completed the game and I can definitively say that this game is an epic spiritual successor to Super Meat Boy, from the innocous start to the awesome finale.  Everything you could want in a platformer is present.  The graphics are smooth and well drawn, the art style is a cool take on the well-treaded post-apocolyptic motif.  The animations are snappy and expressive amd lighting is used to create a cool atmosphere.   Musically the game is a winner too, with remixes on classical tunes.  Some hit more than others, but when they do nail it, they nail it.  Got to give a shout out to the chiptune music that plays during the cart levels, such a seamless transition you'd think it was done 30 years ago.  Funny voice acting, when it is utilized.  A well-written but ambigious lore is present, but you will have to work to access some of it.The ironic thing about this game is that there are Nintendo references all over the place, but this game actually stands toe to toe with anything they have made in a 2-D plane(mainly referring to the DKC reboots).  I've seen nods to Super Metroid, Mario 3, Mario World and others.  If you enjoyed the game Catherine, you'll notice this game takes a couple of design and structural cues from that amazing game as well.The mechanics and gameplay are just as exacting and devilish as before, this time using compact level screens to propel the game forward.  The worlds all have thier twist on the gameplay, and the way they are able to design challenges down to the pixel is still impressive after Meatboy, because no one else does platforming this precise and distilled.  There is a clear and distinct skill progression, so you will notice yourself breezing through worlds you thought were insurmontable a few hours earlier.  You also can choose the order to play certain areas, which is a nice touch.  The hidden goodies are actually more than just bashing the cracked wall, some of these secrets are actually, well secrets.  Shh, don't tell anyone.   And the mini-games are sweet, though I'm just starting to tackle them after beating the game.  I recommened doing the same, as the skill level you will gain will make them more bearable.  But the puns and old school CRT filter are just oozing with charm.The lack of bosses is a bold design choice in itself, it's good that they didn't shoehorn something in just to check of a box.Overall this is an amazing value, and easily a game of the year canidate.  15 hours to beat a platformer, then add a ton more to get the achievements....buy this game full price and don't look back."
,Recommended,583470,33510416,Posted: 13 July,all,Skylake,Only buy this game if you dont mind dying. A lot.
76561198157843963,Recommended,583470,33951146,Posted: 1 August,all,Nitaire,"Bought this at most 3 days ago, writing this review as of 12.7 hours played and having beaten the main story with only 1 true ending left to get I feel I can give some decent insight.This is similar to Super Meat Boy, there's no running and no wall jumping/sliding involved and your character doesn't gain new abilities as he goes, the game just makes you aware at certain points what combining buttons does and how your character can interact with the world.Honestly I love the main character, the platforming isn't stupid hard and the achievements are alright for the most part, collecting tumors (collectibles) is necessary for later game, they do make you aim for higher skills though so be warned some are tough cookies to get.The game does have a spike in difficulty, at points it is very mild and at others it does feel hard and like you don't want to do it as much, sometimes as a result of ""how in the F am I supposed to do this!?"" and sometimes it is because the enemy AI on a few particular enemies is too good, it feels that way but having gone through said levels again it was just me.You have cartridges to collect in this, they're completely optional and beyond letting you play the old retro games and giving you bonus tumors for beating certain achievements they are not needed UNLESS you want the true ending. Sure that sounds like a deal breaker but honestly for how hard it'll be to get the true ending anyway you probably will be happy enough getting the normal 1 first.I consider myself decent at platformers, despite my 12.7 hours (so far) I have died roughly 4K times and counting every time I boot it up. Will be nice to go for the under 200 deaths as I feel I have a good grasp of everything now and believe me there is plenty to keep you occupied if you wish.Overall this game is a bargain and having paid full price I don't have any regrets, sitting at 20 ish achievements and tons left to do I feel this was worth the price I paid. If you enjoy platformers without gimmicks and just skill involved then you'll love this, the soundtrack is pretty damn awesome too!"
76561198073567290,Recommended,583470,33637337,Posted: 18 July,all,Tiny Messiah,"McMillen described it as feeling ""a bit like VVVVVV meets 1001 Spikes with a Spelunky control setup...""So that should give you a good idea what to expect if you're familiar with your tricky jumpers.My thumbs hurt.I've beaten every level but the last, about half the cartridges, and found all the secrets and colectables.It feels like a really good NES homage with the single-screen levels, super tight controls, no run button, and the licence-free music remixes, which are fantastic.I got 106% on SMB and I like this game better so far. Some of the cartrdiges might drive me mad soon though.1000% worth $15.Edit* This game isn't unfair like 1001 Spikes, but it does have the same sort of moving labrynth levels.You can easily tell what everything does by looking at it, so no cheap trap blocks or anything."
76561197966233366,Recommended,583470,33711583,Posted: 21 July,all,Martin Cruise,"An excellent game, in which advancement gives a true sense of achievement due to the sheer frustration and difficulty of the end game, but I never feel cheated and dying is my own fault. You will die a lot."
,Recommended,583470,33499219,Posted: 13 July,all,K[A]NE,"That's more ""I Wanna Be The Guy"" then ""Super Meat Boy""."
76561198133735775,Recommended,583470,33503255,Posted: 13 July,all,Miguel Phelps (Hunter),"As of this review, it is two days after release and i have 8 hours in the game.I have been very hyped for this game for a while now, all i can say is that its very challenging, extremely rage inducing and all around a good time. If you are a fan of SMB or any other Edmund game, get the end is nighThankyou TylerThankyou Ed"
,Recommended,583470,33770570,Posted: 24 July,all,Sonic_RocketPotatoL62,"What happens when you take spewer, give it gish's mechanics,throw it in the world of SMB, boil it in gamer's tears, and give it a pinch of salt? You get this game.The end is nigh is a precision platformer that seems to be an extension of a lot of Ed's previous platformers. The comparisons to meat boy are inevitable so I'll address the elephant in the room.-This game's overall look is similar to that of meat boy's, but it's more polished.-Some of the enemies and hazards return in the form of something else.-The dark world and warp zones return to some extent.-The difficulty is up to par with meat boyHowever, this game is by no means a sequel to super meat boy, and that's not what we should expect going into it imo.Pros :-Ash's controls are tight, fast, and responsive.-The areas are detailed and do a good job setting in the atmosphere.-The soundtrack is fantastic, and definitely adds to the environment.-Almost all collectibles are obtainable from the get go, which lessens the pain of backtracking.-The level design is great-This game favors exploration and keeping your eyes peeled for secrets, the room-to-room style of progression from most of ed's games is removed in favor of a gauntlet of levels.-This game can challenge people of pretty much any skill level, the difficulty can surpass meat boy at times.-this game does a good job of teaching you how it works.-despite an extreme amount of deaths, (I have 6000+ after beating the full main game, not including nevermore). This game doesn't seem as rage inducing as meat boy, at least not until theWarp zonesend game bonus content.Cons :-Some of the jumps require almost pixel perfect accuracy and timing, which can result in trial and error.-most of the enemies areA N N O Y I N Gand can definitely hinder the experience, this can be lessened by paying attention to their patterns though.-There are some really annoying hazards in this game as well, such as polluted air.-Some of the collectibles are very poorly placed, but most of them are clever.-There is a distinct lack of bosses in this game, which is a shame because there was more of a focus on enemies this time around. The climax is still pretty good though.-sometimes the gripping mechanic can work against you.-The story is nothing to write home about.Overall, I really enjoyed this game and preferred it over super meat boy, I can reccomend this game to any precision platformer fan."
76561198040948585,Recommended,583470,34514048,Posted: 26 August,all,dj.zeus,"brutally hard, brutally addictive.  As much as i loved (obsessed with) super meat boy i think the end is nigh tops it with what feels like tighter controls and overall better polish (imo).  Edmund's level design is stella as always, every single screen is a joy to play (countless times i might add), the music/sfx is on point, tonnes of secrets.  Simply one of the greatest platform games of all time, i'll be coming back time and time again to play this gem of a game, get it now!played with an xbox one controller :)"
,Recommended,583470,33567807,Posted: 15 July,all,Captain K'nuckles,the end is indeed nigh
,Recommended,583470,33494234,Posted: 12 July,all,Dr Zicter,The tight and painful Super Meat Boy fun in a different flavor
76561198037922398,Recommended,583470,33494861,Posted: 12 July,all,Capten Mo,"If you're into games like SMB, this is a must. Tight controls and well thought out levels."
,Recommended,583470,33495679,Posted: 12 July,all,The Grizzled Boor,I died 98 times in just over 17 minutes. The End is Nigh does not dissapoint.
,Recommended,583470,33496197,Posted: 12 July,all,Lark,Super meat boy meets i wanna be the guy with awesome music.
,Recommended,583470,33494068,Posted: 12 July,all,electoon,"If you're looking for a game that makes you want to kill yourself, The End is Nigh is for you.Edmund tries to once again prove to everyone that he's the best at videogames by making a game only he can beat.But that's ok, because as♥♥♥♥♥blastingly difficult as it is, it's never the games fault. You're always 100% in control, which is wonderful. Levels are really fun, as are finding secrets and collectibles.Did I say it's never the game's fault? I meant every level except the water levels. The controls in water are so ♥♥♥♥y and unmanageable that it will make you want to tear your nuts off.Is it still worth it to get this game? Yes, if you're willing to♥♥♥♥♥♥out the turd that is the underwater stages."
,Recommended,583470,33640042,Posted: 18 July,all,Index154,"Let's get the topics I have less to say about out of the way first.Controls:The controls are precise, simple and feel good. In all of my time with the game I have never felt like the controls were the cause of any of my (over 8000) deaths. I have been using keyboard.Music and sound effects:The soundtrack is a host of remade classical pieces and as expected of Ridiculon, it is great. The sounds are also mostly very good, though some seem a bit too loud and others get annoying after a while.Visuals:Looks pretty good for a 2D platformer.Story:The story is obviously not the focus of the game. It's rather simple but it's not boring.Gameplay:Now for the big one. The gameplay, the most important aspect of the product at hand.The game is not easy. At times it is brutally difficult. However, the game is still a lot of fun and most of the time, the difficulty is fair. The main levels are generally not too frustrating. There are many little collectibles and secrets, a great amount of achievements and the number of levels the game has to offer is amazing. Beating hard challenges is satisfying and there are some optional insanely difficult ones for the hardcore players.The game does have some flaws though:1. It makes you replay levels multiple times if you want to collect all the collectibles. Some people may dislike this. (I personally have no problem with it)2. A few levels contain obstacles that are unpredictable and unfair. This issue is only present in maybe about 1% of all levels though and it mostly doesn't have a high chance of killing you. But it sucks when it does.3. If you are bad at platformers or have a short temper, this game could be incredibly frustrating for you.Bonus:The End is Nigh is very easily moddable and I expect a lot of great level packs and other various mods to be released in the near future. This gives the game quite a bit more longevity. I am modding it myself and I never expected to put so many hours into a singleplayer platformer.All in all, the game is still great and I wholeheartedly recommend it."
76561198020816071,Recommended,583470,35430657,Posted: 2 October,all,trenchlocked,a suicidal mario game. Made my teeth hurt. 10/10 would die again
,Recommended,583470,33562567,Posted: 15 July,all,Anteron,"After a first run through the game, understanding mechanics, the little story and all the easter eggs,I can only say that THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME !Controls are instant, responsive, fluid and precise !As a plateformer this game is challenging as ♥♥♥♥ !There's a ♥♥♥♥ton of levels, challenges, replayability, secrets, easter eggs, roads, themes and a good soundtrack on top of that !If you're in love with games like N++ or SMB, that's for you !"
76561198040802073,Recommended,583470,33540049,Posted: 14 July,all,Zagula,"So after Completing this game and finding some of the secrets (not 100% but i´m planning to do that) i can honestly say this is another great platformer made by Edmund Mcmillen (and Tyler Glaiel).as expected this game is hard and i mean really hard if you played meatboy before you probably knew that already especially if you are going for some of the secret areas.So what about the Gameplay? if you wanted a meatboy 2 then i can say you are looking at the wrong game since here the platforming is less fast paced and is more focused on precise maneuvering (take i wanna be the guy as an example but without cheap traps) also you have no walljump in this game but instead you can hang on ledges and hooks and do a longer jump from there.As for the basic controlls (jumping and walking) they feel the same as in Meat boy wich is a good thing since those controlls where perfectthe music is also really good too they are all classical composed pieces like Danse macabre,Flight of the bumblebee,In the Hall of the Mountain King, and many more but remixed to fit more to the theme of the game so if you are a fan of those you might recognise some morethe only thing i kinda missed where boss battles. I was hoping there would be some but sadly there are no bossesalso one thing that is kinda annoyed me is that you can only warp to the beginning of every world meaning that if you miss something in between you have to walk all the way trough the world until you are at the desired place making secret hunting a bit more tedious if you don t wanna look up a guidei recommend this game to people who like-Hard platformers-precision platformers-classic music pieces-dying allot-videogames-flies-and collecting tumors ?"
76561198010341924,Recommended,583470,33527245,Posted: 13 July,all,RottenCurry,it's fun :)
,Recommended,583470,33527478,Posted: 13 July,all,Luffy,"super hard platformer, super fun, and super graphics. get this game if you like super meat boySuper 10/ Super10"
,Recommended,583470,33716615,Posted: 22 July,all,Glassy Cannon,yes
,Recommended,583470,34046973,Posted: 5 August,all,"Aurielle, Cat-eared Angel",It's GOODIt's HARDIt's LONGIts sounds will SATISFY YOUAnd it's not my♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy it if you like challenges
76561198117494277,Recommended,583470,33506681,Posted: 13 July,all,Cha0Z,A new classic is born.
76561198060425410,Recommended,583470,34057390,Posted: 6 August,all,Toasty,"The End Is Nigh is a adventure platformer game collaboration between Edmund McMillen and Tyler Glaiel where Edmund draws most of the art and Tyler writes most of the programing.Comparison to Super Meat BoyOne of the first things that people talk about right away with this game is how it compares to Super Meat Boy. I haven't played much of Super Meat Boy, but I don't think it's a fair comparison because despite them both being platformers that Edmund helped to create, they offer very different playstyles to the player. Super Meat boy is fast and requires a lot more reflex than The End Is Nigh. Ash is less slippery than Meat Boy and doesn't have the wall jump. The few things that this game does have in common with Edmund's other platformer are Edmund's art style, high difficulty, Good controls, and a rocking soundtrack.StoryThis game takes place after an unexplained apocalypse that destroyed the world leaving only most of Ash and a few other survivors alive. Ash is first seen playing a game cartridge before it breaks which causes him to start screaming ""F♥CK"" until he calms down. He decides that now is the time to go and ""Make a friend"" which involves gathering three parts and putting them together. In order to get those parts Ash has to leave his home and go out and explore the world.Ash puts his friend together and has a great time with it. The semi-sentient corpse is implied to have drugged Ash and started a second apocalypse while Ash was asleep. When he wakes up, he has to confront his friend about this betrayal.When Ash finally arrives deep within the Earth he finds his friend attached to a giant glowing orb. He decides that it's time for them to split ways and then has to escape from the orb before it ends the world a third time. Unfortunately for Ash, even if he does manage to escape he is consumed by the explosion and is killed.GameplayPlatformingAsh controls really well and feels nice to move around. At no point in this game did I ever feel like I didn't have full control of Ash's movement (not even during those last few stages in Ruin that had gravity pulling ash to the left). Even in the water and in the air you can move Ash left and right or use the trigger to force him to fall faster. The control being good is important because in this game you are going to diea lot. Most of the time your goal is just simply to get to the other side of the stage without dying. You could also go after tumors but even then the goal is still to get them and then leave the stage. The kind of obstacles that Ash will face are spikes, lava, projectiles, and enemies. All of these of course kill Ash on contact. Dying just places you back where you entered the level and the levels in this game aren't very long so you only lose a few seconds of progress every time you die which encourages you to try again and again until you can finish it. Sometimes you will have to look before you leap and take a moment to think about how you're going to go through the stage before you start running in because you don't want to be stuck avoiding projectiles while you think of the next place you have to jump to. It feels very methodical because there are lots of times where you can only barely make a jump and you have to knowhowto pull it off before you actually pull it off.TumorsTumors are the collectable of this game. There is one in just about every level in every world with a total of 450 collectable tumors. Tumors are usually placed in spots that are harder to get to and add a bit of an extra challenge to the stage if you decide to bother collecting them. Collecting a tumor doesn't add it to your total tumor count right away since it requires that you exit the stage without dying or have to get the tumor again. It's not until about 3/4s into the game that tumors actually benefit you in anyway. Onceyour friend betrays youtumors will function as a life count and you will lose one life every time you die which will result in a game over that sends you back to the beginning of the world you lost your last life in. They are replenished as soon as you exit the worlds where this is active or when you use a warp point. If you collect a certain number of tumors you can find ""Steven""s scattered throughout the game that allow you to see the future. There are four future levels and each one of them offers a special game cartridge when you finish it.CartridgesThere is one hidden in every world. You can play these on Ash's TV and they're pretty much more of the main game but in low-bit and with challenges like collect all of the coins or complete it without using a continue. They offer bonus tumors if you finish them and you can get up to an additional 52 tumors which will push your save file completion over 100% if you already have the 450 tumors that are in the worlds.World DesignJust as the steam tags imply this is an adventure platformer which means that there will be to at least some degree some exploration and platforming. Worlds are seperated into 16-20 ""levels"" with a warp point at the start of each world allowing you to travel to any previously visited warp points. I call them levels but each level is connected to the last and in some worlds you can skip some levels or you might have to come back to a level but from a different entry point in order to reach someplace that you couldn't get to before. The worlds themselves are also conncted to each other and will eventually come to a split where you can branch off into three different world pathways. This is in my opinion the biggest factor that seperates The End Is Nigh from Super Meat Boy- the open world. Each world contains secret areas with mega tumors that are worth five tumors each and cartridges. You can usually find secret areas by looking for a falling block, a lone ledge stub, fake walls, or a seemingly bottomless pit that doesn't seem like it belongs there. Most worlds also have locked doors which you require you to get a key from somewhere else and then return to that world once you have a spare key. Besides gathering collectables the secret areas also allow you to interact with more NPCs which can offer funny dialogue or a small bit of insight into the world.SoundtrackThe whole soundtrack is rock covers of classical music. Holy ♥♥♥♥.It sounds really good and I reccomend you give it a listen and consider buying it fromRidiculon's Bandcampso you can get the BONUS BONUS song if you pay exactly $6.66."
,Recommended,583470,34123987,Posted: 9 August,all,i dont fucking care anymore,"Never thought I'd ever say ""I just want the ♥♥♥♥ing tumour"" in my life."
,Recommended,583470,33876514,Posted: 29 July,all,lonewolf™,"So, here we are. Super Meat Boy 2! Oh wait...nevermind. It is in no way a sequel to Meat Boy nor related to it in any way. But, that is one of the reasons why i like this game.On a graphical standpoint, levels have a simple but pretty interesting design, as well as detail.Controls are pretty light and straightforward. However, the difficulty progression in the game seems to know no boundaries. By the time you reach The Future set of levels, everything changes. Difficulty basically jumps up a bunch and it keeps on getting harder, especially in secret areas. If you're somewhat familiar with game's mechanics - you more than likely won't end up looking at Game Over screen, since for some reason, your lives will have a limit from then on. Same applies to cart games. At least though, you can afford to take your time, which i appreciate.As for the story, let's just say that a game such as this doesn't really need one, but it has its moments nevertheless. I am not a fan of Ash's background though, however, it doesn't affect experience.In overall, game offers a lot of interesting and tricky levels for you to enjoy, secrets, as well as achievements. It is indeed a good challenge, even though it's frustrating from time to time and from a certain point in the game, most of it will be just trial and error.To anyone who cares: if you value your sanity but still wanna try this game, i would recommend starting with Super Meat Boy, to get the idea of how the challenge is and how the difficulty would be progressing."
,Recommended,583470,33494924,Posted: 12 July,all,RyanH,"It's like Super Meat Boy, if it was harder."
,Recommended,583470,33529799,Posted: 13 July,all,kale,Hey I finished the game.no
76561198048092359,Recommended,583470,33530732,Posted: 14 July,all,Seppo,"Edmund has done it again, he created another platformer that is super difficult. In typical McMillen fashion the story is disturbing this time around its about a streamer playing his favourite game, the apocalypse, death and decay, there might be more to it but i'm not far enough into the game to tell for sure. The game has tons of secrets and collectibles, also keydoors which force you to replay through older levels to get everything but once you know how to get through the levels its usually quite fast. The controls are super tight it just feels good going through the levels, there are some minor issues like the ledge grab doesn't always work perfectly but that doesn't diminish the game in any way. The music is amazing, even better than in other Edmund games.If you haven't already buy this game, it is great."
76561198025091364,Recommended,583470,33640800,Posted: 18 July,all,Dante,Nice platform game. Super Meat Boy in XXXL Scale.
,Recommended,583470,33663163,Posted: 19 July,all,THE FREAKIN EMO ROBOT,barely met the reccomended system requirements
76561197978131107,Recommended,583470,34131646,Posted: 9 August,all,Superbeef,"Ed, Isaac is good and End is Nigh is decent, but I'd really love it if you could pretty please kiss and make up with Tommy ""reefer madness"" Refenes and just make a proper game? Thanks dude."
,Recommended,583470,33598300,Posted: 16 July,all,Presuda,"The End is Nigh does what it does well. There is no real gimic to the game you're just platforming thoughout the whole thing. The controls feel nice, the level design is interesting and unique, and  the soundtrack is an incredible remix of classical music.There are some tricks in the level design that feel a little cheap. However it doesn't subtract from the overall experience.The art is beautifully stylistic.There is also an incredable ammount of content for the asking price of $15Would reccomend."
,Recommended,583470,33599602,Posted: 16 July,all,deadmeat,cardiac arrest simulator
,Recommended,583470,33485580,Posted: 12 July,all,xTenebrous,It's very good!
,Recommended,583470,34135202,Posted: 9 August,all,Aster1,"If you want to suffer pain and frustration, this is the right game for you.If you want to scream, this is the right game for you.If you want to laugh and cry, this is the right game for you.If you want to spent countless hours with dying over and over again, this is the right game for you.If every single point is something, that you want, then you are sick.But that's okay, because this game is awesome.(Also, the Soundtrack is the best. Buy it, too)."
,Recommended,583470,33491558,Posted: 12 July,all,ttsbb1,"My thumbs hurt, 10/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed again"
76561198068561053,Recommended,583470,33486311,Posted: 12 July,all,Prophet of Profit,This game made me go to the future. and die there. 200 times. worth it.
76561198009384693,Recommended,583470,33486674,Posted: 12 July,all,gantybop,"Save file 1.Time Spent - 00:47:22Deaths - 258Yeah, it's good."
,Recommended,583470,33567800,Posted: 15 July,all,DarkTroZo,"What a paradoxical game! You advance through the different stages collecting tumors, but instead, in real life, this game gave me AIDS."
,Recommended,583470,33611701,Posted: 17 July,all,Nudasz,OH♥♥♥♥♥♥BOIIINEW EDMUND MCMILLEN GAMESo this is kind of a meat boy 3. BUT IT'S EVEN HARDER.Also RIdiculon make the best music ok bye
76561198034301051,Recommended,583470,33548754,Posted: 14 July,all,QUIZNAK,"1 hour in300 + deathsAnd i've loved every second of it,Thank you Ed and Tyler."
,Recommended,583470,33510343,Posted: 13 July,all,RL,Super Meat Boy 2
76561198036874571,Recommended,583470,33496679,Posted: 12 July,all,420 PRAISE IT,This game breaks new ground
,Recommended,583470,33575267,Posted: 15 July,all,Sky,"Borrowing Heavily (and intelligently) from his past work, Edmund McMillen's The End is Nigh is a difficult, yet extremely fun platforming challenge, while also providing a great narrative"
,Recommended,583470,33484554,Posted: 12 July,all,Palykario,Very Meat Boy-like but has enough of its own seperate feel and playstyle to feel all its own.
,Recommended,583470,33489510,Posted: 12 July,all,Mr. Narrator,Totally not a Meat boy.Just kidding. It's like Meat boy with extra dip.
,Recommended,583470,33645489,Posted: 18 July,all,ratjarorigins,"Highly precise movement, fluid controls, and dope OST. As a big fan of Super Meat Boy, along with platformers in general, I can definitely give a glowing recommendation for this game. Hard as nails, but fun as hell."
,Recommended,583470,33499896,Posted: 13 July,all,R60D,It's something.
,Recommended,583470,33498776,Posted: 13 July,all,Kalinka,Pros+hard+death obsessed+makes me want to dieCons-it hasnt driven me to kill myself
,Recommended,583470,33851818,Posted: 28 July,all,aerozol,"Super Meat boy but a bit slower, less fun, and just as massive.Really good."
76561198052573268,Recommended,583470,33570693,Posted: 15 July,all,Owlucard,"really good, thanks Ed McMuffin!"
,Recommended,583470,33871016,Posted: 28 July,all,julioantonaccio,para masoquistas se deleitarem ouvindo músicas clássicas 8bit style10/10
,Recommended,583470,33580488,Posted: 16 July,all,*Sam,You're basically some dude who's favorite game broke and now you have to go and get some p*ssy.
,Recommended,583470,33784840,Posted: 25 July,all,icn,"+Dude, remember Super Meat Boy? That game was insane!-Yeah, I guess so. But dude, duuuude. What if it was actually insane? You know, like clinically.+Woah, dude, that sounds crazy. No one 'd make a game like that.Introducing:Complete and Utter Insanity - The Videogame(also known as The End Is Nigh)"
,Recommended,583470,33607565,Posted: 17 July,all,Colex,"Dying is always your fault, and always solvable by running the level more efficiently. Amazing game, definitely comparable to Super Meat Boy despite its differences."
,Recommended,583470,33609667,Posted: 17 July,all,SLURM187,Sort of a mix of the gameplay from SMB and the aesthetic from Bind of Isaac. This is a great game if you are a fan of frustrangly difficult games. I mean that in a totally positive way. This is a game for people that enjoy classic games that actually punished your mistakes and made you feel rewarded for patience and perserverance. Nice work Ed.
,Recommended,583470,33545038,Posted: 14 July,all,jdetraz,"Another great platformer by Edmund McMillen. Expect to die, retry, and die again... a lot."
,Recommended,583470,33576039,Posted: 15 July,all,Rick-C137,its hard
,Recommended,583470,33524883,Posted: 13 July,all,EMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL,"Hell. Have you ever experienced hell? Probably not, but if you've bought this game youbasically flew business class right into the gaping♥♥♥♥♥♥of itFull Review:https://youtu.be/7z2RVBfNdh4"
76561198032686314,Recommended,583470,33507344,Posted: 13 July,all,Landgreen,"Another classic my Edmund. A true sequal to the charming yet difficult platformer, super meat boy. This game has all the same challenges and perils as the latter however I do have some gripes with the game. The music is not as memorable as meat boy's ost. A lot of it is royalty free music composed to fit with the mood. I know Danny and Edmund will not work togethor anymore but atleast put effort into the music. Everything else is good and although not as polished as meat boy, I still recommend it."
,Recommended,583470,33798179,Posted: 25 July,all,Ness,"9.9/10soundtrack doesnt work, refreshed, resetted, tried everything (yes, i bought it.)"
,Recommended,583470,33491098,Posted: 12 July,all,Phillip Jeffries,If you like Edmunds style you'll like this game. That's pretty much all there is to it. Also Rich Evans too.
,Recommended,583470,33547486,Posted: 14 July,all,ArtZoyd,"Just reviewing this to say that I love the fact that they use Erik Satie's work for several songs in the soundtrack! For those of you unfamiliar, he was a french minimalist classical composer in the early 1900s.Also, for all the people giving a bad review saying this is too difficult: LolWhat I also want to say is that I also disagree with people saying this isn't like meatboy and the levels aren't as calculated. They definitely are. As soon as you find the correct rhythym to each stage, you should be able to do it. I think the art, music, and level design in this game really allows you to feel the pulse of Ash moving through each world."
76561198078475451,Recommended,583470,33528925,Posted: 13 July,all,GnomeDompski,"Original/ TLDR:Welcome to Super I Wanna Be the Meat Bros <3Yes, to me it seems like a nice mix of Super Meat Boy, I Wanna Be the Guy, and Super Mario bros 3. It is tough as nails, as well as very rewarding when you finally nail down a room that seemed impossible the first dozen deaths!I'm three hours in and already have over fifteen hundred deaths...----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Updated: After playing more I will say this game is an 8.5 out of 10 for me so far. It continues to add new elements, and challange the player throughout the chapters progressions. It really reminds me of Super Meat Boy in that design.The gameplay consists of a wide variety of platforming puzzle rooms, tight controls, and the classic humor you know and love from Edmund. Also a few deaths. Can't forget about those...Going back to try and find secrets, and more tumors, is in the end fun. That adds a great deal of replayability. The NES era nostalgia that many design elements brings up is heavy and very much welcome. Even the complaint that you have to restart a world from the beginning each time seems to be apart of the triubute to old school gaming that this is. Back then you didn't save your game. If you wanted to play SMB3 you started from the beginning each time.It isn't perfect though. There are some bugs that are being worked on, although non that will jump out as an evening ruiner. The puzzles at times can feel too obtuse, but again, that just reminds me of old school games where some secrets were rarely found without searching for them.The biggest complaint to be had with the game is the backtracking. Some rooms can only be 100% done if you make sure to try again from the other direction. Which ones? You won't know... A few times I thought a tumor had to be backtracked, only to find out that the room closes off when you go through it. That means the easy mistake to try a backtrack attempt means that I HAVE to try again later from the beginning of that map/floor.Not a crazy burden though with the ability to warp to any map/floor from the start menu.-----------------------------------------------------------------"
,Recommended,583470,33637428,Posted: 18 July,all,AWJ,♥♥♥♥ meatboy this game is the crack cocaine of platformersgive them all your money
76561198069052412,Recommended,583470,34005524,Posted: 3 August,all,Lying_Cake,"♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ you Edmund, I'm ragequitting.10/10Seriously though, ♥♥♥♥ yourself."
76561198033144891,Recommended,583470,33486032,Posted: 12 July,all,CrapTears,"You think this game is very similar to Super Meat Boy?Yes, you are right.Don't get me wrong, coz this is definitely another great fxxking game just like SMB.Would update this review after 100 hours, maybe.Tumor/10"
76561198057471819,Recommended,583470,33494875,Posted: 12 July,all,zachary_putnam,"Just when i thought the birds in ninja gidan were bad, the end is nigh just introduced the worst birds in all of gaming!  One reason, RNG bird jumping!  This game is finding all diferent ways of torturing me!  First, pixel perfect timings, then the retro games that force you to beat the whole thing without one death, then the secrets that i spend so many years finding, then everything in the hell-themed level, and now brid jumping!  This game is probely harder then Super Meat boy!"
,Recommended,583470,33489565,Posted: 12 July,all,Shrub,i only have a nVidia 99999GTX TI SLIx100 but i'm still able to run it alright.
76561198289256719,Recommended,583470,34064455,Posted: 6 August,all,SUGAR TITS,"This game is phenominal. It's funny, it's cleaver, it's difficult but easy to get a hang of, it's just an a around great game which I plan on playing until completion. I would recommend this game. However, a review can only get you so far. If you want a better idea of this game, come check out my Let's Play that I did on it. I'll put a link to it below. Have a wonderful day.https://youtu.be/yYMD56oC2EI"
76561197967111158,Recommended,583470,33503026,Posted: 13 July,all,Skato,"Just finished the first chapter and boy was it a blast, a bunch of secrets that you need to look out for. Spent 15 minutes trying to maneuver a ""secret"" that wasn't even a secret after all. Still enjoyed every second of it though. Edmund makes the best games."
,Recommended,583470,33502432,Posted: 13 July,all,mbed1,Tombs & Torture felt like actual torture.10/10 Accurate Game
,Recommended,583470,34204221,Posted: 12 August,all,spoon,"You know, this game looked easy on when I watched peepz play it on YouTube.It isn't, especially if you are trying to collect the tumors.This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ (It's fun but still. Ye)Good luck."
76561198045752399,Recommended,583470,33758843,Posted: 23 July,all,"Krog, Almighty Toad",Really great game! Perfect for all skill ranges
,Recommended,583470,33527865,Posted: 13 July,all,monkeysvsrobots,"This is a surprisingly solid game so far. Compared to Super Meat Boy (which honestly isn't the most fair comparison, but for obvious reasons it's going to be made) it's almost exactly the kind of spiritual successor I wanted. My biggest gripe is the music. A large number of tracks in The End is Nigh are remixes of songs in the public domain -- meaning you've definitely heard them before. The tracks are also EXTREMELY short, looping over and over again, which can become very agitating. I can see how some people may like the way they did music, but personally I don't at all.Other than the issue I have with music, from a speedrunning perspective it seems like it's going to be fun. There's very precise movement in some places, which I was I fan of in Meat Boy. I've seen people wanting to augment their speed in some way, but when I play Meat Boy I basically never let go of the run button anyway.If you're thinking of getting this game and you haven't played Super Meat Boy, go play that instead.If you like Super Meat Boy and want more of the same type of game, this is an amazing game to turn to."
,Recommended,583470,33526728,Posted: 13 July,all,Cornchak,I thought I didn't like this game as much as super meat boy and then I got to the future and realized that I did.
76561197976715143,Recommended,583470,33563222,Posted: 15 July,all,Deadite AGK,The End is Nigh: A Brutal Metaphor of Life and Death… and Deathhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP9aXmf8Yuw
76561198029585420,Recommended,583470,35005552,Posted: 16 September,all,Yeager,"Annoying, maddening, frustating,... but great."
,Recommended,583470,33486924,Posted: 12 July,all,Myopic,"Another precision platformer made by the creative genius himself, Edmund mcmillen, with the help of Tyler Glaiel. Ash is the sole survivor of an apocalypse on a quest to find a friend."
,Not Recommended,583470,33618026,Posted: 17 July,all,{yf} birth,"As a former super meat boy player, my expectations were way too high for this game. the controls are finnicky, and BASICALLY REQUIRE a gamepad to play, the levels are WAY too easy without the tumors, but too hard/ slow paced with them. Without being able to warp to a specific level, its a pain to go back and get one that you missed or couldnt understand how to get. The soundtrack is also odd compared to the game, being too upbeat and repetitive. however, it is graphically pleasing and has some good humor spread through every few levels, found on the skeletons to talk to. compared to super meat boy, this game is not as fun, fast paced, or crisp on its controls. however, if you want to pick it up to try, (and return within 2 hours of gametime if its not to your liking) I know people who rave about this game, so it's worth a shot."
76561198280444416,Recommended,583470,35229174,Posted: 26 September,all,Ectoplasman,"In the first 10 hours of the game, I broke my controller.DO NOT play this game if you have:Anger issuesSuicidal thoughtsBetter things to doStill a great game though, just stay calm and don't turn into me.9/10 would consider suicide again"
,Recommended,583470,33485477,Posted: 12 July,all,Salty Sardine,"Breadmund, where's my linux version? :thinking:"
,Recommended,583470,33487484,Posted: 12 July,all,scary mharti!!,5 minutes already can't get enough of this gamethank you so much Edmund McMillen and Tyler Gaiel
,Recommended,583470,35337602,Posted: 30 September,all,TeenageDragon,A very frustrating yet addictive game that gets you angry and makes you feel like breaking the controller but also fills you with satisfaction when you complete the levels. Gotta give this one a try if you're a fan of platformers.
,Recommended,583470,34424015,Posted: 22 August,all,slowpoke,Edmund I hate your ♥♥♥♥ing guts!!!!!!!!1(ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴀᴍᴇ ɪs ʀᴇᴀʟʟʏ ɢʀᴇᴀᴛ ʙᴛᴡ ɪ ʟᴏᴠᴇ ɪᴛ)
,Recommended,583470,33598001,Posted: 16 July,all,legg,of all the time i played it i didnt die once i am just awesome ! thanks for reading :)(btw i was joking it is hard!!!!i did die in it)
,Recommended,583470,33497190,Posted: 13 July,all,"""Pleb","The End Is Nigh is a sprawling adventure platformer where you die a lot, but thats ok because you are probably already dead anyway"
,Recommended,583470,33583703,Posted: 16 July,all,the lost hamburger,"Effing amazing game, playing it felt like playing Super Meat Boy (with some success) for the first time. Go figure. It's packed with content, and, I think, will take about 50 hours if you're going for most achievments, 10-20 for just beating the game.Good Shet / An Edmund McMillen game"
,Recommended,583470,33585128,Posted: 16 July,all,trip,"Why do people keep bringing up super meat boy? I finished the game & jessus christ it made me mad - in a good way. Didn't want to stop playing until I finally beat it, interested in getting the collectables over time so it's definantely got some replay value for sure."
,Recommended,583470,34116419,Posted: 8 August,all,12p Ronald,"The End is Nigh is a precision platformer with many different mechanics, tons of levels and a nice style accompanied with a great soundtrack. The focus of this game is in the difficulty, so I will attempt to describe it to you.Maingame: fun platformer -> fun, brutal platformerPostgame: more emphasis on brutalExtra content: spicy -> balls to the wall difficult"
76561198031799936,Recommended,583470,34301070,Posted: 16 August,all,MY C0MPUTER,"This is a solid 2D platformer with a simple theme and excellent soundtrack, that is why i recommend it.If you like these types of games then my praise will not be effective, but I must warn you. Not adding to the other reviews here I have two HUGE problems with it.Problem 1:The vast majority of levels are hard but well designed. Every main level is never too hard and you can 100% the main story quite easily. But there are some hidden levels that you can unlock known as ""Cart Levels"". While these are not essential (praise the lord) they are considerably harder than anything else in the game. Harder than most levels even in Super Meat Boy.I say this not because they require precision or reflexes. They are insanely long and unforgiving. Some people like grinding through time consuming levels over and over again until they learn not to stuff up, but fundamentally this difficulty doesn't challenge anything other than trial and error, and memory. I do not find this fun at all. If you want all of the achievements (like me) you will have to complete 10 or more stage levels in one life. Each stage may not be that hard, but doing them perfectly every time can be very stressful and dull. If you are trying to practice one life over and over again, you will have to quit the cart and enter again, which wastes a lot of time.Defend it however you want, I call this poor design.Problem 2:People seem to have a hard time explaining the difficulty of this game, comparing it to super meat boy a lot. Relative to other platformers, this is not that close to SMB. The difficulty may vary from player to player. But there are two things everyone agrees with in the end. The cart levels are what make this game extremely difficult (and the final stage, but the final stage is optional and really kind of fitting), and the difficulty spikes really fast. I consider this an underrated problem because a lot of other platformers will either : A, slowly introduce you to more and more obstacles and interactions, or B, will introduce you to the whole world at once, allowing you to explore and come back at your own pace.This game is neither. It is linear and branches at only two points ever. The difficulty is immediately above what i consider new players to be comfortable with. There is still a progression of difficulty  throughout the game, but it is so small it is negligible (until you reach the last few worlds where it spikes again). Being used to these kinds of games i had no problem with it, but I can easily imagine someone who starts this game with no experience at all. I'm willing to bet it wouldn't be so fun.TL:DRGame = SolidBonus levels (cart levels) = not fun/boringDifficulty progression = starts hard doesn't change for most of the game"
,Recommended,583470,33684282,Posted: 20 July,all,Coconut,This game is very fun and challenging. A great platformer.
,Recommended,583470,33499903,Posted: 13 July,all,EpPSoN_ActioN,"Someone might say: ""Oh my God this is a new Super Meat Boy!""But they will be wrong! You can not compare The End Is Nigh and Super Meat Boy! This game has its own name The End Is Nigh and this name will blow up the Internet! With such potential the game at least will rise at the same level as SMB and I believe that this game will be able to surpass Super Meat Boy!Edmund, Please add a Steam collection cards to The End Is Nigh <3"
76561197988256959,Recommended,583470,33636150,Posted: 18 July,all,TylerTheCripple,If you liked super meat boy at all you will like thisIt's pretty much that but with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tumors
76561198362706694,Recommended,583470,33636814,Posted: 18 July,all,Libertine892,"Fun, challenging & fast paced, Reminisent of Meat boy obviously doesnt feel as hard in places but still a brilliant game for anyone who likes tough, precise platformers. Also loads of collectables and mini games!"
,Recommended,583470,33620260,Posted: 17 July,all,raosnoop,"Really fun game, loved smb and has good sense of explorationmild spoiler:I don't really feel satisfied with how everything ended, hope there is dlc or a sequel because I really enjoyed everything else."
,Recommended,583470,33621608,Posted: 17 July,all,Well Imagine My Shok,"This game has its cake and eats it too by structuring itself to allow the player to choose which content to tackle, as the game can vary from mildly difficult all the way up to extremely challenging. The game also manages to serve as an adventure platforming, hiding a number of secrets in the game in the form of clever level design, at the expense of removing the wall jump and sprint mechanics which restricts player movement enough to allow for this sort of level design. Also theres no sprint button so you can actually play it with a keyboard which if you're like me was a huge dealbreaker in SMB.Overall this game is very good, easily my second favourite edmund game behind boi and ahead of smb. To go into what I like about it would take too long for a review so few people will probably read, but if you like either puzzle platformers or precision platformers this game is definitely for you. It also has phenomenal visual design and a killer soundtrack. I honestly cant think of any real criticisms I have aside from a few of the enemies being poorly designed mechanically (looking at you skullbirds) luckily the devs must have noticed this and restricted them each to a single area. Overall this game is a solid 9.5/10 for me, and I dont even usually like platformers that much!"
76561197997095172,Recommended,583470,33627815,Posted: 18 July,all,Outline,"Some of the challenges in this game will have you pulling your hair out. If you are a 100%-seeker, be warned."
76561198046938505,Recommended,583470,33664010,Posted: 19 July,all,Quique Pizza,15 buckos well spentI will never regret having this masterpiece in my library.
,Recommended,583470,33670967,Posted: 20 July,all,Who the fuck,"A great lil' platformer with an interesting setting, just don't expect to get as much out of it as Isaac or SMB because when you complete the main story... that's sort of it unless you want to go for the cartrages, which are essensially more levels with super low graphic settings."
76561198044175169,Recommended,583470,33622164,Posted: 17 July,all,Mature_Gambino,"The End is Nigh trashes the wall jumps and speed ups in favor of a more percision based platformer.The art style is simplistic but does its job in capturing an end of world sort of feeling. Ash's design is simple, but goes with the overall effect the game's style tries to make.The music is outstanding and Edmund has done it again with extremely well done soundtracks.My main issue with the game is that there are instances where you essentially are forced to die to learn what something dies, and levels are not doable at first glance. You have to learn what something does through trial and error but you should be able to eyeball it rather then take 10 deaths to realize the spring falls and you have to catch up with it in time.overall, I love what i've played, and the difficulty is very high but still possible.It's a 7.5/10 for me, right now.I'll update when i have finished the game!"
76561198048462414,Recommended,583470,33657241,Posted: 19 July,all,S_Man,"A slower paced, more exploration focused super meat boy. Also you die a bunch and it tracks that, so yeah. Uh, it's pretty good."
76561198005615605,Recommended,583470,33657938,Posted: 19 July,all,Lethal Games,"The End Is Nigh is the spiritual successor to Super Meat Boy by the same developer. The game has fantastic controls, dark humour, and a wonderful theme that's bound together with its art style and music. The level design is innovative and super fun to play. It's filled to the brim with secrets and if you're someone who loved the older SNES style platformers than this will be right up your alley. For a full detailed review, check out my video here:https://youtu.be/HgJ-xiDF6eU"
,Recommended,583470,33658017,Posted: 19 July,all,tomdrc1™,Amazing game! i cant stop playing
76561198039050594,Recommended,583470,33659876,Posted: 19 July,all,swoop,Super fun game about catching tumors and making a new best friend to spend the end of the world with!
,Recommended,583470,33492218,Posted: 12 July,all,dick defrag,Do you like platformers?Did you like super meat boy?Do like games that are hard as f*ck but let you retry instantly?Do you like games with tons of secrets that reward you for looking everywhere without it being tedious?Well then just buy it already you big dumbo
,Recommended,583470,33892073,Posted: 29 July,all,DaDerp,It fun. But it also  (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻. It no cheap. But it hard. And you DIE!!!!!!
,Recommended,583470,33483889,Posted: 12 July,all,Fuck Her Right In The Pussy,;.[p;
76561198060082455,Recommended,583470,33991752,Posted: 3 August,all,siL,"Overall Score - 7/10Pros- Appeals to my massochistic tendencies- Pretty cool if not brief soundtrack- Soooo many levels- Interesting enemy and level designCons- No wall jumping, I love this mechanic in platformers- Insults you with your deaths on the main menu- Will probably give you a heart attack or stroke- Misbalance between exploration and speedDoes Edmund hate the player? Maybe"
,Recommended,583470,33544564,Posted: 14 July,all,SLAYER,"As any Edmund game! Awesome, perfect"
,Recommended,583470,33572648,Posted: 15 July,all,∱orster82 | P90 Only,Everyday we stray further from god... Never Alt + F4 this many times in my life...
,Recommended,583470,33575422,Posted: 15 July,all,Whist,Death never felt so good.
76561198053168393,Recommended,583470,33484890,Posted: 12 July,all,Rashek,"This is not super meatboy 2, but it does have some of the same feel and is pretty dang sold."
,Recommended,583470,33485148,Posted: 12 July,all,KingMidas | MF DOOM,"Awesome game so far. Of course it is, It's Edmund & Tyrone. Controls are fluid, game looks awesome, music is a bit repetetive but it's still good. I wish there was a specific level select instead of map areas but it's a small thing. Pick it up, it's awesome."
,Recommended,583470,34358717,Posted: 19 August,all,BonAquaDor,"Garbage game, don't buy it...But buy it anyways, it's a pretty good game"
76561198334278509,Recommended,583470,34101584,Posted: 8 August,all,The Shadow,"The End Is Nigh is A Hardish Platformer Set In A Apocalyptic Land Where Everyone May Or May Not Be DeadIn Almost Every Level There Are Collectible Things Called Tumours, Tumours Are Used To Acess Extra Levels That May Or May Not Be Story Related (I don't know cause I cant beat them :L)Rather Than Getting Walljumping Instead You Get A Hook Jumping Thing, Where You Can Grab A Hook Then Jump Up Or In The Other Direction You Can Also Grab Onto The Edges Of Platforms And Do The Hook ThingSometimes You Will Have To Wait For Things To Collapse Or play the level Again (From The End) To Get The Tumour Or See The ExitThere Are Cartridges (Which Are Like Super Meat Boy Warpzones) You Find Them In Secret Areas In The Zones they give you 20 lives to beat 10 levels each level has 10 found which you can collect to go for an acheivementMy Only Complaint Is There's No Level System If You Are In The Middle Of A Zone Then Decide To Go To A Different Zone Your Gonna Have To Play That Whole Zone Again And If You Miss A Tumour and Want To Go Get It Your Gonna Have To Do It From The Start"
76561198000218668,Recommended,583470,33639837,Posted: 18 July,all,Démitel,Still less tumors than League of Legends.
76561198076761136,Recommended,583470,33751419,Posted: 23 July,all,MISSINGNO,Best to play with a old Keyboard.Was playable even though I didn't reach the recommended system specs...
76561198140966388,Recommended,583470,34725432,Posted: 3 September,all,Gelatinous_Roller,"Great levels, great graphics, great music, great game overall. I would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,583470,33788518,Posted: 25 July,all,Vinrafel,"Video Reviewhttps://youtu.be/Dc8ybI9mhaMQuick InfoThe End is Nighis a great addition to the precision platformer genre alongside games likeSuper Meat BoyandThey Bleed Pixels. It doesn’t strictly follow either formula. It forges its own path by incorporating more rush mechanics the require quick and precise movements out of the player. While the narrative is lacking, that didn’t hurt the game all too much, although it would have made the experience all the more unique if the narrative had been stronger. If you like difficult platforming,The End is Nighwill definitely give you that fix.For more info watch the video above or read the whole review at:Vinrafel"
76561198338306892,Recommended,583470,33949811,Posted: 1 August,all,the shooter mufin,it's a nice game very nice
,Recommended,583470,33552011,Posted: 14 July,all,whiteninja04,"Great platformer!Tight controls, satifying feeling of completion, and enough replayability to last a while.I finished the story in 7.5 hours, with 78% completion, so I'd say there's an easy 10 hours of content here.If you liked Super Meat Boy, you'll love this!"
76561198096108073,Recommended,583470,33845266,Posted: 27 July,all,Warfighter,"im only in the Darkness world so far , already died more often than in my ~26 Hours of Meatboy10 / 10really great game for all that like hard videogames"
76561198049906296,Recommended,583470,35386000,Posted: 1 October,all,[OH] Guitarpunkmasta,its a great game if u like breaking your controller in halfbut seriously good game just super hardP.S ♥♥♥♥ You Edmund jk i love ya
,Recommended,583470,33491367,Posted: 12 July,all,Galloc,"Holy crap! This game is great. My hands havent gotten this sweaty from playing a platformer since N++ first released on Steam.If you are into tough-as-nails platforming, neat art styles, profanity, and end of the world scenarios, then look no further!"
76561198035353425,Recommended,583470,33493328,Posted: 12 July,all,ProfessorElsaesser,"Instead of making Super Meat Boy 2, the formula was altered a bit to create another fresh, brutally difficuly, platformer with precise controls.  Take it in bits lol. Game can make you seriously frustrated. A+"
,Recommended,583470,33591577,Posted: 16 July,all,mariosonic500,Definitely a worthy addition to the Edmund Mcmillen line-up and my Steam library.
76561198125190158,Recommended,583470,34213946,Posted: 13 August,all,Google Chrome (Pootel),This game broke me
,Recommended,583470,34265763,Posted: 15 August,all,Spaghetti Noodle,IDON'THAVE ANGER ISSUES.
76561198067780587,Recommended,583470,34276957,Posted: 16 August,all,Not a Bush,"Overall:If you even remotely like platformers, its worth it.Good difficulty for everyone due to excelent design.Good:Very fluent controls whoch allows for precise movement; if I die, it's normally feels like my fault. I started using a controler but soon found a keyboard allowed for even more precision. Both work perfectly as controls are fully rebindable.Beautiful art with a wide variety of worlds with different themes to cleverly avoid a repetetive field. The music is to die for, it is classical tracks with a rock inspired tone - worth picking up even if you don't want the game!Good difficulty curve; as a decent platformer first part was fairly easy, some collectables were a bit challenging but it was enjoyable. The second part was noticably harder and the game cartiges are very hard so it is good for all skill levels.Game runs flawlesly on my alright PCMixed:Some of the hidden mega tumors are far too hidden, maybe I'm just bad but it seems a little too obscure. On the other hand there are signs and pointers to help suggest where there may be a secret.Bad:The story wasn't all that compelling and I found myself wanting to skip the cutscenes, this could also be because the platforming is so good."
76561198001578165,Recommended,583470,34278398,Posted: 16 August,all,Felelipe,"Now, I have real tumor.10/10 would throw controller again."
76561198049404838,Recommended,583470,34323276,Posted: 18 August,all,FireHawk,Very nice game!You should totally buy it and get it 100% completed.
,Recommended,583470,34255495,Posted: 15 August,all,Tin Spaghetti,Played the game for while and its difficult but fun to figure out every level and its incredibly addictive. Sound track pretty good but can get boring after a while.
,Recommended,583470,34188080,Posted: 12 August,all,KLUMP,Rage
76561198217128528,Recommended,583470,34261839,Posted: 15 August,all,WMMAMM,"After the great Binding of Isaac The End is Nigh is the new game by Ed McNillen. It's about a post-apocalyptic world where you are a wobbling sack of meat and bones and when your favorite retro video game breaks you head out into a dangerous and hostile world to build yourself a friend from tumors that float around.This game will make you laugh, cry, scream, vomit and ejaculate, all at the same time."
,Recommended,583470,33486740,Posted: 12 July,all,E3kHatena,"The quick and snappy controls of Super Meat Boy paired with new parkour-style ledge grabbing, a rather expansive map to traverse forwards and back, and all set to some of Ridiculon's best music, entirely comprised of epic takes on classical music. It looks great, sounds awesome, and so far is one of my top contenders for GOTY 2017."
,Recommended,583470,33486331,Posted: 12 July,all,Pcfx,It's a pretty hard precision platformer.And it's hard to put down!
76561198039250275,Recommended,583470,33493047,Posted: 12 July,all,ajmoore0351,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,583470,35381127,Posted: 1 October,all,Alex,Cool
,Recommended,583470,33639132,Posted: 18 July,all,DødeHav,"Starting the game, hearing the music, playing the game, ok nice <3"
,Recommended,583470,33612622,Posted: 17 July,all,Supernaturalien,"Dont get me wrong, I've played this game on my previous PC and it was running fine and i loved it, but with the computer i have now..it seems to glitch and the frames keep freezing. The movements are slow and such and i'm wondering if that's normal?!"
76561197999847024,Recommended,583470,33580154,Posted: 16 July,all,Tibag,"Good if you're into Super Meat Boy, bad if you're only into the Binding of Isaac. Probably goes without saying."
,Recommended,583470,33483725,Posted: 12 July,all,『ßall ßreaker』™,EXELLENT GAME MCMILLEN! IM GLAD I PRE ORDER IT :) 9/10
,Recommended,583470,33620798,Posted: 17 July,all,Fidget Master First Class,"hard but fun, completionist heaven and nightmare"
,Recommended,583470,33759334,Posted: 23 July,all,Uncio,"Game never loads, always crashes on startup. Can't even get to title screen. Help? Great game though, based off of videos I've seen. Will write better review once issue is fixed."
,Recommended,583470,33483878,Posted: 12 July,all,˙·٠●•( ͝° ͜ʖ͡°)Kisulken•●٠·˙,Super Super Meat Boy 2
,Recommended,583470,33554071,Posted: 15 July,all,sebijinGames,"This is sebijingames mother:He had a hell of a time playing this game and he killed himself. The journey was exhilirating, but in the end it was too much for him to handle.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,583470,33548333,Posted: 14 July,all,6mjo9,Love this game and the intro it perfect!
,Recommended,583470,33543626,Posted: 14 July,all,SpaceToast,I can see... something about a fingernail.
76561198050085494,Recommended,583470,33512819,Posted: 13 July,all,anxietydecending,"Ow, my thumb and head."
,Recommended,583470,33513566,Posted: 13 July,all,Dark Essence,Good game - only play is you're a masochist like me
,Recommended,583470,33525070,Posted: 13 July,all,pav,good stuff
,Recommended,583470,33498290,Posted: 13 July,all,dudeitscoke.com,No trading cards. One Star out of Five
,Recommended,583470,33484535,Posted: 12 July,all,MysteriousMark,Please send help.
,Recommended,583470,33485133,Posted: 12 July,all,Divine,*Smooch* It's a Mastapeece <3
,Recommended,583470,33492770,Posted: 12 July,all,FFFRRROOOOTTTTT,I enjoy it
,Recommended,583470,34356276,Posted: 19 August,all,MashedPhantom,Best platformer-game ever created.
,Recommended,583470,34140402,Posted: 9 August,all,Cideshow,*sobs*
,Recommended,583470,35100319,Posted: 21 September,all,Marlin,"good game, i played it a lot"
,Recommended,583470,35062335,Posted: 19 September,all,qxtc,"Another Edmund McMillen game, which means its instanelly hard but really rewarding."
76561198114232871,Not Recommended,583470,35401917,Posted: 1 October,all,Frostyflakes,"I CAN'T PLAY THIS GAME!!!Currently I am experiencing an error where the loading screen is mustard yellow and the entire screen is white during gameplay.  None of the fixes recommended are working (such as disabling steam overlay), until these issues are fixed I am giving this game a negative review."
,Not Recommended,583470,33551498,Posted: 14 July,all,contagious,Constantly hitting the edge of a platform and not grabbing the corner but still touching it enough to set off its collapse ruins your experience pretty fastfalling through a hook for the millionth time also turns this game from a fun challenging platformer to an obstacle course of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that wasn't your faultsometimes you can grab the corner of a platform with spikes on the topsometimes the spikes kills you for seemingly the same jumpsometimes you just slide down the wallIt feels janky. These bits could be improved on but probably wont
,Recommended,583470,33621866,Posted: 17 July,all,Deeno,This game made me want to chuck my balls across the room10/10
76561198001744784,Recommended,583470,33524074,Posted: 13 July,all,Mr. Blonde,Distilled old school platformer  10/10___________________________|                              _____               _      ||   Q=;;;         _        VVVV               (Oo)   ||                  (oO)                                ''''     ||                    ''''                                   ___||______                        ___            VVV|__VVVVVV             __      |       |                   []___           _[     |__|       |_           __[]____/x_Q]____|                         |____|
76561198056095045,Recommended,583470,33551607,Posted: 14 July,all,RhombusAbout,.../
,Recommended,583470,33588902,Posted: 16 July,all,Loochian,"Didn't play much...but feels like Super Meat Boy, that alone is enough."
76561198066796982,Recommended,583470,33538154,Posted: 14 July,all,King Smore,smh these scrubs saying the level design is bad like come on just get good it took me just 2 days to get through the game and all i need to do now is get the carts and tumors
76561198042209899,Recommended,583470,33621391,Posted: 17 July,all,SMK,"Screaming ""♥♥♥♥ YOU, ED"" at my computer has been one of the unexpected highlights of my adult life."
,Recommended,583470,34281500,Posted: 16 August,all,Dingo|the|dingus,Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!Did someone say tumors? I love tumors! DId someone say die? I love to die! DId someone say lonely and in need of a friend? Well no ones alive yet but we could build one!But all  jokes aside this game is worth it if you like games sort of like meat boy but also having different elements add to it
,Recommended,583470,33499091,Posted: 13 July,all,David Daburgerac,Did you honestly checked the reviews for that game ? Of course it's good.
76561198322548398,Recommended,583470,35383671,Posted: 1 October,all,[Subject Name Here] csfate.com,"STOP READING REVIEWS, JUST BUY THE GAME AND GO MAKE A FRIEND."
,Recommended,583470,33621040,Posted: 17 July,all,sin,"Good game.Doesn't live up to SMB however, and only takes <8 hours if you avoid collectibles.I'd recommend buying it on sale, but it's a good game nonetheless."
,Recommended,583470,33561571,Posted: 15 July,all,Cropsey,"Frustrating sometimes, but overall keeps you coming back."
76561198042681871,Recommended,583470,33544542,Posted: 14 July,all,Harrison,best 2017
76561198113484260,Recommended,583470,35053063,Posted: 18 September,all,Gloom ☠,"This game was the birth of my name and my hatered,pain and death"
,Recommended,583470,33483262,Posted: 12 July,all,sarahmariepardy,"So far, so good! Very much has that super meat boy feel to it while being different enough to make playing more interesting! I can't wait to play more of it when I get some time."
,Recommended,583470,35053841,Posted: 18 September,all,Wrog,i like it
,Recommended,583470,34822183,Posted: 8 September,all,yui,The future is haaaarrrrrghhhhhhhd!!!
76561198040833301,Not Recommended,583470,33868470,Posted: 28 July,all,volmat,Spoiler but also a warning. There is a section of the game with limited lives based on the number of collectables you have found throughout the game. When I reached this point of the game I had assumed the collectables were just for some secret ending or achievement and felt a massive internal eyeroll as I was now expected to either slam my head against the wall with my limited lives or go back to earlier areas and collect more objects. It completely killed the momentum of the game and discouraged me from caring about making it to the end. As for the game itself it is quite literally super meat boy without the ability to cling to walls with a LIMBO skin put over it. tl;dr go play INSIDE
76561198007069128,Not Recommended,583470,33508909,Posted: 13 July,all,Daniel,"I never felt like I knew where I was going wrong and therefore how to improve. The puzzles felt unnecessarily obtuse. I imagine its a stellar game, certainly the game's creator is a genius (Binding of Isaac <3) and I was excited to see his name attached to this. Sadly this title isn't for me. :<"
,Not Recommended,583470,33652390,Posted: 19 July,all,bullex,"Clunky controls (sticking to walls sometimes works and sometimes it doesn't - especially with moving platforms), platforming gameplay consisting of dodging crap flying at you from all sides or jumping on the crumbling/sinking structures (which is just annoying), acceptable graphics and music - all of that creates a game that... I don't want to play anymore :P It feels like underdeveloped Super Meat Boy (one of the best platformers ever imo)Bottom line - this game cured me from preordering games. I trusted Edmund McMillen, he served me rushed, underdeveloped junk. I don't recommend TEINEDIT: and I really wanted this to be the next SMB with insane challenges to complete, fluent gameplay and tons of joy. But this game is just not fun (at least for me). Simple as that."
,Not Recommended,583470,33523948,Posted: 13 July,all,Wildcard777,"This game is uninspired and simply put, boring. You are Gish who has to brave the world because his game cartridge is broken.It's just a slow paced Meat-Boy game. Way better products out there for $15! (like other cheaper Mcmillen games)"
,Not Recommended,583470,34544027,Posted: 27 August,all,Tankor Smash,"I loved Super Meat Boy but this game left me feeling like there was nothing left to do.The game controls great, it looks great, even the level design is good (not great, I don't think), but there was no feeling of accomplishment when I beat a level.Maybe it's because I'm not the same player I was when SMB came out, but playing this game felt like a chore. Maybe I need more story, or maybe I need to see a death replay or what, I don't know.I don't like how some collectibles are only visible once you make it to the end; I don't like how there was a lot more waiting around for stuff to fall in this game. I didn't like the lack of unlocks; I didn't like how moving forward wasn't satisfying.If you loved SMB as a masocore platformer, this is more of that, and well done. If you're looking for a good game overall, keep looking. This won't appeal to the same public that SMB did, even if it was well made."
76561198045133502,Not Recommended,583470,33609617,Posted: 17 July,all,Mulder,"If yer looking for SMB 2.0 keep looking fella. This is THE most frustrating game I have ever experienced.The speed from Super meatboy is not here, the only thing is precision platforming, perfect timing and extremely punishing mechanics.Great music, fun challenging collectible stuff, extremely frustrating to play with some clunky execution that feels like RNG.Overall a fair game, but not what I was looking for.Should be noted that I just played THE platforming game of 2017 prior to this, Hollow Knight. Therefore im spoiled by amazing controls."
76561198041971149,Recommended,583470,33585417,Posted: 16 July,all,☭ Leggy ☭,This game makes me want to die.
76561198040220152,Not Recommended,583470,33701144,Posted: 21 July,all,The Platypus,"I was enjoying this game a fair bit in the first two worlds. It was difficult like I expected, but not unfairly so. Then the third world of the game hits you with that acid water, a mechanic that is so unforgiving and causes such a drastic difficulty spike that it just ruined any enjoyment I was getting out of this game. I expected unfair difficulty, but I thought it would happen later in the game to test skills I'd learned earlier, not as a mechanic introduced within the first hour of playtime."
,Recommended,583470,33483460,Posted: 12 July,all,Spyro657,Its an edmund game... what more else do I need to say
76561198402912384,Recommended,583470,33483653,Posted: 12 July,all,NOT TESTY TUST,SPOIL ALERT ON THE VERY END Just by the graphics you can tell its form the devs of SMB and TBOI it is breathtaking i really hope there is remapping keys option but there should be it is gonna be way harder than SMB just by looking and the gameplay clip hope its gonna take atleast 350+hrs to complete also im gonna maybe stream the game @twitch.tv/darkcz101The game is about getting tumors[spoiler also on the start you play a minigame and when you die you start the actual game join my group and share your thoughts and if you manage to complete it tell me what happens overall fun expierence so far and i have to add that you cant wall jump and the start is pretty hard]
,Recommended,583470,33482786,Posted: 12 July,all,Boom Box,It made me cry. Es guud game mang.
,Not Recommended,583470,33933487,Posted: 31 July,all,[MLM] MeingroessterFan,"Yeah, no. Not masochistic enough for this.I mean, at least Super Meat Boy had the climactic boss battles for some pacing, and the slidey slidey wall business, the getting blood everywhere and the horde of Meat Boys all dying together in the replay gave enough incentives to power through the main campaign at least. This doesn't have any of these hooks and just leaves me completely cold. Well, aside from the soundtrack. The soundtrack's dope."
,Not Recommended,583470,33707102,Posted: 21 July,all,Agent Ash,"I'm sad to say that it's a slower, duller, lazier and uglier version of Super Meat Boy. It's not horrible, it's just not as good.First, the game just looks flat. McMillen's games always looked a bit simplistic but Super Meat Boy definitely had a wow-effect. The End is Nigh doesn't. It's just a monotonous gray&black palette and not a single spark of fun in the image. Remember how expressive and fun SMB or The Binding of Isaac look; that's what you won't find here.It controls similarly to SMB but it's slower, and while SMB had an extremely fun core mechanic of sliding meat-physics, TEIN offers you... well, hanging on ledges. It even sounds boring. In addition to that there's also water, and water controls just feel clunky and off-putting.In addition to that the game is just easy unless you're collecting tumors. Tumors are collectables, but not like patches in SMB, which were rare and exceedingly hard to get. Here tumors are on every screen (and every screen is basically a level) and unless you decide to get them you miss the whole point of the game. So basically instead of being a really hard game it forces you to go for additional objective so that you make it a hard game.And worst of all, TEIN commits a sin of being monotonous. Where in SMB each level was a sort of a chess party at a million miles per hour, TEIN feels like you're just moving from a small puzzle to a small puzzle. And it many ways it is true because each level is now 1 screen, and most of them are the same size.The only great thing about it is music. But it's not enough for me to not refund it. Sorry, Edmund, I'd rather go torture Isaac some more."
,Not Recommended,583470,33637140,Posted: 18 July,all,necuz,"This game heavily priortizes quantity over quality, what does it matter that there are 600+ levels when you can hardly tell them apart and none are in the least bit memorable?"
76561197989685439,Not Recommended,583470,33657224,Posted: 19 July,all,The Sentry Bitch,"It's not bad, it's just not as good as their other games tbh"
,Not Recommended,583470,34032590,Posted: 5 August,all,☭iNZⒶNE☭,"I can't leave a neutral review to my knowledge, but I certainly can't recommend a game I'm unable to run. If your computer can't support Opengl3.0 or higher, don't play this, it won't work.Also, here's a hot tip. If a dev is working on fixing a problem with a game, say for example, the game doesn't work if you can't support opengl3.0, and it looks like it'll take longer than the refund period to fix it, just go ahead and refund it. I didn't, and now I can't.I paid fifteen dollars for a game I can't play. I might as well have burned that money."
76561197972995047,Not Recommended,583470,33756195,Posted: 23 July,all,Coup d' oeil,Meat boy controls seemed more  intuitive. So you can just pick up and go with it.  This game's wall hang and slippery movement has a  learning curve. i rather just watch an elite  let's player 100 percent it. refund
,Recommended,583470,33483265,Posted: 12 July,all,Thermospore,E D M U N DDMUND
,Not Recommended,583470,33712487,Posted: 21 July,all,ChaosReigner,"I didn't like like the first 10 minutes: I had to go left to collect some things that I didn't know what they were for (like a magna or something horrible like that). I kind of hate the dangling mechanic because its like a pixle big and you can't just walk of the ledge you want to hang (you die)... So first impressions were a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥but not in a fair or interesting way (just a sh*t way). Like stick to Super Meat Boy or Electronic Super Joy for your ""hardcore"" platformers (maybe, didn't stick with it enough (which is not a great sign))."
76561198077914046,Not Recommended,583470,33918973,Posted: 30 July,all,Walter,Stay away from this game if you're not a god of platformers.You will regret the purchase otherwise.
,Not Recommended,583470,33612855,Posted: 17 July,all,reference to the simpsons,"It's Super Meat Boy with two new buttons, no world map and the retro stages now have an annoying ""CRT"" filter that's like something out of ZSNES."
,Not Recommended,583470,33489674,Posted: 12 July,all,achi,"This is a fun game but on some PCs there are strange framerate issues. For me, it only runs at 15 fps. However the dev is working on the issues so just keep an eye out."
,Not Recommended,583470,35376980,Posted: 1 October,all,M4RS,It's just Super Meat Boy 2..
,Not Recommended,583470,33587052,Posted: 16 July,all,Stokes,"This precision platformer has terrible, janky controls combined with gimmicky obstacles with unreliable hit boxes. Incredibly lazy level design. Inability to select individual levels. An absolute disaster of a game."
,Not Recommended,583470,35041619,Posted: 18 September,all,❤️ニューハーフ,Dev bans people who don't like his gameBe aware
76561198401105414,Not Recommended,583470,33552509,Posted: 14 July,all,1404967721,玩不了，黑白屏！！！！
76561198174227703,Not Recommended,583470,33646739,Posted: 19 July,all,Mac,lazy cash grab using name to promote a less than quality product ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wall grab mechanic not fun
,Not Recommended,583470,34330140,Posted: 18 August,all,Starswept Dusk,"Remember when you could play a platformer on the PC that was just fun? We get it, you're either a hardcore platformer fan from back when or you're a millenial faux retro hipster and you want to prove to the world and to yourself just how hardcore or retro you are. I hate to burst your bubble, but there was a little more to it than putting pixels and spikes everywhere when it came to having a successful game in the 80s-90s. Alot of the time fun had to be involved as a priority, crazy i know! This trend of indie pixel wiggling difficulty just to be difficult games is beyond tiresome. It was a dead horse back when IWBTG fangames became a thing, which is a while back by now! Trust me, this kind of game is nothing like retro gaming at its core, it's more for the idiots who drew parallels between the crash bandicoot re-release and Dark Souls.Having ranted about what the game represents and what it doesn't, I'll discuss more about what this game is. It's Super Meat Boy without some of the more fun mechanics, the good music or the humour. Not to say theres no (loosely defined) humour here, because it's full of anti jokes and ""it's funny because everything is bad here"". So if you're that kind of trendy, depressing person you may like that aspect. But, everything is like this, as it goes out of it's way to be as joyless and depressing as possible. If this is the art direction, and i'm pretty sure it is, well he accomplished it! If you're one of those ""ironicly enjoying"" kids, i'm sure this was intended for you! For people who unironicly enjoy fun, i doubt you will enjoy this!"
,Not Recommended,583470,34431667,Posted: 22 August,all,anders - afk from 12th to ???,Luck based platformer with guess-how-many-miliseconds-to-hold-the-a-button elements
,Not Recommended,583470,33631233,Posted: 18 July,all,suit,as an isaac and super meat boy fan i warn you do not lose your money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It does not even have soundtrack. It is basically 100x times ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of super meat boy.
,Not Recommended,583470,33623622,Posted: 17 July,all,frank mcdank,"do you like overpaying for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ flash games incorrectly sold as ""indie"" games?are you a masochist?do you actually want to die irl?this game is for you"
,Recommended,583470,33488909,Posted: 12 July,all,Drazeb,"Amazing game from Edmund once again !Almost broke my controller in rage but that might be because i suck at this game , i therefore give it a solid 10/10Good job edmund, keep going =)"
,Recommended,583470,33487623,Posted: 12 July,all,FlyingFord,Never thought ill enjoy collecting tumors so much10/10
76561198077877419,Recommended,583470,33489951,Posted: 12 July,all,Dogbarg,"Funny, cute, hard and a great soundtrack. Loving it so far."
76561198134830604,Recommended,583470,33485645,Posted: 12 July,all,Sham,"This game has cost me around $1,650.$100 - computer repairs for cracked screen and incinerated keyboard.$200 - rent for a new apartment after being evicted due to noise complaints.$50 - property damage caused by throwing objects out of windows.$1,500 - weekly visits with a therapist."
76561198025061452,Recommended,583470,33485895,Posted: 12 July,all,Hawker,addictive
,Recommended,583470,33486218,Posted: 12 July,all,PxAdams,"If you were a fan of Meat Boy you will love this game. It very quickly turns difficulty up to 11 with its hidden secrets and puzzles in the level. The controls are super smooth and very responsive, exactly what you need for navigating the labyrinth like levels. Can't wait to put a ton more hours into this."
,Recommended,583470,33486271,Posted: 12 July,all,Waffles from Nowhere,"If you enjoyed Super Meat Boy, you'll definitely enjoy this! I Obviously have to play more of the game to give a full review, as obviously all i have to offer at the moment are first impressions, but the first impressions are great so far, and I will update this review as i develop more of an understanding of the game."
,Recommended,583470,33486016,Posted: 12 July,all,Lee.transform25,And I though Super Meat Boy was hard.
76561198059348706,Recommended,583470,33486140,Posted: 12 July,all,Lord Badoc,This game is absolutly amazing its smooth its fun and its brutal 10/10
76561198134295773,Recommended,583470,33512368,Posted: 13 July,all,Saipot,Collecting tumors at the end of the world. Classic Ed McMillen shenanigans.
,Recommended,583470,33525372,Posted: 13 July,all,GrandSwamperMan,"Well, at least it's fun while I""m drunk on beer. I haven't played it sober yet."
,Recommended,583470,33527664,Posted: 13 July,all,Boruba gro-Ramak,"Do you like platformers? Did you love Super Meatboy?This game was created by the creators of Super Meatboy, and the Binding of Isaac, and has the same charm. It has a great soundtrack, a charming intro, and a great art style. Now, I've only played a small bit into it so far, and I'm not that good at making reviews, but it's a great game."
76561198010525195,Recommended,583470,33532620,Posted: 14 July,all,PeskyJim,"So i read some of the negative reviews for this game and find them mostly funny.The controlls are very good, and you can adjust to them very easily which is needed as TEIN requires precision. I had some issues with the mechanics at the beginning, especially when you let go of the controlls the character stops immediately, so its not like SMB BUT it is also not bad, just get used to it.The jumping from ledges trick is very nice, but the slaming animation needs some work as you would never guess that thats slaming and that it could destroy obstacles... its just not powerful enough.The levels are bruttaly thought out and if you look at them closely, you can predict where to go, so there is no (or just minor) trial-and-error and i should know as i ♥♥♥♥ing hate that. The only games that can get away with it are the ones built around it, like I Wanna Be The Guy or 1001 Spikes.AI placement is the same, and you will notice that if you try to speedrun it.Hidden collectables are relatively easy to find. Didn't need any online help, to find all the collectables in the first two stages.Music is also AWESOME :)The level selection sucks, sorry.The game is fun and I love it and can only recommend it."
76561198024378091,Recommended,583470,33531459,Posted: 14 July,all,minstrelofmoria,"Fair warning: this is more of an Edmund McMillen game than a Tyler Glaiel one. It's also not a Metroidvania, even if it sometimes seems like it wants to be one.At its core, The End Is Nigh is a twitch platformer in the vein of Super Meat Boy. In most levels, it's not too hard to figure out what you need to do in order to survive. The challenge is pressing and releasing the right controls with a split-second margin of error. Since I have the reflexes of a dying walrus, I was disappointed this isn't more of a puzzle platformer like Closure, but I appreciate that it doesn't try to trick you--if you can scout out a logical path through the level and are dextrous enough to execute it, you generally won't find yourself trapped or die in unfair ways.Additional collectibles and story information can be found by searching out secret routes to hidden areas. This is where more puzzle aspects come into play, with some clever hiding places that rely on a precise understanding of the game's mechanics. However, this isn't really an ""open-world"" game, and most side paths will eventually return you to the linear progression of main levels. The limited amount of warp points also makes it something of a chore to go back for collectibles you missed the first time through the level.At my current point in the game, I can't evaluate the story, but I find it striking that almost all of it so far is in hidden areas. Players who explore will get a very different impression of what's going on than players who stick to the main path. It reminds me of An Untitled Story, a Metroidvania with a similarly obscure approach to its world and characters.I'm tempted to say that The End Is Nigh isn't really my thing, but the fact that I'm still playing it means it's at least a good game. If you like twitch platformers, you'll enjoy this game quite a bit."
,Recommended,583470,33526168,Posted: 13 July,all,DOOM,"Good platforming, tumor collection is a welcoming challenge."
,Recommended,583470,33504447,Posted: 13 July,all,Creatismus,"I have only completed roughly 50% of the game but I can already say that it is worth my money. The level design is consistently great and the way the world is structured allows for some very creative and fun secrets. On top of that, the game oozes with personality; Even though there isn't much of a plot, the characters you meet along the way are all charming, funny, and tell you something about yourself and the world you're in.The only problem I have is that one button both grabs edges while you're running over them, and lets go of edges, which means that you'll often grab an edge while holding R1, accidentally press it again and then fall down. Other than that, I can definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,583470,33490385,Posted: 12 July,all,Snail,"Controls are incredibly tight. If you liked Super Meat Boy you'll probably like this, but it's also very different in a lot of ways, the game is more of a cohesive world where Meat Boy was just a set of separate levels."
,Recommended,583470,33502369,Posted: 13 July,all,Mevo,"Although this game uses the same method of difficulty as Super Meat Boy by using rough controls, it still maintains a fun unique experience to say the least.  It also gives you a since of reward whenever you accomplish something, for example a difficult steam achievement or collecting a certain amount of tumors due to the immense difficulty that the player just went through.  Saying that, it's not the most difficult game I've ever played, escpcially not compared to Super Meat Boy, but I'm not saying that it's a walk in the park either.The plot is pretty straightfoward, you're just a glob of black slime (quite remarkably similar to Gish), that has to survive a post-apocalyptic world where about everything including the enviroment and about every single other ""dead"" thing tries to kill you.  There's also some optionable collectables you can obtain and some video game cartridges similar to the warp zones of super meat boy.In general, this game I would have to say is actually quite entertaining and exhilarating. The soundtrack isn't as good as compared to Edmund's other games, but it's not bad either.  I highly recommend for anyone reading this review to atleast play the game if you have a likeness playing high difficulty platformers and Edmund's previous games."
76561198029077089,Recommended,583470,33501811,Posted: 13 July,all,Erti,"Overall, this game feels much more balanced than Super Meat Boy.The game is, at first, really accessible to newcomers and people who just want to enjoy a good platformer. The difficulty ramps up slowly, the progression is smoother than SMB for instance, which is a very nice thing.Of course, since we are starting to get used to the developer, we know that things will eventually become really challenging (boy they do). I think it is safe to say that this game is indeed more difficult than Super Meat Boy, but sometimes to a point where it gets a bit ridiculous (like, ~10 screens to complete without dying or you have to start all over again).But what makes this game so good is the fact that you really get a sense of exploration, since a LOT of the content is hidden through secret passages that will really challenge your sense of attention (and your skills).No matter what type of gamer you are, I think it is safe to say that as long as you are not allergic to platformers, you will not be disapointed.(Except with Retrograde's music, that thing was just plain annoying.)"
,Recommended,583470,33506131,Posted: 13 July,all,Dr. P-21,"So good. If you enjoyed the frantic, difficult platforming of Super meat boy, this is an amazing followup. While not a true sequel, it maintains a lot of the same overarching themes. The difficulty starts to spike pretty early, but never in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ways -- time better, take a moment to think through the stage and you'll do fine.Totally worth the $16.99 cad, honestly."
76561198154901934,Recommended,583470,33505468,Posted: 13 July,all,miMl0rd0FFd34tH,"Engaging gameplay, smooth controls, simple yet beautiful asthetics, gorgeous soundtrack, loads of hidden collectibles and areas to find. This game is quite long for a platformer, and quite difficult, I'm on about 11 hours on my first save, yet I'm still not done.You pay $15 for a game that delivers a long game that is engaging throughout the entirety of it. Highly recommended.However, if you don't enjoy platformers let alone hard ones, this game might not be for you."
,Recommended,583470,33499908,Posted: 13 July,all,Milkshakee,"The end of my computer is nigh *rage ensues*On the other hand, it's a very enjoyable game <3"
76561198081553728,Recommended,583470,33491854,Posted: 12 July,all,jessebenoit,50 minutes in. Over 300 deaths. But I love it!
,Recommended,583470,33496007,Posted: 12 July,all,PRQ,thanks steakmund
,Recommended,583470,33492588,Posted: 12 July,all,Super1upMan,"Fans of Super Meat Boy or other difficult, fast-paced platforming games will feel right at home. This is about as good as they come."
76561198018796647,Recommended,583470,33490004,Posted: 12 July,all,Death 13,"after a very few minutes of play, you will earn the possibility to appear as a new boss in the binding of isaac game. (i mean: whoever plays, will curse every God so much, and so badly, that he/she will reign in a very deep infernal circle. forever. down there he/she will find our beloved Isaac.)i'm loving this game.ps-toggle off the sound. really. be cautious: the music will possess your mind 24/7 with nonsense and hypnotic beauty"
,Recommended,583470,33559338,Posted: 15 July,all,B0oman,"Alrighty here we go.Should you buy this... yes $15 is a steal for the content you get but it does have its faults.Some achievements are just stupid. That is imprtant because games like this beg for 100% and the devs just went too hard, obviously Edmund is trying live up to his name. Its great tough. Full of secrets and all that good stuff. I dont really want to draw comparisons to Super Meat Boy but you have to given the style and controls.Meat Boy was a better game, but this is still great I just wished they had stuck with SMB 360 difficulty for 100% and not this. Dont buy if your a completionist.Buy if you want some twitchy fun."
76561197975490238,Recommended,583470,33564795,Posted: 15 July,all,Beerfox,"To notch level design, it’s one thing to work how to get the collectable its very much another to actually do it. Very rewarding once you overcome any given screen, some real nods to old classics as well such as Manic Miner and Jet Set Willy.Though I can understand why some won't like this due to the difficulty, for those of you that like a genuine skill based challenge I highly recommend it."
76561198098611932,Recommended,583470,33595362,Posted: 16 July,all,personthecat,"This game is literally designed to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. It is absolutely unforgiving. You have very little time to think, your platforms are extremely small, you always die if you jump a split second too soon, you die if you jump a millionth of a second too late, and literally everything kills you, including objects that look like they shouldn't kill you. However, the art direction is absoutely on point. The soundtrack is brilliant and the level design is extremely clever. While part of me is tired of dying every five seconds (not a joke, I did the math), I can't help but to keep coming back to this game. I'm only a quarter of the way through and I can't wait to see what's left."
76561198034424486,Recommended,583470,33595994,Posted: 16 July,all,The Next Dad,This game is great. Expecailly the second half!
,Recommended,583470,33594881,Posted: 16 July,all,Ori | Grimelios,Nearly cried after every level. Found myself cursing Edmund and Tyler on a regular basis. 10/10 would highly recommend.
76561198061365179,Recommended,583470,33580080,Posted: 16 July,all,beefwellington,"So far a good game. Im guessing each level is considered a screen so dont be fooled by the high amount of levels. That doesnt mean the game is short. I have 3 hours put into the game at the time of this review and Im about 30% through finding the maps to explore. So my guess is if you plan to 100% this game maybe about 15-20 hours. Which is good for the price. In the beginning it's pretty easy but once you reach the 30% mark of the game the difficulty ramps up as they introduce new game mechanics. The secrets always make you search each ""level"" tightly. The cartridge levels are hard and offer in game rewards which is nice. Tight controls, good music, different worlds, clever game design. All staples of McMillen game."
,Recommended,583470,33601046,Posted: 16 July,all,Cubik,"The music is amazing, the art is amazing, the difficult is amazing. If you likely Super Meat Boy at all, then this is a must-play! Seriously this game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,583470,33485706,Posted: 12 July,all,⎠ 山丨尺乇  ⎝,"Overall pretty decent, it's good and fun, but sometimes the game will drop a few frame for no reason, making it hard to avoid the hazard in the level, but that's where the updates are a good thing !"
,Recommended,583470,33577733,Posted: 15 July,all,Gaydizzle,Edmund is a master of the modern platformer. This game is sweet and damn is it hard.Not a Meatboy sequel but it stands up right alongside it.
,Recommended,583470,33554284,Posted: 15 July,all,rockernroller,"TLDR; I absolutely love this gosh dang gameThis game is just super amazing. Every single piece of it is polished to a tee.The controls are tight and responsive. You are always in complete control and any mistake is your own. The jumps are smooth and the game quickly helps you understand how every jump feels. Even more responsive than Meat Boy, imo.The visuals are fantastic. The platforms stand out well from the background, always making it clear where you have to go. The lines are smooth and the background design is lovelyTHE MUSIC. I found Ridiculon's stuff in Isaac to be great, but nothing you would listen to out of the game. These tracks are straight up slamming and are definetely going onto my playlists.The tumours and cartridges around the levels are a heap of fun to collect. They may takes hundreds of deaths sometimes. But that's OK, because the resets are quick and fluid, making sure you are right back into the action.Unlike Edmund's previous platformer, this game has a more fluid level progress, allowing you to just breeze through all the gameplay, with no menuing to break up the action. The map design of this game also allows for little secret areas, which allow you to get more cartridges and tumoursIf I had to have a gripe with this game, it would have to be how much info it gives on the controls. There are things that I had to discover myself that would have helped a lot more if I had found them 10 minutes earlier into the current screen.Edmund has really outdone himself, making a Super Meat Boy for the (even more) modern gaming age. 10/10"
,Recommended,583470,33556087,Posted: 15 July,all,A_wry_sequinn,"I'm a big fan of McMillan's work. This is like super meat boy with a binding of isaac theme. It also doesn't have a timer like super meat boy which I found kind of refreshing. Speed is important to get tumors (essentially more common bandages) but it's nice that you can take your time through a level. The only negative I have is the AI enemies. I have enjoyed failing tricky jumps over and over, I didn't enjoy trying to get the AI enemies to work in my favour and they felt finniky.P.S. The great soundtrack definitely kept me going at times I would've stopped playing."
,Recommended,583470,33539627,Posted: 14 July,all,Enigmus,The most enthralling way to get rid of those utterly useless nerve cells of yours since Super Meat Boy.Now with 100% more tumors.
,Recommended,583470,33549697,Posted: 14 July,all,ivanlyy,"Don't be fooled by the casting of a bigtime Hollywood actor, the focus is on the gameplay.At first glance this may look and seem like Super Meat Boy, but it is very different once you get to it.The meat of the game is closer to something like portal than the more reflex/speed/frantic SMB.The start of the game you learn how the physics and mechanics work and the levels evolve based on this. A solid and good looking platformer, not super groundbreaking but still one of the best of the genre on steam."
76561198064128636,Recommended,583470,33550621,Posted: 14 July,all,Misterpoo,"This is not a game for everyone, in fact I would even say it might turn off Super Meat Boy fans. This game is a mashup of a bunch of classic Edmund games like Spewer and Time ♥♥♥♥ mixed with Super Meat Boy-type platforming. The controls are tight, but SMB set such a high standard that The End is Nigh feels a bit more floaty than SMB. Its dark and brutal and you will die over and over. The story is Edmund all over, dark and twisted. There are a ton of collectibles and mini games to unlock. It's worth the price tag for sure, but the difficulty will sour the experience for some."
,Recommended,583470,33550983,Posted: 14 July,all,BrightOrangePants,"Imagine Super Meat Boy.  Now remove the wall jumps.  Now remove the world map and make it so that moving off the screen edge put you into the next room.  Oh, and add a bandage to every room.  Same excellent precision platforming, same tight controls, same instant-respawning-after-death pace, same exponential difficulty curve.The soundtrack is a terrific arrangement of well-known classical music that complements the thick, bleak atmosphere.The level design is the biggest departure from Super Meat Boy, and it works quite well, with lots of secrets to discover and many clever ways it interacts with how you move about the map.Oh, and Rich Evans from Red Letter Media voices the player character in the opening, so I imagined the whole time I was playing as him and it added a lot of enjoyment to my experience."
76561198124209367,Recommended,583470,33545321,Posted: 14 July,all,Wrath,"Great game by Edmund once again.Its more fun than meatboy in my opinion and alot harder. It has the machanics changed a bit from meatboys but still has the same charm. While some levels are more trial and error than meatboys people need to understand that this isent meant to be a meatboy 2 nessisarily. It is its own game with its own play style and if that means having a few more deaths in the begining of the stages then i say its just fine with me. The controlls are tight and the movement is smooth and polished, and its always nice to be able to notice what parts were placed in there just to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. The music choice for the game was on point as always and i would consider buying the soundtrack. Overall i think its worth the buy but if your still on edge after watching some small amounts of gameplay then i would say just wait for it to go on sale.9/10"
76561198022357173,Recommended,583470,33549749,Posted: 14 July,all,afroburger,"A solid, challenging platformer"
76561198133041303,Recommended,583470,33552360,Posted: 14 July,all,Arctodus_7,"Every stage in this game gets you to the point of rage but right as I'm about to punch my monitor, I beat it. That may sound like a bad thing but it isn't. The gratification I get after beating a stage doesn't match up with any other game I've ever played. There are also many many secrects that you will probably miss but when you find them it feels like you've found buried treasure. On top of the great gameplay, this game has a beautifully grim art style with a soundtrack that fits it perfectly.Play this game!!!"
,Recommended,583470,33603406,Posted: 17 July,all,Gottschkopf,Perfectly scratches that itch for more Meat Boy.[Scratches meat down to the bone]
76561198053042786,Recommended,583470,33603103,Posted: 17 July,all,!%,"Probably my new favourite platformer. Exploration based game with high difficulty. Game is beatable (but hard). However getting all achievments is nearly impossible. Beating whole Cotton Alley in Super Meat Boy in dark world without death for achievment? Try to beat Super Mega Card without death for achevment, or beat intro, or beat main game with less than 200 deaths"
76561198072026241,Recommended,583470,33491136,Posted: 12 July,all,Cyral Drive,Yes
,Recommended,583470,33678983,Posted: 20 July,all,keithers,"Awesome game...controls take a bit to get used to if you are expecting the same controls as super meat boy.  I highly recommend giving this game a try if you like platformers with a serious challenge.  I don't consider myself to be a gamer by any means, and I am really enjoying this one.   I like the type of game where you can just turn it on and play for a few minutes, turn it off, and then come back to it later.I don't have time in my life to sit around for hours at a time playing any game...so this is perfect for me.  Thumbs up."
76561197985046295,Recommended,583470,33673940,Posted: 20 July,all,lubyek,"SMBoy spiritual successor, solid gameplay and world structure. 8/10."
,Recommended,583470,33689361,Posted: 20 July,all,Mighty,"Excellent, extremely tight, and polished hardcore platformer with exploration. Hungarian Dance never caused me to have migraines until now!"
76561198083510586,Recommended,583470,33690932,Posted: 21 July,all,enricofairme,"Having been a fan of previous McMillen games, I picked up The End is Nigh when it was first announcened. Now that I've beaten the game, I'm a touch torn on my feelings towards the game. Some of the design decisions work for me; others not so much.What I liked:+ The McMillen Astethic + Design+ Environments/Worlds+ Ash+ The Past+ Sound Design + Soundtrack+ ValueWhat I didn't like:- Controls are janky at times on controller (Ash seems to miss ledge grabs way more then with keyboard).- Collectibles: I'm all for collectibles in games, but make them feel rewarding. Some of the carts in The Future are just a pain to get and all they unlock are harder platforming levels (having the major draw be achievements is just a waste imo; Isaac showers players with fun unlocks & Achievements)- Levels: While I understand this is a precision platformer, some of the levels just get downright monotonous at times.- Ash: Ash is seriously underutilized as a character. More Ash!- The Future: Didn't really work for me. Felt kind of off.Overall I enjoyed my time with The End is Nigh, but I'm not really itching to jump back into it. There are a few design decisions that didn't really work all that well for me. With that being said, I'm sure if you love platformers, this game will be really fun to you.7/10"
76561198009029279,Recommended,583470,33730820,Posted: 22 July,all,ExperimentXIX,"Somehow Edmund has managed to make his hardest game yet. The lack of wall jumping/double jumping/aerial movement options means every single jump needs to be calculated and masterful.The last few stages are incredibly hard. If you are finding stage 3 impossible, you may never finish this game without fortitude and courage, for the mechanics of stage 3 are only the tip of the iceburg.And collecting the bonuses? A lot of them require seriously complicated execution and tackling the levels in ways you didn't think were possible. Then there are the bonus levels (cartridges) that have their own hard challenges attached, let alone just beating them.Absolutely a must-have for the person who enjoys the brutal platforming genre. Really enjoying the challenge of this one. Worth every penny."
76561198044105973,Recommended,583470,33620037,Posted: 17 July,all,Harlan,"Extremely frustrating game. If you're not good at video games (as I am not), be prepared to be punished repeatedly. Apart from that, however, everything else about the game is excellent. Great controls, great classical-inspired soundtrack, and interesting environments. Even when the extreme difficulty caused me to ragequit, I always wanted to come back and give it another shot."
,Recommended,583470,33760664,Posted: 24 July,all,quadstuffed,"Really great hardcore platformer. Super Meat Boy 2, but with more focus on exploration and secrets among levels."
,Recommended,583470,33741005,Posted: 23 July,all,Kranitoko,"Enjoying this game quite a lot; it's challenging and there's so much to try and achieve :DMy biggest issue with this game is that it (every now and then) suffers from frame rate drops, which can make some of the levels a little hard to complete. You often have to leave the level and come back for things to go back to normal, but then it could happen again :/"
76561198359775284,Recommended,583470,33739045,Posted: 23 July,all,鹰零SKY,"This is a wonderful game which is a little bit difficult,and the production and the music are very good.Compared to the Super Meat Boy,the picture is more impressed.In short,recommend this game."
76561198353419875,Recommended,583470,33737324,Posted: 22 July,all,Cellery,"Pretty goodReally hard though, made me really mad with some of the tumor spots and hidden areas but hey, it's really fun"
76561198003943149,Recommended,583470,33746585,Posted: 23 July,all,Droiagon,"Frustrating but addictive, like all of Ed's games."
,Recommended,583470,33749089,Posted: 23 July,all,Dogsplice,"A phenomenal platforming game that is unforgiving and unforgetting. Even in the first world, The classically intelligent Super Meat Boy level design shines through. If you love platformers and are up to a challenge, you NEED this game. It's not quite as good as super meat boy, but it's a worthy successor and is sure to consume days of my life. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,583470,33754567,Posted: 23 July,all,kremennik ♥,Great platformer. Although would not recommend it if you are not into platformers or hard challenge
,Recommended,583470,33712742,Posted: 21 July,all,KingTarkata,"As a huge fan of both Super Meat Boy as well as most of McMillan's games, this is an amazing game in my opinion, but I will add a warning to this review. If you do not like challenging games, don't get The End is Nigh, even if you do maybe watch a couple videos and see what you think. In my case, I bought it almost as soon as it came out without even remembering the game was being released. A freind and I played it for about four hours straight that night taking turns and trying our best to figure out the mechanics, and I have to say in my case I felt it was totally worth the price point, yes its challenging but if you push through the frustration and stress it can be very rewarding depending on who you are.I will emphicize again that this game is not for those who want something easy, but then again most of Edmund's games don't necissarily fit the description of 'easy'. If you loved Super Meat Boy like I did when it came out, you will most likely enjoy this game, its not too similar to feel like a sequel but instead has its own ideas of challenging the player in a way that makes them want to do everything better. Everything from the mechanics to the soundtrack made me feel motivated to become better at the game's mechanics and intracacies, as simple as they may be.For $15 I was expecting something I could master in 10 hours or so, but instead I got a game that I feel like I could play for a hundred hours and still feel like I could improve on certain things, and to me that makes this game one of the best platformers I've played in a very long time.On a side note, I find this game much easier to play with a controller, I played through almost half of it without but as soon as I tried playing with a gamepad I can't even imagine playing it with a keyboard. That might just be me though, I know a lot of people prefer keyboard for games like this but I'm not one of them, jumping at specific angles is just much easier for me with a joystick."
76561198053374920,Recommended,583470,33750224,Posted: 23 July,all,ImAGeekNotANerd,"Brutally difficult, but not in a bad way. The controls are extremely precise and the platforming feels great, but expect to die a lot. In about 3 hours of playtime, I've died upwards of 500 times. But that's not bad. It's a good challenge, and sometimes overwhelming in later areas, but extremely satisfying when you do complete a difficult stage. On top of the already-solid game, there are countless secret areas and hidden goodies, allowing for decent replay value. The atmosphere is bleak yet somewhat optimistic, with the tone being set by a lovely intro and retained by a beautiful art style and soundtrack. Every piece of music in the game is an alternate take on a classical piece (for instance, many cave areas play ""In the Hall of the Mountain King"". A nod to Manic Miner, perhaps?)"
76561198067505128,Recommended,583470,33752174,Posted: 23 July,all,itsmes3,So I went zoom and zip but then the ♥♥♥♥ing mustard gas made me cough blood.Piece of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198275627663,Recommended,583470,33762335,Posted: 24 July,all,H y p e r,"Amazing game to play and challenge yourself to complete it, this game is similar to Super Meat Boy but includes more different techniques to master and use to your advantage10/10 Good Game."
76561198098807706,Recommended,583470,33856148,Posted: 28 July,all,WilliamDrens,"Oh Mcmillen, you've done it again.After the, let's go with, troubled release of Binding of Isaac Afterbirth Plus, I began to lose faith, no pun intended.And then you released The End is Nigh, and completely brought it all back.  I've put more time and effort into your games than I would like to admit, over 2,000 hours in Binding of Isaac Rebirth alone, and, for the most part, have completed them to a large extent.  The End is Nigh looks to be no different.  And while the game may be great as always, and hard as nails in some of the later sections (there is a lives system in place for the latter half of the game, however, it can be mitigated through the playing of the first half), the real reason I was blown away by this game is the soundtrack.  For the most part, it's a remix of classic symphonies, Flight of the Bees, the 1812 overture, etc, done to heavy rock, to great success.  Marche Slave, in particular, brought back some memories.If you like anything that McMillen does, you'll like this."
,Recommended,583470,33774375,Posted: 24 July,all,Super Festive Anal,You die a lot. It's unfair. I love it.
,Recommended,583470,33551739,Posted: 14 July,all,Braeden,"This game makes me wanna rip my hair out... but in a good way.-The soundtrack is awesome-After dying 100 times, I finally beat a level then feel like a god-Love the voice acting by Rich Evans-Great art style-Just fun in generalThe real question, ""Is it worth 15 dollars?"" yes it is!I have over 5000 deaths in this game by the way..."
,Recommended,583470,33786587,Posted: 25 July,all,Ram,45% Complete.2341 Deaths.
,Recommended,583470,33783705,Posted: 25 July,all,vkv,Good successor to Super Meat Boy
76561198146857258,Recommended,583470,33795988,Posted: 25 July,all,[NOSE] gehrigp29,"I originally only bought this because I'd played The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth.  However, am I glad I did! This game is amazing in the fact that you don't gain skills you just learn about thins you already have. I have playing it nonstop to the point where my hands have turned red...Maybe I should have used a controller...Oh well!I rate this game 10 out of 0"
76561198055453269,Recommended,583470,33799007,Posted: 25 July,all,not funny,"Incredibly engrossing precision platforming with tons and tons of content to keep you playing. Attractive, sharp graphics and an energizing soundtrack coupled with perfectly smooth controls. Lots to explore, find, and collect as well as many side levels and secrets. The best game I've played all year. Thank you Edmund, Tyler, and all involved!"
,Recommended,583470,33800993,Posted: 25 July,all,Rocket Boy,Do it. JUST do it.
76561198010016565,Recommended,583470,33814034,Posted: 26 July,all,fafafrei,Smoothest platform controls I ever did see.
,Recommended,583470,33865062,Posted: 28 July,all,Jarttis,Pretty good. HARD AS♥♥♥♥♥♥THOI can reccomend this to everyone but if you have played i wanna be the guy (and liked it)BUY IT
,Recommended,583470,33846050,Posted: 27 July,all,Dank Engine,"9.9/10(No spoilers)I would say this is one of the best if not the best platformer currently on steam. It's not mind numbingly, bone grindingly hard to beat. You'll get around 10-15 hours of gameplay if you just beat it maybe less if you gun it. but there are numerous collectibles and to not spoil it there are so many things that are handed to you to do after the end or even during your play through. I would highly recommend it.Pros:Tight controlsFamiliar art style of Edmund McMillilanSelf aware light storyLittle you have to do SO much you can doMoments you audibly say ""you ♥♥♥♥ing knew I'd jump there and you put a death trap there""Easter eggs galoreAddictive gameplay++++moreCons:There is no option to turn off/ turn down the camera shake and it can be slightly nauseating.All in all, worth every penny"
,Recommended,583470,33853841,Posted: 28 July,all,Steggun,"So I'm a huge Edmund McMillen fan, SMB and Isaac are my two favourite games of all time. I have been anxiously waiting for this game since the first gameplay trailer, and I gotta say, it exceeded my expectations. Now I expected it to control exactly like Meat Boy, but I was refreshingly surprised at the lack of walljump. The corner jumping mechanic adds a lot of fun gameplay situations that would be way to easy with the typical walljump. And the soundtrack, well, I expected Danny Baranowsky to compose on this game (it is a McMillen title after all), but what I got was REALLY good. I would never have guessed classical remixes would lend themselves so well with the atmosphere.TL:DR BUY GAME, PLAY GAME, LISTEN TO SOUNDTRACK"
,Recommended,583470,33859823,Posted: 28 July,all,AntiGravityMaster,From the dark depths of hell this game was wraught. It's p good tho.
,Recommended,583470,33876566,Posted: 29 July,all,Firespark,"Basically Super Meat Boy 2. It's great.If you liked SMB, you'll like this. If not, run far away."
76561198078141507,Recommended,583470,33791401,Posted: 25 July,all,The End is Nigh,After 5 minute gameplay i know i love this game hahahah  awesome!! This game almost♥♥♥♥♥♥me off dahahah I like this mission impossible tasks . If you want suffer this game deffinetly made for you 10/10 Only annoying music some places realy bad
,Recommended,583470,33884520,Posted: 29 July,all,svennieke,"I realy ove the game, music is amazing, game play is amazing in general i recommend the game, but currently there is one giant issue for me, while playing the game my fps randomly for no reason at all drop sto 30 instead of 60 wich makes the jumps even harder beacuse of inconsistend fps, weeks and patches later this bug is still in the game so keep this in mind when you get the game, other than that bug the game is good"
76561198084671952,Recommended,583470,33893881,Posted: 29 July,all,themightyian2,"This game is everything I look for in a hardcore platformer, and I really enjoy almost every aspect of it. The soundtrack is amazing, the level design is interesting, and the aesthetic is cool. I would say that at some points, on levels with many different elements going on, my computer lags a bit. I'm on a potato rig and have come to expect that from many games, but it's very annoying for a platformer. Overall, though, I have very much enjoyed sinking my time into this game."
,Recommended,583470,33871119,Posted: 28 July,all,Actawesome (forever),"I like my platformers like I like my male organs - hard, aesthetically appealing, and has good replay value."
76561198153784692,Recommended,583470,33871724,Posted: 28 July,all,OmicronAlpha1,"One of my new favorite indie games. Smooth controls, great level design, and awesome music.However,If you thought this was gonna be easy...Think again"
76561198395167427,Recommended,583470,33870661,Posted: 28 July,all,cnagridge,It's hard
,Recommended,583470,33956428,Posted: 1 August,all,Zifre,"If you liked Super meat boy then you are going to enjoy this. It's pretty similar in a lot of ways, but refreshing enough to manage to stand in its own two feet. On top of that, you get to experience the weird art and story that McMillen is known for, pretty good deal if you ask me."
,Recommended,583470,33974822,Posted: 2 August,all,NinjaCreeperchu,"Prepare yourself completionists, your blood pressure may double by the time you're done."
,Recommended,583470,33954684,Posted: 1 August,all,Redd,"The main game and the music are great, but the carts can absolutely go ♥♥♥♥ themselves.Except Catastrovania, that one is good."
76561198035786004,Recommended,583470,33959303,Posted: 1 August,all,paulgoodwin1138,"I've greatly enjoyed ""The End Is Nigh"".  Like all of Edmunds games, it is blisteringly hard, but for the most part fair.  There are a few design choices I found questionable.  For example the Iron Cart Retro Levels (Denial, Anger, etc.) are a bit too unforgiving in their lack of lives.  And the obstacles in the bonus levels where you obtain those carts can be difficult to tell from the floor itself in some places.  And if you go for collecting everything, some of the jumps and manuevers you are expected to pull off can be downright infuriating, to the point where you don't feel any achievement in suceeding in those parts, just the hollowness that follows rage.  Still, those instances are few and far between, and the game more than makes up for it in atmosphere and music (seriously the music is amazing).One final note: this is NOT Super Meat Boy 2.  While it shares some aspects, the core philosophy is entirely different.  SMB for the most part emphasized flying around the level, pulling off acrobatic stunts in order to obtain the fastest time.  The End Is Nigh is very much the opposite, in that it usually requires you to take your time and manuevere through tight spaces.  It is still fun, but in a very different way.  So if you are expecting SMB 2, you might be disappointed."
,Recommended,583470,33958067,Posted: 1 August,all,CFM JayTheZoomster,Hard as balls.
76561198037202010,Recommended,583470,33961637,Posted: 1 August,all,The Pr0tagonist,It's basicly a fantastic super meat boy 2 and like all good sequals is expands on what made the other one great and remixes itself with new interesting ideas that makes it unique. Be aware before you get into this it is exstreamly frustrating and hard but a solid platformer. There is 0 randimization in this game and you respawn instantly. each screen takes only an handful of seconds to get through but you may be stuck on them for quite a while given how exact you need to be.The bigest complaint is there is not direct level select so when hunting colectables and finding little secret areas you are forced to go through up to 20 screens all over again. I have yet to finish the game and I may never given how difficult the end is and an added mechanic that I feel will add way more time doing the same levels over again. I don't think I have the skill level to finish this game but I enjoyed the 20 hours I've spent on it so far. keep in mind as of this writing I have died around 7000 (litterly the game keeps count) times and I'm not good at this type of game  so someone who is ok at this type of game will probably not play as long to finish which I'm fell I'm verry close to do but the levels I'm stuck on feel past my skill level.
,Recommended,583470,33957495,Posted: 1 August,all,eliza main,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's dog ♥♥♥♥ing good
,Recommended,583470,33982460,Posted: 2 August,all,Tiny the giant,I've only played for about an hour and I've already died 200 times.   10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,583470,34119336,Posted: 8 August,all,RareBanjo,https://twitter.com/TylerGlaiel/status/886699976247476225¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Recommended,583470,34096912,Posted: 7 August,all,succubus son,good gameit's somewhere between super meat boy and i wanna be the guygo play it
,Recommended,583470,34065642,Posted: 6 August,all,[ABYSS] Dyn Du Nufin,edmund please stop making games it hurts
,Recommended,583470,34067639,Posted: 6 August,all,Puddlehump the Duck,"Great game. Reminiscent of Super Meat Boy, but with a more puzzle-game type vibe. Definitely difficult, but not unfair, in my opinion. The platforming itself feels super tight, and the limited moveset inspires creativity when problem-solving. The lack of a focus on speed/time definitely adds to the experience, in my opinion. Highly recommended. Edmund McMillen has delivered again."
,Recommended,583470,34073213,Posted: 6 August,all,IM WAITING,"To sum up this game in a nutshell.Congrats on beating that very hard level,here is another one you can do."
,Recommended,583470,34101380,Posted: 8 August,all,Spooklear Necro,I was spooked solid.And that is good.
,Recommended,583470,34103766,Posted: 8 August,all,StarForce,"And I thought Super Meat Boy was tough. Although completed in about half of the playtime I spent 100 percenting Meat Boy (58 hours), this still pushed me to my limits and made me go insane. But every tumor I collected I felt accomplished and getting them all felt even better. Yeah it's tough as hell but you get a super rewarding feeling when you get to those hard to access collectables and ESPECIALLY those carts (both acquiring AND completing them). If you like rage games, especially ones like SMB, then this is for you."
,Recommended,583470,34052333,Posted: 5 August,all,ST4DANKO,"This game will test your platformer skills to the MAX!!Been waiting for Edmund's newest game as I spent many hours playing Binding... Cant say how much I love this game the dark lore behind it is awesome because its almost just another Isaac which I just think is weird, dark and just plain nothing like any other game i've played. 5 stars"
76561198121498680,Recommended,583470,34030003,Posted: 4 August,all,ALBINO MIDGET,"Great game, love all of Edmund's work. Don't complain about it being difficult because that's how it was advertized. Extremely difficult though"
,Recommended,583470,34032229,Posted: 5 August,all,Treeman,"A good platformer, if as diffcult as pulling your own teeth with only an Advil to numb the pain and then gargling lemon juice, but for all it's diffculty it has a killer soundtrack comprised of remixed classical music, a deeper underlying story if you read into things too much, and respect for your personal skill10/10 good game"
,Recommended,583470,34005535,Posted: 3 August,all,DOODKEK,10/10 rich evans was great
,Recommended,583470,33868332,Posted: 28 July,all,Obszcure,"As an irl tumor collector, i can say that its not that hard to collect tumors like in this game. 10/10"
76561198317418055,Recommended,583470,34425654,Posted: 22 August,all,KursedFlame,"Amazing game for fans of platformers. Like Edmund's other games (notably The Binding of Isaac, and Super Meat Boy) you will die and rage constantly but always stay entertained. A truly wonderful soundtrack by Ridiculon and beautiful graphics. It's even coming to the Switch, though you'll have to wait a couple months."
,Recommended,583470,34452419,Posted: 23 August,all,WindyEmolga,Yet another amazing game by Edmund McMillen!
,Recommended,583470,34331488,Posted: 18 August,all,TripleShock,"I feel like The End Is Nigh is a platformer that does it's own thing, and it is drastically different than super meat boy. but people still compare the two games. i loved the exploration and story of The End Is Nigh and loved the bite-sized intense super meat boy challenges. because these games have completely different focuses people say ""this game suks becus its not as good as super meat boy"" and i get where they're coming from, it's just unfair to judge a painting and a hard rock song and say ""the painting is too quiet"""
,Recommended,583470,34344841,Posted: 19 August,all,Paprika,bretty good
76561198093438510,Recommended,583470,34375409,Posted: 20 August,all,Johan Den Barske,Better than meat meat big boy!
76561198012163909,Recommended,583470,34403256,Posted: 21 August,all,Robert,"I just want to start this review by saying that if you did not like Super meat boy, don't buy this game. It's similar in many ways. So you probably won't like it.The game itself is good, however it does not have the charisma Super Meat Boy had.Levels are very challenging. The most complained argument by people is that there are no walljumps. I actually prefer it this way, it makes the game way more harder and interesting.You will get mad playing this game, you will feel proud when you pass a hard level/ get a hard collectible.I would recommend also waiting for a discount. I bought it as a pre-order with 10% and I feel the content was not nearly enough.  I beat the game with 100% collectibles in about ~18 hours.  Overall the game is a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,583470,34637277,Posted: 31 August,all,LazerDynamiX,"It's worth it for 15 Euro. And being a completionist, i'll have alot of fun going to 152%(All achievements). And oh boy, do i want to stream this game? YES. And no, it's not super meat boy 2! It's more entertaining in my opinion.To the developer(team): Can you add a lvl editor in the future? :3"
,Recommended,583470,34662693,Posted: 1 September,all,tuf-Hannes,Do you like to jump and/or run?Then buy this game!
,Recommended,583470,34739799,Posted: 4 September,all,UltimateShedinja,"After playing for a about 10 hours i feel like i have a pretty full impression of this game.It's not just a clone of super meat boy, it's a more precise platformer because it doesn't force you to go fast all the time. That's what i love about Super Meat Boy and the End is Nigh. They are both different spins on one the most classic gaming genres, one being an incredibly fast paced speed running platformer, and the other taking a more methodical approach, while both being very challenging. With very fair and very clean mechanics and controls, i never feel like the game cheated me. And for that reason I give this game 9/11 emojis. See ya next year for Shrek 5 ;)"
,Recommended,583470,34696070,Posted: 2 September,all,isrlygood,good game bois
,Recommended,583470,34700706,Posted: 2 September,all,Chypop,Challenging platformer that eases you in. Lot of secrets to find - but be mindful - does get tough but nothing ever feels like it can't be done - if you want to complete everything the game has to offer you're going to work for it.
76561197990505519,Recommended,583470,34809280,Posted: 8 September,all,AidsBolaPoxFlu,Nice platforming
76561197968173607,Recommended,583470,34783444,Posted: 6 September,all,MrJabber,Why am I still doing this to myself... at my age... ?
76561198276997143,Recommended,583470,34781215,Posted: 6 September,all,popopo,great high brow humor I boght 10
76561198294466200,Recommended,583470,33818783,Posted: 26 July,all,omibook,"EDIT: There is now Mac support! The con in this review no longer applies.I've really enjoyed the game so far! I was initially hesitant to buy this since I was on a budget, but quickly realized that it's worth every penny! If you enjoy challenging platformers with beautiful aesthetics I'd definitely recommend this game, and even without collecting every tumor or looking for all secrets it can be plenty of fun.The only (personal) con I can give this game at the moment is the fact that it doesn't have Mac support. I tried to play it on my MacBook through Parallels and it crashed as soon as I selected a save file. Because of this I was forced to steal someone else's PC!Pros:* Fluid controls* Challenging gameplay (although not frustratingly so)* Beautiful art style* Great music* Plenty of extra content that allows players to revisit levelsCon* No Mac support"
76561198357897810,Recommended,583470,34850540,Posted: 9 September,all,cesarlavaca,i like this game because it remenbers me the good old days were there was the binding of isaac and super meat boy 8)
,Recommended,583470,34874657,Posted: 10 September,all,AwesomeX357,"This game is one of the best platformeres I have ever played, it's similar super meat boy, but way more collectables, and an open world, and so much more content and extra stuff to do. There are tons of secrets, tumors to collect, and lots worlds to complete, and it's just a great time, if you enjoy difficult platformers that is. If you played super meat boy and enjoyed it, I would highly recomend this game, and if you don't enjoy games like that, than this isn't for you, but it's still a great game!"
76561198129245735,Recommended,583470,34876454,Posted: 10 September,all,Stag4365,"I have gotten to almost 40 hours on the game and I am about to beat it, so I decided to review it anyways because why not? The End is Nigh is easily one of the best platformer games on the market, and a spiritual successor to Super Meat Boy, which I also love. However, I wouldn't even compare this game to SMB at all except the fact that they're both platformers and are from Ed. With that said, in my opinion, TEiN combines a simpe video game with complicated cinematic style story telling. It of course has deeper meaning to be interpreted by us just as you can expect from Ed. The game features simple base mechanics, however, you can't sprint or wall jump, instead, you are highly mobile already, can hang on ledges, and have insane air control. This couples for a very interesting platforming experience, while it stays true to the base of the genre. The game isn't afraid of itself, by that I mean, it is very open about what kind of game it is, Ash, the main character, is a typical gamer guy who curses a lot. By the way, in case you didn't hear, this game takes place after the apocalypse, where Ash is the one survivor, so he doesn't have much of an audience on his livestreams, and his game cartridge crashes and he sets out to make a friend blah blah blah. Sounds pretty simple and innocent right? Nope. You will die time and time again, only to become get to the next level and repeat the same process, trust me, I have 40 hours and I'm still not done yet, so that means the game will last a while right? Anyway this game has an amazing soundtrack as well, which I can only urge you to hear for yourself to see what I mean. I give The End is Nigh a 9/10 in numbers or whatever. Thanks :)"
,Recommended,583470,34922508,Posted: 13 September,all,AteBallEight,"Ash is on a journey to assemble a friend, and he has to jump, dodge, smash and hang out to find the pieces. The End is Nigh is a great game with smooth, simple controls. The platforming varies from easy to extremely difficult, and the cartridges offer a great challenge for people who have completed the main story. Colleting the tumors is fun (and often takes some brain power to figure out how to get them), and finding and collecting all the mega tumors is a challenge. There are plenty of secrets and NPCs with interesting (but useless) dialogue. The music for the game is also amazing, providing awesome rock and metal remixes of classical songs. The End is Nigh never feels too easy or too (extremely) difficult, and the game's unique mechanics, like Ash's ability to hook onto the edges of platforms, are easy to learn and are mastered by the player easily.If you are looking for a challenging but fun platformer, and you like Super Meat Boy, please, do yourself a favor and GET THIS GAME!"
76561198010335843,Recommended,583470,35439825,Posted: 3 October,all,Plebleb,"It's a McMillen game, of course it's going to be well-designed and have great music. It's basically Super Meat Boy without a wall jump and a darker aesthetic."
