user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,584980,34313064,Posted: 17 August,all,「Seppuku%Circus」,"Late Shift game is one of the exciting games/movies I've watched/played this year. It's not just a game but it's a movie too, an interactive movie. Every choice in the gamematters. I felt the intensitivty grew as I knew that ''This is where I have to choose very carefully'' I hardly could sit still at those moments.The game has 7 endings. And every route lasts about the same length as an average movie, aprox 1h 30 min. If you plan on playing it, I highly recommend you play your route from start to finish. (It has a save feature if you want to continue it later)All in all. Every path has a good story. It doesn't look like a low-bugdet film. The acting is very good, presenting us talented actors most of us probably haven't heard of. The cinematography is pretty good too and it's very well made. In my eyes, it doesn't look like an amateur made film.If you feel like watching a movie tonight, give this one a try!I hope to see more releases from the creators."
,Recommended,584980,34703903,Posted: 2 September,all,MassivePARANOiA,I wish more studios would attempt this style of storytelling.
,Recommended,584980,32348693,Posted: 11 June,all,Alysdaxei,"This is my second FMV game (my first was Contradiction: Spot the Liar!), and after having played it once, I am satisfied with my purchase and would buy it again.The cinematography is excellent, the music is good, the acting is largely terrific, and the pacing is great. It's essentially like playing a crime thriller film; the video quality is sufficient enough for a theater-tier movie.The game is somewhat brief, but I enjoyed the experience, and I am not sure that it would benefit from being longer, as I have read that there are several endings (I got a bad ending from my first playthrough).This may be the only recent game I'll play a second time just to see how it changes when I make different choices.I highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys FMV games, and if you have never played an FMV game before, I would recommend this as a place to start.My only genuine complaint is that the music was a little too loud in sections and drowned out a few of the lines of dialogue mildly (the game does have subtitles, though), and there is no way to modify the music volume separately in the audio options.I rate this game a 7.5/10, as far as FMV games are concerned."
,Recommended,584980,31241016,Posted: 19 April,all,Venceremos,"TL;DR:Late Shift is the best FMV adventure game in production so far, and perhaps the most costly in making. If you enjoy FMV games or Choose-your-own adventure games, give it a try.Pros:+Great performing+Very cinematically professional production+Engaging story+Wow, your choice actually matters in this gameCon:-No fast forward or chapter selection making revisiting rather a choreA fine FMV game that's become rather a rarity these days. We do get stuff like Contradiction, upcoming The Infectious Madness of Doctor Dekker, a Tex Murphy reboot titled Tesla Effect, and Her Story, a piece of real innovative narrative, but I wouldn't go ahead and call FMV ADV genre rejuvenating -- it's as dead as my late grandpa, may him rest in peace, for its high production cost and relatively low gameplay value.And I do look fondly at FMV cutscenes, for it's wonky, it's cheap, its small-budget-ish look and lack of professional cinematic techniques. I may be fooling myself, but these qualities actually give me a sense of passion and love.That being said, Late Shift, to my surprise, hasn't had any of them. It's a glorious, triumphant masterpiece among its fellows with the best production I have ever seen. The performing in Late Shift is great and highly convincing; it's very cinematically professionally filmed -- the closest to a modern film, I dare say -- and its story not half bad, engaging and intriguing. Hence, as soon as I got my hands on the game, I was utterly surprised by it.The gameplay is the kind of ""choose-your-own"" adventure that has been popular lately (e.g. Telltale Games titles, Knee Deep, D4)... but with actually important choices that can lead to up to seven different endings and many different sequences, unlike that notorious pop-up message saying ""Don Trump will remember that"" without any noticeable impact on the ending. Thus although the game is short per playthrough (around 80 minutes), it's worth multiple revisits, just to see how where that butterfly would cast a storm upon.So Late Shift is a great FMV game, perhaps the best so far.But it cannot revive the genre, sadly no. For what it's worth, I'd say it will have a problem breaking even: it's just simply way too expensive, for the genre to follow up, and for it, as a game in a dead genre, to recover its cost. Unlike Matt, I'm not good at numbers, I can't figure out how much does it cost to feature approx three to six hours in total of professional movie clips, and how many copies must be sold to start making profits.One minor issue does bug me though: you are not allowed to fast forward or chapter selection, making revisiting a chore, rather than an enjoyable journey. After three playthroughs I think I have now memorized most of the lines from the intro sequence.I'm sorry to say so but its gameplay is just not appealing enough to modern gamers. In that sense, it's both exceeding and lagging behind, the former its exquisite production and the latter its genre. I do love Late Shift, but I can only recommend it to those who like FMV games and Choose-your-own adventures."
,Recommended,584980,31779413,Posted: 15 May,all,ItsMeAro,"Overall a very unique, memorable and impressive game.Pros:Mold the story to show who you really areSeven endingsGreat soundtrackGood actingRelatable protagonistIntreguing storyUnique charactersBMW i8 <3 (One of my fav cars)Cons:Most choices end you in the same placeYou cannot change much in the beginning of the gameCannot fast forwardOccasional volume mixing issuesLost video durring one sceneAll videos are 1080p, since I have a 1440p monitor I was a little disapointed that they did not have native support for higher resolutionsRecomendations For Playing:Play the full game in one sittingBe honest with your choices (For the first time through)You dont need your keyboardTreat this game like a movie (Don't go in with too high expectations or else you will be disapointed)"
,Recommended,584980,34299760,Posted: 16 August,all,MrDowntempo,"This is a great example of an FMV game done right, and perhaps the only one to really deserving to be called an 'Interactive Movie'. The acting and production value on display here is far better than the rest of the genre. Admittedly, that's not saying much, and the performances certainly aren't acadamy award worthy, but it's at least on par with a decent cable drama. There are a few lines that don't quite land though. The game's tech is fairly impressive as well, effectively editing the movie in real time in response to an intuitive visaul-novel style decision system. The story is entertaining, and has enough suspense an intrigue to keep you interested, especially through the first playthough. This is a game, however, limited by how much could be filmed, so while your decisions do matter, you certainly don't have as much freedom as in a traditional game, and you will be seeing a lot of the same scenes again over multiple playthroughs. That's to be expected though. I also think this is a great game to play with someone who is new to video games. It's at least as entertaining as watching a random flim, and the controls are as easy to pickup as they possibly could be. There is a good amount of replayability here too, with multiple endings to discover, though to get to them all, you will be treding a lot of the same ground over and over.Overall, I can easily recommend this game if you've even a small interest in interactive FMV. I hope to see more games using this tech in the future."
,Recommended,584980,31291163,Posted: 22 April,all,KillingArts,"A very good FMV game. High production values, descent actors, good story and nice decisions to make. And for what you get it is well priced. It also has 7 different endings and scenes you won't see in your first playthrough, so there's some replay value here. Can definitely recommend this to everyone who likes FMV games."
,Recommended,584980,34708854,Posted: 3 September,all,Domazon,"This is one of the examples where you ignore the professional critics' reviews and use the Steam review system as a guide.I thoroughly enjoyed ""playing"" this ""game"". The trailer does not do it justice, and the trailer whets the appetite without giving away too much of the plot.I am not the type of person that watches a movie or a TV show twice (there are other things to watch). However, I may have to make an exception in this case. I've completed my first playthrough, and in a few weeks I will do another; make different choices; see how the main character fares.The acting was also far better than I expected. I'm not a prude and I swear a LOT in real life... but I felt that in a couple of places, they were swearing for the sake of swearing - to the point where the sentence just sounded wrong.This ""game"" is on offer as I write this review - £7 instead of £10. It is definitely worth the £7."
76561197968395460,Recommended,584980,31637778,Posted: 8 May,all,JohnnyTheWolf,"A good crime thriller full motion video gamePROS:+Charming, relatable protagonist+Impressive production values+Generally good acting+Beautiful soundtrack+Compelling story+Seven endings+May-Ling <3CONS:-Not every choice matters-A few perplexing plot holes-No save or fast forward function-Occasional volume mixing issues-Occasionally cheap props and effects-No interaction outside of story choices-A few underused/unnecessary characters-Stereotypical depiction of Asian characters-Some odd, downright frustrating story outcomes"
,Recommended,584980,31337978,Posted: 24 April,all,The LOVES Series,"Pros:- Great film quality- Choices ACTUALLY matter- 7 possible endings, so there's replay value- Decent story- Solid actingCons:- No skip or fast-forward option when replaying, so you're stuck watching some of the same scenes over and over"
,Recommended,584980,31293491,Posted: 22 April,all,Zane,"I played through this game after hearing about it for the first time through a streamer on Twitch. Of course, this spoiled most of the game for me, but I still found it enjoyable as I got different scenes and a different ending. Now onto certain quick points:POSITIVE:The choices do really matter, even though some scenes are inevitable.The acting and scripting are great.The multiple endings and extra scenes add some nice replay value to it.It is a Full Motion Video game, so you don't need a good PC to run it at all.The scenes flow effortlessly into each other when making choices.NEGATIVE:The music is way too loud in comparison to the dialogue. Given that all the scenes are in MP4 format, this isn't fixable and is instead just an issue with the audio mixing.There is no feature to go back and switch choices, chapter select or a fast forward button. These would be useful to save time when you replay it and probably shouldn't be available until you play through it once.Everybody I know is annoyed with me because this game is so good I feel compelled shove it in their face."
76561198034820380,Recommended,584980,31569722,Posted: 5 May,all,Gingergal,"This is a movie/VN hybrid, where choices for once actually do matter and makes a huge difference in what you see.  The production values, acting and story are all excellent (and I never say that about acting or voice overs in a game).  This is set in London, with British actors so expect local accents (but you can play with subtitles on) gritty and parental advisory - adult language (lots of ""f"" words even one ""c"" word in one of the routes).If you are expecting a more interactive adventure game like contradiction or missing then you might be a little disappointed.  There is no interaction with environment, or examining things.  All interaction including any choice in where you want to go, is in the form of words on the screen where you have to be quick to make your choice.  But because of the quality of everything and the many different routes you can take, I just appreciated it for what it was, and wished other FMVs games were of this quality throughout.The one negative I will say is for achievement hunters, there are 7 different endings but some of these are different choice at very end of game so replaying the entire game 7 times gets tiring quick.  If there was a way to skip scenes you had seen before this would be good but sadly you can't.I did find a workaround (sort of) at the end when you get an ending achievement, exit the game immediately.  Upon relaunch you will be taken back about 5 mins as it hasn't synched up yet.   This way you only need to replay the entire game once more, maybe twice, which you would want to do anyway to see the different routes.  The only thing is you don't get to see your ending but I found good youtube videos which you can watch the last 2-5mins of each one, to see what you missed.  Just putting the thought out there, in case you were put off with replaying an entire game so many times.There are 2 major different routes you can take with many more minor changes in most of the other scenes, it really was impressive how they did it and how it all came together.  If you don't mind the style of game, more of an interactive movie then I do recommend it.  I love FMV, adventure games and real choices matter VNs so even though it was different to what I expected I thought it was very good."
,Recommended,584980,34750412,Posted: 4 September,all,Dido,was simply skimming past steam store offers saw this game hiding down below with 30% off since im a fan of  choice based games so i gave this game a try and im impressed they managed to make a real life based game .much respect  for the producers actors and techs to come up with an idea like this.pros:1.May-ling (Haruka Abe) cause i like her.2.choice making adds up the pressure with only seconds to choosecons:1.  wish it had a savepoint or checkpoint (game is short but after 1st try you feel yo need a checkpoint of some sorts)2. can we skip credits for more than 1 tries. not meant to be disrespectful though.
76561197970409875,Not Recommended,584980,34778344,Posted: 6 September,all,Jeff Smith,"This looks great, and is surprisingly interesting as a movie. As others have said, it's probably the most successfully implemented FMV game ever made, which isn't really that high of a mountain to climb. In fact, it's probably more successful as a movie than as a game. There's not much ""play"" in it, and what there is is fatally undermined by the design.The theme of the game, spelled out by the protagonist in the opening narration, is that choices define who you are. And more specifically they define who you are internally - your reason for making a certain decision is, in many ways, more important than what the decision actually was.This is made clear right from the start when the protagonist lets himself be the last person on the bus. The game asks you to decide if you are doing it A) selflessly (to politely let everyone board,) or B) selfishly (because you know that the last person on will be the first person off.) Your action doesn't change - only the internal reason for the choice changes.This plays out across the larger plot of the game, and also in some of the smaller, encapsulated scenes within it - some choices can steer you away from some events, but there are certain beats of the story that you can't ""decide"" your way out of. They can change you internally, but they can't alter the course of your life. It's an interesting angle for a game to take, probably partially inspired by the limitations of the medium.The directing and acting, and cinematography are all surprisingly good. This was obviously filmed by a team that knew what they were doing. The story is a little weak, in that there doesn't really seem to be an arc of any kind - if your character has changed as a result of the choices you've made on his behalf, the game doesn't articulate it in any way. I think it would have been more thematically impactful if the different endings were tied to some kind of character growth, or regression, not just who lives and dies or who gets money and doesn't. Instead it's kind of just a bunch of stuff that happens.And speaking of the alternate endings, that's my one serious criticism - it is a brutal slog to try and experience the alternate endings. I know they're proud of their work and don't want you to skip it, but they're asking a lot of the player to expect them to watch the same hour-long movie multiple times just to see a couple of new scenes each time.They should add a feature that lets you skip any video clip that you've already seen. That way you'd still have to watch the movie (and I can understand why they'd feel that way) but you wouldn't have to watch the same 30 minutes of footage a half-dozen times. It's a nearly fatal flaw of game-design, because the replays are pretty much all this game has to offer.Without any kind of reflection at the end to review what the consequences of the decisions were for the protagonist, the only way you have to measure the impact of what you decided is to play the game again and compare results. And the way they've designed the game, replaying is severely discouraged.So even though I think it was a successful film, I wouldn't really recommend it to people looking for a game to play."
,Recommended,584980,31224665,Posted: 18 April,all,riotsquad,"As I didn't even know anyone made FMV games anymore and the ones back in the day were more full motion pixelation I thought I'd give it a try and I'm glad I did.I've only made it through one storyline so far and it's prob. the worst ending - that's the way I roll baby :P - and I liked more or less everything about it, the pro's:Not too long between choices so I didn't feel like I was more or less only watching a movie.The acting was more than good enough generally speaking. (some little ""off moment"" only)The cars in the garage... (you have to be a petrol head for that but if you are you'll love that BMW... :) )Settings were well made, that slightly ""Sleeping dogs"" look of the restaurant was very fitting.Cons:The music did have a tendency to get a tad too loud covering the narration at a couple of places, this may be my headset of course but I don't think it is. (it did not happen often but I found it very noticeable when it did, it should in no way put you off buying it though, it's a bit ""nitpicky"")No subtitling of the Cantonese/Chinese, whatever it was, it's quite easy to guesstimate the essence of what was said, would've been nice with a translation though, again a bit ""nitpicky"". (as it only concerns a few sentences it does in now way hinder the overall experience)I'll without a doubt play more of this to see some other things happen...and maybe, if I'm lucky I'll get to see some good end too....if there is one..."
,Not Recommended,584980,31387013,Posted: 26 April,all,洛殊,"Overall, great movie but even the best movie in the world will become annoying after watching it 5, 6 times.Be aware that this game hasNOskip, fast forward, save, chapter selection or any other feature that may help you avoid watching repeated scenes over and over again.If you want to get the different endings of the game, you just have to watch everything repeatedly. The experience becomes increasingly unbearable as the number of repetition increased. By the time you try to get your sixth ending, 90% of the content will be something you already watched before.For people who are really interested in the story, I highly recommend you to watch the walkthroughs on YouTube instead and buy the game just to support the developers. Btw, I do consider the story to be pretty decent, despite some flaws.<Spoilers Alert>These flaws are pretty minor and do not have a huge impact on the overall storyline. I just thought it might be interesting to point them out.In what universe would someone not call the police after being almost kidnapped/killed? Seriously, the girl just goes to take an extra shift in the hospital like she just doesn't care. If you have no idea about what I'm refering to here, try giving the girl the car keys.If you decide to take the bowl to the police, a police interrogation will take place. During the police interrogation,  Matt was asked to prove that he has been forced to participate in this crime. The only two options there was either no or mention May-Ling. I find this funny, because the parkinglot he works at obviously have cameras. You could assume that any record is most likely erased, but that is no reason for not mentioning it to the police at all. If you choose to give those keys to the girl, you also have that girl as an eye witness. Despite those much better evidences exist, Matt still decides that the only two options are saying he has no evidence at all or mention someone from the group of criminals who forced him."
,Recommended,584980,31927373,Posted: 23 May,all,Hobbes,"Well *this* escalated quickly...Matt settles in for another boring night of reading algabraeic game theory (irony, that's a subject I touched on in my academic studies), and before he's even had a chance to skive off for the first nightly trip to the loo he's stuffed into a Maserati at gunpoint and enrolled into a high stakes heist to rob a very small piece of very expensive porcelain from a very powerful and dangerous chinese family.And you thought this game was going to be about a Late Shift as a car park attendant. YOU FOOL.It's not like the old Laserdisc games like Dragon's Lair, here your choices matter!The game is something between a full on movie and a VN, where the choices occur as the reel rolls in real time, this means every decision has a very definitive time constraint, and every option is going to leave you with a very definite sense of ""Cost benefit"" analysis as you move through the film. Some of the choices are very throwaway, with only minimal impact on the storyline, others have some impact, leaving imprints on how things play out (a specific point at the end neatly bookends a choice at the beginning). Others will cause the storyline to go veering off wildly into different directions, some of them highly unpleasant.Get the thick gloves on chaps, this is about to get bloody...Broadly speaking this is -not- a kid friendly film, at all, the whole thing can turn very grim in the late stages, with a bit of torture, some violence and a peppering of coarse language but it's used well, and the actors to their credit all play their parts at least competently, with standout performances going to Parr, Woe, Mei-Ling and Matt, each playing their respective parts absolutely pitch perfect at the respective points that you actually get to encounter Woe and Parr properly.Final thoughtsSuffice to say, your choices shape what Matt becomes, and how he behaves, he can try to undermine things and play the part of the ""good guy"", or he can dive in and become a part of what's going on around him. The game handles the process with exceptional ease, and despite the runtime being around 50 or so minutes, this is a high quality 50 minutes you get to spend in the company of these characters. Whilst it may not stand up to many many repeat playthroughs (indeed, seven endings, and a bunch of them revolve around what happens down one specific branch), the first playthrough alone will leave you thoughtful. That's worth the entry fee.Verdict:A movie that is also a game, and it's -good-. If this appeals, buy the hell out of it. I found it highly worth the time."
76561198059681442,Recommended,584980,31267941,Posted: 20 April,all,Storm,"Very good FMV. Good acting, engaging story. Only down side is no fast forward or skip when replaying it.Definitely worth price."
76561198123115328,Recommended,584980,34752941,Posted: 5 September,all,Harmy,"Absolutely loved it! Brilliant game and movie!Good replayability -- I didn't believe this at first but after playing it through once, you'll want to unlock all the other chapters by changing your decisions, and you'll want to know what you can change if you chose differently. I unlocked 10 out of 14 chapters in my first go, and it was 90 minutes long -- the length of an episode of Sherlock.The plot and acting are well done -- you'll be as entertained as you would be watching a good TV show.If you want to relax, sit back and watch a movie that will keep you hooked from start to finish, and at the same time, you want to play a game but you just don't have the energy for it, this is the interactive game-movie for you.Hope to see more games like these in the future!"
,Recommended,584980,31489532,Posted: 1 May,all,gamerexq,"LATE SHIFT is a FMV, a genre that's still improving and one that I'm always looking forward to playing and experiencing. This game is no different, and being crime thriller makes it that more exciting and interesting. LATE SHIFT is a game where your choices truly matter carving a unique and thrilling journey albeit sometimes falling through cracks of its own ambitions.Pros*Great acting all around with few bad apples here and there should leave you more than satisfied at the end of the adventure*Solid storyline(s)*Great replayability value - this game offers 7 unique endings, 14 different chapters that you can explore and great replay value. Each playthrough will offer different dialogue and storyline to follow.*Charming characters and actors that (in most cases) do justice to their respective role*Great price for what it offersCons*Some of the actors aren't up to bar, but given the price, these are easily overlooked*Story inconsistencies will sometimes leave a bad taste in your mouthStoryIn LATE SHIFT, you play Matt, a college student that works at a parking lot with many expensive and fancy cars to look over. After the car gets stolen in a place you work, you are dragged into a brutal London heist with not many options but to follow their words and do as you told. Shaping your own path with choices that you make, the story will lead you to one of seven different conclusions. The story is nothing spectacular or revolutionary, but the replayability and different paths that you take will offer different experiences every time.Gameplay & GraphicsBeing a FMV, LATE SHIFT offers nothing radical in its department as their focus is on telling a great story.Is this game ProperValue for your money?For its price, and replayability it offers with solid actors and shape all around, this game offers great value even at a full cost. I'd recommend this to anyone that is looking for a good FMV game as it offers fantastic experience throughout the whole journey.If you liked this review, please consider subscribing to our curator page here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ProperV#curation"
,Recommended,584980,31226987,Posted: 18 April,all,GoshMan,"I'm thoroughly impressed.Late Shift is an evolution from the old storytelling method of Interactive Fiction, which we are seeing becoming more popular through the work of Choice of Games, Tin Man Games, and to a certain degree even Telltale. However, I have never before seen the genre applied to film in such a coherent and well-formed fashion.While I've only played through it once, I am definitely hooked and intend to play it several times more. The achievements are promising seven different endings? I intend to find them all sooner or later. The length is comparable to short films or episodes of TV miniseries, with roughly equivalent production value. On occasion you see that there is a clear cut based on your choices so far, but while noticeable it - at least to me - ended up looking much more like a signpost telling me where the other content hides than an issue. In many ways I was expecting much harsher cuts before I started playing since I know how hard it can be to meld things together in a seamless way from my own Interactive Fiction writing.The story is a classic caper from the heistto the double-cross to the triple-cross, but due to the way you have control of the story, you become much more invested in what is happening than if you were watching something like Ocean's Eleven on your screen instead.The main characters do a good job acting-wise. Some, such as Haruka Abe who plays May-Ling, shine brighter than others. To be honest the biggest problem I had was with the characterization of Matt, played by Jow Sowerbutts, who comes off almost as bipolar. I understand that is due to the way the interactivity system binds scenes together, leading to what seem like sudden mood-swings that don't reflect the way I would imagine my choices to steer the main character, but that's a problem of the audiovisual medium we're playing with here.Overall I definitely recommed Late Shift as a worthy experience to go through. If you dislike it, a single play-through won't last long enough for you to return it afterwards in case you did not enjoy it at all, but I would certainly recommend this to anyone and everyone - both those who are unfamiliar with interactive fiction and those who have been into the scene since the early 80s.If nothing else, sit down and get Late Shift to see what can be done when film and gameplay meet in a true cinematic experience instead of whatever the AAA game companies are trying to shove our way."
76561198142557826,Recommended,584980,31986982,Posted: 26 May,all,☠Black Knight,"Let me start out by saying I have never played an FMV before this game. Hell, I hadn't even heard of such a thing. But this game is certainly something worth trying. I have played a LOT of choice-based games, but the choices in this one had consequences that were honestly hard to predict. The acting is pretty solid, but what stood out the most for me, were the number of choices you would be given in many scenarios. Instead of the ""do it"" and ""don't do it"" options that plague most of this genre, this game is much more versatile.Okay, the game does have some of those, but more than half of the choices you are given have at least 3 options, and many of them have 4. The game has in total, 7 endings, and each ending takes an hour to get (except for one which is an hour and a half) so expect to get about 10 hours out of this.Finally, if you would rather see the game for yourself, I have uploaded a no commentary playthrough on my youtube channel to help you more effectively gauge what you are buying.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n9nkzXEktg&t=1448s"
,Recommended,584980,32747843,Posted: 24 June,all,Polysorbate,"BADLY needs the ability to adjust music and voice volume.Maybe my TV's just garbage but at many points it's near impossible to make out what anyone's saying and I must rely on subtitles.edit: the developer added separate audio sliders in a patch so this is improved quite a bit.Also lacks the ability to skip scenes you've already seen directly to decision points, which is a bummer since it has multiple endings and you might need to play it for like 10+ hours to see all the endings, most of which will be spent re-watching things you've already seen."
,Recommended,584980,31228831,Posted: 18 April,all,Swoon,"Late Shift is extremely well written and it's backed up by a high production value and a talented cast.Shot in full HD with a really atmospheric soundtrack.The choices you make definitely do make siginificant altertations to the whole story and what ending you get.The game itself is very short if you plan on only playing it once, but if you're only going to play it once then this really isn't the game for you as its clearly meant to be played several times so that you get the ending you desire.There is really good atmosphere in Late Shift that really helps you get into the story, and the fact that you shape the path the story takes really helps you get more invested in it than just watching a movieI only really have a couple of complaints, mainly with audio. I really like the score but it's really too loud at points, for example when the protaganist is inner mono-logging  it is very difficult to make out what he says with the score being so loud. Theres no audio slider for just the music so I found myself turning on subitles for just these scenes to hear what he's thinking.Speaking of subtitles I would have liked a subtitle option for just the foreign spoken parts.Overall it's definitely an experience worth €10 and I'll definitely be getting CtrlMovie's next project."
,Recommended,584980,32686764,Posted: 23 June,all,CryptoJones,This FMV interactive movie reminds me of the choose-your-own-adventure books I read as a kid. It has an Amazing story and great actors. I played through to get as many endings as I could. You need to stop what you are doing and buy this now!!
,Recommended,584980,34067452,Posted: 6 August,all,Frosted Flakes,"The concept (interactive movie)this game has made is really novel and intriguing. If you are a fan of classical text adventure games, I am sure this game will be right up your alley. The nature that this game presents its story as a movie makes the decision-making pressing and vicarious.The Late Shift is not perfect, though. I've played the story twice and realized that a lot of decisions are just meaningless since they all lead to the same plot. I am not saying that these options shouldn't appear in the game but that the impact of some decisions should be greater than they are now. Something like the theft of the bowl being avoided will do. Just a personal opinion."
76561198027435254,Recommended,584980,31230112,Posted: 18 April,all,Murder_Punch,"Absolutely fantastic.- The movie is actually quite good with fantastic leads and a good plot. Did not expect.- Decisions are perfectly paced and feel impactful so it is also a fun enough game.Best 10 bucks spent recently. Very well done, really. Gj."
76561198120134131,Not Recommended,584980,31304328,Posted: 22 April,all,Havelock,"A word to developers:1. add ""skip"" option      OR       2. add ""save"" optionI will not refund this game - cause you've made an exceptional job on this little FMV. It's gorgeous.But the game deserves multiple playthough (and well, needs it to justify the purchase).In current state getting there is a boring chore.For the sake of this no question good game - fix it.Best of luck to you"
,Recommended,584980,31377915,Posted: 26 April,all,v.,10/10Haruka Abe <3
,Recommended,584980,31958088,Posted: 25 May,all,caubert,"It sure is a must if you're into FMV games. Greatly made, excellent actors and good scenery choises. The story is interesting and actually your choises matter here- it's not linear. It had some weird bugs, maybe only for me - the video stopped playing, but restarting the scene always helped so not a big thing. So if you are full motion video game fan I definitely recommend it to you.Funny thing was, it's all happening in UK, but most cars they drive are european LHDs : )"
,Recommended,584980,32022660,Posted: 28 May,all,Rum Cures Ham,"For an experience that sits on the edge of what a game is, Late Shift has managed to get me more invested than any other game in the last six months and probably the only one I've gone through multiple playthroughs of since Skyrim? *That I can remember*.From an acting standpoint it is executed perfectly bar one slightly wobbly accent. *You will know it when you hear it* with a wide ranging cast you would expect in a well-funded Netflix tv series. This becomes more prevelant when you play a second or third time, as 'Matt' shows a wide spectrum of emotions usually seen over several series of a show. The fact I have never seen the actors beore helped as it didn't telegraph the main players in this slick but punctual story.The flaws I have found are mostly in the technical department; some jittery transitions can cause the first second or two of a scene to be lost; taking you out of the moment as well as some inconsistancies with the subtitles. * I am one of those individuals that still reads subtitles even when audio is in my native language.*The mechanics of the Late Shift only truly ""broke"" once when during a scene in a hospital *keeping it vague*, a piece of dialogue revealed a plot point only for the main character to remain ignorant to it until working the point out himself 20 seconds later.These are small issues when compared to the enjoyment I had from my three playthroughs. I don't normally write reviews but one is deserved here even when written in a very generic way such as mine.I have encouraged my housemate as well as close friends to sit down, switch off their phones and play this in silence as they will not be left wanting. With many different endings; some being nihilistic as all hell you are not spoilt for choice. Enjoy.Ray."
,Not Recommended,584980,32654678,Posted: 22 June,all,Niandra Lades,"I feel really darn lame for downvoting and considering refunding this because I honestly really liked what I played. Late Shift is an FMV game, aka an occasionally interactive movie. Right off the bat, this won't be for everyone but I love these sorts of games!Let's go over the good:- Look great. The lighting is lovely, the video quality is fantastic and camera work is all fine.- Acting is pretty good.- Story is interesting- Video clips are relatively seamless in their transitions from one another.- Multiple endingsSo what's the bad? Well, one somewhat minor issue is the audio mixing. The background noise is way too loud compared to dialogue and sometimes drowns it out, especially in the very first scene. There are subtitles so it's not too much of an issue but you cannot individually turn down dialogue and music to suit your needs - there's only one slider for overall audio, which I guess is fair considering how these video clips were probably made but still, you'd think someone would have noticed in production.Second thing is that you have very little time to answer some of the decisions, like literally a couple of seconds for a few choices. Sometimes during the game I would relax and not be able to make a choice because I wasn't expecting anything to pop up before it disappeared immediately.The third is the biggest and reason I'm considering a refund - there's no skip options for videos/scenes. This means, after completing one ending, I have to re-watch stuff I've already scene before and the amount is only going to increase with every play through. I don't think I can sit through that, my attention span is a lil poor. What if I get a bad ending or go down a bad path?  It'd be a lot easier to just look the game up on Youtube and watch a walkthrough where I've got more control over the video player.So yeah, I don't know what I'm going to do here as I'm getting close to going over the refund period time."
,Recommended,584980,31834536,Posted: 18 May,all,yyxkk,"Late Shift is a FMV(full-motion video) game, or should I say a interactive movie, which blurs the boundary between movies and games.During my first playthrough I didn't make any choice so it was a genuine movie experience in every aspect. As a movie, the actors' performance and the cinematography are pretty good. But unnatural transition from scene to scene did happen sometimes which was pretty annoying.The fun part started from my second playthrough. This time I tried to make a decision everytime there was an option. Dozens of surprising hidden scenes were hidden behind given choices and some of them even led into different endings. I'd like to admit that I really enjoyed how the story deviated from my first playthrough.I think Late Shift would be a fantastic experience for any other gamers who enjoy story-driven games and who would love to see more crossovers between games and movies."
,Not Recommended,584980,31230860,Posted: 18 April,all,Yomi,"This is one of those reviews that makes it feel like steam needs a ""Neutral"" setting. The movie is shot well and the acting/atmosphere is convincing. If you want to see an hour long thriller mini-movie then you could do worse than Late Shift. It has some clever ideas that make it worth checking out.The main selling point, that this is an interactive movie, unfortunately falls short. After your first playthrough you will inevitably have the ""I wonder what would happen if I just did this"" feeling. If, like I did, you decide to start up the game again and choose all the different choices, you will generally be treated to a different 15 seconds of movie that then corrects to put you back on track with the main narrative. Each scene is maybe around 5 minutes, with the total game having around 14 scenes. On your first playthrough, you'll probably get through around 12, meaning there isn't actually much replay value here. It is true that there are several different endings, and that is pretty cool, but each ending scene is probably about a minute, which is unsatisfying if you just restarted the whole movie to see what the different choices did.Late shift is interesting and well executed, but I wouldn't pay more than 5 dollars for it. That said, maybe you have an itch and want a unique way to spend your next 60-90 minutes. Just know that after the first playthrough, there isn't too much more to see."
,Recommended,584980,31767512,Posted: 15 May,all,V1kingo,Late Shift is a great and innovative concept.The game is an interactive movie that unfold bases on your choices along the way.I do hope more studios will produce similar stories and I’m sure the production crew had a lot of fun during the making of Late Shift.
76561198109270829,Recommended,584980,31621922,Posted: 8 May,all,cyadorScion5,"This was an engaging and entertaining story. I enjoyed playing through this multiple times, and received excitement from different choices each time. Going through and experiencing the different chapters and options had me thinking for the entire playthrough how my choices could help me get the best ending. Cinematically wonderful as well. Overall, a great story, and I can't wait to share it with my family to see what their choices will create."
,Recommended,584980,31494814,Posted: 1 May,all,I'm nikita.,Next generation of interactive stories.+Cinematography+Quite logical scenario+7 endings-Sound mixing issues-No skip for already opened scenes
76561198309075609,Recommended,584980,31466909,Posted: 30 April,all,BlazingPheonix02,"This game is awesome! It's immersive, well-written, and well-acted. The prodction quality, in my opinion, is fantastic. There are 7 endings, I've seen two so far. My two playthroughs felt wildly different and each experience was thrilling; after two playthroughs I still do not know the ""right"" ending. It's a gorgeous movie that had me emotionally involved the whole way through, and each choice feels like it has consequences. I've seen a couple instances where it cuts away from the main character while he is talking, which struck me as strange the first time, but it makes sense for the other characters to whom he is speaking to cut him off in those places. I highly recommend this game/work of art."
,Recommended,584980,31696287,Posted: 11 May,all,fonsi,FOKEN BRILLIANT
,Recommended,584980,31231671,Posted: 18 April,all,SexyVaughn,"I've only done one play through so far. I thought I had succeeded and was going to get a good ending and possibly get laid by a hot asian chick but those Chinese mobsters left me with a nasty suprise. LOL.Very enjoyable interractive movie. I guess you could call it a ""game"" but it's really an interractive movie, just so you are aware. It's fun though, very suspensful and the acting is really good. I would recommend for people who like choose your own adventures.EDIT: Finished my second playthrough. While the decisions in the beginning seemed to make very little difference, later decisions changed the story pretty dramatically. I got a slighly better ending this time although I unthoughtfully betrayed my asian mistress at the end.EDIT: In my third playthrough I made a lot of the same decisions I made in the second one because I liked the path it went but I did some things differently that resulted in a completey different confrontation with Mr. Parr. Sad to say, my asian girlfriend was once again murdered. Sorry May-ling, I'm not good at decision making. But I'll save you next time, I promise.Strangly I got May-ling to nearly have sex with me which is odd because in my second playthrough she rejected my advances. Not sure which decision triggered that."
,Recommended,584980,31229186,Posted: 18 April,all,Modern Gentleman,"Late Shift is, first and foremost, a FMV game. I've only ever played one other FMV game myself, Contradiction, but I've seen others in videos and from the views of friends etc. From what I can gather this game plays extremely smoothley in comparison, the vast majority of the time I felt as if I was watching a movie except when I had to frantically scramble to the the mouse to make a decision.The game is a decision-based thriller much like the famous Telltale games, however it usually has 2 decisions that tend to be 1 decision based on a passionate, spur-of-the-moment type personality where as the other will be a much more conservative, self-preservation, rational view. For some it might seem simplistic, I sure did, but it makes it much more intresting when you get to big, life or death situations that force you into these mindsets. All decisions have quite a rapid countdown that had me picking a choice I wasn't always happy with - in the end this was much more immersive as the character we play as, Matt, would only have these few seconds to make a choice such as the ones we make in the game. I found that unlike many choice-based games they definately seemed to take serious infleuence especially at the end of my first run, it all sort of came together like a perfect jigsaw puzzle. I so far have only made one run of the game but I'll definately be getting those other 6 endings (7 total). If any ammendments to this review need to be made I'll leave them in the Edit section I'll have at the bottom.The story itself was fantastic, like a good book, multiple things are pieced together by the end and your choices seem to definately have an effect. It takes the story of Matt, all we get unfortunately, a young student in London. During a late night shift at a, seemingly, valet agency his life is flipped upside down and he is thrown into a high stakes crime-heist story of survival in a world you know nothing about. It had be gripped early on and constantly was considering if my decisions were the right thing, what I would've actually done and their associated consequences with the law and other after-affects.Must say that I am not at all educated in acting but I felt convinced but quite a few characters with some being slightly goofy but I imagine that was their personalities. I felt that maybe the main character was a little too rapidly progressing in his character development but it was only a minimal gripe, probably more deserving to be in the segment about the story rather than the acting but whatever. The casting seemed solid and that's really all I'm comfortable to say about the acting.To top it all off I think this game is so far, fantastic. My conclusion on the first run was amazing and I genuinely surprised on the twist it threw at me. I'd definatley give this a shot, especially if you're already on the fence, due to this I'm gonna go look up some more FMV's that could be a lot of fun."
76561198209844908,Recommended,584980,32922558,Posted: 28 June,all,風林火山,"it was interesting at the 1st or 2nd play through, then.. they definatelly need a skip or save button, and an option to turn down the music volume, still worth buying though"
,Recommended,584980,31515569,Posted: 2 May,all,Laboring Connor,"solid game, great story. only complaint is that sometimes the music completley drowns out the audio so keep subs on."
,Recommended,584980,31325907,Posted: 23 April,all,Gijsbert van Uden,Lovely game if you like to figure out the different endings by changing your choices during the game. It takes about an hour to work your way toward an ending. I like it a lot.
,Recommended,584980,31450180,Posted: 29 April,all,Bremykt,"It's pretty cool, played through it twice in a row and got an ending I didn't expect."
76561198027978604,Recommended,584980,31436399,Posted: 29 April,all,Toddziak,Really well-made and interesting adventure game where choices really do matter. I'm invested enough to want to unlock all seven endings at some point. I just wish there was an option to skip/fast forward the scenes you have already seen.
,Recommended,584980,31655652,Posted: 9 May,all,slowram,"After a day of work and stresses sometimes I don't have the physical or mental energy to properly enjoy a game, that's where something like this, where I can sit back relax and simply click a choice occasionally, can fill some entertaining time.The video in this game is very well produced, especially when considering the likely limited budget.  The replayability mechanics, though, need a lot of work as there's no fast forward or jump to next choice, instead your forced to re-watch past seen footage.The video quality, story, choices, and their impact (often immediately noticeable) make this game easy to recommend."
,Recommended,584980,34943944,Posted: 14 September,all,Truuuuuuuuu,great everyone should take
,Recommended,584980,35221901,Posted: 26 September,all,American Tragedy,"It's a positive review, but I want to make it clear -this game is definitely not for everyone. It's not quite a game to be honest. It's FMV, how they call it, so I truly believe that you don't need any explanation on whataheck this is, if you are already here. So, to be honest, I played this game, cause I am a really big fan of 'choices matter' games and I want to make sure that I won't miss any titles in this genre. However, I am so unlucky in these games. For the some reason, every time I play it for the first time without any guides, I always get a ♥♥♥♥♥iest ending among all possible endings. Then, if the game really hooked me up, I play it few more times to see other endings with a help of the guides.In this case, I wasn't so impressed about this game. Everything looked dull to me, actors were mediocre, story was sooooo typical and so obvious, that I didn't even feel any sympathize to any of the characters. But I was still excited of being the one who can tail the whole story, so I was so mad at myself, when I got the worst ending from all the endings possible. Speaking of that, I got it doing everything right, you know like a true man with a big heart, thinking of other people and consequences - you should think about it, leason learned for me anyway :)So, okay, to sum everything up, you should really grab this game if you really feel exhausted after work so you just wanna get home and sit relaxing in front of your monitor, watching a movie and clicking on some options, which seems legit for you. One complete walkthough/ending can take max 30-40 minutes and then you can start over to try something different yourself or help yourself with a guide."
,Recommended,584980,33596759,Posted: 16 July,all,lX_RucKuS_Xl,"Pretty Good, I Like it, you might like it too, even if you don't, the Interactive Cinema Storyline is solid... Well worth the $13US..."
,Recommended,584980,35061603,Posted: 19 September,all,MuLuMe ~(=ﾟωﾟ)ﾉ,Why can't we have more games like this?
,Recommended,584980,31237353,Posted: 19 April,all,Pochusaurus,I may have enjoyed this a little too much than expected. Trying for the other endings right now. Its like having a Payday movie. Definitely worth a shot
76561198216352015,Recommended,584980,31511339,Posted: 2 May,all,The Dirty Dancer,"I've watched this thing about 5 times already. The storyline changes up a bit everytime. Reminds me of the old Goosebumps books, where you choose the next step. =). I love this game/film. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,584980,31513582,Posted: 2 May,all,Heazy,"Really enjoyable FMV title, I've only done 1 ending so far, and missed 2 chapters. Looking forward to rewatching more and making alternate choices. Really well done transitions too.Negative - Music / VA mix needs adjusting, the music can be too loud. subs is a must."
,Recommended,584980,33654363,Posted: 19 July,all,Pok,"In LAT3 SHIFT you play as 'Matt', a young college age guy getting by doing a valet job for some... company. A strange noise in the distance of the empty parking lot intrigues you to go and find out what the source was. Or maybe...you don't. Maybe you don't get thrown headfirst into the thrilling deep end of a serious crime wave in London. Maybe you just sit at your desk and do algebra all night until you go home. This is a choose-your-own adventure after all so you decide what to do in situations. Overall great game. Simple design and pretty well made. I liked the neat presentation of this game (HUD) as well as the characters who I found pretty likeable, it was short but sweet and definitely engaging. More of an interactive movie than a game but still worth checking out. Price wise idk, I bought this game for full price ($13 USD) which I don't think is far too much, but it certainly could be a bit cheaper. Maybe wait until it's on sale or something."
,Recommended,584980,33355935,Posted: 7 July,all,trustnobody89,"This game is just awesome. The plot is gripping. It keeps you on the edge all the time. If you want to get a hold of the future of the television — you should definitely check this one out.Of course it is not a game per se, it is a visual novel. If you understand that, are ready for that and want that — buy it and enjoy it"
76561198024414393,Recommended,584980,31459921,Posted: 30 April,all,INeed$$,"I just finished playing Late Shift, and I can't recommend this game higly enough. The ending I got (one out of a possible seven endings) was not the most ideal, and that only makes me want to replay the game to see if I can reach the ""perfect"" ending. Excellent acting by everyone involved means that you really get drawn into the game from the very beginning. This is a must-play for any fan of the adventure genre."
76561198134050369,Recommended,584980,34939628,Posted: 13 September,all,petertheotter,"This game is so exciting. It's a game/movie or interactive movie (if you prefer). It's so well made with a good acting and SFX. It's give the pressure in the story by giving only a few seconds to choose the way you want the story to go. And the different endings are awesome. I wish I could try more interactive esperience like this one again.And the soundtrack is unforgettable.So yeah, I recommend this game.Try the experience and have fun."
,Recommended,584980,33700366,Posted: 21 July,all,Deus Ex Machina,"Very well acted, and very well done.  The acting the the decision making was just as good, if not better than most Telltale games.  If you want to be a part of a life you don't normally lead, this is the game for you.  Your decisions feel as if it has merrit.  It is a good story, which reminds me of a movie ""Confidence"" which is really good.  Not many people get rewarded for being good at being bad."
,Recommended,584980,31252792,Posted: 20 April,all,Commandant Shepard,"Overall : very good.BUT - there are literally three choices (over ~70 I think ?) that will give you a satisfying ending.All the other endings are (imo) crappy and quite similar.Also, being unable to skip known videos on 2nd+ playthrough is reall frustrating.Still, if I had to buy it again, I would.I don't regret my time on it."
,Not Recommended,584980,33362837,Posted: 7 July,all,Awesomov,"I didn't initially desire giving Late Shift a negative recommendation, as I appreciate the idea and hope to see it applied in other games. There are actual choices you can make which can change the story quite a bit, and these choices do tend to flow together nicely enough. Even the acting and cinematography are quite good or at least serviceable. It's a good game in a technical sense, and impressive on the surface.But the most important aspect of a game like this is the overall story, and I hated it. Take heed that there are some spoilers ahead. I despise stories in which the entire point of taking the logical/rational decisions are met with condemnation compared to senseless braindead actions. It'd be one thing to have a story which does that and acknowledges the stark difference with some deeply thought-provoking discussion on the matter, but that's not what this story is about. To get the best ending, at least, it is about you digging yourself further into a ring of crime than is necessary to get the girl and save the day.The game starts off alright, what with you essentially being kidnapped at gunpoint, but soon problems arise. There's no reason to chase the girl, for instance, who is part of this criminal enterprise you've been sucked into. Because she's purdy? Whoop-dee-doo. At one point early on, everyone in the group except you and, of course, the girl, are dead, what a coinkydink. The protagonist happens to act like a complete buffoon when interrogated by police, and it can't be helped because story (otherwise the game would be over, but in a ""not fun"" way, boo-hoo). There's no implication that you'll face future problems due to your actions even in the best ending, when in real life you'd likely end up with some form of punishment or even be on TV. These wouldn't be problems if this were clearly a silly B-movie game, but it's not clearly produced as such. I simply can't take this game seriously with these off-the-wall occurrences and rash decisions, which would more than likely actually screw you in the longrun, winning the day.I would love to play more games like this, certainly a viable idea with quite a mass of potential to it despite any potential roadblocks along the way. I even understand why it was short, since films don't build and operate like video games, and even if they did end up being as long as the likes of Elder Scrolls the file sizes would be reaching towards, and even into, the terabyte realm. And, actually, there are good FMV games out there, Contradiction and The Infectious Madness of Doctor Dekker being two examples on Steam worth your attention. I hope to see more of them, but I don't think Late Shift in particular is worth the attention. People seem to like it enough anyway, though, so I wouldn't blame anyone picking it up for cheap, but I personally wouldn't recommend it at all. On the other hand, I will at least give the creators props for trying and for their hard work, they deserve that much. I'd even be willing to give them another shot if they produce more, but I hope the next effort is, if not great, then at least better."
,Recommended,584980,33756691,Posted: 23 July,all,curly_nuts,"I had a lot of fun with Late Shift. The story is really engaging and the acting is pretty great. The decisions are substantial, too. There are a total of 7 endings so there's plenty to keep you occupied.One thing that really impressed me was the video resolution and the cinematography. This game looks better than most movies I've seen. The camera angles, the lighting, and the framing is all pretty well done.Also, if you're a fan of stories about double crossing, this game is a for you. Although not the most complicated story, it does have some pretty fun twists and turns."
76561198176700425,Recommended,584980,34088725,Posted: 7 August,all,Mephisto,God damn awesome Game !!!Please see more of such games. You should definitely buy it !!!
76561198092485416,Not Recommended,584980,35117487,Posted: 21 September,all,[Pissd] So Angry,"i was/am a fan of movie games so i got this one. fun game the first time, REALY needs a skip or save funtion. the first time playing i got 11 of 14 chapters and  4 ENDINGS (?) very little replay value."
,Recommended,584980,31218273,Posted: 18 April,all,[GAZArts],"A very enjoyable movie / game. I didn't think i was going to enjoy the premise as much as i did as i'm not really into the whole 'heist' genre but the acting and production value was pretty exceptional. The story and characters were enjoyable, not counting the moment one character suddenly and inexplicably falls for another which felt a little 'shoe horned' in.Lastly i really like how it felt your choices have weight.Kudos CTRLMOVIE / Wales Interactive"
,Recommended,584980,31341848,Posted: 24 April,all,:3,Pretty good Game/Movie has a nice plot but wish there were more choices to effect endings
76561198279126007,Recommended,584980,31364966,Posted: 25 April,all,Skardy,"I played it twice and, although maybe a bit short, this game (well, interactive movie would be more accurate) is quite enjoyable.Good acting, nice story, cool atmosphere.Maybe my only little complaint is that music and speech volume cannot be controlled separately.I definitely recommend it, maybe on sale, if you like interactive stories."
,Recommended,584980,31275711,Posted: 21 April,all,ElCapitan,If you like thrillers with a good amount of suspense and twists and on top ever asked yourself what you would have done different after watching a good movie this is definetly a must buy. Story is great and definitly comparable to top class movies and the decision making gives it a awesome fresh touch.
,Recommended,584980,32226918,Posted: 6 June,all,Opulus™,"Just finnshed my first playthrough and I was stunned.How I found the game:At first I heard about this game by chance, kinda like the way the protagonist got into his whole situation.I've been browsing YouTube and look upon some videos and got on a 1 hour long video, in wich the guy played that game. I realized preatty quickly what kind of a game it was and stopped watching after 1 minute.It did look really interesting at first, and since he played through it in an hour, I went to steam to buy it. I could get a refund if it didn't please me I thought. But after those 90 min., I wont refund it, I'll get all the endings!My Review:The Game itself is made really good, the Videoquality is perfect, the acting is very good and the overall Story is very interesting.I have to say that the Intro was to fast for me, because I had to figure out what was even happening, but that might be because I've played only one other game like that before.The only negative thing I can say for now, is the fact that sometimes, clips are cut off.Fortunately, they are being cut off at the very end of the scene, so that the worst thing I had, was when a guy got cut off in the middle of speaking the last letter of that sentence. So basicly no problem there.Summary:All I can say, is that in the end, you should definetly buy this game. It is worth its pricetag!"
,Recommended,584980,31302594,Posted: 22 April,all,Crimsy,There should be more like this.
,Recommended,584980,32780435,Posted: 25 June,all,10P,"Ever since I saw this game I knew I wanted it just because it looked different to usual games that I play. And boy I'm so happy that I bought it, what a game really great game. The acting is really good like big movie style acting so thats really good, all of the cinematography is done so well I'm really impressed with it. Plus all the different endings thats just adds another twist to the game which makes you want to replay it. I highly recommend this game, very good game 10/10 it had no bugs or anything so great game!*I know I keep saying game but it is a game but its known as a FMV (Full Motion Video) *"
,Recommended,584980,32862181,Posted: 27 June,all,glraven,"This is NOT a game that will entice you to sink dozens of hours of playtime.  However, it does provide a unique experience that’s often absent in today’s video games.Despite that each run takes only about an hour to finish, it does provide some surprising replay value; though you may not complete this game more than a handful of times, speaking from my personal experience, the playthroughs keep getting better than the one before by showing me different outcomes for my decisions and by making the experience more immersive.+ substantial agency over the story; unlike games such as Indigo Prophecy, in this game, I feel that my choices actually carry real weight.+ seamless transition between the senses.  The frames are so fluent that I feel like I am watching a movie instead of playing a game.+ short play time that’s packed with drama.+ nice party game.  I can absolutely imagine showing this game to my friend if they only have 1-2 hours to spare. Even after beating this game, I think I can still sit back, watch my friends play, and have a good time myself.+ the playthroughs keep getting better in the first few runs.  I cannot say the same about any other games that I've played.+ good dialogue, acting, and music+ very good cinematography.- no separate option for music and dialogue volume.  The music can overwhelm the conversation at a few points.  Thankfully there is subtitle to make it up- there are still a couple plot holes, despite that the overall experience being very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,584980,32789021,Posted: 25 June,all,KeYeR,A Great interactive movie with incredible choice tree leading to greatly different scenarios and completly different endings. I was shocked by both the importance of some choices and how differents endings can be. Also british acting never dissapoints :) Hope they will make more games (movies++ ?) like that!
,Recommended,584980,31321673,Posted: 23 April,all,Salvation,"i bought the game, but when i start a new game, i just receive a black screen??? can someone help? ... the gameplays i saw on twitch were promising tho"
,Recommended,584980,31249522,Posted: 19 April,all,MrPaper,This is what FMV games should be. The only issue I have is the sound. The voices sometimes get drowned out by the music. Other than that the game is great and worth the price.
,Recommended,584980,34908089,Posted: 12 September,all,Anal Door,"It's a briliant one, pure example of how true interactive movies should look like. I'm looking forward to see anymore of this kind coming to an industry. Totally recommend to anyone!"
76561197988942672,Recommended,584980,31793841,Posted: 16 May,all,DaneShady,"So after hesitating if I should buy it or not, since I can watch it on youtube. I taught the price was pretty much for a 80 min long movie. But since I like these kind of games where you can make choises and it still is more fun I think to experience a movie or a game yourself rather than watch somebody else play it. So I went ahead and bought it.And I'm glad I did because it was a real good movie and a game where your actions does matter. Sure, some of the outcomes are rather the same with just a little difference I think it still pretty good. And after playing Telltale's Walking dead where your actions have zero influence on your outcome this was real refreshing.So, all in all it was a good movie, with good actors, good script and gameplay wise it's nice that the decisions arent just an illusion!7/10"
76561198029056788,Recommended,584980,31593531,Posted: 6 May,all,Danmakufreak,"You ever wanted an excuse to watch a crime movie more than once in quick succession? Well, since this movie has a bunch of different endings, now you can!"
,Not Recommended,584980,33378175,Posted: 8 July,all,Godfrey_Y,"stop adding new languages plz, we want to skip the videos that we have already seen before, just make this function looks like Life Is Strange's plz!without such function makes this game boring if we play it for several times"
,Recommended,584980,31341785,Posted: 24 April,all,pizza doesn't scream,"This game is amazing, its like a 10 hour movie."
76561198125100717,Recommended,584980,34964361,Posted: 14 September,all,Frozen Sword,All I need now would be a fast-forward  or a skip-to-choice function.Thumbs up if you agree with me.:D
,Recommended,584980,32971210,Posted: 28 June,all,✪ old cracker,"Pros:- Great acting, like movie/hollywood type♥♥♥♥♥♥(which makes it more unbelivable that this is an Indie game.)- This is actually my first FMV game and this game made an amazing impression so you probably will get into more FMV games like this.- The different endings, makes you come back for more and more! (probably why I no - lifed 7 hours on it in the first 2 days I got it.)- The different endings are also very interesting to see where the protaginist might end up, dead or alive.- The makeup on bleeds/cuts/bruises/etc.. are absolutley phenomenalCons:- Does not let you skip repetitive scenes you've seen so it does get quite annoying a lot when you're trying to get all/multiple endings.- Sometimes the audio cuts out in the middle of a sentance before/after you choose something.- With the music/backround noise sometimes the voices become inaudiable but luckily it only happens on rare occasions.Notes:- If you aren't into slow-paced games I suggest not to buy this.- The story is very short, you probably can only rank up maybe 20 hours trying to find all the endings without googling them.- Again, scenes get repetitive so if you don't like that, or can't stand repetitiveness, I suggest not to buy this game.- The main protaginist dies in most of the endings."
,Recommended,584980,34762712,Posted: 5 September,all,jdgan212,You can ignore the system requirements. I played this on an really low end pc and it performed perfectly. This truly is a must buy.
,Recommended,584980,34831418,Posted: 9 September,all,楿偲樹芐,"This is a serious problem(这个问题很严重)After entering the game, the screen will be black for a while(黑屏BUG希望尽快解决)It's great to have Chinese(中文加分)The quality of the painting is good（画质很好）The rhythm of the story and the choice of the compact, focus on the coherence not encourage the player to hesitate to think right, according to the first reaction choiceFinally, I hope to solve the black screen BUG as soon as possible"
76561198078518986,Recommended,584980,34623826,Posted: 30 August,all,[TBR] John Cena,Really good gameGreat actingGood StoryEverything about it is awesome9/10
76561198129089689,Recommended,584980,31616329,Posted: 7 May,all,i can quit when i want,Mayling is hot
76561198043236727,Recommended,584980,31548432,Posted: 4 May,all,DaHolt,Kool yo
,Recommended,584980,32352129,Posted: 11 June,all,Fablub,Brilliant
,Recommended,584980,31410977,Posted: 28 April,all,[Epic!]killy,"Great action movie where you take the important decisions that will lead to different endings of the  ""game"".Pros:- good movie- good actors and voice acting- multiple endings, totally different- choices do really matter- i think it's about 5h for one playthrough and you might play it 7 times to get all endings.Cons:- could not find any, the game delivers what it's advertised.Fair price and rewarding. I would recommend it.P.S.(spoiler alert)On my 1st playthrough i ended up in jail and the game said ""choices are you"". LOL"
,Not Recommended,584980,34711771,Posted: 3 September,all,'Getboxy,"There's 7 endings, but to check different endings/choices you have to start the game since the beggining which makes it super boring after several times. They could just back chapters to chose, so you don't always have to start from beggining just to make one different decision at the end of the game to see a different ending.Second thing is this game is buggy as hell. After certain time I get a black screen and no matter how many times I restart the game it's just same black screen at the same time over and over.I guess it's a game only for one time, so I wouldn't recommend it to anyone that wants to grind 100% achievements/100% endings. Also if you can even finish the game without having a black screen.I would recommend the game for a lower price, but as it is right now - a game not worth its price."
,Recommended,584980,32095593,Posted: 31 May,all,AdolfHitman,"Ive just finished my first playthrough of the game, I really wasnt expecting much from this game but it has been a truly brilliant experience and I hope more games like this do come out. I definatley got the worst ending possible and thought the outcome may have been somewhat decent but I was so wrong. I cant wait to play through the game again and see some of the other choices and alternate endings. I do hope they implement a chaper selection system since I think once ive played through it another couple of times it may get boring watching the same scenes. But I highly recommend getting this game since I havent really seen something like this as a game and it has been truly fantastic to play."
,Not Recommended,584980,34841622,Posted: 9 September,all,Baddie McSwaggins,"Although I enjoyed bits of this film/game overall I didn't feel that it was open ended enough for my tastes.  I know this is FMV and not Tyranny, Pillars of Eternity, Wasteland 2 or any other choices matter game.... but from my standpoint that is where this ""game"" leaves sour taste in my mouth.  I felt there were far too many false choices, where you choose one thing and it leads you inevitably back to the other thing.  I tried to go through the game as a morally positive person and ended up being framed for murder, I suppose thats the false choice moments that lead you that way after the few actual choices your given to change things.  I did on the other hand like the overall concept of the game and would love to see games like this in the future, I couldn't help but say several times throughout this game to myself ""SEGA CD"".... oh god... tunnel sharks, with better acting...For the first time doing something like this since Sega Cd, I'd say its worth a buy, but if your like me and you want actual choices that matter and change things then it's not worth a buy."
,Recommended,584980,34900379,Posted: 12 September,all,Amellion,"Amazing Fmv game. It's not just a game but it's a movie too, an interactive movie with really intersting story itself. Every choices you make in the game, it definitely matters and it also have 7 different ending, Which is a plus. Also the performances certainly aren't the best but it's at least on par with a decent cable drama. I hope more studios would attempt this style of storytelling."
76561198146562316,Recommended,584980,32407455,Posted: 14 June,all,Wagbag,Good
,Recommended,584980,32149366,Posted: 3 June,all,motheryaR,"Was called a pok'gai by an asian gangster 11/10-on the real though this game is INSANE. never before have i played a gamewhere each and every decision completely changes what happens next and everythingelse. I've had playthroughs where i died, got away, cooperated, resisted, hooked up with an asian chick, got her killed and much much more!! If you like story driven games this is a game you can not miss out on."
,Recommended,584980,31245129,Posted: 19 April,all,Icinix,"So first up, I'm biased. I love FMV. I loved the old 'silliwood' games of the 90s and grew up reading Choose Your Own Adventure books, so this is everything I love about those genres.I've played through twice with some drastically different decisions and the differences range from slight to massive. The differences upon conclusion were especially large. I'm actually getting excited thinking about how I'll change choices in my next run.The game has excellent acting and production values and only a few places seem out of sync with the following scene, which is impressive considering where your choices can take you.I lost interest in a certain collection of games lack of choice / consequence a while back, and this scratches that itch superbly.For the price, even at full, this is solid entertainment with multiple re-run value."
76561198211671431,Recommended,584980,32008305,Posted: 27 May,all,im vac banned,♥♥♥♥ing incredible
76561198154010418,Recommended,584980,32532152,Posted: 18 June,all,will.barrows,The best interactive story I have ever played. Also one of the best movies I have ever seen.  I was sucking my breath in with horror as the conseqences of my decisions played out.
76561198068109901,Recommended,584980,34708182,Posted: 3 September,all,homerun555k,"Great game!  This is an interactive movie with many choices and seven possible endings.  Despite the variety of choices, the game still manages to flow smoothly.  Recommended  for anyone who has wanted to choose the path a character takes in a movie."
,Recommended,584980,31312110,Posted: 22 April,all,Gonzo850,YES!!!!Very cool way of bringing FMV back!I want more content like this!!!Devs - Please consider these themes for future projects :Dhttps://youtu.be/-AOwwasZ2WAhttps://youtu.be/v3GkHcZHQrYhttps://youtu.be/JfzzLqzEf-I
,Recommended,584980,31285088,Posted: 21 April,all,Prince ToZ,9/10 Perfect
,Recommended,584980,34874384,Posted: 10 September,all,Jamey R.,"Wow..What a ride...I just had my first playthrough.About 1.5 Hours to finish.  Short, yes.. but it was a fast ride between choices (that actually seem to matter), great cinematography and good writing.This definately has a ""Netflix Quality"" to it!for 9€ in the sale, this was definately worth it...  cinema is more expensive, and most of the time not as good as this!A MUST for all FMV and ""Choices Matter"" fans."
,Recommended,584980,34772410,Posted: 6 September,all,unSin,"I rarely do reviews, but this one deserves it!This is such a great implementation of choice-based gameplay into a movie. And this is, eithout a shadow of a doubt, a movie. Seven endings with actualy meaningful 180 choices make games like Mass Effect weep.The overall quality of acting and camerawork is on par with writing. Actors are believable in their roles thus making every choice actualy hard and gripping.Watched it once and now i'm on a mission to experience all 7 endings. That happens almost never.If the general concept of an interactive movie excites you - this is a must-have for you!"
76561198060544872,Recommended,584980,34787220,Posted: 6 September,all,Frogo,"around the same price as a normal movie ticket, but has 7 endings and lets you shape the story..."
,Recommended,584980,31410794,Posted: 28 April,all,twitch.tv/djslate,I miss Old School FMV style games. This is the first one that's come out in forever and the production quality is amazing. The transitions into the next scene after you make a choice is seamless. This draws you in a lot more and makes the experience a lot better. My only real complaint is how short it is and the reuse of some scenes on replays... I think it's a step in the right direction to more FMV's and hope they produce more.
,Recommended,584980,31253019,Posted: 20 April,all,ℳℰℳ𝒪ℛ𝓘𝒜,Really good FMV.Just buy it already!!!
,Not Recommended,584980,33387277,Posted: 8 July,all,Sheik Yerbouty,"No skip/fast fowardMeans you will play it once, but get tired to go and try other choioces because you have to go every scene you already seen through again.Idealy the game should keep track of the scenes you have seen or not and at least let you skip the already wachted scenes.Otherwise, this game is of great quality. Would like to recommend but can't for the reason above."
,Not Recommended,584980,35053487,Posted: 18 September,all,WanXpy // Overwatch,"it is a mediocre movie/game(ish) but it lacks ""fast forward"" and ""save point"" feature. So it has low replayability and until this features added i can't recommend it."
,Recommended,584980,32303804,Posted: 9 June,all,Space Macarony,"Very interesting game, I usually dont like story-type games, but this one is awesome!"
,Recommended,584980,32348976,Posted: 11 June,all,Vistalgia,"Sequel, please?"
76561198177640862,Not Recommended,584980,34854328,Posted: 9 September,all,WitchRanger,"This game is not bad, but NOT as good as you might expect. It's not a must-buy.Pro+ Very nice acting from the main character.+ Nice view+ A good concept nevertheless.Con- It can be a good film rather than a good game.- The plot is not so interesting especially after you found out why you are involved in the series of events.- At least for myself, I can see where exactly the plot gonna go and what's going to happen next, hence 75% of the game is absolutely boring and feels manipulative. I would rather watch the flim instead of 'making the choices'.-  Some parts make absolutly no logical sense.All in all, I would definitly recommend 'Contradiction - Spot the liar!' over 'Late Shift' in this genre. They are both not perfect and have some serious flaws, but as far as trying this kind of game goes, its better to try something that worth your time."
,Recommended,584980,33163377,Posted: 2 July,all,Siren,I highly recommend this game.
76561198163061412,Recommended,584980,31239040,Posted: 19 April,all,Natural Born Towel,Good actors and entertaining story... Excellent interractive movie
,Recommended,584980,33806644,Posted: 26 July,all,shibe,HOLY MOLY THIS GAME IS EPIC!!!!!!
,Recommended,584980,31300016,Posted: 22 April,all,TripleIA,"Amazing, just amazing!"
,Recommended,584980,31255752,Posted: 20 April,all,Annisa,"This game (or movie) is really good. I really wish the movie can get longer, and perhaps a sequel! Now I am interested to play more CtrlMovie games, please make more.."
,Recommended,584980,31346097,Posted: 24 April,all,The real rap god,I died... six endings to go though c=
76561198349897458,Recommended,584980,31407535,Posted: 27 April,all,PC,"For the price it is and the quality of 'game' it is I can't not recommend it, but note that it didn't live up to my expectations being that the story, characters and general acting wasn't as good as I thought it to be. As a just over $10 game it was worth the money, even though I refunded it soon after...4/10"
76561198004203574,Recommended,584980,32152406,Posted: 3 June,all,Nikolia,I finished the game and all I got was a lousy 6 million dollars. I didn't even get to bang Mi Ling.Other than that it was a good game.
76561198385586607,Recommended,584980,32206679,Posted: 5 June,all,ahoora_saadat,This was great!
,Recommended,584980,32665174,Posted: 22 June,all,Uncle_Pixy,good game but can't skip.
76561198040236903,Recommended,584980,32595210,Posted: 20 June,all,Tonkoe_Lezvie_Sna,"Great interesting movie, worth its cost. Highly recommended."
76561198121036799,Recommended,584980,32596234,Posted: 20 June,all,Felit.maybeRU hellcase.com,"I've done 6 of 7 Ends and I have to say...this game is more than ''not bad''.Yes, there are some decisions what which do not substantially change the whole game, but you WILL see their aftermaths (like relationship with the china grill :D For end i wanna say...it need time and be cool, I mean...donr ragequit after you spend 1,5 hours playing and you reach same end as bofer :D ...thats maybe why I have 11,5H on this game over 3 days... :DSome negativ stuff: I found only one think that bothered me - subtitles...specifically Czech subtitles - there are littlebitbroken...like there sometimes apear Russian letters (azbuka/cyrillic) instead of normal (cz) letters. But not very bigproblem for my...because my english isnt worst I hope :D13E isnt bad...but for people who arent like me...rich kid.. :D ..is better to download it on some cool websites :DD ...but you WONT HAVE ACHIEVEMENTS!!! and thats terrible xD so buy it...be yolo...but i wont have kebab this week :("
,Recommended,584980,31240270,Posted: 19 April,all,Defiant,"A fairly solid interactive Choose-Your-Own-Adventure movie where you play a part in a heist and then have to deal with the repercussions.  The video and audio quality are solid, and the quick (but plentiful) decisions are handled smoothly and without affecting the pace.  The acting was fine.In my single playthrough that lasted roughly 75 minutes, there were 59 (out of a total of 180+) decisions and I saw 12 of the 14 scenes available.   Though I assume that the same scene can have a different flavor based on your decisions - in the trailer, someone is holding a girl at gun point in a car park, whereas in my playthrough, the girl had already left, and I was the one being held at gun point.  But I would guess that the same basic plot with a few significant alternatives, with many of the decisions branching back to the main path.  Some of the decisions I made early on, though, did have a role in events later in the game.The playthrough I had was satisfactory but didn't have a happy ending.  The game advertises seven endings, but I don't know if these all occur at the end of the game, or if maybe one or more occur earlier in the game.My guess is that you would probably need 2-3 playthroughs to see the vast majority of the game, and maybe there would be incentive enough to go through all 7 endings, although the amount of new stuff you would see would probably have gone down a lot.Also, I played all in one sitting - I'm not sure if there was a savegame if you left in the middle, but there certainly wasn't an option I saw to save multiple savegames.  Which means if you want to play a similar game but wanted to change your decisions midgame or towards the end, you would have to replay the entire game.  That's the one negative I have about this game."
,Recommended,584980,34241976,Posted: 14 August,all,nameeleggo,where can i find more of these....
,Recommended,584980,31989279,Posted: 26 May,all,Festus Krex 1400,Unique
,Recommended,584980,34761052,Posted: 5 September,all,Redvoo,well i'd say 9/10 u know why not 10/10 ? cuz i was watching and i had 2 choices after the girl kissa) kiss her backb) don'twhen i picked A she didn't kiss me :l and that tilted me :Dbut still an amazing and wonderful game/movie <3really an amazing game/movie worth buying ithaving a lot of fun watching/playing it <3
76561198316194725,Recommended,584980,34764478,Posted: 5 September,all,MarcoReus,interesting game
76561198054575429,Recommended,584980,34637599,Posted: 31 August,all,CroyBoy,If you like FMV games you'll want to play this!Best FMV game ever. ( I know that isn't saying much)
76561198000340122,Recommended,584980,34561388,Posted: 28 August,all,shah747,I found Late Shift very enjoyable and the questions it poses really well crafted will play it again and see what happens to different choices being made
,Recommended,584980,34637309,Posted: 31 August,all,Haze,"cool game, i like this genre and i think more games should be made for this category."
,Recommended,584980,34926739,Posted: 13 September,all,Fantastik,Really good game and thx for turkish translation
,Recommended,584980,34885076,Posted: 11 September,all,lamlamlam93,"so far i tried it for 3 times and only unlock 2 endings. well, bad endings i have to say.and as a Chinese, i want to say...  in stead of a rice bowl, isn't it a tea cup really? (rice bowl for rituals maybe第一反应那是个茶杯好吗=(,=  好吧祭祀用的饭碗"
,Recommended,584980,31320928,Posted: 23 April,all,palO,Need more.
,Recommended,584980,34117570,Posted: 8 August,all,|HD| Caz,"Loved it, look forward to playing it again and making differant choices!"
,Recommended,584980,33981290,Posted: 2 August,all,Bambino,I highly reccomend this game/movie. Definitely worth every penny.
76561198047935994,Recommended,584980,33845066,Posted: 27 July,all,elFearNot,"Well made, well acted."
76561198367362655,Not Recommended,584980,34757264,Posted: 5 September,all,zhouzexian5161,It's kind of short. Sometimes the choices are too obvious.
76561198071574276,Not Recommended,584980,33092001,Posted: 1 July,all,吳朋,"Not good, not good enough. It's not very engaging and the sound of the actors are too low, music is masking everything else. It also crashes at certain chapters and you have to start from scratch. Could ahve been a great one but it is not."
,Recommended,584980,33305243,Posted: 6 July,all,Tray,Its like waching a good movie but you are the one who makes the desicions.
,Not Recommended,584980,34949999,Posted: 14 September,all,kumdankale,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ action movie story, boring if you want to replay it."
,Recommended,584980,34642026,Posted: 31 August,all,President Of Evil Art's ツ,1st and the best movie game i ever played! 10/10 ♦
76561198530216485,Not Recommended,584980,33403342,Posted: 9 July,all,alishaheen100,very shortif you like FMV gamesyou will not like it
76561197983171213,Recommended,584980,33890350,Posted: 29 July,all,Gretski,That's the ticket laddy....
76561198026290494,Recommended,584980,34320425,Posted: 17 August,all,danmak27/Athebes1,Love this game.
,Recommended,584980,31589182,Posted: 6 May,all,Deer Deity,Screw the tchois.(Review coming soon)
76561198109088087,Recommended,584980,34728030,Posted: 3 September,all,Orphan of Veronica,"Like or not,life's a sinister competition.An endless series of choices,large or small,each with its own set of probabilities.By the way:Studying only leads to unemployment."
,Recommended,584980,33965876,Posted: 2 August,all,roshux,wow
,Recommended,584980,34793464,Posted: 7 September,all,farukK^v^,FENAAA
,Recommended,584980,34643540,Posted: 31 August,all,Copperic,"Ill get a real review soon, but the game is two thumbs up, well worth the 14 bucks"
,Not Recommended,584980,31331578,Posted: 23 April,all,Sleick Fickmann,"This is a very interesting game and a great alternative to watching a movie. The game promises 7 different endings based on your choices. Far too many of these choices are pretty pointless and it makes you wonder why you are wasting your time deciding between 2 or 3 things if it literally has no impact on anything, no impact on the ending, heck, not even an impact on how the story leads up to that ending nor how the story gets concluded.Far too many endings are the same outcome for you, or in other words, your character Matt. Like, at least 2 endings are literally the exact same endings, they just happen at different locations. I just flat out gave up and looked up the endings of YouTube cos there is no way you can go back 1 step and take another choice, no, you literally have to go through the entire movie again, which is very annoying if you just wanted to see the different ending but don't want to spend another hour playing the entire movie back again, having to remember all of your choices. This is very annoying, imagine a shooting game that is very long and if you die just once, you have to go back and play through all of the levels again. That is exactly what this movie does wrong.Moreover, the voices are nearly inaudible when playing with music. (Thanks subtitles).This is in overall a bad game with too many promises. I was expecting a game where every choice I made had impact to 7 vastly different endings, not just that 2 endings are the exact same, just that they take place in different locations.I can't recommend buying this game when you can literally watch playthroughs of all the 7 different endings on YouTube.Just don't waste your 10-15 Euros on this one, it's simply not worth playing through the entire thing 7 times for 6 very similar endings and 1 different ending, it's simply not worth it. Heck, you may have to play it through 15 times cos the chance you are gonna make choices with no impact are big.Anyways, I do recommend it if you plan to just play it through once as a one time movie, but I doubt that's the case, therefore, from a general perspective, I can't recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,584980,31289309,Posted: 21 April,all,Sentuis,"Great game, better than any telltale game. Though there was sometimes when I felt like the game didn't notice my button presses. And I use a naga chroma!"
76561198285385990,Recommended,584980,34776779,Posted: 6 September,all,oneshotgurl,100/100
,Not Recommended,584980,33249612,Posted: 4 July,all,Tulpar,"Pros:LondonEnglish accentCarsMultiple endingsAnything can happenGood real life ideaCons:Too shortBad twistsLack of actingBroken game choicesSubtitles and speaches sometimes not matchNot good enough storyScene bugsOverall:İ really wanted to like this game, it has a good idea but its amateur"
,Recommended,584980,31258015,Posted: 20 April,all,TomR™,Dont trust the chinks
,Not Recommended,584980,34774088,Posted: 6 September,all,<EdgeCrusher> [GTribe],"Ahh the FMV game genre. A relic of the early 90's. With classics like Phantasmagoria and Night Trap, I couldn't help but feel a twinge of nostalgia. And who could forget those Red Alert cut scenes?I had high hopes for this game, yet I was only disappointed. The protagonist, Matt - a student who also works as a late night parking attendant, gets tangled in a messy robbery of sorts. The way the story was presented felt a bit rushed and some of the choices don't even make sense. The performance of the actors were subpar - the way some of them deliver their lines were as wooden as an old weathered picnic table. I was surprised that many people rated the cast's performance highly. Maybe I just expected more.The cinematography was good though. And I loved the cars. The soundtrack was tense and atmospheric. Unfortunately, it drowns out some of the dialogue. Which points out another flaw in this game. The sound mixing is bad. Most of the time I can't hear what the actors were saying and I had to rely on the subtitles to know which choice to pick. Lowering the background music didn't help much.Late Shift had the potential to become a great heist game / movie. Unfortunately, it failed in both story and casting choice. I will keep on playing it though, just to be able to watch all the endings."
76561198042088230,Not Recommended,584980,31568862,Posted: 5 May,all,Sebn,this was ok to begin with but the plot instantly thickens exponentially without character development. But it's so short it feels like you're on a comedown. I don't reccommend. it's a cool concept but doesn't quite work in this case
76561198027199730,Not Recommended,584980,31309823,Posted: 22 April,all,PleistoX,"at new game wont work,tried to reinstall but nothing i just see a black screen"
,Not Recommended,584980,32553840,Posted: 18 June,all,BladeMaster(4),Bugs and crashes. Audio mixing is awful. Getting a refund. Don't buy it.
76561198009129355,Not Recommended,584980,35189762,Posted: 24 September,all,NepaliRambo,"ok, so this game is good but  i was ♥♥♥♥ing dissappointed with the part when matt got kidnapped when he got arrested. Its♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz thats never gonna happen in real life. ♥♥♥♥ing stupid that one was but anywho i paid 10 quid for it, so im jjus gonna say its a brilliant ♥♥♥♥ing game..."
76561198214288649,Recommended,584980,34634982,Posted: 31 August,all,AKO-JIANG,爽飞~~~
,Not Recommended,584980,31436037,Posted: 29 April,all,ZariusHD,"I bought the game and thought this looks very interesting. However as I loaded it up come to wales interactive logo then into new game screen etc. Upon clicking NEW GAME it just sits on black screen. I uninstalled, and re downloaded again only to find the same thing again, black screen just sitting there. I am so keen to play this but it looks like a no go play for me."
,Not Recommended,584980,32394789,Posted: 13 June,all,whisperダブ,"i wanted to smash, it didnt let me."
,Recommended,584980,34452945,Posted: 23 August,all,Mr.Huan,"电影式游戏，镜头的运用，剧本，演员都不错，男主帅啊，40块钱买个小电影，挺值的顺便科普一下这个游戏里边这个死贵的碗明成化斗彩鸡缸杯成化斗彩鸡缸杯为明代成化皇帝的御用酒杯，烧造时因帝王之家的高要求，成品率不高，上品供奉宫廷，次品则被销毁，因而流传到民间的数量极少。在古代瓷器收藏家之中就已经流传这样一句话：“宁存成窑，不苟富贵。”另在《万历野获篇》中则有“成窑酒杯，没对至博银百金。”成化官窑瓷器受人追捧程度可见一斑，鸡缸杯现存不过十几件，其中八件在台北故宫，两件在北京故宫，剩余均散落在海外或个人收藏家手中，近两年国内外拍卖行起价均为两亿rmb左右The bowl in this game actually named chenghua doucai chicken cupchenghua doucai chicken cup is  special use of the chenghua emperor,the enperor has very high expectations so there are very less cup can see at now. chenghua imperial kilns had already been popular at the Ming Dynasty(17c).The chicken cup just has about 10 at now,8 of them are in  the Taipei palace Museum,2 of them are in the Beijing palace Museum,over the years chicken cup has been sold ,the price also is about two hundred million RMB(about 30 million USD)我就是个普通高中生，翻译的基本不能看，希望能有大佬帮忙完善完善，指个错啥的，谢谢"
,Not Recommended,584980,34037678,Posted: 5 August,all,costastg,"Boring story, terrible acting, bad implementation, pseudochoices. It fails as a narrative and it has no replayability due to the lack of skipping scenes."
,Not Recommended,584980,31309475,Posted: 22 April,all,Febfourteen,"too short, and the acting is so fake"
76561198390901437,Not Recommended,584980,34821124,Posted: 8 September,all,NBA2KLeon,This game contains several racism words... LOL
,Not Recommended,584980,34117066,Posted: 8 August,all,Abradolf Lincler,game doesnt work and Steam wont refund me 0/10
,Not Recommended,584980,31656108,Posted: 9 May,all,Kandorna,"Pros:-Ummm.... Cool concept, I guess?Cons:-Not only does it take about 10 minutes to get out of the New Game loading screen, each choice you make has the same awful loading times.-The music is so loud that you can't hear anything that the people are saying.Absolute trash. And I was really looking forward to playing this."
76561197988962147,Not Recommended,584980,34376351,Posted: 20 August,all,J^0ker,"Czech subtitles are broken and u cant update it in 2 months ? Well, here u have negative review and no more future money."
,Not Recommended,584980,34202425,Posted: 12 August,all,DbDick,"boring, not smart, annoying, looks like a low budget film..if you have half a brain and you notice the mistakes and plot holes, it gets frustrating and practically pointless to watch.."
,Recommended,584980,31955665,Posted: 25 May,all,Omen UK,"This isn't the sort of game I would normally play, not sure why just nevre really appealed to me I guess.  I played a couple of similar type games recently but it was Late Shift that I was really looking forward to, I'd seen the game trailer, and it looked good.But looks can be deceiving, it doesn't look good, it looks great.  The video is high quality, you feel like you are in those dark late night streets of London, or one of the many other locations the game takes part, and are drawn in not just by the look of Late Shift but by the story itself.I have so farr only found two of the endings so far, but intend of trying to complete this.  I do really like Late Shift, maybe more than I expeced and would hope for more in this vein from the developer.  My only concern was it was a little short but then for the price I suppose that's a mute point as you certainly get your money's worth and it has replayability.Would recommend Late Shift for those into these type of games but also for those looking for something a little different from the normal type of game."
,Recommended,584980,31851736,Posted: 19 May,all,Conrad,"(Finished 1st playthrough as of this comment)The story is not particularly captivating or unique but the FMV production is outstanding, apart from the fact that the developers forget to split music track and VO so you cannot adjust the volume separately. Besides, you cannot skip scenes or dialogues, which could be annoying if your game crashes and you need to start over a long section, or when you replay the game. And then, there's a slight problem of inaccurate subtitle (doesn't match VO) plus no subtitle for non-English VO. (I speak that particular IRL so it's not a problem for me)"
,Recommended,584980,31958739,Posted: 25 May,all,☺ Rio Blast,"Neat movie/game. I was looking for something different to play for a night, and this came to mind. It was an enjoyable experience, and I plan on picking it up again and playing it with some friends over some drinks. If you come into this knowing its more of a movie than game you will have a good time. The only objection I have is some of the acting is very reminiscent of B movies, but the main actor is spot on!8/10 - Worth your time"
,Recommended,584980,32055098,Posted: 29 May,all,skeledave,"Suprisingly exciting choose your own adventure styled game in the form of a pretty decent film. Up to 7 different endings means you will need to go back and play it differently each time in order to unlock all achievements. If my first play through was a released film, I'd definitely recommend it as well."
,Recommended,584980,32111187,Posted: 1 June,all,Woss Man,"Late Shift is my first experience with an interactive FMV game and the experience was quite novel. It's particularly impressive how completely seemless the branching is. I've watched others play it twice and I've play it twice myself and it's equally true that there are very different experiences to be had with different groups of choices yet it does feel like some junctions are inevitable no matter what choices you make and to that extent, some choices feel a bit futile.The most glaring flaw of this game is that you can't save your progress. If you make a choice that you want to change you have to start again from scratch and if you're near the end you'd better hope you rememebr all your previous choices that lead you to the one you want to change and you'd better be prepared to sit through the entire film in real time as you repeat all those choices until you come to the one you want to change. Because of this, it can be very frustrating as you try to explore the various endings and story chapters. I've found 3 endings so far and I'm not sure I can withstand the tedium of trying to find the other 4.But despite that I wholeheartedly recommend anyone tries this game at least twice. Pro tip: Try to imagine and decide on a personality for the main character before you start and try to make decisions consistent with what that type of persom would do. That way your choices are less random and I think you get the greater reward."
,Recommended,584980,32099241,Posted: 31 May,all,EVERYBODY,"My  first play through you can see its exactly 1.0hr.Acting is great, quality is fantastic. Could make a great movie if they wanted to make it into one (longer than 1hr)Late Shift is pretty basic in game play, well, there isn't any gameplay. You watch the movie. And react and choose from two different options (think of The Walking Dead by Tell Tales) but with no game play, and only two options.Don't want to spoiler things, but read other reviews that could explain further, but trust me, its a very interesting, very intriguing, very new type of game that I wasn't expecting to be good at all, but at the end I give it a very high 9/10.It has high level of replayability due to achievements.ProsGreat ActingGreat scriptGreat ""Gameplay""Keeps you interestedCan play in 1080p, 2k or 4k60 fpsgreat performance no dips at all - Smooth as butter.consWant Late Shift 2."
76561198141212970,Recommended,584980,32101677,Posted: 1 June,all,SoSilli,"I wasn't expecting much from Late Shift but as someone who loves decision based games I decided to give it a shot. Late Shift blew away my expectations. The actors were phenomenal, especially Haruka Abe(May-Ling) who stood out the most and was the star of Late Shift in my opinion. The soundtrack was great, although it did tend to overpower the actors lines at times and the story was amazing and only about an hour. There are seven different endings to discover and it was a blast trying to get each one. Scenes are unskippable, which some people aren't a fan of but for how good the story is, along with the different choices you make that change the story, I really didn't mind watching everything all over again over many playthroughs. In conclusion Late Shift is a fantastic FMV where your choices actually matter along with a ton of replayability that will keep you hooked and leave you wanting more. 9/10"
76561198328723576,Recommended,584980,32157958,Posted: 3 June,all,LT_Freeze,"Brilliant (game) It's an interactive movie with some choices that change the outcome, and some that don't. Acting and cinematography is great. My only issue are the rare (but noticeable) badly timed cuts."
76561198043970173,Recommended,584980,32151305,Posted: 3 June,all,CaptainCody,"If I had to rate this game on a scale from 1-10, I'd say it's a 9.8/10. The story is awesome and the way you can develop your character from a student having trouble getting by to a millionaire is amazing. The only problem I have with this game was that at one point I couldn't see the options. But besides that, great game."
,Recommended,584980,32158504,Posted: 3 June,all,Master Dizz,"Good game,"
,Recommended,584980,31610267,Posted: 7 May,all,Erica June,"The acting is good and slightly corny to be engaging and fun. It's well shot, the transitions are seamless, the choices feel meaningful. I wish there was a ""skip cutscenes I've already seen"" option but it's worth checking out, especially at this price!"
,Recommended,584980,31618412,Posted: 7 May,all,dasw0nderkid,I really enjoyed this game.It has enough variation to justify several playthroughs and it's really well acted in my opinion.It's essentially a superior version of a live-action TellTale game imo.
,Recommended,584980,31660216,Posted: 9 May,all,deadcrazyoldman,Really good looking FMV game with interesting story and characters. different choices do seem to change the way scenes get played whisch is cool.only downside is no skip option for 2nd playthrough. so you have to watch the intro and repeated scenes again. also there is no view cutscene mode after completing the game.but overall still a very fun enjoyable game.
76561198135331705,Recommended,584980,32124517,Posted: 2 June,all,raven21151,Great game! Nice chics :)
76561197993052239,Recommended,584980,32546529,Posted: 18 June,all,dawgamims,"Solid production values and decent acting. There are 7 different endings to unlock which is very interesting given that I've played through it once so far and I can't see how there are 7 endings. That is actually a good thing, because it means the divergent story telling has to be pretty phenomenal. i played the game once and it was like watching a decent movie on network television. I feel like next weekend I'll play it again to watch a completely different movie because I'll be making different choices. I definitely recommend!"
76561198242051976,Recommended,584980,32554372,Posted: 18 June,all,Darkshad0w83,"This is definitely one of the best games i've played. Story type of games, in my opinion, are the best type of games. I hope they make a sequal"
,Recommended,584980,33157000,Posted: 2 July,all,Aaron Caldwell,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,584980,32800928,Posted: 25 June,all,kookoo,Really fun and great presentation. I had not recommended this game when purchased because of the technical issues but the develoepers have worked hard to fix issues I had. I would defnitely recommend this game to fans of the genre but I have to say the quality is far superior to anything I've played before.
76561198094296752,Recommended,584980,33216044,Posted: 3 July,all,Orangutan,"Disclaimer:So far, have played through twice and reached two different endings.Late Shift is not your every day game. It is a live action movie in which you get to make decisions (by clicking on one of the options) for the main guy. So it does not make sense to go into graphics, gameplay, optimization etc.I will get to the points for which you will buy this game.Story 3/5It is a fast paced thriller story about a slow night gone bad for a young college student. I would not call the story anything out of the world. It is defnitely something you have seen before on TV or theatre and nothing worth remembering long after you have finished the game.Characters & Acting 2.5/5I thought the main characters were fine when it comes to acting and all the side characters were terrible. But, I am not a profesional movie critic. They could have got some more known actors (like quantum break did), but again, I would assume this game did not have a huge budget.Decisions 4/5Most of the time, there are two contrasting actions available to chose from. The good thing is, you can get 7 different endings based on your choices. Some choices will have a more drastic and immediate effect from the others and some will just make no difference. In the end, you will not feel betrayed by the game about your choices having actual impact.Overall 3/5I found this game a pleasant change from your everyday gaming. This is a cool concept in which still there is a lot of scope to improve. I suggest buying this if you are a fan of thriller and crime short stories."
,Recommended,584980,33406393,Posted: 9 July,all,LexTakohive,Deffinetly good.
,Recommended,584980,32757472,Posted: 24 June,all,Zealot Tormunds,Really intriguing story.Choices do matter in here. That gives the game a lot of replay value.
,Recommended,584980,33413898,Posted: 9 July,all,Talgaros,"I was actually surprised by the fact I replayed it a few times to discover the variations and the changes and so far, I've not been disapointed.Of course, it has a very finite longevity and once you've seen everything, well, that's it, but, for the price of a cinema ticket, you got to see a movie that changes everytime you see it, that evolves with your choices and the overall experience is both immersive and pleasant.Actors are globally quite good, production is efficient, story is nice... I'd really recommend, great effort, nice game."
,Recommended,584980,31242278,Posted: 19 April,all,Deltarr,"A very good plot. Convincing actors. Excellent camera work. Choices that matters.I'm an old gamer who played a lot of FMV games back when it was ""cool"" ;)I've just finished playing Late Shift for the first time (and got a good ending wich surprised me ^^) and I must say that I enjoyed this ""adventure"".I spent a very good time following the story (and making decisive choices) and I will definitely play again to try and get others endings !Be sure to play the game if you like that kind of story / gamesBy the way, it's way better than ""The Bunker"""
76561198016542852,Recommended,584980,31243874,Posted: 19 April,all,Nester,"I had tons of fun watching this once and making choices. Then I asked my friend to do it while I watched and had even more fun as he ended up with the different outcome. Now I'm sure we're gonna ask someone else to do it as it will add up fun.I think that it's a future of cinematography where people choose their own plotline. It doesn't even matter that it almost always goes sideways around a linear plotline. It gives you engagement in the storyline and you really care what happens on the screen with all the choices.Of course replayability is different factor here as after you finished it once you see all the same sequences all the time and it might get boring if you are the only one replaying it, but if you throw couple of your friends in the action it gets even more fun as you share all the storylines with each other.I really would like to see more of these movies in future."
76561198036641020,Recommended,584980,31309811,Posted: 22 April,all,VendettaThrills,"I'm a big movie fan and this was a good comibination of movie and game.  Very similar to choose your own adventure books, but in film form.  Only con that I could see was that some of the choices were a little unclear as to what they did and the time it gives you to choose each one was a little short, otherwise, I am happy with my purcahse and look forward to playing it again."
,Recommended,584980,31306362,Posted: 22 April,all,Lawie,"One of the very few movie-game decision-type (FMV) adventures i've played. For an unknown low budget movie-game, there has been great acting, great filming and a very enjoyable storyline. I Played the game twice (great replayablity) within a little over 2 hours. It's a short driven story, and I understand that creating these kind of games are hard to be even longer. But this movie/game still is very impressive. I do hope more of these kind of games will be made in the future. it is well worth the price for this short entertaining game.Only a few minor ""bad"" things:- No skippable scenes/menu if you want to collect all the achievements/episodes.- music is louder than voice, and is not adjustable. (it makes listening sometimes hard)- Would have been nice to get a hint where to unlock other scenes. (although i had 13/14 after the second walkthrough)But for the rest, it has been a priviledge to play this game.I rate this game a good 8.5/10 - Great value!"
76561197998546381,Recommended,584980,31287798,Posted: 21 April,all,8Bitaccent,"After playing through to two different endings I hightly recommend this. I wont spoil anything, because it's better if you don't know, but it's certainly worth your time at its current price."
76561198007788613,Recommended,584980,31300909,Posted: 22 April,all,King Kaiza,Awesome.
76561197985581776,Recommended,584980,31242320,Posted: 19 April,all,Praefox,"Absolutely brilliant, this is how I want to watch all movies. Give me more!Ever wanted to play the main character in a movie? Now is your chanse! I hope this is just the beginning in this kind of interactive movies."
,Recommended,584980,31282419,Posted: 21 April,all,Sheetywauk,Awesome. Get it.
,Recommended,584980,31266101,Posted: 20 April,all,A. Richards (IceRogue),"Really good game, well done and awesome to see FMV done so well."
76561197996598947,Recommended,584980,31268403,Posted: 20 April,all,Doseku,First things first.  The game is kinda short averaging just over an hour.  At least to get one of several endings.It really feels like you are playing a movie.  Any of the actions that you take happen seamlessly and naturally and don't look at all like they were edited in instead feeling like it was actually a part of the show.  There is only one spot where I noticed that it felt like it was edited and that was during a confrontation with one of the characters where the sound would cut for just a second as the camera angle switched around.There is a lot of production value put into this and it shows nothing looks fake as far as I can tell and the acting isn't too shabby.I guess one of the negatives if I had to give the game one would be that in at least one scene I got the background music drowned out dialogue so you couldn't hear what was being said.Overall all it was a fun experiance and I am curious enough about some of my decisions to go back and see what may change.
76561197984797980,Recommended,584980,31273899,Posted: 21 April,all,Chucky,Very well done. Decisions are seemless and the story is interesting. If you are interested in interactive stories you should definitely give this a try!
,Recommended,584980,31433683,Posted: 29 April,all,GusDeCooL,it's a decent movie actually. Only need to allow skip the scene when already end the game once and it will be perfect
,Recommended,584980,31459149,Posted: 30 April,all,Janny Woo,Worth the price of admission.
76561198221669736,Recommended,584980,31427010,Posted: 28 April,all,bigfoot3.1415926,"Loved it, can't wait to play it over & over and map the decision tree.  As others have said, I just think that after you play through it once, you should be able to save midgame so you can explore all the choices without having to start from the beginning everytime."
,Recommended,584980,31479257,Posted: 30 April,all,Boreas,"Excellent game.  I wasnt too sure how into it I would be. I mean it looked interesting, but would it live up to what the trailer shown?  Yes it did. I played through 3 times straight and found it neat how different things could go. I expected little changes, but I was surprised that some of the choices lead to really big changes through the playthrough.One thing I wish though is that the video and music tracks had seperate adjustable audio channels. A number of times the music would be too loud and I couldnt hear the dialog (thank god for optional subtitles).  But the next play or two, those areas played audio fine yet had issues in other areas.  I dont know what was causing it- but I really wish I could have been able to adjust both volumes.This game is well worth the price. I really hope there can be more games like this and done to the quality this one has achieved."
76561197968448928,Recommended,584980,31503011,Posted: 2 May,all,Alex,Surprisingly well executeted.
76561198171359430,Recommended,584980,31482862,Posted: 1 May,all,INCREDIBILIS!,Exceptional film quality.I just wish there will be a skip button when Im replaying xp
76561198070943701,Recommended,584980,31494566,Posted: 1 May,all,Razen,"I saw a Trailer of the game today. I love to make a choice, which influences the game. The fact that it was a film, made it even more interesting for me. I had to buy it right away. I really love this game/film. It it so exciting and you have to be so fast with your decisions. You can be the protagonist - Act like you are Matt. It was a super fun experience and I will definitely play this more often. I am really interested about the other endings and I really like Haruka Abe (May-Ling) :) I hope to see more films, where you have the choice - It was really fun. Great job and Thank you!"
,Recommended,584980,31658024,Posted: 9 May,all,Drawiz,Movie with plot ctrl.Immersive.Noice.
,Recommended,584980,31659137,Posted: 9 May,all,Mizu,"This game has some teeeny tiny faults. Allow me to elaborate.This will contain spoilers so watch out.The story starts off alright then it kind of derails from there. The main thing about this is a ♥♥♥♥ing bowl? Are you kidding me that's the most boring motive I've ever heard.At the beginning you can check the CCTV and you see the criminal sneaking behind the car.Say you chose to go to the police, you would get sentenced and arrested and there is no option to say ""Hey uh so there's like proof that I have been held in ♥♥♥♥ing gunpoint and forced to drive? so like... Yeah there's that. Also theres a witness that can confirm my alibi that I was doing my late shift. That woman at the beginning of the game. Nope. You can't. Writers just forgot about that.But with all the inconsistencies the absolute WORST offender of all - there are 7 endings right? Say you finished the game and got 1 ending and now you want to go and find the rest. Guess what? You have to play EVERYTHING all over again. Yep! The entire hour ALL over again because for some reason they don't let you just pick off from a choice you felt was  ""ehh"".So would I recommend this game? Well it depends. The movie isn't really bad I rather enjoyed it. The price seems kind of fair I guess. I'd go for 9$ personally but maybe its just me.I wish there was an inbetween vote because I would give it that one."
,Recommended,584980,31755442,Posted: 14 May,all,Lutreeno,"Great game! No lag, no frame drop."
,Recommended,584980,31776062,Posted: 15 May,all,Dr. Peppermill,"It's pretty good FMV game, I liked the actors, the music and the action.  It's worth replaying it at least 2 or 3 times in order to see different endings.  Keep in your mind that some insignificant at first look choices and actions can greatly change the final outcome.  The game can be played on very weak hardware because it's based on video files."
,Recommended,584980,32073152,Posted: 30 May,all,Arcwise,"I bought this game after watching an entire playthrough by a streamer.Having to constantly worry about the main character or anyone else dying by choosing the wrong path makes this a truly immersive experience. Rarely have I cared about characters in a movie as much as in this one. For the price of going to the cinema twice, you get a movie with multiple endings that is easily twice as enjoyable as usually."
,Recommended,584980,34749199,Posted: 4 September,all,⊱JT⊰,"Great game, highly recommend"
,Recommended,584980,34775870,Posted: 6 September,all,Rubber Duck,"Thumbs up, great experience, though more can be done to make transitions perfectly seamless, 9/10!"
,Recommended,584980,34782362,Posted: 6 September,all,Ragido,Great Movie/Game i really liked it.  The Acting is very welldone and everything so perfect.I wish all the movies were  like Late Shift. i really recommend it!there is translations for almost all the languages
,Recommended,584980,34792392,Posted: 7 September,all,WallCroftZ,"First of all, this game is more like watching a movie, but only if you can interact with the movie. So we can called it ""Interactive Movie"".About this game, At first I thought that the game might not be fun and I would have played around twice, or may be the movie might be bad. BUT I was wrong. The movie itself made out in quality as much as the movie screened in the theater, I would dare to say that it way better than some movies in theater. The production are really good even though it more like a short flim than movie because it a bit too short(For me). I really love how they write this story and camera angle in this movie, even the acting is so good.NOW what matter the most is choice in this movie, like they said ""Choice Matters"" well it really really really matter. I play this game twice now but I can see many scene that different from the first time even though I select most of the choice same as the first time. They have like seven endings for this movie but I just got only 3 so far in second round I manage to get 2 ending in one go(depend on your choices). Some choices might be decent in some scenes but it work out sometimes and sometimes it look weird.I wish most of others game studio (cough...Tell..cough..t..ale) should consider how they manage to made this movie to be interesting and more enticing to follow the story. Other Choices matter's game always have a moment that whatever you should this choice or not that scene will always happen. I know that making movie and making game are different but all of them are connect in some ways. Nothing is easy. I studied in this kind of carreer so I know the different.This is for the short version of review.Pros:-Excelent Movie and Good Production.-Good Story-Nice Gameplay-The choice are very decent(Most of it, but sometimes it just awkward)Cons-There no save game or check point once you select the choice the game is go on(This is really bad vecause sometime you just want to reverse your decision, In order to do that you have to go back and start watching it at the beginning.)-Their are some flicker when you select the choice so fast(Try to wait at the very end to choose it)Conclusion:I give this 9/10-1 for not having check point(Well in real life you can't just go back and fix your things right?)Overall I recommend this game the price are not so bad if we compared when buying movie.I hope that they will keep making good stuff like this in the future."
76561198097724151,Recommended,584980,34760379,Posted: 5 September,all,ZJiang,"If you loved those Choose your Own Adventure books as a kid, you'll enjoy Late Shift.Like it says, choices DO matter. The acting is fantastic for a FMV and the storyline was high-action and compelling. There was tension and uncertainty in plenty of choices you'll make.It's the best quality Choose your Own Adventure game I've seen so far (superior to the Telltale series in my opinion) and for those, like myself, who enjoy the genre it was well-worth the money."
76561198057396267,Recommended,584980,34774061,Posted: 6 September,all,social_code99,"Very good purchase , i really enjoyed it and hope there is more of this . very captivating piece of entertainment here ! exciting through and through ! and replayability factor as tehre is multiple choices to decide the entire way ."
,Recommended,584980,34811998,Posted: 8 September,all,Ambient Surprise,"Really good FMV game, good replaly value. It's about 2 hours long but I wish it was longer!"
,Recommended,584980,34806358,Posted: 7 September,all,Kalux,"Pro: Very interesting game, and your decisions really do matter.Con: I wish they had a fast foward (or skip) feature."
,Recommended,584980,34828307,Posted: 8 September,all,Champion of ash,not bad
,Recommended,584980,34828383,Posted: 8 September,all,ElusiveOne,"WithLate Shift, the 90's crazy interactive FMV dreams have finally evolved into a promising reality free of technical hurdles and poor quality.Two or three time-limited choices are presented unobtrusively on screen at key moments, without interrupting the action or dialogues. Being in control and ultimately responsible for any outcomes adds a lot of positive tension.Many simpler choices provide light cosmetic alterations that funnel back to the same beats, while more drastic and consequential ones reveal completely distinct chapters and can mean the difference between life and death for certain characters.Watching a movie is a passive affair and you may be forgiven for being somewhat unprepared for your first decision. Pay attention because this is not playing on Netflix! While this feels like television I missed the ability to rewind or pause, but on the other hand I've rarely felt this involved while watching anything else in FMV.PositiveDecent cinematography comparable to modern TV seriesMostly very competent actingSurprisingly thrilling storylineSeamless video integrationLikable main character every day guy MattNegativeIncorrect subtitles don't reflect actual dialoguesThe more violent or action-oriented scenes aren't as credible and are poorly actedSome noticeable plot inconsistenciesChoices will lead the player to one of 7 distinct endings, spread over 14 chapters (not all of which are seen on a single playthrough), proposing 50 or so decisions over approximately 75 minutes per game. I found it good enough to play the game twice but lacked the motivation to watch it further, being forced to start from scratch every time and unable to skip scenes or save bookmarks.I will likely replay it several months later when it has a chance to feel fresh again."
76561198259377812,Recommended,584980,34841257,Posted: 9 September,all,D3lyar,Wonderful
,Recommended,584980,34893110,Posted: 11 September,all,Yuiiski,Just give the poor man his bowl!
,Recommended,584980,34783479,Posted: 6 September,all,AsunRaise,its all about the damn rice bowlY U DO DIS 2 MEH
76561198330419575,Recommended,584980,34833508,Posted: 9 September,all,Frieza,It was a very long night :D I recommend this game
,Recommended,584980,34897443,Posted: 12 September,all,hlpfboy,"Nice Story, but i miss a continuation."
76561198269484267,Recommended,584980,34895675,Posted: 11 September,all,Bruh,This game is quite good also making your own chocies makes this game more independent than any other game.
76561198271966080,Recommended,584980,33637061,Posted: 18 July,all,Walton Daniel,"This is definitely one of the best games i've played. Story type of games, in my opinion, are the best type of games. I hope they make a sequal！"
76561198021346286,Recommended,584980,33963320,Posted: 1 August,all,TheCuNT,Well Made well acted reminding me of the days of the old fmv games. Its just a interactive movie where you make the choices. with saying that its not really a game... who cares. i enjoyed it. i hope they make more like this. its worth its asking price but if your iffy and you see it on special dont hesitate.
76561198202156701,Recommended,584980,34095509,Posted: 7 August,all,grammar,great game!!even though no game save so messed up once and once again :(
,Recommended,584980,34117132,Posted: 8 August,all,BIG D.,"I ALWAYS WANTED TO PLAY THIS KIND OF GAME.FINALLY, IT CAME TRUE.IT IS NOT EXPENSIVE. THE PRICE OF THIS GAME IS AROUND THE PRICE OF A MOVIE.LIKE IT.IF WE CAN SKIP THE SAME DRAMA WHEN WE PLAYED THE SECOND TIME WOULD BE MUCH BETTER.ONCE YOU ARE IN, YOU NEVER OUT."
76561197992855409,Recommended,584980,33252904,Posted: 4 July,all,Aristotlol,"Late Shift is another brave hopeful in the (largely British?) FMV New Wave. It bills itself as a “cinematic interactive movie”, which raises interesting questions about how it is to be properly appreciated...Knowing that everything is filmed with live actors, you can think of Late Shift as an uninterrupted, hour-long QTE...It feels like a James Bondian anachronism that the female character, out of nowhere, becomes your deferential slave on most branches. Some of the possible, preposterous dialogue that cements your character’s dominance over her shouldn’t be seen so it can not be believed...If you know someone who enjoys the kind of thrillers that involve a (varyingly relatable) fish-out-of-water, rapidly unfolding events and slick shots of expensive cars, and who doesn’t have much videogame experience, this could well be a treat for them. It might even be their gateway game....more athttps://memorat.blogspot.ie/2017/07/late-shift.htmltweets athttps://twitter.com/memorating"
,Recommended,584980,34177163,Posted: 11 August,all,Südpolbanger,"This game is insane!pros:- great story- its not a game, its a movie where you decide whats next- not boring, even after the third or fourth time re-watching it- basicly a game for chilling at 3am- real life graphicscons:- when you want to unlock all of the achievements without following a guide, you´ll have to watch the same movie for like 10 times"
,Recommended,584980,33428220,Posted: 10 July,all,G.O.,"Reasons I love the game:1. The graphics quality.2. The plot. Of course, if you are familiar with typical Hollywood movie and the theories like the Hero's Journey, you would easily see those key choices and push the narrative.3. The 7 endings. Many of them can be accessed in different ways, I mean even you reshuffle the choice order in the story."
76561198073468035,Recommended,584980,32126602,Posted: 2 June,all,CN Superior,This game is one of the best i've ever seen.
,Recommended,584980,34925831,Posted: 13 September,all,kasia_cichopek,Short (about 1h) but wow!
,Recommended,584980,31242864,Posted: 19 April,all,Theta,"Not quite sure if I just watched a movie or played a game to be honest, the aftermath sensation is rather ambiguous.Anyhow, this sure was truly thrilling and intriguing. The acting is really good, and at some points amazing. Sure there are moments where it shines through, but not in a way that it spoils the experience, but more the opposite.The attention to details in acting, props and environment is top. It holds high image and is catchy right from start right through, the story holds depth and even so more taking the choices into consideration.You will run this game several times, I did three runs right off the bat just to see the differences in some of the points. Which is where I find the only cons with this game/movie, it has no save/load function nor any skip function. So if you get at it again and go for another run, it will get quite repetitive fast. But then again, the amount of details in the environments and settings are more than enough to hold one occupied. I actually found several well hidden hints on my second and third run in the scenes which I had already passed through.This sure was something completely different and I did truly enjoy it. I am usually not that much for movies or series, but this nails it, as it adds the parts which I miss in movies or series. The freedom of interaction into the narrative.Sure, the lines may be a bit linear, and some may argue that some choices are 'pointless' as you end up in the same parts anyhow, maybe just slight different. But considering that this is live action with real actors, one must really admire the amount of work put into this; as with any game.I am happy I tried this one out, it really deviated from what I am used to in terms of gaming, and really added something new to my overall gaming experience.And I do recommend this to anyone who enjoys a great story, especially in movies or series but with added game mechanics."
76561198043467556,Recommended,584980,35093947,Posted: 20 September,all,ArthasGaming,"Just played this through once and to me the story was great, I love that you get to move the movie along with your choices, would love to see more game/movies like this."
76561198025465580,Recommended,584980,35140943,Posted: 22 September,all,jezebelthenun,"If you have ever watched a movie and said to yourself, ""I wish I could see what would have happened if the main character made a different decision there,"" then this game will make you extremely happy.  It IS a playable movie, and as such, you'll see a lot of the same stuff throughout all of your playthroughs.  If you approach like someone who expects 100 hours of gameplay and DLC out of every single game they play, then this game will make you angry and ready for a refund.  All things considered, this is an amazing piece of entertainment.  I've played 3 times already, and still have some things to unlock, so you bet I'll play it again.To call it a game, I think stretches the definition of the word.  Interactive entertainment is more accurate, and it certainly excels in that."
76561197979635569,Recommended,584980,34978005,Posted: 15 September,all,Zer0,"""Late Shift"" is a textbook example of interactive storytelling. It's like a live-action version of a Telltale Games... game. There's no game play to speak of: no puzzles to solve, no bosses to fight, no chase scenes to navigate. You're just watching the story unfold and periodically, you'll make choices about where to take the narrative.Since there are no game elements to speak of, it seems more accurate to review this product as a movie. In those regards, the acting is decent, the direction is good, the production values are solid. There are some plot holes, but they're fairly minor (with the possible exception of some unexplained time lapses). There's really nothing new in the story being told, but it's a passible heist flick. As a movie, it was worth the price of admission; couple that with being able to meaningfully impact the way the movie played out made for an even more enjoyable experience.Re: choices matter. At the time of this writing, I have made four complete playthroughs resulting in three different endings. Each of the first three endings were unique and while the fourth ending was identical to my third, the path leading to that ending was noticeably different than my previous play through. Also of note: when prompted to make a decision, you'll have a limited amount of time to select your choice (5 seconds or so).I would advise adjusting the music volume before you begin the game, though. By default, the music volume is set to 100% and it nearly drowns out the dialogue. Even at 25, I found it too distracting; I ended up setting the music to '0' just to hear what the actors were saying.6/10 as a movie, 8/10 for the novelty of the experience. Two thumbs up, even at $12.99 (which is about what a matinee costs... except you don't have to go anywhere. And you get to decide some of what happens. And you'll probably go through the story more than once). More like this, please!edit: added note about time limit during decision making moments"
,Recommended,584980,35013963,Posted: 16 September,all,moomoojubu,"In this game, the choices are really matter and impact the game's outcome unlike Telltale Games' nowadays."
,Recommended,584980,35041480,Posted: 18 September,all,KBee,Great
76561198045652303,Recommended,584980,35396659,Posted: 1 October,all,Element of Harmony,"This is the first interactive live-action movie I have seen. Very well executed with interesting choice paths (endingsnot very different, and good ending isn't that satisfying/full or fulfulling) and surprisingly decent actors. I hope this type of innovation influences future movies to allow audience interaction.The only problem I had was replayability; to experience the different endings, you have to go through the entire movie from the beginning, no chapter selections, etc."
,Recommended,584980,32221891,Posted: 6 June,all,"=1PARA=Jessie @Fort Worth, TX","""""Directed by Tobias Weber, and written by Michael R. Johnson, author of Sherlock Holmes (2009 film)Acting performances by Joe Sowerbutts (Matt), Haruka Abe (May-Ling) and Oliver Twist’s Richard Durden (Samuel Parr)""""It's pretty solid really. Acting,Directing,Screen writing are all amazing . Also sound quality , cam quality, very well done including the action scenes were pretty good.Character selection is spot on as well. All acting performances in my opinion were solid, all of them. From the Top characters to the annoying guy in Metro asking question while trying to catch my god damn train :)And The way it let us interact with it , just a masterpiece.I'm waiting for more interactive movie games like this, if they can do as good as ""Late Shift"" with multiple endings and variety of choices that actually  have multiple impacts."
,Recommended,584980,35413109,Posted: 2 October,all,Bluey,Its pretty fun actually. You wouldnt believe how good it is by judging the trailer for it. Its relaxing and you get pretty hooked easily. Not sure how much the full price is but i bought it when it was on sale. Worth 5 bucks but any higher than that i wouldnt get it cause theres not much point in replayingit more than twice.
76561198031324620,Recommended,584980,35504639,Posted: 5 October,all,itsdg43,"Giving it a thumbs up.  Not an overwhelming whole-hearted thumbs up, but respectable positive review because I've got a weak spot for FMV games and I want to see more of them.I payed $12.99 for the game and played through 4x.   (No spoilers below).Playthrough #1 - Game crashed twice at seemingly random points.  Restarting the game took me nearly to the same place, and choosing the same options did not encounter the crashes.   Endings unlocked 1/7.Playthrough #2 - Game crashed once.   Despite a number of different choices made during the game, my final choice put me in a similar place and seemed to end exactly the same.   However, Ending unlocked still ticked up to 2/7.Playthrough #3 - I went into this thinking this would be my last.  Three times through would max out my tolerance.   Somehow my decisions left me in a worse situation than playthroughs 1 and 2.   Endings unlocked 3/7Playthrough #4 - Finally resolving on one last playthrough, I looked up the key decision points that would give me a good outcome and played through.   Somehow Endings unlocked went to 5/7.   Whatever.  Got my $12.99 worth.Acting was good, story was decent, editing was really good and smooth transitions for the most part.   I didn't really like that the choices were timed (a.k.a QTEs).   But a good enough experience.   If you really like FMVs, then this is another to add to your list.  If  you don't really care for them, I'd skip this one."
,Recommended,584980,35511876,Posted: 6 October,all,WillBeefy,I'll give this game 9/10.I definitely recommend you to buy this gamePROSMultiple EndingsThe story in this game is brilliantChoices DOES matter in this gameGreat ActingIt's not expensiveConsNo Skip modeNo save option
