user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,585290,30783828,Posted: 27 March,all,Chudah,"I'm very pleasantly surprised with this fantastic little piece of interactive fiction.  Sure, the sci-fi premise had me interested from the start, but Lifeline turned out to be a LOT more entertaining than I expected. The writing and plot is top notch with an incredibly likeable protagonist in Taylor.  I didn't think the story would have kept me so engaged considering it's set on a desolate moon in the furthest reaches of the galaxy, but the rapport you build with the stranded science student keeps you concerned for his well being as much as you're interested in discovering just what the deal is with the creepy moon he's crash-landed on.  Heck, towards the end when things go nuts I was absolutely hooked, even having dreams about it after I'd finished!What's most interesting is the way the mobile port paces the story segments, having the reader wait several minutes (and at times hours) between interactions with Taylor.  This does an excellent job at conveying the character's isolation while adding scope to the overall narrative, not to mention injecting suspense when Taylor goes silent at tense moments.  Although some may feel the wait is an annoyance, it's easily switched to ""Fast Mode"" after Taylor's first death, which will likely come early in your first play-through.  For those with a bit of patience, exiting the game in ""Real-Time"" mode minimizes it to your taskbar where new messages will pop up as desktop notifications.My one and only complaint is that the text moves too fast for me to keep up with most times, being the slow reader that I am.  This isn't a huge deal as I'd often just scroll up and take my time catching up while Taylor finished his thoughts, but it would've been nice to have some type of text speed option to work with.Anyhow, I really don't want to say much more for risk of ruining the story, but if you are at all into interactive fiction, I highly recommend this little gem.  The first in a series of games, I'm hopeful the rest make their way off our phones and onto Steam, especially since this one ends in quite the cliffhanger."
76561198031273221,Not Recommended,585290,30565959,Posted: 17 March,all,Sheepscuit,"Conclusion -Unfortunately the game is simply a waiting simulator designed for mobile and given the amount of content/interaction, isn't (in my opinion) worth the asking price. I was expecting some similar type of game to Reigns when purchasing but have been left disappointed.What there is, seems like it could be a decent story, but with fast scrolling text making it hard to keep up without constantly scrolling back, and continuous waits of various lengths (with the very first one being around 2 hours) any immersion in the story is soon broken.Refunded.Update 2 -I waited another 1 to 1.5 hours and played some more. This time I could progress easily enough. But again it was another choice, then another wait (of 2-4 minutes), another choice then another short wait etc. After the introduction to the game I've lost most of my interest in the story. Think I'll cut my losses here.Update 1 -I launched the game again after 1.5 hours. Good news is that the game progressed without it running the whole time. Bad news is that the character simply says ""It's further away than I thought...I'm not halfway there yet"". Game really seems like a simple waiting simulator at this point.Original -Warning to anyone who is intrigued about trying the game - within the first 2-5 minutes (the first real choice) you'll be presented with the first wait. Of an hour+. At this point it starts to feel as if it's pushing your play time to avoid refunds.Currently I've exited the game, hopefully that hour will still pass in game and I can continue. However even exiting the game took ending the process in task manager for it to work.Also, the scroll speed of text is a tad too high for non-speed readers to keep up.But the game has promise, I'm interested in seeing where the story goes. So I'll play again later, if I can continue. But for now I can't recommend due to an intial blockage in play."
,Not Recommended,585290,30628510,Posted: 19 March,all,Stephen,"Lifeline is essentially a story that unfolds in real-time.It's all diaglog based, with Taylor (the main character) describing what he is seeing and doing, and you can offer advice to tell him what to do next.So there are times where he'll need to 'travel"" from point A to point B. So nothing will happen for an hour.You are literally expected to shut off the game for that time.I'm not sure it really works in a desktop environment, but the story and writing are definitely very enjoyable. If you do not have a mobile device capable of running the game, then definitely pick it up on Steam, as it's definitely worth experiencing.However, the story is best experienced from a mobile device, where you're fully immersed in the experience of the mobile-to-mobile communication, and the push notifications involved when Taylor wants your attention.There were no push notifications for this version as far as I’ve seen since I bought it. That severely hampers the playability of this.So overall, I cannot recommend this game on the computer.I do, however, heavily recommend it for your mobile device, which would have push notifications properly."
,Not Recommended,585290,30633781,Posted: 20 March,all,Netherwulf,"To get right to the point, I feel that this game isn't worth the money. In my opinion, I believe this could have been a good little text adventure, but it misses its mark.To begin with, I don't like the invariably binary ""decision"" prompts. Binary is fine when there are only two options, such as turn left or right, go forward or back, etc etc. But as the situation becomes more complex, two options is frustratingly limiting. There is one point at which Taylor asks whether he should try to capture it or try to kill it. There is no option for leaving it the hell alone, which I feel most people would have considered a valid option. Then there are the times that you are tasked with making a decision, but afterward, it immediately becomes obvious that it wasn't the decision that the game's writer wanted you to pick and it quickly circles back toward the other option. In a similar vein, in many cases, the two prompts that are offered effectively say the same thing. For instance, ""Tell me what you see,"" and ""What going on?"" These are pointless interactions.Secondly, in my opinion, Taylor's dialog is poorly written. He often launches into an expositional dump or describes something in more detail than a person normally would in an actual conversation --which is what it is supposed to be. He makes jokes and side remarks that undermine the anxiety and fear that he claims to be feeling. And most annoying of all is that the game is apparently set in the distant future when humans are traveling between star systems and yet Taylor repeatedly makes reference to modern pop culture. It almost feels like the game is trying to drop names to make itself sound cool. It completely breaks the immersion.And finally, I feel that the game's visual design is poorly executed. It is supposed to be a text-based communication system, so one would think that its design would be reminiscent of modern messaging programs --such as Steam's chat system, for example. But instead, it is simply a stack of chat bubbles populated with an obnoxiously large font. The game rapid fires these text blocks at you and then goes silent for an indeterminate amount of time, making for an annoying pace of play.I have played a number of text-based adventure games in my time and thought that Lifeline would harken back to that genre, but this game shows none of the complexity of those old DOS-based programs nor even many of the better ""choose your own adventure"" books.In the interest of full discloser, I admit that I have not thoroughly investigated every aspect of this game. So I am unable to fully evaluate it. However, I will say this. I played it for several hours, getting what seemed like rather far into the plot of the game before Taylor stupidly died of a heart attack moments before being rescued. I have the option of rewinding the story and trying again, but I feel no inclination to do so. I didn't find the story particularly compelling nor fun to participate in. Take that as you will."
,Recommended,585290,30576093,Posted: 17 March,all,Jadelor,"This is a light interactive fiction story that *unfolds in real time*, which apparently the release company forgot to mention when they ported this thing over from the mobiles and removed the first-start guide from the game for some reason. After one death, you can switch to fast mode that goes as fast as you can play it (UNLESS THEY REMOVED IT TOO), but it should probably be available from the start for frustration prone PC players.It's a good little science fiction story – give it a chance. Just leave it on a secondary monitor or minimize it to play in the background and it'll notify you when things happen.If you close the game, it stays resident on the systray to provide notifications that tell you when Taylor's available again. You can exit completely by right-clicking the tiny systray spaceman, and the game will still advance time, but won't notify you. :)"
,Recommended,585290,30825188,Posted: 29 March,all,Lacie,"I've never played the mobile version, so I'm not sure how it differs from PC and mobile.I actually really enjoyed the story, although I have to admit that I REALLY started to hate Taylor. I also did not like that you had to wait in real time (and such long waiting times!) just to continue on with the story. Thankfully there IS a fast mode, but I didn't use it until after completing the game, since I didn't even realize there was a fast mode when I started the game. It would be nice to have an option in the beginning of either having it on or off.I also realized halfway through that you can get notifications for when Taylor comes back, although you only get it if the game is minimized. It might be nice to have notifications whether or not the game is minimized, since I was doing something else without it being minimized.However, it is kinda silly to buy a $1.99 (mobile) game for $3.99, no matter HOW good the story is for the game. So, if you like text based games (without graphics), then I would definitely recommend this game. However, I only recommend it if you are able to get it on sale. It's definitely NOT a game I'd consider being worth $3.99 considering how irritating I found Taylor (and that it's a text game)."
,Not Recommended,585290,33038940,Posted: 30 June,all,Danko,"Lifeline had a lot of promise with its original pacing mechanics and immersive style, but what saddens me the most is that it has completely failed to realise its potential.The core of the game is that you have to guide the protagonist through the dangers by helping him make decisions.And that's where the interesting premise starts to fall apart.First of all, the protagonist himself. He lacks any real character and at best can be described as ""common"", ""annoying"", ""whiny"" and only occasionally ""witty"". I suppose it makes him relatable but it's only a matter of time until he annoys the hell out of you, especially if he keeps dying because of random choices.Yes, the choices. This is the perfect example of bad and meaningless choices that all CYOA games should avoid. For every situation, there are only two choices, and 90% of the time the choice is whether to go ""left"" or ""right"". That's it. You'll spend hours telling the protagonist to go in one direction or the other without any meaningful interactions. The protagonist then continiously asks you whether you are absolutely sure you want him to go this way and continues to whine. If you ignore his whining, congratulations. Most of the time, he'll end up dead and you'll have to replay a large chunk of the game.Lastly, the story. What starts as an interesting space horror/mystery rapidly devolves into some typical b-movie and ends. Without spoiling anything, I was both surprised and dissapointed by the ending, having wandered in space for many days before reaching a quick and unsatisfying conclusion.Oh, and if you want a good CYOA game with similiar mechanics but better story, mystery and real choices, you should play ""Lost Crew"" instead."
,Recommended,585290,30623649,Posted: 19 March,all,Kit,"Honestly, storyline-wise this is a great game. I was already a fan of this, so the steam version seems like an extension. I do think that it's a better experience on a mobile phone, as the price is less and it works better with the concept of waiting for a reply. However, either way, this is a great game that you should try.EDIT: At the time of writing that, i had not yet completed the full game, and assumed that it would all be the same.There is actually a great addition to the storyline, once you finish the game in all slow-mode (might also appear under different curcumstances, but thats when i got it)my point being, there IS something extra for a fan of the mobile version, and i recommend it to people who have already played that, too."
,Recommended,585290,30611087,Posted: 19 March,all,Serge Stiles,"I enjoy all of the Lifeline games. If you don't have patience, then I wouldn't recommend that you play it. It's a casual game and you just need to have it going on in the background. Your computer will let you know what you have a message or remind you that Taylor needs you.Taylor is like a friend of yours who messages you every so often, sometimes a lot and sometimes a little. He asks you for advice, he tells you what's going on in pretty great detail. I loved having him on my phone. I'd love getting random messages from him! (Alex Esposito is my favourite Lifeline companion, though! But Taylor's the Lifeline mascot.) After I finish each game, I miss them! I was excited that this game showed up here on Steam because A) I'm a sucker for achievements and B) It means it can reach more gamers, not just as an app on your phone. I will be super excited when Crisis Line shows up on here!Give it a go if you want a real-time experience of having a friend stuck in space and you're his only companion. I think that's a pretty rad idea.You can honestly play another game at the same time. Taylor will let you know when he needs your input.<3 BIG FISH"
,Recommended,585290,30606715,Posted: 18 March,all,^4JB^7L^1ZR,"There is risk and reward, fear and courage, forward and backwards, which paths will you guide Taylor on through his journey of discovery and survival?Lifeline delivers a compelling story as you choose your own adventure with your new found friend, Taylor struggles to keep his strength and sanity as he confides in you after his ship crash lands on a mysterious moon far off the grid of known space travel.Written with excellence and charisma."
,Not Recommended,585290,30600451,Posted: 18 March,all,RosyRequiem,"I really wanted to play this game but it stopped working after 2 bits of dialogue. I don't know why this is because I can play other games fine but I can't play this. It starts up alright but once I try to play, it just goes black. Hopefully, I can play this in the future."
,Recommended,585290,33047516,Posted: 30 June,all,kevinmhamilton,Good writing and surprisingly tense.
76561198024165327,Not Recommended,585290,34809333,Posted: 8 September,all,kentalucas,"The idea might be great but, the WAITING between interaction is pointless.It makes the game unplayable. I know I only paid 4 bucks for this but honestly thats 4 hard earned bucks down the drain. Does anyone know if i can get a refund?"
76561198375085562,Recommended,585290,30726879,Posted: 25 March,all,triss,"although it's all just text, this is quite an entertaining game. nice story and atmosphere."
,Recommended,585290,31529416,Posted: 3 May,all,Gigabitesback,Great! Amazing game! I just have a wierd bug where when I exit the game steam says it's still running....
,Not Recommended,585290,32881961,Posted: 27 June,all,[51]tEcALLAI -Mari ❤,This game forces you to wait for a real long time (in real time) in order to advance...WTF!!!So only buy this game if you like waiting.
76561198026564874,Recommended,585290,30599796,Posted: 18 March,all,milknorf1469,"TL;DR  Lifeline is a well written choose your own adventure style game that is played in real time.I am changing my review from a negative to a positive after learning more about this game and giving it another try.  Having tried it again I found that I enjoyed Lifeline for what it is and hope to see more of these games on Steam, It looks like there are 5 other games in this series.My main problem with the game originally was that it would keep pausing in the story and just give you a message that ""Taylor is busy"", and some of these pauses would take hours before the story would continue.  I have since been told that this game was originally designed as a mobile game, and was meant to be played in ""real time"" as Taylor was messaging you.  I bought this game from the Google store and it turned out to be a game concept that works great on your phone.  I then retried it on Steam and found it to be enjoyable to play through once I knew what to expect.There is an option to put the game into Fast Mode once you die the first time. Fast mode allows you to play the game without any pauses in the story, so Taylor will respond to you imminently making the game play much quicker. There is also an option after you die or beat the game to go back to a previous chapter in the story and choose a different path.A couple of changes I would like to see an option to put the game into Fast Mode from the start of the game. The real time play is an interesting idea and works well on my phone, but it was a little tedious on PC.  I would also like to see a couple of more options to go back in the story, maybe a bookmark location so that you can jump right to a choice you made that ended badly for you quickly.One other think I would like to see is a way to exit the game properly. Right now Lifeline uses Steam Notifications to tell you when you get a message from Taylor so you know when the story is progressing, so when you exit the game, it keep running in the background. This isn't really a problem until you try to exit Steam and just keep getting a message to shut down Lifeline before you can close the game.  The only way I can close the game right now is in the Task Manager and force it to shutdown."
76561198334897733,Recommended,585290,34767182,Posted: 5 September,all,fart simpson,amazing
76561198028271853,Recommended,585290,34417979,Posted: 22 August,all,Niemand,"This is a game unlike any I have played before. You have to guide Taylor through a sci-fi adventure in almost real time. S/he communicates with you and asks for your help in the form of two options, of which you have to choose one. The goal is to keep Taylor alive. I have to admit, sometimes the wait is really long but it’s part of the experience and after you either let Taylor die the first time or complete the game, you unlock fast mode. With fast mode enabled, there is no wait between decisions and you can replay the game at your leisure – and hunt for different endings.Unfortunately, the achievement “Slow It Down - Complete the game without fast mode” seems to be bugged…"
76561198040919135,Not Recommended,585290,34319586,Posted: 17 August,all,Cylexus,"It actually has an interesting story, and I enjoyed guiding the lost spaceman as his voice with an internet connection. However, the main gameplay gimic, in that everything is in real time - if Taylor says ""Im going to walk to this hill, it will take me an hour."" Then you have to wait an actual whole hour to pass. It just got boring really quickly.It was a novel idea but there should have been a speed up button for people who get bored sitting at a screen waiting for a person to walk for an hour."
76561198274409228,Recommended,585290,34335536,Posted: 18 August,all,averege gamer,wheres all the other games??? release them please. not like it costs money to port them from mobile to pc. plus i dont want to use a credit card when i can buy with steam wallet
,Not Recommended,585290,35257080,Posted: 28 September,all,Mr. Nosey,"Shortened review: An astonishing smartphone game, that's not meant for PC. Also, on Steam it's price is slightly higher.(It's a great game, just buy it on your phone instead. You'll save money and gameplay is smoother.)"
