user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,585410,30441302,Posted: 10 March,all,Nichii,"THE BIGGEST AND THE BEST IMPROVEMENT TO GAMEMAKER THUS FAR!I have been using Game Maker since 7.0 since I was 13 years old, bought GameMaker: Studio, and this latest GameMaker Studio 2 brought a lot more improvements to the predecessor.I have used GameMaker: Studio 1 for about 1000++ hours on Steam thus far.I'll start by addressing many concerns of this new software.Concerns about GameMaker Studio 2No, it's not just an update to GameMaker: Studio, this is a TOTALLY NEW software, due the fact that they moved into using DirectX11 (instead of DirectX9 in GMS), many changes made to how resources are being treated (one of the major changes being backgrounds and tiles are now imported into sprites and layer system that allows you to put any assets on it and assigned depth to it), no more depreciated functions etc etc. So no, this is NOT AN UPDATE.The price is very reasonable considering you only pay once and use it forever. Think of the long term, compare it to other game engines of similar caliber and think about the capability of GameMaker Studio 2 (I'll say, it's the MOST powerful and capable 2D game engine out there).Many people misinterpreted the 3rd-party DRM. NO, YOU DON'T NEED TO BUY IT AGAIN ONCE YOU'VE EXHAUSTED ALL 3 ACTIVATIONS. Go tohttps://account.yoyogames.com/profile/licencesto manage your licenses. You can use ALL 3 KEY INFINITELY AS LONG AS YOU ARE ONLY USING IT FOR 3 MACHINES AT THE SAME TIME, SO GET IT RIGHT.With that, I will start talking about the good/bad things about this new GameMaker Studio 2.Why you should buy GameMaker Studio 2Massively improved interface (I am mixed about GMS1 interface, but this was a mile better, but could use some more improvement)Workspaces allow you to customize the layout the way you want it, and you can even separate a window out so that you can use it on multiple different monitors!Extremely powerful sprite editor, it's not just an MS Paint anymore! I would even debate using this one over Photoshop, depending on usage.Great performance improvement (based on user benchmark, the compiled game would gain about 20% performance over the GMS)Using DirectX11, which is what it should be, instead of the old DirectX9Usage of layers to organize your backgrounds, instances, tilesets, paths or even any assets (you can simply drag in your sprites here), which is far superior than simply using depth as it is extremely hard to organize where everything goes. Depth system are still in, the layer simply uses the depth system to organize your resources.Tilesets are now really powerful and easy to use. You can even make animated tiles!Drag and drop is now a mile better and you can do more with it now. I bet you can make a full game with just drag and drop and minimal codings required.Camera system that allows you to have an infinite amount of cameras (of which only 8 can be active at any time due to limited amount of view ports)Better code sense for GameMaker Language, it is even capable of detecting any variables now, something that I sorely missed in GMS1. Not only that, it allows me to clearly see whether what I am typing is a variable, a function etc.Macros are now so much more useful, you can declare it anywhere in the code, and it will be available for use anywhere. In the past, using macros are always a headache due to the poorly designed separate editor and how cluttered it will get the more macros you have (especially when you are working with networking)JSDoc Script Comments is a far better improvement to the existing commenting system in GMS1, allowing you write the description AND the parameters using the simplified JSDoc style commenting for GML. Though I wished they added more, such as ""@return""Strong user manual (I still didn't liked Unity's documentation compared to Game Maker's)Easy transition from GMS1's GML to GMS2's GML, albeit with a few additions and changes (such as ""instance_create_layer"" or ""instance_create_depth"" instead of the old ""instance_create"")You can import your GMS1 project into GMS2 with minimal issues, except that it will generate some compatibility scripts for certain things such as instance layers and instance instantiation functionWith the new addition of #region and #endregion, organizing your code within a single script is much more easierThe latest update has added marketplace to the Steam version, and I would say, its a mile better than the GMS1 version, but it could use some improvement to the slow loading.Great for collaboration as the version controlling works really well (I used BitBucket)GLSL ES shader scripts can be used in order to make your game look better and the way you wanted it to.Tons of tutorials online (can be found on Youtube) and official forum with a community that can help with your issues (make sure to Google it first, as most of the time, your issues may have been solved by others)Why you should NOT buy GameMaker Studio 2It is still slightly buggy and suffers from some freezes once in a while. Hopefully this will be ironed out in the future. Luckily, the team behind GMS2 has been working very hard on bug fixing, as most of my technical issues with GMS1 has been ironed out since the launch.If you came into GMS2 expecting the same workflow as GMS1, then you'll be disappointed. You may have to go through the tutorial once before you'll finally understand the new workflow, so if you hate learning it again, then it's your loss.No Steam Workshop functionality (not for your game, its Steam Workshop FOR GameMaker Studio 2, just like what we had in GMS1)No unlimited free version (GMS1 have it though, go and check it out)Very expensive export modules, especially to mobile. At least they are combining the mobile version for iOS and Android.Some of the previous useful D3D functions like d3d_model_block or d3d_model_wall has no equivalent functions in GMS1, forcing you to draw it using the primitive functions. Although, you can work around it by importing a GMS1 project containing all the D3D functions that you wanted, and use the compatibility scripts generated by it, which would save all of your efforts.Considering the point above, the 3D features in GMS2 is very lackluster. That is to say, you shouldn't expect to make 3D in GMS2 (There are way better engines such as Unity and Unreal Engine out there to handle this), but this isn't to say that GMS2 cannot perform 3D at all. You can do 3D, but you have to do everything by yourself.SummaryWith that, I would say, if you are planning to develop a 2D game, it doesn't matter if you are an expert or novice into games development, this is THE BEST 2D COMMERCIAL GAME ENGINE ON THE MARKET. Hands down."
,Recommended,585410,32535686,Posted: 18 June,all,ncortiz,"I have a pretty decent computer and for me, it doesn't bug at all. The interface looks really neat and really easy to use without watching any tutorials. Really nice! I recommend it for previous game maker owners and other people alike. If you already own one of the previous versions of GameMaker you can actually get a discount from their page, it's only a discount but it's really worth it. 9/10"
,Recommended,585410,30420163,Posted: 9 March,all,Black Smite,"First time I used GM was GM:8.When GM:S came out, It was a huge step up in terms of the interface.When this was announced, I was sceptical. But, after watching the intro videos, I was completely sold.New Tile SystemThe new tiling system for GMS2 is what it should have been in GMS. You can have Auto Auto-Tiling(What do I call it?), animated tiles and make ""Brushes"" with sets of tiles to use them later. HUGE advantage.What happened to Backgrounds?Backgrounds have been removed and replaced with sprites, in my opinion, this helps in decluttering the resource tree.The new Code EditorBeing a user of Visual Studio and Eclipse and such, one of the questions I had about it was the code sense, in particular, recognizing variables in the code sense. It DOES that. I'm impressed.The Sprite EditorWhat do I say about this? It is amazing, I'm not an artist myself, but making effects like fire and shimmer has been SIGNIFICANTLY simplified by the""Draw while Animating""Feature.Porting projectsI've not tried this or read about it, but here's a link, you can have it:PortingPerformanceI can't say much about it, but here's a link that explains it really well. I recommend you look at this:Performance TestsSummaryI recommend this to anyone who has used gamemaker before, or wants to get into Game Development easily.The new UI allows for a streamlined workflow without cluttering everything.It has its quirks, but I believe that they will be fixed with time.Edit 1:I imported a project from 1.4.x recently and it is a simple process with only 2 clicks involved.1. Select the old project2. Where do you want to save the new project?AND YOU'RE DONE!GMS2 automatically generates ""Compatibility scripts"" for old functions that have changed or become obsolete(in my case, tile_add).And, it ran..."
76561198296083641,Not Recommended,585410,34175570,Posted: 11 August,all,redforest,"I have used GM/GMS for long years, created several apps and used several engines with different languages and I think GM/GMS has been the best engine among all platforms because of several reasons: 1. Easy to learn. 2. Simple to manage. 3. Entertaining to create.However, GMS2 is far from these…First the positive aspects:-Layers provide a good solution for some cases.-More DnD functions including some tapping facilities.-A sole-code mode.-Some nice small features such as project time measuring and removal of useless buttons at the top.-Developments in code editor with colorful clues.-UI seems really beautiful while GMS1 looks quite old fashioned. Most beautiful design to be honest!But these are just make up issues and the negative aspects are extremely much:1. Messy UI. This is against all our habits of using Windows interface. Yes, it seems as a nice idea, but in practice it is a real pain, especially if you don’t have a huge screen it is quite claustrophobic:-Windows stay under windows. Why I have to navigate? Why I have to use the mouse middle button to focus?-Lines everywhere...quite useless and seems like an imitation of Unreal Blueprint...-What is the function of zooming in/out of buttons? Why they are not in proper resolution?-What is the reason for adding everything on a single workspace including all different elements?-Tons of elements making everywhere crowded. Waste of screen. Even the Grid Alpha value...-It is clear for me that GMS1.X was designed by a very open minded, simple thinking, analytical, tidy person while GMS2 seems someone who wants to create something like Unity.2. Clearly longer load time.3. Do we have to connect to internet regularly. Why? Even Microsoft does not request it for something we already paid!4. Clearly longer test time.5. Clearly longer compile time.6. Maybe they have good functions but editors are mostly useless for me. They make GM bigger, complex, slower and open for bugs... Definitely I would prefer a compact, editor-free version. I already use editing tools. This should be optional…7. Strict combination of exporters. I just build for Android, why I have to pay for Mac exporter? What is the relation between Windows and Linux export?8. Removal of a free full version which can be very good for educational and promotional purposes! The limitations should only stay in exporting. I should test what I produce before I buy! Many Dollars for educational copy? Come on, I want to promote GMS for education but which school will pay it while there exist free alternatives?9. Price policy. While many other tools are getting cheaper and even free GM is getting expensive. If you are good at game making you can cover it but for a starter no... And we all know it is the best tool for starters… But, at least it is not yet membership based model!10. More crashes, more compile errors... GMS is used to be a very stable engine. Crash is the last thing we need.11. Probably due to this UI Engine consumes more CPU and slows down computer. Even 3D engines are not challenging my processor compared to GMS2.12. Clearly slower help look up facility.13. Irrelevant changes of components, changes in format...At final, I really wonder the root of these changes. Have a research to ask opinions of users been conducted? Or are these ""we just did in that way"" approach. Now GMS2 consumes more energy of my computer and more energy of me. Why? It seems that new policy is about making GMS an experimental all men’s tool for making 2D games. It is OK... Lets try to be open... Maybe all things are acceptable but if the UI will not be remastered it will definitely bring the end of this product."
76561198005364045,Recommended,585410,32663085,Posted: 22 June,all,jandir33,"It's awesome!  -- I love this software.I made a simple game in less than a week (just by watching some tutorials online).Their are tons of resources out there (youtube has massive amounts of info).it's easy to work with and has some really, really nice built in features.I can see using it for more complicated projects as well.it simplifies game development and makes it fun and easy to do.However, you still have to know some programming, and learn about game programming and structure to succeed.  There is a lot that goes in to a game, but GMS 2 makes it easy to implement.It's thrilling to work on developing something and watching it come to life before your eyes.  It's like a favorite tool for creating interactive artwork.One thing I have encountered that is a big negative, is how they manage the account and / or updating.  I would get logged out, and the game I was working on wouldn't run.  I get the error message ini not found a lot, sometimes it will run anyways, but mostly it won't.  it took me forever, just to realize that I wasn't logged in and whenever there is an update, the same thing happens until the gms 2 is updated.That being said, I can't stress enough, how much I love this program."
,Recommended,585410,30848442,Posted: 31 March,all,★ ABI7ITY | GamersHype,The splash screen for created games work again :DImports 1.4 projects with no issues at all.Runs smoother than 1.440% Discount.10/10 already!!
,Recommended,585410,30494519,Posted: 13 March,all,0Bennyman,"So currently I have Less than an Hour on this paid version(40Hour Update below) but rest assured I have been using GM2 for probably 100 hours since the initial beta. I also have thousands of hours on GM:S though just not on Steam.TLDR;Gamemaker Studio 2 is an amazing upgrade from GMS1, it does everything so well I am so happy to have finally purchased it.[Importing Large GM:S Projects]So I wanted to start off by addressing one major thing that I'm sure some people will want to know and is something I didn't see in any reviews and that is how well Gamemaker Studio 2 handles importing large projects and I have to say I am extremely impressed, my game I have been working on and off for about 2 years now (Mainly more done in the past year) has a tonne of objects, sprites and lines of code so I was expecting to import it and have hundreds of errors and broken bits of code, so I'm shocked that the game runs without a single error, there are a few issues I've noticed like the optimisation I had needs to be fixed and some sprites continuously play but that is easily fixed and won't take a fraction of the hours I thought I might have to spend fixing everything.10/10 For that![Interface]Wow, is the interface so much better, I hated GM:S and having the things open in actual windows as I often found that after some time of use and quite a lot of compiling led to them bugging out and being a massive pain. Gamemaker 2 Allows you to have everything in 1 or more workspaces where you can zoom in and out of different objects without having to close and re-open them which is amazing. Also GM2 is just so much better to look at in general.[GML]I like the new changes to some of the code to the GML, such as creating objects you now set the depth when you create it so you don't have to worry about sorting that out on the object and instead just create it how you want it.[Room Editor,Tiles]My God do I love the new room editor, apart from it just looking better it has a handful of new features that make it so good such as having the depths of everything on the sidebar so you can just easily drag and drop what you want ontop of things etc. Also TILES are amazing now, one thing that was a pain in a large room I found (And still seems to be apparent in GM2) is that is very slow and so tiling a map can be so annoying but thanks to the amazing Brush tool for tiles you can create things outside of the room editor and then just paste them in which is incredible.[Conclusion]GM2 is a phenomenal step up from GM1 and well worth the price (I owned GM1 so I got the 40% discount) and is a must have for anyone new to game development or very experienced. 10/10[Update 18/03/17]I've been using GM2 for 40 hours now so I feel like I should say if my opinion has changed, and yes it has, it has become better, the most noteable thing I can say is the compile times ARE SO FAST. On GM1 every few compiles I could compile in 20 or so seconds with my large project however every few attempts it'd usually freeze up and make me wait a couple minutes, this NEVER happens in GM2, it compiles in seconds without fail which is incredible.My only complaint is that due to my project having so many objects in the room editor if I change the depth (move an object up or down the list or even add something onto it however this bit doesn't apply to that) I risk crashing GM2 and my computer as it uses 11GB's of RAM and can take 10-20 minutes to actually sort itself out which is a problem however aslong as I only move one object at a time usually it sorts itself out however 1 time crashed GM2 after about 30 minutes.That's literally the only problem I have, GM2 has made making my game a thousand times easier. <3"
76561197984342071,Not Recommended,585410,31884918,Posted: 21 May,all,SgtBullwinkle,"It's buggy.  It crashes alot. And now it won't compile and run on my computer.  It's the last straw for me with this software.  As with the older version, I shudder with each new release and wonder what just broke.Although the new IDE is leaps and bounds above the old one, it's still too akward to manage scripts.  The view system makes it easier but lacks the simply features like sorting scripts etc.  The workspace concept is a good one, but poorly implemented.Can't recommend in it's current state.  Given up hope of it reaching any workable state.  Thinking about switching to Unity or anything that works reliably."
,Not Recommended,585410,32020182,Posted: 28 May,all,½,"I have just around 400 hours in gamemaker 1, I really thought that gamemaker studio 2 would be an answer to some of the problems in the original. Even though the image editor has improved, I prefer the old one.I dislike the fact that I have less room to actually see the image I’m working on.I dislike being able to easily maximize windows.I dislike that the image ‘effects’ tab only has ‘greyscale.’I dislike many of the paint tools having different shortcut keys.What is the point of calling it GameMaker studio 2 if the workflow does not resemble the original. I stuck with yoyo because I did not want to learn a new platform… turns out I will have to. This might be a good time to switch."
,Recommended,585410,33971702,Posted: 2 August,all,Pomf ==3,"used it for 12 years, too lazy to learn another language. Best language (like 10x faster to write) for 2d games, doesn't do 3d."
76561197985027084,Recommended,585410,34378392,Posted: 20 August,all,Meks,"This is a very powerful piece of software -IF- you are creative enough to utilize its tools.  Purchasing this is not suddenly going to make you a creative genious that cranks out moneymaking masterpieces left and right.Pros:- GML is a very solid language that can definitely be used for more than crappy little mobile games or Steam Greenlight early access trash.  If you are looking to learn how to code, GML is a great place to start learning the fundamentals.  Much of the knowledge will carry over to more complex languages in one way or another.- There are hundreds of quality youtube tutorials available.  Most of the old Game Maker 8 and Game Maker Studio 1.4x vids are perfectly servicable for use with GMS2.- You can make full blown applications as well as games.- The built in sprite editor is excellent and can be used as is to create art resources and animations with no need for third party software.  The integration is seamless and very smooth.- Game Maker Studio does 2D very well.- The UI is slick looking and tries to pass itself off as a proper node based editor.Cons:- The UI is not a proper node based editor.- The UI lacks much in the way of customization options.  You cant really make it your ""own"".  You just have to put up with its idiosyncracies.  At least for now.  Hopefully the developer will address this in time.- While the software is not nearly as unstable as some people are hyperbolically trying to claim.  It is unstable enough to warrant very agressive backup policy while coding.  Frequent saves are a must.  Make sure you use an incremental save system.- Game Maker Studio does not do 3D very well.  If you want 3D, use Unity or UE4."
76561198083494769,Not Recommended,585410,33745784,Posted: 23 July,all,Savorok,"TLDR; in its current state i dont think you should get it.this is coming from the perspecite of using gml code ONLY.i am a big fan of gamemaker and i love using their ide's to make games it is simple and easy to pickup and learn. But i have had alot of problems with this new iteration to the gamemker engine. i get constant crahshes, problems with starting the program, random freezes and the most anoying in my opinion is sometimes when you create a script or object it refuses to launch your game (wether or not anything in the game refers to said script or the object is even in the game) and exits with a non zero status. most of the time its an easy fix like there is an error in your code or a simple mistake but in my experience most of the time the auto correcter doesnt pick it up so as far as you will see while going through your code is that everything is fine.. this can be very anoying as there are many times ive had to completly start scripts again becuase i cant find the problem and while that script is even in the engine not being used it doesnt let me play my game. these are the biggest problems for me with the engine.. it lacks a level of polish the old engines had.. hopfully these isues will be fixed with time but i recommend not paying the money for what is esentialy a buggy program that can get very frustraiting to use.now im not saying the engine isnt good, the functionality and ease of use over the old one is amazing and i do prefer to use this new engine over the old one if it wasnt for these problems im having i would definatly recommend it."
,Recommended,585410,30431656,Posted: 10 March,all,ryotaro,"As someone who has used Game Maker since when it was in version 7, way back about 10 years ago, this is a gigantic step up.GMS1 looked and functioned to me just as GM7 and GM8 did way back in the day, and that was the reason I got back into using GMS as a whole. There were gripes I had with it, I had primarially used the scripting language and some of the ways of ghettorigging code was a bit weird at times, and the documentation wasn't really the best, but that all changes with GMS2.A fully featured documentation on their site, a really well designed interface, the ability to have multiple windows of interfaces, allowing for you to put another thing of code on another monitor and have even more room of doing stuff, great for people with multiple monitors, I can imagine using this for quite awhile.I have about 400 hours in GMS1 and I have a feeling that I'm going to be using GMS2 for quite a bit longer than that. I've published games onto google play with GMS1 and now that I've used GMS2, I have a feeling this is going to be the next big step forward. Props to YoYo to finally making an interface upgrade that GM so desperately needed, and another round of props to them for making the interface much easier and more responsive to use.Other added features and changes include a completely new sprite editor interface, seperating the GML side of programming and the drag and drop into completely seperate project types, only allowing one or the other, and overhauling the engine and interface as far as I can tell. Also a complete room interface overhaul, better font handling, and other great stuff.I have not used the Drag and Drop interface as of yet, I only used GML in gms1 in the first place so I can't really say how good the DnD interface of GMS2 is, but from the screenshots it seems like they have completely redone it.All in all, This is a fantastic upgrade to the Game Maker line of products overall, and I'm really happy that I have purchased it. I would recommend if you liked GMS1 or have used Game Maker in the past."
,Recommended,585410,30798994,Posted: 28 March,all,e-bully 🍨,"I managed to make my own game in less than a week just by watching tutorials and applying the little knowledge I've learned from reading/watching tutorials. Granted it's not polished but the core mechanics of the game are working. From literally not knowing anything about this product to finally making my own game using the Drag and Drop method, game maker managed to help achieve this. I've never used any game maker products before but I have very limited experience on coding back in college so I guess this helped me learn faster but my point is this, if you have the passion to make a game (by that I mean scratching your head for hours trying to get your game to work and not giving up) and want a powerful (most likely more powerful than rpgmaker or visual novel making softwares) game making software with very little to no coding experience then get this. It's worth it. Just prepare to invest a lot of hours learning and getting used to the software."
,Recommended,585410,34865910,Posted: 10 September,all,E.L.S.,"Much better than GameMaker 1.4i can work faster now...btw, the new IDE is awesome too.since i code more than 1000 lines, dat code folding is very useful."
,Recommended,585410,31346439,Posted: 24 April,all,RainDance,"GamerMaker Studio 2 Desktop is a great software. I got used to everything in about 5 hours of using this program.Pros-Great designLot's of new featuresBeginner friendlyEz Coding XD lel omgand much more that I don't feel like explaining :PCons-Not a lot of tutorialsExpensiveThe one thing that I suggest is to have more tutorials on GameMaker 2. There are tons of tutorials on the older versions, which makes it hard for, a beginner like me, to find everything I need. Lots of the things have changed and when looking at older verisions makes it hard to translate into the newer verions.Overall a good product!"
,Recommended,585410,32244055,Posted: 7 June,all,Maratae,"If it weren't for GameMaker Studio, I don't think I'd be making games. Great piece of software. Great Community."
,Recommended,585410,30472474,Posted: 12 March,all,Ash,"I have been using GameMaker studio since before it was rebranded by the current company, back when it was fairly new.With thousands of hours spent on GM:S1 I can say this version is a real beauty.The UI no longer works against you.If you own GM:S1 take advantage of the discount!Even at full price this software is worth the value, its very affordable long term."
76561198142097480,Not Recommended,585410,34192560,Posted: 12 August,all,Peitolino,"I have more than 2000hours on the original GM:S have several games released on it, and got s small income from it,Every 6 months when I start a new project I will check GM2 and update my review if needed.TL;DR – The GMS2 is the best looking Gamemaker engine out there, actually that’s the only upgrade from GMS1.4, no other upgrade is worth a new purchase.But don’t be fooled, its looks better but the new looks make it way less productive, they took away a  lot of productivity  tools so it cool look better.Review:Q: is the new GMS2 for me?A: complete the phrase:When you double click something you want that object to_______a.	I want that object to openb.	I want to rename that objectIf you answer (a) this engine if not for you,  the new UI make a chore working on it, and gets harder as the project grows.Pros:-it looks sooooo cool, anyone that seen you working on it will say “that guy is a pro, looks at the program he’s using”- The compile is a lot  faster; I’d say 20% at best.(yeah 20% seem small, but when you have 5m+ compile that 20% will be a blessing)- Everything is made to LOOK professional and top of the line (pay attention to the word LOOK)- when they moved from GM8 to GMS1 it was crap too, so maybe…Cons:- ALWAYS online,-The GMS 1.4 did everything else better.-They took away several function, some that almost everyone uses like backgrounds, and some that helped a lot like macros, (Macros are back!)The UI workspace is terrible:-	You cannot open 2 object side by side, by default the  open below one another and at 100% zoom you can only see one object,-	The zoom doesn’t work, you can for example use zoom 50% but the you won’t be able to actually  read what is on the screen(I heard that using a 4k 40’ monitor fixes that, or multiple monitors, but on a single 1080p it’s unusable)-	 it wants to compete with RPGmaker to make 2D RPG, but it still can’t remove a black background on a jpg image successfully(this function exist but doesn’t works fine)-	You will use a lot of time trying to manage the opened object scrolling up and down,. A time that was better using making games-	Objects are locked by some lines, that prevent then to overlap, using more screen space with useless information-	You cannot organize you code with multiple create events for example, or multiple whatsoever, now you can have only one of every kind on each object, so now I use most of my time looking for a text line on a 5000lines code, (on the GMS14 you could create multiple and organize then)-	To look cool, they hidden some functions (they still there and working, but hidden), what is the depth of this object?  I Don’t know,(if you imported from GMS1,4, now you need to use code to set depth)-	They add an innovation that let you open several events side by side(YAY) but sadly it only works on the same object, and if you open more than 2 it will show less than half a line, so useless(and it is the only good thing on the new UI, and still a CON)-	You want to open a Script and an event and look at both at the same time? Well I have bad news for you…-	I dare you to easily open two different windows side by side, I double dare you"
76561198066686271,Recommended,585410,30644553,Posted: 20 March,all,chrisbird127,"It took some getting used to but I'm used to it.  It's missing some features like; Depth in object editor, replace in sprite editor (The one thats under the colors that say BLEND and REPLACE).I won't give this a bad review since how it works is how you use it. But I wish they would atleast add the REPLACE and BLEND options back into the Sprite Editor."
76561198131106289,Recommended,585410,30430394,Posted: 10 March,all,Hero of Time,"Great engine for beginners and experts alike.A lot better in functionality than the previous GameMaker: Studio 1.x, though not everyone likes it (perhaps personal taste).If you're new to the Game Dev world and want to learn making some games, I highly recommend this. If you'd like to give it a try first, there's a free trial available on the YoYo Games website.If you're a 1.x user and under a budget, well, then it's up to you if you want to upgrade or not. It's not really that important, unless you like some features and would want to upgrade.Works perfectly."
76561198333672158,Recommended,585410,31228569,Posted: 18 April,all,Infectzione,"For some odd reason I can't grasp GML, yet I can fully understand and write C#. Because of this I have stuck with Unity. I might come back to it to draft up some ideas, I did use Game Maker 8 a lot back in the day, thus the U.I is very familiar to me. Despite the changes they have made with this version, It still feels familiar as ever. I recommend."
76561198059655115,Recommended,585410,30451987,Posted: 11 March,all,Ray,"I've been using the Game Maker series since Game Maker 7 and I can already say that this is the best version so far.There are some great new additions but the new sprite and room editors are deifinitely the best. It used to be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to change between GM and some image editing program to even animate the sprites properly, but now that has been taken care of. The new room editor doesn't start to lag no matter how many tiles you add, which is like a dream come true.My only complaint (Which might just be me or something that will be taken care of, it's a fresh release after all!) is that jumping between the workplaces, closing and opening windows and folders all works a bit sluggishly and not as smoothly as I had hoped, even though I also meet the recommended system requirements.As I said, it might just be me. I might have done something wrong or my computer is indeed a potato.All in all, Game Maker Studio 2 is a great improvement from the previous versions and worth a check!"
,Recommended,585410,30466308,Posted: 12 March,all,The Neurotic Bassist,Easy to use - Fun to use - Definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,585410,32400352,Posted: 13 June,all,OGBaconPantz,"It may be a bit hard to understand at first, but I got the hang of it, so you can too.  Also keep in mind that earlier versions of this software were used to make Undertale, a very popular and successful game, so this software delivers in the quality department."
76561198115902733,Recommended,585410,34992031,Posted: 16 September,all,Legend,Can make anything as long as its 2d
76561198079675531,Recommended,585410,34747493,Posted: 4 September,all,Melon,"To start off for trust reasons. I'm a C++, C#, Java, Python, and funny one MindF*** Language and Most recently a GML programmer. Out of all the languages that I know GML is by far(esspecially compaired to MindF***) is the easiest. I used GM 1 but didnt find it appealing at the time so I didnt even use it only the demo. Luckily this one is much sleeker and easy to use. And is second only to C++ in my opinion. Great engine great language and definitly worth it"
76561198082384072,Not Recommended,585410,34384547,Posted: 20 August,all,kevinmcclements,"Will not run my games, hence I cannot test them. I've emailed for advice and the reply was very poor. They told me to download the latest runtimes, I did this and nothing changed. I emailed again to state this did not help and this time no reply from Yoyo games.Looked into this issue on youtube and other sites and found many people are having the same problem. Steam wold not gve refund as I left if over two weeks to ask for refund (durnng this two week period I was trying to fix the issue) but hey, it's a learning curb I guess.Cannot recommend this software, a waste of money."
76561198070617028,Not Recommended,585410,31152948,Posted: 15 April,all,TheHeroOfNoOne,"I love GMS1, but GMS2 was a little bit disappointing.Sorry my bad english. Hope you get the point:Positive:+ Sprite editor is better+ Project saves quicker+ Game launches faster+ New camera functions+ Easier to open scripts and sprite editor by mouse-middle button <3Negative:- More complicated to use and messy user interface- Workspaces become like jungles after few hours of coding, because I am too lazy to close all tabs- Can't have multiple event tabs- Crashing and freezing all the time (I have high-end gaming pc and Windows 10/64-bit)- PC system requirements are more demanding- All objects/sprites are flashing when changing the depth of any object.- After importing my old project from GMS1 to GMS2, some functions broke down- Just after GMS2 was published my GMS1 stopped working permanently (on my all computers), so that forced me to buy GMS 2 (error message: ""software is not supported"" or something like that)- GMS1 is available no longerPlease, fix these things."
,Recommended,585410,32398114,Posted: 13 June,all,✐ John Courtier,"My personal experience:Product is awesome for beginners like me.When I started using this program. I had small issues by my own inexperience, but every problem I could solve by GameMaker forums, tutorials, asset store etc.I am sure, I will continue making games.Thanks GM and GM community"
,Recommended,585410,32054429,Posted: 29 May,all,Cuck,"This is a great softwear for beginners to code and such, I used Gamemaker 8 pro back in middleschool alot and made a few games, now that there is drag and drop and the ability to convert that to code will help out alot with other people who have trouble remembering certain lines; I use it time to time if I forget or wonder what the script does. Gamemaker Studio 2 also has a powerful sprite editor for great 8-bit type art at ease. I would use photoshop alot for the other game makers but I would perfer to use the built in one for this one."
,Recommended,585410,30668152,Posted: 22 March,all,spammer,Nice engine to learn making games and actually creating games.
,Recommended,585410,32377161,Posted: 12 June,all,esKKIITTIT,"It's very nice, I like it compared to Unity. Seeming easier to create a 2D game and the tools are there for you."
,Not Recommended,585410,33121464,Posted: 2 July,all,undead1,"Not really recommended at this state, the IDE is generally laggy (compared to version 1.x), personally messy (workflows restricting IDE working areas), and keep hanging (need to close with Task Manager) despite having decent desktop (AMD FX-4100 3.6GHz, 16GB RAM, AMD Radeon RX480, all SSD drives).Platform outputs are fine, and I have seen some nice features and improvements - but the IDE got to be fixed, perhaps an option for not so eye-candy version to speed it up?"
76561198090995353,Not Recommended,585410,31673778,Posted: 10 May,all,NiNja10Doh,"it wont cimpile and run any of my games anymore. I restarted my computer, that didn't work. I uninstalled and reinstalled the program. That didn't work either. It just stopped running my games and I don't know what to do."
,Recommended,585410,34567938,Posted: 28 August,all,Shadownat3,great softwear allows my to make many games
,Not Recommended,585410,34674253,Posted: 1 September,all,StarCrusherNova,"The new UI looks cool but isn't intuative or organized. Double clicking an object or sprite allows you to edit it but only if you click on it outside of the text. You used to be able to use a combination of drag and drop and gml, now you cn only choose one of the two. GM2L is reduntant and stupid, In GML, you had functions organized in a way that would have what the code pretains to at the beginning and the action at the end ie ""instance_create"" this would allow for someone who didn't know the code or forgot the code to type ""instance"" and have auto complete options of different functions relating to instances. Now you have what the code pretains to at the end ie ""action_create_object"" so you already have to know the code and type a lot of it, also you aren't creating an object with that code, you're creating an INSTANCE with ""action_create_OBJECT"" . The redundancy also comes into play with this, when you're writing code you are inherently writing actions so there's no point putting ""action"" in functions. What's even worse is that yoyo games basically forced people that wanted to stay with their product to buy a downgraded version of the original with completely different code. This feels like a slap in the face.EDIT- The old code s there but it auto changed for no reason"
,Recommended,585410,30506711,Posted: 14 March,all,tr3m0r,UPD 16/03/2017:Afer few days YoYo Games Customer Support Technician Kevin helps me to resolve the problem  that I had. I have 360 Total Security installed and it terminate the GMS Runtimes Installation for some reason without any notification even without writing it in the log.Temporary disabling 360TS helps to run GMS nornally.Thanks and good luck to the dews!WillEat. Sleep. Make games. Repeat.now ;)------------------------------------------I have a specific problem on my PC and sadly I can say that YoYo tech support is really bad.4 days without any response:Steam discussion —no answer.YoYo Games Helpdesk —no answer.YoYo Games Forums —no answer.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=882830298Great software for beginners or indie dews had a bad support it is really needs.
,Recommended,585410,31407878,Posted: 27 April,all,Chowderchu,"There are actually a number of pretty cool and unexpected improvements in GMS 2. Unfortunately, though, there are a lot of bugs which are making this software less usable. The nature of the UI can be a bit strange, and it seems to encourage leaving open as many windows/resources as possible. The program is a memory hog and I actually had to force quit it a second ago. This is only my first day using the new GMS and I'm hoping that I learn to work around it's flaws. There are actually a number of little things that are UX decisions and I hope that they don't drive me crazy. For example, if I open a sprite and accidentally change something, then I don't have the option of closing the sprite and selecting 'No' when I'm prompted and asked if I want to save or not. It actually doesn't seem to prompt at all when closing resources that you have altered. I also don't understand what they have done with paths, but I think that I'll survive. Anyways, I'm hopeful that bug fixes and optimizations will come and I'm thankful for another generation of GameMaker."
76561197981693797,Recommended,585410,34782493,Posted: 6 September,all,Shrouded,"I'm not entirely sure why people are giving this a thumbs down. I personally think it's better than the previous incarnation of Game Maker. Sure, there's a few features missing but they aren't software breaking issues. To any of those who linked their Steam account to YoYo Games, the discounted price ended towards the end of August, it will be full price again until it goes on sale. We also need to remember that this just came out of beta. Just like any other game engine, there will be bugs early on in it's life I'm sure they'll be hammered out sometime down the line.Pros:- Brand new UI. Easier on the eyes.- Fairly robust workflow.- Brand new image editor with layers and the ability to animate while drawing.- Easier to understand GML with more powerful commands and features.- Runs a lot faster and is smoother than the last version.Cons:- Trial is limited to Web Deployment. (I bought the full product before the discount ended, light con for me.)- Trial users have no access to Shaders. (Again, buying the full product made this a light con for me.)- Gradient tools seemed to have been removed.- Some coding functions are a slight bit different.- Interface can get a little tedious overtime.All in all, with time, I'm sure people will learn to love GMS2."
,Recommended,585410,34361105,Posted: 19 August,all,̸̵̴̷̴̸̷̴̖̭̞̙͖̖͚̞̈́̉͊̃͂̈́̉͊,Simply... Excelent.
,Recommended,585410,32858375,Posted: 27 June,all,IvanSN,"The engine is great, i have no problem with it, i love the new autotile system. The layers feature and   the sprite editor are fine, but the interface is look terrible and messy."
,Not Recommended,585410,34305808,Posted: 17 August,all,Aglet,I keep having several unfixable bugs that I have to work around which gets really annoying.Would advise not to buy until improvements to the engine are made.
,Recommended,585410,33097867,Posted: 1 July,all,DrownedSailer,Much better than GMS1
,Recommended,585410,31060723,Posted: 10 April,all,Koro Sensei,It's my first time creating a game and I really recommend this Game Engine to those who aren't familliar in game development. There's a 'Drag-And-Drop' mode and 'Coding' mode...
,Recommended,585410,33735782,Posted: 22 July,all,Bee Keeper,"Very Good! I've never tried designing a game before, but I feel the Game Maker Series is a good place to start!I especially recommend this title because of the overwhelmingly supportive community! Most people won't get frustrated with a noobly question :)"
,Recommended,585410,33824609,Posted: 26 July,all,Tapewormz,I'm very impressed with the new IDE. It makes project flow much easier than previous versions. Of all the development tools I've used this is by far my favorite for 2D games.
,Recommended,585410,30596681,Posted: 18 March,all,Mclane,nicely modernised
76561198051295313,Recommended,585410,31888692,Posted: 21 May,all,Etredal,"I have used GMS for a long time and finally upgraded to GMS2.  Overall it has been a very positive experience.  There have been many great new features in the workflow and specific aspects, while also staying similar enough that someone can jump right back in.  It should also be easy enough for beginners to use as well!Pros:-Workflow can be very useful and efficient once learned-Nice default colors for gml code, (variables being purple, objects being red, etc.)-Easy to ""drag"" objects, sprites, and everything else to connect things to eachother (seriously... it's just fun to do)-Tilesets are a great step forward-Layers take some time getting used to but can be helpful-Converting from GameMaker Studios (1) is easy (And my game runs WAY better on GMS2 when i converted it)-Quick to access helpful tabs such as the Manual-Most code is the same as GMS allowing for ease of use-More sprite and sound functionality-DnD and GML are completely separate (This was very annoying in GMS)-Blog posts which show off new features or give walkthroughs on how to do cool things like shadows-Great documentation-Tons of tutorials (Most tutorials for GMS will be completely applicable for GMS2)-The Cleanup event-Gesture events (I haven't used them much, but from what I know they seem to be very useful)-Yoyogames is working hard to make sure that GMS2 is the best it can be, which means that most of the Cons I have here might even be fixed in due time!Cons:-Dark coloring theme can be hard to see-Small bugs and colors in certain menus don't always work right-Difficult to use on a very small screen with the way the workspace works (or if the middle mouse button does not work...)-The old depth system was very useful but is now more difficult to use"
,Not Recommended,585410,34253496,Posted: 15 August,all,SUPERFRONT CHANNEL,"WHEN I BUY IT CORRECTLY BUT IT IS TRIAL AND I CANNOT EXPORT .exe , MARKETPLACE IT BAD. I ALREADY LINK LICENCE IN GAMEMAKER WEB"
76561198130872726,Recommended,585410,33262208,Posted: 4 July,all,Obscene,Mate.Feed.Kill.Repeat.
76561198076785351,Not Recommended,585410,31920614,Posted: 23 May,all,1426222891,"I can't launch ( f5,run ) my game,i can't do anything at all......"
76561198113977304,Recommended,585410,33297465,Posted: 5 July,all,Quiet Kid,"want to learn how to make a game, but are scared or intimidated by coding? well this is absolutely not the software for you.""but there's a Drag n Drop system!""-the yoyogames tutorial is laughably incomplete.-any other tutorial is incomplete, or just covers the very basics.-the only real series is done by sparckman or whatever. but they're unwatchable unless you can stomach text to speech videos. he's either too lazy to properly dictate his videos, or he's one of those cringy dweebs who thinks that TTP will make his channel unique."
,Recommended,585410,31884029,Posted: 21 May,all,faithite,"I do recommend this product as I had been using gamemaker for a few years since my school days. It has great UI and features.However, I have yet to try studio 2 as I have no idea why am I paying for this which doesn't even run past the ""login"" screen.All I get is ""Gamemaker Studio 2 has stopped working"". I am using Windows 10 Acer Predator G6."
,Recommended,585410,33949429,Posted: 1 August,all,Mr. Dude,Lovely application
,Recommended,585410,33811350,Posted: 26 July,all,uloongsoft,THIS TOOL IS SO GOOD BUTWE NEED CHINESEChina has a big potential market  :)
,Not Recommended,585410,34876395,Posted: 10 September,all,WyldFox,"I bought this thinking 'I like to make games, and each game maker interation was not to bad from the last', and I started with Game Maker 4.  Well, when I opened it up, I was met with something of horror, but I am getting ahead of myself, so let me talk about some of the pros and cons of this thing.Pros:-Able to make animated sprites on the fly.-Tabs so if you want to hid some things out of the way, you can.-If you want to see how things connect, you can.-More professional UICons: (This may get big)-Unable to make constants, well from what I can see. (I do those alot)-Redundant functions (Talking about Viewpoints, views for those used to them, and cameras)-You can either choose code or drag and drop. I learned GML via using both at one time.-Always connected.-Removal of Backgrounds.-Having to scroll with the middle mouse button. (More of a pet peve of mine)-Nothing is well organized.-No creation buttons or menu items. All left click. (As far as I can tell)-Probably many more I do not remember or haven't discovered.Let me talk about some of these points. First off, the redundant items in here. Last I checked, a view (or viewport in this thing) is the same as a camera. This could have easily been done by adding more views to the program.Organization is well mucked. If I use this, it would take me a concidered longer time to make one object completely.  I like my stuff fast and easy so I can get to the main thing we do on these and that is to create games. This can go with creation buttons and code vs. Drag and Drop too. Sometimes it is easier and faster to just drop something in.You can just go down and look at those who have negitive reviews and see other things that I agree with. I am not going to completely say again what they did. I wasted my money on it, and wish I could get a refund. I didn't like everything they did with studio 1, but I understand why they did. This here, I cannot see any reason why they would set things up like this at all.If you want a gamemaker program, get gamemaker studio 1.4 instead. Stay away from this thing."
,Not Recommended,585410,32095112,Posted: 31 May,all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",Doesnt run on my computer anymore. It was working up till that point until now.
,Not Recommended,585410,35172137,Posted: 23 September,all,✪DennyS,Wouldnt Recomend After I Bought I wanted a refuned Not worth it
,Recommended,585410,30500206,Posted: 13 March,all,Mister Skeleton,"My Experience with Game Maker Studio:I launched the programI needed a YoYoGames accountMade oneentered account informationAuthentication Failedtried againAuthentication Failedtried againAuthentication Failedtried againAuthentication Failedtried againAuthentication Failedtried againAuthentication Failedtried againAuthentication Failedtried againAuthentication Failedgave upwent to websiteDownloaded installer from the websitetook 2 minutes to download, awfully big for an installer.ran installerTook about 3 minutestook me back to the program as if I had launched it from steamentered login informationAuthentication Faileduninstalledate my computermanaged to write this reviewThat's 2 hours and 100 dollars I'm never getting back.EDIT:at least that's what I thoughtwanted to play overwatchvomited up computeralong with a new mouse and keyboard made from fast food and takeoutclicked ""set new password"" on website instead of ""update profile""Entered passwordIt's workingggIT'S WORKINGGGGGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHHAHHAHHAHAHConfused by codingcriedate computer again.tl;dr: I'm an idiot and my computer tastes good. 10/10"
76561198113094231,Not Recommended,585410,32280916,Posted: 8 June,all,johnmc50,I like it but few issuestwo compile errorsobj_bullet colision event line 9there was no line 8check with tutoral sawn spawldingthere was no line 9I check mineno line 9same problem with obj_enemy colision event playergame_restartno one is helpinga big disapointment.
,Recommended,585410,31962892,Posted: 25 May,all,Hylum,"Had some initial issues getting the software to run on my PC but now that its working I am enjoying it. Great product, easy to use!"
76561198121375155,Recommended,585410,30407009,Posted: 9 March,all,BOB_nachiketaom,"SUGGESTION for Room Editor:Please add swap-tile feature in the room tilemap editor. When I select Tile 1 from in the room and Tile 2 from my tilemap, all occurances of Tile 1 should be replaced by Tile 2 in the room. Also, this should be possible for a selected area in the tilemap.Being a user of GMS 1.4, I find GMS 2.0 has some nice improvements above the former.I have worked on Unity, Game Maker, and studied a couple of other engines. I also have a good understanding of languages like Java, C# and C++ and OpenGL and use a Java framework for coding Android games at the company I work in. So, this review is the essence of my experience in all other versus Game Maker Studio (also 1.4 vs 2.0).Well, the thing that I liked the most in GMS2 is how they are handling Tiles. It is really what they should have implemented from the very beginning. I slowly stopped using Game Maker Studio 1.4 for making large tile-based maps because the way GMS 1.4 handled tiles was pathetic and I really question the reason for including such a crappy system.With GMS 2.0 it is different. Now they have started using a system that can be said as one of the most efficient ways of handling tiles (if they are only drawing the tiles between the camera coordinates, but that's what I suppose).Also, the room editor is a blast with many nice features.The included image editor now supports Drawing to multiple layers which is really nice.--- Requests to GMS 2.0 Team ---- However, I would request the addition of the IMAGE COLORIZATION, GRADIENT FILL and other animation related features (from GMS 1.4) back in GMS 2.0. They were truly useful.- Also add the airbrush that was there in 1.4.- Add a more efficient way of iterating through arrays. It is really slow.And above all:- Please ADD MULTITHREADING SUPPORT, even though accessible by some complex pathway and NOT recommended for naive coders. (I understand concurrency issues and all, but now there are advanced users of GMS and they will get a lot of help from multithreading)I have only used GMS 2.0 for 4 hrs, so have not touched all features yet.UPDATE 1The image editor is worse than I initially thought. I really feel they should make it at least as good as GMS 1.4's. When I used GMS 1.4, I felt like using a complete program and was confident that I don't have to switch to other drawing software for small thing. But I can NOT say the same thing for GMS 2.0. It feels like a very incomplete feature and I really wish they work on it, because a complete (even though complete) set of drawing tools would be very helpful for most hobbyist developers."
,Recommended,585410,33289573,Posted: 5 July,all,Sir_Epic,"found out why. ! does not work. overall pretty good for making games because of the extra features like changing the audio pitch, connecting to a server a getting data from it and an easy to learn language : gml"
