user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,585890,29810322,Posted: 9 February,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"A great kinetic (no choices, you only read) visual novel with horror elements. But there was a scene (a CG, actually) that made me guess the ending (more or less, but still)… It’s fine tho, I’m still pretty satisfied of reading this vn! The art style is different, and fits the story. The BGM is okay, short tracks but they also merge with the weird atmosphere of that world. I enjoyed the writing quite a lot, Robin gave me this feeling of being submissive to his desires, and despite doing what he did, I still liked him? I don’t know exactly how to put this, I guess. But I liked to read a male point of view where the man didn’t had the control of the situation. There’s some fan service (which I don’t mind), and the story’s idea definitely shines through all of it.8/10. I’d love if Shrimp Princess could write more stories like this one. <3"
76561198011106126,Recommended,585890,29753424,Posted: 6 February,all,Ecchi Baka Kon,"Welp just finished the story, and the writing is done beautifully. It makes you sympathise with the MC and acurately portrays what a typical male would feel in such a situation. Then massive plot twist out of no where that really made my jaw drop.10/10 would recommend to every one just for the plot twist alone.Enjoyed it thoroughlyThough a heads up, this isnt a dating sim. But rather a kinetic linear novel, as in there are pictures and a story to read, but you dont have any choices to alter the story path for multiple endings like a visual novel."
76561198203337561,Recommended,585890,29757149,Posted: 7 February,all,vroomvroom,"“I want to tell you something. Something really important.”Sweetest Monster is a kinetic novel (a visual novel without choices). Although it doesn't have choices, which some might be looking for in a game, it does have a very intricately designed/tightly-knit story that more than made up for the lack of interactivity, in my opinion. I can't bring myself to tell you anything about the story because it is very hard to put to words without spoiling anything, much like Ebi-Hime's other works, but I will say that it leans more toward the horror genre than romance (though it arguably pulls bits from both) and that the story itself is very bold. Beyond that, the best I can offer story-wise, is pointing you toward the author's description of the game.The artwork is beautiful, yet carries an air of creepiness to it. Meanwhile, the music is both vibrant and classical, a perfect compliment to the art (especially some of the objects that appear washed-out/antique by intended design). I also found the sound effects to be on point and fitting with the somewhat eerie theme. There isn't any voice acting, but I'm glad because I feel that it might have worked against the dark feel that the artwork and score provided, not to mention how it might have cut over the excellent soundtrack.There are also quite a few extras: Art Gallery, Music Box, and Author's Notes. As with the other Ebi-Hime titles I have played, I found the Author's Notes to be very informative, well written, and interesting. I really like what the author set out to do, and accomplished, with Sweetest Monster. The game does indeed have uncensored nudity (I've seen questions posted about this, but couldn't figure out where to place mention of it in my review, so I chose to post it in the most ironic spot I could think of). I'd say that the VN is a bit short as it took me around 4 hours to finish, but I am a somewhat quick reader.In closing, I found Sweetest Monster to be a more than worthwhile and thought provoking read. I would definitely recommend it at its normal price. If you are still unsure, then maybe wait for it to go on sale or pick it up as part of the Ebi-Hime Bundle when that goes on sale."
,Recommended,585890,32271943,Posted: 8 June,all,isuzusan,"After finishing Sweetest Monster about a half hour ago, I feel honestly very disturbed. Any sane person would after finishing that. I will say I was extremely intrigued in the story and the soundtrack went beautifully in setting the atmosphere, however that ending. My god, that ending. Part of me slightly guessed afterseeing the daughter for the first time, but I was honestly hoping it was a coincidence and that it wasn't true.Despite how horrid the ending made me feel, the story was extremely immersive and the writer did an excellent job in writing the story. If you're a fan of creepy but well written VNs, I would recommend this. However, if you're not a fan of ♥♥♥♥ed up scenarios, I would just avoid this completely."
,Recommended,585890,29929334,Posted: 14 February,all,DragYn,"Dude. I mean . . . . . DUDE.That was . . . something.  It was good? I guess?The story is short( 2-3 hours tops), but well written and the characters are all interesting - despite the fact that I honestly found every single one a bit unlikable.  But that's what made them interesting. It is a kinetic novel, as there are no choices.  But given the story, it sort of had to play out as it did.The art is . . . different. It suited the story quite well.  Not flashy or fancy. No large chested anime girls.  But that would have been sorely out of place.The music was passable. It got a tad repetitive by the time I was done, but that's okay.  No voice overs, and that was also fine.  This is a VN I feel wouldn't have necessarily benefitted from voice acting.Final thought, I suppose isEwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwith a side ofEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWGet it on sale and enjoy the weird ride.P.S. - I had no intentions of writing a reviewuntil the ending. *shudder*"
,Recommended,585890,29908459,Posted: 13 February,all,jfietkau,"No matter how rewarding it can be much of the time, a full family life comes with its own hardships, especially as the years wear on. Routine can smother the spark, if no effort is made to keep it alive. The protagonist of this story feels unloved and abandoned, his wife argues with him day in and day out, his daughter avoids him altogether. So when a pretty young girl appears, seemingly out of nowhere, and offers him a new perspective,will his familial loyalty manage to subdue his base desires?Sweetest Monsteris the newest kinetic novel born ofebi-hime's quill and published on Steam bySekai Project. Its 40 000 words of non-branching story translate to three hours of reading time, give or take one. It boasts widescreen visuals (although the assets are not quite 1080p) as well as a custom original soundtrack and all the quality-of-life features we are used to from modern VNs, like multiple save slots and a skip-read-text mode. It's available on all three major platforms, and as always, I'll note that the presence of a Linux version makes it that much more convenient for me personally.It's difficult to talk aboutSweetest Monster's technical and artistic choices without delving right intothe atmosphere. Every piece of artwork and music in this title is bespoke, and the resulting coherence and intensity of the mood is something that would be impossible to achieve with the stock sprites and elevator music often seen in the lower priced VN market segment. Everything is gloomy and eerie, not so far outside the norm that it would scare you away immediately, but just far enough to make you doubt your own judgment.Bellis a very interesting take on thefemme fatale, the art as well as the writing convey very clearly that there is more to her than meets the eye.Speaking in terms of genres, whatcanone expect fromSweetest Monster? I'd say that ""psychological horror"" is a good enough fit, even though it paints an incomplete picture. There are also slight allusions to cosmic horror, and if you like your stories to make you feel small and insignificant, this one may be a decent bet. There is character drama, of course, and a story centered around a young seductress may be particularly appealing to some. Though no matter your expectations going into it, and even if you pick up on more details than I did, the final act should still leave you thoroughly disturbed.Those who have read my other reviews may already be aware that I'm generally fond of genre subversions. Granted, ifSweetest Monsterwere nothing more than a boring rehash of moege catgirl clichés, I wouldn't be writing about it in the first place, but just as a general note: I like being surprised by the fiction I read, and this VN managed to keep me on my toes, even though it was nothing if not upfront about where its story would be headed. On the contrary, watching the main character slidefrom one careless mistake into the nextand seeing thepotential consequences pile up, it comes with all the morbid fascination ofwatching a train derail in slow motion.I'm going to dwell on Robin Hawkins a bit more, just because apart from his being rather timid and indecisive, he is pretty far outside the norm for male VN protagonists as well. He is around 40 years old, has a full-time job and a family. He's not a blank slate at all, we start the story learning about his life, his hopes and worries, and it's made very clear that he is a full-fledged character. This also opens him up to being potentially unlikable, depending on how well the reader's views align with his own. Reading some other reviews of this VN, I found that the whole gamut was covered from ""very relatable main character, highly immersive"" to ""implausibly dumb protagonist"" and everything in between. Even though Robin likes to prop himself up as a hapless victim, I fall into the faction that thinks the story might have unfolded very differently if someone had told him earlier and more often that his problems arelargely his own damn fault.Any discussion ofSweetest Monsterwould be decidedly incomplete without an intertextual perspective. By the author's own admission, popular moege likeNekoparawere a major influence on this title, but – again – if this were a mere attempt at going with the flow and pandering to market forces, I wouldn't be writing about it. Nor is it a shallow dismissal of the genre or of its audience – it's a tough balancing act, but this VN manages to deliver a rewarding story in its own right while also calmly holding up a mirror from time to time, but without becoming overtly preachy. (If there is an Aesop in here that goes deeper than ""don't trust strange catgirls"", it has evaded me.)Are there any negatives to this VN? Well, on a technical level, I'll say that the highly ambitious sound design was perhaps just slightly too ambitious for its own good. It makes very good use of rain, of heavy footsteps and other sound effects to build its atmosphere, but there were a few spots where the attention to detail took a momentary dip, such as when outside footsteps sound like they're happening in a closed room because of too much reverb. But as I often seem to say, if that's the heaviest criticism I can come up with, then that already speaks volumes about the work as a whole. Everything else is largely a matter of opinion: some people might find the story distasteful, others may have wished it to be longer. If you like your catgirls only when padded with cotton candy fluff, chances are you've already figured out that this isn't one of those cases. But if you're yearning for something disturbing that can be finished in an afternoon, then be sure to give it a shot."
,Recommended,585890,33020684,Posted: 29 June,all,AweMuse,"The developer and writerEbi-hime, in conjunction with the artist DarkSin(@_SinSystem_ [twitter])may leave you dumbfounded with how the melancholy narrative strings you along through an air of dissarray until it is simply. Too. Late.---It is a joy to say that I am overly impressed with the 'Sweetest Monster' VN. I was drawn in, and during this time, I was in love.Truly in love through and through, as much as I was perturbed by the end of it all.The author's comments in addition to the notes commenting on the inspiration for the characters and the like really serve the reader a little bit of a treat at the end to help unwind, just that little extra bit. (And mercy, thank you for it!)---By all means, it is to my recommendation that you pick this up if psycological thrillers are up your alley - whether it is, or is not on sale.Ebi-himehas my support."
,Recommended,585890,30535533,Posted: 15 March,all,Sensei-tional,"SPOILERSOkay, I just re-read my review, it's not very Spoiler-specific, but y'know.. Theme spoilers?I'm not recommending this because I like the story. As a matter of fact, words cannot accurately express my disgust and outrage at the conclusion of this story. The only, ONLY f*cking reason I recommend this is because it's compelling in it's f*cked-up nature and dark theme, and just how extreme the tonal shift is near the end; it is not often that I can say a visual novel of all things could make my stomach turn and my blood run cold, those are the genuine feelings that ran through me at the surprise reveal. These are feelings not even 300+ page novels have given me in my many years of being an obsolete nerd that still reads books. I don't often go for this kinda' story, particularly in how far beyond rational limits this author went into taboo and twisted topics, but it still somehow strikes me as artistic, and well-worthy of being purchased.If the above piques your interest, carry on and buy it, as a matter of fact I encourage it. Despite my cursing at the start of my review, i'm now typing THIS a few hours after publishing this review, my outrage and disgust having worn off enough to actually somehow admire the fact that I fell head-first into the trap the writer had laid. Despite having read other reviews saying there was a 'twist' at the end, I had thought to myself ""Cat girl is gonna' have him kill his family or something to claim him as her own, pshh, I got this in the bag."".... Nah dawg, nuh-uh, sh*t gonna' get exponentially more f*cked than you was anticipatin'.If you are buying this explicitly because it has a domineering and dark cat girl in it, for the love of God and all that is Holy, RUN. THE F*CK. AWAY.P.S. Moral of the story? Do not argue with your wife, go out into near-torrential rains in the middle of the night, and allow a creepily alluring gothic Catgirl-Neko-Whatever aggressively, yet coyly come onto you."
,Recommended,585890,29771066,Posted: 7 February,all,MapleMiharu,"Sweetest Monster is different in that it tells a mature story that isn't coated in sugary fantasy. The themes of faded feelings and guilty pleasure pervade every corner of its short but well-written story. I came into this game expecting whimsical fan-service as a catgirl sensually posed before me on the title screen, but what I came away with after my two hours were profound questions pertaining to commitment, my own transient existence, and what it really means to live for myself. Thanks to strong usage of vivid language and consistent word choices, the tone remains suspense and deep throughout its many scenes.The protagonist Robin is equally mature, being a pleasure deprived professor of music with a nagging wife and a daughter who hardly peeps at him. This dysfunction is painted early thanks to the quaint setting and melancholic tunes that play during his in-home conversations. The monotony that has gone on for much of his life  changes almost instantaneously, however, during a lone walk across a lakeside bridge. There he meets the spirit Bell, who so happens to be a cat girl simply trying to return a huge favor. Everyone in Sweetest Monster possess humanly goals that are relatable which made the reading all the more satisfying. They tend to revolve around the idea of being alive as lines like, ""cats don't have nine lives,"" ""I could be one of those statistics someday,"" to Bell thanking Robin for her own existence showoff expertly injected  subtlety into the reader's subconscious.Robin's in-home predicament is further accentuated by the dichotomy between the scenes spent in sadness with his wife Sally and those spent in frolick with catgirl Bell. The music does a fantastic job striking this cutoff as if bipolar, almost symbolic of Robin's inner thoughts as he struggles to sustain his relationships with Sally and daughter Melly. The toxic environment he puts up with is convincing. This is amplified by the contrasting personality and aesthetic appeal that Bell brings to his life. It makes for a fun trek into a grown man's cognitive state, oozing with dissonance as something so palatable awaits him in exchange for a foregone commitment that deep down still tugs his heart.How quickly can love dissipate, and how quickly does it rekindle? Sweetest Monster turned out to be anything other than what I had labeled it to be. It is an introspective tale about the value of life. It seeks to evoke emotion rather than please. It will also leave the reader with questions, and not because it is left unfinished, but because it is a thought-provokingly good rendition of what it means to be human. I enjoyed my time spent in Robin's head as the questions he tackled could very well be one that any of us may one day experience. If you are like Robin, in need of fresh scenery and some much deserved respite, Sweetest Monster will gladly provide with well-written characters and eye-raising developments."
,Recommended,585890,29770707,Posted: 7 February,all,sempersapiens,"Ebi-hime is one of my favourite visual novel writers—my personal favourites of hers areOnce on a Windswept Night(which is free if you haven't heard of her and want to check out her writing!) andAsphyxia—so I had been looking forward to Sweetest Monster for a while, and I read it as soon as I could. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes her other VNs, or who just wants to read something short and creepy!Sweetest Monster is about a man who's unhappy with his life; he constantly argues with his wife, he's frustrated with his job, and he doesn't know how to patch up his damaged relationship with his depressed teenage daughter. This unhappiness leaves him vulnerable to the seduction attempts of a mysterious cat girl, and the ensuing relationship is a dark and unsettling mirror of common plot elements in lighter, more “fanservice-y” VNs—make sure you read ebi-hime's detailed author's notes, which unlock after completing the story, if you want more insight about the thought process behind all of that. Ebi-hime's poetic descriptions, along with great choices of art, music, and sound effects, make reading this VN an experience that's both enjoyable and disturbing."
,Recommended,585890,29819017,Posted: 10 February,all,SilentCaay,"This was a pretty decent story, albeit short. On the plus side, the story had me feeling some genuine emotions. Most of those were negative emotions but I appreciate it just the same as positive emotions. Not every story has to be a pleasant one. It's not easy to write a story that's likely to upset the reader and still have them feeling they were glad to have read it. I respect that.I found the main character, Robin, rather frustrating throughout most of the story. While most VNs are fine with a generic male protag who's friendly, agreeable, easy-going, etc so that the player can self-insert, here the author is brave enough to write one that you probably won't agree with. I certainly didn't. I couldn't self-insert here even with a 6 foot long shoehorn. It's all very deliberate and well-written, though, and that's the main difference between the good kind of frustrating and the kind that makes you genuinely dislike the story.Also among my favorite negative emotions was the unnerving/creepy tone of many scenes. The female lead, Bell, is very difficult to trust. You never feel like you understand her motives or intentions and you really just want Robin to interrogate her but, as I mentioned above, he's not the type to act the way you would like so you're stuck being unnerved. I like it.Don't get me wrong, though. There were some positive emotions, too, and I don't only mean the sexy kind. There are a bunch of happy scenes and a smiling Sally is a treasure.One mark against it is that I would have liked more time to be spent on the characters and their preexisting relationships. Enough is given for the reader to fully understand their situations and motives but a little bit more fleshing out would have been appreciated (and it would have helped with the length a little, too).Overall, a great read. A bit short at like 2+ hours but for about $5, that's not bad. I recommend it and I know I'll be looking into the author's other works, myself."
76561198201467087,Recommended,585890,30856341,Posted: 31 March,all,🌸MidnightRose🌸,"Robin Hawkins is an older man who has a deteoriating relationship with his wife and daughter. He can't seem to get a break due his problems, but his cowardly actions don't make the situation better. He meets a cat-girl named Bell. She knows everything about him. That's creepy. This spirit is irresistable to Robin, so he tries to see her as often as he can. Things start to become rather strange. This visual novel is short. You'll be able to finish it within 2-4 hours depending on how fast you read. It might be pricey if you expect something a bit more longer. Wait for it to be on sale. The vn is psychological horror and it can be disturbing once you reach the ending. You have been warned! Highly recommended."
76561198348999904,Recommended,585890,32520828,Posted: 17 June,all,Optimistic Player,"It took me a little bit more than 4 hours to finish it, but it was time well spent. The writing is really well done and let's be honest, for what other reason would you play a VN?Unless you are a dirty pervert who came here because of the ""sexual content"" tag. But who would do such a thing? R-Right?Also read the author's notes once you finished. It's always nice to have some insight on the thought process behind such work."
,Recommended,585890,29867698,Posted: 12 February,all,Jabr0nee,"Very appealing art-style and solid writing.I don't recommend this if you're looking for something lighthearted and cute. The story is arguably very depressing and the finale is one of the more disturbing conclusions to a VN I've witnessed in awhile.You can spot the plot twist a mile away, but that doesn't make it any less unnerving."
76561198132885404,Recommended,585890,34364169,Posted: 19 August,all,särkymätön,"It's rare that I come across a piece of art such as this which is capable of fundamentally making mefeeldifferent.Sweetest Monster is immersive.  It's visceral.  It's strange.  This one will stay in my mind for awhile, and I'm sure it will do the same for you.I applaud the creators of this work for producing something which is horrifyingly beautiful.  I wish I could find more work painted in this unnerving tone of melancholy.I highly recommend this purchase."
76561198038104239,Recommended,585890,30803323,Posted: 28 March,all,Agent A1pha,This is honestly an amazing story. I highly recommend reading the author's notes afterwards.
,Recommended,585890,30975652,Posted: 6 April,all,Love,Kinetic Visual NovelCute Cat GirlGuy with Mid-Life CrisisWhat can possibly go wrong?Hint: A lotBut it's fun reading the ride.P.S. Pretty good visuals and Soundtrack7.5/10Would read again
,Recommended,585890,31667115,Posted: 10 May,all,⎛⎝ Abaddon ⎠⎞,"Sweetest Monster is a Kinetic Novel (= no choices involved) presenting a ~3 hour long read accompanied by eerie music and sound effects which will lead you to a mysterious yet nostalgic universe.The art is really well done, both character sprites and scenery are awesome. The story presents some plot twists, yet, from another perspective it's quite realistic and relatable.I'd say the main topic of this game is life. How some choices might alterate the situation you are living (and sharing with your surroundings) significantly, and, eventually bring you a dreadful sense of guilt.Characters are well presented, relatable personalities, interesting traits, nice coloring.+Also, some fanservice is presented but it's not the main point of the story.8.5/10"
76561198097727278,Recommended,585890,29858510,Posted: 11 February,all,Azure,"BackgroundSweetest monster is a kinetic visual novel ( As in it has no choices or multiple endings) which takes around 3-5 hours to finish depending on how fast of a reader you are. Robin Hawkins is a middle aged man. His relationship with his wife, Sally, is in shambles and his daughter, Melody, no longer speaks to him.Stuck in an endless cycle, until he meets the mysterious cat girl in the middle of a rainy night, Bell.However, there is a lot more to Bell than meets the eye,  and His 'dreams' will eventually turn into 'nightmares'.Thoughts about the novelFirst off, the game contains some fanservice, nudity/sexual content as well as some physchological horror elements, so it's not for anyone who gets triggered easily or finds things of similar elements to be disturbing.The writing is done beautifully as it gets you to sympathize with Robin, and it basically portrays how any normal guy would act in a situation like the one he faced. The novel was an emotional rollercoaster, it's not your typical happy romance visual novel, the story made me feel quite a lot. mostly negative emotions, however i dont mind that. Not every story has to be happy.I have the greatest respect to Ebi-Hime (the creator of the novel) for being able to create such a story that gets you upset and mad about the actions going on, yet have you hooked to the story and have you end up being glad that you read it.Also among my favorite elements of this novel was the creepy tone of many of the conversations with the female lead, Bell. You never know what she is up to or what her intentions are.Overall, a great short novel for a reasonable price. I recommend it to anyone who might be interested in this genre, or even if you're new to this genre. I'll be looking into ebi-hime's other works surely and you should too c:Also the novel contains a cute catgirl ;)  we all know you like those."
76561198062301817,Recommended,585890,34914796,Posted: 13 September,all,Rhythm Raph,"It's great to have a VN that deals with difficult relationships. Whereas in many of them, mainly dating-sims, you see a new relationship blossoming, in this one you see a middle-aged man discontent with his love life and his work, and unable to connect with his daughter. Those are all pretty mature themes that may ring close to home for many people, but then he is being introduced to a young and seductive girl full of secrets, and things slowly get out of his hands, and OH GOD THAT AWFUL YET PERFECT TWIST. I did see it coming, but it's not that obvious, and I still was shocked when it was disclosed.Have a terrible yet great read!"
,Recommended,585890,30624300,Posted: 19 March,all,The Elemental of Creation,"I am not going to spoil the story, but I did like it to a point. Overall, I hated this visual novel, but that doesn't mean it was of poor quality. I've read many dark themed stories, and this one kind of left a bad taste in my mouth. Or, more specificaly, a cold burning in my chest. The creators did a magnificent job with this story, and definately accomplished their goals. So, weak of heart be warned. I thought that I would be fine but I don't know any more.That being said, if a part 2 comes out, I will probably purchase it."
,Recommended,585890,29787691,Posted: 8 February,all,Nasthesy,"Holy Christ this game is a pearlThe writing is of quality and descriptive, Ost far from bein' obnoxious and the whole mix create an atmospheric alchemy that I'm really fond off.The characters definitively have relatable personalities, I didn't get into the NSFW area yet and I couldn't care less, it's an experience in itself.I know, well, more like I feel like it's going to end up badly and in tears, it's that kind of story, but I enjoy it so greatly that I hardly believe this game cost less than 6 bucks atm.Thanks for it, really.I'll recommend it without a shade of hesitation to anyone.Edit - I almost forgot the sweet and what feels like an handcrafted art-style, definitively improving the already amazing mix of Writing + Ost combo .Edit² - Just finished it and OH BOY THAT ENDING, Jesus. ♥♥♥♥ing. Christ.I love it in some twisted ways."
,Recommended,585890,32949814,Posted: 28 June,all,The999eagle,"One of the most well-written VNs I've played. No choices at all, just a very gripping story lasting about 4 hours. Try not to read any spoilers because that ending was mostly unexpected and really disturbing. The author's notes you unlock after playing through the story summarize it pretty well: it's meant to make you uncomfortable."
76561198121955630,Recommended,585890,30112617,Posted: 22 February,all,doom87er,what a twist! -M. Night Shyamalansome one kill me
,Recommended,585890,34350557,Posted: 19 August,all,Joga,"I bought this entirely on the strength of the previous works of the author, Ebi-hime, and I'm happy to say it lives up to her legacy. She tends to take common VN/anime tropes (cat girls!) and subvert them or twist them in unique ways. This is essentially a drama about a miserable middle-aged man in a fading marriage, combined with psychological horror and unhealthy obsession. By midway through reading you'll probably have an idea of where it's all heading, but you're powerless to stop it from reaching its inevitable conclusion. This VN made me feelincrediblyuncomfortable, which was the intended goal of the author.If you're just looking for catgirl fanservice, you should probably look elsewhere. If instead you want a smartly written horror/drama and don't mind feeling really uncomfortable afterwards, this was certainly an interesting read."
,Recommended,585890,29752488,Posted: 6 February,all,Prom Knight,"A cat is fine too...Actually, it's preferable, in this case."
76561198006530009,Recommended,585890,29956474,Posted: 15 February,all,LoadStar81,"Synopsis:As an example of a story that doesn't need to be 'enjoyable' in the traditional sense to be compelling, Sweetest Monster is ultimately a story of failures in communication and the tradgedy a person can bring upon himself.As stated in the description, Robin Hawkins has a very poor relationship with both his wife, Sally, and his daughter, Melody.  Beyond this, it's pretty easy to see how Robin is very much responsible for the deterioration in these relationships.  He has arguements with his wife, but rather than try to work through his issues with her, he chooses to run from the confrontations.  He doesn't understand how to relate to his daughter, and again, he tries to ignore the problems she has rather than talk to her about them.  Compounded with the other stresses in his life, the ultimate result is a man in the midst of a midlife crisis, which is right when this story properly begins.While Robin's meeting with the mysterious and peculiar Bell is what sets the tragedy in motion, it's easy to see the places where Robin could have taken hold of his future.  Instead, he reveals himself to be a weak man, easily manipulated by Bell, as she draws him in with impossible tales and suggestive acts.  What begins as mere escapism quickly transforms into something more, much darker and more sinister than Robin ever suspected.I won't spoil the conclusion, as Ebi-hime has done a good job making sure that it's not a complete surprise.  Astute readers will see what is coming, but the conclusion is well earned.Art:The aesthetic fits with the story, with dark backdrops in the moments of mystery and unease, but brightly colored settings in the places where Robin feels most comfortable.  The few character CGs are all of Bell, and they all do a good job of conveying just how peculiar a person she is.  At other times, character stills of Bell or Sally will take center stage, and they are always well drawn; no gonk faces to be found here.Music and Sound:The soundtrack was provided by Mock Off, and he has done a great job of helping communicate the tone of the scenes through his music.  Many of the tracks are very sparsely arranged, staccato piano or synth melodies over eerie, airy backgrounds with a small amount of percussion to help keep the pieces moving.  The title track, Sweetest Monster, is probably the standout piece in the short OST, doing a fantastic job of generating a sensation of mystery and unease.The sound effects are perhaps the only criticism I can find to level at this visual novel.  While some of them are appropriately subdued, I found that the effects used for falling rain, people walking, or children playing were overpowering to the point of distraction.  Thankfully they don't occur often, but a softer, more subdued set of sounds would have worked better with the soundtrack and the tone of the story.Conclusion and Recommendation:Sweetest Monster, admittedly, is not a story that everyone will appreciate.  It is a story about a confident young woman, a weak-willed man, conflicting emotions and obligations.  This is not a story to read when you're looking for something to perk you up.  If you are looking for something different from the majority of visual novels, however, something that doesn't simply give fanservice for fanservice sake, but uses sexuality as an integral part of its story, you will find something special here.I highly recommend Sweetest Monster, and though I have not read any of her other works to date, I plan to do so, and will provide recommendations for similar tales at that time."
,Recommended,585890,29862951,Posted: 11 February,all,JusticeSoulTuna,"-This is a long, spoiler-filled, rant like review which expresses my full and critical, personal opinion of this VN. It isn't meant to be a direct attack on the author, their content, their views, or anyone that enjoys this work. It is me merely collecting my thoughts on how I felt about this story, which I DID enjoy, but also had some fundamental issues with. Thanks for understanding-It’s certainly disturbing, to say the least!Sweetest Monster had me caught like a moth to a flame, because at a particularly tender spot in my life, I yet again run into something macabre. My morbid curiosity with this VN was particularly with its base plot, and the themes. And the reviews seemed to give it even more of a fascinating persona.[SPOILERS TO FOLLOW]What I got in the end, was still something I didn’t expect, even after I had prepared myself for all eventualities. I wasn’t too shocked by the plot twist; in fact I had openly guessed it all long. However, it still caught me off guard.The VN itself is incredibly well written, and I had plenty of chuckles and grimaces in equal measure, due to the vivid descriptions of UK life (which I understand all too well). The characters are believable and the dialogue feels right. The overall plot can most certainly be considered “horror”, especially due to the ending. There’s a genuinely unsettling feeling throughout, and the whole thing is set up in a way to lead towards an insane conclusion.I did feel that this VN accomplished what it set out to do, which was to make you feel unsettled/uncomfortable, and the author’s notes certainly made me aware of such. However, a part of me can’t help but feel somewhat miffed, almost as if I was being punished due to the author’s personal feelings about certain types of Vns, and fanservice being the main target. Which is perfectly fine for them to feel that way, and it’s reasonable to separate the art from the artist of course. It’s not that I think this was any kind of political/social agenda, but it may have also been presented in a way that’s meant to make you bad feel for liking fanservice, and the plot twist exists to execute that very act. This could be the case, or it might not be, I will probably never know. But I hope not, because it would be a shame if that was the goal when the story was hitting such incredible high notes on its own.Taken in isolation, this is a short but detailed story about a man with a mid-life crisis with his wife and estranged daughter, with supernatual elements, and themes of commitment, obsession and infidelity. It reminds me a lot of the game Catherine in that respect, which is probably what also drew me to this VN. I just couldn’t help but feel like the plot twist, and the author’s intent behind it, sit in direct opposition to this stellar and horrific story, because it seemed less about presenting this horrid truth for the sake of the plot, and more about cheapening the whole experience. That is, the plot twist (at least superficially) appears to be an ‘aha, got you’ moment that is meant to pull the rug from underneath the feet of the reader, and take away what made the plot so engaging. Or put into more words: “That’s what you get for liking cat-girls and fanservice; now don’t you just feel terrible?” At least based upon the author’s notes (and perhaps their intent?) because otherwise it’s just a damn good horror twist, haha. On its own the ‘art’ has a good story to tell, but I’m just concerned by what the ‘artist’ intended us to feel about it. But I could also just not be seeing the forest for the trees in this case.I was genuinely enthralled by this story of a man potentially ‘cheating’ with a spirit, and I was so sympathetic to his wife and I wanted them to resolve their differences, and for him to be closer with his daughter. The aspect of Bell’s one-sided love and persistence felt like the perfect foil for the main character’s development in this direction, and it would shape him to either be a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who ruins his family, or the man who overcomes this midlife crisis and does something about it. Or some twisted area inbetween. It’s clever really; how the interactions with Bell, and the main character’s descriptions of her, are clearly meant to represent one specific thing, which will be the constant hints that lead towards the plot twist. I can openly admit that I was so hooked and invested in the conflicted feelings of the main character, and his divided thoughts between his clear love for his wife, and his bedazzlement by this young cat girl who had so much love for him. It felt like that story was never truly resolved, and maybe it was never meant to be.Put simply; I was perhaps expecting a story where the infidelity with the cat girl spirit was being used as a plot device for the main character’s reflections on his current life, and what he should do moving forward. So again, the plot twist sort of feels destructive to that, and ‘cheapens’ the experience by making it seem more like it wanted to play a dirty trick on you, and the seemingly deep and emotional story was nothing but the literal pre-text. But that is just my feelings about it, and I am in no way suggesting the author wanted to do that. And at the end of the day you’re free to form your own opinions on the whole thing.I fully admit that I was captivated by Bell’s character, and I was expecting the inevitable intimate scene, but not out of purely perverted reasons but rather because it would be the apex of this messed up story. And the plot twist was good yes, but I wonder if it just makes the whole theme of infidelity, family and self-improvement just fall apart in the face of it. I was expecting to feel bad, sure, but only due to how far gone the main character was in his infidelity, and how it would affect his family going forward. And whether the supernatural element would feed into that, or perhaps take a whole different direction. Because I really appreciated the story up until that point, and I just personally think that the plot twist’s shock factor is hampered by what it does to the rest of the story preceding it. The plot twist (I personally feel) made me feel bad for all the wrong reasons, and suddenly the story arc is shattered.The narrative, at least I thought, seemed to be headed towards a scenario where the main character would have to finally choose between this sick twisted romance with a cat girl, and his shaky but real family, and while the ‘choice’ wouldn’t be an in-game one, and one that just happens as it was meant to be written, I was excited to see whichever choice it would be. I understand that this was all just my expectation, and even projection to a certain extent, and I was actually ok with having none of these fulfilled.Don’t take any of this to mean that I disliked this story, or that I don’t recommend it. Well, it’s hard to really sell this to most people due to it being a non-interactive VN, with VERY mature themes (plot twist not-withstanding). But I think it’s a worthwhile read if you, like myself, are a moth dancing around a flame and you’re looking for something different, and very very dark. It’s well written, the art is nice, the characters do well and it’ll certainly leave you thinking. I want to stress that nothing I’ve said here is a direct attack on the author, their personal views, their work or anything like that. I actually fully respect the effort that went into this VN, and I respect the bravery to tell such a dark, twisted story, with whatever intent they may have had behind it all. I think Sweetest Monster was a tiny little pocket of disturbing but enjoyable narrative, and I just wanted to fully express my fundamental disappointment with the overall direction of the closing act. Beyond that, I think it’s well worth picking this VN up and deciding for yourself how you feel about it."
,Recommended,585890,31380524,Posted: 26 April,all,Pumpkin,"A visual novel that while relatively short has more fleshed out characters than most long visual novels that I read. In this you do not make choices, the tale is linear however it is one that will likely take you in quickly.I wasn't sure what to expect going into this and I am glad I didn't do any research. The plot kept me wanting to read more just to see what would happen next.Ther characters are not riddled with tropes and feel like real people in their quirks and most importantlyflaws.The music is excellent at setting the atmosphere and the sound effects are no exception, the two working together to keep you immersed in the moment.I won't say too much more but I can't suggest you give this a read enough. It's n ot extremely expensive and even at full price I would say this work of art is worth your money."
,Recommended,585890,29989672,Posted: 17 February,all,Vicuus,"Very engaging story, with a big twist.Very much recommend reading.ps: I (really) hope they make a part 2"
76561198014373952,Recommended,585890,29887876,Posted: 12 February,all,SingASongOfDeath,"Easily would recommend this game. It's short, but very enjoyable. Any sexual content is fairly brief, which is not a negative in my mind. The story is excellent."
,Recommended,585890,30029529,Posted: 19 February,all,Markie 0.1,"A short but interesting journey about a man and a cat that keeps the mind occupied all the while, I would recommend this to anyone who craves a spine-tingling experience"
76561198119123853,Recommended,585890,31090532,Posted: 11 April,all,[HOOVY] Celltastic,i really liked the thems on this game it was dark and intersting and oh that ending.things i didnt like that it felt a bit too short would have liked it to be longer.other than that i higly recomend this game it was very good
,Recommended,585890,31783628,Posted: 16 May,all,Mashuo,I didn't expect this game to be that good.
,Recommended,585890,30885340,Posted: 1 April,all,Tazze,"This visual novel was so good I downloaded it for free and bought it when I finished it even though I didn't have any intention of re-reading it (even though I probably will in the future), money well spent."
76561198036780589,Recommended,585890,29821879,Posted: 10 February,all,Naonoa,"This game has a story that will pull you in hard than take you though a emotional rollercoaster . And i will also make a qote from Lisa's deiscription ""Featurs A life ruining gaming experience."""
76561198027931977,Recommended,585890,33759460,Posted: 23 July,all,James,"If you can read a book, or have played a visual novel, or have watched a movie, and felt something from it (the feels as some call it); for $6 (current price) you can buy this 'game' and experience something you almost certainly have not experienced before.This isn't a game; it's a story. There are no decisions to be made. There is no way for you to affect the outcome. What you have are beautiful visuals, haunting music, and realistic personalities. You will probably see the end coming a mile away, and like so many reviewers have said before me, you won't want to admit it until you have to face it.I would rate this 8/10 because it's only flaw is the length. It doesn't need to be long to be great, but with steam's 2 hour refund policy, people might not how it is a short story.But in my personal book, this gets a 10/10. I don't regret even a single minute I spent on this story, from the beginning to the scene after the credits, to reading the authors notes in the extras menu.8/10 Amazing though short. A true psychological horror story / thriller."
,Recommended,585890,33386147,Posted: 8 July,all,Emo_Girl_2006_xXx,"It was truly a short read (~2 hours for me) but it was honestly worth it.I did saw the twist coming a mile away, but just like the protagonist, I didn't want to accept it as the truth until I had to confront it."
,Recommended,585890,29862625,Posted: 11 February,all,Kuu,Do yourself a favour and just buy it already.
76561198152096623,Recommended,585890,29983682,Posted: 17 February,all,spyrkle10,"Sweetest Monster was a story meant to decontruct some things (which is probably obvious from its description) and it does so wonderfully. It touches on a lot of issues, from marriage and family to darker themes that you wouldn't expect. It's the sort of story that you know will end in ruin, but you can't tear yourself away. The art in this VN is very nice, with only a few important characters directly featuring in (and having sprites in) the story."
,Recommended,585890,33357630,Posted: 7 July,all,Solutions,What a way to begin my foray into the world of visual novels :| ...
76561198031916735,Recommended,585890,29760250,Posted: 7 February,all,Leo,"It's not a game, it's an illustrated story.Disturbing, & Dark. And perhaps a bit controversial. In that you'd never see a story like this on TV, or put to a movie. Which isn't to say it's a bad story.If your looking for something Neurotic, or Romantic. You might want to skip this little tragedy. But if you brave it to the end, you might find a moral to the story is something like, Beware overly possessive mischievous cat girls that say they love you.The Forshadowing kinda gave away the end, and I was not surprised when the reveal came. Horrified yes. But not surprised. If you ever watched a scary movie, and was like. ""Don't go into the woods!"" ""don't do it!"" ""Nooooo! you fool!"" Yeah.' it was kinda like that.I kinda wish there was a rating system.The presentation, and art was nice.The music was ok.The writing was a bit drawn out. And could have been edited down a bit. I found myself skipping past some of the dialogue, which at times felt superfluous.With the forshadowing, I found myself just wanting to get to the end.Otherwise it wasn't a bad story. and made me think about moraliy, right, wrong, And evil Cat girls. Any story that makes you think is a good story. So. I'll give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,585890,29890128,Posted: 12 February,all,Succumb2Succubi,"I will vouch for this VN, it is kinetic, as stated above. I feel like it would be best to go into this blind so you can formulate your own unbiased thoughts and opinions. All I'll say is that I enjoyed the eirie settings and the emotional tug of war that goes on while reading this work of art. It's far from your typical happy slice of life bs, that's for sure. So if you like more serious and darker themed media I would highly recommend picking this up."
,Recommended,585890,29948053,Posted: 15 February,all,Kalkith,"A short but well written visual novel that I highly recommend.  The characters, the dialogue, and the atmosphere are much more grounded and real than what you normally receive in the VN medium.  I would like to say this was something of a breath of fresh air; many of the common anime/VN tropes are dispensed with and instead you are given something more immersive.  The ending blew my mind and I really hope ebi_hime continues the story as I can only wonder how the protagonist will continue after such a shocking turn of events.  I plan to recommend this to my friends.  ^_^"
,Recommended,585890,30884488,Posted: 1 April,all,Vencreux,"This story was so good it made me sick.I did call it from the very beginning, the ending, the reasons leading up to it; The explanation.But what got me was the delivery. The lack of shame leading to, and the bluntness of the event itself. The characters were colorful, and honest.Open.And all of the hints, if you didn't catch on from the beginning, were just subtle enough to be just that; Hints.This is, and I can say this with complete honesty, a story that is so bad. It's good.I guess what I'm trying to say is, You've disgusted me.Good job.10/10"
,Recommended,585890,30873267,Posted: 1 April,all,gette,"i dislike writing long reviews but oh god how i wish i knew what to write for this onewithout spoiling anything, sweetest monster will have you questioning what happens next and your eyes will be glued on the screen as each day passes and the bar is raised even moreit's a short experience that should take you around 3 hours to finish, the music and the sound effects are far from great, but they can still complement the plot's atmosphere at times, especially when you factor the budget constrains. it's also not the most original thing ever, especially if you're part of the horror-theme VNs niche, but it manages to distance itself a bit from the rest, making it feel unique to some extentby the end of it, you may get sad or angry if you didnt like how things turned out, or have a stupid grin on your face as you scream ""CALLED IT""it's definetly not one of urobutcher's works, but if you happened to find this little gem by accident, be sure to give it a try.it may even leave you happy for the rest of the day, if you're into that sort of thing, that isjust be sure to read the author's notes once you finish it!congratulations on the great job you've done ebi!"
,Recommended,585890,30190121,Posted: 26 February,all,Nicko Black,"Great novel. Really invokes a sense of dread. If you want to play a amazing, unique visual novel, check this out."
,Recommended,585890,29774035,Posted: 7 February,all,Drasinius,"UPDATE: Just completed the story. Phew, that was a trip. As mentioned below, don't expect much in terms of fanservice here. Just a good, dark, disturbing story.Okay, that twist. I was not expecting that. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥..I'm not even done and I'm enjoying the hell out of this story. The art style is actualy rather well done for game's budget. The writing, while it does have some holes here and there, is very solid. The characters all feel very ""human,"" (for what that's worth for one in particular) and sympathetic. The MC in particular is quite believable. His flaws, strengths, concerns, reactions, and feelings strike as more of a real person than any sort of anime cliche.Sure, it's a kinetic novel and as such as no replayability, but it's a strong story that makes good use of tension. This is no VN made for the sake of fanservice. This is a VN meant to tell a story, and it's a good story that's told."
,Recommended,585890,29784762,Posted: 8 February,all,Naisu,"This is my first visual novel I've bought in Steam and let's just say I'm very happy with this. I don't really know how to review novels, especially ones with a length like this one (it took me 3.4hrs). But I can say that the price it's at, it definitely delivers an fulfilling experience.You can't make any choices or go for different routes, but I think it would've hurt it more if it had things like that. It may sound weird that there's not any kind of interaction, but since it's not too long, it didn't really bother me. Let's just say that if there's ever a sequel or DLC, w/e, I'd buy it. (in all honesty, I'd LOVE to see more of this world! Maybe an entirely different situation, that'd be interesting!)But as it stands, it's a nice, tight package. If I had to mention some faults, I'd say that some of the sound effects could use some work. It's a nitpick for me, but I don't think a sound like that comes from when closing a wooden door. Other than that, good stuff!EDIT: I forgot to mention this: the Extra mode is a great inclusion after you're done with the game. The notes section was a good read. :)"
,Recommended,585890,34054576,Posted: 6 August,all,❤♡ Emmaneidor ♡❤,This actually a quite Messed up. I feel somebody actually watching me ;-;
,Recommended,585890,32960699,Posted: 28 June,all,librin.so.1,"TL;DRHoly F***ing S**t! :VLong version:So I played through the game together with a friend; we were both sitting in front of my PC, playing, discussing and laughing our asses off.We'd play it in ""real"" time – finishing one in-game day per day, that made it more interesting, as we'd have constant cliffhangers.We laughed so much it's unreal.There were so many instances where we'd jokingly ""guess"" the next line, making it something super lulzy but improbable. And when we'd see that's the line we'd get. MEEMZ!Overall the story was very, very intriguing and captivating.But then sh^t hit the fan. This is THE most disturbing thing I have ever read or seen. And I've seen some serious sh*t through the years.This game is worth every penny and then some. Money well spent.The story is just damn brilliant and priceless, yo!P.S.Poor Sally Pally..."
76561198056701760,Recommended,585890,34069436,Posted: 6 August,all,The One Chronicler,"Playing this VN made me depressed. Intrigued, but depressed. 10/10, would hate myself again."
,Recommended,585890,29778479,Posted: 8 February,all,CEO of antifa,Hell hath no fury
76561198070920223,Recommended,585890,30948732,Posted: 4 April,all,Ragnarok Ender,"I, personally, really enjoyed this VN. As a matter of fact, I'm having a slightly hard time seeing the ending as anything but possitive. But hey, thats just me. And apparently I'm a sicko."
76561197997573541,Recommended,585890,32902044,Posted: 27 June,all,version15 (lagmaster),"This was...disturbing.Very thought-provoking, an enthralling read that had me going ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥."" towards the end as it all tied together in a terrifying way. And the final scene...punched me right in the stomach.If you're interested in reading something twisted, dark, and yet utterly interesting, I would recommend this. Well worth the price and 2-3 hours of reading."
,Recommended,585890,33348600,Posted: 7 July,all,Neutrino,"Disturbing, but epic."
,Recommended,585890,33595344,Posted: 16 July,all,SH,An interesting story with a suprisingly end.
76561198031752714,Recommended,585890,29798440,Posted: 9 February,all,Waywatcher Sora,Do you like well written stories?Do you like good drama?Do you like interesting characters?Do you enjoy cool art styles in your vn's?Do you enjoy good pacing?Well stop reading this review and download Sweetest Monster!
,Recommended,585890,29769845,Posted: 7 February,all,sin,"Lovely short VN! ~4hr playthrough. The music, art, and writing compliment each other well. Story is dark and finishes on a strong note."
,Recommended,585890,29770637,Posted: 7 February,all,Remonite,"Im not very good at reviewing but i have read quiet a good amount of VNs on steam so hopefully my input can be helpful.I wont mention much about the details of the story as its rather short (i finished it all in 1 sitting).Keep in mind that this novel doesnt have any routes or multiple endings i.e u simply read through it like a book.In general, the theme of the story is rather dark. The atmosphere in the plot involves alot of rain and nights with the music fitting the mood really well. I was getting anxious due to how fitting the music was. ofcourse its not all dark as it rotates with the various characters situation and events so theres a fair amount of sarcastic comedy, intimate romance and so on.Due to how short the novel is, there wasnt much CGs or arts involved but whatever was used was pretty well drawn and pleasant to watch.If you are expecting fanservice there is a small share of it but its so well presented compared to those other VNs that literally throw it on your face. It feels so natural when its shown that it doesnt sink in that well that this is fanservice as your mostly engrossed in the story.keep in mind that the story might not be everyone's cup of tea as the goal of the writer was to cause discomfort (as per author notes in the Novel, yes i read those, thats how much i love this VN) and he reached his goal in my case in a good way.the characters are very well-written that you can sympathize with them and i didnt find many if any translation mistakes or anything cringe-worthy.honestly this novel left me with such complex feelings. i like it so much and hate it for giving me what i did not expect if that makes any sense. its like when you watch an ending to an anime that its a good ending (good as in likeable but not necessarlily positive) but not the ending you were hoping for.Overall:Story: 4/5Art: 3.5/5Music: 5/5 (the main theme is so good)i seriously recommend this VN to any one who is bored of the generic VNs on steam and would like a more dark / different VN and is rather open-minded on plot."
76561198021823625,Recommended,585890,29781357,Posted: 8 February,all,vitriol17,"A dark mirror to NekoPara, I really enjoyed this short but sweet (its a cruel sort of sweetness though) VN, good artwork, a great sountrack that goes well with the unsetling parts of the story.Bell is a great character, i kinda hope i get to see her again someday."
76561198006944307,Recommended,585890,29783781,Posted: 8 February,all,iamcrab,"Wish the game was twice the length with just more filled in, pretty cool idea and i was delightfully surprised and disgusted where it went.Pay money so we may receive more."
,Recommended,585890,29889158,Posted: 12 February,all,joridiculous,"Do yourself a favour and Read this game (well, buy it first of course!)The writing is spot on, the story is really compelling and quite disturbing in places.OST is beutiful and fits in quite nicely with the awesome artwork.Most importantly, contains a cute catgirl! ❤"
76561198089947518,Recommended,585890,29794791,Posted: 8 February,all,LowEffort,Your gonna cut your♥♥♥♥♥♥off after the good 'ol sex scene. I sat there for quite a while contemplating suicide after that ♥♥♥♥ mothering plot twist 10/10 would play again
76561198103047064,Recommended,585890,33151227,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr. Dr. Professor Wheeler,*shivers*
76561198136886006,Recommended,585890,33758564,Posted: 23 July,all,Hobojohnny,"Sweetest Monster is hard to define correctly. I'm sure the average user on Steam saw the nudity tag and immediately goes to crack a joke about it, but it's far more than that.It's a visual novel that is more of a dark tale of obsession than a romance, more of a depressing look into how relationships can sour over the years than an average slice of life story.  Feelings of dread and emptiness are littered throughout, a feeling like that main character, Robin, can never escape from his predicament no matter how hard he tries.Having difficulty giving a review without spoiling the entire thing, I'll say this: Despite being somewhat short (at three hours and I usually tab out and do stuff while playing), this VN held a heavy punch right to the gut. The use of haunting soundtrack over excellent art that is torn between being cheerful and homely to gloomy and moody reaches that perfect balance. The characters were believable in their relationships, and the ending was truly top-notch.This is a winner from the developer ebi-hime, and I look forward to their future work."
76561198183956818,Recommended,585890,34259855,Posted: 15 August,all,Ironicus,So twisted.10/10.
,Recommended,585890,29773451,Posted: 7 February,all,Azazel,"This story has a twist that will take anyone by surprise; well written story with satisfying visuials and moral conflicts.This is a VN and not really a game, there are no choices or diffrent paths you can takeFor anyone feeling a little more adventurous This is a nice VN to add to your collection.Personally I found the the looming suspense and relatable characters as an overall enjoyable experience and would recommend it to anyone who wanted a story with some diffrent messages and morals9/10"
,Recommended,585890,29795882,Posted: 8 February,all,Cybrid 0x0t2md2W,I didn;t expect mnuch but I mostly liked the music and thought it'd be interesting when a friend showed this.  and it turned out darker than I ever expected for the ending.  now I want more goddamnit.
76561198118210921,Recommended,585890,29793362,Posted: 8 February,all,Allstate Insurance,No Insurance Fraud here.
76561198025047055,Recommended,585890,29794917,Posted: 8 February,all,Flor,"At one point the story was leading up to what in a more cliché VN would be an important dicision point. I worried, with this being a kinetic novel (no choices), if I would be left disatified with the route it took. Then I remembered that Ebi-Hime wrote it and knew I would not be disappointed. She has yet to betray my confidence.And don't forget to read the authros notes afterwards; as alwayse they were interesting!"
,Recommended,585890,29794071,Posted: 8 February,all,Natron,This actually managed to disturb me a little.
,Recommended,585890,29794554,Posted: 8 February,all,HydrΛ,So good.
,Recommended,585890,32188016,Posted: 4 June,all,USS Wisconsin,"I thought Bell was the monster, but actually, it was I..."
,Not Recommended,585890,31353775,Posted: 25 April,all,Zergling's Finest,"This game completely fails to deliver on its appeal. This isn't going to sell you what you're looking for.A story about an 40 year oldman driven down to a broken wheel, facing increasing difficulty to manage his family relationships. Finding himself indulging spirital/physical temptation to betray his wife and child. You expect to peer into the insights of a older man with life expierance/morals/tradition silently choosing whether or not to fall down the path of depravity. Instead this is written as if the story was simply about a deadbeat loser 26 yearold, recently married yet having an afffar with a greedy sweet16 hottie with daddy issues.Three reasons you won't be able to immerse yourself into this story:1) The characters appear fully on screen in as if they are backed against a blank wall then copy pasted into a background, while you are expected to believe that they doing all these actions that require them to be sitting down or interacting in a way where they can't possibly be just standing infront of the screen. Better off just drawing their heads and tagging it at the end of their dialogue in conversation with nothing else but a wall of text to scroll down.2) Breaks  up some segments of the story with date and month transions that were too sparsed to keep track of anyway.3) Breaks immersion often by cutting right into the middle of the next scenes ahead, so you are left thinking, what? how did we get here? Guess I'll just assume what happened myself."
,Recommended,585890,31521433,Posted: 3 May,all,Ether,"Definietely good written plots, perfect music and astonishing art.OHHHHH BELL I WILL YOU BE MY KITTY!!!"
,Recommended,585890,29775677,Posted: 7 February,all,GaoShiki,"I might not reccomend this to people who aren't familiar with visual novels in general - but it is a very ♥♥♥♥ed up, very interesting story that twists visual novel tropes heavily.Also, 18+, just a heads up."
76561198043787903,Recommended,585890,33800850,Posted: 25 July,all,fatso catso,nice short ntr vn
76561198043974515,Recommended,585890,29813607,Posted: 9 February,all,Amourship,It's not about th cat girl. It's about the plot
,Recommended,585890,29754077,Posted: 6 February,all,[A]1ice.Bulld0g,CAT GIRL IS GREAT
76561198044779587,Recommended,585890,29776805,Posted: 7 February,all,Neptune's Royal Guard,best VN ive played in awhileliterally mind ♥♥♥♥ed me
76561198067711512,Recommended,585890,29755277,Posted: 6 February,all,Killpakk,This is easily the best VN ive read in a long time if ever.
,Recommended,585890,29772488,Posted: 7 February,all,Rick Harrison,Spoilerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxVDnpsGTZY
76561198049491696,Not Recommended,585890,31370060,Posted: 25 April,all,Zombie Fingers,"1/10Sweetest Monster is a visual short story about Robin, a middle-aged man who is in the generic Mid-life crisis. He feels trapped in a job he doesn't like, he's constantly at odds with his wife and is alienated from his daughter.He meets Belle, a spirit manafesting itself as a teenaged cat-girl. She seduces him, and being a weak man who lets life happen to him, goes along for the ride.I found his character to be a little one-dimensonal and rather predictable. He doesn't do the things he knows he should, doesn't own his actions and lets his testicles lead him deeper into trouble. The other characters are uninteresting, not at all fleshed out, and very boring.The story reminds me of an old pulp thriller. A smiple storyline spiced up with forbidden love and capped a shock ending.Swetest Monster is a story. it's not interactive and you just sit and read. A book or T.V. would be better. The art is a let down. Not that it's bad. They use  the same pictures over and over making it very uninspiring.In closing, even though Belle is an ancient spirit/ teenage cat-girl, this is a pretty thin smoke screen to cover the fact that Sweestest Monster is little more than a story about an adult who has a sexual relationship with a child.I give this VN one out of ten Pedophiles."
76561198067739990,Recommended,585890,29756046,Posted: 6 February,all,death121314,make a sequel now that was to good to just end like that
,Not Recommended,585890,32126298,Posted: 2 June,all,EnlargedCharge,I don't.. I can't.. What did I just play? Is the big twist that.. I am the monster? I wanted to throw up. I don't know how to feel about the plot in this game.
,Recommended,585890,30796947,Posted: 28 March,all,Exectech,"This novella gave me a number of emotional responses, aggravation, disgust, and sorrow. The writer knows exactly where she/he wants to take the reader and does so well. ""You've been warned."" I've read very few visual novels and none that are linear. I did not know what I was getting into, so it was shocking not having any choices and just reading. However the story was compeling enough to keep me reading to find out what happens to the characters. I found this to be a great read/experience in the evening with the lights turned off and headphones on. I read it for about an hour or so over the course of a few nights. The music while repetitive at times is deeply captivating and helps set the sinister mood. I found the art to be superb although I wish there had been more of it. It just needed a few more facial expressions on the two main characters rather than the writer having to describe the reactions. If you are buying this because of the ""nudity"" tag in steam, don't. You'll be disappointed. If you are looking for a good read and something different then I recommend this. If you go into it as a novella or graphic novel you won't be disappointed. Watch as the events unfold in your mind and on the screen and the emotions that go with it."
76561198126535571,Recommended,585890,30939412,Posted: 4 April,all,Cynical Croissant,"Those who do not fancy reading, beware! You have entered the land of kinetic novels where gameplay plays (pun intended) no role. This specific novel packs beautiful art, fitting music and story that will keep you playing, I mean reading. The twist at the end is heavily hinted at and therefore hardly a surprise, but that fact doesn't make it any less disturbing. It may leave foul taste in your heart and visceral feeling of disgust thorough your body. This can be achieved through 3 hours of reading, which I consider to be a good amount of content for the 3 euros I paid for the game. Although I think it would still be wroth buying at its current price, 6 euros.Proceed at your own caution."
76561198032621014,Recommended,585890,33264746,Posted: 5 July,all,Steve,ಠ~ಠ
,Recommended,585890,33253063,Posted: 4 July,all,Blast My Chai,"Women arescary, don't go near them."
76561198026875702,Recommended,585890,33213869,Posted: 3 July,all,Jal-Thir,"Ok so first thing, this is a oretty good one if you like watching car crashes in slow motion. trying to not spoil too much here is my review:SHORT: fits together well, doesnt seem too far out realm of possibility, except maybe the monster part, i can see some shape or form of this going down. you can feel the character's feelings and also their soon to be uttter ruin.mechanics : a true linear VN, so... none, no branchng stories, just one well written one. in many ways this is good, it doesnt need to account for sudden changs or anything, so writercould focus on making just one really good story.art: has its own thing going, looks rough in a way, yet really not, word... but given the setting is one of uncertainty and ""something is off"", this fits very well.characters: the game excels here, the characters feel like they have actual personaties rather than just enough to fit story, that being said, the lack of length or sides to this story hinders this greatly, some interations feel likrthey needed more time, but maybe thats the point. the main character is a bit typical in a way, but the way they were written makes you able to feel the axiety and pressure of his situations.story: like i said, train/car wreck in slow motion, ready to ruin your own life? i sure am! its a bit interesting with the twist(s) at end, i really would like to see a second one, however its likely best to keep it one of those ""hey there is no continuation so just make it up in your head!"" deals.   Main character is a typical protag from VNs, however, they have enough depth where its not all entirely accidental as much as a lack of will, i feel many people will be able to relate in some way, especaly though with lower impulse control. the situations they get into are not completely unbaliveable/ cpincidence, you can see why thiings are being done, and in many places where it is going (untill the end, unless you really paid attention).bonus: yes there is sex, you filthy aimals. and yes its a main point of the VN so im not excluded from statement.overall: d say upper 20% of games, for those who like the ""x out of 10"" ill say : 8.7-9.3 depending on my mood, i always give fluxuating scores, im a bit of an indecisive person."
,Recommended,585890,33212516,Posted: 3 July,all,Lioo,"Wow, just wow...It's a very long time ago that a story had hit me that hard andleft me that speechless as in ""Sweetest Monster""...First of all it's a very well written VN and the plot twists almost killed me.It gets more and more disturbing and unsettling by every chapter you read...Especially the end of this VN left me with my mouth wide openas my brain slowly tries to get a grab about what just happened.I really love this short little thrilling, yandere themed Visual Novel!... Would buy it again at anytime!Believe me, that girl, really is a monster, but even more like the devil person!"
76561198009586772,Recommended,585890,33262502,Posted: 4 July,all,Moforkus,"This game...wow. Slow start...bit creepy. Not exactly normal horror...but i def think the protaganist counts as evil..(trust me you will get it at the end of the game). Only played 1.2 hours but figured out plot a bit early and verified via lets play videos...super twisted at the end..you may feel weird about it (the guy reviewing/playing the lets play sure as hell did).This game also has a slow burn to it...like things that happen don't always make sense right away, but when you figure out what is going on it makes things more terrible/horrifying (again not typical evil but def some psychological horror and other stuff *don't want to get too much into detail and ruin the story.Lets just say the overall story is well told, conveys evil and is pretty damn twisted. You will feel revulsion, possibly some terror and definitely some grotesque interest as the story unfolds and then at the end you will feel pretty terrible. lol quite the rollercoster ride...can't believe i am saying this but i still recommend the game.not for the faint of heart though..you were warned."
76561198152308686,Recommended,585890,33432577,Posted: 10 July,all,BRAVO2033,creepy and disturbing.
76561198035294703,Recommended,585890,33439196,Posted: 10 July,all,PUPH3AD,i dont think i have ever been wanting to be so wrong of my guesses while reading a story.. this VN left me slightly traumatised and scared..
76561198042473726,Recommended,585890,29803056,Posted: 9 February,all,Saint Rocco,"I admit, at first I was not sure what to make of the game - these sorts of ""stories"" have been popping up all over Steam lately. This, however, was a fantastic tale. Put me on the train with other reviewers who said it ended too soon. Yes, there is some nudity to the story, but in the narrative, it isn't just thrown out there for a quick buck - it fits. I started reading intending to stop for the night, but didn't finish until the story returned to the main menu.I had suspicions up until the end, and then I nearly yelled aloud. Now if only I could forget so I could read it again!"
76561198070359418,Recommended,585890,29814780,Posted: 9 February,all,guitarzero57,"I've never felt particularly compelled to read VNs (and usually make fun of them for being rife with fanservice, appealing to weeb culture, etc.) until I saw a let's player do the opening chapter of Sweetest Monster recently. After enjoying the writing style of the opening scene, I decided to give it a go.This VN contains no dialogue choices and is basically a picture book but written in Python. Soundtrack is barebones, but sets the right mood for the scenes that transpire. Writing is pretty genre-saavy, and while some things may be cringy to read as someone who typically avoids VNs and H-games, I thoroughly enjoyed much of the dialogue and characterizations. I was not a huge fan of the sex scenes, but they definitely fit well into the story and could be considered ""necessary"" to the advancement of the plot.The whole story took me only ~2 hours to finish, but it was a very enjoyable, small scale psychological thriller/relationship drama. I'm feeling a Strong 6/Light 7 on this one."
76561198078045769,Recommended,585890,29809381,Posted: 9 February,all,Zekken,"This was my first VN and I loved it through and through, the story was intrenching.  Sweetest monster also had a great pace to it.  As it was my first VN it seemed to have ended rather suddenly, but I guess thats how it goes."
,Recommended,585890,29844112,Posted: 11 February,all,MaraviaX,"Even though I had some suspicions about the trajectory of the story as it unfolded, the plot twist struck just as hard as the one in the Sixth Sense. I yelled “No $^#^ing way” quite loud. This is probably one of the most depraved visual novels I've ever read. And because of that, it is one of the most memorable. I’m most likely going to be thinking about this one for the rest of the evening, and probably much longer. Per the Author's notes, it was their goal to make the reader feel uncomfortable. They succeeded. That's not a bad thing though. There is a reason I own everything ebi-hime has written that is available on Steam.  Most of the works are not very long, but they always leave a lasting impression.10/10"
,Recommended,585890,29803874,Posted: 9 February,all,Beckyboodaboo,"Want a VN that can mess your mind and make you rewind the story to wrap your head around it? Buy this. It will, most definitely, mess with your head. If you are a fan of slow built small thrillers, Sweetest Monster will be worth your time"
,Recommended,585890,29849608,Posted: 11 February,all,suksas,"An interesting VN. With quite a story.There is nothing else though, as the only gameplay involved is pressing a button to continue the story.Still I would higly recomend for story alone.And yes this has uncensored sex and nudity, but it isn't graphic in pictures and more of the reading about the expirience."
76561198210437765,Recommended,585890,31327655,Posted: 23 April,all,angrystomach,I saw the twist coming but still enjoyed seeing it play out. Usually don't go for option free VNs but this one had good writing and the sense of dread it creates was worth it. Recommend it for the experience. Don't spoil it for yourself even if you think you know what goes down-trust me!
,Recommended,585890,31496265,Posted: 1 May,all,FushigiMigi,"This was awesome. Reminded me of some of the darkness of Saya No Uta. This story does a good job of not being too fanservicey verus telling a unique disturbing story that will get you excited in a ""yay, not another typical story"" high feeling. I appreciated the extra menu section after finishing the story to get a perspective on where the author was coming from while writing it. She has a decent understanding in why people say the things that they do and not just that they say them and it sounds good (this makes the characters more believable). I did get bored and did some speed reading through some of the conversations that seemed typical and predicatble, but for some people, it may be neccessary to have these conversations in order to contrast the other areas of the story that are not predictable (suspense and unexpectedness)."
,Recommended,585890,31496284,Posted: 1 May,all,the_arioch,"This story leaves a strange aftertaste of being ""not enough"", ""not quite there"". A swing for a dollar and a hit for a nickel.Last time i felt it was with the ""Eternity she wished for"". It is not the thing you drop out in the middle and forget next day. It has ""it"". But it has it ""not enough"" to be suggested or told about.That also means if you read the ""Eternity"" and enjoyed it and it left you with nothing like that ""reader's remorse"", that perhaps this story would be a smooth ride with you too. And if you read the latter and then wished you would not, then perhaps you skip this one too.It is not that their plots are similar or anything, it is just the same irrational ""Oh, it could be a perfect story, if it only would"" feelign they both leave in me.It frankly is not easy to describe the feelings without goinf into details, and details would be spoilers. So, i guess this review would seem biased and unsibstantiated, and perhaps it is.1. If the author's point was to unnerve the reader by making a micro Summer Days, by submerging him into ""some games hurt"" - then it was reached, absolutly. Though, my personal uncanny valley started with ""the family that still may be rescued"" emotional chasm, not the fan-service culmination itself. So, i kind of was untouched by the scene that was planned as the most shocking and cruel.2. Let me say, the story was too short for all the content the author tried to squeeze into it. It is a ""constructed"" story, ratehr than ""born"" one. It feels like when one developes One Great Plan and then when some narrative starts flowing from it he jsut squeezes it into ""what it must be"".It kind of works. Kind of. Because some natural sincirity gets lost in those hard work hours. Chekov's guns are way too exposed, without any lampshading. Tolstoy syndrome happens here and there: crucial events are getting happening not out of natural development, but because the point in the One True Plot had to be proven and ends jsutify means.That very ""willing suspencion of disbelief"" was burst a bit too often, and when the athor tried hastily to knot few threads together, he/she left their ends standing out.Maybe one day the author would dare to make 3-4 times longer the story over those ideas, so the bines would get overed by some curvy flesh, dunno. As of now, sorry, to me this story feels like ""Oh, those fair people did so try to make this journey pleasant for us, it is a shame we ere less happy than their efforts were worth. Though i know 3-4 times more would be much more exhaustive, and perhaps much less on ROI scale, and the plot with get more and mroe runaway tendency as the character would be getting the breathe of their own. So, it is veeery easy to me to make suggestions like that investing nothing.Just, this story does have a potential, but not in this short form where it became too much obviousy ""constructed"".If it was not worth notincing, ig it was just ""an obvious miss and nothing to talk about"" that would make it mmuch less complicated :-D3. And my personal thing, damn it, when the same team makes text and background graphics, when they are not best matches copypasted from chans or devianart, then why they do contradict one another? sigh... Perhaps i should not be even noticing those discrepancies, but... that willing suspension of mine, it was all like an old tire not patched enough....OTOH, i was noticing picture mismatches even in Ame no Marginal. So perhaps i am just a picky reader and this time i pick on Ebi-hime, having nothign better to do :-D"
,Recommended,585890,32743840,Posted: 24 June,all,４９ジ,"I came in expecting another Sakura Fanservice VN and went out with a cool story, good characters and a great developer!The story is great (a bit too short) and the characters are enjoyable.What made me love this developer in particular were the Author's Notes.Definetly recommend this VN and other VNs from this developer more than Sakura XXXXXXX things that come out!"
76561198018564413,Recommended,585890,33558172,Posted: 15 July,all,jomaley,"I brought this VN as a part of the Ebi-Hime bundle and completed it in about 4 hours. All i can say was i was pleasantly surprised by it, especially with the creepy / unnerving story and unexpected Plot Twist/s.Overall, it was a enjoyable read for the price and i even purchased the OST to boot.Interesting to see a story / plot outside of the mainsteam trends8/10"
,Recommended,585890,33544602,Posted: 14 July,all,FelixAtreyu,"Let me just start by saying this is very different than what I'm used to from ebi-hime, which isn't a bad thing by any means, it was actually super refreshing for me because I had gotten used to patterns in other works by them and it got to the point where I kind of had expectations for every subsequent title I played. So this game did well in not really setting up a ton of that. I didn't feel like I already knew the story or that I had an idea of where the characters were going to end up from too early on when, ideally, I shouldn't know that kind of information just yet.For anyone who has played Asphyxia, Empty Horizons, Strawberry Vinegar, ect.. this story doesn't have quite the same feel and so the usual quirks you'd expect from those titles won't really be around either, aside from a few references to romantic poets and such. For example, the male character isn't very feminine in the slightest, which is a distinct change and I must commend ebi-hime for that. Not that feminine males are a bad thing, it just seems as if that was something they felt they struggled with in the past and I think they managed to really nail a neutral or more masculine guy in this story.To accompany some changes in quirks and writing style, the art style is different and it works for this tale. I'm not quite sure what I would feel if I were playing this game and it had Silly Selly's art in it. It would certainly be interesting, but I've come to recognize them more for heartwrenching adorableness, purity, or melancholia than something very eerie, disturbing, or explicitly sexual in any way.Onto the story itself, I feel it accomplished exactly what the writer was going for. I both empathized with and was at times infuriated by certain characters exactly when I should have been and by the end I felt very unsettled when everything I didn't yet know finally revealed itself. And there was such a helpless feeling to it, too. I'm so used to having choices in these stories, but in this one.. there really is nothing you can do to change the outcome. There isn't supposed to be. It leaves a lasting impact and sometimes that's much better than having multiple endings where one can overshadow and perhaps even make you forget all the others.I would talk more on the characters, but personally I'm fearful of saying a little bit too much about them. They're probably best met during a playthrough rather than in a review, especially since there are so few of them in this story.Overall, the game is just delightfully upsetting. That's the best way to describe the experience in my opinion. If you enjoy messed up stuff and you're good with visual novels, I'd definitely recommend giving this one a go. Similarly, if you're already a fan of ebi-hime's work, I'd also recommend it as long as a change in formula doesn't turn you off."
76561198274525216,Recommended,585890,33706939,Posted: 21 July,all,zankokun,"Such intresting story, but short as well."
,Recommended,585890,33302699,Posted: 5 July,all,Eternal Syn,"Just finished the VN(this was my first) and it took me about 2.5-3 hours, fell asleep at some point so tacked on a bit of extra time, though that's no knock against the novel itself. Overall I'd give it a 7 or 7.5. It starts off slow and innocent, with some charming moments sprinkled here and there but because of some questionable writing at points as well as flat out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ decision making on the part of the main character in the latter bits, the ending didn't really pull it up to an 8 for me. That said the ending was just W O W. I figured as much at some point but the full revelation still hit me like a truck, and the events immediately following it only add to the shock. I'd defintely recommend the game if you have a few bucks to spare, though if you're anything like me you may want to put it down around 60-75% of the way through because trust me when I say that the setup for the climax and the plot in it's entirety has a few weak spots. Again, I'd still recommend it but this isn't a must buy in my book.Some quick notes about the art and music:The art was quite well done, there was only one classroom shot I wasn't a fan of, the rest was great.The music did a good job of setting the atmosphere, albeit it was a little repetitive at times.My only gripe here was really the sound effects, they were played on a constant loop and often didn't match some of the scenery. The bridge footstep sound effect comes to mind especially, but this isn't a huge issue either way as you'll only hear them for a brief time."
76561198067725186,Recommended,585890,33725599,Posted: 22 July,all,hexagon,"Excellent.I had mistakenly thought this a story with a decision tree, but it truly is a visual novel. One path, one story.The writing is great, clearly this was well edited prior to release.Thanks for sharing your story, and making this ""game""."
,Recommended,585890,34363719,Posted: 19 August,all,Uru,Great story. Totally worth the two hours it'll take you to finish reading.
76561198026498963,Recommended,585890,34318654,Posted: 17 August,all,Best Girl,10/10 Great storyI can not explain in words how amazing this story is.
76561198144507776,Recommended,585890,34405725,Posted: 21 August,all,dr.dinomite,"I enjoyed the writing style of this game, and the art is fantastic. You can relate with the main charicter all the way though. You can really feel his strugle."
76561198059158300,Recommended,585890,34269580,Posted: 15 August,all,Twinkle Toes,i really enjoyed this VN i thought i had it figured out at first but i was wrong which made it even more interesting.  A short story with a very interesting cat girl. Good art and music to go with it too.
76561198149208409,Recommended,585890,34785318,Posted: 6 September,all,chuutoy,"So I have a lot of mIXED feelings about this game... it's made me incredibly uncomfortable at times and it was hard to get through the beginning because it's kind of boring and hard to finish it till the end. Since this visual novel is kinetic and there isn't any decision making; it's essentially like reading a book. With that being said, if there isn't going to be any decision making, I think this game needs to have more interesting events because it's too long for its story and I feel like there is a lot of unnecessary dialogue. However, it became a lot more interesting at the end of the game and the plot twist really surprised me. It's not a terrible game, I just think that there could be improvements made. If you like nekomemes, you'll probably enjoy this visual novel."
,Recommended,585890,34858650,Posted: 10 September,all,elemileTLDR,"As someone who has has Saya no Uta and Kana Imouto as some of his most treasured VNs, and who also has first hand dealt with... issues, I think this work was majestic. Thank you very much for the experience. I've also read Lily and I'm currently reading other pieces of the bunddle; count me as a fan."
,Recommended,585890,34889238,Posted: 11 September,all,Teru,"Great game with a good story. It takes the ""cute catgirl falls in love with the main character"" trope and turns it into something uncomfortable and horrific (which was the intention). This is a pure visual novel and there are no choices in game, but it didn't need any to tell the story. Even without choices, this game is interesting and unique. Reccommended if you like psychological horror."
,Recommended,585890,32712811,Posted: 23 June,all,Red Misanthropy,"I'll keep it short and straight to the point. This game is great, the story is great, and the soundtrack is great. Yes, it's a little on the short end but i'd prefer a short good story over a long boring story any day. Quality over quantity. If you like messed up VN's like Saya no Uta (Which i have yet to see be outdone) then you will enjoy this. The author does an excellent job of creating the atmosphere and feelings he intended and there isn't a single bad thing i can say about it. I finished this in 4.5 hours, one sitting. Well worth the $6. Not as much fanservice as in most, but unlike most VN the little fanservice there is actually plays a role in the story and isn't overtly ridiculous.Now, stop being hesitant and just buy this story. You won't regret it.... Unless you are new to this sort of thing and in that case i'd say this is one of the more approachable ones as compared to Saya no Uta. So buy it anyways and make that midway fap that you may or may not regret at the end.Stuck between ♥♥♥♥ing your daughter and your aunt's cat? Why not both?"
,Recommended,585890,35319367,Posted: 29 September,all,Minneyar,"I came here for the cute catgirl and stayed because I like being punched in the gut.More seriously, this little VN is short, but that's because it's succinct and doesn't waste time with meaningless padding.  It's a good story, and I won't give any details for fear of spoiling it, but it's one that will leave you a bit disturbed and introspective."
,Recommended,585890,35268497,Posted: 28 September,all,SexyLisGamer / CSGO500,7 / 10Good game.
76561198013020221,Recommended,585890,35284684,Posted: 28 September,all,Kjas,A considerate review will say nothing about the plot. So I will just say WOW!  Excellent writing!
,Recommended,585890,35198166,Posted: 25 September,all,MoonBright,"Okay. I both like and hate this Visual Novel.The writing is pretty consistent with most other VNs while having it's own style, and the artwork is good.However... this messed me up a little bit more than I usually am. It starts off with domestic problems, and that stuff stays throughout the story, and that's not even what got me.For any who are planning on getting this, be prepared to feel weird for the rest of the day. The author even states in the extras that it's meant to mess you up.And I guess for what it's worth, the game did what was intended, so I'm gonna give it a good vote."
,Recommended,585890,35413930,Posted: 2 October,all,Diamond Dash,"This is a great, short, sweet visual novel. If you enjoy a game with some messed up moral issues, definitely check this one out. Gotta say it's a fantastic story. Been playing the other VNs by this author, and they're also about as good. But this one hit home. Plus, nudity is just 👌"
,Not Recommended,585890,35460310,Posted: 3 October,all,evanater,i didn't know about the game before buying it i implore you all do not get this game as this is for a pedophile i read it to the end and never saw the daughter till i knew whyi warn you i'm uninstalling it and am scared to use it again if this isnt a free game DON'T USE YOUR MONEY!
,Recommended,585890,33408964,Posted: 9 July,all,[ＳＯＦＴ ＆ ＷＥＴ],"This VN may have had a slow start but i♥♥♥♥♥♥you not the end is well worth it, though its a bit short the quality is still pretty damn good. Overall i give this VN a 8/10 and is bound to go to my fav listThe plot twist was really something, guess not all families know each other well"
