user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,585840,32711670,Posted: 23 June,all,RoH,"One of the most relaxing games i've ever played. It's beautiful, it's cheap, it's full of love. Music is good - soundtrack is for free."
,Recommended,585840,31901766,Posted: 22 May,all,PatrickS,"Leaving Lyndow is a game about saying goodbye. Exploring the village where you have grown up, you're saying a last goodbye to your childhood and everyone in it before going on a trip to discover what the world has to offer.The game looks breathtaking and has an amazing scenery with a world that feels a bit odd but real at the same time. Although everything looks amazing and has great detail from up close, once you start to look a bit further (to the parts of the map you can't reach), they look a bit empty and rushed. However, some great music helps immersing yourself in the world, and the sound effects are great in general. While playing Leaving Lyndow, you interact with different objects, talk to people and find out more about Clara, the character you're playing and her relationship with everybody. However, these conversations can be a bit boring and feel unfinished.Now, Leaving Lyndow is a rather short game and can be completed in about 20-40 minutes. This makes it a bit expansive but still worth it if you like walking simulators and exploring. One of the reasons Leaving Lyndow is a bit expansive and on the short side, is because this game is getting used to fund and introduce the player to the game Eastshade. Eastshade will be a larger exploration game set in the same world. where you fill the shoes of a traveling painter.I do recommend Leaving Lyndow, especially if you're looking forward to Eastshade and like walking simulators. Keep in mind, the game is short and a bit expansive, so waiting for a sale might be a good option as well. Overall a great game, with some fantastic looking locations and great details."
,Recommended,585840,30895082,Posted: 2 April,all,Jasperline,"Incredibly short (I spent time screenshotting, wandering and getting lost in scenery) Most people have it done in about half an hour or so (I had to go back for 2 hidden achievements I didn't see before).It's a walking simulator with a few mini-games that are about a girl saying good-bye before joining an expedition on the sea.No replayability, but decent story. Gorgeous graphics for those who like to screenshot scenery. Some Heartfelt moments. I enjoyed myself and the journey."
,Recommended,585840,32486726,Posted: 16 June,all,Nuuskiss,"Peaceful and intelligent short story about maturation and change of life. Being a walking simulator Leaving Lyndow is basically about watching beautifully crafted and detailed landscapes but also has a pair cool mini games to spent some time with.The whole setting is just awesome and the ambient music makes it perfect.  Only thing which might not be in line with the rest of the pattern, is crude and hideous looking NPCs, but this did not spoil the game experience at all - in fact it was more an advantage because one ugly detail in masterpiece can make it even more rememberable. As long as it lasted the game had a really positive and calming impact on my mind. While the features might not offer much replayability and the game resembles more a proof of technological talent - I am surely gonna visit in the village of Lyndow once more some day.Easily worth of the price when on sale."
,Not Recommended,585840,32840275,Posted: 26 June,all,Shining_Falcon,"Simple concept with a nice atmosphere. But not for everyone.Pros:Short LengthAtmosphere and WorldA taste of what the full game (Eastshade) might be.Cons (or Meh Points):Very simple and short game.Don't like the interaction with the characters. Clunky and feels like an old Unreal engine game.I am still not sure what Eastshade is going to be. I've seen the trailer, but apart from painting, I have yet to see the unique appeal.Not much narrative seen. I generally like a narrative hook. Leaving an island to go on an adventure is a bit too straightforward and fails to provide a glimpse of what's next. Apart from one short dream sequence, I don't see much depth to it.Summary:A lovely effort and certainly diferrent than the usual approach (A small game instead of a kickstarter or demo). However, without a goal or an image of where it's going, I cannot recommend this game YET. Once I have seen more development blogs and gameplay videos, I may change my mind. But for now, I'm giving this a pass.Thanks for Reading.Shining_FalconSimilar Game Recommendations (On Steam):Dear Esther- (Landmark Edition Available) - Equally short, but the narrative and mystery hook helps.Gone Home- Smaller location but that concentrates the story and exploration into a solid meaning and goal.Any other Brilliant game on with the tag ""Walking Simulator.""- There's a lot of them. And most of them are better than you'd think."
,Recommended,585840,29786103,Posted: 8 February,all,₹GemmaFaye₹,"||  8.0  ||ScoreCommentGraphics9When it comes down to the graphics in this game i have to say i am in awe, The clean and crisp detail in the game really bring the world to life. Each area of the game has it's own overall beauty and atmosphere to it, Making each area you travel to unique and a pleasure to visitAudio8The music in this game is very fitting to the world that has been created, The audio tracks give you a sense of tranquility as you spend you time exploring the areas and talking to the people of the island. Phoenix Glendinning has done a great job with the soundtrack.Gameplay8Leaving Lyndow is a pleasure to play, It is not a perfect game but for me comes pretty close. While the controls are basic this is the type of game that does not require anything complicated. In each area of the game you have different things to find, Interact with or people to talk to, Once all of these things have been found/interacted with your can move onto another part of the island.Story8The story of leaving Lyndow is a very short but in-depth experiance. Talking to the residents of the island you get a great sense of Clara and who she is and what impact she has made of herself with the residents of the island. When it comes to the story of this game i hope that the character we have been presented with will become a major part of  Eastshade Studios upcoming game Eastshade.With everything said i would like to say what has been created here while only a short experiance gives me a lot of hope in the future with any games that are created by Eastshade Studios.If you would like to take some time and check them out please take a look at the following.http://eastshade.com/eastshade"
,Not Recommended,585840,29830133,Posted: 10 February,all,fiftydwarves,"I'm sorry for being blunt, but this game sucks.Not because it's short - it did take me 38 minutes to beat it, but those minutes could have been filled with wonders and awe - they just aren't.Not because it's pretty - and it is, immensely, and even the atrociously modelled npcs can't change that.Not because it has a good concept - and it does, it's a prime material for a nice bittersweet slice of life thing.But in the end it all falls flat because of its lazy uninspired writing. The few conversations there are are boring, the single conflict of the game is superficial, there's not enough backstory to justify even its meagre length, the dialogue choices are strange and make protagonist look slightly sociopathic, and there's nothing impressive in the wording overall.It's really strange to release such a thing as a prelude to a bigger project, because it sort of says everything about the quaity these people can produce - and it by no means good.So if you value the story or emotional involvement, street clear, this is hardly the droid you're looking for. But if you want some cheap screenshot material, then by all means, go for it. Except you probably already own at least ten games that can be used for the same purpose. And they most probably offer something fun in return, you know, like games really should."
,Recommended,585840,31601992,Posted: 7 May,all,CorvusCorax,"A short, but memorable journey we take by controlling Clara, a girl who is about to set sail and leave her homeland for a couple of years in order to follow her dream to become an explorer.Now, this is a walking sim (a.k.a. first person exploration game) which means the road to the endgame is short. The game can be completed in 20 minutes or so. Still, the ride is enjoyable and if you are a screenshot aficionado like myself you'll take some shots once you reach the docks or find the throng of bloomsac's on the farm of Clara's uncle. During the game you interact with objects, talk to people and collect some items needed to be able to continue to the next area.Beside the quicklauncher nothing tells you that this is a typical Unity-based game as it runs smoothly; you never get the feeling of seeing reused assets. And while you stop to look at the great vistas the game has to offer it is all accompanied by some of the greatest soundtrack I have recently heard in videogames.Thumbs up, Eastshade! Looking forward to your future (hopefully much longer) projects!"
76561198085734283,Recommended,585840,31195457,Posted: 17 April,all,z.duartepereira,"Short game, linear story, very nice graphics. I recommend it very much. Thumbs up!!!"
,Recommended,585840,29855573,Posted: 11 February,all,Mitte,"Beautiful short game that i highly suggest you to take your time to play through.I myself took some time just to look at details, and i recommend you do it to.And i hope EASTSHADE STUDIOS LLC will make a longer game where the story evolves around this game.Pros and consPros:-Stunning graphics-Smal easy task you have to complete to continue-Cute details-Easy achievements-Could be the start of a big adventure gameCons:-Only 20 minutes of gameplay"
,Recommended,585840,31097144,Posted: 12 April,all,MW2K,"Wait until this game is on sale. It's far too short to warrant paying full price (IMHO)The goodPretty outdoor environmentsIntriguing world - would love to see more of it, know its history, etcEasy to get a perfect game if that's your thingIt has a few adventure game elements, so not quite a walking simulatorThe badWay too shortZero replay valueSome difficulties rebinding keys"
,Recommended,585840,30044618,Posted: 19 February,all,LCG,"Leaving Lyndow is apparently the prologue to a much larger, more expansive game by Eastshade Studios.  It tells the story of Clara, our protagonist, before she steps off on a journey with a Maritime Research Guild.Before going much further, I have done aLeaving Lyndow: Let's Play, Full Playthroughfor this game, and it is available on YouTube.In this game, you essentially have 4 settings that you can explore - a small forested area behind Clara's home, her Uncle's farm, a Teahouse, and the dock/port area of Lyndow.  Each area has people and items that you can interact with, a small mini-game of sorts, and criteria you must meet before proceeding to the next.  Ultimately, it feels like a paid demo in order to help fund further development - which is fine!  The developers are very up front about what you're getting when you pay for the game, so don't expect a massive, expansive project with thousands of quests available.The graphics are pretty phenominal, and the attention to detail is absolutely on point.  The dots are all connected in the storyline, you meet the characters who have influenced Clara in her life, and you have a good grasp for how everyone in the town feels about her stepping off on her voyage by the end.  I hope that this persists through the completion of the final Eastshade game.With all of that being said,► This game IS a walking simulator.► It IS a virtual world book.► It IS an introduction to the lore of Eastshade!► This game is NOT a massive RPG.► It does NOT include combat.► It does NOT feature hunger or any other major game mechanics!I'm happy with the purchase, and am happy to be exposed to this game.  If you'd like a paid teaser of what to expect from Eastshade Studios in the future, this is a step in the right direction!"
,Recommended,585840,30925882,Posted: 3 April,all,Korraspoopalami,"Short, peaceful, sweet little experience targeted towards lovers of walking simulators and visual stories. If that's your thing, then so is this. If that's not your thing, then neither is this. But regarding what it aims to be, Leaving Lyndow is a brilliant little introductory prologue-type experience, with peaceful surroundings and a short but lovely storyline that I'd definitely recommend to those who enjoy this style of game."
,Recommended,585840,33463655,Posted: 11 July,all,DINNYFORST,"Leaving Lyndow is very short story of Clara, a graduate student who finally becomes a member of expedition guild. She needs to prepare her stuffs and say goodbye to everyone before leaving Lyndow.The game set in a small part of Eastshade universe which being developed. Semi-realistic alternative world, unique character design and architecture with beautiful soundtracks. Each area allows you to explore and interact with people and object to understand Clara’s backstory. The game also delivers sensation of being mature and accepts the change of life.Although, there are few interaction and some areas have high contrast lighting (well, at least for me). Leaving Lyndow feels like a prologue of main journey in Eastshade. Demand you for more of world exploration and Clara’s journey. It left a bitter taste in my mouth, but somehow felt warmth and relax from inside.I recommend to anyone who love interactive and exploration first person or grab product on sale if you feel uncomfortable with its content. Plus, you get eight relaxing soundtracks for free.You can follow the news of Eastshade from here:http://www.eastshade.com/"
,Not Recommended,585840,30080718,Posted: 21 February,all,EdenCrow,"Leaving Lyndow follows Clara as she says her goodbyes before heading out on her first maritime expedition. Set within a fantasy world, the game allows the player to visit a handful of different locations within the titular village of Lyndow, starting at Clara’s home and finishing at the port where she is to board the ship to take her off on her journey. At each she must talk to a couple of characters and complete a task before moving onto the next area. The idea behind this is to give the player a connection to the character, but this never materialises.The people she talks to are simply stereotypes: a supportive Mother, a worried Uncle, a jealous friend. They have no depth to their personalities, and the conversations you have with them are dull uninspired fluff. There are a couple of dialogue options occasionally, which should be able to reflect both Clara’s identity and her relationship with those that she converses with, but these also never display enough complexity to describe anything more than the surface level events that unfold.The tasks you must complete are a chore, one without any enjoyment or reward and simply seem to be a roadblock to progress as opposed to part of the experience. Take, for example, Clara’s first objective: to pack her suitcase. In order to do this the player must simply walk around the house and pick up the items, using a very easy to find key to unlock the attic to find one of them. There is no challenge in doing this as the items are highlighted, and no story or emotion truly portrayed in what is found or the exploration required to achieve these findings.There may have been some redemption to these problems if the environment was at least interesting, but that too is rather devoid of any real meaning and feels simply empty. It is nice to look at though, with some work obviously having gone into building some-sort of semi-believable world. This is perhaps the games only redeemable feature and still it does not hit the mark in this department.Leaving Lyndow’s aim is to act as a taster for Eastshade, still currently in development, which follows a different story set within the same world. I believe this means that there is still some potential for the full project, but only if the world-building can become more fleshed out and the events that play out within it ones that are miles more engaging and meaningful than what is on offer here."
76561197994703250,Not Recommended,585840,32565141,Posted: 19 June,all,rastilin,"It's very pretty, but that's it. That the NPCs are flat and creepy looking, the strange dialogue options (what little there is) have already been mentioned by other reviewers. The ultra slow walking pace that slows down even further when you go diagonally (why?, it's not a competiton, just walk quickly) will also start to get to you.The most annoying thing though, is the mandatory music tone puzzle. Those things aren't fun in Resident Evil, they're not fun here."
,Recommended,585840,34247222,Posted: 14 August,all,IFIYGD,"8/10 - worth a buy on sale for a relaxing, very short, TINY Indie studio first offering.Straying a bit from my tyrpical review style, just to make it a shorter read, and my personl impressions. Not going to do the usual Pros. and Cons. thing here.Leaving Lyndow is a beautiful little walking sim. It is a walking sim, with some short minigame and dialog interactions needed for achievements. Feels a bit like a Tech Demo, but a more complete experience than the average (crap) Tech Demo. This has some good qualities, and some things that ened some work. Rather than go into detail about the studio and their intentions with this game, and their planned open world game set in the same gameworld... here are links to their website, that cover it all. Read it if you actually want to know more about the title, the studio, and the stories behind both:http://www.eastshade.com/leaving-lyndow/http://www.eastshade.com/leaving-lyndow-postmortem/So, it is the same 45 minute playthrough as the devs advertise. Longer f you miss achievements and need to playthrough again to get the. Areas are o locked off one you leave them, so, yes, if you leave the forest and go to the teamaker, you wil need to play from the start again to get both achievements if you missed one. Which isn;t bad, considering it is so short. But being so short, it feels a bit shallow, and lacking in choices with cnsequences, the maps feel tiny, and it leaves you wishing there was more. Sounds bad? No, it isn't meant that way. It is a nice first showing from a really small studio, that makes me hope the studio can expand and build on the beautiful world they created for this short prologue for the big game they plan. I was not overwhelmed with this game, but I do now see the potential for ""Eastshade"", and hope it reaches it and is released to an eager audience.Nothing terribly new or overly excitiing in thsi title, but it was quite a pleasnat experience, very relaxing, very peaceful. Not a ton of replayability, but as a tester for the dev to see how people react to the style and the mechanics and methods he uses, it is a good little offering for short play fans, who want something beautiful and quiet to walk through, to relax and play music on pipes, or have fun swirling beads around.I enjoyed it, and do recommend it, but on sale. The $4 is not high, but 45 minutes to 1 hour for a full, slow playthrough makes a sale purchase feel better. I am really looking forward to seeing what Danny does with the ""big"" game, and wish him great success, if he can build this up, fill it in, and flesh it out more. Good start. I truly hope he can keep expanding and making it better."
,Recommended,585840,29794579,Posted: 8 February,all,Whelly,"I'm a huge fan of exploration games, and this one might be one of the most polished ones on Steam, especially for an indie game. If you're a fan of point and click adventure games, I can't see any reason why you wouldn't love Leaving Lyndow. The story is nostalgic and thought-provoking, and the music is gorgeous and adds to the sense of immersion. Definitely worth the $4 if you're a fan of these types of games. It's short, but I also really like short, sweet experiences, so take that into account before buying."
,Recommended,585840,29954074,Posted: 15 February,all,Ladyy Yennefer,Leaving Lyndow is a gorgeous 1hr preview of a larger project currently in development. Basically a young scientist in a science exploration guild explores an island called Eastshade. There are more details at the official site:http://www.eastshade.com/
,Recommended,585840,31085660,Posted: 11 April,all,rogermorse@tablet,"This game is a little gem. First of all, the price is totally accessible and this should be of example to all other indie developers, which sometimes release money-grabbing games with no soul. This game is very short, true (about one hour, a bit longer if you want to take it slow), but is really cute, touching and immersive and very well executed. Also, the game completely supports 21:9, it has a FOV slider in the settings, runs perfectly smooth (100fps almost steady) at 3440x1440....well, it is really a technical marvel in that sense and it has also very nice graphics, not even AAA games manage to hit the right notes like this game did, and for only 2 euros....I will not say too much about the game given its simplicity and duration. You are embarking yourself soon and you are going to leave the village in which you grew up, you will face people and locations before leaving. It is obviously a 'walking simulator', there is no inventory, practically no real puzzles, very basic interactions with the environment and NPCs, it's just a matter of living the moment narrated in the game and appreciating it.Totally recommended for those who like this kind of game."
,Recommended,585840,30628186,Posted: 19 March,all,Nadia,"I am a fan of calm, low-key games, so it was not surprising I enjoyed this.It's very beautiful, for one thing, and very calm for another--low-stress, relaxing.I like the small insights into characters and surroundings that are worked throughout the game and its setting.I really really enjoy the way Leaving Lyndow incorporates its worldbuilding, mostly through not talking about it at all. The sky is beautiful and alien, and fascinating, and the world as a whole feels like such an odd mix of cozy, familiar, and entirely unfamiliar in its people, its skies, even some of its plants.I'd love to play a longer game of any kind in this setting. I'm so curious about the world and the people living in it, their culture, about the view of the sky, the atmosphere, the unseen fauna, the flora.But I think Leaving Lyndow works very well just standing on its own, as a pre-adventure adventure, talking to people, wandering, pondering.Recommended if you like ""walking sims,"" and calm, thoughtful, exploratory games. Not sure how it might appeal to someone who normally doesn't like those kinds of games though."
,Recommended,585840,29882424,Posted: 12 February,all,Doom3 pa1ner,Pros:- Cheap (you get also soundtrack in FLAC);- Music;- Graphics;- Adventure;- Easy achivements (all in one hour).Cons:- Short (100% in one hour);- Poor optimization (fps drops on my gtx 1070 sometimes);- Easy achivements.After all I do not recommend this game if you do not love walking simulator. If you do you should buy this and enjoy nice free soundtrack. It is nothing new in this game but all what this game have is solid.Note:7/10 for very nice price.
,Not Recommended,585840,33195460,Posted: 3 July,all,Aristoi,"Leaving Lyndow is a short, narratively simple walking simulator that seems to be introducing a broader world, ""Eastshade"".  On the good side, the landscapes are generally pretty, the music is fitting, and the design aesthetic as seen in the buildings is very nice in an elvish sort of way.On the down side, it is short (I was done in 41 minutes), and there is essentially no story.  This is no The Vanishing of Ethan Carter or Dear Esther.  The character models and animations were also poor and jarring, especially in relation to the static models.This is not a bad game for a short distraction.  It is obviously a labor of love.  I would have dearly liked to have had more story, and more interesting things to learn."
76561198055300594,Recommended,585840,30383217,Posted: 7 March,all,wanderllust,Enchanting. Absolutely loved it.
,Recommended,585840,34015799,Posted: 4 August,all,MacDrozzi,"A leisurely stroll in a beautiful environment.Interactions are limited, achievements are easily achieved, story is light, and that's ok.As some reviews have mentioned or implied, feels like a demo for a bigger game in the world of Eastshade.I look forward to it.Also, getting high on tea, ha!  Tea-rrific!"
76561198047266382,Recommended,585840,29818118,Posted: 9 February,all,[GC]SpiritWolf,"Basic Breakdown: Leaving Lyndow, is a game developed and published byEastshade Studios LLCabout a girl named Clara leaving her old life and hometown to set out on her adventures. With high honors, she's graduated and fulfilled her childhood dream of joining the Guild of Maritime Exploration, this brings mixed responces from those who care about her.With Clara leaving the nest, you walk through and piece things together about the life in which she has led.With that been said, it is a walking simulator to relax and drift into someones elses adventure. The atmosphere, music and detail in the game make it very easy to do so.Within this little gem holds a couple of mini games just to immerse you further into this person, re-living, saying goodbye, and cherishing the past that has brought her to this very point.The way in which you talk to the people whom she knows, such as her Uncle, is extremely realistic and really makes you feel what these characters might be feeling, too. Props to the developers for capturing this all so well.Graphics: First thing that attracted me to this game was how pretty it was. The texture detail, detail in physics and enviroments are stunning. Absolutely love them.Soundtrack: Bascally one or two tracks in the entire game with mild variations, but it does it in such a way that it's relaxing and in tune with the atmosphere of the game. It works really well and doesn't feel repeative even after an hour or so of playing.Menu: Simple, works well and ties into the aesthetic of the game.Final Conclusion: Hurray for steam greenlight making games like this possible!This is a gorgeous little gem to lose yourself within for about an hour. It's all piecing together someones life and being in their shoes when leaving their long time home, family and friends. While it's very short, it does exrtemely well in conveying it's story. Graphics are fantastic, level of detail is supurb and I'm so very happy this treasure is on steam and that I could expereance this.*Secret Achievments*You'll undoubtablly get these through playing at your own pace, but, if you're a little stuck, here's what you have to do.Master of the BeadsPlay with the beads for five minutesTea EnthusiastGet boycotted by the tea brewerDo this by having more tea than is probably healthySongs of the ForestPlay the chimes for five minutes"
76561197962044945,Recommended,585840,30466899,Posted: 12 March,all,Doc Angelo,"I enjoyed the game. It was rather short, but had some really beautiful moments."
76561198047457329,Recommended,585840,29797451,Posted: 9 February,all,Sunkist,"This game is an amazing experience. The art, the music, the story, everything was superb. It's perfect if you have an hour to kill and want to relax and enjoy this mysterious and gorgeous world."
76561198093215211,Not Recommended,585840,29805467,Posted: 9 February,all,Robertson Crusoe,"While the game looks pretty and the architecture is nice, there is too much wrong with the game in my opinion.TL;DR: You leave Lyndow and say goodbye to everybody. While you do that, you dwell in nostalgia and play some mini-games. Nothing remarkable or memorable will happen and when the story ends where it should begin, leaving you without any feeling of completion. The game is a playable teaser, a paid demo and such things are usually free of charge. Thus, I cannot recommend this game.Hearts:💘 Great color palettes💘 Calming background music💘 Pretty enviroment💘 Fun mini-gamesBroken hearts:💔 Monotonous dialogues. Every person has exactly one emotion about the protagonist. The mother is proud, the uncle is mad and so on. Thus, the dialogue is extremely meaningless after each character spoke his or her first sentence. Because you will know, where the dialogue is heading (because it is already there) and nothing will surprise you.💔 While many parts of the world looked pretty, others did not. Not at all. Whenever you take a look out of a window or try to spy into the distance, the world around you is shallow and empty.💔 There is an option to turn up the FOV, but when I turned it to 90, the vision made me sick. I had to put it back to its default value and it still felt like I was staring through a weird lense.💔 I knew that the game would be short, but not like this. I don't mind that I finished it in about 35 Minutes, IF I had finished something. There problem here is, that the game is called ""Leaving Lyndow"", so I already know what will happen and there is no real story in between. I say goodbye to people and than board a ship. That is no story. That is not complete. In fact, this could be a demo for an actual exploration game. A demo, that is exactly what it feels like. But you do not charge 4 bucks for a demo.💔 The characters. You know, that might sound picky but why do you use creepy gnome-people that have eyes like demons for a relaxing, calming exploration game? I really do not get it.Minor heartbreaks:💔 Since this is a medival kind fantasy world, people should not use the word ""cool"" like we do. Also, they should not draw hearts like this ""<3"" in a handwritten note. Or do they actually have access to the internet?💔 The underwater dream scene was extremely slow. So slow that it began to hurt, which is not calming, nor relaxing.💔 In the end, when I walked down the stairs to get to the ship, I got blown into the air for no apparent reason. Might have been a minor bug.💔 I feel like even though I maxed all the settings, the visuals do not look like the ones on the steam store page."
,Not Recommended,585840,29792522,Posted: 8 February,all,Fay,"UPDATED for brevityIntroduction:Leaving Lyndow is a walking simulator with some RPG elements. There are some limited interactions with the environment and you can choose answers in the handful of dialogues. It's not a full game, more like a small prologue chapter. I can’t stress enough how small this game is, there are only 5 small areas.I have to assume this is merely a teaser for their open-world game called Eastshade that the developer is working on. I feel this should've been clarified in the description as they make it seem like a full short story when in actuality it's an incomplete part of a bigger story.Let’s dive into the pros and cons:Pros:It’s a relatable world and could easily be set in the real world if it weren’t for the people.I like the mini-games.Being able to choose your own answers during conversations is nice.I like the attention to details within each area.There’s a lot of potential here.Cons:Extremely short game, one of the shortest games I’ve ever played. Not a full story yet.Slow walking. I personally don’t mind this because I like walking simulators but for a lot of people this might be a Con.Some of the ambient sounds are bad; The birds in the forest sound like they’re inside in an echoing room and the background conversations in the pub sound forced and unrealistic like it was made in a studio which is jarring in regards to immersion.The field of vision is really weird in this game. I tend to set my FoV to 90 in most games but I had to return it to the default 80. The game was designed for 80 FoV, any other setting makes it look distorted and skewed.The people are really creepy, kind of demonic, this might scare really young children (think 5-6) so this might be a con for some parents.Conclusion:I have to give this game a negative, not because it's awful but because they didn't describe it properly on Steam. I feel this is misleading and false advertisment so I'm leaving this review negative until it's clarified."
,Recommended,585840,30186566,Posted: 25 February,all,Markefus,Peaceful and lovely game.
,Recommended,585840,29911011,Posted: 13 February,all,Killian,Fun short game.
,Recommended,585840,29910910,Posted: 13 February,all,souphater,"I found about this game by reading a short yet sweet review on Kotaku and so decided to buy it and try it out. Sitting down on my bed with something to eat next to me and the mouse in my right hand, that was one hour well spent. I took my time with discovering the 5 places that you can visit and tried to try talk to everyone and to look at every detail that the player can interact with. It was a sad yet also beautiful experience.... finding a poem that was written by a former lover, talking to your uncle that didn't want you to leave, trying out some very weird blends of tea, composing some music... lots of small things that made this lil' adventure feel very personal and close to my heart. Also the peaceful & beautiful music helped as well to set the atmosphere. Also the visuals... wherever you look, the game just looks beautiful and you can feel that the developers poured a lot of love and creativity into this game. The experience of playing Leaving Lyndow and afterwards being able to listen to the soundtrack as often as you like, certainly made buying the game worth it."
,Recommended,585840,32469508,Posted: 16 June,all,Fire 'Phoenix,Simple as possible..this game is what you call beautiful to the maximum!I rate this game11 out of 10.
,Recommended,585840,29819702,Posted: 10 February,all,Schtee,"Short intro to a larger, upcoming game. The use of language is weird and anachronistic ('<3' and 'cool' in a medieval-y world), but the dialogue seems pretty inconsequential, so wasn't a particular concern for me. This became a condensed version of what I enjoyed in Skyrim - finding something pretty, having a poke around in it, and moving on. Worth the tiny asking price to be briefly immersed in something nice."
,Recommended,585840,34248308,Posted: 14 August,all,ryanpagella,"I picked up this game because the screencaps immediately warped me to another world. I knew it would be a short story game, so I knew what I was signing up for. The game is as beautiful as the screencaps display it. The story resonates with anyone making a big life change, embarking on a new life journey, and most importantly -- Saying goodbye and not knowing when you will see your loved ones again. Whether it be going to college, making a big move, make a career change, leaving someone after long relationship, or even as simple as leaving your pet home as you go to work -- Saying goodbye is hard, and this game fully encaptures it with it's story-telling, graphic design and soundtrack which tugs at your heartstrings."
76561198348749290,Recommended,585840,34255801,Posted: 15 August,all,StormBaron3,"Very good game, optimistion is good as well. The only con to the game is that the chimes puzzle is fairly hard to get past. I had to look up how to do it. Maybe if the chimes had the arrow keys and letters above them it would be easier.Its a fairly short game as well but will probably take about a hour to complete.8/10"
76561198088968416,Recommended,585840,34358094,Posted: 19 August,all,VladontheTracks,"I started playing walking simulators recently. This is a fascinating genre of game, or ""game,"" unlike any other game experience. They do unexpected things to you, psychologically -- somehow they can be much more effective than it seems like they have any right to be.  Leaving Lyndow is a short game about leaving home.  There's almost nothing to it -- far less story or substance than, say, Firewatch. And yet I was tearing up at the end, and didn't want to leave. I kept looking back, wanting to stay. How remarkable, and how worth the little bit of money the gamemakers ask."
,Recommended,585840,35071907,Posted: 19 September,all,Moonimmo,Very beautiful and relaxing game.
,Recommended,585840,33936900,Posted: 31 July,all,Aríllae,"Leaving Lyndow is a really pretty point and click, walking simulator type game. The artwork is so colourful and the environments are beautiful, complimented by a minimal but melodic soundtrack.There are a couple of little puzzles/challenges that fit nicely into the game and story as well as seven Steam achievements that are easily doable. The story is short and sweet, much like the game itself, and is told mainly through a series of interactions with people and objects that never feel superfluous.Overall it is a relaxing game, offering about an hour/hour and a half of gameplay for just a few quid - would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,585840,32168972,Posted: 3 June,all,joerice1979,"To call this a game is to not quite do it justice, think of it more like a short story or poem.It tells the story of a young woman leaving her home to set sail on some kind of scientific voyage.  You visit a few places, talk to a few people and do a few little mini-games, but all this is secondary.There isn't a huge amount of dialogue but what Leaving Lyndow had, for me anyway, was a beautiful sense of place and time.  The visuals were brilliant, stunning in parts and the music was a delightful base on which the story played out.It's very short, but a lovely experience and worth trying for the scenery and presentation alone."
76561197969390805,Not Recommended,585840,35358725,Posted: 30 September,all,Lron Hubbard,"I LOVE walking sims, played my fair share and have loved every one of them until now.. I'll start by saying that the graphics and art style of this game are dead set brilliant. This game is a visual feast especially in the forest and farm sections.Also it's quite well optimized, I played through on the highest graphics settings at 4k resolution on my 1060 gtx and it ran a constant 50 - 60 fps in doors and about 40 - 60 out doors so hats off to the developer for that.The negatives however, it took me just shy of 45 minutes to play through this from start to finish on my first play and that was reading everything, exploring all surroundings and stoping to take in the scenery because by god it looks fantastic.Now some may argue game length isn't a good indicator of how good a game is and that is true 100% agree, however in this case the story telling throughout was just not good and honestly it felt like massive chunks of the overall story were missing entirely.For this game to hit it out of the park the following is what I would have loved to see (not these are my oppinions everyone is going to be different):1) I believe if they invested in voice acting it would have raised the immersion of the story and world considerably (and I mean pay for AAA voice actors).2) Utilized more cut scenes to dig further in to the overall story.3) Added more puzzles similar to the one on the farm with the doll that also assist with narating the story.Basically this game feels like a demo where you're playing a cut down version of the first level of a full game. Really unfortunate. Perhaps we'll see a more filled out game from these developers and with a much deeper story."
,Recommended,585840,32698606,Posted: 23 June,all,Marcuz,Leaving Lyndowgreat lovely short game it so peaceful and good storythis is a place so beautiful that you just want to stay a bit longer
,Recommended,585840,33259450,Posted: 4 July,all,Dysp,Quaint game with a lovely mood and peaceful atmosphere. I really wanted the game to last longer though. A good fit for fans of the genre. Would love to see more from this developer. Something longer and more expanded upon.
76561198035511315,Recommended,585840,32736552,Posted: 24 June,all,Purpleater,"OK if you like walking sims.  Short, good atmosphere, easy to 100%.  Didn't encounter any bugs.  Nice for killing some time when you just want something relaxing to do.  Overall not very exciting and no ability to run or jump."
76561198044276862,Recommended,585840,32845934,Posted: 27 June,all,Archangel,"Beautiful atmospheric game, anyone wanting a relaxing short journey will enjoy this."
,Recommended,585840,32381126,Posted: 12 June,all,Opcode_,"It's very nice.The game is absolutely breathtaking. The art style is very weathered and homey. My favorite thing about the game was the windows. The entire experience took me an hour, and that's if you REALLY take your time. I think Leaving Lyndow is a very directed game. It knows what it wants to say, and it gets in and gets out quick, but leaves you time to linger.Imagine if you took the feeling of leaving Pallet town for the first time, and stretched it out for an hour while adding an extra gallon of class and art. That's Leaving Lyndow. I think if Eastshade is able to improve upon Leaving Lyndow in even a small way, it will turn out to be a rather good game.I think the art, music, detail, pacing, and design are all exceptionally well done, and very impressive. I think the character design is kinda creepy, but very homely. I think if the story aspect had half of the depth that the art and design had, it would be a very compelling title, even at its brief length.I think where Eastshade could benefit most going forward is by having a dedicated writer as well as another programmer and some more play-testers. Leaving Lyndow is a very nice, small scale ""Art"" game. And that's good, but adding more ""game"" while keeping the same art will help the next game sell tremendously well.So should you buy? I think Leaving Lyndow fits very nicely into the $4.99 price range. And its actually only $3.99 so, yeah. Its not much, but whats there is definitely worth it."
76561198050731655,Recommended,585840,32469806,Posted: 16 June,all,Pump-Action Pete,"Leaving Lyndow is a short, yet somewhat sweet teaser for an upcoming title still in development.To be brief, I quite enjoyed what was on offer. The scenery is very nice, foliage and vegetation detailed quite well. I loved the architecture of the buildings. The tavern, the main character's house, the docks, they were all well designed.In fact, the only issues I have graphics-wise is perhaps the character models. They... need refinement.Most complaints about the game range from a short, non-existant story that is already explained before youstart the game, to an empty/lifeless world. Apparently there isn't enough going on for people to fully enjoy.Others find the world completely devoid of life and meaning. I feel that these people are looking for too much.After all, this is a prelude to something bigger, right?I, on the other hand, understand that this is just a brief and relaxing glimpse into what may be.This ""what may/could be"" is what will bring me back to give the title in development, Eastshade, a try in order tohopefully be more thoroughly invested.Overall, don't go in expecting too much, and you won't be too disappointed."
76561198155053032,Recommended,585840,29792583,Posted: 8 February,all,Dared2Sin,"Beautiful, gorgous and bottom line fantastic.This game left me in awe."
76561198129531216,Recommended,585840,29994360,Posted: 17 February,all,Okaywolfie,"Amazing graphics, fun to play. Would love to see a continuation of the game like this one."
76561198086439280,Recommended,585840,32440763,Posted: 15 June,all,Jasper Reikevik,"Its so beautiful, everything inside the game"
,Not Recommended,585840,31311721,Posted: 22 April,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Pretty world but missing substance.Favorite Thing: It was an interesting idea with the potential for an emotional journey.Least Favorite Thing: It all fell short. I found the journey rather uncompelling.Date Completed: 2017-04-19Playtime: 40mEnjoyment: 4/10Recommendation: There are better, more touching walking simulators."
,Recommended,585840,29877167,Posted: 12 February,all,Fallen_Angel ☽,A beautiful exploring game with a meaningful story.
,Recommended,585840,29942931,Posted: 15 February,all,ZebraPsyche,"In this world of chaos, it is nice to see a humble setting as Leaving Lyndow. The game is short, but it will lust you to play it again and again, just for the beautifullly crafted landcsapes. This game is also an art, heck, one could even meditate while playing this. The story though... leaves you wanting more, the hardest part was to say goodbye at the end :)Do yourself a favor, grab your herbal tea, relax yourself and start playing"
,Recommended,585840,32637365,Posted: 22 June,all,InckKk,"Leaving Lyndow is a short walking simulator witha few interactions. Its okay, short and nice. I recommend this if you like short ""story"" based games. My suggestion is to get in a sale though, I finished the game in 1,5 hour included all the achievements."
76561197990250316,Not Recommended,585840,33083709,Posted: 1 July,all,BravoDefender,"It would be hard for me to recommend this game.First playthrough lasted 40 minutes and yes I got this game on sale(2€), still it feels very short. After finishing, it didn't leave me wanting to play through it one more time. I felt I had seen all of it. There was a story behind it but I feel like this could have been a longer game. You get these one sentences how your best friends say good bye. I thought that was underwhelming."
76561198105491395,Recommended,585840,32852216,Posted: 27 June,all,Karabass,"This small game is very touching and cute. Download and play, do not hesitate."
,Recommended,585840,34002719,Posted: 3 August,all,oyvho,"A short adventure. Not much to it, but it's beautiful and makes some good points about working hard and following your dreams."
,Recommended,585840,31035979,Posted: 9 April,all,melliecarma,"*2.7 hrs. into the game*Nice game with pretty graphics (+ some minor flaws which don't really count). They call this type of game a ""walking simulator"". I absolutely hate that term ! - I call them exploration games. It's all about wandering around, exploring new  places, stories etc., you get the picture. Immersion is vital - they're not made for speedruns. Take your time . . .This game surprised  me at one point (at the stone circle). I won't tell what happened (don't wanna spoil) and i'm not sure yet how it will play out towards the rest of the story but there must be a connection. I played Carla's place and the forest with the hideout and the stone circle. I can`t go on as i still have to to something here - so far i've got no real clue as to what, only a slight guess or two...Another surprise to me is that i find Leaving Lyndow a good resource to take screenshots of. So far i never took that point into consideration. You can also easily unlock the 3 trading cards available trough playing the game - for the rest you must use the community market on Steam.I play it with keyboard + mouse on PC, look sensitivity set at 28, ASWD for movement, MMB for zoom in/out, ESC for Menu/Pause, LMB for interacting with people/objects. Note that the inventory is not working and not neccessary either.Apparently Eastshade are working on a new project situated in the Eastshade universe and called - what? - oh, Eastshade. Yeah, got it. Curious on that one now, too...   =:-)"
76561198102204839,Recommended,585840,33925094,Posted: 31 July,all,T_Modemia,"'Leaving Lyndow' really is short and sweet, as the description states, but that was fine by me - the game's sole developer didn't try to tack on a huge price tag, and the amount of effort and thought that went into this game was easily worth what I paid.It's beautiful and thought-provoking, and I found myself lingering on mini-games  just because...I don't know, except maybe I just liked them.  WIth most games, the mini-games are primarily a means to an end.  These are primarily just for the sake of curiosity.Very highly recommended!  If you end up liking 'Leaving Lyndow', check out East Shade Studios' website and sign up for the e-mail list for an upcoming full-sized game in the same universe!"
,Recommended,585840,34928094,Posted: 13 September,all,LuZee,"A very calm and beautiful small game.There is a lot love for detailed scenes and atmosphere.There characters look a bit strange, but since characters are probably the hardest thing to make in video games I can ignore that. :DAbsolute recommendation from me if you like this kind of games. :3"
76561197998379161,Recommended,585840,33081327,Posted: 1 July,all,RustyAllard,"Charming short game, got this during the summer sale and had a nice evening with it. However, some achievements are a little grindy and promote a second playthrough if you want to 100% it (which is quite easy). Overall, I'd recommend it for the story, not for any form of replayability though."
,Not Recommended,585840,29961216,Posted: 16 February,all,Diego,"I like the game, but don't recommend buying it. It's a prologue chapter. Admitedly this is a lot more interesting and beautiful than most walking simulators. And it has more interactivity too. A couple of mini games that are quite fun indeed. But this just doesn't feel like a complete experience, it's more like a demo than anything else.It got me intrigued to play the full version of the game, but this product should have been free with a link at the end to the full project so you can pre-order/fund/whatever."
,Not Recommended,585840,33355608,Posted: 7 July,all,hysterka,"Saying that ""Leaving lyndow is short"" is understatement. Three letters, one bad poem (with '<3' emoji in it!), threeminigames, scattered across three small locations is not short. If we say pool cue is short in length, then this piece is toothpick.Should've been only free (or $0.99) skill showing demo."
,Recommended,585840,33085946,Posted: 1 July,all,Futski,"Your average walking sim... and that's not bad. It's just average and average can be entertaining. One mission, can be finished in 5 minutes - but you're not playing walking sims for the speedruns, are ya? No, you're playing it to relax and take in the scenery. To sratch the surface of a story where the backstories are not to be exhausted. Game delivers that nicely, along with your usual soothing music and emo situation to walk through. There is no great reveal or Keyzer Söze here. You're doing exactly what the Store-page stated you would be doing, and I really like that.Why ""average"" then ...?In todays game-engines, you don't need a lot of props to make a world seem ""real"" - and a big part of what constitues a great walking sim is then easily accomplished, says the layman. Leaving Lyndow is not optimal when checking objects in the far horison / distance; The world is empty whenever you look out a window, or i.e. at the lake in the forest. Not groovey for these very few locations expected of you, game!Just don't look to much, is my advice - and that's not something you wanna say re. a walking sim.As others have mentioned, all characters look like demonspawn. In fact, faces in this game are so out of place that every character has their mouth covered, probably to hide the tentacles and / or portals to hell between their jaws. And no, it does not play into the story. There are no hints or mysteries here. No ""were they all demons?!?""-conflict. Game is not about that, and we must assume someone just really screwed up making characters look fairy tale'y.There are a few conversations - but why give me options re. responses? You cannot leave Lyndow with burning bridges by i.e. telling everyone to suck it and just die in their shitpool of mud. You can only be positive, but I'm putting way too much into this. Like, if I asked why the hell someone would leave their pole - for opening the one and only attic door - as far from said door as possible.And again ... My gawd, those characters look terrible ... it's borderline horror when they circle around you ... It needed a second mention, yes.In short:This is a walking sim. The ""get object to do stuff"" is so minimal - along with the conversations - that it doesn't make the game bad or anything. Doesn't ruin your walking sim experience either. Game is just average for its kind, given the very few factors that make agreatdigital walk. You get some nice music and scenery, and you get it all at just the right price. Recommended for people who generally like walking sims, but ""average"" is really the keyword here."
76561198185928909,Recommended,585840,33177686,Posted: 3 July,all,Welshy,"I've always enjoyed these ""walking simulator"" style games. It's a game of exploration trying to uncover every secret, looking in every corner for some hidden evidence or journal that enhances the story. Leaving Lyndow isn't quite in par with many of the other games i have played in the past. The main reason here being it is incredibly short (the game could be completed within an hour) you only have 4 locations to really explore. Having said that it is still a wonderful experience, and relates very well the sense of emotion many find themself in when a family member is leaving home for the first time. The conflicts it can stir up, the sense of fear ahead as well as sadness of what you are leaving behind. If (like me) you love this kind of genre and are impressed with great story and narrative then it's very much worth playing. If you are not as keen however, then there are many other games in the same mould (Gone Home and FireWatch to name a few) that are probablt better suited and offer a more comprehensive experience :)"
76561197972244201,Recommended,585840,33086444,Posted: 1 July,all,pebblegarden,"Leaving Lyndow is a very short but rich experience, like walking into a dream suffused with bittersweet wonder and nostalgia. It left me feeling haunted all the next day. The developer(s) really nailed that specific mood and circumstance.Aesthetically, it's a masterful mix of design, 3D art, emergent (and diaphanous) storytelling, and evocative music. I highly recommend it to anyone who can appreciate haiku-sized stories of a quiet, sentimental nature. Warning: If your taste in games is focused on shooters like Call of Duty, you may not enjoy Leaving Lyndow quite as much as I did.I understand this is a prequel of sorts to a much larger game called Eastshade. I'm definitely going to buy that too."
76561198003741135,Recommended,585840,33146201,Posted: 2 July,all,Tokker,"Lovely little game, that tells a relateable and sweet story about leaving home."
76561198187525522,Recommended,585840,32547439,Posted: 18 June,all,kevin07041214,"short but beautiful game,worth playing"
,Recommended,585840,31070475,Posted: 10 April,all,Menatorius,I like it a lot. I found it very poignant and beautiful.
,Not Recommended,585840,32972530,Posted: 28 June,all,TRYER,"Has some nice violin music and nice atmospheric scenery, though even at the graphics highest, it was still low. I did 3 levels, 2 very very small puzzles, 12 people to talk to and then the game is done. For what the price was, it was an okay game.The game did have some heart to it and is a good buy for fans of Walking Simulators. Worth a few bucks. 2 out of 5 Stars."
76561198005523589,Recommended,585840,33377393,Posted: 8 July,all,moomphas,"I have never played such a beautiful game in my life before. The graphics, art style, and a moving story make it an unforgettable experience."
,Recommended,585840,31167319,Posted: 15 April,all,Top GNASHERS™,"10/10One of the most beautifully simple and yet stunningly crafted games I've played in a long time. The game isn't that long but the time in game will leave you thoroughly impressed and interested in what the devs are working on. The music is absolutely stunning, the graphics are meticulously layered and vivid and the story is elegantly illustraited throughout. If you're a fan of walking sims that create a world around them, definitley pick this game up."
,Not Recommended,585840,30029639,Posted: 19 February,all,neoadorable,"Walking sim with some very pretty landscapes and vivid colors. Takes just over an hour to complete. Wasted potential, as the story is truly touching or at least could be. It's a tale many of us can relate to - growing up and leaving home, leaving those you love, and facing the possibility of never going back. But it's all ruined because the devs insist on you completing a single tedious music puzzle (the only puzzle in the game, mind you). If you don't complete it, you can't progress. What is this, The Witness? Once more, I can't get why someone would do an emotional walking sim and then pile a stupid hurdle like that in the player's path. How does it help? Not mention the puzzle simply unlocks a rather ho-hum one minute scene. But when you meet your MOTHER before leaving, you can't even embrace, and the whole goodye is a few sentences. So yeah, pretty graphics, potentially good story, ultimately not worth the time."
76561198154453903,Recommended,585840,30629064,Posted: 19 March,all,freddy_mac,A very pretty and charming game.I really enjoyed it.
76561198114299894,Recommended,585840,30635887,Posted: 20 March,all,CreepyUncleVito,"I played this game for my channel and really enjoyed it. I've been a fan of walking simulators for years and this has been one of the best I've played. The only critique I have for it is it's a little short. Took me 45 minutes to beat, but it was still worth it."
,Recommended,585840,29836848,Posted: 10 February,all,Lawnch,"This game is kind of like a preview for the developers upcoming game, Eastshade. I'd only heard of the main game a few months back, and decided to drop the couple of dollars on this.Leaving Lyndow has you wandering several small contained environments, interacting with several objects and completing a small number of simple tasks. It's a good precursor to setting up the world of Eastshade, giving you a bit of backstory and context that will no doubt play into the main game.This game is a small little contained experience, and I like small little contained experiences. Leaving Lyndow has me more intrigued for Eastshade than I was before, for sure.Also, I took a lot of screenshots, which is always a good sign. Even on what I can only assume is a small budget, the devs manage to do a great job with the environments, and the character models are actually kinda cool. Sure, it's not going to match up to Uncharted 4 in production values, but you shouldn't expect it to.Basically, Leaving Lyndow is to Eastshade what MGS V: Ground Zeroes is to Phantom Pain.Definitely reccomend."
,Not Recommended,585840,34662304,Posted: 1 September,all,Sakuranohime,"I got this game in sale and it is still not worth it. There were no emotions at all. It is very very short and although I love these kind of games, it was just boring. Even more when you just had to stare at the screen (because you get bored of playing the chimes/ ball game) for 5 ! minutes to get 2 of the achievements. Surely one way to make the game ""longer"". But not a good way. If this game would be for free, I could recomment it, but not like this."
,Recommended,585840,29792766,Posted: 8 February,all,LeClair,A beautiful and touching short game with an incredible art direction & soundtrack. I only can applaud & suggest it to all of you!
76561198279126007,Not Recommended,585840,33244427,Posted: 4 July,all,Skardy,"Good idea, unfortunately too short and a bit shallow"
,Recommended,585840,29800075,Posted: 9 February,all,Sauceddie,"Leaving Lyndow can be completed in less than hour. But it is absolutely gorgeous! The art, thr music, and the characters all fit together wonderfully. This is a story driven experience that has you walking around talking to people, reading notes, and completing tasks to find out more about your character and the people around her.Buy this game if:-You enjoy art music and storytelling-You like short and sweet experiencesDon't buy this if:-You are expecting extensive ""gameplay"" as you will spend your time walking and clicking.If you still need more convinving, feel free to watch my playthroughhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxkCkpIF7Rk"
,Not Recommended,585840,34523760,Posted: 27 August,all,LarzieKay,"Positives:- visually stunning, and if this turned out to be the 'tutorial' section of a game, I'd be interested in buying the full version- nice soundtrackNegatives:- remarkably short - I finished the first go through in less than an hour (making it hard to recommend)- selecting different paths of dialouge options did not seem to change the game at all.I still have 3 locked achievements, so clearly I've missed a bit, despite having played through twice."
76561198069735211,Recommended,585840,31072714,Posted: 10 April,all,DaHotFuzz,"Leaving Lyndow is a very short walking simulator about a young girl who is ready to dive headfirst into her future and leave everything she grew to love behind.  I must mention that this is how you properly make a walking simulator.  The exploration is modest, interaction with objects/characters is limited but appropriate given the game's length, music and atmosphere is relaxing with a hint of emotion, and lastly the scenery - absolutely stunning.  Screenshot paradise right here.  I had a good time playing this although I do wish there was more lore since I enjoyed learning things about theruined city. I can happily recommend this just for the gorgeous visuals alone."
76561197964133817,Recommended,585840,29891500,Posted: 12 February,all,Truth,"Very nice, Take it at your own pace, its like a nice stroll on the beach."
76561198049624963,Recommended,585840,31089755,Posted: 11 April,all,Tiaris,"Yes it is a small game that is a short amount of time.  However, it is worth playing and I hope the producer can find a way to continue it in some way exploring the world more and maybe adding more details about the world and it's people."
76561198011810582,Recommended,585840,31162606,Posted: 15 April,all,Buffy,"The game is about an hour long and pretty linear, nevertheless it has a wonderful atmosphere and is beautifully done. It has interesting physics and two small minigames, which were kind of fun. It feels like a test run for something bigger and I really hope this bigger thing will come, because it looks really promising so far."
,Recommended,585840,32377917,Posted: 12 June,all,Pandaww,cool game ..spent 10 minutes playing with balls
,Recommended,585840,29797206,Posted: 9 February,all,Genebris,I don't know if that was intended but it really reminds me of Lilmoth and Annaig and feels a lot like Elder Scrolls world in general.
,Recommended,585840,29792437,Posted: 8 February,all,SUSHi,Great game. Looking really good graphically. The game runs smooth just wish it wasn't so short. I beat it within 34 minutes... Cant wait to see what else they have in store!
,Not Recommended,585840,33261400,Posted: 4 July,all,MygodStudio,Achievements ask me to play a boring minigame for 5 mins.Still overpriced at 9 CNY (1.32 USD).
76561197995327520,Not Recommended,585840,33483088,Posted: 12 July,all,El Capitan Tinker,"Played this for a bit before some issues I had lead me to stop spending time on it, but please note I have enjoyed some other ""Walking Simulators"" (I cringe at the term) and Adventure games such as The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Stanley Parable and To the Moon, etc.I am not basing this review on the price of Leaving Lyndow as that may vary and I feel the more important question ""Is this product an enjoyable or meaningful use of my time?""Here are my observations on the experience (not the developers resources, efforts or intentions)*Has some nice lighting and visual tableau's*Has obtrusive obstacles to keep your focus on main areas and avoid poor textures and lack of detail in background*Characters wear head and face coverings to obscure poor facial visual design*Solid sound and music*Artificial and meaningless fetch quests to force exploration of desired areas*Your character walks at a slow plod only (frustrating on the fetch quests)*Clipping through some trees, other trees with physical hit boxes much too large*Floating over bushes (instead of climbing or jumping)*Perfunctory story that uses vague text references to friends and memories to attempt to invoke emotions*Artificial ""gates"" that prevent exploration of new areas until ALL ""feelings"" and memories have been found in an area*Gates are transparently internalized by your character, forcing you to plod back in search of obscure missing memories"
76561198299239392,Recommended,585840,33275905,Posted: 5 July,all,A.Wahab,Sometimes you just need a break from competetive games and just play something relaxing.It was my first time playing a walking simulator and I couldn't stop loving it.The atmosphere is serene and the world is beautifully detailed.The game is really short (30-45 minutes depending on your play style) but in my opinion it is the perfect length.It is also really cheap so why not give it a try?
76561198073648775,Recommended,585840,31080898,Posted: 11 April,all,Suma,"So far this game is simply beautiful!  From the awesome graphics to the quality in sound and animations.  The story is interesting and it has some puzzles to solve too!  The dev's put a lot of love and work into this game.  I wouldn't call it a walking sim, but more of an adventure game IMO.  You actually have to do things in the game.I haven't played it long enough to really review it, but I wanted to point out that I had a problem with the graphics.  The sunbeams wear showing up black.  I posted this in the forums late last night and early this morning, the dev's had already fixed the problem and responded most kindly to my post! They're great!You gotta love dev's that take their customer's seriously and fix problems THIS fast!  KUDOS to the dev's for a fine game and awesome support!  So far I fully recommend this game to all adventurer's out there seeking... a new adventure! lol :-)The game runs silky smooth on my MacBook Pro:Hardware Overview:Model Name:  MacBookPro 11,5 (Mid 2015)Processor Name:  Intel Core i7Processor Speed:  2.8 GHzNumber of Processors:  1Total Number of Cores:  4L2 Cache (per Core):  256 KBL3 Cache:  6 MBMemory:  16 GB Type:  DDR3  Speed:  1600 MHzVideo Card:  AMD Radeon R9 M370X, VRAM 2048 MBOperating System: OS X El Capitan version 10.11.6 (64 bit OS)"
,Not Recommended,585840,34544684,Posted: 27 August,all,[GuRu],"The game is terrible. Is to see the face of the monkey at the beginning of the game and all desire to continue disappears. Pass because to return the purchase it was too late. And so, it's not worth a quarter of the value - this is a demo!!!"
,Recommended,585840,29794394,Posted: 8 February,all,NedEx,"Short and Sweet. It's a beautiful exploring game. If you like dear ester, you might like this."
,Not Recommended,585840,34395604,Posted: 21 August,all,maikel,"I can't understand the positive reviews, they might be just because it is cheap. First the awful ""monkey looking"" faces of the characters and the way the balance side to side with the head clearly stuck facing the screen it's so stupidly creepy that it completely damages any chances of you getting absorved by the game. Instead you'll only focus on how badly designed it is.The colours make no sense, it tries to mimic reality but fails poorly, seems like a weekend project made by a bunch of kids using the most basic pre-made templates from Unity / UnrealEngine. I would therefore recommend this game to my very worst enemy."
,Not Recommended,585840,29817338,Posted: 9 February,all,quietscribe,"Sadly, despite wanting to support the developers and there being things I do really like about this game, I have sadly had to give it a thumbs-down from a 'recommend' perspective, because it doesn't feel like a full game amongst other things.+  The graphics are lovely+  I like the rpg elements of choice in conversations+  The interaction for point-and-click were well-done+  The 'dream' sequence was really interesting and I wanted to know more- Never got to know more, because the game stopped just as you started to get a feel for the character.  I explored everyhing and the game was completed in 42 minutes.-  The choice of having all the mouths covered felt like a cop-out from an animation perspective.  Likewise none of the people really had any facial changes to show mood which was disappointing and sort of broke the immersion.  Even basic mood animations would have been better than the blank looks that only added to the creepy feel of the people.-  The music mini-game was annoying, and I would have liked to have been able to quit it and not lose out on the cutscene.  As it was, you had to complete it, there was no other option.-  Likewise you are stopped from exiting an area until you had explored all or most of it.I understand that this was meant to be a test-bed for their other game 'Eastshade', but for a game that is less than 45 minutes long and feels unfinished from a story perspective (with no word on whether there are other 'episodes' coming for it), I don't feel this is a complete game that I would be able to recommend to others.  If the game had been cheaper and this was only the first installment of the story, I could better appreciate it, but sadly it isnt.  I can only hope that the developers take the feedback from the various comments and use them to better make their main game."
,Not Recommended,585840,33647114,Posted: 19 July,all,Amra,"Very nice little story,don't buy at full price,not worth it!"
76561197970710613,Recommended,585840,29800598,Posted: 9 February,all,bhendryckx,Utterly beautiful !!!
76561198057395097,Not Recommended,585840,29841533,Posted: 10 February,all,AlbatrossCafe,"It was OK, I guess. The graphics were cool. Not ""Groundbreaking"" by any means, but certainly pretty.It took me 36 minutes, but was still pretty slow. The NPCs are gross. Something about them is just gross. And they all have Bandana's over their mouths. I guess mouths are tooh ard to animate. The conversations are boring. I just skipped through them mostly. The game was too short to really develop any kind of story.Anyway, this was a slow, visual ""walking simulator"".Honestly I would have given it a thumbs up if it had a ""sprint"" buttton. Every game needs sprint."
76561198012210749,Not Recommended,585840,34177416,Posted: 11 August,all,Terroristhawk,"Nice little story, enjoyed it, but no support for lefthanded players so I cannot recommend it."
,Recommended,585840,29974599,Posted: 16 February,all,Atehres,"The game follows Clara's last day on Lyndow before she leaves for an expedition. It is a puzzle/exploration type of game. Great experience overal. Lovely environment. The mood is very relaxing, so are the mini games. Quiet short, the whole game takes about 20 to 60 min to finish and to unlock all the achievements. The character design are pecular if you ask, interesting however.Will be looking forward to the studio's Eastshade release.Take your time when playing! It is meant to be a relaxing experience.PS: I do recommend the dev to consider adding a transparent animated model for Clara (or something like that) so that when the player walks around, with a directional light, Clara's shadow can actually be seen on the ground. Maybe some hacks around mat or shader can be done for that.. (I'm not a conoisseur in Unity though, just an idea)"
76561198052449251,Recommended,585840,29963754,Posted: 16 February,all,ichimanju,"I am definitely going to buy the game when it's fully released. I didn't want to leave Lyndow at all. I really like the atmosphere evoked here. There's a strain of thoughtfulness and a touch of sadness as Clara gets ready to leave home. Here and there you can run across letters and items of interest that fill in her backstory. I enjoyed the hour or so I got in this game and definitely will purchase the final product, Eastshade.A bit rough in places, but I can get the sense of a fantstic game in the making. It's a cross between Myst, Witcher and Skyrim, if that makes any sense. I can't wait until final release!"
,Recommended,585840,30041871,Posted: 19 February,all,Heisend00dle,"Very emotional, very short game that introduces an entire new video-game universe I can't wait to sink my teeth into: Eastshade. In a half-hour I was emotionally invested and heartbroken to be leaving Lyndow, a place I had never experienced before.If Leaving Lyndow is any indication of the rest of the Eastshade universe, then I think we're all in for a treat. I would highly recommend playing this game and it is something you can sit down and beat in less than an hour. My personal score: 10/10"
,Recommended,585840,31331195,Posted: 23 April,all,P_TOG,A charming 30-60 minute story about leaving your small town to explore the world and whAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS UP WITH ALL THE CHARACTER'S EYES?
,Recommended,585840,31379890,Posted: 26 April,all,lindlaus,This game is very nice relating to the graphic but the story is more means for the purpose.All in all this game is very lovely :D
76561198383220756,Recommended,585840,31412666,Posted: 28 April,all,Hyperion,"After reading other people very positive reviews I decided to give it a go and .... it was amazing!!! I liked every aspects of the game presents, apart from one key detail: the humans portrayed in the game. My suggestion is that they need more polishing on their facial details + expressions, adding voice overs and more interractiveness through dialogues.From here it's notices and further sugestions to developers. Main character should have inner dialogue expressed in voice, this would be more appealing than just text to read. (By place) In the pub there should be an option to not drink any beverage as I accidentally clicked after trying all options and and i couldn't get out of dialogue without taking one of the options. Drinking animation or sound would be a nice touch. The attic in the house should have an option to open and close. In some reading objects it fell like there was very little content, therefore you should consider adding pages to some reading objects. Add some science material to read :) In the forest, the old childrens' fortress the 'hole' should be inaccesible to walk on top. Another conga drum should be added and be playable like the large wind chime outside. In the granpa's place, there should be more interractions with grandfather and granddaughter. Please change the sound in the mini game with the child, finding sinking mini people, as I personally found it a bit disturbing. Finally in the port, the sun is missing whilst there are arrays of it without its presence and remove the stupid planet in the sky, it is very unnecesarry, otherwise significantly rescale it and make it a moon, not a planet... Other than that I'm very impressed with your work, hope that my notices and suggestions get reviewed and wish you all the best in your future developments.Kind regards, Player"
,Recommended,585840,31613690,Posted: 7 May,all,Mazer,Short and sweet
76561198001328072,Recommended,585840,31487026,Posted: 1 May,all,Raimanojaku,"Soothing, calm and relaxing kind of game.I liked it."
,Recommended,585840,31827918,Posted: 18 May,all,Bryan - Legend of Luca,What a fun little adventure. Really liked the dream sequences.
,Recommended,585840,31964283,Posted: 25 May,all,MrDowntempo,"A cute and sweet little game that is worth the few bucks if you're into walking sims. I would have prefered a little more story, lore and gameplay, ultimately. But I enjoyed it in a warm fuzzy sort of way."
76561198296862680,Recommended,585840,32314962,Posted: 10 June,all,haboodi,Seriously this is an amazing short walking simulator. The forest scene is the best part. Music is great. 10/10
76561197993630261,Recommended,585840,32774305,Posted: 25 June,all,Josh,"It's a short simple beautiful exploring game. Atmospheric, scenic, relaxing..."
,Recommended,585840,33578012,Posted: 15 July,all,OvO,I did so many pretty screenshots from this game <3* Short walking simulator ( 2 h of gameplay if you are lazy )* Beautiful but small locations* Relaxing music* Pretty graphicI recommend to buy on Steam Sale because 4$ is to much for not much gameplay.
,Recommended,585840,33621003,Posted: 17 July,all,gabeblackbeard,"Really nice experience. It's very short, even if you inspect everything and talk to everyone, and there's not a whole lot of content, but what content it does have is quite good, I think the visuals are great with some really beautiful views, the soundtrack is expertly done and sets an appropriate mood for the story, and the concept itself is enticing.Good choice if you're looking for a brief, relaxing experience, especially if you enjoy walking simulators."
,Recommended,585840,33639299,Posted: 18 July,all,Young_Nacho,"A beautiful little experience thats worth picking up on a sale. It was a bit rough around the edges and pretty basic, but I enjoyed my time with it."
76561198093731646,Recommended,585840,34622288,Posted: 30 August,all,wayfray,"This is one of a couple games I have played recently in which one developer was responsible for the majority of the game. In both cases, the story and art are engaging and hint at a larger story to be told within the same world. I like narrative games with unique world-building like this, that don't rely on combat or repetitive gameplay mechanics. The story of the main character was touching, and I look forward to playing more of her story.Some people dislike the character designs - I think they work, and are a nice aspect of world-building. The developer says he intends to add more character types in the follow up game, which I think will help give context to the design choices of the characters in this game."
,Recommended,585840,34390149,Posted: 21 August,all,Berillium,Good tiny nostalgic game.
