user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029063179,Recommended,585910,33461256,Posted: 11 July,all,Eddie Senpai,"Preserves the core of the original game while updating every single aspect from graphics to music -- you wouldn't think it at first sight, but almost everything has been retouched. The new characters are a treat for old players who have mastered the SNES game, turning the rules on their heads while giving players access to new abilities and options.For example, Bullet the dog can't aim when firing. Rather, the reticule locks into a big area and the compaionion robot auto aims at enemies. Bullet can walk around during attacks which is the opposite of Clint and Annie.There's lots to love about Reloaded and it's a treasure for anyone who enjoyed the old game like me."
,Recommended,585910,33531603,Posted: 14 July,all,romanticmisery.,"This game's perfect.This is not nostalgia kicking in, this game is arcade shooter perfection and if you wanna compare to the SNES original you can and you probably should.They took advantage of the new specs to make the sprite work on this game shine, the stages are beautiful and the characters have flair and personality to them, don't even get me started on the soundtrack - It's one of the best by Hiroyuki Iwatsuki who actually went through the trouble of making ""Reloaded"" and ""Retro"" versions of the music, the new tracks  in retro mode sound just like they would be in a actual SNES and it's just amazing.The original game holds a very special place in my heart, i only cleared it once, using Annie and  it was a herculean task, with Reloaded things are looking up to be just like it, but hey at least this time they're allowing you to continue and redo the stages where you failed!Now Let's get down to some specifics:There's a lot more on the screen this time, so you gotta pay double focus on whats going on, the stages are larger and the sceneries, wider, while it means there's more room to move also means theres more enemies on the screen at once, the animations will help a bit , cluing you when bullets are about to hit you, when you can hit someone in melee and even telling outright what some enemies will do, and it pays to pay attention.This game is not just a shooting gallery where you can destroy everything, but  also plays as a ""survival"" shooter, you have infinite ammo for your standard gun, some screen clearer bombs to use when the situation calls and the ability to roll/dodge projectiles which makes you invincible during those frames, (Press JUMP while holding down the FIRE button) you can also get power up weapons such as a laser gun, or a full auto combat rifle and as you mow down enemies and avoid getting shot you'll notice a timer going down, that's good because after the timer gets to zero a boss shows up, defeat it and proceeds to the next phase or it clears the stage.There's also a very interesting mechanic that rewards skilled players - neutralizing enemy projectiles by firing at them will raise a spacial bar next to your portrait on the hud, once filled your character gets on a super mode where he's allowed to fire very powerful shots and is invincible while the bar quickly depletes, this allow for some game-changing moments and i managed to turn the tables on the final boss this way.Game Over here doesn't mean you gotta start from the very beginning, if you wish to continue you'll be able to retry the stages again and again until you get it right, All you're gonna be giving away when retrying after a game over is your score.Scores kind of matter on this game, it's a arcade shooter after all, you get rewarded for destroying things, there will be plenty of enemies whose defeat is not actually necessary, but doing so will reward you with more items and more points, and if you get tired of shooting criminals and droids its ok cause you can shoot the backgrounds full of wonderful holes.Your character  can double jump and move around from left to right as they please as you control the aim but there's a catch: you can't 100% control your aim cursor as you move it because it is kind of binded by your character movement: Annie , Clint and Doris have total control of the aim while shooting and depending of the level of difficulty the number of lives you have before getting a game over changes.But thats not the only thing that changes, the stages available are also different. veterans of SNES will only be able to play all the classic stages on the Easy difficulty, while going for Normal or Hard will give  players the chance to go for Underground  and The Flying Ship, two completely new levels for this game, bringing new enemies and challenges to overcome.The First stage is Carson City, and after clearing it you'll be presented to a screen where you can choose your next destination : Desolation Canyon,Ammo Depot, Armored Train, Golden Mine, Underground and Flying Ship. Tackle the available stages in the order you see fit and once you clear them all, you're presented to the final level of the game.Many people dislike the fact that choosing a different difficulty level nets you different stages but let me put it this way: It's for a good reason cause those stages are HARDER than usual,one of them featuring limited visibility and the other a very complicated boss that can puzzle many beginners.The multiplayer also insta-locks the difficulty level of the play session, 2 players play on the easy route, 3 players on the normal and 4 on the harder one, for some reason which i cannot fully understand since such ""feature"" wasn't present on the SNES release : You share lives with your friends, the only thing that i dislike about the whole ordeal.Unfortunately the game does not support online co-op, only a very beefy leaderboard where you can put your nifty scores, you wanna play with friends? Couch co-op only. Since the game has just been released on Steam, future updates might change that, and i'm looking forward to it.About the new characters:Doris brings a high damage output being able to chuck up to 7 grenades at the same time, but moves rather slowly and requires practice to actually be effective,although she is slow, her dodges are fast but they lack the invicibility benefit that the others characters have. She also cannot use any power-ups, she can ""get"" them but all it does is adding more points on the score.She's a very high skill, high reward character, winning stages with her feels very satisfying.Bullet is a dog whose flying sentry drone does most of the fighting, its kind like a ""beginner's choice"" being allowed to move while firing, double jumping followed by gliding and having auto-aim but isn't without it's own shortcomings:Since he's free to walk around while the drone fires at his enemies he can easily be caught by a stray projectile or other enemy and there will be nothing the drone can do to defend him.Be sure to not stay too far from the drone as he's easy prey to melee enemies and you need the bot close by to kill them.His aim will also autolock on the closest enemy around as long he's on the crosshairs, this can be bothersome when you need some precision shooting done quickly.The ""vanilla"" characters are Clint and Annie, whose differences between them besides gender and clothing i'm not actually sure if exist, they can only fire stationary, can double jump and their roll/dodge grants them a invulnerability of some frames, can get powerups and easily control their aim while firing.Only one thing actually aggravates me on  this game and it's called the  PEA SHOOTER (P.Shooter in game) a very annoying ""power up"":  Unlike games like Contra or Metal Slug power ups here are totally random when they appear, you can go through the same stage twice and get different  power ups.Usually you can see by their icon what you're going to be getting, but other times, specially when you need them the most the game sends a mystery power-up where you have no idea on what you're going to get, until you actually do.That's where the infamous P.Shooter comes in: a joke gun, who cannot do damage or kill anything and makes a toy sound, completely inultilizes your firepower while you're firing it away waiting for the ammo to run dry, It's extremely annoying and can ruin perfect runs and boss fights. While i can understand the idea of ""risk getting a lame power up or use your stock weapon to beat the level"", it's still a stupid mechanic and i wish i could punch the person who implemented it right on the face.This game is a masterpiece by Natsume, it was great then and it's great now, sadly i kind of suck at it so i probably wont be unlocking everything the game has to offer but don't let the difficulty keep you from playing this gem."
,Recommended,585910,33508841,Posted: 13 July,all,Seth,"The title speaks for itself, really. This is Wild Guns, the good ol' SNES classic, remastered and -unlike a bunch of other remasters- with actual, added new stuff here and there, as well as some changes compared to the original (whenever you like them or not... Not everyone will be happy with the changes made to multiplayer, although I'm personnally okay with them for a few personal reasons).This is really cool for both newcomers and veterans alike: the two OGs, Annie & Clint, play pretty much exactly like they were back in the day, while Doris and Bullet are actually new to the game and have a drastically different playstyle. Big props to the sprite art and all of that: both of them are created in the exact same style than the rest of the game, so much that you probably wouldn't be able to tell they're actually new additions if you didn't know.That'sattention to details.Same stuff with the new stages: admittedly, I only played one of them, but it's included seamlessly with the rest of the original places,andintroduced a new gimmick to keep things fresh.Spriteworks and details are gorgeous for the 16-bit style, while staying completely faithful to the original game.And don't get me started on the music... Can I have more of that Boss theme please?All and all, an already great game made even better, and one that will keep you engaged for a while should you like Score Attack-style gameplay (with continues, you can admittedly clear the game pretty quickly, but most of the play-value comes from being able to 1-credit the whole thing, AND the different difficulty levels have different stages), whenever you go classic or try the new stuff.Only recommandation: grab a pad. The game doesn't have mouse support for pretty good reasons (it would ♥♥♥♥ the whole balance out >.>), and playing with a keyboard is... Well, playing with a keyboard."
76561197966385727,Recommended,585910,33569054,Posted: 15 July,all,Evilnapkin,"Not a simple re-release of an experience you can get through emulation.- redrawn sprites so the game maintains its SNES look while adapting art and stages to widescreen and HD (the SNES version had a *much* narrow FoV, you can't just go high-res with original assets and call it a day, they actually had to redraw all of this to get it to look the way it does - that's a decent amount of work)- new soundtrack which is pretty good, the option to unlock the original soundtrack is gated behind a pretty challenging achievement (beating the game with no continues is going to be difficult for a lot of people, even on easy)- two new characters with playstyles very different from the original two.  The only new one I've tried so far is the dog (Bullet), he feels like he's supposed to be made for less skilled players (has a kind of autoaim feature and is able to move while shooting), but because of this he gets some clumsiness with the core game mechanics that almost make him more challenging to play at times.  It's weird, I love him as a character (because puppy with a robot, come on...), but his design doesn't seem to fit with how the game plays.- two new stages (the first new stage replaces one of the original stages when in Normal difficulty, the second new stage replaces another original stage on Hard difficulty, Easy is the original stages only)- local coop up to four players (original was two player only)The biggest downside for most people will likely be the controls, as they are unique to this game and take some getting used to.  The powerups you get are also random, it isn't like Contra where you could memorize which container from each zone would give which powerup and plan accordingly, when a specific powerup drops, it's random, so say Stage 1, the first powerup you can get may be a machine gun one run, and a laser the next.  I wasn't a fan of this.  There is also a literal ""random powerup"" that appears on the screen sometimes, it can occasionally be a peashooter which is totally worthless and I wish it wasn't in the game.It's the 90s weekend rental kind of game, remastered to look and sound good in 2017 while retaining that original charm with some new additions.  Overall it's worth it, but I don't think most people will get more than 2 - 3 hours out of this (I went longer because I enjoy semi-mastering these sorts of games).  At least it's priced reasonably on the PC ($20CDN at time of this writing), while the PS4 version is $50CDN for some reason.Full review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGRgfA8MSHA"
,Recommended,585910,35054911,Posted: 18 September,all,Hezb0,"That's how you do a remaster. This original game was a masterpiece already, they just improved it and added content. What else could we possibly want? Maybe a sequel, please :) Lots of fun!"
76561198060101192,Recommended,585910,33467196,Posted: 11 July,all,flapnard,This original game is my favorite SNES game. This remaster is a great way to introduce people to Wild Guns without spending 200$+ for an original cartridge.  If you are a fan of arcade style shooters you will love this game.
,Recommended,585910,33479382,Posted: 12 July,all,Xristosx★,"A really fun well made remaster/remake of the original wild guns. This is what remakes should be, refreshing a game for newer systems while still maintaining the style of what made the older game great.While it is a remake the game still introduces 2 new characters to play that play very different from the main 2 cast, while also having 2 entirely new levels not in the original Snes game.Now i personally hadn't played wild guns before this i had only seen videos so as a sorta new player it took me a couple hours of tries to beat the game on normal with the continue system as it is a pretty hard game. Another few play throughs of trying to beat it without continues, so a full run takes about 25 or so minutes, so it is a short game.So if you only want to beat it once $20 ($15 on launch discount) might be too much for the amount playtime you can get out of the game unless you want to go through the other difficulties and try them with all the different characters. Personally i want to see more console games like this to come to PC so i think it's worth it for some form of entertainment.Edit: I went and played through the super nintendo version just now to maintain accuracy in what i said now so i dont contradict some information i wrote. In comparison to the snes version this version plays much more smoothly and the wider field of view which makes it feel less constricted than the original, it also has a much higher resolution makes it more superior to the older version."
76561198006276098,Recommended,585910,33658021,Posted: 19 July,all,Samurai Cop,"Very well done remastering of the original cult classic.Faithful at the core - but full of many nice newly enhanced touch ups.Features great looking HD sprites with touched up animations for the original characters and some of the enemies/bosses. A newly enhanced and remixed soundtrack - along with the option to select the original sound.Two brand new characters with their own unique mechanics. One allows for movement while locked on to enemies, the other chucks dynamite sticks and can lasso multiple enemies. Newly added stages, including new bosses that fit well with the original theme of the game.Unlike the original you can now continue from a stage select screen instead of the old way. Which forced one back to the first stage when running out of continues. Which is obviously a nice change to have implented.It honestly conjures up what you would have imagined Wild Guns could have been like had it been released in the arcade of it's era.I believe this was orginally released on PS4 back in 2016. This port is pretty much the exact type of treatment that you'd want to see given to a classic title like Wild Guns. It certainly feels like the definitive version to own.Very fun and challenging even on easy and normal. As someone who was very fond of the original game. I'd well recommend this to the classic hardcore fans and new comers alike. Solid job done by Natsume-Atari."
,Recommended,585910,33526144,Posted: 13 July,all,The Kreep,"Feels like an indie retro throwback game with novel mechanics and aesthetics, except it was made in 1994.A considerable amount of work has been put into making the game look better and feel better than the original.Art and animations have been touched up/redone, and now running at a sexy 60FPS.I was surprised by how much the new characters actually add to the game. There are some fundamental differences in how the they control which add some very meaningful variations to the game's mechanics.Fast paced, frantic, lots to manage on screen.Heaps fun co-op. Fun for lovers of the original or for new players.I don't just like this game, I have a profound respect for the treatment of this revival of an old favourite.Worth the asking price."
,Recommended,585910,33540852,Posted: 14 July,all,𝖩𝗈𝗒,"A game I'm sure many of you have dabbled with on emulators in the past having heard the praise but been unwilling to drop the ~£200 that a copy of the SNES original cost.Well, I guess you need fret no more, here we have the definitive edition of Wild Guns; everything has been lovingly touched up by the same people who worked  on it all those years ago. From the redrawn graphics, redone soundtrack and addition of local 4 player simulataneous co-op as well as adding two new characters who have totally new styles of play and an additional two new levels to complete.This is a very difficult game, partially due to the fact that you have only 3 lives and no continues with which to complete the game if you want to rank on the online scoreboards. This is countered somewhat by allowing you to continue (with your score not counting) in single player, allowing you to play the game through and get a feel for the levels. The real challenge comes in co-op where the difficulty is ramped up with the addition of each new player and the fact that you all share a common pool of lives with no chance to continue once depleted. You may find yourself having to complete the whole game on one life each!I don't have much in the way of negatives to weigh in with, this is an excellent Cabal-like game that rewards perserverence and replaying much in the style of old classic arcade titles! 'Improvements' such as online co-op and an ability to continue in multiplayer would be nice additions but as it stands this is an excellent game for you to force on your pals at game night!"
76561197964850713,Recommended,585910,34238480,Posted: 14 August,all,cikame,"This is a faithful ""HD"" upgrade of the original game, there are some re-drawn graphics to aid in the widescreen conversion, and they've added 2 new characters to mess around with, but otherwise this is the same fantastic and difficult game you remember.Unlike some other slap dash ""HD"" ports this one is technically sound, menus are fast and responsive and the game minimizes and returns instantly without issue. There isn't really much else to comment on, i'm assuming the SNES version had 2 player co-op which has been upgraded to 4 players but remains local only, let's be honest though, as great a release as this is it's not going to sell gangbusters so i doubt it would receive enough of a budget to implement online multiplayer, so while i campaign for online to be in all local multiplayer games i think we're very lucky this exists at all, and it loses nothing when playing alone.Last thing to note, this is a pretty hard game, i've only ever finished this game in the past due to save states in emulators, so good luck!(I think this game is probably best played on a controller, as it was originally, but it has full keyboard support)."
,Recommended,585910,33467714,Posted: 11 July,all,micycle057,"As someone who has been trying to get the SNES original for DECADES, it's great to finally own this game in an official capacity. It's as fun and as challenging as it ever was with new characters and mechanics to boot."
76561198069014297,Recommended,585910,33743890,Posted: 23 July,all,Brother Ezeekiel,"There is one con I could think of, just one : There's no online multiplayer. This means that if you absolutely want to play with friends, they NEED to be in the same room as you. This doesn't seem like a big problem, but not all your firends would be up to comming over just to play a game.Other than that, I absolutely love this. I love the challenge, I dodging bullets and even shooting bullets. There is genuine satisfaction after beating an area and you feel like a pro when you beat a level without loosing a life. There's a difficulty selection but it doesn't really affect the real challenge of the game : shooting everyone and dodging attacks.When you shoot you stand still and the cursor moves weither or not you're shooting; occationnaly, there's an ennemy with a knife that shows in the same plane as the player (that you can't shoot) so you have to hit the attack button when he's close for a melee attack; if you have trouble with a certain though ennemy, you can rapidly tap the attack button to charge a stunning attack to give some breathing time. If all of this seems hard, just know that you can do a quick dodge with the jump button, you could just jump OR as previously mentionned, you can shoot the ennemies' bullets.But what really is going to be the source of your challenge is the  character you pick. Clint and Annie are the standard ""normal mode"", they're the way the game is meant to be originally played; next they're Doris who's the slowest character, but she's has hard hitting grenades that can make quick work out most ennemies as well as a wider stun attack; and finally there's the dog Bullet, who has a remote drone that does the shooting, who's a smaller target, who can get picked up by his drone to float to the top of the screen and that doesn't die if the drone get's hit. Bullet's only drawbacks is that when you fire, the drones's cursor is locked to an single area until you stop firing and you can't shoot ennemy projectiles.Animations are great, the remastered tracks are fantastic and it's fun all around, highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,585910,33977727,Posted: 2 August,all,Reid,"If you like oldschool shooting gallery games, get this game.If you like kickass action and soundtracks, get this game.If you don't like any of them, get this game anyways cuz it'll change your mind~"
,Recommended,585910,33483644,Posted: 12 July,all,Acceptable Ghost,Wild Guns was already pretty cool. This is a really cool enhanced remake of that game.
,Recommended,585910,34178758,Posted: 11 August,all,The Sound of Dunder,"The original Wild Guns was an arcade styled SNES game that touted its arcade shooter stylings brought directly to the home. It was a short but sweet game that definitely knew how to kick your butt. The two player co-op was a ton of fun and the game was simple enough to play.Now take an already stellar game and give it probably one of the most faithful remakes I've ever seen. Now this isn't just a simple remaster where they up-rezzed stuff. Natsume plenty of new stuff to this version of the game, including two new wildly different characters and a 4-player co-op mode. They made the levels bigger to suit today's wide screen formats and even gave the enemies and bosses some new tricks as well. The remade soundtrack is basically just a punchier version of the original. (although the original Carson City theme will forever hold a special place in my heart)The game in actuality is pretty short, being an arcade game, but if this sounds like your jam I'd say it's worth it. It's a blast, and bring a friend or two to cover each other's backs."
,Recommended,585910,33619693,Posted: 17 July,all,WalŦz,"Having countless hours played on the SNES version, Wild Guns Reloaded brought back memories of why this obscure and underated game has always been my favorite on the SNES.To me, this is like the biggest update this game has had since 1994 and even today I still love this game.I can tell that without a tutorial this game is rather difficult for thoses who aren't veterans (though this game does come with a pdf manual) or the notorious multiplayer mode for the few that play it. And for that people have negative opinions on this game. I was like that at first, but somehow this game clicked with me regardless. Maybe the atmosphere, maybe the gameplay, or maybe I just like western themed items.If you're unsure, play the original through an emulator or something. If that clicks with you, then Reloaded should too."
76561198056163246,Recommended,585910,33529988,Posted: 13 July,all,Stepford Gamer,"One of the best, and unfortunately underrated, 16-bit games is back for the modern generation and it deserves to be welcomed with open arms. The original version from 1994 already looked, sounded and played great and that doesn't change here. Heck with HD graphics and sound it actually looks and sounds better than before. And not only that but this game now has more content with new characters, stages, enemies, and 4 player co-op.Though $20 may be just a little slightly pricey, I still HIGHLY reccomend this game and if you get it (which you should) you'll still walk away having played a great remake to a Super Nintendo classic."
,Recommended,585910,33569561,Posted: 15 July,all,BaitHero,A classic game made even better then it was. So much fun! Worth every second you play!
,Recommended,585910,33848689,Posted: 27 July,all,AG42,"100% accurate remake of one of the greatest games ever made. 11/10, buy it."
76561198170071287,Recommended,585910,33573029,Posted: 15 July,all,BezerKay,Fantastic arcade style shooter which provides a balanced difficulty and a great soundtrack.
76561198003285454,Recommended,585910,33670534,Posted: 20 July,all,Dacaskos,Hope Natsume remasters S.C.A.T and Shadow of The Ninja.
76561198032190159,Recommended,585910,33484680,Posted: 12 July,all,d1zL,"A Legendary title making a comeback from the super nintendo glory days, properly ported not emulated thank goodness.Highly recommend it to anyone seeking a challenge or is looking for a nice chunky bite of gaming fun.Hopefully other developers will bring some classics back in a manner NatsumeAtari has done!"
,Recommended,585910,34118436,Posted: 8 August,all,Agent,"Here we have a real gem of a game that you probably never heard ofWild Guns Reloaded is a remastered version of an SNES game that not many people knew of, which is a shame because what we have here is a really fun rail shooter.If you like shooting cowboys, robots and giant bosses, then this is the game for you."
76561198009735484,Recommended,585910,33613762,Posted: 17 July,all,emyeuvietnam,add online game mode and ill Suck your D...no question ask
,Recommended,585910,35137337,Posted: 22 September,all,ChewyCheeks,Watch out for P. GUN !!!
,Recommended,585910,35142257,Posted: 22 September,all,fxxk7692,Git GUD
76561198355287721,Recommended,585910,33572018,Posted: 15 July,all,NO RESTARTS YA WUSS!sleeping,"This is a great game! It is fairly short but it is part of a genre of game (Cabal shooter/Shooting gallery ) that i am fairly sure has not been replicated for years. THe only complaint that I have is that in multiplayer it locks in your difficulty based on the amount of players you have. If you play two players, it locks you in on easy for three its normal, and for four its hard. This wouldnt be such a big deal IF the new levels weren't locked behind the higher difficulties. so me and my brothers will nevere be able to play on hard mode or the hard mode levels together because of this."
,Recommended,585910,33466251,Posted: 11 July,all,梅毒ー様 RubberduckzillA,"Apart from the issue of kaspersky flagging it up as a Trojan, which is a false positive. the Game is fantastic, old school retro goodness with some very decent content updates and stuff that was orignally invisioned for the snes version but never made it due to hardware constraints. Tough as nails old school vibes to the max, could not relaly ask for mor. Also supports up to 4k resoluitions. Yes it's an old sprite based game but at least it looks good at your native res for what it is,"
76561198043547628,Recommended,585910,34185752,Posted: 12 August,all,cpnpixel,"Much harder than on SNES/SFC, but I wouldn't want to finish it in one sitting anyway.The parts they've revamped are amazing and tyhe new bits (compare how the first boss explodes) show attention to detail and talent, but then these developers (all 3 of them!) have been making games for a lo--ng time.Would love tro see direct input support, but you can't have it all!"
,Recommended,585910,33527208,Posted: 13 July,all,Director Bison,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing Awesome.
76561198073909713,Recommended,585910,33509108,Posted: 13 July,all,KJuuun,"1 of my favourite game on SNES, Bought it instanly when I saw it on steam! New content make this game fresh again, the game play, music and sound are as awesome as the old ver, It will be great if able to bring online coop and gamepad vibration to this game."
76561198179783286,Recommended,585910,35233831,Posted: 26 September,all,dr.tboaventura,"Please, new levels?!"
,Recommended,585910,35356132,Posted: 30 September,all,Professor Badvibes,The definitive version of one of the best games from the SNES.
,Recommended,585910,33494367,Posted: 12 July,all,[CN]Tie.My saltfish is playing,"We need Mouse operations to be supported,why only keyboard???The rest are great，if it is be supported，I will change my evaluating.ps：thanks mogul for telling me about SNES game...SuperWaffle 1 小时以前At it's core, t's a port of an SNES game. The original's crosshair was moved by the d-pad at a set speed. Using a mouse to aim would have drastically altered the games balance and feel. It seems this game is intended to be a faithful sort of enhanced port of the game and not some reimagining, which is good because this game is a classic and does not need to be reimagined.thanks very much"
,Recommended,585910,33497371,Posted: 13 July,all,MajorMoo,What other game would let you play as a dog controlling a flying sentry turret with his mind
76561197978402765,Recommended,585910,33530943,Posted: 14 July,all,Seb@s☠78,"4P Local Coop is a useless feature !!!/!\ we want 4P COOP ON-LINE !!! for infinite replayability.please listen your old (& new) fanbase request !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!cheers for a great license, game, musics, design & gameplay."
76561198032539511,Recommended,585910,33579191,Posted: 16 July,all,Invictus,"70%Bad 30% Great; but for multiplayer(Local only), its a blastMultiplayer enjoyment only, The bosses are one of 2 things; really dumb or really cheap. You can toss in the "" ITS CLASSIC CONSOLE DIFFICULTY' all your little heart can achieve, but the cheap bosses will still be cheap. Especially for how the game controls(awfully if you were curious). This game is only for multiplayer. Not because it does single player badly, but it because multiplayer perfectly, you can look past the defects in multiplayer because you have backup to do some damage on the bosses and you have better coverage. Other than bosses, the slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥control over the reticle, and the unbalancing for the difficulty system, this game is just as good as the original.Looking at it as a whole is a bad idea because it will be just be a piece of garbage to overlook, but seeing it as a classic 4 player arcade game that you would spend all your dang quarters on with 3 buddies at your local neighborhood nathans on a saturday will make it a true ode to the original.(For a steam version though and not a kick♥♥♥♥♥cabinet version at the arcade, it is still way overpriced.)"
,Not Recommended,585910,35090194,Posted: 20 September,all,shurudogaro,Only thing retained from the original is the high level of difficulty and cheap deaths. Gameply is much slower than the original. Considering a refund for this
76561197970848559,Not Recommended,585910,33612464,Posted: 17 July,all,[NSA]Carnage,Unacceptable that a pc port does not support m/kb controls. It also doesn't mention this on the store page either otherwise I wouldn't have bought the game. Thank goodness for steam refunds.
,Recommended,585910,35091014,Posted: 20 September,all,Tsukiyomaru Zero,"While I didn't have the fortune of seeing Wild Guns anywhere until the dawn of SNES emulation, the little I did see and played amused me lots. Back then I was in the ""Sunset Riders"" train and Wild Guns scratches that same Wild West itch that Sunset Riders did, while also experimenting with an idea that is similar to light gun and shoot'em ups, as you need to manually move out of the line of shot or shoot the bullets off the air, holding your ground for a time while taking down enemies to reduce that timer faster... It was all a fresh experience.It still is.This kind of gameplay isn't replicated often and, if it is ever replicated, most makes it so you can move AND aim AND shoot simultaneously, taking away the whole experience given by Wild Guns, so ever since I first saw Wild Guns I was looking all arouind for the SAME experience and could never find...Not until last night, when this game popped up on Special Offers. I don't know why Steam never recommended me this game, I would have wishlisted right away to know when it goes on sale, or I would have bought ASAP on release day, I'd do ANYTHING to play this game ever again. The offer was very tempting, 50% off and I had enough on my Steam Wallet for this, but I had to think whether or not to buy. Almost one hour later, decided to ""Ah, hell, why not"" and bought it anyways.So, onto Wild Guns Reloaded...I spoke of that experience I missed since the days of SNES, and how many games failed to replicate it. Turns out that apparently many lacked the same dedication Natsume had in making it so unique, so true to itself. Apparently, it wasn't easy, or perhaps they all wanted their twist to it, but our Natsume had different plans: they wanted to make true justice to what Wild Guns was, to bring the same experience and make it even fresher.The game in its essence is the very same, down to the very fact you move the cursor with the arrow keys or dpad, characters that have to hold their ground to shoot, but now so much more has been added! Stages, weapons and characters I've never seen! While the art appears to be the same, it was touched up nicely and new effects brings more light to the game without subtracting from the original experience. In fact, it made me even feel like I was playing some arcade game remix of it! And you can even play with 3 friends!Of course, there are some things that are ""lacking"" and are understandable, and I will address them so none of you need to look further nor misjudge the game:Mouse+Keyboard control would trivialize the entire game, and would also go against the general idea of how the game is meant to be played. The original game had no such thing as mouse aim or light gun, so the remake shouldn't either.The lack of Online Multiplayer is understandable in that netcoding isn't simple, specially if no netplay was considered from the very start. It could happen someday, but until then we could be patient and enjoy as it is.A thing I kind of wish it had is a Practice Mode, to practice stages you have been to and situations you have previously faced, and that's about it all.If you liked Wild Guns then, you will love Wild Guns Reloaded now, no need to second guess yourself or hesitate. If a fresh experience with the arcade shooting is what you want and need, Wild Guns Reloaded will scratch that itch nicely. If reliving the past  games' difficulties is something you desire, you are in for one big treat, partner! This one does not disappoint!"
76561197989053541,Recommended,585910,35055830,Posted: 18 September,all,cheffdonty,"Really great package here. Amazing graphics/sound design. The gameplay is tough as nails yet learnable, and the new characters are really fun to play."
,Recommended,585910,35252872,Posted: 27 September,all,RICH UNCLE PENNYBAGS,"Despite already owning this on disc for PS4 at $10 I had to bite.This is basically what a remake should be.  This game is an absolute classic on the SNES.  They've added new stages (in the style of the original game, of course), they've added new characters that play differently than the originals, and they've corrected the aspect ratio while still maintaining the gameplay.My only gripe is that there is no online multiplayer.  Yeah, yeah, offline multiplayer is better.  That's true of any game but it's not really an option sometimes."
