user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198048426334,Recommended,586140,32615819,Posted: 21 June,all,Clamper,"It took a while but they finally fixed everything they had to. Looking and playing nicely now.The game itself is godlike, no need to say anything further about it."
76561198104769921,Recommended,586140,32679488,Posted: 23 June,all,Kyuzo,"A great fighting game by a experienced company which made its own name by creating many games of this genre.BlazBlue Centralfiction is the last instalment in the series, and combines a dinamic and charismatic 2D battle system with a complex story and lore that has most of its fans completely intrigued and hooked.This game shines for its roster of 35 different characters, an astonishing soundtrack made by Daisuke Ishiwatari (both main composer and director of the Guilty Gear saga), its complex story and its fun mechanics.Unfortunately, this game doesn't have any demo, but by a few bucks you can adquire BlazBlue Calammity Trigger, the first instalment of this saga, to try it by yourself if you are not sure it will be of your like.Finally, while this game had a misfortuned launch, by today it has been completely fixed with some patches, solving issues like the sprites resolution, allowing the game to run at 3840x2160 px with great definition.If you decide to start this series, I truly wish you have fun and enjoy it as much as I did!"
,Recommended,586140,31760239,Posted: 14 May,all,Awarmtoiletseat,I want Nine to be my mommy.
,Recommended,586140,33874433,Posted: 29 July,all,Azon,WHEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNN YOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUU DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEWHEEEEEEEEERRRRRRREEEE'S YOOOOOOOOOOUR GOOOOOOOD
,Recommended,586140,32693967,Posted: 23 June,all,Grizzlywolf,"One of the most fun fighting games out there. Fun and no-nonsense mechanics, fast paced gameplay and a huge roster where every character has some unique gimmick. It also has a ton of singleplayer content. 12+ hour story mode, which is also a nice conclusion to Blazblue saga, arcade mode with 3 acts and a couple of secret bosses, fun rpg-like abyss mode, speed star and score attack modes. There's really a lot to do here even if you aren't into multiplayer. There's also a lot of unlockables, like extra character colors, old BGMs, illustrations, online avatars, lobby room decorations etc...It might not be the most balanced fighter out there, but unless you're planning to compete in high level tournaments it shouldn't really bother you. Get it, it's a ton of fun."
,Not Recommended,586140,31473064,Posted: 30 April,all,Sham,"As it is now, the port is very unpolished, and even the cards are pretty awful. Apparently, Kokonoe is a bearskin, instead of a beastkin.After a line of increasingly solid Arcsys ports, the quality of Centralfiction on the PC is a slap in the face. Far and wide, people including myself have encounteredVariable framerate (20 - 50 in my case)Sprite stretching/Sprite tearingImproper kerning/font formattingAntialiasing in-game making almost no differenceVsync being useless, which doesn't really surprise me given my framerate as is.JP only voices, which is a shame because the English voice actors were really quality, and for something that forces you to spend a lot of time reading (if you do the story mode), some people prefer to hear rather than read because it makes it easier to follow the flow of conversation if their eyes can focus on the faces instead of the text.An odd bug I encountered actually caused the backlog to scroll up without pause until I hit the start menu and backed out and went back in.Considering I want to finish the story before I get into the meaty multiplayer, the most polished part of the past few pieces, this really is unsettling to see such a drop in port quality for almost no reason.I will still finish this myself, however. I've already commited myself to this hellish task and I will write a full review later."
,Recommended,586140,31777753,Posted: 15 May,all,Tomata O'Hare,Pros:Really good game with interesting characters and stuff.Cons:Most of the people that play this are some of the saltiest people you'll meet in your life.
,Recommended,586140,34549164,Posted: 28 August,all,RAZERKhas,"This is a great 2D fighting game with a great story, variaty of characters, awesome combos and music. Max resolution is 4K, which is great. Worths it's price, totally recommended!"
,Not Recommended,586140,31381604,Posted: 26 April,all,Saninsince992,"What happened here?This game is 50gb, while the earlier entries in the series all ranged between 10 to 12gb in size. You'd think for five times the disk space we would get a lot of improvements over those past games, but nope.Some major negative points:-The game is insanely ugly. It looks miles worse than the console counterparts (even the PS3 version looks superior). It even looks worse than the previous titles on Steam somehow. Very pixelated, something about the resolution seems wrong as well on 1920p.-The optimization is awful. If you thought the 50gb would at least make the game run well, you would be very wrong sadly. On a really strong PC I have frame drops between rounds, other players have reported anything from massive frame drops to complete freezes.-Bugs. Have you ever tried to change your lobby settings and saw a random date in there instead of a simple number to choose how many players you want? This game has it. Online lobbies barely work on launch day. Some people can't see any at all. Connection status is finicky - you could set your connection to 2+ and still see a bunch of 0's all over the place, or you could just not see any connection bar at all. People getting stuck post-match in lobbies is also already an issue.-The game has stripped features from the console version. While this might not be too important for some people, it should still be noted that there is an entire online mode that is non-existent in the PC version. Either way you are getting a version that is stripped down to some extent compared to the console versions.-No English dub. So we get five times the installation size but are put down to only a Japanese track for this release compared to its prequels, something seems wrong there.-Controls don't seem properly implemented. While for the most part it might work well, it is definitely harder to input specials and chain some combos compared to earlier titles and even the same title on console. Something seems to be amiss here, but trying the same challenge on PS4 and Steam side to side can show how easy one can be on Playstation and completely infuriate you because the detection doesn't seem to work on PC.Generally I would advise anyone to stay away from this until a big sale or some patching has been done. It is unbelievable that a game that has already been out on consoles can be ported to PC one year late and be this broken. None of these issues basically existed on PS3 and PS4, not even on launch day, yet after a year the PC version looks like nobody tested it. It's uglier than consoles, it runs worse, it plays worse, it has less to offer, and is priced higher than the current console price.I don't know what went wrong here, it's as if nobody tested this. But for the price they are asking giving us an inferior buggy badly performing port of an old game is unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,586140,31391081,Posted: 27 April,all,Howling Wind,"Is the game fun? Yes.Does it have cool fighting mechanics? Yes.Am I gonna enjoy it? Very likely.But here I am, not recommending it.Why? Because ArcSys should learn not to treat us like trash. I'm perfectly aware that this won't do much, but I saw similar discontent around, so I hope that a chorus might do something. Worst case scenario, I got a weight off my chest.So.1) Resolution problems, the characters' sprites are a pixellated mess2) Technical problems, I had to gather a circle of computer geeks to help me setting the graphic card so that I could play the game. Because if you don't, you get an ASTOUNDING 25 FPS during fights. Truly a fast paced fighting game! I managed to fix it, but not thanks to ArcSys and I don't know if it worked for other people as well3) The jerk move of not hiring the English VA; I know it's not an issue with the Steam version, but a choice that was applied to the PS4 as well, but that doesn't change anything. Blazblue has a good following in the world and it's not like Japanese is one of the languages with most speaker... Do you think you are Chinese? That would be justified at least. So yeah, it was a jerk move to the VAs that stuck around in the last 3 games (Ragna's VA was kinda angry about it) and it was a jerk move to us... Oh of course, we have (badly done and written in a horrible font) translations, but that doesn't cover all the pre/post battle quotes... Not even a sub. Considering all the new characters and important interactions, it really makes me angry and disappointed4) A general lack of attention to certain visual elements... The HUD is dull and, as I mentioned, the font for the texts is horrible... And since I can't hear the dialogues because of moon language and the story mode il 99% texts it's sort of a major problem5) The menu controls are tied to the in-battle controls... So once you reset the button pattern to suit your fighting style, you get a mess in the menus... the 'A' button of my Xbox controller gives cancel and back inputs, that's annoyingSo yeah. At least I feel better"
76561198091677219,Recommended,586140,34794482,Posted: 7 September,all,Weary=Otaku,"TLDR: Incredible and addictive gameplay, extremely fulfilling story for those who played story mode in the other games (or at least Chronophantasma), 36 characters including every character from the prior Blazblue games.Blazblue Centralfiction along with the entire series is a masterpiece in my opinion. This game completed the story in a way that I think most fans can appreciate. I started playing Blazblue at the beginning of July 2017 and since then have played through the story in the 4 games, and now I'm just trying to get better at facing other players! Definitely one of my favorite game series by far.Blazblue is far from new so it's honestly not that easy going against veterans while being relatively new myself, but it's so worth it to get better at this game. And if I can stand my ground against long-time players, anyone else can too! So don't be discouraged if you're new because that's how everyone starts. And if you want to get better fast, you just gotta play somewhat often and do some challenges and spend a little time in practice mode!EDIT: This game comes with a free soundtrack, so if you enjoy the music as much as I do, you'll enjoy having this on your phone/iPod/MP3EDIT2: Jubei is out, bringing the roster up to 36"
,Recommended,586140,31602494,Posted: 7 May,all,PsychoAce,"So upfront I just wanna say I absolutely love the Blazblue series and I have been playing the PS4 version of this particular title for a long time now ever since the Japanese release, so I maaaaaay be a bit biased here, keep that in mind.First I'm gonna go over some Overall review stuff and after that I'm gonna focus on the Quality of the Port:If you're looking for your typical ""airdasher/anime fighter"" you're gonna be right at home with the Blazblue Series.While, yes I agree, that the balancing in previous titles was a bit questionable, I have to say that I am really happy with how Central Fiction turned out to be.As always every character has a very unique playstyle and if you're like me then finding specific things that work and figuring out combos with each character is a freaking blast. The new character additions: Hibiki, Naoto, Nine, Izanami, Es, Susanoo and Mai each are extremely fun to play and look fancy ingame.Having all of the old characters as well though means that you are going to see the rise in quality (mainly sprites and animation) with each generation. While the new characters are very fluent in motion, some of the old characters CAN look a little choppy at some points but they still all work great together.Sadly this title lacks a bit in the ""content"" part compared to some previous games in the series. Which does not mean that it has no content besides battleing vs CPUs/Players or Online noooo far from it.You have your typical modes like:-Arcade (with 3 different ladders/acts depending on the character. Each tells a different part of their story)-Versus (fight against the CPU or friends locally)-Score Attack (fight against CPUs to get as much points as possible by doing different things)-Training-Challenge Mode (basically a given nowadays, lets you practice beginner-hard combos for every character)-Tutorial Mode (explains the main mechanics of the game, duh)About the Story...I'm not gonna spoil a thing I just wanna say it's a hit or miss wether you like it or not.It is and has always been pretty much a visual novel with the occasional fight here and there and SOME choices which basically only change whether you progress in the story, get a bad ending or you might also see a joke ending...which I have to say are still freaking well done and pretty damn funny.I personally really like the story however confusing it might be and I was really looking forward to seeing an actual ending. Only thing I'm gonna say is ""I was not disappointed...only a little sad...NO IM NOT FKN CRYI-""Blazblue also always had some fun bonus modes that you could look at like:-Abyss ModeThis has been changed quite alot in the series...I actually like this one the least.It basically is a mode where you fight on increasingly more difficult ladders and earn more stats and items for your character to power you up and defeat ridiculously powerful bosses.One thing I have to say about this though is that the bosses may be frustrating but some of them are extremely interesting to fight and can teach you a thing or two.-Speed StarNow this is something new. Speed Star is an interesting thing. Basically you have different difficulty settings in this mode which decide how many enemies you are going to face and how hard they will be. In this mode you do not take damage. Instead you have pretty long match timer in the beginning and everytime you take damage time gets taken away from you. However everytime you do something good like damage the opponent or pull of Hypers or long combos you get more time added to your timer. The Goal of this mode is to keep your timer up during the entire ladder to finish it since time gets carried over to different fights. Pretty fun actually also rather challenging.----Alright! Technical♥♥♥♥♥♥time!:New Mechanics introduced:Exceed Accel - basically a move that can only be done during overdrive by pressing all face buttons at once does around 2k normally and 4k with ""Active Flow"". If you do not have Active Flow while hitting this it will put you in Active Flow. Since these moves are safe and can punish you for just pressing a button they can be rather annoying especially considering that they deal 4k with Active Flow. They scale pretty hard in combos though. You can also simply hold down all face buttons while not in Overdrive to enter Overdrive and immediately do an Exceed Accel to♥♥♥♥♥♥of everyone on the face of the planet...or maybe just me, but the can be pretty handy as combo finishers since the will put you in Active Flow or can still deal a decent amount even in a combos during Active Flow. Finishing off an opponent with this counts as an Overdrive Finish. Now I mentioned Active Flow a ton so...what is it?Active Flow - basically the opposite of Negative Penalty status. When you fight aggressively you enter Active Flow, which boosts damage and your recovery of the Burst Gauge. Active Flow is pretty hard not to notice since your character emblem in your side is gonna start glowing and the announcer will yell out ""Active Flow!"". If you have Active Flow but no burst gauge your empty burst gauge will glow instead. Also an Exceed Accel during active flow will always have a different animation then without AF.Changes:Same Move Proration - Now I only really think that there is one big change in Central Fiction and it's that ""Same Move Proration"" is removed. So basically you can have the same specials and normals loop multiple times in a combos but the damage is gonna scale pretty damn hard.----Now let's talk about Online Play:You have a couple of modes here: Ranked, Player Matches and Open lobbies.Open lobbies are big lobbies you can join..each room holds around 32 players and there are multiple servers for each region. You can even customize a little avatar for yourself to run around in these lobbies. To get more stuff for your avatar you have to use ingame currency to play what is basically a slot machine.In Player Lobbies you can even customize the entire room yourself which is pretty cool! You get a ton of options to choose from but most have to be drawn from the slot machine.Netcode:Now...I know the netcode is not perfect...far from it, but it is by no means horrible. When I play with people from Europe I have little to NO delay...it can however in rare instances freeze for a very short time.The ingame ""Delay"" display is...pretty stupid...it doesn't tell you jack♥♥♥♥♥♥most of the time where it told me that I would have terrible delay in a match the match was so fkn smooth you could slide on that♥♥♥♥♥♥all day.Maybe thats just for me but it's basically not a good indicator.-----------------OK! Now the thing that you all came here for! The Port!:One good thing upfront..You get ALL THE DLC with this Port! that said...I was really suprised with how bad it was at launch...it seemed rushed and unpolished compared to the great ports of the other titles.Now don't get me wrong it's not horrible, in fact it is getting patched alot!but there are still some issues that bug me a bit.I gotta say I seem to be one of the lucky people that does not have any issues with Framerate whatsoever so if you're looking into that I can't really help you. I am playing on butter smooth 60fps all the time. No matter what happens in the game. (same goes for the guy I play with alot)I am also not really ""qualified"" to talk about keyboard controls since...I don't hate myself so much that I would play on keyboard...I'm joking!....memes?...sorry.Now what really really REALLY bugs me are the sprites and text and all that...they looks so...ew.I know that they are going to fix this and I'll probably change this review if they do but right now everything is a LITTLE weird looking except for the character portraits and all that...that's the thing that bugs me the most.SO overall I absolutely recommend it since the developers are still working on fixing everything. ""Good"" Port of a great Game!"
,Recommended,586140,31420755,Posted: 28 April,all,Rotlung,"The (tentatively) final chapter of BlazBlue is pretty good, and I'm actually quite satisfied with the port.The game itself has no major problems, though the issue of port quality does come up every now and then.A little bit of configuration is required:1.) The game defaults to using the onboard integrated graphic card, so you need to play around with some settings (Nvidia Control Panel in my case) to make sure the game is using the correct card.2.) The game also locks itself to 50FPS, though a workaround that worked for me was to set the game to run on full windowed (i.e. borderless fullscreen). This got me to 60FPS right away, and I was getting to work with the game like I did with BBCPEX.The team behind the port is still working on ironing out the kinks (still being patched), so I'm confident it'd turn out as solid as the BBCPEX port is soon. I don't really pay much attention to issues regarding sprite quality (game already looks great to me), and the control scheme is decent enough. so I guess your mileage may vary. But with all the DLC included, and this being basically a working port, I'm quite satisfied with the purchase.Edit: It has recent come to my attention that an alternative fix to the 50FPS problem (point 2) in fullscreen is to disable Vsync (be sure to alt+tab out of the game and go back in for it to actually take effect). The monitor will still display at 50Hz, but the game will run at 60FPS. You'd experience some screen tearing as a result, but it's a good workaround nonetheless if windowed mode (and its variants) don't work well for you.Edit2: As of v1.03 (released on 11 May 2017), the issue of the game locking to 50 FPS with fullscreen and VSYNC enabled has been resolved for me."
,Not Recommended,586140,31991841,Posted: 27 May,all,ComCoyote,"Numerous technical issues caused by terrible optimization and loads of cutout content: online team battles, unlimited characters and english dub are all, but gone. No comic segments like ""Help me, prof. Kokonoe"" or ""Teach me more, Ms. Litchi"" either. Abyss mode is an unfun parody of itself, gag endings are few and far between, gallery mode is shallow with nothing interesting to unlock and you can't even customize your ID card and player room without playing some kind random unboxing mini-game, like, are you kidding me? (What the hell is a ""gacha"" anyway..?) Changes to the fighting system itself are fine, but I'm perplexed at complete lack of ""same attack combo"" penalties (Relius's ""Id Lauger"" two or even three times in a row? Yes, please!) and the sped up overhead moves. Crush Trigger effectiveness was toned down and they don't stun the opponent at all, unless fully charged, which kind of defeats the whole purpose of them being a tool for punishing overly defensive opponents. The new characters - except for Nine, Izanami and Susano'O - feel like pointless fan-service inclusions that have no interesting mechanics and bring almost nothing to the experience storywise. To sum it up: this is the worst PC port in the series, but the game itself also kinda feels inferior to ChronoPhantasma Extend. Like it has been rushed out or something, except to my knowledge it wasn't and the PC port arrived half a year after the console version was out worldwide. There's no excuse."
,Recommended,586140,31380533,Posted: 26 April,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Central Fiction is a satisfying conclusion to one of the best fighting game franchises of all time. Awesome stylistic gameplay, some of the best newcomers in the series to date, an absolutely fantastic soundtrack, great visuals and an engaging story, there is no reason for anyone to not pick up Central Fiction.Pros:+ New gameplay mechanics+ New game modes.+ 40 hour long story.+ Expanded arcade mode.+ Great new art.+ Improved story mode presentation.+/- Complex story, recommend playing through previous games.Cons:-Network mode hasn't changed much.-Abyss/Score Attack haven't changed much.-No english dub-Certain roster balancing issues--Graphics--The visuals have improved since CPEX. New stages look excellent. Old stages have been touched up. New portrait art for the entire Blazblue cast largely improved over the last instalments.--Gameplay--The gameplay is fast, stylistic and awesome to play. There are a lot of mechanics to this game with a few changes from the previous titles, but the very detailed and well done tutorial mode will help you through those changes and new additions.--Sound--The sound is well made and has good production value. Every impact, jump, footstep etc. offers good aural feedback and makes the gameplay feel more weighty. Daisuke Ishiwatari returns introducing new blood-pumping metal tracks that the series is known for.Network Mode has not changed at all. Lobby still as empty as ever.--Characters--Some balancing issues are present within the character roster. A certain new character is somewhat broken and wipes the floor with the rest of roster.--Game Mode--There Are 35 characters to choose from, each of them have 3 separate story acts to delve into. Each character has their own story leading up to the main Story Mode. This mode alone will offer around 20 hours of play time. Abyss Mode and Score Attack modes return without any significant changes. Speed Star Mode is a new mode where you must defeat as many opponents as you can on a set time limit. Certain actions such as executing Exceed Accels will allow you to extend the time.--The Bad--No English Dubbing for all charactersConclusion and verdictCentral Fiction set out to be the be all and end all  BlazBlue package, and it pulls it off marvelously. With the largest cast of characters to date, and a number of extra modes, the amount of gameplay variety is staggering. While the story ends the struggle of protagonist Ragna The Bloodedge nicely, it’s disappointing to see so many other great characters barely given anything to do. Add that to the major mistep of having no English voicework, and there are a few areas where Central Fiction falters. Regardless, Central Fiction has the most gameplay content and the best gameplay of any title in the series. Longtime fans will be satisfied, and newcomers have more reason to jump in now than ever before.9/10 if only the english dubbing still exist.NOTE: this is the 2nd time i'm buying this game and i have already own and play the ps4 version. So mark this review as buying guideline.you will be the judge."
,Recommended,586140,32962376,Posted: 28 June,all,Valiance,"BlazBlue is the series that has acted as my gateway to 2D fighters.If you're a fan of 2D fighting games (and even if you aren't yet!) then this should certainly be a part of your collection. Excellent sprites and stages, a solid soundtrack, an in-depth combo system and a very diverse cast of characters. Theres something here for beginners and veterans alike.This game acts as the conclusion to the series so it might be better to get one of the older games if you're interested in the story.Netplay is region locked but you can still play with people from other regions that you invite via steam or you can use a patch to get around the lock that you can find on the game's community page.The game is a port and there have been some issues since release, but most of them have been fixed and the developer has been actively pushing out patches.The biggest downside is that this particular entry in the series doesn't have english Voice Actors and it likely never will.Overall, highly recommended."
,Recommended,586140,34051790,Posted: 5 August,all,someunknownguy # 1412,"Pros+ Decent cast of characters+ Lots of single-player stuff+ Pretty 2D sprites + Nice 3D backgrounds+ Helpful tutorials+ Kickass OST (thanks, B A S E D Ishiwatari)+ Nice digital artbook+ Everything prior to 2.0 is included, I thinkCons- Hard to find opponents online- CP still has a better Abyss mode- Need to play the previous games just to get a full understanding of the story- No sound test- Large HDD storage requirementMixed? Susanoo is tricky yet fun to use? No English dub (JP voice fan here though, but some of the English voices do stand out for me)? No Unlimited characters (but there's Boss Rush)? Active Flow and Overdrive? How Stylish mode works in this gameLooking forward to 2.0."
,Recommended,586140,31386285,Posted: 26 April,all,✿ justin,"At first I was pretty frustrated with how my frame rates were going all over the place (My laptop uses a GTX 970M so my frame rates shouldn't be all over the place). Even before that I was so lost on how to re-map my buttons because for some reason the game hard-coded the return and confirm buttons onto the actual attacks (no reason why they would do that when they didn't do that in bbcpex). Because I'm not one of the lucky few whom play with a fightstick or even a controller I'm forced to use keyboard, not that I mind anyways. However, I move with my arrow keys and for some reason I wasn't able to map my movement functions with the arrow keys (so I was honestly all over the place at this point).Despite being at my wit's end, I persevered and decided to scour this discussion thread for some hope on button mapping/frame rate stability (I tried every resolution, fullscreen/windowed/fullscreen windowed, vsync on/off, but to no avail). By amazing luck someone had posted a fix (dealing w/ going into the intel graphics panel and turning off some anti-aliasing options in the 3D section). For me I just had to go on my nvidia graphics panel and tinker a bit with the 3D options and managed to fix the frame rate. This was a great start for me!I still had the problem with button mapping, so after I had fixed my frame rate I decided to test it out in training mode. By accident I moved the arrow keys and my character moved. I was actually really confused as to how I could move my character with the arrow keys without having to map it. I decided to go to the button mapping settings to see if I could change my A, B, C, D. I managed to change my A, B, C, D to my prefered buttons but sadly return and confirm were still hard coded on C and D. Honestly don't understand why they did that still. If you didn't do it in BBCPEX, why would you do it for BBCF? Legit just code the mapping as you did in BBCPEX instead of trying some random implementation that for one has no value and two is more problematic than helpful.Other than that, the gameplay is as to be expected. The game itself is honestly amazing and I don't regret buying the game at all. I became a fan of the Blazblue series when I saw the top 8 for CPEX at EVO 2013. I was so hyped to the point where I would be jumping out of my chair at all the insane clutches that were happening. I didn't get the chance to really play the game till recently with CPEX going on sale for 7 dollars and when CF was annouced for a pc port I immediately set myself out to buy it.Honestly, English Dub has no real value to me since I went through all of CPEX w/ japanese voice over and english text. I mean that's how I watch anime so I saw no real difference in doing this. Though it's a shame that they removed that option for the people whom actually preferred it, this really demean the value of how good the game is. The story is compelling and I couldn't wait for this game to come out after I had finished all of CPEX 3 days ago.Only downside at the moment is the pixelated character models. Hopefully a patch comes in soon that allows for the game to actually show 1080p character models, but for now honestly I'm fine with it since I can actually play the game now. People definitely are overreacting and putting the negatives out of proportion. The game is well worth it."
,Recommended,586140,31480363,Posted: 30 April,all,Elfezen,"One of the best Anime & Gaming series ever, the Story is so epic that it's breathtaking, the Characters are all amazing in their own way, the gameplay is awesome and fast-paced with really good ultimate moves and the overall enviroment with Ragna the Bloodedge as the badass main protagonist is definately worth experiencing."
,Recommended,586140,33643229,Posted: 18 July,all,Iron_Tiki,"It's Blazblue baby!This game is a fantastic mess of practically every mechanic in any fighting game ever made, and the story is a slurry of barely coherent and conflicting events, strung loosely together with time travel and dimension hopping. Despite this, it's compelling and entertaining.Under the surface, it's one of the most well thought out and diverse fighting games out there. Every character feels completely unique, and there's unparalleled depth and complexity with how each one interacts with the game's many mechanics.Play Blazblue if you want a very fast paced fighting game with a rabbit hole of strategic complexity, where it's easy to spend hours in training mode devising new tech, mixups, conversions, mindgames, combo routes, counterplay, etc. If you put in the time, there are very few games that feel as tight and freeform as Blazblue.Don't play Blazblue if you're looking for something simple, clean, and streamlined. The game is complex to a fault, and it can get extremely overwhelming. Learning matchups is hard work since the cast is so diverse, and fighting against different characters can make it feel like an entirely different game at times. The roster is massive as well, and you'll need to spend a lot of brain power adapting to different situations.Note: I held off on posting this review because initially the PC port of this game was pretty rough, but at time of writing, all my issues with it have been fixed. (Controllers work fine, inputs are coming out okay, sprites no longer pixelated, no more issues with the game reverting to integrated graphics.) Not only that, but the game seems to have gotten some optimization updates, since friends of mine who previously couldn't run it are now able to without any difficulty. The port is good, save for the fact that your keyboard always registers as player 1, so it's sometimes hard to set up games with keyboard vs. controller/fightstick. But who plays on keyboard anyways?"
,Recommended,586140,31769288,Posted: 15 May,all,Leonartha,"blazblue is truly  a great non mainstream fighting gamemostly people didn't like the over-complicated story mode used on fighting game but that is actually what make it great..this is for me the best fighting game everalso with great conclusion of the saga( at least for this arc)mine didn't have any frame rate issue (graphic card gtx970), only pixelated sprite charactermight not be a good port but doesnt stop you to enjoy the game."
,Recommended,586140,31424059,Posted: 28 April,all,The Troll Toll,"I've been running this game on launch with a graphics card that usually fits on a moderately powerful computer. It runs perfectly at 1080p and 60fps.Pro's-Sizeable roster with some welcome new characters-Beautiful stage design and art direction-Varied soundtrack that's catchy as hellMeh's-Plot isn't 10/10, but totally pulls a MGS2 towards the endCon's (but not really)-Difficulty with keyboard bindings for all the 6 people who play competetive fighting games with a keyboard-Unable to bind controls with an Atari 2600 controller or PS2 Eyetoy Camera-Resolution bugs for people who haven't reached 1080p in 2017-(on a serious note, some -but not many- optimisation issues that have been since fixed after the first day of launch. Also 20GB install??? Whats up with that?)"
76561198059881207,Recommended,586140,31426537,Posted: 28 April,all,nomq,"All the bad reviews you see are just fans a bit angry about the port .BUT its not that bad of a port ( still inferior to playstation as for now ) , the game itself totaly worth it even with the current port.The controls on a controllers are solid ( im used to the vita controls , so I havnt tried using the keyboard )Whats bad in the port :No dub , I realy liked some of the English voices better .I had to play with the settings to see the text clearly in story mode ."
,Recommended,586140,31416157,Posted: 28 April,all,⊰Y0G⊱,"Man that ending made me cry like such a ♥♥♥♥♥ and get such an erection at the same time, thats how you know the story is done good.I 100% recommend this if you are a fan of BlazBlue, I dont recommend starting the series with this game as one of the keyparts of BlazBlue is its story."
76561198033320611,Recommended,586140,31444825,Posted: 29 April,all,//\\chron,Well to start off pretty much if you are playing this game you been following this game since calamity trigger and man the moment i saw this game released i instantly bought it.few things i came across was it felt like the game was very rushed wise. like optimization was not their goal when they put it on pc but still it was playable in the end. i compared the blazblue CP and this one and let say their a massive difference in quality and details when it comes to the story. but still i still played.the Story in general was Amazing i loved it and i hate to know this is the last game now for this amazing series. but still worth the buyTheir was really on ONE concern that made me frown on this version of the game. NO ENGLISH DUB. like man why did the LAST game have to be sub only like come on like i been loving the english dub  since calamity trigger for awhile but man did that really Stand out when playing the story line on this game. But still the story line was a must to know what happen and still i loved the story.[I still hope they are planning to make a english dub in the future for this game i would pay for it if it had to be a dlc]so far overal this game is worth the buy mainly for just the story line cause thats what i mainly bought the game for casue i fell deep in love with the depth and animation of the story.for old veterans of this game go ahead buy it.but for someone who wants to just 1v1 everytime i say stay with CP until they  can manage to fix the bugs. but not much has changed beside unlimited mode and the combat combo feel a lot different.BUT WORTH IT :).
,Recommended,586140,31855631,Posted: 20 May,all,Moony,"A fitting ending for my beloved videogame saga. The story was a bit slow at times, but the finale, both sad and heartwarming, made up for it.Gameplay is still solid and entertaining. Voice acting is great as always. The balance in the character roster still favors some characters more than the others, but that doesn't bother me that much.Most of the issues I had with the port have already been resolved, so there is no reason not to leave a positive review anymore. I am grateful that BB franchise has been brought to Steam."
,Recommended,586140,32665583,Posted: 22 June,all,GabCHan,Bought it after the day of release...after several updates finally all problems are fixed...now the game is playable...worth the wait :')
,Recommended,586140,32898024,Posted: 27 June,all,Your ReCreation Fyonne,"It's fighting game, but you do play it for the story."
76561198133213470,Recommended,586140,35081910,Posted: 20 September,all,Draken,My Specs:I5 6600KGTX 107016GB RAMPros:+ Running 4K solid 60 FPS+ Graphics are great+ So Many Characters+ Great Soundtrack+ Lots of fighting modesCons:- No English dubConclusion:This is an amazing game9/10Note: i wasn't a fan of fighting games before but now i m interested on this genre after playing this game!
76561198172042158,Recommended,586140,31385012,Posted: 26 April,all,Zen | Mars,"Great game, that just needs a patch to be playable.EDIT: Has been patched and it runs smooth like butter now."
,Recommended,586140,31693366,Posted: 11 May,all,Jam,"Im not a huge fan if Blazblue in fact before playing this version id say I didnt like it. I have played all of them to some extent. but this is by far the best verion of blazblue, unlike some versions that seem like a step back this iiteration is worth the price for sure.If you liked vanilla or CP and kinda got bored, this is a great game to revisit the series on.As far as the port goes its got what you would expect and want, you can invite friends via the steam overlay and it worked with my ps4 pad without DS4 tool which is nice. No FPS issues or problems with reassigning buttons.Higher resolutions dont look great, BB uses the same low res sprites its always used and when you blow up the res on pc its not always pretty. That aside the effects are nice and the game looks fine in motion.My biggest complaint is the games size 50GB is huge especially compared to the other BB games which were under 20gb. The game has a ton of stages and variants as well as music so im assuming thats where it all comes from.There is also NO english dub, I dont think the last version was dubbed, and I would really love one for this game. If thatsa  deal breaker for you buyer beware. The Japanese voices arent bad, and actually pretty nice on some charachters but anybody whos used to the dubs will probably miss them."
,Recommended,586140,34868590,Posted: 10 September,all,DeathofaStar/久子,"Tl;dr: YAS.First off I would like to note if you care about the story, it's seriously worth grabbing the others for their story first.  BE WARNED IT IS KNOWN TO BE 'LONG' and 'CONVOLUTED' TO SOME PEOPLE.  To me it wasn't really all that hard to follow but there is a LOT of♥♥♥♥♥♥going on so if you are bad at keeping track of a ton of things you might have a bit of an issue following some things.  There are a lot of resources for filling in stuff you don't know, and you don't exactly have to buy the xblaze novels and stuff to fully understand the story as most of that again can be found online (but I would say it seems worth looking into!)30~hr or so of story if you're a quick reader (probably a lot longer if you take your time).  Gameplay is very well balanced between characters (yes some characters have bad matchups but welcome to any fighting game; overall the balance is very good and will be even better with the 2.0 patch coming soon!).40 or some♥♥♥♥♥♥playable characters; with a new one coming soon (Jubei of the Six Heroes: with a price tag of $7 at least on the console versions; kinda ludicrous if you ask me)Mulitplayer online connection is very stable with (generally) no lag assuming your internet isn't bad (connection quality wise/ping, not necessarily speed).  Have played this fine on a mobile internet connection with people across the country.  Unfortunately as this is the PC version and not the console versions (where everyone plays apparently even though they should be here!  but I digress) the playerbase isn't very large but you can usually find a few games.  So hope you have a friend to play with (as you should because this is a great game to pick up with a friend; but this also brings me to another con.I have not figured out a way to get 2 playstation controllers (authentic sony dualshock 3 from back when I bought my ps3) to work as p1 and p2 respectively.  they both seem to want to work for p1.  Local Multiplayer is kind of a joke sadly, bad port in that regard.  The graphics are nothing terribly amazing compared to the previous installment but it's not to be said that they are bad, because they are decent.  This definitely feels like a rushed port but overall the quality of the game outweighs the bad.7/10."
,Recommended,586140,33647072,Posted: 19 July,all,Pixelica,"I don't play fighting game that much, but this one I could enjoy it. The artstyle, movement, and fighting mechanic is just superb. Also the story mode is rather interesting unlike on many other fighting game."
,Recommended,586140,33135856,Posted: 2 July,all,Shankyboy,"i really love this game good character design,good soundtrack,good story,But the only problem that i have is hard to find another player for netplay."
76561198160868511,Recommended,586140,34423200,Posted: 22 August,all,Strayed Lynx,"The latest installment of the Blazblue series,an immaculate gameplay,great story,told via visual novel segments and a huge roster of playable characters make Blazblue:Central Fiction an amazing fighting game and a truly amazing gaming experience."
,Recommended,586140,31420650,Posted: 28 April,all,Laj Oto'oy,"If you enjoy Blazblue then get this game. It's the last one they're making and it's definitely the best. There are quite a few errors in this port so you'll have to be a bit patient and maybe change out of windowed mode and mess with the resolution. They are patching it as they can but they put it on Steam a full year earlier than normal so it's definitely got some bugs, but the game itself is perfectly playable."
,Recommended,586140,31429098,Posted: 28 April,all,TheFr0stByte,"While I do believe this is an inferior port and that the PS4 version is better. I think the speedy release of the 1.01 patch helped a lot. Personally, I never actually got to play vanilla as I had not purchased until the exact day 1.01 lauched, by sheer coincedence. So I guess that's cool, but I also don't have anything to compare it to either. Now I will say that this game does STILL look more pixilated than the PS4 version. Now I ain't runnin on no 1080p so that could be the cause but I still don't think it's an excuse, your game should look decent no matter what the res is (within reason of course). I find my game only lags on the anime cutscenes (wierd but I know a workaround to sort of fix that) and durring Exeed Accel attacks. Haven't tried astrals yet. So basically, it's slightly more demanding on your computer than CPEX, but not really by a whole lot. And I'm not sure why either, considering CPEX actually looks cleaner even on lowered settings. I also don't get why it's so freaking big. 52 Gigs? Seriously? Why tho?If you have a PS4 get it on there. It's just better. Straight up. If you already have PS4 version, don't really waste your time with this one. BUT if you're like me and PC is your only path to some sweet BlazBlue goodness, it's still worth the buy. I'm faithful that Arks will continue to work on this version to make it as close to perfect as possible. I mean crap how fast did 1.01 come out? Dang that was fast. Gameplay is solid, and that matters more to me than anything, that and the story (but crap I'm still backed up at CSEX in that regard).TLDR; It's worth it, but it does depend on your situation. Not worth buying again if you have console."
,Recommended,586140,31418685,Posted: 28 April,all,Kinetic,"Game's good, more Blazblue is always nice,Wish the game would work tho, that'd be nice."
,Recommended,586140,33130116,Posted: 2 July,all,GuardMeShielder,Great fighting game well worth your time.
,Recommended,586140,31562361,Posted: 5 May,all,ThePrototypeGear,"EDIT: The new update has certainly come around for this one. It now plays good, AND looks good! The sprites have been refined to look smoother, and the new greater control over graphics has made frame drops an almost non-issue. To the devs behind this port, I say well done. You have  quelled my initial fears for this port.No english dub is still a downer, though. A mod for it is available, however, so that sorta mitigates it a bit. I still wanna see it in the future, although i'm referring to arcsys on this, not the porting devs.Give yourself a pat in the back, Shini. You earned it."
76561197999410300,Recommended,586140,31382057,Posted: 26 April,all,Wham,"Edit: As of June 21st 2017, they have added graphical options that have fixed the performance issues many have been having.  The game now plays as it should on the systems that should be able to run it.  The game itself is my personal favourite in the series, and a few balance issues aside, it is a very solid anime fighting game that offers a large amount of content."
,Recommended,586140,33043492,Posted: 30 June,all,medic_ 波兰,"I don't really know where to start with this. I absolutely love this game and let me tell you why.Great story that basically sums you up what you missed if you didn't buy the previous games? Check.Fantastic music and stages to play on? Check.Constant fixes and updates? Check but not really. Unlike the previous games this one won't get the Extend version but what can you do.Multiple single player modes that bring in hours of gameplay and replayability? Check.A big roster of characters to use? Check. (35 in total)Is the game playable without a controller? Absolutely. But i'd still recommend getting a controller or an arcade stick if you have one.Now about the online play.The game's online play is sadly region locked but that can easily be fixed via a mod.The netcode itself is great. 0-1 bar connections can feel like 2-3 bar connections. Well, maybe except for few times when you run into a 0 bar connection that borderline playable.The online play may look a bit empty at times but there's always people to ask for games or host lobbies on the game's reddit discord which i recommend joining if you're looking for online play with someone from your region.tl;dr: The game's great. Go get it if you can.Bring english voice actors back pls"
,Recommended,586140,31409122,Posted: 27 April,all,3RDplayer,"Central Fiction is not just the fourth installment of the same game you already purchased trice. It also is the most casual friendly entry of the series so far. Blazblue is not just about fighting, it features a rich and deep anime trope heavy but engaging story as well as various game modes to keep you busy.Arcade & StoryArcade and Story Mode is one of the three staples the series got to offer. Spread across multiple chapters and up to 3 acts per characters arcade mode, it’s a story rich and short timed experience.The second staple of the series are the Additional Modes, Abyss, Score Attack and Speedstar Mode.AbyssCentral Fiction’s Abyss is by far the best iteration of the Abyss yet. It combines the infamous Unlimited Mars with the Chronophantasmas Abyss Mode. Eight 100 depths deep stages need to be conquered. By defeating opponents you unlock grimoires to equip and items and skills to upgrade them, as well as gaining experience to level up, which makes you stronger in overcoming later stages. A specific amount of bosses in the formerly unlimited mars called boss rush mode also needs to be reached to progress even further.Score AttackThe score attack is back. This time with various difficulties and courses to go through. Which gives us casuals the chance to adjust the difficulty to our skillevel, unlike the previous iterations that were too hardSpeedstarIt’s some sort of survival mode in which you take on the timer while having infinite health. By using special attacks and maneuvers you can regain seconds on the timer. If you run out of time before defeating the last opponent you have to start over.CompetitiveThe third staple includes the competitive online features. Face other players in ranked battle or customize your room and gamertag with avatars, furniture and more to invite other players for a tea party with cookies and even more fighting!In Blazblue Central Fiction is something to be found for everyone. So hook up your gamepad onto your PC and enjoy yourself."
,Recommended,586140,31410924,Posted: 28 April,all,Jarxo,"I have never had a games story make me cry the way this game did.It's so perfect....especially considering its a fighting game.YOU WILL NEVER see another fighting game series ( In fact, most game series ) with a story as emotionally touching as BlazBlue."
76561198182319654,Recommended,586140,31384800,Posted: 26 April,all,Wuby1221,"they are progressively patching the things wrong with the port. key bindings and character sprites are in the works for a fix hopefully. most of the bad reviews are of people butthurt about the dubbing or just too lazy to come back and change the review. i wish we had the english VA. i would settle for just ripping the VA from BBCPE atleast. the devs were confronted with angering western fans in 1 of 2 ways. delay its release for up to 8 more months to add english VA which would make most westerners tired of waiting and complain like in the other games. or release it much earlier at the cost of english VA. one of those had to happen. its a pretty bad situation with which led to a choice that the devs arent even happy with. my only true complaint about not having the english VA is that i cant understand what they say in the intro and end of the fight. maybe if we make enough fuss we can settle on dubbing the characters fighting dialogues instead of spending a year dubbing the entire game.review timemy favorite game ever made was super smash bros and i never thought any game would ever make me feel the way i did playing smash. this series along with guilty gear have effectively made me fall in love with them. f***ing awesome music, awesome characters(over 30 by the way), enough content to make this game a 20 GB download, extremey well tuned fighting mechanics only rivaled by guilty gear. just such an amazing fighting game that got hampered by a rushed port for pc. this fighting game has such immense potential that it comes close to dethroning street fighter 4 for popularity in the competitive scene with guilty gear right next to it. once the game is fully fixed with better key binding options and the correct sprite quality. it will be a god damn masterpeice.with the sprites fixed now, the characters look almost hand drawn. its amazing now."
76561198383131602,Recommended,586140,33982286,Posted: 2 August,all,Black Rain,"The game is awesome.  If you are new to it, I recommend attempting the challenges for each character or at least the ones you want to learn.  You will need to learn how every character performs in battle if you are looking to compete online so you stand a good chance at winning.  Win or Lose it's still fun, unless you get badly beaten, that happens if you don't learn the game before playing online against experienced people.The community seems pretty friendly however, so that's pretty cool.I bought the BlazBlue collection. This game again is awesome. 10/10. I want to play and master centralfiction and go back through the other Blazblue games for the story."
,Recommended,586140,34832427,Posted: 9 September,all,Demonic Benefactor,"Pretty much a perfect game,  even its imbalanced roster just adds to its perfection.  Take down a Nine or Mai player with Bullet and savor that feeling."
,Recommended,586140,35396083,Posted: 1 October,all,Ahriman#TY_DS3,"Lost over 40 rounds in a row, got the fastest move on Susanoo repeatedly parried. Result = deleted my steam library.200/10 Finally made me realise games in not really my thing! Gonna go and beat people irl now. :OmegaLuL:"
76561198065546862,Not Recommended,586140,31403769,Posted: 27 April,all,LucidDream,"Wonderful game that's part of a fantastic series, but this is a horrible PC port. Based off of the console release, we all know what this game is supposed to look and feel like, but the PC port has fallen short of expectations and I hope that there will be patch in the near future that resolves these problems."
76561198257075784,Recommended,586140,31516273,Posted: 2 May,all,Thisone6uy,"I mean if you played the Console version, but if you are at work or on the go and just couldn't play Blazblue at home. WELL HERE IT IS!It function just like the console verison (Minus the Open Lobby) and with my Fiber Optic (Only at home) it is actually more crispier/cleaner than the console copy.The only thing that is wrong with the PC copy is the Replay Theater is currently broken. What I mean is that after you exit the game and re open it, the replays you saved will pop up the message ""The Data is Damaged"" and some times crash the game.Long story short I was playing on my laptop at work and I saved some replays and when I got home I tried to open up and ""Damage"" message pop up and when I tried to replay the ones I played on my Desktop it just crashes. So hopefully this will get fixed and other than that, the game is fine.Connection wise it occurs to your png (NOT YOUR FPS FOR GOD SAKE). At home I play on a 3-6 png and at work I play on a stable 15-20 png and both are wired and before you ask. Yes. I have a ROG Nvidia 960 (Desktop) and a 970 (Laptop) graphics cards.All and all. Anime fighters this is a must have if you want to Lab on the go or bring it to the scenes.THUMBS UP TO THE CREATORS!"
,Recommended,586140,31724132,Posted: 13 May,all,Necrobern,"The latest game of the franchise offers a big pack to be entertained no matter your player skill. Arround 30 characters which nearly each of them has three Arcade routes is already a lot of play time, but then combine other modes as well online and you'll have plenty of options to not get easily bored. The game still goes with each character having their own set of gimmicks and rules to play with, and with its big roster shouldn't be difficult to find a main pick.However there's various nitpicks to point out. While a great PC port it still has its problems, the more troublesome being a sort of region lock due your Steam settings that depending of your location (Or changing the Download settings) will make you find few to no opponents online. ArcSys is well known for releasing sequels and remakes rather improving a core game with updates, leaving newcomers clueless if they try to follow the story with this game (There's a HUGE glossary however), as well the fear of them releasing a new version rather patching this one with new content (Although technically this is the conclusive arc of the series).Is still a wonderful anime fighting game which although overshadowed by its predecessor Guilty Gear still has a lively community and various modes to play with. And even if you are having a hard time to find players online you have tons of offline content as well the active fanbase ready to help you finding opponents."
76561198142734666,Recommended,586140,33295752,Posted: 5 July,all,TheWhite87,game is patched and everything looks and feels polished.
,Recommended,586140,31385764,Posted: 26 April,all,markypoo4L,So far haven't had any issues that others seem to have with this port. My PC may be a little bit beefer than some (gtx 970 and i5) not sure but seems solid so far. Online is about as good as the console version and gameplay runs at a solid 1080p 60fps for me. Issues that I've noticed are some text being blurry compared to the console version but eh it's a fighting game and I'm sure it'll get fixed quick like Guilty Gear Xrd's port did. Anyway fun fighting game with good tutorials making it accessible to most. Thumbs up from me
76561198107412374,Recommended,586140,31494890,Posted: 1 May,all,Boargut,"I've seen some mixed reviews about the steam release so i was relucant to buy it here at first.I'm glad i went ahead with it. Looks like i'm one of the lucky ones my FPS was capped at 60, The pixel graphic problem people have been seeing isn't there for me. (Quality wise it looks the same/better than Chrono phantasma on my PS4, but maybe the PC version looked infinitely better.)It seems that the problems are highly related to AMD drivers so if you're an AMD customer i'd wait for a patch from the developers- Who i have seen saying there working on it on the forums. Hopefully sooner than later so we can draw in more customers like me who were hesitant at first.Gameplay wise no huge changes but a bucketload of new characters to learn, be countered by and counter as.Off to play the long visual novel portion now, which is always a pleasure in the fighting game genre. ;) Looking at you SF."
,Recommended,586140,33651598,Posted: 19 July,all,bweeeeeh,JUBEI
,Recommended,586140,31429477,Posted: 28 April,all,Daarch,"I don't get it why people are giving bad reviews about this game, it only has graphical and key settings issues, not game breaking, no fps issues, no crash, just people complaining about pixelated  sprites that developers are currently patching, overall this game is awesome, good story, a three path arcade mode (SFV doesn't even have an arcade mode and this guys made it  with an option to choose your ""final boss""), versus, etc.And remember to close your door when browsing local files to see the artwork,  it's hard to explain why are you looking at Azreal on a wedding dress :/*UPDATE*Yes online is kinda broken right now, but everything else works fine.Played on a desktop  with GTX960 2GB, 8GB RAM DDR3  and an AMD FX-8320E, i'm not that richAlso tested on a Core i7, Intel graphics, 8GB RAM DDR3 laptop, in this case, I had fps issues at the start of every battle because of my crapy graphics card"
,Recommended,586140,31389925,Posted: 27 April,all,Vexxar Al'Hara,"DON'T LET THE MIXED REVIEWS PUT YOU OFF. People are having some issues on day 1, but I'm sure that it will be fixed real fast. The only issue I had, was the pixelated sprites, as of the day 1, but it's really not that big deal.The game itself is AMAZING. New fighting mechanics. New game modes. The story mode is amazing, really long and they improved a lot the presentation. Spectacular art, music and voice acting... These are just some of the beautiful things about this game.I have 10 hours of gameplay right now. 10 hours non-stop (I mean, I just took small dinner and bathroom breaks, but..). Yeah, the game is good like that.Perfect game for any fighting game fan, beginner or veteran!"
76561198104129458,Recommended,586140,31387545,Posted: 26 April,all,OHhhhMan,"The game is good, but some issues really should be solved.It seems anti-aliasing isn't working well in most resolution.when in high resolution like 1920p, the top part of screen can't see, the characteris pixelated, to the contrary in 1280p it looks better.Though there are many other issues wanna say, hope for fixingthe resolution and pixelated character eagerly now, compare to the previoustransplanted series, it does make one disappointed"
76561198054317294,Recommended,586140,31387282,Posted: 26 April,all,Althran,After 10 hours on this game i can say that it runs perfectly. Playing with 4 others i have yet to crash while in full screen and i'm even able to alt tab without the game closing. Its a wonderful game and if your a fan you should pick it up and grab some friends.Its fight time!
,Recommended,586140,31386607,Posted: 26 April,all,Lycans,"Many other reviewers find this game to be a bad port, and since I haven't had played the original version on PS4, I wouldn't be able to tell you how it is myself quite honestly. Despite this, I found this game to be pretty great since I last played Chronophantasma (on xbone, should be noted). With that being the case, I felt like it was Chronophantasma, with a few upgrades.- Consisting of new characters (that were DLC apparently, but come with the game now, colors, etc.),- The challenge mode now has easy, and then hard is unlocked upon completing easy, a nice change of pace for those looking for a challenge with their characters- Is 40$, and with the discount it can even be 32 as of right now 4/26- New Exceed Accel, and Active Flow mechanic, switching up the tide of battle- New Speed Star modeWhile these things were notable for me since I've last played on xbone that I liked, I should also mention that what others are saying is also true.- I've noticed the in game FPS counter being off screen- No eng dub :( (I really got attached to hearing the english actors in the past blazblehs)- network is ehIf you're here for the most recent blazblue, for the story, or even to get better with whatever characters, I think you've got nothing to lose at the slightest. I play on a tv, 1080p with 60 fps, and haven't really noticed the other problems others noted. That's probably cause I last played on xbone, but I can certainly say that it's smoother than the previous blazblue ports. (looking at you Calamity Trigger and Continuum Shift) Loving Central Fiction! *"
,Recommended,586140,32860182,Posted: 27 June,all,Jesus is the Bread,Finally runs and looks as it should. Highly reccomended.
,Recommended,586140,33741761,Posted: 23 July,all,「Ｅｐｈｒａｉｍ」,"After all those updates, I finally bought the game and so far the game is really addicting."
,Recommended,586140,33715866,Posted: 22 July,all,Sir Cats Meow,"I can't even begin to put into words how good this game feels, looks and sounds..."
,Recommended,586140,33445450,Posted: 10 July,all,KIADZ16,Huge fan of the blazblue franchise and highly recommend this game my only problem is the huge game file but gameplay is good worth the money and time spent!
,Recommended,586140,33663448,Posted: 19 July,all,Esoterik,One of the best fighting franchises ever and runs great on PC. The bonus soundtrack and digital art book are a nice inclusion to the overall package.
,Recommended,586140,31535116,Posted: 3 May,all,Dreampuff,"Fun airdashy game with mostly fun characters.It has decent content such as online versus, various arcade modes, extensive visual novel, and entertaining tutorial. Good game to have for a friend that can come over and play some sets.P.S. The artbook is filled with high qualitywaifumaterial."
,Recommended,586140,33979112,Posted: 2 August,all,Masked Fiddler,A great competitive fighting game with a large roster; resulting in a character for everyone. The story mode is also great. Beautiful stages and sprites and a fantastic soundtrack from Daisuke Ishiwatari. The music is one of Blazblue's defining aspects. The game has a fairly high skill seal as it is a competitive fighter but it isn't that hard to pick up if you choose the proper character and put in a little time to learn the basics. Great game overall.
76561198078281815,Recommended,586140,33642712,Posted: 18 July,all,Open Your Mouth,"Is best anime-fight-game, many waifu's, yes."
,Recommended,586140,33656808,Posted: 19 July,all,Zen | Jii Mercury The Dragon,Sometimes it has extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hitbixs but over all it's an amazing game if your getting into fighters
,Recommended,586140,33638388,Posted: 18 July,all,Terms and Conditions,"Hands down, the best anime fighting game i've ever played.Gorgeous maps and character design, flashy combos, cool animations.It is also beginner friendly, so don't be afraid on playing this game even if you have no experience on playing fighting games."
76561198279279299,Recommended,586140,31592728,Posted: 6 May,all,CommandantFuzzykins,"It's really nice to see that this game is being dug out of the mixed reviews hole it got shoved into at launch. While the game did, and probably still does, have some issues from launch, the patches have been steady, and addressing the apparent issues.As for the game itself, I'll just list some pro's and con's, based on my own opinion.PROS-Bigger roster: All of the added characters were definitely a nice edition. They're all pretty fun to play, and mix well with the original cast.-Art Direction: The character art, as well as the background art for the stages, is exemplary. The backgrounds especially, are even more detailed, but they still mesh well with the 2D character sprites during combat.-More ways to play: There was another increase in the amount of game modes, leaving players with even more stuff to do.-Nice Story: The story was indeed nice, and I'd say probably worth the wait to finally play this game. It wrapped things up pretty well. Was it the best story in the series? Probably not, but, it definitely did a good job of providing closure to questions, and wrapping things up.AMBIVILANT-The Gache: While I understand the intent of it, I'm uncertain how I feel about it. I'd say I probably disloike it more than like, but it isn't a big enough issue to truly fall under CONS. It does suck to only unlock one new item in a spin though.-The D-Code is relatively the same, though I don't approve of the character limits in the Title section.CONS-Streamlined Story Mode: The story itself was definitely good, but the story mode was much too stream lined. You could literally sit there and barrel through the entire main plot, and leave all of the sub scenarios for later. While this did offer an amount of choice in your play, it would leave you confused about some of the events during the main story. Some of the stuff definitely wasn't involved in the main story, but in my opinion, it would have been better to just make it all have to be played. Especially since the way you had to do things for the main plot to flow together smoothly was: ""Play a main story chapter-Unlock a sub scenario-Save and quit-Go play the sub scenario-Reload your save and continue."" Otherwise, the main story was left with some holes.-Lack of English voice acting and subs: I definitely have no issue with reading subtitles, and the Japanese voice acting cast is superb. But I've been playing these games in English since Calamity Trigger, so it's odd that there is no English voice acting. I found myself reading the subs in the english voice actors voice. That aside, the lack of subs for intro battle conversations in V.S. mode is irritating.-Jubei not playable: I don't care what anyone says, this is a bunch of bull. #CalamityTriggeredEDIT: They’ve done it! The big little cat man is coming! YEEEEEEESSSSSSS!Above all, if you like Blazblue, or enjoy 2D fighters, pick up Central Fiction. It's definitely worth it. The port had some issues at launch, but those are consistantly being addressed. Enjoy your time everyone.~Fuzzykins"
,Recommended,586140,31591663,Posted: 6 May,all,Fuckrat,"The game Blazblue Central Fiction for PC has received many mixed reviews, but I believe when it comes down to it the pros outweigh the cons. This is why I would recommend the game.Pros:-Story Mode: The BlazBlue series has been known for having one of the most indept and amazing stories. As a long-term fan, this version's story gripped my heart-strings with it's multiple chapters and sub stories. The story is very long as well, so there's tons of content that will keep you busy and won't make you bored. For new fans of the series, this game added a new mode called Library. This is where you learn about each characters story all the way back to '08, what new has happened in the story, each of the multiple families, cities, weapons, etc. The beginning of the game even includes an optional explanation of what has happened in the last version, so you're not lost.-Soundtrack: The inside of the game includes 62 songs, and (i'm not entirely positive on this) 10 new songs added. There even is a picture on top of to each song, so new fans know what song is which characters theme. In my opinion each games soundtrack has been absolutely phenomenal! Songs range from those you can jam to while fighting you opponent, to songs that make you very emotional. Central Fiction even includes some old opening from previous games. The opening and ending as unusal is very nice.-Characters: Five new characters were added to Central Fiction: Es, Nine, Naoto, Hibiki, and Izanami. These and all the other characters in the roster have a very unique and fun story and fighting style. Everyone has a different play style, so there is a character for every fans style.-Offline Gameplay: For those who are not interested in playing online, BlazBlue has tons of offline modes for you to choose from! First off for those brand new to the series, Blazblue has there own amazing tutorial mode. I personally have noticed that each new version's tutorial has become better and better, and this game has yet to fail. This game teaches fans everything they need to know from beginner lessons to advancerd lessons. They even added character specifics for those seeking to learn the strategies of certain characters.Those still seeking to learn BlazBlue also has a new and improved challenge mode, where you learn easy-expert combos for every character.  And finally a training mode where you can put your new moves to action!  Once you've learned the game, they're multiple fun game modes. These include, Arcade mode where it's arcade style battles where you fight and learn parts of the story, V.S. mode where you fight a cpu, which you can set to any difficulty in the options. The ever lasting and intriguing Abyss mode, where you fight multiple waves of enemies, level up your charcter, and create items to make your character stronger. Score Attack mode where you pick a course and fight enemies ranging in difficulty, and a new mode added Speed Star Mode, where you beat enemies as fast as you can for the highest score. In the end Central Fiction offers multiple options offline so you have tons of stuff to do!-Network:  For this version out now of Central Fiction they're Pros and Cons for the Network mode, So i'll go over the Pros first. In my case I have seen a huge improvement in it's coding. I rarely find matches where it's lagging. I also found that the changes to Player Matches are a big improvemewnt as well. They're more items and avatars for your little Avatar, now there's two plates, a D-code that shows all your stats, and a vs Plate shown before as match. I think it's a great idea to have more ways to customize plates. There's also more options to customize you room with new items and more themes.Cons:-Network: Now onto the bad things i've seen from the network. Little things i've seen are when you're trying to fight someone instead of showing their name it says ""<unknown>"" (This is seen especially in Ranked Matches). And another problem is that when i'm in a lobby, sometimes it will randomly dissconnect me saying that ther host has left, when I can see the lobby is still perfectly up. But the main thing that can be a problem is BlazBlue's audience. Online can range from blooming with people, to completely dead. So I would recommend making a friend who plays BlazBlue so you always have someone to fight.F̶P̶S̶:̶ A̶s̶ o̶f̶ t̶h̶e̶ c̶u̶r̶r̶r̶e̶n̶t̶ s̶t̶a̶t̶e̶ C̶e̶n̶t̶r̶a̶l̶ F̶i̶c̶t̶i̶o̶n̶,̶ m̶u̶l̶t̶i̶p̶l̶e̶ h̶a̶v̶e̶ s̶t̶a̶t̶e̶d̶ t̶h̶a̶t̶ t̶h̶e̶y̶'̶r̶e̶ h̶a̶v̶i̶n̶g̶ F̶P̶S̶ i̶s̶s̶u̶e̶s̶.̶ T̶h̶e̶y̶ r̶a̶n̶g̶e̶ f̶r̶o̶m̶ 6̶0̶-̶3̶0̶.̶ B̶u̶t̶ e̶v̶e̶r̶ s̶i̶n̶c̶e̶ t̶h̶e̶ f̶i̶r̶s̶t̶ w̶e̶e̶k̶ t̶h̶i̶s̶ p̶o̶r̶t̶ h̶a̶s̶ c̶o̶m̶e̶ o̶u̶t̶ t̶h̶e̶ d̶e̶v̶e̶l̶o̶p̶e̶r̶s̶ h̶a̶v̶e̶ b̶e̶e̶n̶ r̶e̶l̶e̶a̶s̶i̶n̶g̶ p̶a̶t̶c̶h̶e̶s̶ t̶o̶ f̶i̶x̶ m̶u̶l̶t̶i̶p̶l̶e̶ i̶s̶s̶u̶e̶s̶ a̶n̶d̶ a̶r̶e̶ c̶u̶r̶r̶e̶n̶t̶l̶y̶ s̶t̶i̶l̶l̶ f̶i̶x̶i̶n̶g̶ t̶h̶e̶ g̶a̶m̶e̶.̶ S̶o̶ i̶'̶m̶ s̶u̶r̶e̶ a̶ p̶a̶t̶c̶h̶ w̶i̶l̶l̶ c̶o̶m̶e̶ o̶u̶t̶ s̶o̶o̶n̶ f̶i̶x̶i̶n̶g̶ t̶h̶e̶ i̶s̶s̶u̶e̶.̶.-Sprites: The sprites of this port so far have looked pretty pixilated. I personally haven't had this affect me playing the game, but many others have. If it is really bothering you the game looks perfect at 768 and 1080 windowed. Again the developers have been working on patches to fix issues as of this version.-No Eng. Dub: Central Fiction has been released with no English dub. This personally doesn't affect me, since I always had it on Japanese, and I read the Story modes subtitles anyways, but for those anticipating an English voiceover there is no such thing as of now.In conclusion, I believe that Central Fiction is worth it, because it holds multiple options and gameplay offline and online, the story, soundtrack and characters are unique, beautiful, and amazing. And finally any issues can be resolved by developers and in the options."
76561197986692923,Recommended,586140,31937709,Posted: 24 May,all,kesma,"The game runs fine and it has the DLC characters.Make sure you have it set to use your GPU and not integrated graphics.  For some reason it defaults to integrated and this will greatly impact gameplay.I'm running an I7 4700 2.4ghz, 16 gb ram, 860m and I have zero issues.Only thing I miss about the port is the lack of ""lobbies""."
,Recommended,586140,34522026,Posted: 26 August,all,Morpher,Best version of BlazBlue. Overdrive and Exceed Accel improve the offensive nature of burst hugely and add an extra layer of depth to pressure and oki. The game is a better version of Chrono Phantasma in my eyes. CF Is to CP what CS is to CT.
,Recommended,586140,33658039,Posted: 19 July,all,gamekid,Nine/10
,Recommended,586140,33636415,Posted: 18 July,all,Pantsu o Taberu,J U B E IUBEI
76561198068240987,Recommended,586140,31433871,Posted: 29 April,all,3Fiddy,Love it ! Feels really fluid and looks great !
76561198113234664,Recommended,586140,35088556,Posted: 20 September,all,Envy_Me,this game is cool. good fightting game and graphic  not hmm... bad XD
,Recommended,586140,35094565,Posted: 20 September,all,my thumbs EFFING HURT,A good fighting game with fantastic combat that can run great on 60 fps (Depending if you're playing online since at times framerates go to 30 but that's mainly for a few seconds into the match) Greatly done pixel art and backgrounds for the maps which to me is actually kind of distracting since they are greatly done as well as the player models though however the pc port does suffer from problems online from what I've noticed when trying to play in a room and It auto disconnects you. Not only that but the problem with the framerates for some map/Intros. But pass that It's solidThanks and have fun(Forgot to mention this but come someone tell me why the game is 52gb's since that just confuses me)
,Recommended,586140,33750737,Posted: 23 July,all,Burūaizu Howaito Doragon,JUBEI
,Recommended,586140,31439744,Posted: 29 April,all,Gamma Ray,"I feel I have to give this game at least a brief positive review. There's a lot of negativity going on, and I don't think it's right.I do have a beast of a computer, but the game still runs well for me. There were the resolution errors at launch, but there has already been a patch addressing it. There was even a workaround pre-patch that nobody liked talking about. I also never had the 50Hz problem. I don't know what's up with that.I'm not saying the game's perfect. Actual hardware requirements may be a lot higher than previous Blazblue games, and that's a bit of a head scratcher. The menu control thing when remapping buttons is weird, but it's something SSF4AE/USF4 did, so it's not unique to this game. The install size is bonkers. Hopefully that means we're getting the highest quality assets because I wouldn't have a problem with that.Anyway, I'm not even that much of a Blazblue fan. I much prefer Guilty Gear. Still, I don't think the game deserves the hate that's been slung in its direction lately."
76561198099308597,Recommended,586140,31697405,Posted: 12 May,all,Siki,"52G,amazingCould you please fix the problem???"
,Recommended,586140,34800191,Posted: 7 September,all,Syros,Buy it for consolehas more people playing.
,Not Recommended,586140,31494416,Posted: 1 May,all,Raxyz,"EDIT: We finally get Jubei,  plus with the announcement of BBTT this game might see the light of day once again. Will update if it does.D-Input has some issues. Sometimes the game won't recognize my PS360 arcade stick, but restarting the game usually fixes it.Bindings are a mess. Every button does at least two action, meaning if you don't use default you simply won't navigate through the menus. The ""next page"" and ""previous page"" buttons will be in complete opposite bindings.Graphic is the same as CP. I'm not one to nitpick about visuals, but porting a sprite from one game to another is lazy beyond belief, they could at least put some decent anti alias so that you don't see pixels on every character at a resolution that isn't even that high (1920x1080). Besides put a GG Xrd screenshot next to a BB CF, no one will believe they were made by the same people. It's even worse when you realise the the good looking one isolder.The story recap is put into the main story, it's also just a couple lines that you'll read in 10 min. Which is kinda odd considering BBCP Recap was a dedicated chapter with more than 30 minutes explaining CT and CS. If you didn't played the previous titles, don't bother with the story. The recap barely made me remeber the important stuff, and I played through them all.Story is completely linear now, you choose a chapter and that's it. No more different paths and/or specific character paths. There's a ""sub-chapter"" thing that completely break the flow too. The game will always forward you to the next main chapter, meaning whenever you see a pop-up with ""A Sub-Chapter has been unlocked"", you have to exit the mode and choose the chapter again. It's not that much of a dealbreaker, but I can't believe adding a ""Automatically watch sub-chapters"" option wasn't even considered. BBCS already put a great deal of effort in story. BBCF felt like ""nah, just do whatevs""Speaking of story, they didn't bothered adding english voices. Have you been playing a story-centered game with english VAs? ♥♥♥♥ you, get used to the japanese VA now, they can't be bothered to add a feature that was in all games prior to this one. I've been playing the game with voice sound turned to 0, since I can't understand anything they're saying in the story or in-battles.For some reason, cutscenes volume is adjusted by voice volume. Even cutscenes with battles and 0 words whatsoever.Then I tried to watch a cutscene again because I missed an dialogue. The cutscene happens after two fights in story mode, then I went to Gallery to see the cutscene. SURPRISE! No subtitles in gallery cutscenes. At least I can hear the line I missed right? No, wait...Nothing new gameplay-wise. It's a balance patch with new characters. (Exceed and Active Flow are only important if you're thinking of going pro with high level play.)Less single player modes, compared to Chrono Phantasma. (Still one of the best options for single-player fgs)The whole HUD and menu is uglier than it's previous interactions. Wouldn't matter if the game itself was impressive, but it goes to show they didn't put any effort into making CF.There are only 10 tracks in their ""Soundtrack Bonus"". BBCF has 35 characters, each with it's own theme... Meaning they half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥even their bonuses.The memorial book is 100 pages of artwork, half of which is the female cast in swimsuits and/or slathering themselves with food that resembles another white sticky stuff. (Couldn't be the actual developer's work, now that I think back on it. They probably didn't had anything to show seeing 80% of CF is a re-hashed CP.)I'm not the kind who'd proceed to hate for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, I like BlazBlue, it was my favourite fighting game series ever. I'm seriously dissapointed with this. The first ASW game that was utterly dissapointing I considered refunding, but sadly I'm the kind of person that can't leave a story unfinished, I have to see it though the end, and I hate watching YouTube for that purpose. And the story...It's alright, but not as good as the ""final chapter"" should be. They left a lot unexplained and an important arc had no tangible conclusion. If you ask me, the story is still OK, though not what shaped up to be. There's also only 3~4 gag reels and only one is truly new, others are a re-telling of previous Gag Reels.TL;DR If you don't care about the story, BBCF is not the best choice... Online is mostly dead, when you do find a match, good luck figthing the same 4 characters over and over again. The single player is lacking in comparison to Chrono Phantasma. I can easily reccomend any other BB or Guilty Gear, but not this one. Here's hoping they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together with BBxTT"
,Recommended,586140,34941650,Posted: 13 September,all,Flow,"Fantastic Game, it's not as refined as GG Xrd and also not as technical but that can also be a good thing.It's definitly not the best game for learning the genre but if you're familiar with Anime Fighters it's pretty easy to find a character you like (there are over 30 after all) and do some flashy stuff without being heavily constrained by meter usage or having to be an execution wizard.If you are a wizard there are however plenty of characters that require a lot of wrapping your head around that can be pretty crushing to play against.A nice balance of fun and competition, balance is a little off but you won't see the really disgusting stuff in netplay."
,Recommended,586140,31383890,Posted: 26 April,all,Haruto Yakumo,"This game is the end of the series, for the blazblue series actually, and its by far a really good port, i don't see why people are complainining about it, ive been playing blazblue since 2008. so yeah take this from a BB vet. its good don;t listen to the bad reviews."
,Recommended,586140,34116221,Posted: 8 August,all,Knot Thot,This game's story is almost as ♥♥♥♥y as Metal gear.
,Not Recommended,586140,31482060,Posted: 1 May,all,Rocky Montano,It's a terrible port and the developer kept denying it. He is rude and always sweeps the technical issues under the rug. Don't expect a good patch soon.Quite a dissapointment.
,Recommended,586140,31371639,Posted: 26 April,all,Volkanfury,Great port! but no 64 player lobbies :(
,Recommended,586140,31470702,Posted: 30 April,all,Sir Pooty Poot,"A great successor to Blazblue CPEX!The new characters and great and this game feels the most polished and well made out of them all. Some people seem to have problems with the port at the time that I am writing this, but the issues are being fixed. For me the port runs flawlessy."
,Recommended,586140,31501594,Posted: 2 May,all,Vipunen,"The port is a bit rough on the edges but updates are being worked on.The game itself is amazing, and I personally haven't had anything gamebreaking in any of the modes including Story mode, training, challenges, arcade and plenty of netplay."
76561198054444606,Recommended,586140,31879568,Posted: 21 May,all,SmallFry,"Don't let any of the old Day 1 reviews scare you, the game looks and runs just fine after the Day 2 patches, fullscreen or windowed. The only oddity still left is ""C"" and ""D"" being select and cancel in menus but you get used to it quickly.As far as port differences in features: The loss of the open floor online lobbies from PSN to Steam is a small shame, but the netcode runs even better on PC than it does on PSN's networks, I've often found it 1-2 frames smoother against known opponents. Definitely a tradeoff I'm willing to accept. The raw text in the main menu is a little aliased as well, but everything in actual gameplay and functionality is as it should be: a ton of fun."
,Recommended,586140,31388013,Posted: 26 April,all,Shizuku,"Updated ReviewAfter being initially disappointed by the terrible launch that this game had and how many fanboys justified the clear lack of quality put into the game initially, I didn't have much hope ofr improvement in this game. It was sad to see that the PS3 version was superior to the PC version in almost every way.Finally, after months of waiting, we've received 5 patches that fix some of the problems with the game to make it comparable, if not on-par, with the current console releases. Not only did they provide us the ability to bind controls separately for menus and battles, they expanded the graphics settings far further than it was on launch, they fixed bugs people would have with GPU compataibility, and more.Sure, there are still some problems exclusive to the port such as region-locked room searches or the lack of lobby, but those are minor to me.Now for a review of the game itself. This is going to compare it to CPEX, the previous iteration in the series.Pros:+Active Flow was added, which rewards you for playing more offensively to complement the Negative Penalty system.+Overdrive now has a clear timer that shows how long you have left before it de-activates+The overall game speed feels much faster+Speed Star mode is highly fun and addictive+The story in the game is a great ending to the series, and includes a ton of Arcade Mode content+Some of the new moves characters were given are alright. For example, Terumi now has an overhead and Hazama has an attack that transitions into his 214D state automatically.+Challenge mode provides multiple difficulties for characters rather than sticking to a static list.+Some of the balancing fixes problems that characters previously had (Such as no Terumi overhead, Brokonoe, etc.)+A lot of the newly added BGM outright blows CPEX's BGM out of the arena. You can't compare any CPEX BGM to godlike tracks such as MUST DIE or BloodlineCons:-The character balancing is absolutely horrible, with top characters clearly above everyone else.-Online room searches are region-locked (You can only invite friends from other regions, not play randoms from other regions).-Exceed Accels are broken. Invincible distortions with quick-fire startup by simply holding A+B+C+D when ODing or pressing A+B+C+D any time during OD.-Online mode has more lag on PC than PS3. (Tested on the same ethernet cable with the same person using their same ethernet cable.) Online mode has more lag on CF than CPEX as well.-Overall lack of content (Stripped away modes from CPEX)-Lack of an English Dub (While I'm not a fan of the dub, the lack of that option did hurt the gam-Story mode is way too long (And wanting to complete it 100% means viewing repeat cutscenes in another character's perspective. I thought we moved away from Calamity Trigger since 2009?)-You're forced to go online just to view replays. Yes, even Offline VS Mode replays.Neutral:/ Some of the moveset changes made in this game turned it into ""1-800-DIAL-A-COMBO""/ New character choices seem random and outright odd. Why did we need Mai playable again?/ MUST DIE isn't included in the additional OST (Or you could say 75% of the good songs aren't there as a whole)/ Digital Artbook consists of 1% cover art, 1% random pictures, and 98% softcore porn/ Gallery Mode/Item Shop doesn't add much to the game over CPEX./ Online Community is small and consists of 99% Mai main scumbags who rely on beginners not knowing how to handle her 5C spamSure, it's not the sequel we all expected, but it's definitely made some improvements over time with the new patches being released. I'm hoping that H2 Interactive will be able to patch most of the other minor technical issues that the BB games have had since CT."
,Recommended,586140,33670414,Posted: 20 July,all,Harry,"The game is good for consoles but I'm not recommend it if you want to play online on PC, i spent 2  hours playing it on PC but refund it because nobody online except peak hour"
,Recommended,586140,31583742,Posted: 6 May,all,はるかよへい,"Great game with an amazing story!I really recommend it to anyone who likes fighting games/visual novel/anime!The story and the game mechanics is really good even if you're not a fan of the series.However, there are pros and cons that come with the current condition of the game. (These are based on my experience.)Pros:(i) A total of 35 playable characters for you to choose.(ii) Amazing story (expect about a day and a half to complete the story mode continuously)(iii) GOOD SHIP! I MEAN IT!(iv) Arcade mode had three chapter for most of the characters which is a unique feature that were created in this installment.(v) Superb soundtrack and vocal! All-hail Daisuke! (I really like Izanami, Nine & Susanoo's theme XD)(vi) Great color pallete compare to previous installment since most of the color palletes for this time is based on characters from other series.(vii) You can purchase old soundtrack in the game! Check out Childish Killer, and use it when you play as Jin or Tsubaki with your friends! XD.(viii) PLEASE CHECK THE LONGEST ANIMATED ENDING VIDEO MADE FOR THE GAME! Ah, I cry everytime, LOL.Cons:(i) YOU CAN'T DASH FORWARD PROPERLY (Movement Input Issue)(ii) Graphic Issue (Pixelated Sprites, Video Distortion Occurs sometime, etc)~Wait for patch!!!(iii) HARD TO EARNED PS$ IN THE GAME. (The only way I know to get 1000 PS$ is by playing the arcade mode and 200 PS for one mission in challenge mode.)(iv) Jubei is still UNPLAYABLE!! POOR GUY!Overall, I absolutely recommend it to everyone who didn't own it yet. As for the issue, don't worry, just wait for the patch. :D"
,Recommended,586140,31752682,Posted: 14 May,all,RageGoria,"Game with a heartwarming story, story confusing af if you didn't play the first 3 games, will also probably get confused too playing the first two.They are getting the game's issues from the first launch sorted on which is a good thing.The game has a huge variety of character, each with different playstyle, it's a good game to pick on if you like fighting games. But, i also recommend you to play through the story mode, the VN counterpart of the game, you'll miss a lot if you decided to go ""meh i'll just skip the stories""."
,Recommended,586140,34337666,Posted: 18 August,all,Lazward,Celica best girl
,Recommended,586140,34943701,Posted: 14 September,all,MaulanaMP,I will always have a love-hate relationship with Morifk MoriPlay BlazBlue guys
,Recommended,586140,33689080,Posted: 20 July,all,zaxdar,I bought this game thinking it was street fighter. instead i got some ♥♥♥♥ing anime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t 0/10
,Not Recommended,586140,31386368,Posted: 26 April,all,A F R O M A N,What happened to this game? The characters are all fuzzy and weird. Like the character resoultion doesn't match the screen resoultion. The button bindings actually follow what you set them unlike previous versions. Menu I'm use to A and B being... well the menu buttons but once I set it to fight stick configurations (A being light B Medium so on) Y and X turned into the menu buttons. What I get for purchasing a game the first day it comes out... then again I bought the others on day one and they weren't this bad.
76561198025735056,Not Recommended,586140,31381804,Posted: 26 April,all,Arsène,"Good game, terrible port.Consider waiting for a patch or buying it on PS. Even better, consider going back to GGXrd Rev, which is arguably a better game, but also objectively a far, far better port."
,Recommended,586140,31410346,Posted: 28 April,all,BUSINESS,I haven't encountered many of the issues the negative reviews are saying. People likely just didn't read the system requirements and can't run it well. The only real issue i've had is that the green part of the combo bar extends outside the bar on the right side.
,Recommended,586140,32902679,Posted: 27 June,all,"Drex, The Spooky Asian",This game is pretty fun to play. Also beware of some fanservice.
,Recommended,586140,31383009,Posted: 26 April,all,Tanya von Degurechaff,"Ive not had any of the issues other people have been having, but if anything happens I'll update this."
,Recommended,586140,31382510,Posted: 26 April,all,ThatFreakingCat,"I was ready to hit the thumbs down button hearing of everyone's technical issues. Please do not mistake my thumbs up, Devs! Please pay attention to people who are struggling. I want to see this port optimized as much as possible, so I have more people to play with.As for me. I have:GTX 1080FX Series AMD 8Core processor16GB RAMQANBA PS3-XBOX 360 fight stick | Xbox ONE controllerWhen I first booted up the game, it looked awful. It ran in a window at some tiny resolution. I set the resolution to 1080p on borderless window, and the picture fixed immediately. I also turned off AA and turned on Vsync, just to be absolutely sure I 'never' drop below 60 FPS for any sort of reason.People are having issues with controls, especially those who have PS3/PS4 controllers and fight sticks. I can say for certain that this port absolutely loves Xbox controllers, so if you got a 360 fightstick, or a fightstick that is compatible by switching it to 360 mode (like an old Qanba), the game will play like a dream.Netcode is stellar for what it is. I'd say it's just as good if not better than the Playstation ports. However, there is no cross-play with PS4/PS3. Thus, why I would love to see the devs try to turn as many of these thumbs downs into thumbs up. I'd hate to see yet another Blazblue port die.I went through all 10 of my Ranked Peliminary matches, and I only had 1 fight out of 10 seem kind of laggy, but was still playable. Just make sure you keep your player match ups 2bar or over (And not using Wi-Fi, for Christ's sake.) and you should be fine.On that note, if you're reading this, go get the Under Night in Birth port on Steam. It's excellent."
,Recommended,586140,33194217,Posted: 3 July,all,Kula Diamond,izanami will save me from the abyss of scrubbinesssomeday
76561198211943565,Recommended,586140,34261066,Posted: 15 August,all,SempakThor,blazblue series my favorite game action figther  !!
,Recommended,586140,33851762,Posted: 28 July,all,spammer,"I have to admit that I didn't quite like this series at the beginning when I played the 1st game of this series: The Calamity Trigger when it was just released because it has so few characters and clunky PC port.Then I just don't care about this series until recently. In the Summer Sale 2017, I bought the latest title of this series: Central Fiction because it looks amazing now.And I didn't regret it, this game is a great fighting game that deserves every mainstream attention. It has a very strong fighting mechanic and easy to learn while hard to master. The control is tight, the graphic is amazing for the sprite based game.I really love the idea of Stylish mode, the mode that you can easily combo with a single button which helps you learn the character and good for casual and noobie players who just want to have fun. While offer the good introduction for the serious player who want to know more about characters before playing in Technical mode.This game is worth even in the full price, 10/10"
,Recommended,586140,33666930,Posted: 20 July,all,Salmon Patriot,"Jubei, when?"
76561197991565861,Recommended,586140,31385684,Posted: 26 April,all,supacrazee,bredy gud
,Recommended,586140,35271643,Posted: 28 September,all,Hazama The Troll Edge,"Rarely seen a game that good. I mean many waifus there like Naoto, some of them are really easy to play, the worst of them all is Ragna the Noobedge. He deserves so much hatred from the community y'know, the only good thing about him is he's dubbed by Gintoki Sakata.If you want to main character someone as powerful as Hazama you need to train on challenge menu. Score attack is also the most difficult part of the game I'll always die from Hazama himself, better spam with the ice car if that happens.The songs had been mixed so bad I really liked Innocent Sin, give me eargasm. About the story is represented by Visual Novel but it sucks, I don't like time paradox anymore and too much useless chiat-chat to be honest."
,Recommended,586140,31388323,Posted: 26 April,all,Riku,"this game get more better , keep up the good work"
,Recommended,586140,31570418,Posted: 5 May,all,BownTy-u0-,1 - I feel the battle more faster than in the other titles2 - One of story mode end3 - As always a amazing soundtrack4 - Confirmed=i am bad for do clockwise analog stick movements hahaha5 - Next is buy Guilty Gear seriesPlayer: Why do my fingers hurt?Morpheus: You’ve never used them before.BUY
76561198096560985,Recommended,586140,32957700,Posted: 28 June,all,Rafa,"My laptop could play chronophantasma well and so can play central fiction, im glad!Really great fighting game with each character's way of playing is completely different, so much varietyAlso I'm madly in love with the story and how great the visual novel is presented, its almost cinematicEditzone: Challenges is kinda buggy and drops frames, out of that i didnt have any other problem, really sad but its not a deal breaker"
76561198182479345,Not Recommended,586140,31451452,Posted: 29 April,all,Loli pounder,dogshit port. LAG LAG LAG
,Recommended,586140,32918235,Posted: 28 June,all,Asutrasai,"Blazblue: Central FIction is the 4th and the is said to be the last installment to the Blazblue series. To be honest, it's not balanced but that's the best reason for why the game is popular. It's sad that they took out unlimited characters and some other things but is still the best. A Hidden gem of the hidden gems!"
,Recommended,586140,33539282,Posted: 14 July,all,Croim,My first 2d fighter and I fell in love with the anime fighter genre.I bought guilty gear xrd2 along with this lol.
,Recommended,586140,33599616,Posted: 16 July,all,OptimusPavlos1,"Great fighting game, only downside is balancing being a bit lobsided"
76561198308158009,Recommended,586140,33846448,Posted: 27 July,all,uni,JUBEI.
76561198162490048,Recommended,586140,31558722,Posted: 5 May,all,Axxel,"I both love and hate this game.Blazblue is probably my favourite fighting game franchise of all time, because I'm a huge fan of it's flashy, mobile,super long combo orientated combat. I also personally like the characters, I think their ridiculously cliche animestyle is fun, and the soundtrack has always been fun.I've seen other people bashing this port for things like not accepting their controllers and arcade sticks and lookinghorrible, but personally I haven't really noticed either of these. It looks almost the exact same as it did on console tome, and that's mainly because I'm playing on a gaming laptop rather than a flatscreen tv now. Controllers have worked100% fine for me.My biggest gripe with this game that almost made me want to give it a negative review is that it, for the first time, doesnot have any english voice acting. I know a lot of people prefer the Japanese dub, and for a lot of games I do as well,but Blazblue was in English the first time I ever played it, and I stuck like that since. The fact that the FINAL GAME is theONLY one in the main series that isn't dubbed is just frustrating. If I'd played the other games in Japanese it would havebeen acceptable, but they WERE in English, and this is the only one that isn't.Personally, I find that inexcusable, but, I still love the characters, gameplay, and incomprehensible storyline in the game,so I'm giving it a positive review because I still dig it. But I'd give anything to get the English voice acting back, evenif I had to wait another series of monthes and pay for DLC.On the plus side, this version of the game comes with all the DLC characters for free in comparison to the console version,so that's cool :)"
,Recommended,586140,33850082,Posted: 28 July,all,Marcus,"Just like you'd expect from a typhical Blazblue game- Fast paced action, a gorgeous soundtrack, and hundreds of ways to play alongside each characters' unique mechanics. The new overdrives are pretty awesome, and add some interesting twists to this entry in the series.I gotta say, as someone who's been a fan since 'shift, this is such an enormous improvement. The music's gone up quite a few tiers since I left off in Continuum Shift II, and all the new characters are fun and filled to the brim with lore. On the topic of lore, the story DEFINATELY picks up here.If you're a fan of Blazblue, you'll definately love this. And if you're just a fan of fighting games, I highly recommend this series."
76561198202736757,Recommended,586140,34267667,Posted: 15 August,all,An Actual Trashcan,dont wanna write review i like fight games i bought fight game thats it
76561197989995318,Recommended,586140,31373766,Posted: 26 April,all,Daedron,"The patches made the game a lot better. Still, too little too late for most consumers I would say, but I'll change this review to recommended.-Game is pixelated on anything below 1080P, even when using windowed mode with the lower resolutions. This is still not fixed despite the patch claiming resolution scaling is fixed. Which I would say is definitely what is going on here.-To add insult to injury, the 1080P doesn't even look better than it does on PS4.-Steam overlay also doesn't work correctly in 720P windowed, the overlay becomes miniscule. It's as if 720P windowed acts as fullscreen causing the overlay to scale down in size.-The FPS counter that you can enable in-game goes off-screen on anything but 720P-Text is misaligned on 1080P. Victory screen text is further to the right than it should be. Text in player matches falls out of the intended chat box.-The font of the chat messages is also really hard to read and completely different from the console versions.-Fullscreen windowed does not work well if you have a 2nd monitor, if you try to alt-tab to other windows those windows will focus on the 2nd monitor instead. In my case it's a drawing tablet, which is obviously turned off if I am playing a game.-Cancel/Confirm buttons are bound to whatever you set C/D to...making for some awkward placements depending on how you have your buttons set up and which type of controller you use. This change to button config is unneeded.-A small nitpick: Avatars reset to the default position after every match in a player room. This basically makes it so people are always bunched up and you can't even quickly see who's in the room with you. It just looks weird.One pro of this port is that the game comes with all DLC: Colours, voice packs and characters are all included. Load times are also blazingly fast as expected.The netcode is the same as the console version so don't expect any improvements there.Awaiting some more patches, they are working on it which is nice at least."
76561198070985914,Recommended,586140,31418979,Posted: 28 April,all,joridy,welp still need alot of patch but it blazblue it good the way it is
,Recommended,586140,31382794,Posted: 26 April,all,appo,points which lead to the thumbs up-netcode is fine-large roster-lobbys are well handled.as long as there are enough people in it you can play instantly without to wait beforethe others are finished so that you can play + it has a ingame chat.-no lack of singleplayer content
,Recommended,586140,35018628,Posted: 17 September,all,oogabooga,cool game
76561198041609702,Recommended,586140,35167670,Posted: 23 September,all,Paradox,This game ruined my childhood friend.
,Recommended,586140,35255912,Posted: 27 September,all,Hase,"*for blazblue fans: JUST BUY THIS!, but on PS4, this franchise just get better and better over time, you wont be disappointed.to me this is the best fighting franchise i have ever played, i got hooked ever since Calamity trigger on PS Vita. Tekken is simply not my type, but street fighter, marvel vs capcom is just garbage compare to just any version blazblue, look at how much content in a $39.99 title!- NO microtransaction, NO overpriced cosmetic DLCs- satisfying combos, unique abilities for EACH character lead to unique play styles,... it never gets dull in this game.- proper story, unique conversation between some characters, etc. just make the game more interesting- tutorial is way better than in the past, short and easy to understand- multiplayer room is a literal room and can be customized with wallpaper, furnitures, etc.- pretty background, great soundtracks, solid 60 FPS at 4k res- NEWBIE friendly with stylish control mode (though i recommend practicing using manual mode because it's way more satisfying)- [the list keeps going on]down side:- no more unlimited mode, which was extremely fun for me, made combat so much more intense and fast, crazy combos, without it some characters feel a little bit weaker than the rest- gacha system for cosmetic items is fine but getting so many duplicates is not fun- you can hardly find opponent online on PC version, since this franchise is relatively new compare to street fighter, tekken, etc..., make sure that you got some friends or buy PS4 version."
76561198035960433,Recommended,586140,31386232,Posted: 26 April,all,LDPR,good game !!
,Recommended,586140,34641463,Posted: 31 August,all,TLG [ThePhantom],"I wish there was a ((Meh)) option in addition to the regular ((Recommended)) and ((Not Recommended)) so I could have chosen that instead. This game really game left me with a mixed feeling.------------------------------BlazBlue Centralfiction is the latest entry in the series. It's the title which finishes Ragna The Bloodedge's story arc. However, as a fan, I'm really disappointed with this game.Let's start with story mode. The story is completely linear now and that's not good. If you remember, the last game sometimes had branches in the story mode and each one of them was focused on a certain group of characters and what they did. Everytime you finished one of them, you had to complete other ones before being able to progress further. This way you knew exactly what each character was doing. But now there's a linear path which only focuses on Ragna and everyone who is with him or has some very important role in the story. Want to know what Bullet, Amane, Platinum The Trinity or Carl were exactly doing since they were not actively present in the main story? You have to go and watch every single one of the sub stories to find out; And you have to do that by navigating through every single act. (Can you believe that after some time I forgot Platinum, Mai and Bullet were in the story mode and the ending movie suddenly reminded me of them?!)For the story line, I can't help but feel unsatisfied. I don't know why, but I can't find the story really interesting like the previous games and I still have a lot of unanswered questions. This might be because I still haven't finished the sub stories, or maybe because of the lack of English dub (which I will talk about it in a moment). I will update this part of review after 100% completion of story and probably arcade mode.Before we get into other things, let's talk about the most discussed issue about this game: The English dub. For me the English dub was an important thing. I started to play Airdashers was because of BlazBlue Calamity Trigger. It had a great dub and I really liked it. And then what ArcSys does for the forth and the most important title in the series? They remove the exact reason I started to play and like BlazBlue! They remove the English dub ((to release the game faster for west))! I don't find this acceptable because they did this after 3 games which had English dub. And if I remember correctly, Continuum Shift only had the English dub and Japanese dub was DLC!I know some people will try to tell me ((Hey, Japanese dub is not that bad)) or ((You can get used to it)). But believe me, I tried so hard to accept Japanese dub and like it; But I couldn't. So I had to mute voices and guess what I found? Muting voices also mutes all of the movies in the game INCLUDING THE OPENING MOVIE! I understand why story movies got muted; But the opening movie? That does not make any sense to me. It's just a music. I have no problems with it because none of the characters are talking in it.Now, about the contents of the game. Currently; I've only completed main story mode (not 100%) and Ragna's Arcade mode. So I can only say this game has a lot of content (Like Arcade - Abyss - Missions) and lacks a lot of other content (like Unlimited Mars - Teach Me Ms. Litchi). This time, each character has THREE ARCADE ACTS. That means for each character, there are three arcade ladders with different final bosses. Abyss mode is also changed. In the last game you only had to raise your stats by completing matches or equipping some special items. But now you have to use different types of Grimoires instead of those items and you can tamper with those Grimoires in multiple ways to unlock more powerful effects for them.Now you might ask ((How is the port?)). Game's performance was horrible at launch: pixelation problems, frequent slow downs, glitches, graphical problems (see one of them here- this happened before 1.03 patch), lack of some graphical options, etc. Now a lot of those problems are fixed but some of them still remain; Like the weird slowdown on character select screen.Gameplay is still like the old game with numerous changes (which I will not list them all here because this review is already too long!) and overall, I can say that it's really enjoyable. However, I think Active Flow is the worst thing that is added to this game. Active Flow rewards the player who's attacking rapidly by increasing the damage of their attacks. So if you play against a player who's really skilled and you're not that good, you WILL get destroyed because he constantly attacks and also Active Flow gives him more power to kick your ###.Finally, about the extras you get by purchasing the game. Artbook is NOT GOOD! MEDIOCRE AT IT'S BEST! The artbook does have some nice artworks; But about 65-75% of it is filled with pictures of female characters in suggestive poses and clothes! The soundtrack is good and as same as previous titles (except Calamity Trigger which had the full soundtrack included), it only has 10 tracks. So don't expect to get the whole soundtrack of the game; it's only the ((BLAZBLUE SONG INTERLUDE III)) album.Final Thoughts:Overall, this game is a very good fighting game with lots of content; But I find it a disappointing BlazBlue. Final chapter of Ragna The Bloodedge's story was not as epic as I thought it might be...------------------------------Note: If I made any mistakes in the review (like the reason about the absense of dub), feel free to notify me of them and I will correct them.Note 2: As usual, I will make updates to this review after playing more.EDIT 3 - Reason: Fixing some typos, again."
,Recommended,586140,31680456,Posted: 11 May,all,#ExterminateEldians,can't wait for the English dub DLC!
,Recommended,586140,31560329,Posted: 5 May,all,Slaskburk,"It's the most recent installment of BlazBlue and is the same version that's available in arcades and on consoles.The game includes all the DLC from the get-go, no need to unlock any characters through the means of in-game currency.The game currently suffers from pixelated sprites, though it can be easiliy remedied through the use of 3rd party software, but do note that using these applications will likely raise the system requirements for the game to run smoothly. Developers are still looking into the issue and trying to get it fixed.The level of improvement achieved using the basic settings for the 3rd party programs can be seen here:http://imgur.com/a/ilBWzThe online netcode is decent. When playing users in the same region it's practically spotless, but during intercontinental matches (northern Europe -> US east) there's a quite notable delay - worse than what I experienced in Xrd playing the same person.In terms of offline content, there's a ton of stuff to do. They cut some game modes, added and tweaked others. They're all very fun and it'll probably keep you occupied for many hours.Overall, I haven't experienced a lot of issues - most of which were patched within a day or two after release. If you're on the fence - definitely give the game a shot, and in case it doesn't run properly/live up to expectations you always have the option of refunding."
,Recommended,586140,31400194,Posted: 27 April,all,Pixelmaniacs,"Alright, alright, already mixed reviews but still I'm upvoting this.And here's why:When a game ports to pc people expect it to look better and feel smoother and when that doesn't happen they're mad. This game has 60 fps and all but doesn't look as good as other games on pc, which people do not like. But if we don't look at the game like a port but as just a game then the game is still really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ good.Yeah it might not have glorious graphics, but it still looks good. The fighting feels good and is in terms of fighting games quite easy to pick up but still it's a fighting game so it's hard to master. The characters are diverse and are all extremely fun, and sidenote, we have all characters unlocked without even having to buy the DLC. And god I love the new mechanics, feels good man.The story continues from where Chronophantasma ended, but let's say that you've never played Blazblue before (in which case, you've missed something my friend) they'll still explain all events in 30-ish minutes at the start of the game so you can pick it up quite easily. And god the story is a mind♥♥♥♥ and a half. I was so confused at the start but I'm starting to understand it and it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ great. I love the story and the little fights mixed up in it.Also we have a few gamemodes for if you're bored with the standard combat, so there's that. (They're good fun).So TLDR:Bad port, amazing game. Good gameplay, fun characters, epic story and neat gamemodes. People are telling you guys to wait for a patch, but if you wait you're missing out on some good sht so just buy it, enjoy it, and live it. Wait wut?"
76561198044264389,Recommended,586140,31515333,Posted: 2 May,all,Zenolaz,"I don't know what everyone is complaining about. Switch the game to run on your GPU, and it runs great."
76561198068250117,Recommended,586140,31734815,Posted: 13 May,all,Gone,"Fixed, atleast most of the stuff for amd"
76561198047119190,Recommended,586140,31444138,Posted: 29 April,all,Judas King,give it time they will update the framework
,Recommended,586140,32647549,Posted: 22 June,all,μ-No.12,"Most issues fixed now. Great gameplay, characters, and value."
,Recommended,586140,32793837,Posted: 25 June,all,PingNasty,"Nice sound track, and a kick♥♥♥♥♥game go Anime."
,Not Recommended,586140,31382202,Posted: 26 April,all,Rain,At least they included all the DLC with this tbh so good on them.Sadly there's no player match lobbies (the giant lobbies with the arcade cabinets on ps4 version)
76561198132360016,Not Recommended,586140,31377132,Posted: 26 April,all,I>U,"ASW've scapregoated this game to their other one.To cut to the case: they are ignoring persitent netcode issues, that were fixed in a week since release on Rev2.And if you didn't know the story, they'd released the game with broken graphic, input and netcode 2 months ago. A patch to fix graphic and input was released today, when most of the people used 3rd party software to deal with them. It brakes 2 bindings, making them unbindable and provides you with, suprisingly, working AA, inferior to the one Nvidia Inspector provides.Considreing online, it's dead for me after Rev2's release. It was half-dead before that, with disconnects, slowdowns and broken invite system, but, aligedly, someone did what devs could not and made a mod for the named issue. I don't mean anything rude to the person who made it - he\she put an effort into it - but I won't install any community-made hackjobs, because I don't want any possible breaches.Seems like ASW wants you to get their other game this bad. It was pretty clear since the very release, because only a mole could have missed all that jaginess on sprites, at least in comprassion with CPEX. But I was stupid enough to rate CF positively, speaking of which, I suppose you shouldn't belive the store page's ratting, as it is heavly influnced by the hype of ASW fans. You could see the scale on the community's forums yourselves.In the end, I would like to recommend you Rev2 instead of this game. Sure, it's inferrior in terms of mechanic, but GG isan actually working game with one of the best Steamworks-based netcode on the store, I really think it is."
76561198054435479,Recommended,586140,31536963,Posted: 4 May,all,Jmamh,I love bb
76561198052610205,Recommended,586140,31552608,Posted: 4 May,all,Raizyr,"Very nice game, everything works for me, fighting mechanics are fun and challenging. I highly recommend it to anyone that likes fighting games!"
,Recommended,586140,32181433,Posted: 4 June,all,NashBlade,"I bought it to see the conclusion of the series in Story Mode. It was very deep, and did not disappoint. I was introduced to the series on my PS Vita (Continuum Shift Extend), and loved the story modes and English voice acting. I wish there were English voices in this version like all of the other fans, and would replay it an English DLC was made available.I like the various tutorials for the beginners, but it is useless as online for this game is usually barren 2 weeks after launch. Training to fight the CPU is meaningless IMO."
,Recommended,586140,32100226,Posted: 31 May,all,lambda is still OP,"In an unrelated question, whatever happened to the System Voices? Seriously, where are they?"
,Recommended,586140,32733629,Posted: 24 June,all,HBN,"Great game, little sad that there is no english subs at least (and more preferrably, I wish there was just the original dub) but despite that, a solid conclusion to Ragna's story if you've had the patience and determination to stay with the incredibly complex but amazing BlazBlue plot."
76561198141997725,Recommended,586140,32922882,Posted: 28 June,all,Hishi,I PLAY SO MUCH I DIED AND I LUV IT
,Recommended,586140,32921391,Posted: 28 June,all,DifaMii <Rg>,"Amazing game, not disappointed buying it"
,Recommended,586140,31533604,Posted: 3 May,all,Poppoy,Mantapp
,Recommended,586140,31531916,Posted: 3 May,all,KohiKoppu,Online play is fixed (at least for me) and frame issues are solved as well.Best entry so far and one of the best 2d fighting games i´ve ever played.Played alot on the ps4 version btw so dont get fooled by my playing time.Anything left to say? Well there is alot of semi-nudity... playing online while masturbating is not recommended though.But dont worry! There is a gallery mode for that!
76561198138772313,Recommended,586140,31438374,Posted: 29 April,all,KeineAhnung,"I bought the game the second it came out and it was seriously bad!Besides the super big pixels (and other problems), the worst thing by far was the framerate issues it had...I waited a long time for this game to come out for PC and I'm a great fan of the Blazblue-franchise, so you can imagine how frustrating it was when it came out with all these ProblemsBut with the recent patch it is totally playable again :)I'm happy to say that I can absolutely recommend this game to anyonewho likes fighting games and/or Visual Novels."
76561198000341659,Recommended,586140,31486868,Posted: 1 May,all,Djukor,FInal games in the series. And i like the fact the publisher took into consideration the fact it's 6 months late on PC and gave us all the DLC content alongside a fair price and a discount if you own one of the older games.Has all the characers all the stages all the songs.Only reason to ever buy the older games is for the story.But if you care about practising combos or playing vs other people this is the final and last version you will ever need.Netplay is decent and assuming you don't play on a laptop that has a HD graphics card it will work fine.
,Recommended,586140,33967393,Posted: 2 August,all,Ischyro Max,"So far, so good. I like the game just as much as the Guilty Gear series. I was reluctant to buy this game at first, and this is just my first BlazBlue game but I do not regret buying this. It's like playing Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator but is much more fast-paced than the latter. Very recommended for Guilty Gear fans who wants to have a different gameplay atmosphere."
76561198120794825,Recommended,586140,34863787,Posted: 10 September,all,jproject123,Where is version 2.0 update and is the hidden character Jubei available to play on steam?
,Recommended,586140,34789905,Posted: 7 September,all,Church of Lalatina,"This is the first time I review any game.1. Whole new game, whole new character. And a lot of interesting character. Talk about Mai <3 I love her.2. Bullet still my favorite girl. But damn, Mai stole my heart/3. Pretty good storyline.4. Run in 60fps. WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYLLLLLLYYYYYY goood.5. Hooo boi. New game mechanic. ""Active Flow"" and ""Exceed Accel""6. Celica healing weeeeiiiii"
76561197996045131,Recommended,586140,33210087,Posted: 3 July,all,AncoPro,So many characters. Looks and feels great.
,Recommended,586140,33153849,Posted: 2 July,all,Niceptic,Amazing! ❤❤❤
,Recommended,586140,34418317,Posted: 22 August,all,Zeabolos,Good novel!
,Recommended,586140,33227824,Posted: 4 July,all,Tamamo°,Good Port :D
76561198334503368,Recommended,586140,33307890,Posted: 6 July,all,Rawgna,I hope unlimited character playable
,Recommended,586140,35075380,Posted: 19 September,all,死の化身,how do i play ♥♥♥♥♥ witchi also want to play smooth criminal man with the knifehow to beat bloodedgy guy and his psychotic sister:spamsmooth criminal man best criminal man
76561198156575390,Recommended,586140,35105085,Posted: 21 September,all,Young Bucks,"Great game, plus easy to play."
,Recommended,586140,34343332,Posted: 18 August,all,神に祈る,"It didn't take long for me to spend my first 10 hours on this game. In fact, it was within three days that I did. With interesting characters with different playstyles, tweaks to old characters making them more versatile, and much more, it's hard not to spend a lot of time on this game- as long as you have someone to enjoy it with.Let me be honest; the single player options for this game are unchanging and unsatisfying, as tends to be the case with all fighting games, but here's why I bring up such a point: each time I try to either host or join an online match, the game crashes. After looking into it, I see that this has been happening for at least five months. It doesn't happen to everyone, sure, and it's generally fixed each update, but the fact that it remains a consistent problem is disheartening.So, yes, I recommend this game. Each character feels totally different to play and the actual gameplay is beautiful, smooth, and even beginner friendly. But be aware of the chance you may not be able to experience online gameplay before you choose to buy.On another note: Blazblue has had issues with balancing characters across all of their games. Between two, a character could go from worst 5 to top 5 in the blink of an eye. Expect to realize that as you play this game, especially when playing as or against Nine. If you go into a game playing a low tier character, try to acknowledge the reasons they are low tier. The same goes for playing against high tier characters. If you don't look into it, you will probably get frustrated because of the sheer imbalance."
76561198278674745,Recommended,586140,31392678,Posted: 27 April,all,nyeemjenkins,Had no problems works similar to console
,Recommended,586140,31585155,Posted: 6 May,all,Mischievous_Snake,"(This review is for patch 1.02)I'm honestly trying to decide if I recommend this or not and I'll post some pro's and con's that apply to different people.Single player ---No English Dub - It's great for the most part.  My biggest issue is the lack of English dub.  This absent dub makes all the taunts and in match talking essentially dead since I can't understand it and only story stuff gets subbed.Gameplay - The gameplay is a lot of fun.  Lots of characters to choose from, new game mechanics are a nice addition, and has a good variety of modes to play.Story - Personally I don't keep up with BB story but most people consider it a strong pro.  I just don't do visual novel type stuff, not my thing.Customize options - If you're coming from another BB game like Chronophantasma then you know what to expect.  Characters only have different colors to choose from and you can't add anything extra like accessories to make them unique and really stand out.  I wish there was more to it.Online ---Awful.  Just awful.  Constant lag everywhere I go and watching/hearing many other people have the same problems let me know that currently there is no point in taking online seriously or even bothering with it at all .  I really hope this gets fixed because online for me is a big deal.  I have no one in real life to play with so I really need online to be good.  Everyone I see online only has like 1 or 2 connection bars out of like 5.  I hear some people even give up looking for better because for me as well, it always turns up empty results.Final thoughts--I like the potential Blazblue has and the anime aspect of it.  So many different fighting styles and it's just as fun to watch as to play.  That said, if you already have Chronophantasma and don't know if you want this or not, then you may just want to save your money.  It doesn't offer much more, just a handful of new characters and balance changes that you may or may not agree with, and you lose access to the English dub.  If you're lucky enough to actually have local tournaments featuring the game and wish to attend, then yes pick it up."
76561198063402496,Recommended,586140,31906355,Posted: 22 May,all,OroruKaiza,"In a time when people loses their minds with ""competitive"" and ""simple"" fighting games, BBCF arrives to remember you how fun and estimulating can be a fighting game. Feel again that fighting spirit of the 90's: 2D awesome graphics, huming Soundtrack, charismatic characters with a lot of move sets, an amazing story etc.BBCF is the evolution of 2D fighting games which you played as a child and a remember of why you played them."
76561198020575563,Recommended,586140,33665761,Posted: 19 July,all,BBQBaconBurger,"Pros:Mai Natsume is finally a playable character (Aka best waifu)most complete roster of any game so far in the seriesCons:No english voice actorsNo unlimited formsOverall, 8/10."
,Recommended,586140,32025413,Posted: 28 May,all,"Eric Bischoff, Karate Man",Tager is really fun and ♥♥♥♥ing invincable. Noel's hurtboxes don't exist I'm pretty sure.  Other characters are probably in this game. 10/10
76561198254790634,Recommended,586140,32038789,Posted: 29 May,all,Mansen,"I have all Blazblue Games, most of them i played on the PS. This Game is so awesome, just tested it yesterday offline for a few hours. But what a blast!! Runs perfect in 4k 60fps, i had no technical problems. Centralfiction is the best of this series. Thank you Arc System! Cant wait for Guilty Gear Xrd Rev2, first of June ;-)"
76561198157355164,Recommended,586140,34894119,Posted: 11 September,all,Hero of Aura,"Booted up the game after a five hour wait... and was instantly mad.Limited D-Card features compared to CPNo English voices even though the game has been out for almost a year nowand the one thing that made me angry the most, WHERE THE HELL IS JUBEI?!Come on....Im going back to CP Extended (cause I still havent cleared the story yet) until this is patched...Pros,Good VisualsGreat new Characters (cant wait to try them)Menu is cleaned up a lot and is organizatedStylish selection is now dummy proof (you dont have to press a certain button)You can imput your own controllers for the menuThemes now have the character's picture now if you dont know thier theme and want to hear it.Music is suprisingly good for the new comers &Great tribute to X-BLAZE by adding Es. I love the idea.Cons,WHERE'S MY BOI JUBEI?! &They still arent saying the names right...In all honestly its good and quite solid for a quick glance... but im not touching the game until Jubei is in it or I finish CP's story...If you want to fight me and test out a character at some point in time I dont mind once I have free time here and there, I would be more than welcome to help anyone out and be thier punching bag as I mere amature player."
76561198045633184,Recommended,586140,33169784,Posted: 2 July,all,McGurbleTron,great fighting game
76561198292887591,Recommended,586140,31505678,Posted: 2 May,all,armin13c,it is working awesome :)!!! nice and fun game !!! buy it :D
,Recommended,586140,31379070,Posted: 26 April,all,Banzatou,"As a Naoto main, I would get carpal tunnel on the PS3.With the PC release, I can finally achieve complete disability in glorious 60 fps and slash my face with my keyboard to get that extra 0.2k dmg."
,Recommended,586140,31479429,Posted: 30 April,all,PostApocalypseKnight,"So far this game running fine in my PC after the update, the only problem that left is the pixelated character sprite, hope they will fix it lateroverall BlazBlue always been a fascinating franchise for me ever since the calamity trigger, and central fiction is definetly a great game, so i higly recommended this to people who addicted to fast pace fighting game with a lot of BOOM BOOM distortion and astral finish"
,Recommended,586140,31373388,Posted: 26 April,all,Assassinoid,"Please fix keyboard sensevity or something!It's almost imposible to pervorfm 41236 moves, but  DISTORTIONS 412364 are working normally"
,Recommended,586140,31675430,Posted: 10 May,all,Pinwheel of Pain,I used to think that best Waifu was Noel Vermillion. It's definatly Celica A. Mercury. 10/10
76561198204690079,Recommended,586140,31374718,Posted: 26 April,all,Calamity Blaster,Mori has blessed us with central fiction on pc hallelujah
,Recommended,586140,33332203,Posted: 6 July,all,Kaede,KOKONOE <3
,Recommended,586140,31590328,Posted: 6 May,all,slimegirls,nine's giant witch tiddies are 80% of this game's 20 gb
76561198093696020,Recommended,586140,31382542,Posted: 26 April,all,CASP3R,BLAZBLUE MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ER DO YOU SPEAK IT?street fighter aint no country i ever heard of
,Recommended,586140,31378953,Posted: 26 April,all,군대감(in military now),"About the port : nothing change from CPEX. same port, same s.hit, everything.About the game : much better than CPEXlittle tips for you.It seems like we capped on 30 fps on 'fullscreen'(even you have 60fps on your fps counter.) But after you change it as 'full window', it will changed as perfect 60fps.Another port error also will be solved by this(like capped on 40fps when you turn up the antialiasing. etc)"
,Recommended,586140,31679767,Posted: 11 May,all,Kizuro Shirosaki,"This game start with a rough start, low FPS, text going way far beyond the textboxt, LQ Sprites, etc as this game was a Console ""Exclusive"" one before coming hereBut the developers is very active in fixing this problem. And gradually those mistakes are gone"
76561198248661468,Recommended,586140,31654936,Posted: 9 May,all,BloodyGamer,"This game is the best fighting game and ever better if you're familiar with the Blazblue series, so as long as you can run the game then you'll love this kind of fighting experience.P.S. The story and community are some of the best I've ever experienced!Overall IT'S THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!"
,Recommended,586140,31675281,Posted: 10 May,all,Chrissy♥,I'm happy with this. FK THE REVIEWS! lol
76561198048902241,Recommended,586140,31983675,Posted: 26 May,all,samuelcamacaro,"Fourth & Final entry in the BlazBlue series - Toshimichi Mori gives us a satisfying finale to the Ragna the Bloodege saga - only wish is that Mitsuyoshi was part of the roster, but really can't complain this is a solid 10/10"
,Recommended,586140,31483717,Posted: 1 May,all,Kzsa,Play as RagnaPick Enemy IzanamiChoose BGM Stardust MemoryGo Overdrive as Ragnagot some Feelsstarting to cry
76561198383232199,Recommended,586140,31385417,Posted: 26 April,all,SuperEagle86,"Please stop reviewing games if you're on a PC made of wood with integrated Intel graphics. Also who the hell uses a keyboard for fighting games? Do you want carpal tunnel?Now I'm not saying it's perfect, the problem I had was flickering when in 1080. However it works fine in 1600x900 with 4x anti-aliasing, looks great and runs smooth at 60FPS.Again everyone complaining about poor framerates and too many jagged pixels is probably still running Windows 95."
76561198082548048,Recommended,586140,31494451,Posted: 1 May,all,Terumi-san,still need some improvement
,Recommended,586140,31374685,Posted: 26 April,all,Uncle,Great for the days you don't want to turn on the PlayStation 4.
76561198053034419,Recommended,586140,31382347,Posted: 26 April,all,Jannis,Nu is still cancer.13/13
,Recommended,586140,31387424,Posted: 26 April,all,Xaelath,Update : 7/19/2017Jubei is comingCF 2.0 is ComingThe game is already Polished 1080p 60 FPS without any minor/major bugs.Heres come the Hype Train
,Recommended,586140,31492021,Posted: 1 May,all,Chechen^^PRo,"To me, it lags a bit, but other than that, it's great! ^w^"
,Recommended,586140,34944972,Posted: 14 September,all,SoundMatch,I feel sexual
76561198068173067,Recommended,586140,31473517,Posted: 30 April,all,Redberry,"BB fan since CS,new characters, great story, new combos and challenges!Also great art. <310/10 would buy another BB game if there is a sequel."
,Not Recommended,586140,31513858,Posted: 2 May,all,KrOmPOPuLoS,"Where is the english dub?!?! Why are the graphics worse than BBCE? Seriously where is the english dubbing..? Ruined this game for me, they gave us a taste of a great franchise and feel we deserve scraps now. The only saving grace was the price, but with so many good competitors I can see how they can't afford it.I would have gladly waited/payed extra for a dubbed release.. that's why they had a team to localize it. I don't want to return the product with this new found knowledge, because I would love to see more releases in the states. Just with- ya know, english. Divvy out some royalties and get us some DLC!"
76561197998717797,Not Recommended,586140,31794909,Posted: 16 May,all,Khorne on the Kob,"I seem to be the only person who is complaining not about the port, but at the game itself. The port worked fine for me(with a little help with my Radeon Software) but it's really the game play that has just gone down hill for me. I've played every PC version of Blazblue, from CT, CS, CP and now CF. CP is the best of them for a number of reasons but let me take this time just to winge at CF.First off, the new characters, I'm not sure how to put it, but most of them are just not good. Nine is good, Izanami and Hibiki are close to being good, but the other four are just...I don't know...uninteresting, basic, I guess. If you fight them, they just feel the same, each one is just a flurry of♥♥♥♥♥♥rushing you down, when you play as them, yes their inputs are different but the end result is the same, just a rushdown character with different flashy combos. Some people, like Izanami just have wierd moves that might be interesting if it wasn't just used for combo filler(like her ability to hover). I can't put it any other way, they're just not good, if they were taken out it woudln't feel as a loss to me.Second and my biggest complaint, the speed of the game is way too fast, CS had a good pace, CP was on the verge of being to fast but it was fine, CF is even faster. Overhead attacks, faster, many of them don't even look like overhead attacks, Guard crushes, ♥♥♥♥ing instant ... why?!? They made so much sense in CP, it was yet another way to break your opponent's guard, that required the barrier to nulify, that fact that you have so many ways to attack and break your opponent's guard, IMO necessitated a slower pace. But CF was like screw that, you wanna play D, you need to be Nostradamus, because it's really just a guessing game at that point.The fast pace also means you can't hit confirm anymore(google it if don't know what that is), you just have to dial your combo because the recovery times are near instant, in the time it takes for you to realize that you've hit, and press the button to expand upon your combo, they've already recovered. Your combos have to be fast, no delay on their input, none, just dial it as fast as possible or the combo will drop; and even then, they sometimes still drop for no discernible reason.BB:CF is feeling more like Guilty Gear Xrd, which I don't like. I know it's the same company but still, they shouldn't merge the two styles. In the end, CP is better, and if people weren't leaving CP for CF I would still play CP.Oh and to top it all off, no English voice acting...just Japanese which I can't understand. Even worse I can't listen to Izanami's glorious English voice now...combined with a 50Gb download, this game just seems like the embodiment of Laziness."
,Not Recommended,586140,31658839,Posted: 9 May,all,David:SoulFood,"On god bruh, every other Blazblue game i have works fine on this PC of mine, my joint can even run heavy♥♥♥♥♥games like dark souls or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ (thanks to my friend who came over to confirm this)Real talk...all the games i own on steam run fine on my PC, and yet when it boils down to this game....for what ever reason (even on its lowest settings) this♥♥♥♥♥♥wants to run at like... 2 frames per second..... its SO SLOW...Chronophantasma, Continuum shift, and Calamiy trigger, run fine on my PC, even on the highest settings... so why is THIS an acception?I really love blazblue, but at this very moment, this game is trash until they can fix the goddamn issues with the framerate.And i know for a fact im not the only one with this problem, half the people reviewing this have the same, if not similar issues that im having right now."
76561198022635274,Not Recommended,586140,35290272,Posted: 29 September,all,Artex Xuri,"As someone who has played the other three installments almost religiously it pains me so much that after a long break i came back to this. The lack of an english version kills me, and to think that after all the effort theyve put into the others that they would slack at the end... ive come to know all the characters, interactions, even the voices define who they are to me... and all that is lost in centralfiction. if it wasnt for subtitles and the always english announcer i wouldnt be able to understand anything at all. so... i cant enjoy a game that shares none of the qualities of the other three ive come to love. if they release and english patch ill pick it up, till then.... disappointment over the end of a otherwise perfect series"
76561198108182305,Recommended,586140,32195332,Posted: 5 June,all,Limeativity,Very fun!
,Recommended,586140,35032105,Posted: 17 September,all,Ａｚｍｏｄａｄｄｙ,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Not Recommended,586140,33784978,Posted: 25 July,all,Skyy,"While the complex and fun combat of the Blazblue series is still present and happily untarnished, the lack of an English dub weighs heavily on my enjoyment of this title. I miss my favorite voice actors relaying to me this story. I understand that these were not their original voices, but they are the voices that I began this journey with, and leaving them behind leaves some of my investment it these characters behind as well.Additionally, there are no subtitles for in combat dialogue. What was once witty banter between characters at the beginning of a fight, or unique lines exchanged between people who knew one another is now lost to me as indecipherable noise.New characters are alway welcome mechanically, but the bunch added in this game are a mixed bag in terms of personality and plot relevance. About half of them are recognizable characters with a meaningful place in the ongoing storyline, which loyal fans of the series have been waiting to get their hands on for some time. The other half is... juvenile, light novel-esque, Mary Sue-ish, and cliche.The narrative quality also seems notably diminished, with the writers seemingly unable to figure out how to keep the story going for another game. Seems like maybe they should have ended the story last game and included (some of) these characters as dlc for that higher quality, and more cohesive experience.If all you care about is the punching, slashing and bashing, it's still good here, and probably worth your money. If you had investment in these characters, it might be time to put this series down. Leave your memories of Blazblue on a happy note."
,Recommended,586140,31492227,Posted: 1 May,all,Jin™,REP+I love this game because Noel' is my waifu xDSaya suka permainan ini karena Noel wibu saya xD
,Recommended,586140,31592085,Posted: 6 May,all,ire,"good game, anyone complaining about lack of dub has a broken brain because subs are infinitely superior"
76561198124877758,Recommended,586140,32494786,Posted: 16 June,all,Parlofirus,gud game
,Not Recommended,586140,31381725,Posted: 26 April,all,Scar,no dub
,Not Recommended,586140,35041937,Posted: 18 September,all,Duck,"After trying everything, the game literally will not open. It shows the splash screen and then almost immediately closes. From the little i've interacted with the UI, though, I can already see that this game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port with no mouse functionality, and complete reliance on a controller or keyboard to use. The game is also 50GB (while only being 12GB on console), which is completely outrageous for a fighting game and shows signs of bad optimization. According to other players, the game also has resolution and framerate problems, and numerous other optimization problems. Maybe I could make a better review if the game would ♥♥♥♥ing open.TL;DR:♥♥♥♥♥♥port and horrible optimization, get it on console or don't get it at all."
,Recommended,586140,31372165,Posted: 26 April,all,Oblivion,No variable heart and MUST DIE as ost0/10
,Not Recommended,586140,33234582,Posted: 4 July,all,ChozZayy,"Just get it on PS4, if you want to play the game with no problems at all, i downloaded this out of my love for Arksys work, but i kinda regret it now since the frame rate was so low and there was no one online, and i couldnt configure the key bindings for my arcade stick, soooo, just get it on console, or just get fighting games on console tbh.This is just for those who are thinking of getting fighting games on PC's dont take my review to heart, this was just an issue for me."
76561197998474082,Not Recommended,586140,33761732,Posted: 24 July,all,Lazy Lancer,"Character sprites look ridiculously jagged and low-res, like.. hello 640x480. Steam screenshots do not show this fully since they`re low res as well. But on a big screen it looks like you`re playing a game from 1998. Completely unacceptable in 2017 when any low budget anime fighting could look even better. God, even the previous BB titles looked better.Yes, i know, it`s not the most important part in a fighting game... but i was absolutely disappointed after the lovely-looking Guilty Gear :( And for some reason this game needs to download 50 Gb  while Guilty Gear takes only 12 Gb..."
76561198084385946,Not Recommended,586140,33140676,Posted: 2 July,all,Cif Raiden,"So this game takes 48.5 GB for what??There is no english Dub and there won't be one, great-.-Even rendered in 4k and displayed at 1080p it stays the pixel art game we now from previous games.If you are a fan of the series, like me, don't buy it. It won't do you any good."
,Recommended,586140,31390822,Posted: 27 April,all,Cake,"Don't listen to the little ♥♥♥♥♥es that talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about BBCF for PC.1: Who the ♥♥♥♥ plays fighting games with a keyboard? lmao.2: Performance problems? maybe you guys should stop playing on potato computers from 20073: Network issues? what are you guys on dialup? lmao.The only bad thing is, they took out the online lobby system, only player matches and ranked matches are left but they did the same for CPEX, sooo....Also, it kinda sucks how the loyalty discount does not stack with the launch discount but seriously, don't be a cheap ♥♥♥♥, get a job lmao."
,Recommended,586140,31373689,Posted: 26 April,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Not Recommended,586140,32977416,Posted: 29 June,all,Blue Cloud Strife,"So apparently some idiots in Aksys decided to release this without an English Dub, game is not fun or engaging without one so I guess I'm returning this until they release one."
,Not Recommended,586140,32163592,Posted: 3 June,all,Laudy,Go play Guilty Gear instead. :I
76561198008329790,Not Recommended,586140,31714761,Posted: 12 May,all,Darth Brandon,"I can't recomend this game. I hate that this game has no enlgish vo. It was looking like it was going to be my go to fighting game. but, there speaking japanese. It took me so out so out of the experiance the character i thought i was going to like i found my self hating. Looking at the terrible lip sync having no idea what there talking about. I hope people will boycot this step of blazblue so they don't decide this kind of thing is ok."
,Not Recommended,586140,31372980,Posted: 26 April,all,ZeroNight,"50gb and not even an English dub, unlike every other game in the series. Plus, the pre and post-match dialogue isn't subtitled. Mechanically the game may be better to the prior ones, but because of it missing such a large part of what the series had for 7 years now, I still consider it a large step backwards."
,Not Recommended,586140,33746959,Posted: 23 July,all,guro,kids game
,Recommended,586140,31378883,Posted: 26 April,all,A half eaten donut,"Aside from the resolution and fps issue that everyone else is having, the game would no recognize my pad. I launch BBCPEX and it works just fine, but this game just refuses to take the inputEdit: After some tweaking, I managed to find the driver to the arcade stick, which seems to do the trick. The game runs fine now, and I finally got to play around with the characters a littleOver all, it's a good game. I enjoy playing around with the new characters. I have never been quite a competitive player of the game, so I have no idea how balanced the game is. All I can say is I had fun in the challenge mode pulling some fun combos. Desepite the performances issues, overall the game looks good enough"
76561198283051028,Recommended,586140,31387044,Posted: 26 April,all,Johnarex,"Sprites look like they were done in ms paint, still a good game though please fix jpeg graphics."
,Recommended,586140,31406615,Posted: 27 April,all,Nexavss,"As someone who is new to the series and someone who took into consideration the other reviews here on steam, I can say that I'm not disappointed. Still you're able to see the issues other people are having which hopefully will be fixed later with a patch.Not a fan of the series nor am I good at fighting games. However the 2+hrs of playtime that I have on this game have been fun. The artstyle of the game is good and the game modes for me have been very entertaining. I'm not very knowledgeable on fighting games to be able to know which, if any, characters are unbalanced but, they all feel solid so far in my opinion.So far I have enjoyed the game and I would definetly suggest people to try it out."
76561197980881916,Recommended,586140,31396731,Posted: 27 April,all,Twitchy,"I get pixelated graphics for anything lower than my native resolution which is 1920x1080, so if you have this problem, just change your resolution. Also, it's best to run the game in borderless window mode. I haven't had any other issues. My PS3 fight stick works fine. My FPS is contantly 60. Everything is all good on my end, but they certainly need to iron out the aforementioned problems.Other than that, the game is a good upgrade to CP. I was initially not going to purchase this coming from CP, but for $32 I couldn't resist. It turned out to be a lot better than I expected. The only things that are technically a downgrade is the lack of an English dub and no unlimited characters, both of which I really do not care about, personally.I may update my review with more detail as I play more, I just wanted to push this review out for anyone who may be having issues, or concerns."
76561197970515347,Recommended,586140,31402669,Posted: 27 April,all,Godshand13,Awesome Fighter! I have been looking forward to BBCF's release since it was annouced. There are a few issues here and there but nothing game breaking. Hopefully online will get some love as well. Until then I will be reframiliarizing myself and warming up for the inevitable online brawls.
76561198035256238,Recommended,586140,31425761,Posted: 28 April,all,entropicmyopic,"Certainly one of the best fighting games there is.  If you're bored by lack of variety and skill ceiling in games like Street Fighter V, give BlazBlue a shot."
,Recommended,586140,31383121,Posted: 26 April,all,Taber IV,"I'm still annoyed with the way mapping controls effects works and changes buttons in the menu, but I can live with it."
76561198002357870,Recommended,586140,31373999,Posted: 26 April,all,Blackwind,"Edit 2: Game looks excellent now.Edit: Game looks decent now. Lobby needs work. Hopefully sprites look smoother in further updates.Game looks like a pixalated ♥♥♥♥ pizza, even if set to lowest resolution.Will refund in 2 weeks if no patch to clean it up."
76561198129354060,Recommended,586140,31406725,Posted: 27 April,all,dstyledesu,After that messy launch the port is pretty solid now. cant get into the detail is this game good or not  but if you like previous installment i think you'll like this one too.
76561198295530174,Recommended,586140,31535396,Posted: 3 May,all,Woof,"Edit: All issues have been resolved now.I can now suggest this purchase I didn't actually think the developers would address every single problem.I expected a net-code fix and a resolution fix, but they added a way to change the internal resolution while maintaining a 1080p display resolution effectively resolving every issue related to speed."
,Recommended,586140,31384875,Posted: 26 April,all,愚かな娼婦 | 777 |,"after 3 months they solved my complaints, this game is now a great port. the biggest thing I miss from the console version is the Lobby mode but after seeing Guilty Gear Rev2's thats not that big of a deal to me. this game will only get better if more people play it."
,Recommended,586140,31401448,Posted: 27 April,all,fred,It's alright.
76561198047609043,Recommended,586140,31386289,Posted: 26 April,all,Loli Princess,"Well, here we are. The devs are doing whatever they can to fix the mess that was this game at launch.Maybe we can finally see the true splendor this series is capable of.But I still don't know why the ♥♥♥♥ the game is 50 gigs. I mean, even if the cutscenes were in 4k 1080p EXTREME HD and stuff the game wouldn't go beyond the 30 gigs. And the cutscene are not in that quality, believe me.What is inside this game?"
,Recommended,586140,33565040,Posted: 15 July,all,JustGoGamer,"As I am writing this, the controller and keyboard are still one player. Aside from that, this game is great. And even that isnt such a big downside, since this game is much better with a controller. If you like fighting games and you want a good story, go play this series. Its awesome."
,Recommended,586140,31381659,Posted: 26 April,all,Jdude330,"Despite a rough launch, With the game ironed out and the newly announced Jubei DLC on the way, I can faithfully say this game is worth the asking price. The 7 newcomers are a blast to play as, and the story mode is worth it as well. There's not much to say here, if you like CPEX, you'll like Centralfiction.Keep in kind though, there is no english dub if that's a selling point for you."
,Recommended,586140,33657835,Posted: 19 July,all,Kiwi,"All initials problems now gone, hop on aboard the game that got me into fighting games.Good things:- Characters are quite different from each other, having their unique playstyle. There's even the ""Look at my special stuff"" button (Drive)-Flashy as ♥♥♥♥. No kidding, combos dont do just damage, they are stylish as heck, you got Overdrive (Power up) to add more salt to the tears of your enemies while looking even cooler. And yeah,  characters shout the special atacks.-Mechanics are good, and there are a lot (Dont be scared, the tutorial teaches them, nothing hard for the mind). Normal defense, instant defense, barrier, airdash, superjump, reversals, command grabs, grab reject, 4 types of ground wakeups, tons of ways to use your heat gauge (good ol special gauge), rapid cancel, counter assault, crush trigger, distortions.-Waifus?-Azrael?Bad things:- You may end up mad about your opponent winning and end up playing till 4am.About online:Not the best, both in netcode and other things. But it's not bad, i recommend adding every player you meet that doesnt lag heavily, and playing a ton with those not lagged at all. Lag is bad as in any game, but here is worst."
76561198082575558,Recommended,586140,33666019,Posted: 19 July,all,Cactus,The online is AMAZING! and the loading times are VERY GOOD! This game is fun to play!
76561198143377847,Recommended,586140,33638905,Posted: 18 July,all,Simatron3000,All the launch issues have been fixed and this is now the definitive version of the game. Go buy.
,Recommended,586140,33662138,Posted: 19 July,all,Tezslah,Coming from the Blazblue cross tag hype and Jubei announcement hype. Been a while since I played a Blazblue game. They've added so much content and characters now. You'll spend hours learning any characters due to them being so different from each other. Blazblue have come such a long way. Only downsides are the dated look (The game looks the same as it did 9 years ago) and the lack of people playing this game. It's hard to find matches in the late hours. Need more peeps to buy this game!
,Recommended,586140,33707626,Posted: 21 July,all,DimDito,"Pretty steep learning curve for newcomers to get into, especially considering the tight mechanics and extremely thick lore that gives Kingdom Hearts a run for its money. (My first BlazBlue game and I understood jack sh** what was going on)Otherwise a very fun fighting game with addictive gameplay that looks and runs really nice. Plenty of singleplayer content with a rich roster of characters that justify the price. Decent story (after hours of catching up on the internet) and a satisfying conclusion to Ragna's saga. Had an awesome time with friends."
76561198114460767,Recommended,586140,31403426,Posted: 27 April,all,Blake Belladonna is best girl,"Nine is top waifu, Mai is scrub waifu."
76561198253015205,Recommended,586140,31391574,Posted: 27 April,all,Rachel Alucard,I am sorry last time I said there is a bug in Rachel's challenge mode. Actually it is me who didn't excecute the command correctly. I would recommend this game for those who love fighting game. It has a rich story and the gameplay is fast and awesome.
76561198089617151,Recommended,586140,31392813,Posted: 27 April,all,Turel,"Update 28/07/2017Since bug fixes  and most of the problems have been fixed and because of that i can now Recommend this game a lot of the optimization and visual issues have been fixedPros+Excellent Gameplay+Great music+Okay graphics+Excellent Art design+1080p render+Great Animation+Fantastic Anime sequence in Story mode+A lot of contentI still stick to the point that this game should of had  Japanese & English dub voice acting within this game since it's something the fan base really wants and could brought more people to the player baseOld review below VVAt this moment in time, i can not recommend this game it has some major issues the port seems to have technical issues that will hopefully be fixed over time.- It looks really bad compared console counterparts (even the PS3 version looks superior). It even looks worse than the previous titles on Steam somehow.-The optimization is awful. If you thought the 50gb would at least make the game run well, you would be very wrong sadly-No English dub. So we get five times the installation size but are put down to only a Japanese track for this release compared to its prequels, something seems wrong there. Even worse fans have been asking for an English dub since 2016.Personal view that Japanese & English dub versions should be in the same game in 2017.-Cancel/Confirm buttons are bound to whatever you set C/D to making for some awkward placements depending on how you have your buttons set up and which type of controller you useThis is the swan song for the Blazblue series and it's a shame that PC owners get slightly shafted so it might leave a sour taste in your mouth about the series as a whole if you pick up the game in its current form. I will be more than happy to change my review of this game and talk about the positives once a lot of the issues have been fixed."
,Recommended,586140,31378557,Posted: 26 April,all,Tremenvan,"TL;DR : the game is good but the port sucks, it is in your best interest to buy the console version if you can. Otherwise, you will have to fix the performance issues yourself, but once you do the game is fun.RIP Bullet mains.As a fan of the series, I was really excited to hear Central Fiction was going to be released on Steam. So when it was finally released, I immediatly bought it, even though the 10% bonus loyalty discount wasn't available yet, because apparently making discounts work properly is a complicated thing to do. Anyway.As much as I was expecting this game and as much as the game itself seems a lot of fun on the console versions...This port. This port is a huge mess. It's way worse than the Calamity Trigger port, which was already pretty bad. Basically, there are HUGE performance issues, meaning even if you had 60fps at all times in Chronophantasma Extend, yo might just get stuck at around 15fps even with all graphic options disabled. I won't even go over how the sprites somehow got butchered because people are going to start flame wars again, but to give you an idea of exactly how bad the port is, they managed to make the opening laggy.Don't buy this until a patch is released.Edit: Apparently the game uses the integrated GPU by default, thus causing extreme performance issues. You can find how the solution to this problem here :http://steamcommunity.com/app/586140/discussions/0/1319962173910302305/You can also fix the pixelation issues using Nvidia inspector, so that's cool.Edit 2: With much-needed balance pactches and Jubei soon (?) coming to the game as well as the aforementioned solutions to the peformance issues, this review has been changed to positive. Still wish the port was more polished from the start though."
76561198051436879,Recommended,586140,34049742,Posted: 5 August,all,PridefulHippo,"This game is absolutely fantastic, the game feel is great and has some amazing character designs. The mechanics are super intuitive once you get a handle on them and I can't wait to play more. If you're having trouble finding games check the discord."
,Recommended,586140,31410808,Posted: 28 April,all,λ Lambda,"Pros:-Plenty characters.There are 35 characters i think?-Various mode that will keep you busy.But not as fun as BBCPEX-Cheaper than ps4 version and contains all dlc-Memorial book for free in the game folder.-After disable the regionlock, online rooms are more alive than I expectedCons-Delay input in online mode for me.-No more 'Teach Me, Miss Litchi!-No playable unlimited characters.-Arcade ending not available in gallery.All the characters are seem unbalanced. But 'git gud' tips always come in handy. ;)Recommended for those who are in it for the stories.For anyone who are looking for the gameplay, BBCPEX is better.There are news that Jubei is coming as a dlc for this game. Also rumors for unlimited characters.If these features are implemented in the future, the game might have potential to become the best series of Blazblue saga.I will edit this from time to time."
76561198069111134,Recommended,586140,34978372,Posted: 15 September,all,TinMan,"Really fun game with hours of content. If you plan on playing online stick to the console version as its painfuly bad in my experience. this might be a deal breaker since you know, it is a tournament fighter."
76561198122351815,Recommended,586140,35086541,Posted: 20 September,all,legodj16 BoostedBanobo,a great conclusion of Ragnas Saga on BlazBlue.The game is better balanced aswe... oh fk you Nine!
,Recommended,586140,34590631,Posted: 29 August,all,MattoCat,Game received BB CF 2.00 update with Jubei and I like Blazblue it's cool play it :)
,Recommended,586140,35122532,Posted: 22 September,all,Pepsi,"its pretty hard mechanically, but putting in the effort and grinding it out gives a great feeling. i can sit there trying to do combos for hours. I recommend if you are into fighting games, and if you aren't i think you should wait for cross tag battle to come out, i hear its more beginner friendly. But if you want a challenge this game is great."
,Recommended,586140,35506072,Posted: 5 October,all,ArcXen,"I never thought I would like fighting games that much but recently I tried a few and this was by far the best in my opinion, This game has so many great things such as the unique roster of playable characters, responsiveness of the gameplay, the artstyle and the amazing soundtrack.I would recommend BlazBlue Centralfiction to anyone who enjoys fighting games and to people who want to give fighting games a shot."
