user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,586390,31225629,Posted: 18 April,all,DeadPoolX,"If you've ever played an old game called Missile Command, you know the basic premise of this game. That said, Missile Cards takes Missile Command's formula and changes it from a ""real-time arcade action game"" into a ""turn-based strategy game using cards.""PROS:+ Very low system requirements.+ Charming pixel-based graphics.+ Easy-to-learn (but tough-to-master) turn-based strategy gameplay.+ Inexpensive at $4.99 USD.CONS:- Gameplay can get repetitive after a while.- The menu feels a little awkward.- The ""luck factor"" can sometimes be annoying.- The descriptions for some cards and upgrades could be more detailed.- No Steam Cloud** If this changes, I'll amend my review.VERDICT: If you enjoy card-based or turn-based games, aren't easily bored by somewhat repetitive gameplay, and don't mind (or even prefer) the pixel graphics, this is a great purchase. Add in the low price point and it'll be difficult to go wrong."
76561197989413633,Recommended,586390,30997547,Posted: 7 April,all,Zaandin,"I think this is a great game. I am a fan of Nathan Meunier's previous game, This Book is A Dungeon, so I was immediately intrigued. It's a turn based game where cards govern everything. Each card gets put onto a conveyor belt and you have so many turns to use cards, such as missiles, before they get dropped off and reshuffled back into the pack. Of course, this is also where the hazards come into play. Once you see a comet card heading towards the end of the conveyor it will drop into the left side of the screen, hurtling towards your base one step at a time.It's quite surprisingly robust, with hidden depth and strategy needed in order to progress through the five missions. But don't be put off the mission count since each mission has three challenges to complete before unlocking the next mission. There's also upgrades and new cards to buy with gathered debris from missions. There's a great amount of content for such a small asking price!I also really like the pixel artwork and 8-Bit style music.All in all this is a great game for a low fee that I highly recommend. Oh and there's a button that allows you destroy all of humanity. What's not to like ^_^Hope it does well.P.S I hope there's future updates for it such as Endless Mode (if there isn't already a mode like that included, I haven't got that far into it lol) or hot seat multiplayer. That could be interesting, each player defending their own base, for example."
,Recommended,586390,31019248,Posted: 8 April,all,halfvoid,"Interesting take on Missile Command style gameplay. Each hazard (comets, nukes, etc) moves towards your bases one space a turn, as you play defensive weapons that need to charge up before firing to destroy the hazards. Protect your bases or die trying. As you progress through the stages, you'll unlock more defensive weapons and passive abilities for your bases.Good Solitaire feel and pace, with enough replayablity to keep you restarting or moving on to ""just one more stage""."
,Recommended,586390,31026665,Posted: 8 April,all,-KV- ImpartialCrab,"This game has some decent graphics, music, and most of all, unique and engaging gameplay."
,Recommended,586390,31157771,Posted: 15 April,all,NukNukGoose,"Fantastic game, buy it. If you want to find out why, read on. But seriously, just go buy it.First off, let's get this out of the way: I'm not a fan of strategy games. My ADD-riddled ginger brain has never really taken to them; I just don't have the focus and patience necessary. That said, I really like the idea of a strategy game; in theory they're really appealing to me. The mental picture I have looks like this: Me (hey, that's me!) sitting on the couch, sipping delicious steaming coffee, nodding calmly like I know what I'm doing, contemplating my next move, placing my cup back on its coaster, then executing my move to resounding success. That's the picture I have of me playing a strategy game! Sounds fantastic, right? Try drinking coffee while you're playing (another favorite game of mine) Nuclear Throne and just SEE what happens! I'm not paying to have your couch cleaned.In reality, the picture you'd see of me playing any other strategy game looks like this: Me sitting on the couch (hey, that's me again, but this time something's wrong. I look angry), profanity, frantic clicking, obtuse on-screen movements that I don't understand, me spilling coffee, more profanity, rage-quit.Anyway, I've long entertained the thought of a strategy game that hit some magic balance of accessibility, action, entertainment, and presentation. Those are the ingredients it would take for me to obtain that ideal, nice, and relaxing time playing a strategy game.Good news: That game is a finally reality and Missile Cards is its name.Let me throw some stream-of-conscience sentence (fragments) at you to tell you about this game. This is where my well-thought out structured review falls apart, but remember, you're dealing with someone with no attention span or patience.The look and feel is great. Super easy navigation; it plays really well with a Steam controller in simple WASD+Mouse mode. It has the exact right music for this game, a little warm, a little tense, and quite chip-tuney. The learning curve is perfectly executed. I lost my first game and couldn't wait to try again. I'd pay twice the price and be happy to do so. I'll gladly buy it again when it comes to a mobile platform.Oh, and this is such a fascinating premise!!! Missile Command turned card-based strategy??? YES!!! Well done, super creative and fun to play. Support someone that made something awesome and get this game. After that, right-click it and add it to your favorites, because it is just that."
,Recommended,586390,33672899,Posted: 20 July,all,CelJaded,"A fairly unique spin on the genre and a fine, if brief, slice of card-driven entertainment.It will be tricky to find another digital card game on the market today that gets its point across faster than Missile Cards does. Decked out in the sort of 8-bit retro aesthetic that we've come to love and loathe in equal measure, this wonderfully simple game tasks players with fending off the many nukes, comets, and other hazards that threaten to destroy their planet-side base of operations.A set deck of player cards is assigned for your chosen level with each one featuring the planetary missiles and laser beams that you'll need to fend off threats of differing intensity. The gameplay is as simple as loading your chosen card into your console and waiting for it to charge before deploying it in a satisfying explosion of pixelated debris.If you've got a tractor beam handy then you'll also be able to hoover up that valuable detritus whereupon it will be converted into space cash that can be used to purchase a small suite of brand new cards for your preset decks. Aside from the escalating threats, base upgrades, and the odd new tools that appear as the game progresses, that's pretty much all you need to know going in.The best moments in Missile Cards are surely during those early stages where a slight feeling of trepidation is outweighed by the satisfaction of blasting meteors out of the sky for the first time. The designer has sought to carefully emulate Missile Commands' basic thrills here and you can tell that a lot of care and detail went into the moment when a player activates a defence. Comets explode with a resounding (and optional) shake of the screen, turrets fire off cascades of thumping bullets, and should a live nuke ever touch down on your base then the spectacular mushroom cloud almost makes up for your immediate defeat!Missile Cards is a fun little time-waster to say the least, but the lack of any clear indication as to when a new level unlocks hurts it. Earning upgrades, achievements, and new cards can already feel too grindy and every moment that the cool-looking boss level is put off is just further risk that players will eventually give up due to the monotony that inevitably sinks in.Similarly, you have no real control over your deck or what cards appear during play. The game actually has a somewhat automated feel where the player simply loads up a weapon and waits, hoping that the cards they want to see show up in the correct order. That's not to say that the game is totally devoid of planning or interaction, but Missile Cards certainly has the quickfire qualities that would suit its mobile versions better than its Steam release.Fortunately though, Missile Cards' cheap price tag and accessible gameplay is sure to please those looking for a brief slice of entertainment without expense or tutorial time creating a barrier.Read the full review at my blog »"
,Recommended,586390,31004322,Posted: 7 April,all,lvl54spacemonkey,Played this back in it's early demo and it was tough and maybe slightly unfair. Since then it's been tweaked a load to maintain that toughness but also be a lot more fair. There's a cool core concept with it's mashing of Missile Command's premise with a turn based strategic card game as the base of its gameplay. Really cool dirty sounding chiptunes too. Quite recommended.
76561198037222425,Recommended,586390,31029451,Posted: 8 April,all,Lord Gek,"An elegant highscore chasing game of solitaire that, sadly, actually seems extra topical with recent events."
,Recommended,586390,31543599,Posted: 4 May,all,andy_k_250,"I had previously played Nathan Meunier's ""This Book Is A Dungeon,"" which I thoroughly enjoyed, so when I saw that he had released ""Missile Cards"" and that it was inspired by one of my favorite old Atari games, I was happy to spend $5. Having now completed the game, I had a great experience overall and I think that it was essentially the perfect length. The levels and artillery are diverse enough to keep the gameplay from being too repetitive in what is, objectively, a simple concept that is well-executed. While the gameplay principles are basic once you get the gist of them, there is still plenty of room for strategy and luck to make things interesting. I could see the concepts here being further expanded or for new content to be added at a later date. I look forward to seeing what Meunier's next project will be."
76561197970504799,Recommended,586390,31189418,Posted: 16 April,all,Raoh,"In a nutshell: ""I'll just have one more round, I can do it this time - damn it!""Then you realise it's 2am. :)The developer, Nathan, has created a very addictive game here and I think I've only just scratched the surface after a few great hours of entertainment already - at a bargain price too.While initially Missile Cards can appear to be fairly simple game (there is a tutorial) the depth soon becomes apparent:- Do you go for higher scores by taking threats out later (see the x1, x2, 3x etc. grid numbers for score bonus) but then run the risk of being overwhelmed?- There's a nice point based upgrade system for your base defences that's earned with experience gained, and you'll need those upgrades later!- Each area introduces different mechanics and new dangers - which will have you cursing as you try to deal with them - but with that one-more-go feeling that good indie games always seem to have.- You can discard your cards to power up your defences, but the choice to do so and when isn't always an easy one and adds a nice layer of depth to the game.- There are some rounds where you wonder if you somehow insulted the random number generator's mother, which determines what order cards are dealt out.It can sometimes be very difficult to claw a victory, but likewise, the RNG gods can smile upon you, and as you gain more experience and upgrades you're better able to deal with the odd curveball it throws your way, but it's all part of the fun and challenge.All-in-all, Missile Cards is a great game that's well worth your time and money.Developers like Nathan deserve a big pat on the back and our support to continue making good games like this - so go ahead and buy it, it's a steal for the amount of entertainment on offer here."
,Recommended,586390,31472352,Posted: 30 April,all,SgtCrispy,"I'm not a really big fan of card games, but one has grabbed my attention. Simple and yet challenging gameplay mixed with nice bleeps and bloops and snazzy retro style art. And hey it's 5 dollars, good deal if you ask me."
76561198048591654,Recommended,586390,32735795,Posted: 24 June,all,Mouse Liberation Task Force,"I wouldn't have said I was a fan of the card game genre especially, but decided to take a punt on Missile Cards - and I'm really glad I did!   Very absorbing gameplay with an element of chance (as you'd expect from a card game) but definitely a good amount of strategy involved as well.  This is particularly the case as you build up points and can then choose which upgrades to invest in for your base (makes all the difference in harder levels).I've spent about 3 hours so far and am not even half way through the levels yet (which get increasingly more difficult), so I think it'll be at least 10+ hours of gameplay.  An absolute bargain given the selling price, so it's definitely worth picking up."
76561197970358346,Recommended,586390,31588149,Posted: 6 May,all,BlackjackGT,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=901822534Fun, tactical, surprisingly addictive ""turn-based defense card game"" inspired by the Atari arcade classic Missile Command. Easy to learn, challenging to master.Continued plays earn you upgrade points for your base and unlock special cards.Like any card game, you are sometimes at the mercy of how the 'dealer' shuffled the deck, so to speak. :)Entertaining, pixelicious graphics. Missiles, lasers, cannons, shields, repair drones, orbital death rays,Maybe best compliment I can pay is that there's truly nothing else like it on Steam. Which I mean as a compliment. :) Also, the dev is responsive in the Steam forums."
,Recommended,586390,34530897,Posted: 27 August,all,Trashbang,"Impulse-bought this one on release for heaven knows what reason (I think I saw it on Twitter? Maybe I was just feeling generous) and was... surprisingly enamoured?Most card games bore me, but this one's intuitive to pick up and remarkably nail-biting at times. Lots of risk-taking and balancing of various needs you can take beyond the bare minimum survival necessities. The strategic element is all very moment-to-moment, but it should give your brain a nice massage during your next lunch break."
,Recommended,586390,31024258,Posted: 8 April,all,ＳＡＦＡＲＩ難民,"I am in love with this game.  It's a solitaire-ish card game, but with neat mechanics, gorgeous presentation (if you're into the  8-bit style), and unlockables to keep that carrot in front of you.  Not that you'll need a carrot.  No, this has more than enough gaming nutrition to go around.If the idea of a card-based, turn-based missile command sounds just weird enough to you to be intriguing, it's WELL worth the $5 they're asking."
,Recommended,586390,30998854,Posted: 7 April,all,Guy,"This game is dope. It's like Missile Command but you have to THINK AHEAD which is something I'm not really that good at. Don't be discouraged by the slightly complicated rules if you go through the tutorial -- it all makes sense once you start zappin' some comets. I wish I hadn't discovered this game on my ""paperwork day"" because not a whole lot of paperwork is getting done right now.Bottom line: I paid more for a beer last night and only got to enjoy it for about 5 minutes. This game pays for itself after 1 round. Try it!"
,Recommended,586390,31089683,Posted: 11 April,all,Ev0ker,A really great strategic virtual card game with fun mechanics.  A real challenge to beat the scenarios with really enjoyable graphics and game feel.  The unlockables are really great also.
76561198026158362,Recommended,586390,31185956,Posted: 16 April,all,gmargari,"This is the first time I write a review, and I only do this because I loved this game and more people should play it!I was expecting this game since I had played the demo. And all the waiting really paid back.It is one of this games with really simple but deep gameplay and mechanics: you learn quickly how to play, but as you progress it requires strategy and a lot of thinking for your next move.Add to this the lovely pixel graphics and retro music, many upgrades, bonus missions, and you have a really awesome game to spent hours on.You should definitely buy this Missile Cards!"
,Recommended,586390,31060072,Posted: 10 April,all,ThePimpOfSound,"Card games usually aren't my bag, but something about the retro aesthetic and Missile Command undertones triggered an urge to buy. The genre can so easily feel unfair--as if all the skill in the world won't compensate for a lack of luck--but that's not the case with Missile Cards. Unavoidable losses are rare, yet so are the instances in which you can get by without thinking ahead. Meanwhile, the game steadily lays on new concepts to consider, and keeps the dopamine flowing through unlockable cards and skills. The low-fi kathunks and kablams have an odd way of making matches more satisfying, too.Now for some criticism: For me, the difficulty sweet spot occurred around the outset of stage 2. At first, the challenges seemed insurmountable, but I quickly learned and applied enough upgrades to score a victory. Since then, I've earned a lot more upgrades, and they've had the effect of skewing new challenges toward the easier side. I wonder if gating certain unlockables based on level progression--for instance, no 3-damage base laser until you've reached stage 4--might help maintain a balance.But don't let that criticsm discourage you. This is an elegantly-designed card game that's satisfying to play, and it runs great on lightweight laptops (like my Surface Pro 3) so you can take it with you."
76561197999358586,Recommended,586390,31296746,Posted: 22 April,all,KINGS GUARD GAMES,"Really like it! this is pure gameplay, well thought out, well done developer! one of my new favorites! :-)"
76561198055982472,Recommended,586390,31021685,Posted: 8 April,all,ychabodkrane,"Only played 2 games so far but already seen the promise behind that little indie game ( gem :)  )Like the graphics and retro sound effects, gameplay itself is a nice mix between solitaire ( a little less ) and and some rpg card games ( more like arcomage or magic ). The overall experience is quite good hope that there will be a lot more content to see further in the game but till now it really is a thumbs up.Ill update my short review if i experience more good or bad sides.Ger: Ganz gutes Kartenspiel , welches ein paar elemente aus verschiedenen Kartenspielen mixt. Nichts zu kompliziertes aber trotzdem dass man ab und zu ein wenig ins strategische Grübeln kommen kann.Nicht mehr und nicht weniger, aktualisiere aber mein Review wenn ich mit weiterer Spielzeit mehr gesehen habe"
,Recommended,586390,31029608,Posted: 8 April,all,MitchyD.InfernoSquad,"Clever, simple, and smart little strategy game that will bully you into playing repeatedly."
,Recommended,586390,31381353,Posted: 26 April,all,ZeroByte,Neat little game with surprising depth.
,Recommended,586390,33417110,Posted: 9 July,all,ZeroZeroOne,Addicting and definitely a game I can relax to.
,Recommended,586390,32766769,Posted: 25 June,all,TeeMan,A great little game to play in a second monitor while watching Twitch streams
,Recommended,586390,32666138,Posted: 22 June,all,EgoAnt,I was surprised at how tense this game can get - and how good it can feel when just the right card pops up and saves the day. I picked it up on a whim after seeing it on Twitter and I'm glad I did. =)
,Recommended,586390,35141771,Posted: 22 September,all,Gadrial,"Fantastic missile defense meets solitaire. Graphical style and music gel well with the general theme of the game. Tense, difficult, nailbiting solitaire fun."
