user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,586750,31211945,Posted: 17 April,all,Sol Invictus,"Sonny is my all time favorite flash game. Everything from the gameplay, music, voice lines, the the story. I've played Sonny 1 and 2 more times then I can remember.So it's honestly kind of disappointing to go into this game and see that some of it has been removed. The voice lines are only partially there, an occasional word or two.The animations are gone as well, before your characters would make movements and had real animations. And when you equipped items to them, it would actually show on the character.I've done the tutorial and gotten into the first zone where you meet Veradux, I can see the dev wanted to do something different with the game. But clearly in this case, different wasn't better."
76561198064355512,Not Recommended,586750,33239736,Posted: 4 July,all,Joeyjoejoejoejoe,"Joey's review for Sonny (Steam)It's like that free to play flash game you played nearly 10 years ago.But it lacks proper animations that the free flash game had.But it lacks the skill variety and synergy of the free flash game.But it lacks visuals on equipped items which the free flash game had.But it isn't fully voice acted like the original free flash gameBut it lacks partner aggression control like the free flash game had.Honestly play the below games.http://armorgames.com/play/505/sonnyhttp://armorgames.com/play/2900/sonny-2And if you really, really want to play more then this counts as more but it'll be like that food left after the rest which is only half as hot and gone a bit dry."
,Not Recommended,586750,31214547,Posted: 18 April,all,Klokinator,"Well, I hate to say it, but the negative reviewers are right... and then some. All the issues they mentioned exist, plus a few more.I am not some big fan of the Sonny series. Hadn't even heard of it before I bought this, but I saw all the negative reviews praising the original flash game and thought to myself ""Maybe it's good, huh?""I played it, thought it was pretty neat, but still, I decided to buy this game... just in case. I mean really, pff, so what if your characters don't make a flashy animation when they attack, and so what if you don't see their clothes change?In actuality, that was the minor stuff. Here's the bigger stuff I noticed between my two hours of Sonny 1 and the 20 minutes with this game.1. Sonny 1 allows you to choose a class at the start of the game. You get four choices. In this game, you get none.Edit: You may choose 'one' strain later on in the game. The problem is that you have to play through quite a chunk of the game first, reducing replayability and increasing the 'starting grind' as I like to call it.2. The UI for this game, which I REALLY thought would be a big selling point... is actually worse! In battle, all you get for your attacks are icons. You'd better have a good goddamn memory because you can't right click them or find out what they do before you click attack. I kept mixing up the 'stun' attack with the 'speed dash' attack.EDIT: You can click and hold to view descriptions. Dunno who thought that was a good idea when hover-descriptions are obviously superior, but it's a thing. Still bad design even if they are included.3. Speaking of skills in battle, wow you have so much fewer! Sonny 1, from the few hours I played, had 4 massive skill trees, and every skill felt cool. This game has maybe... 16 skills? I didn't count them, but they felt more limited. Maybe they'll open up later on, but they feel worse for now.EDIT: The skill tree does open up later on and you can choose other classes. The game did a poor job explaining that for long-time fans though, but I can still subtract it as a negative point. The other stuff still stands.4. Sonny 1 was 'snappy'. You clicked the items screen, you were there a moment later. This game fades every screen change in and out. With all the changing of screens you'll be doing, it gets rather annoying.5. Inventory and equipment management feels way more limited. You had 7 pieces of armor to equip in Sonny 1, plus an 8th if you dual wielded. Here, you have 4. That's it.6. As others have said, your attacks have no flashy animations and your armor doesn't change when you equip new stuff. Fairly minor in my opinion, but it's a thing.7. I thought Sonny 1's voice acting, from the bit I played, was cringey and bad. Somehow this game is worse, because instead of fully VA'd lines, you get Fire Emblem Awakening/Fates style 'grunts' where characters just say the first word in their dialogue. CRINGE.There's actually a lot more, but the biggest thing for me is the complete dumbing down of strategic depth, the infinitely worse UI, and the major steps back in voice acting and character customization.I'm not saying Sonny 1 was an amazing game. I thought it was kinda grindy but definitely strategic and fun overall... this game is anything but. The problems in this game will not be fixed with any minor or major patches, it literally needs a total overhaul.4/10."
,Not Recommended,586750,31213234,Posted: 17 April,all,Birdman,Armor and weapons don't show up on characters?! No character animations. Visually speaking I think we may have taken a step back :( Visuals aside I think the game is fun however I don't think what I paid was worth it just yet.
76561197999933546,Not Recommended,586750,31270960,Posted: 21 April,all,Notrinium,"From the fully voice acted, properly animated, tactical games of the beloved flash series Sonny and Sonny 2 on Armorgames, to this poor excuse of a game.I'd like to take this opportunity to list the things that are avaible at the free flash games, but not at this product-A dark, grim atmosphere that makes even the easiest of fights intense (we have instead an arcade ish game)-A clean, minimalist UI (We have here instead gigantic mobile-game pop up windows)-A large skill tree, of which there are always multiple paths to progress (A mandatory ability that unlocks the rest of the tree, really?)-Armor and weapons that you can SEE. (At first, I thought my game was bugged. Nope, you cannot see your items in this game)-Animations that are, while simple, enjoyable (Instead we have two cardboard figures colliding with each other with various colored trails)-Full voice acting, including in combat yells/barks (FEW words in SOME sentences).And more... Trust me, more and more and more. I am glad that the refund system of steam is solid, and I am sorry to see one of my favorite flash developers, Krin, for making such a sub-par game. I hope things will get better from here."
,Not Recommended,586750,31589440,Posted: 6 May,all,Sorcerous Kitty,"Sonny is a mixed bag for me, I was a fan of the original two flash games... And this feels like a bit of a step down.It feels like they ripped out some of the features of the flash game in order to have ""better"" graphics. You can't customize where your attacks are on the menu anymore, you can't level your stats directly anymore, you don't even change how you look when you equip new armors anymore. As much as I hate to say this (I WANTED SO BADLY TO LOVE THIS) But from the lack of features and the sudden grind walls you hit, I'd recommend sticking with the flash games instead of paying for this."
,Not Recommended,586750,31220573,Posted: 18 April,all,Grim Tactician [Kosho],"Classes are less fun, equipment  is boring, animations lacking, can't increase stats on leveling and combat takes longer. The art style is upgraded but that's about the only thing better than the flash versions."
76561198079690702,Not Recommended,586750,31471371,Posted: 30 April,all,Xygen the Russian Bear,"I wanted to like this Game, i really did. I loved the first two sonny games. This game threw all of those mechanics out the window, the game feels like it was designed for touchscreens. The different types of damage mean nothing, and as you progress further and further into the game, the enemies become more infuriating to deal with, with one hit kills, excessive health pools, what feels like unlimited heals, and reflected damage that makes it impossible to attempt to be high damage.The new evolution mechanic and different skill trees is interesting, but not fleshed out and they all feel quite similar to each other, with none of them really being viable in the end anyways against the enemies you face with you either not having anough damage and the enemies being better suited to a game of attrition, or you don't have enough defence and you get killed by the enemies without being able to do anything to stop it.The only redeemable things about this game are the art style and the music, both of which i did enjoy.Over all this game is a massive step down from the previous two in the series, and i'm dissappointed that this game was designed for handheld devices first."
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,586750,35057642,Posted: 18 September,all,Nathaniel Prime,"There was a free flash game that came out years ago, called Sonny. It had a better sequel, and then faded into history... until now! This is a turn-based RPG, where you play as a zombie named Sonny and some of his allies. There is a strong emphasis on strategy, and trying to just grind through will not get you very far very fast. It has a customizable skill tree, which is always nice.However...The devs took a free flash game from something like ten years ago, removed a bunch of stuff from it, and are now selling it on steam. Most egregiously there are no longer any character animations! The characters pictures just sort of move forward when they attack and backward when they're done. Even the very first Final Fantasy did better than this... come on, guys, what are you trying to pull here?There is also much less voice acting. This seems like an even weirder thing to remove, because decent voice acting is even easier than decent animations. I don't want to acuse the devs of a cash grab, because they put at least a little work into this, but an updated remake ten years after the original should be better, not worse."
76561198009208759,Not Recommended,586750,31239678,Posted: 19 April,all,simon baxa,"I'm happy to support Krin, but this feels unfinished.  Here's some observations, plus a couple game killers:Early on in one of my save-games, the inventory bugged out.  I couldn't change anything.  Only 2 slots were even visible, and I couldn't select them.[UPDATE and moved higher]: second time this has happened. save slot one. reload doesn't fix it.  Equipment slots were full at this point, but this is all I could see:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=909519455Combat feels slow, which is weird because there are very few animations except for the shacky-cam.  So much time is spent waiting for the camera to move.No simple tooltips.  You have to hold down the mouse button to open up a window that has the info you want.Rearranging your skills is a chore.  No drag-n-drop.  You have to clear out skills and fill them in clockwise.This next part sucks:You start with one skill tree, and you don't get an elemental tree until you clear 2 whole zones.  There is no room for experimenting.  You have to redo the first 2 zones each time you want to do a different spec, and with only 3 save slots, you can't try them all without deleting a game in progress.  This KILLS replayability.  On top of that, the starter tree has very little synergy with the advanced trees.  At least, for the couple trees I've had the chance to try.It feels like just a mobile port, I'm going to keep playing.  It just takes a while to get fun.  I still want to see what else this game has to offer."
,Not Recommended,586750,31223476,Posted: 18 April,all,K-Buff,"First I will review this from a game perspective, then from the perspective of a fan of the original.My main problem is balancing. The game is too easy. I blazed through the first 2 areas without trouble at all. Then i arrive at the second boss and was killed instantly by a critical his + beserk combo. Now there is a 'defend' ability that would likely stop that from happening but this is still an issue. But you have to spend skill points to learn this ability, to learn 'defend'! In what RPG do i have to spend a level to get 'defend'! Secondly, never ever should someone be instant killed by a move like that, especcially since i had been hit when he was in beserk a good 5 times before so i thought i had nothing to worry about. Either give me 'defend' from the start or dont allow an enemy to instantly kill me. Then there is the abilities that i use to heal myself, they are plainly to powerful. By level 4 I was already this constantly regening monster that had a healing ability, a healing attack, and all attacks healed a quarter of their damage. I was contantly at full health, and if i wasn't I would get a critical hit and then get full health.Another issue is AI and companions. Firstly, AI is bad. Verdaux was healing me when i was at near full health and ignoring me when i bacame critical health. This is inconcistant and forces me to rely on myself. I also don't like that i can't controll them but i'll chalk that up to something personal and doesn't make the game 'worse'. What does make it worse is that i can't even check what my companions abilities are. I know Verdaux is a healer and he can do a basic attack, but anything else? Will he learn more as he levels up? Or is his skill set completley stagnant, which would be stupid. I don't know.The final issue is the wave system. This might be my personal preference but i prefer a small number of challenging and interesting enemies than waves of the same few enemies over and over again. This makes the actual progression feel like grinding.Now to review it as a Sonny fan.The art, while its not the same i don't find it particualry bad. I like some of it very much, while other parts not so much.No animation, The change in art style probably makes this very hard to do now but i think that they were kind of needed. They gave a sense of activity in a turn based game, and get rid of the monotony that comes with these turn based games. Without animation the game feels plain.No visual gear. This isn't necessary but it was awesome. I not only felt my Sonny characters getting stronger in combat but they also grew visually. I watched Sonny go from a rags wearing pipe wielding pleb to a power armorerd samurai badass. This was a definite step back.In its current state i would say don't get it, you could go play Sonny 1 and 2 or some other great flash games/ turn based RPGs."
,Recommended,586750,33757673,Posted: 23 July,all,Lordissmo,"When I read some of the reviews for a game I've quite literaly waited 7 years for, I was disheartened but nevertheless determined to play it regardless of how bad it could be. Whilst this game certainly doesn't measure up to its predecessors, it in itself is still a good game. It's definitely worth a try, at least on a sale.The plot itself is shody at least when compared to the original 2, but with good artworkThey still have voice acting but it seems lazy and rushed since the characters will often only say a word or grunt of their line(or nothing at all). The characters also no longer swing or arc their weapons when attacking as they used too or even show the armor they have equiped. Stuff that seems trival but really make up the game. The game also heavily favors speed and turn stall tactics (cough cough go for lightning/frost skill tree for an easy time). A legend run (no training battles) no longer unlocks a secret zone or even an achievement. I personally liked the characters from the previous ones more but that might just be nostaglia talking(Veradux should be a zomb dammit :L)The game mechanics are similar but different, focus works differently and indicates when your turn will be rather than a mp bar for skills. There are more skill trees and you get to choose 2 but passives must be equiped on your skill rotation. Annnnd you can't set your characters on aggresive/peaceful modes.The artwork is still very good however.If you haven't played the previous 2 games and have no idea what I'm talking about, check them out they're free:http://armorgames.com/play/505/sonny?via-search=1http://armorgames.com/play/2900/sonny-2"
,Not Recommended,586750,31246365,Posted: 19 April,all,Gimmeh Jibbs!,"Cannot recommend. It does not live up to either of its predecessors really anywhere. Aesthetics are too bright and detailed, there is neither animation nor, oddly enough, full voice acting. The design is more of a Marvel reboot style, wich is acceptable. The UI is not informative and often not intuitive, and gameplay and combat are really not fun to execute. In general it doesn't feel like a full Sonny game, and you'd be better served playing the free Flash games.The most damning issue is combat. It is neither solid nor intuitive, and quickly escalates past a manageable point without aggressive re-spec'ing of your skill trees and equipment.For starters, turn order is a combination of speed and ""focus"". The notion of ""turns"" goes out the window in a heartbeat. Attacks use up focus, which counts for your ""turn"", then your focus regenerates while other allies or enemies take their turns. Problems arise out of the fact that you're never really told how much focus you regain per action, and if you don't regain enough focus you don't take a turn. It's not very well explained. In addition, some enemies have attacks which immediately give them full focus for another attack, and when chained can wipe your party outright without a chance to counter.Comparing this to the flash versions, where turn order was determined by speed, and focus acted like mana to power skills, the flash interpretation is preferable.Enemies quickly develop abilities and skills that outstrip your own skill development and ability to counter them. Combinations of these enemies become frustrating to deal with in very short order. Enemies can have abilities which make them stronger the more damage they take, can completely disable melee characters, some can even chain stun. The list gets worse and worse, and while the enemy composition is not random per battle, there is usually more than one enemy type.For instance, there are ""time bomb"" enemies that will wipe at least one of your party members after a set number of turns. (The game never tells you how many.) These require prioritization, but are often paired with other time bombs or enemies that can heal the time bombs, get stronger each turn, et cetera. Some time bombs also have abilities that can target your entire party. If they can't be destroyed in time, goodbye ally. Often the time taken to destroy the time bombs lets the other enemies get more powerful or melt your team's health to the point where it becomes prohibitive to fight back against them.Add into this scenario the wave mechanic, where a new field of enemies appears after the first or second field has been defeated. This means you can fight even more time bombs, or another combination of enemies with crazy skills, but this time your abilities are on cooldown and your health isn't full.The bosses or named enemies quickly become virtually impossible to handle. The point where I gave up was Inquisitor Leon, who has an ability to get two attacks off before anyone else's turn, and can sacrifice one of his minions to gain 300% stat boosts. This buff makes him almost completely unhittable, and allows him to pull off multiple fatal or near-fatal shots before you or your team can do anything. Instead of long wars of attrition, major fights devlove into desperate frenzies to kill specific targets before the enemies wipe your party in two turns, while simultaneously praying your AI is smart or lucky enough to not die in the meantime.Speaking of AI, you don't have the ability to adjust your allies' behavior like you could in Sonny 2. You are completely reliant upon their whims as to whether they heal or attack. Your team Medic and first ally, Veradux, is also seemingly less effective at his listed job of healing than in previous installments.You also cannot train any of your stats like you could in the flash Sonnys. The only way to adjust your stats is through the use of armor and weapons. If you want high speed, your only recourse is to use speed-boosting armor, which may or may not have any other benefits. You cannot compensate for deficiencies in your stats on your own.Your skills have the chance to ""evolve"" over time, granting them battle-specific new effects. This is of very questionable utility, as some battles don't last long enough to even gain evolution, and the effects granted are most often not the same each time. This mechanic cannot be relied on in most fights, and only serves as a curiosity.Another issue, the UI is generally awful, especially in combat. Status effects are not shown on enemies apart from visual cues, the target in question has to be selected to find out what buffs or debuffs are active. You have to further select those debuffs to see turns remaining. Selecting a target zooms in on said target, and applies a whole-screen shaky-cam. Not only is this effect visually jarring and rather pointless, it can throw off your mouse pointing. The camera also zooms in on fighters to show attacks or effect changes. It's a rather poor altenrative to showing the entire battlefiled.The Marvel reboot aesthetics and story are forgivable. The lack of full voice acting, armor customization and animated fighting, while very questionable, don't kill the game. What does sink it is the combat difficulty, lack of polish, and general failure to meet the standards of the already existing Sonny games, which are free."
76561198091262552,Not Recommended,586750,31270787,Posted: 21 April,all,BATYA,"I really wanted to like this game I really do, but the current state it is in makes me want to tick off the mark off the wishlist considering that I have finished playing sonny 1 and 2 in armor games since 13 y.o . I don't want to sound like an old man reminiscing the good ol'days of the war and stuff like that, but the truth is, the flash version of the game is more immersive and enjoyable than what they have released on steam and iOS. Like all before me that have tried the game and give a bad review, the main problem with it is the UI, animation and gameplay. You couldn't see what you are equipping and it really puts me off, because it is an RPG, and kinda reduce the value if you get cool equipment but cannot see it on your character during battles. Animation it seems also receives less attention, as your melee attack pretty much do the same animation, while on the flash version you can see different sound effects and physics with each group of attacks. Regarding the gameplay, you get some new skills in this version and is quite unique in their own way, and the evolution system is interesting enough, though at times a little bit annoying. The problem though lies with the ability system. In the flash version you got 8 ability tabs and when you unlocks a passive you dont need to equip it to the tab in order for it to activate, while in this version, you DO need to equip passives in tabs in order to make them ""actives"", while you still get the same number of tabs as the previous one, which when you progress to face higher level enemies, combat easily became frustrating. How so? Well higher level enemies will deal more CC's, get more turns(increase in speed) and more DoT, so its hard to experiment with classes when you have limited option regarding abilities, and it will feel at times that enemies are getting stronger, while you are not. I have managed to finish the game through sheer luck(The warlock at the last stage didn't one shot kara that time). The upside of the game though, it has more in depth story I suppose, and more detailed regarding the environment, skills, and etc. Though  I would like to suggest one more thing. Please bring back the class system such as biological, hydraulic, assassin, guardian, or assimilate those classes into something new, but please let us choose classes. If there is no class to choose from, people would less likely to repeat the game after they had beaten it once, because the class system is what makes the game repeatable. I know you have said that it will be hard to implement these changes, but please for the sake of your fans, just do it. I would gladly pay more than its current price if you would apply these elements to the game.EDIT: It seems the skill tree opens up later in game, though class options is murky because the game's poor explanation. In my opinion its not an upside, rather another downside to the game. Why? Well considering that you can't turn off autosaves and make new saves in the middle of the game manually, this really explains the term ""do or die"" perfectly. Meaning if you chose a class that you are not comfortable with, or you thought it was bad, you really have to pull through until you finishes your game. In order to make a new character with a new class, you have to start over from scratch doing about 10-20 battles(training not included) again to choose a new one. I don't know about you, but to me its really tiring doing that just so you could have a class that fits your gameplay."
,Recommended,586750,32243037,Posted: 7 June,all,GTagShuffle,"As a fan of the series since the original release of Sonny and Sonny 2, I think this game is incredibly entertaining and challenging. The game contains an incredible amount of details that are implemented in combat elements, artwork and includes an updated soundtrack. Even the character development of the main protagonist ""Sonny"", compared to the original games (for those who know), good flow of character development and plot twist.My main complaints lie with the lack of moving limbs when in combat (or just in general) and equipment appearance customization. In the original games, all the characters body behavior acted as if they were fighting when performing melee attacks, spell casts. Instead there are now sliding, shaking pieces of character artwork just being present; standing around. That and character appearances used to be affected when changing equipment. Such as defeating ZPCI troops and wearing their outfits when using their equipment, etc.This game is a ton of fun to play and has plenty of room for improvement and growth. Keep up the good work and hope this review can get put to good use and attract more people to play and enjoy Sonny!"
,Not Recommended,586750,32805344,Posted: 26 June,all,svartner,"I love the classic Sonny flash game, but this one had a two enormous problems1) You can't see the character equipments, just the same static image2) AI is stupid, your allies break you all the f**ing timeFor be honest, I don't recommend"
76561198103163092,Recommended,586750,34140318,Posted: 9 August,all,i.lbot67,"Im only ""Recommending"" the game to support a better made Sonny game <3Joeyjoejoejoejoe's review is spot on."
76561198048354376,Not Recommended,586750,31226771,Posted: 18 April,all,Kyle,"This game is just a remake of a flash game on Armor Games.  Honestly speaking, the online versions were far better, and they are free.  This version, the artwork makes it feel like a basic Japanese RPG.  Not only that, but unlike the online version, you cannot observe aesthetic changes to the characters when you equip certain weapons/armor, which is really lame.  I think the developer strayed too far from his original design to try to gain followers from the Anime side of gaming, which is something that I cannot get behind.  I don't recommend this game, just go ontowww.armorgames.comand search for Sonny and Sonny 2.  Much better games with a more original feel."
76561198146864279,Not Recommended,586750,31553383,Posted: 4 May,all,derekdwhite25,"Honestyl, I'm incredibly disappointed in this new addition to the Sonny series. The original Flash-based Sonny and its sequel were both incredibly rich strategy games where every fight felt like a boss fight, each one felt different and had different mechanics, and the trick was always to find the best way to counter what the enemy was throwing at you. The game was filled with respecs as you try out new strategic builds, learn the boss' patterns, find the right time to throw out your conters, etc.This one just doesn't have that depth. The character choices are far more limited and don't feel particularly different from one ""class"" to the next. There's zero control over whether your allies play offensively or defensively, if they focus on attacks or heals, etc. You fight much of the same mobs over and over on each stage. All in all, the game just feels like it's lacking content. Add to that the extra-long narrative, and the game just drags.Other problems with this version: the voice acting is only partial. The previous games were fully voice acted; this one you're mostly reading the dialogue while the character makes vaguely contextual audible grunts. The art stills are more impressive, but none of the characters are animated. You gain equipment, yet you never get to see what your character looks like in the new equipment, because it's the same art still throughout the whole game.This is to date the only Sonny game I haven't absolutely loved, and I honestly barely enjoyed this one at all. I often found myself just getting tired of it and setting it aside for a day or two, and normally I binge my way through games. Go play the originals - for free. Don't spend your money on this disappointment."
76561198412110452,Not Recommended,586750,35363317,Posted: 30 September,all,codyrhythmsnyder,"Having played the first two original flash games, I really wanted to like this reboot. And I did enjoy it very much. Most of the complaints about this game seem to involve the AI and design changes, but I was impressed by both. Allies follow-up on the main character's tactics logically with their skills, and they're dependable healers when their skills are on cooldown.Voice acting is partial but still great when it's there (I'm gonna knock you silly!) and animations/weapon and armor skins no longer exist. The palate swaps for Sonny's classes are cool though, and I think the improved art style is a worthy trade-off.HOWEVER, there are some dissapointments even if you welcome those changes.There are technical issues, about as many as you might expect from a flash game, though the devs seem to be active trying to address them. I overwrite the same save slot with a new game and I think that caused it's corruption, so I had to start over. Sometimes exiting a screen makes it permanently dim out, justifying a force quit.I had fun until the end. Which is pretty much the story of the first two games combined, then it seems like he ran out of ideas so he just slapped on some villain that was a thinly veiled Trump parody. It's subtle at first, he seemed like a Lex Luthor type villain in design but it is revealed at the end he's a ""big bully"" like Trump. Then it's no longer subtle, and it seems like the creator is whining through the game. And it really sucks to have a bunch of political garbage shoehorned in and trying to be passed off as a climax. There's also nothing to do after beating the game except for playing it again, as far as I know.I hope this isn't the last game this person makes though."
76561198107886190,Not Recommended,586750,31224907,Posted: 18 April,all,Bodhi,"Its cool and all but i do miss the old voices from the old games, and the full speach, not only the first word or sentance of the text... the voice and the full speach gave the game more life, and sense of adventure to the game, after that, makeing the game like this is a very sloppy work... the music is nice, still miss the old ones from Sonny1-2 but its nice.Also, at the character costumisation, you could see the equpment on the characters, here i equp an armore and head gear and the character still looks like it does not have anything on it..If a flash game could make the story so intriguing whit all the full speeches what was integrated where you could feel the tension, you could live the story, see your equpment as you progressed, not to mention that the voice actors of the flash series where perfectly fit to the characters. Oh.. and the flash games where free, and they are still free to this day.. you cant expect money for this game if you cannot deliver a content at least the same quality as an old flash game.. graphic its new, cool awsome, i love the comic book styled intro too, its very well made, character design's too, but its not enough... please work more on this game and correct thees cause it has more potencial, now it looks like a shiny silver nugget but if you work on it, it can be a diamond. Also I think you should stick to the original story, script and all of that, its just wierd to play it and see the same events whit diffrent dialogue and not as expresive as the older series. I personally dont recomandit till the above cheanges arent made in this game. I know its hard work, and a lot of time, but remakeing a classic whit such a poor detail... its just wrong. I wont refund my buy simply cause of the good faith i have in the developers, but for the moment it just doesent worth the money."
76561198261693562,Recommended,586750,31318758,Posted: 23 April,all,Hack_n_Slash,"After fourteen hours and one run through down. I sit here trying to type out a quick review on my thoughts on the game. So to pirate one of my favorite game reviewers, here is my take onSonny (2017).GraphicsSo graphics are up first. I have to admit I did really enjoy the new artwork. The basic sprite designs, the new backgrounds, the comic still cinematic, are all very good quality. They are worthy of being in a graphic novel.But then we run into the next bit that probably is one of the main turn offs for returning fans of the series. There areNOattack animations to speak off. Well, there are, but minimal at best.During battle, the character sprites sit in their default poses the whole game. If melee attacks are used, the sprites move towards the target. But it’s like watching a cut-out jump from its position to ram into the enemy cut-out. Not unlike how a child would simulate action heroes in hand-to-hand combat.If ranged move is used, the projectile will go flying and hit the target. The sprites don’t flinch, there are no stationary animations. This is kind of a step back from the flash games, sadly.Another source of ire is a little superficial. And it’s the fact that there are no visual representations of equipped items on your character. This is not much a problem for me, but after looking over the previous Sonny games, this is also brings the thought of “one step forward, two steps back”.Sound, Music, and VoiceFor game sounds you can feel the ‘whumps’ and ‘thwacks’ of physical based moves, the ‘crackle’ and spine tingling ‘crinkle’ of energy and frost based abilities do give a good bite when used. It’s not fantastic, but it gets the job done. But seeing that its a PC port, a better sound quality on these effects could’ve added more weight to the game’s quality.Next is music. The music in this iteration is very reminiscent from the older the games and with the leap of technology and recording, the quality does sound better now than it did then. But that’s just my opinion. Unfortunately, the music pieces are few, and eventually you’ll be gauntleting through the same pieces over, and over, and over again by the end of the tutorial level.And that’s only if you play the story/campaign based fights. The moment you hit those training fights, get ready for several rounds of the main interface screen that’s dreary and accompanied by character grunts and attack effects.Last for this section are the voices. Now, the voices are of better quality than previous iterations. That much is certain. However, speaking lines are very few and in between. The longest running voice-over lines we get are at the end of the game. It’s a shame though as the voices do capture the character’s personality, from Sonny’s dry British lilt to Vendara’s Punisher-esque military voice. Heck, even the bosses like Farsight had good voiced lines, the little that there was.GameplayFor those not familiar with Sonny, the game acts like a JRPG. That’s the most basic explanation in a nutshell.Other mechanics include buying/grinding equipment for your characters and spending those ability points from those level-ups to activate new moves for you to use. But do keep in mind, the only character you have any total control over is Sonny. After purchasing his skills you can activate them by putting them in his combat wheel which allows the moves to be usable during fights. The wheel is limited in slots. Unfortunately, passive effects also need to be equipped on the wheel for them to kick-in. This reduces your number of options during a fight if you wish to use some of the passive abilities (like life steal or speed buffs).During fights when Sonny’s turn to activate comes up, all you need to do is tap your target and tap the skill you want to use on said target.This now brings me to the next point of irritation that people may bring up, the UI. The UI for Sonny (2017) is really clunky. Though do keep in mind that this game was intended for mobile devices at the beginning.You want to remember what skill does during battle? Just tap and hold the skill icon. You want to immediately equip your shiny new loot that you just bought? You have to exit the shop then equip the item. There are so many breaks between actions that it disrupts the flow of the gameplay experience. Not to mention that during fights, there’s this constant camera movement which may give those with weaker constitutions a bad case of motion sickness.Though to be fair, it looks like the development team is heeding the criticisms and are trying to work in patches to help streamline the UI.Next, character growth. Now, I’ll be honest, the skill development, management, and investment were a big draw of the Sonny games to me. Each fight felt more like a puzzle where not only did you have to figure out how to fight your opponents, but what moves would be the most effective to use.And I’m happy to say that some of these moments are in the game. The game does force you to choose your move sets and you can re-spec Sonny later on if you hit a wall against a particular fight -looking at you, Baron!- but you still must try to find the means for victory with the stuff you got. There are no take-backs once you’ve chosen your sets, not unless you want to restart your run.As a side note, the new mechanic is a nice touch.The evolving combat techniques do add a nice little touch to the game and does make sense given Sonny’s nature. But a battle can hinge on getting that right evolution at the right time –unless you REALLY plan out your run-, and while this adds a bit of suspense to the fight, it takes a bit of the tactics out of the game.Moving on, you also have party members that become available as your progress through the story, each one with their own particular move set.  This adds a little variety, but your choice who you want to bring along is largely determined by how you spec Sonny out.This now brings me to the guys you fight. They are a little varied but eventually, through repetition, you will figure out their attack patterns and plan accordingly. But I’ve noticed that there may be an issue in difficulty escalation. The game only has one setting for difficulty.In the beginning, you’re tearing through monsters, left, right, and center. By mid to late game, the fights become so intense that the difficulty curve might as well be a straight line up. Eventually, with deep pockets (equipment and the cost of redistributing ability points) and LOTS of point redistribution, I managed to eke out victories but it took a while plus a couple hours of grinding to do so.FINAL VERDICTIt was nice to see the Sonny game out and about again. It brought back memories from my childhood. And for the time I’ve sunk in so far, I’ve enjoyed it thus far. But I wouldn’t recommend this game to just anyone.The player has to willingly look beyond the faults and the gripe to see the jewel. The seeds for a good series are there and past work models can be implemented in a sequel, and test beds for UI development can be done in patches to the current game.If you want to support the makers and try to give them a reason to continue this series, I would suggest you buy the game and try the challenges provided. But if the listed faults above –and in other’s testimonies- turn you away, then there’s nothing else I can do to convince you.The creators mentioned that this would be a different iteration of the Sonny series. And this is what we got. Now, we can lament about how much better the previous versions are. But that doesn’t change the fact the developers are trying something new with this I.P. And who knows where this may go. We can only hope that the next step is a better and more polished game.Peace out!"
,Not Recommended,586750,31369223,Posted: 25 April,all,Minatowolf,"I honestly tried to enjoy it, but I just couldn't. Perhaps, if you've never played Sonny 1 and 2 on steam, maybe, just maybe, you might be able to bare this game. Playing it with having played those 2 before, this game fails all aspects of being a game or even doing the Sonny name any good. It's equivalent to the Shannara or Legend of Seeker TV series in a sense, without knowledge of the books it's bearable, and those two series are actually enjoyable, but once you read the books, they are utter abominations. Either way, the game is in no way worth $8, and has similar effort as a game on armor games, except there are better free flash games on there. 1/10, don't play this unless incredibly bored and it's on sale. No animations, little customization, generic plot. Bleh."
,Recommended,586750,31308301,Posted: 22 April,all,レタス,"Don't trust the other reviews with <1 hr gameplay.They barely gave any time to try and see what the reboot is all about, and then just hate on it for minor details.Although the game could be polished here and there, it is quite a great upgrade to the 2007 flash version. I love how the difficulty of the starting areas have been reduced, IMO Sonny 1 and 2 were way too difficult, from the way the enemy AI works to the grinding to get money. This Game is wonderful, and I agree that there are some things they need to work on, like the UI, but other than that, you should totally buy this game."
76561198034153729,Recommended,586750,32526748,Posted: 17 June,all,Prismwind,"Sonny is actually a pretty good game. The difficulty is quite high in the end game, requiring a lot of careful planning out of skills to take into battle and balancing of equipment stats, and strategies change depending on class choices. The developers did a very good job of balancing and making the game difficult but fun in my opinion, with many early reviews citing problems the developers later fixed in balance patches, showing that they did listen to the constructive criticism.I also enjoyed the storyline... both humorous and actually overall believable. I hope they make a sequel, or at least more end game content after the final boss. Due to having a variety of classes to chose from however, two choises per game, it does have some replay value."
,Recommended,586750,31227632,Posted: 18 April,all,+Otaku Dash+,"Let me start off that I normally am not one to write reviews, as I feel I'm very very poor at doing them. That said, I feel that the ""hatred""/flak directed at the game right now is sadly not deserved.I too was a fan of the originals and of Krin's works, like Sinjid. Those were games I loved to play years ago while growing up, on the age where animators and game designers trekked and bloomed in fields of their craft in sites such as Newgrounds, Armor Games and Kongregate. They were brilliant back then, and they still are to this day.I'm not gonna beat around the bush and say that yes, sadly, some things that I loved from the original Sonny's were removed, such as the AI tweaking on party members, the animation of the battle sprites to static effect and, of course, the lack of not being able to see the gear you're wearing on your character.Also it is true and no hiding the fact that the overall asthetic of the game, both UI and functionality, are cathered and organized towards a IOS/mobile frontline, which is of course where this game first was released.But tossing the nostalgia bias aside and the small gripes I have from comparing it to the originals, what I've found so far is a very solid game, that while being a remake, offers a complete experience and familiarity towards those games we love and grew up with.The AI so far has proved to be very capable, even without being able to tweak it at will, getting cues by your skills and as the battle goes on if they should provide a more agressive and supportive role. Same can be said towards enemies, that try to support each other and find ways across your weaknesses, trying to pick low HP targets on your party apart.I'm still yet on chapter 2, still early on the game of course, and having that somewhat ""familiar yet different"" kinda feeling from it, makes it that much more enjoyable to see what it brings to the table. The combats are fluid and challenging, and revisiting old characters given new life and meeting new ones is simply a joy.Overall, what I'm saying is that i understand that some people where expecting Sonny 3 out of this, and understandably might be disappointed that this is a fully finished remake with some things stripped from what the originals brought to the table... and that is fine :) But if you're on the fence about getting it, and can take your nostalgia glasses aside for a fun tactical RPG and enjoy the game for what it is, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised to enjoy it."
76561198074909248,Recommended,586750,31250378,Posted: 19 April,all,[ATR] Mr.Poufe,"It's not as good as Sonny or Sonny 2. Having said that, it's still a nice game in it's own right."
,Not Recommended,586750,35453651,Posted: 3 October,all,Lyric,"I desperately wanted to give this a thumbs up and tried so hard to like this game, but to no avail. I love the sonny series and was absolutely ecstatic when I found this remake. I instantly bought it regardless of my friends all begging me not to waste my money on it. I wanted to give one of my favorite game series a chance. Well, I was extremely disappointed and now i've gone past 2 hours and can't refund the game.PROS:- New engaging storyline- New playable characters- New abilities and Sonny forms- Tons of items and customization for RPG loadoutsCONS:- Barely any voice acting. Even the original flashes had more voice acting than this game!- The visuals are horrid. They're immobile cardboard cutouts and it feels like you'd get a better experience from physically moving actual cardboard with your hands and using your imagination.- The ally AI is literally the worst in this series yet. The older versions allowed you to control them if you wanted to and use them better, but now all allies use AI and never do anything you want or need them to do. It's as useless as having a lvl 1 Smash Bros bot on your team while fighting tournament champions.- The Achievements are far too difficult for those who are new to the game. Even a veteran of this series like myself found them a bit harsh to even attempt.- Some enemy effects are absolute garbage. They ruin the gameplay and sap the fun right out of the game entirely. Sure, it might be fun to have them in a higher difficulty setting, but at least give people the option to either enjoy the game or torture themselves.Overall, I'd rate this game a solid 3 / 10   because of how buggy it is, how much it lacks QUALITY content, how cheap the battles are, and how much they definitely didn't put their heart and soul into this game like they did the original ones."
,Recommended,586750,34002248,Posted: 3 August,all,Agent Ferio,"Despite what others have Said, I actually really like some of the changes! While I was dissappointed with some of the things missing from the free versions, I thing that this game brought a new expierence to the old Sonny expiernece I remember, which wasn't nesssairly a bad thing! Also I completely understand that development can take lots of time and money, so I don't mind missing some of the features nearly as much, and I still want to support some of my favorite devs. Over all I thought this game brought a newer expierence to the Sonny expiernece which was interesting and I was engaged quite well by this game, If you like the Sonny series and don't mind new expierneces/want to  support the devs then I highly suggest purchasing this title!  Sincerely, Agent Ferio"
76561198082188889,Not Recommended,586750,31353886,Posted: 25 April,all,Your cup of Liber-tea,"Sonny 2 was way better, don't get me wrong I know this one is not meant to be a total copy of Sonny 2 nor a remake of it but... I mean, look at this... Lazy work. Yeah the graphic is better but the game mechanic is over simplified. Focus is now combined with active time bar, active skill and passive skill is all forcefully cramp in to 8 slot ONLY (What's the point of having multiple skill tree then?), your gear is not showing in battle after equipped, the attack animation is so lame, enemy is hard not because of smart & interesting skill set but crazy OP passive buff or overwhelming state, I'm not very fond of this version of Sonny... How could a 'new' product lose to a 'old' product in almost every aspect? What's the point of developing it anyway?"
76561197986760552,Recommended,586750,31384707,Posted: 26 April,all,Shockwave,"A turn based RPG based almost entirely around the combat. There is no world map to explore or treasure to find like in traditional JRPGs, there are just options to fight the next battle or manage your skills and inventory. The battles move fairly quickly and are hardly ever tedious in the way a lot of RPGs become after you've seen the attacks dozens of times.The game is very much focused on strategy, rather than grinding to become overpowered. The game is fairly difficult in spots, which I found to be a nice change over most turn based RPGs where you usually can power through the whole game without ever dying. Some fights seem downright impossible until you adjust your gear, skills and tactics. There's no penalties for death so trying out different strategies is never punishing.I have not played the flash Sonny games and am judging this game purely on its own merit. Animations and equipment models are nothing but fluff, this game is a very solid strategic turn based RPG that I would recommend over any of the RPGmaker drek that's on Steam.-Playtime-A good 8 hours for the initial play through. Additional play throughs for achievements take less time as you can skip any cut scenes and you know what you're doing at that point.-Achievements-A few one-off achievements that usually have you defeating a boss in some special way that added a bit of challenge. Unless you get it on your first run you will have to repeat the game at least once to get the ""only use the physical skill tree"" achievement. Another achievement requires that you have evolved a skill from each of the 5 elements, requiring you to at least play a 2nd run about half way through."
76561198073864538,Not Recommended,586750,32065876,Posted: 30 May,all,risestorm,"The first few chapter this game felt exciting. But going to higher lvls the fights were pretty much the same. At least for the physical/speed build I used. Apply debuffs, wear enemy down with bleed and stun if enemy buffs himself. The fights had no depth, the KIs of the NPCs were partly stupid. Dispelling Stun on final boss even though your team was at 10% is just 1 example. The only upside this game have is its artstyle and the nostalgic feeling I had when playing the beginning.2/5"
76561198106073705,Recommended,586750,31229287,Posted: 18 April,all,stayrosted,"Definitely reminscent of the Sonny games on Armor Games I use to play when I was a bit younger. I was astonished by the upgrade of the art - so crisp and nice! However, I was a bit disappointed about the lack of customization. I had the impression that I would be able to customize my characters look to my liking, like in the previous games. A other thing I noticed was the fact that after every ""training"" fight, it would send you back to the scene you have already watched that you have to continously press ""skip"" on. Overall, I feel that the game took both a step forward AND backward at the same time. I hope my input as well as every other fan's may be considered in further progressing this beautiful game."
76561198101755486,Not Recommended,586750,31289461,Posted: 21 April,all,connorfranks1,Not better then the 1st two games. You can not even see the items you have equipted.
,Recommended,586750,31271905,Posted: 21 April,all,Oli,"Fun turn-based strategy game, decent story (so far), nice HUD, decent UI and strong contendor for the best Sonny game. Which says alot as Sonny 2 was ♥♥♥♥ing marvelous, not unlike this game.100% worth the money. I'm near the final few zones and have played over 6 hours, at a dollar an hour that is already worth it, but with the multiple different ways to play the game and achievments throughout the game, I can easily see myself clocking in 50+ hours in the next few weeks as I try all the different 'strains' (Build types) and work through the challenges.Overall great relaxing strategy game. 7.5/10."
76561198080951920,Recommended,586750,31290334,Posted: 21 April,all,Saruman the White,"Sonny is a game that might have gotten a mixed bag of reviews. According to some, including the hardcore flash players who have followed Sonny's lead developer Krin since his first foray into flash games, they may be right. This new ""soft reboot"" of Sonny definitely is missing features or details that added a level of charm to the sonny franchise that is rarely seen. However it feels like most of the reviews also stem from miscommunication, and this can be verified by the extremely limited playing time of most reviewers. To kick this review off, here is a summy of what you are getting in this 6-8 dollar game:- A cartoon-style visualization of characters in a turn-based style combat system similar to games like the Final Fantasy series.- 3 different classes for you to level as the game moves on, with in-combat levels gained the longer the fight persists that allow you to temporarily level individual skills to your advantage.- 8 stages with each stage possesing anywhere between 7-12 encounters that function in waves of enemies with different weaknesses and resistances.- A streamlined inventory system that, unfortunately, is similar to most IOS style games but still somewhat in-depth enough from the sacrifices you will have to make to improve one stat over the other. There is no be-all end all armor set in this game, and part of the fun is balancing your stats through equipment. Unfortunately Levels do not give you extra stat points, however. Levels only help increase your skills.- A comic book style telling of a story though limited voice interaction and still cutscenes.However, the most important thing that people have yet to realize, is that this, is not the original Sonny. This game is trying new styles and new concepts, and  that definitely rubbed people the wrong way, since it was under a beloved flash game brand that has tens of millions of playthroughs.Despite this, however, the game still delivers in it's own way. All the items above combine to create a solid gaming experience that, in my opinion, is worth 6 dollars. The different classes (that are unlocked after various stages later in the game) have enough variety and potential combo ability that you can spend an hour or two simply trying to find out the best class combinations. Along with that, the ability to specialize into multiple different classes could create interesting depth.The combat is fairly solid as well, as the turn-based style system requires a fair amount of strategy, especially on the later encounters. The Evolution system further increases the strategic level of combat, however this is still somewhat blunted by the fact that evolutions are somewhat random.While the different characters are somewhat cliche', there is enough personality to create distinction between characters to allow some attachment, and the dialog between characters is OK (with references and even some 4th wall jokes getting thrown in.)The biggest draw is that there are no character animations, no full voice acting, no control over AI teammates frustrating certain encounters, and the evolution system is somewhat blunted by the sheer randomness of what evolutionary traits you can pick. However, the combat is still very solid and reminescent of classic Sonny games, and the elongated and more fleshed out storyline means that there is more to come back for."
,Recommended,586750,31292414,Posted: 22 April,all,Arkanishu,"When I started playing I was a bit disappointed first. The fights were kinda boring and too easy, you only had one ability tree, equipment is not visually visible, attack animations are not very detailed and the UI sucks.However, as you progress through the game the battles become more tricky and difficult, you unlock new ability trees and in zone 6-8 it´s an amazing challenge if you try to go for the Legend Run (beating the game without using training). So even though some things could be better this game really pulled me in! Also the story is amazing and finally comes to and end after it was being left unfinished after Sonny 2.PROS:- Great story, cool characters and amazing dialogues. Especially Veradux and Carbon gave me some good laughs. I wasn´t able to stop playing because I wanted to know how the story ends.- The difficulty curve is balanced perfectly and the fights are exciting, especially the boss fights. If you wanna go for a legend run that´s a great challenge that will take you some time if you wanna figure out everything by yourself!- There are a lot of cool abilities that are unlocked as you progress through the game- That being said, the gameplay is great!- I really like the new art, especially sonny looks really cool and if you pick different strains his look in fight also changes.CONS:- Equipment isn´t visually visible, attack animations could be better.- The first 2-3 chapters are a bit too easy and the fights are kinda boring. Maybe that´s just because I played Sonny 1 and 2 and knew what to do from the start though.- The UI is really bad, you can´t see what buffs/auras/spells do unless you click on the characters or the skills to read them. However, it was already announced this is gonna be fixed soon.- There is no achievement for finishing a legend run. Why?"
76561198025409148,Recommended,586750,31349063,Posted: 24 April,all,rjm5001,"I highly recommend Sonny to anyone who enjoys the technique and strategy that come with turn-based RPGs. Sonny is a challenging, entertaining, and beautifully-crafted game that really plays well on the desktop. It's really addictive once you get the hang of it!"
,Recommended,586750,31349654,Posted: 24 April,all,(RUS) Dick Kickem,"Animations could do Extra Credit, but good remake so far."
76561198081448696,Recommended,586750,31326544,Posted: 23 April,all,Basketball American,"Only taking the time to review this simply because of the amount of negative reviews with less than a hour play time.I accrued many hours of gameplay on sonny 1 and 2, its safe to say this game stays true to its predicessors in terms of gameplay. Visually the game looks good, however its lacking in any visual changes when equipping armor or individual attack animations. That being said it did not in anyway shape or form take away from the gameplay.Opponents are challenging especially in the higher difficutly areas and forced me to rethink my character strategy multiple times, I personally thought the multiple skill trees made the game more interesting.For a game i purchased for $7.00 i cant really ask for more."
76561198093778693,Not Recommended,586750,31426718,Posted: 28 April,all,Dunamis,"Clearly not what you would expect of Sonny.There is no strategic depth in this game, and you can't play the way you want and it feels really unfair. The game is made so that you have to find the perfect combination of skill and equipment to clear a wave, then re-spec and find the combination for the next wave.Wanna build glass canon ? Foes will hard focus you and you won't last a turn. You wanna build tanky ? Foes will hard focus your ally and you won't get to act before he dies. Wanna be a healer ? Allies are too stupid to dps alone. Wanna bet everything on focus management ? Too bad, some foes are made to prevent that.So you only have 2 options : Power farm till you're strong enough to play the way you want, or be a good boy and do as the game want you to do : get a good balance between every stat, have a balanced party, and the right combination of skill to clear the wave. Repeat till you're bored playing."
76561197989032998,Not Recommended,586750,31243851,Posted: 19 April,all,overfiend1978,"I was a big fan of the orignal Sonny 1 and 2 so bought this on the strength of these previous titles .I was alsovery keen about the possiblity of a Sonny 3 which had rumours about it being worked on. This version of Sonny just dissapoints right out of the gate. A poor user interface, lack of animations and no visual change when wearing new equipment. Out of a feeling of nostagia I loaded Sonny 1 and it blows this one away."
76561198257181482,Not Recommended,586750,31282123,Posted: 21 April,all,THE HEROPON,"I'm sorry but I can't recommend a game that is far, far inferior to the original flash games."
76561198041678546,Recommended,586750,31266326,Posted: 20 April,all,Aishidin,"Willing to pay for it ? For 7.99€ you will get:(this review based on 1.4.3 patch)10 hours +/- Adventure - 8 locations with few stages ( depends on your skills )3 squad party system ( same as previous Sonny )Later you will unlock new element skill trees ( 3 max )Same story from previous Sonny seriesAnimations characters will not moveCharacter dialog you can't hear, its broken ( few will poop out some words )Items will not change your appearence, ( unless if you change skill tree build ! )Iems and shop are poor, not big selection as previous Sonny series"
,Not Recommended,586750,31241362,Posted: 19 April,all,DraLUSAD™,"Where do I start, I've always enjoyed the Sonny Series, and hearing about Sonny 3, made me smile.... but where is it?, is it this?I'm a Windows 10 User, and so far, I can't even start the damn game, it kept looping ""Launching Sonny"" over and over, so I checked beta builds and ""Windows -"" was there why??, so I used that, finally got into the Main Menu, judging by the version Number ""0.7.0"" its still in Beta, thus, this game should have been classed as Early Access, people are complaining about the quality of the game, and that its nothing like the Armor Games version, truth be told, I can't even experience that, Can't even start the first level, hitting the ""Start game"" nothing happens"", clicking the ""Video Settings"" puts it into windows, like, why?, and clicking ""Quit Game"", made the game un-install its self and forced me to write this review, unless this is a Windows 10 issue, execution of the game release is very, very dreadful.Going back to saying its currently 0.7.0, must mean the game is still yet in development and stuff is subject to change, but one cannot experience that, if the damn game wont start properly :/1/5: for poor platform optimization and execution"
,Recommended,586750,31551310,Posted: 4 May,all,Tevran,"What is Sonny exactly? Sonny is a turn based RPG based of the original Sonny 1 and 2 that is primarily focused around challenging combat and strategy.You can't just grind an area an expect to win, this game requires strategy.You will definitely need to be switching around things such as allies, equipment, and skills in certain areas in order to progress and make proper use of those when in combat.Compared to the original Sonny games this definitely has its ups and downs.Now of course I need to address the elephants in the room. The lack of combat animations/no displaying armor/weapons and fully voiced dialogue.I understand that this installment of the franchise focused more on the mechanics of the game during the development and that this topic has been gone over on several occasions,but it still impacts the game greatly in my opinion, it feels odd to have ""frozen"" characters that constantly stay in the same pose and to never change. As Well as the lack of fully voiced dialogue just feels off putting to me.Now that that's out of the way I'm going to give a list of pros and cons.Pros:+ The prologue is a nice homage to the previous games and allows for both old and new players of the franchise to enjoy it.+ The strategy involved in gameplay is a nice change of pace compared to other games forcing you to think about your actions and to use your abilities tactically+ The visuals and designs in this compared to the others is a major step up and still manages to capture the personality of the characters.+ Even though animations are not in this one, it did allow for different designs of characters allowing for more uniqueness among them.+ The music in this one is great, The combination of redone old themes and new sounds makes the game more fresh with some nostalgia.+ Although I personally like the old story more, this one is completely new after the prolouge and much bigger, it introduced a lot more characters and zones making the universe seem bigger and more populated.+ Mutations of Sonny and his ability is a good concept that allows for variation in gameplay, keeping things fresh.+ The characters have their own personal goals and thoughts, adding to the immersion of the game.Cons:- The AI can be a little aggravating at times by not picking viable moves also not being able to control allies.- You can tell this game was primarily developed with mobile gaming in mind, The UI feels a bit to odd for PCand I can think of a few good ways to localize it. (Able to slide items and abilities, more of a similar combathub like in Sonny 2 with the debuffs displaying near the health bar, ability highlights, and making it a bit smaller.)- The lack of atmosphere in the hub makes the game feel a bit less immersive.- One of the most annoying things in the game has to be the attack time bar in combat,It'll always get to the point where the enemy will debuff me and get 3-5 hits in before I even get in 1.- The music in the training area is the same as the hub which makes it feel slower in pace.- Not being able to change the difficulty is a bit annoying.- And finally my biggest complaint of all is not enough of ""Ima knock you silly"".Although it's not Sonny 3 overall it's a really fun, enjoyable game that can be played in a multitude of different ways.whether you're a veteran of the Sonny franchise or just looking for a new RPG to play i'd definitely recommend giving this a try."
76561198050704323,Recommended,586750,31286161,Posted: 21 April,all,Alderon,"I get the negative reviews. I do, but I think they are being a little bit petty. Visual armour isn't really a big deal, especially for a fan of classic old RPGs like myself. I enjoyed the game a lot. Is it better or worse than Sonny 2? Well, I think it has potential to be better with lots of work, which I hope Krin is willing to do.Still, it was a fun time. My legend run had me on the edge of my seat by the end of the game and I'm intending to go back and try some of the strains (classes.)"
76561198043988207,Recommended,586750,31241882,Posted: 19 April,all,NeverAsked4This,"It is good at being what it aims to be, I think. It has writing and enemy variety you might find in a cartoony flash game, and it definately has better art than the source material. I don't feel like not having animations detracts from the game, nor does not having swappable costumes. If anything, i'd rather have the default outfits because they look cooler than the randomness mix-and-match stuff you might end up with in the classic Flash. I mean, Veradux without his armor was never as cool to me. The animations are replaced with sprite movements and stuff, so it isn't like there is NOTHING. Getting acceptable animations with good art would be taxing, they chose to focus on other things and make a decent game, so thumbs up for that decision in my book.Criticisms include...The buttons used to interact with the interface could be a little more intuitive, I'd like the option to mouse over the skills in battle to remind me of what they do rather than clicking and holding or whatever, i'd like to see more flavor text, and the shopkeepers aren't pictured... I liked the shopkeepers, like the ghost fisherman or the vending machine.Also, there ARE classes in the game. You don't get to choose until a couple levels in, but they are there!But yeah, its cool. I'd say it is worth eight dollars."
76561198354210884,Not Recommended,586750,31326613,Posted: 23 April,all,wadekaiserj,"not like the free ones, not worth the moolah."
76561198012430493,Recommended,586750,33568147,Posted: 15 July,all,Yuh,"The gameplay is simple, solid and very challenging towards the later half of the game.With the ability to pick a combination of classes, replayability is pretty nice.However, I wouldn't recommend this game to an RPG newbie. While its mechanics are easy enough to learn, the difficulty requires careful executions and constant strategy changes to be able to overcome fights."
,Recommended,586750,32001544,Posted: 27 May,all,Death of the Human Brain,"I... don't really understand the hate of Sonny 3 (or I guess it's called, Sonny '17).Yes, Sonny and Co. now slide to attack. But it's much better than the bases used in Sonny 1 and 2. Females actually look like they have actual female parts. Yes, there's no complete voice acting but the voices in the game clearly shows the emotions. For example Kara saying ""Aww"" when seeing a pack of wolves that Sonny and Co. needs to kill. Yes, items don't appear on your character but it doesn't really matter... yeah, in Sonny 1 and 2, the best gear does look badass on Sonny but I don't really care. It's kinda like saying ""Pokémon Gen 3 is worse than Pokémon Gen 2 just because the sprites aren't animated"". Finally, the new way to attack. Not going into too much detail but in Sonny 1 and 2, the team with the higher speed attacks first while in Sonny '17, the focus meter goes up depending on your speed. When it reaches 100%, the Character (not the team) attacks.There's one thing I do dislike; The difficulty, while I do believe the everyone auto targets Sonny everytime a fight starts and there was sometime when I should of got healed but I didn't. Albeit, I personally believe that the other times you die it's your fault for not using common sence. It's harder than Sonny 1 and 2.As for the pros, I like the new art style (I personally hate bases. If bases were used in a Steam game, it'd get thrown to hate hell and back.), the OST is amazing, David Orr did his best. And Sonny gets a critical hit quote which I love. It bugged me in Sonny 2 when he doesn't say anything when he crits.I'd reccomend it to anyone who likes RPGs and Sonny but remember that Sonny '17 works differently."
,Recommended,586750,31245942,Posted: 19 April,all,Tiger Weeds,"Sonny and Sinjid, the Childhood games everyone had fond memories of just got a remake :)To Krin:But yes, Please bring back animations and Armor customisation appearance to the games."
76561198075458133,Recommended,586750,32085227,Posted: 31 May,all,Little Jailer,"Nice game but at the blackhall keep enemys are too hard, im few lvls higher than them and any tactics you try they kill you in few seconds and they have too much health, lol"
,Not Recommended,586750,31675129,Posted: 10 May,all,Emilmax999,As of now I would rather play sonny browser version but if it improves i can change this review it doesnt have the same feel to it then the other sonny games.
76561198204396631,Recommended,586750,33193508,Posted: 3 July,all,arkadisevyan,"not to my cup of tea but the developers seem cool enough that they responded so on that alone is good enough for me, because it is my hope that they will learn from this game and make a real sonny game"
76561198073671615,Recommended,586750,33939366,Posted: 31 July,all,curtessilrus,this game is  a disapointment krin has abandon most of what made this game uniqe and fun to play from sonny and my favorite sonny 2 so far all of the reviews are accurate. The biggist downer for me is that it dosent continue the story from the clif hanger you were left at with sonny 2. I do however have very high hopes for Krin and i bought both the phone app version and the one on steam in hopes to support and encorage for a continuation of the series. The original sonny's are worth every penny and i am excted to see more....fingers crossed!!!
76561198331288452,Not Recommended,586750,35306512,Posted: 29 September,all,bakrali005,1 i hate this game sonny 1 and sonny 2 is way better games and those to games are free to play and fun to play but this game however is atrocious it freaking wiped my save game and started me from the beginning ones i closed the game and went to sleep i came back next morning and opened up sonny and it was wiped after that i never played this game ever again please don't buy this horrible game it's trash
,Recommended,586750,31329585,Posted: 23 April,all,Andrew Fibz0rr,"I've been waiting for years for a new Sonny game to come out, and although i think the changes to existing characters was unneccesary i still love this game.It takes tactical thinking and the right equipment to win the trickier battlesI do recommend this game for those who are familiar with turn based combat games and people looking for a zombie story from a zombies perspectiveSPOILER ALERT FROM HERE ON OUTThe only huge stress factor for me so far is in area 6.The oracle's overpowered shadow damage in combination with the Dream maiden's healing spam makes me quite furious.i have yet to beat this area, but either tweak the damage that the oracle does, his overpowered defensive abileties or the dream maiden's healing or damage reflect ability.because all these abilities combined is a huge pain in the @$$."
,Recommended,586750,31236525,Posted: 19 April,all,zutip3,"I don't get the hate.This game is not Sonny 3, yeah,This game is not in the same style as the old games, yeah.But after ten years, it would be a bit sad seeing this game in the old style.I'm only at chapter 2 but what I can say is that I like the game! So many hate just because you can't see your equipped armor anymore or because the art style is different but the developer itself said that it is going to be a remake. The gameplay is a lot like the old games but it still has is own thing.I am myself a absolute lover of the old flash games, Sonny 1 and 2, Sinjid but the remake of Sonny is still a good game.At the moment it costs roundabout 7 euros wich is an insane price for that game, even for the original 8 euros it is still pretty cheap.Buy it, it's a good and cheap game and while it is a remake it still has something from the old games! (Listen to the Soundtracks, so nostalgic)"
76561198016153139,Recommended,586750,31232000,Posted: 18 April,all,Ivarukฅ(^•ᴥ•^)ฅﾉ彡,"So overall I'm liking this game and was happy to pay the price just wanting to support the maker.  I always wished for a Sonny 3 but I'll say right off that isn't what this game is. If you're an avid Sonny 2 player yes this game has been kinda dumbed down. But the combat and the difficulty are just the same. One thing i always liked about Sonny is that yes your character is complicated but so are your enemies so you need to pay attention or you'll get pooped on.Overall i still recommend this game and Especially for people who haven't played the Sonny flash series, as you'll get the taste for the game on a fresh plate. Here's hoping the money they make off this pushes them to make a revamped 2nd one like they did with the flash Sonny 2. Also here's hoping they bring back the Instinct stat. Have to say it does bug me instinct and strength got squished into one stat"
,Recommended,586750,31233380,Posted: 19 April,all,Atomic Gandhi,"TL:DRGameplay is excellent. Good amount of depth, many different build paths and subclasses (you get subclasses in the second level)Mobile-style interface, not excellent, but okay. It works fine but it could be better if fine tuned for PC.I still highly recommend the game, you are getting what you paid for, the mobile elements are not that annoying.7/10 would be a 10/10 (for its price) if it had a dedicated PC interface. Would be even better (12/10?) if the creator decided to add animations, but with the large amount of models and the small team and price tag, that isn't really viable. They would have to commission the artist to redraw every single character 3 times, maybe 5. Not really viable given the high quality artwork of the sprites."
,Recommended,586750,31221279,Posted: 18 April,all,JayToriko,"If you loved the first sonny and second sonny. If you've played it on Kongregate or any other flash site like ArmorGames, you'll hate this one. This is 2017. The game came out in the early 2000's? I think.  It's a giant step down from the others. No really customization. No picking of classes. No special assets. The style looks like it was made BEFORE Sonny came out. It's lack of everything feels like a flash game. It should be free to play. Unless they're hinting they need money to make a new sonny and are trying to make money off this one? I'd be less appauled if they used Sonny 1 and worked off that and made us pay for the flash game that's already out.Buy it if you want to support an amazing company,but not for the game."
,Recommended,586750,31224514,Posted: 18 April,all,R Dog,I love but... I know some stuff is taken away right now. I also know ther will be updates (hopefully). All i can say right now is that i have been waiting for this for a long time and so far i love it. I will still be counting on the updates to happened sometime soon. This game is great and i don't want people to be thrown off by some dumb stuff that doesn't even need to be in the game.
76561198155937739,Recommended,586750,31329282,Posted: 23 April,all,everything will be fine,Some people just review games without even playing many hours or finishing the game first .... i don't get how players who declare themselves big fans of sonny 1 and 2 .... dont like this game . It has so many improvements and for people who complain the game is hard : I finished the game from my first try without using training fights once (aka legend run) ... I red no strategy anywhere ... I just used my brain .... it's not hard if you really played sonny 1 and 2 on hard mode - this one is easier .Also some people complain that there are no clases to chose .... clearly this people played 1 - 2 hours max .... later in game you can upgrade sonny into 5 DIFFERENT CLASSES .... Sonny 2 had only 3 clases .... so yeah it is a big improvement.I don't see how true fans of Sonny can ever complain that this game is not up to the standards ... especially for a 7 euro price. This game deserves at least 10 euros
76561198384709298,Recommended,586750,31445538,Posted: 29 April,all,arnoldas.stundzia,"Well, Finished the game and I must say that the game is AWESOME!!! Although more graphics in battle like different skills have different animations would be cool and also DLCs would be alright..."
76561198034070458,Recommended,586750,31235949,Posted: 19 April,all,atycroth,This game is great. The story and game play are great.
,Recommended,586750,31261645,Posted: 20 April,all,Yogurt the Dragneel,"Never done this before so here goes nothing.I really enjoy this game. I think the story is okay, the combat is nice though certain fights can be really annoying in your stats aren't good but still it's nice. While I understand people don't like not seeing their gear or animation when they fight I think the art makes up for it and besides I like to imagine how the various abilities are done. My main point of hate is about the strains now I can live without seeing my armor but at least make it so I caan see the strain I pick. In my current save I'm using the lightning strain but Sonny still looks like his normal physical strain self which bothers me because they art for each strain but you only get to see it once. Overall I love this game even with everything that people hate about just so I hope it gets some patches and it can grow and become better."
,Recommended,586750,31272543,Posted: 21 April,all,Crusader Sandvich,"While I'm not a huge fan of the fact that animations are stiff/nonexistant at this point, I do think the game stands up on its own.  I do feel like it's a step back from the previous games, but Krin and co seem to actually be listening, so if another's made, it's likely they'll incorporate the changes people want."
76561198057404579,Recommended,586750,31285521,Posted: 21 April,all,Black-Thanatos,"I really like this game. I've played the Sonny series since Sonny 1 was published. Ok, there is no Animation of the equipments, reduced skills and a kind of anime-animation, but I think its okay. The game makes fun to me, the skills and classes are interresting and, especially, the game is very based on tactics. I'm playing it at the meanwhile on legendary (without training), only using the physicall skilltree and without resetting my skills.The story is quiet different from Sonny 1 and 2 - it combines elements of the older games and includes new ideas. Some people may see it as a problem, I think the changes are okay. However, Sonny 1 and 2 were not really very connected to each other. A clear storyline is very important, but I like the skilltrees more there.I want to underline that I like the fokus on the strategy in this games. For me this is, what is charakterising Sonny. (To be quiet honest: Who never has played Sonny on legendary, as I told above, has never played the game the right way.)So I'd give the game considering the mentioned point 4/5.But:There are many bugs inside the games, and after the patches there appear other bugs.WHen the game was published, there was no legendary-status shown in my game. THere may further bugs, but I didn't recognise otherones. Second a destructive buff of a boss was not animated.But what is very cruelful at the moment, since today and pach 1.4.4., ist that all my items in my inventory disappear after logging out/going to the main menu. Only the first 4 items keep in the inventory. Because of this I can't continue my legendary-slot in area 7 (about 17 hours playtime), because I cant change the equipments and also have no money anmore.There really are quick patches nercecarry. Otherwise I won't  and don't want do keep playing this game.On this other side, the technicel side, I give the game 1-2/5. I really hope that this bug is gonna be fixxes.[EDIT: After patch 1.4.5. The bug is gone. I give the technical side 3/5. p.s. thanks for the new patch]"
76561198149038662,Recommended,586750,33338107,Posted: 7 July,all,Jordanbei,Lacks a few features from the original Sonny games but I do not mind. Gameplay is fun
,Recommended,586750,33654727,Posted: 19 July,all,pumpkenn,"Insanely difficult; extremely fun.Since I saw the news that this game was in the works, I have been in love with this game and following the development. It lived up to all my expectations and more. Seeing Sonny and Veradux again-- with music by David Orr no less-- brought a happy tear to my eye.It's not a remake and it's not a sequel, but it's so much more."
76561198045888134,Recommended,586750,31370330,Posted: 25 April,all,Lurker,"As I expected, the vast majority of negative reviews here are incredibly silly.Just to get the two most common aesthetic complaints out of the way:1) Yes, the partial voice acting is annoying. It's awkward to hear bits and pieces of dialogue while you're reading text; it should be all-or-nothing. I like the system of having a simple voice-acted reaction that summarizes the text (like Kara's ""awww"" when you meet the zombie wolves), but occasionally voice-acting entire sentences throws it all off. That said, this is a minor complaint.2) It's mind-boggling to me that people think a game MUST cover up all of its characters with a bunch of equipment you've picked for mechanical use rather than for appearance. The character sprites are well drawn and I'd much rather be able to see them; in Sonny 1 & 2, characters were hidden under layers of armor and robes, and it was extremely unappealing. This complaint makes no sense to me.As for the actual combat...it's pretty neat. There are five classes with extremely different playstyles, for a total of six skill trees (including the basic one all classes get), and the limited skill slots make you choose your options very carefully while preventing a lot of the absurd brokenness that Sonny 1 & 2 enabled. Mid-combat skill boosts offer a very unique mechanic that allows you to alter your skillset on the fly in order to adapt to new threats. I take a little issue with the fact that the enemy wave system means you'll sometimes have two characters ready to act as soon as the new wave comes, or sometimes all be sitting on empty turn meters and max cooldowns. But other than the game's occasional incentives to leave enemies alive longer (which feels bad in any game when it happens), everything else about the mechanics really is stellar.For anyone who's considering this game and is being turned off by the negative reviews, please read them carefully to determine how much of their complaints actually matter to you, and how much the reviewers actually played the game. Chances are that both answers will be ""very little""."
,Recommended,586750,31242057,Posted: 19 April,all,S H I N Y,"Okay. So.First and foremost, i'm going to outright say that YOU SHOULD NOT play this with the idea that it'll be as great as sonny 2. In fact, overall, its a downgrade even from sonny 1.That being said; Its a LOVELY ""alternate universe"" kind of game. Its set sort of like a retelling of the original story, and I was iffy on the ""soft remake"" idea, but it works for me in the end.There are things that this game does BETTER than the original, and things that the originals do better. IMO, worth the 15% off it is atm (though if you're a super hardcore fan of sonny/sonny 2, wait until a better deal) and you'll DEFINITELY get what you have been missing for the past decade. Its nostalgic, and maybe it'll even make you go check out the flash games. Its NOT going to be greater than the flash games but I can't say that I PERSONALLY am offended. I like this iteration and I understand why a LOT of people are fairly upset about it, but I will happily recommend this game to ANY fan of the series. I don't expect everyone to enjoy it, especially in comparison to the flash games, but if you take this game as it is; sort of like playing Halo CE versus the Anniversary edition, you'll enjoy it. You'll be reminded of what made you like it in the first place and maybe, you'll even enjoy it anyways.AUDIO: 7/10 - Its kinda... there. Sound effects are meaty and ""accurate"" if that makes sense, and they're well worth the first 5/10, but the music is neglible. I listen to my own stuff tbh.VISUALS: 8/10 - VERY few animations, but VERY VERY PRETTY. Still fairly similar to the original, but better detailed, well done and high resolution.STORY: 8/10 - While not QUITE as enjoyable PERSONALLY, as the original, it holds many similarities and works quite well if you take it as an ""alternate universe"" or even a ""retelling"" of the original.MISCELLANENOUS DETAILS: Invokes nostalgia, but DEFINITELY leaves you wanting more. Difficulty is pretty throttled, depending on RNG, basic CC/Heal skills, and working around your abilities on your rather limited action bar.OVERALL - 5/7 perfect game"
76561198020788251,Recommended,586750,31228912,Posted: 18 April,all,Charles Finley III,"Straightforwardly worse than Sonny 2... but still good.Let me get one thing out of the way: I'd have preferred Sonny 3. Even if it was a flash game, even if it was low-res, even if it had the slightly dated design of Sonny 2. Aside from the resolution, everything about Sonny 2 was better. It was animated, it was voice acted, and the character models fit with the mood that the game created.Here, there's no animation. The character just sort of waggles vaguely towards the enemy. There's no voice acting, save for a few lines here and there: if a particularly ""impactful"" line is ""Wait! Don't step into the line of fire!"" the ""Wait!"" bit might be voice-acted.There are all sorts of little quibbles I have with this game, and I just started playing. With that said, most of these quibbles come from comparing it to Sonny 1 and 2, which were excellent. This isn't bad. It's just not the continuation I was hoping for."
76561198090509306,Recommended,586750,33232536,Posted: 4 July,all,boyplaygirl,"Armor and weapons don't show up on characters so it's a bad game???Some played just 0.3 hours, complained how simple and borning but they never know the bosses are challenge,the skill tree can be chosen twice and combinated many ways.This game can't reach the height of sonny2 but is much better than sonny1 except you can't see the character equipments.I can't wait to play sonny2 on steam,please keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,586750,32033090,Posted: 28 May,all,Lord of Hentai,"Sonny and Sonny 2 were my favorite games to play in my free time so I was very happy to see the steam game. Though I don't like how the menu's have changed, how you can no longer see what you're wearing  (Though I understand why), the lack of animation, and other nit-picky tiny problems that any pesimistic ♥♥♥♥ could point out. I do, however, like how they handle the mutations in this game where, rather than picking your mutation at the start, you evolve along your journey. Comparing it to the original games leaves room for improvement (other than the art of course because the art in this game is beautiful), but looking at it as it's own game without making comparisons, this is a very fun enjoyable game that does an excelent job at telling it's story. Though act 6 is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Make sure you power-level the hell out of Sonny and the otheres before even trying it. I give this game 8/8 gr8 m8 r8's"
76561198062713412,Recommended,586750,31244808,Posted: 19 April,all,Fierbras,"OverviewSonny is a narrative based game. The player takes on the role of one ""Sonny"" as he journeys the world to find answers for his un-death and his own personal being. The game has great art and aesthetic design. The soundtrack to Sonny is somber as to reflect the post-apocalyptic setting it takes place in. That said its writing and tone is different. It carries itself much like a comic with art that pops out and dialogue that at times are humorous and action oriented. At its full price I feel that it is well worth this value considering the quality of the game in its current state of this review.  [1.4.3]DetailsMenu and User InterfaceThe menu is both pleasing yet could be improved upon. Upon startup you are welcomed with a striking image of the titular character Sonny. First and formost,""Settings"" or options as we come to know of it is not visible in the main menu. What is visible is the ability to change window/screen resolution.  Most games would at least provide sound options beside video settings but nontheless it can be found. The game ultimately has only these two options though some may argue that it can use more it doesn't really need more. Dialogue isn't extensive enough to warrant a text speed option. Furthermore, its narrative isn't paced to be reread to warrant a dialogue log.  Though it doesn't need additional features it can be approved upon not by the two examples above but by other means.This brings to question the user interface itself. The userinterface is not optimized but it is designed in a visually appealing way. To explain, it is completely operable with only a mouse. The menu has alot of negative space between navigational icons and Text/Setting information top and bottom respectively. This leaves alot of space with only backdrop art. This space could have been used  instead of the player being made to transition to another screen to manipulate the features of the menu. This problem is also seen in combat where a ""hold"" click is used to implement a mechanic.CombatThe combat is the main factor in gameplay for Sonny. The player must battle in stages indicated by a progress bar and each battle is conducted to provide a challenge through a designed synergy of the opposing party.  Combat is conducted in an active time turn based battle. A ""focus"" bar decides when an action can be made and it is visible for every character in the battle.  When it fills up completely, it becomes that characters ""turn"".Control is limited to the main character ""Sonny"" only. A limitation where I would have liked the option at the very least to toggle manual control of party members but it streamlines combat to a certain degree. Skills instead are best sorted into 3 categories. Offensive, Defensive and passive. Offensive skillls consist of abilities that damage and/or cripple the opponent. Defensive skills consist of damage reduction, healing, and cleansing abilities that help the party survive the onslaught of enemy abilities.  Once unlocked the player has the ability to utilize Sonny's unique mechanic. Sonny's mechanic involves improving one skill at a time through a choosing one of three random passive buffs that persists until the fight is over.This creates interesting and sometimes exceptional combinations where the player may onesidedly take advantage of a particular combination which would have been very specific otherwise. In example,  the initial ability to double strike at a % chance may now have the ability to gain another initial strike with a slight damage decrease. This result can then strike 3-4 times and in conjunction to the implementation of bleed (extra damage on hit) the player can absolutely pummel an enemy which would have taken more turns to defeat. The combat only suffers from interactive simplicity. Enemies themselves are designed in a way to challenge the player but not overwhelm them. Once a pattern is recognized, it remains only to the choice of the player to ""solve"" the battle or leave then return after increasing in their own overall strength. It is due to this simplicity that I have to state that the narrative is the main focus where gameplay though enjoyable is not.NarrativeThe narrative of Sonny is actually enjoyable. As stated before I liken it to an action comic where setting is briefly established then proceeded by action, battle and gameplay specifically. Characters speak just enough story but not too much where it derails the pace. If one has read an action oriented graphic novel, you can recieve similar feelings with Sonny.In conclusion, Sonny is worth the price listed for a simple but enjoyable experience and I look forward to improvements in a future releases."
,Recommended,586750,31830086,Posted: 18 May,all,Chili Beans,"This game is by far better that the original, it may not have big animation but the graphics are perfect and the fighting is crazy cool. Plus the cool voice acting"
,Recommended,586750,33301050,Posted: 5 July,all,A BAR OF SOAP | trade.tf,Dr. Herregods can be downed without subversion
76561198119699841,Recommended,586750,34251523,Posted: 15 August,all,Fernandothealien,"Sonny is a classic game coming from the armor games, games and this new one on steam is a little different from the sonny original 1 and 2 but they took it and put it in a good way the combat is interesting and it is alot more tatical but i did like how in the previous they allowed  me to weaken an enemy and destroy it in one turn with the help of veradux and roald i havent gotten that far in the game but i hope roald is there and the baron."
76561198180157409,Not Recommended,586750,34503182,Posted: 26 August,all,Jason,it is a good game not much like the originals but the last zone is ♥♥♥♥ off ridiculous the difficulty jumps up expedentially and the ai the ai in this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing horrible it feels like they made it so veradux never heals you when you need it and the others never hit the one ♥♥♥♥ing targetto be honest its a fun game but the last area is ♥♥♥♥ed
76561198047901134,Not Recommended,586750,31241906,Posted: 19 April,all,strange builder,Looks like a sunny game but its way behind its 2 FREE brothers... i don't recomend this game... i CAN NOT recomend this game dispit my love for this series.
76561198332360404,Recommended,586750,34177739,Posted: 11 August,all,Anta Baka?!,"This game definetly worth your money. It has its own storyline, different from its predecessor's, but still very deep and interesting.The graphics seems fresh, but some people like the style of first two games of the series more.The characters are very unique and charismatic, they have their own story and motivations. Personally, I like Kara, Carbon and Vendara the most.The mechanics are new and some way worse than original, but I don't pay attention to this.Consider this game as a visual novel with a strong strategic aspect, and remember that it's a separate game and not a Sonny 3.9/10"
76561198170274399,Recommended,586750,31221816,Posted: 18 April,all,Black3trxx,i really dont mind no animations this game is great!
76561198045695805,Not Recommended,586750,32093613,Posted: 31 May,all,Kyun,It was good and ok till a sudden save corruption.The game is medicore with some nice stategy turn-based combat. I was confused if I should recommend or not but a save corruption is just too sad for me.
,Recommended,586750,31888318,Posted: 21 May,all,"—{ E5 }— Sergeant ""Brisket""","Besides the new take on the same story , double skill tree, somewhat improved humor;It's a general downgrade from the originals but I still find it acceptable.Even when you couldn't add visual representation to armor or equipment  changes, since these are simple one layer sprites, atleast make it so that after you choose your second class you atleast use the sprite shown.Didn't find grinding an issue seeing as buying the shop items with ressistance and being a shadow dps spam cannon solved all the problems thus far.As a side note - Sonny 1- Gunslinger class - best class"
76561197986715648,Recommended,586750,31849133,Posted: 19 May,all,KaossoaK,"The game is pretty enjoyable, but it is for sure not as good as it's predecessors. I would wait for it to go on sale though.1. The voice acting is actually pretty good, but they do not do most words. They will voice one or two words in a full sentence. Usually the first one or two words.2. Very grindy.3. No real animations, just pictures fighting each other.4. Equip something new and the change does not take show on your character, unlike previous versions.5. Some builds are broken and some builds are OP.6. Evolution is an interesting game mechanic, but mostly tedious to bother with and it only lasts through the fight you are currently in.I play through the first two Sonny games in a day or two and loved them, but this one just has not kept my interest as well and not sure I will ever finish it."
76561198379595646,Recommended,586750,31569485,Posted: 5 May,all,DreemurrIncarnate,"I played Sonny 1 and 2 when they first came out, and I was overjoyed to hear it was coming out on steam! Badass graphics, beautiful music, and awesome gameplay, as well as excellent, comic-book like storytelling make up this game! It features characters and concepts new to the Sonny franchise. 9/10!"
76561198069231315,Not Recommended,586750,31710001,Posted: 12 May,all,heavyhead103,"Major step down from the original 2 Sonny games. The art initially looks better but once you get into the game you realize that there are no animations, clothing changes, anything that the original 2 FREE games had. As far as the combat goes, the initial game was pretty fun but then after hitting area 4 the game starts using cheap tactics that just make it more frustrating and almost no fun at all to play. I seriously recomend sticking to the other 2 games and avoiding this all together to be honest."
,Not Recommended,586750,31248847,Posted: 19 April,all,Discount Sushi,"Lifeless, unbalanced, and disappointing.I hate to say bad things about this game, since I've been waiting for Sonny 3 for years. The original two were my favorite flash games of all time. I was guaranteed going to buy this no matter what the reviews said. I wish I didn't, honestly. I also wish that the developers of Sonny (2017) stuck to it's original style. When I say style, I mean EVERYTHING. They changed almost EVERYTHING in this game. There are no animations, making the static sprites slide around with no polish. The items you equip on your character don't show up at all, which wouldn't be a big deal, if Sonny and Sonny 2 worked in that feature, which blew me away as a kid. Speaking of the inventory, they reduced the equipment options from 7-8 slots to 4. So it made it feel like every other iOS RPG on the market. They removed the voice acting, which was sometimes cheesy in the originals, but I really think it brought charm and character to the games. They completely took away the class selection (although they did implement a strain system, which is sort of like classes, I guess.) and made each stage have a smaller selection of enemies. The enemies can range from weak basic ones that go down in a few hits to big hulking monsters that will kill you and your friends in one hit. I never had to keep respecing my abilities that many times in the original ones. I wanted to beat the game before I wrote this review, but honestly I got stuck in diffferent areas multiple times, even the TRAINING areas (you know, the ones you go to so you can level up and face an easier challenge?), they all seemed to be just as hard as the story battles. This game is worse than the original two. And it hurts me to say it, as the developers (especially Krin) have been nothing but excited and positive about this game. It HURTS to write a negative review for something I've been looking forward to since the mysterious ending (which I guess will never be expanded upon?) to Sonny 2. I would pay more than eight dollars for the first games on Steam than this disappointing sequel.Go play Sonny and Sonny 2 instead."
76561198090970747,Recommended,586750,31586151,Posted: 6 May,all,boxxla74,"I guess this game is worth the price you pay, but still it feels lacking when you are compering games like Sonny 1 and Sonny 2.  Sure I could say it's better than Sonny 1. Just becasue it has better story and more more zones. The game feels lacking in the espect that you can't pick more than one same kind of skill in your skill bar also you got to put your passive there too which can really♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. In other parts you didn't have to do that. The game is missing animations, weapons and armor that you could see. Ohh ya where is my voice acting? Ohh Ohh and most inportanly where is The BARON!!!!! no no I'm not taliking about that unfunny one and boring one I'm talking about the Great and mighty BARON!!! I want to cry!!! but I won't I can play Sonny 1 and Sonny 2 for the BARON!!!When we start compering this game more with the Sonny 2 o boy o boy this game becomes trash. (I mean it just looks like trash since you feel you could actully pay for the Sonny 2 about 10-15 euros (at least I would :D) ) There is a lot more skills in the game (which gives more freedoms to your character creation), more animations, you can control your ally aggresion in fights, the game still has focus there (which makes u use your basic abilitys more just to keep your focus to minimum in fights), it has more enjoyable enemys. also you can fight each other al tho only when you are using same pc and browser when you play the game, (tho it's nothing big)  and most inportanly it has BARON!!!Sonny reworked still is worth it but when you try to compere it to Sonny 2 which is a free game and that feels more enjoyable sure it could make many♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ But meh who cares maybe the next Sonny that comes out will have those things Sonny 2 had, and new interesting things. AND FOCUS PC NOT SOME PHONE!!! the old community is pc users, who do you think will most likely buy the game. FOCUS pc first then phones and everyone will be happy.Keep it up and make the next Sonny better!!!(also I only reached Baron boss fight as I'm writing this  )(damn didnt know you have to own the game review even tho you used to play the game using family share.)"
76561198121955630,Recommended,586750,32259571,Posted: 7 June,all,doom87er,"Great game overall, even if it can be pretty frustrating at times.the game's stratagy has alot of layers requiring you to rethink your character/party builds, but it keeps things interesting.plus the nostalgia of jumping back into the story of one of the greast flash games every made is fun."
76561198077984573,Recommended,586750,32414793,Posted: 14 June,all,dreamer,the game is good. it gets updated often too
,Recommended,586750,32646755,Posted: 22 June,all,^5demon5470™,"Before you read the review, know this. I was/am a fan of the original Sonny 1 and 2 so this  review is a bit biased.Sonny is a turn-based RPG that tells the story of a zombie named Sonny and his path of finding out who he is. If you want to find out then play the game, the story is good. Not great but good. Why is just good? Because it removed Sonny 2's story completely making the game sort of confusing for fans of the original. The ending and story overall is good and was pretty much what I had expected.The combat is different from the classic games. There is a bar called ""Focus"". The first character that fills it up first moves first. All abilities cost 100 focus, making all abilities balanced in terms of resources. Combat is fun, adrenaline packed and overall very well suited for a TB RPG. However I do have some complaints about it. For example, some units will simply be much faster than you, so fast that they can attack twice before you can, that's not really fair. But what's even worse are some boss fights and specific creatures. Some of the battles feel like the odds are completely stacked against you. Not in the way that it's difficult, but in the way that it's completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Like one character having 2 abilities that can completely drain your focus, a silence ability and an ability which makes you 200% weak to all attacks. WTF is that? So yeah, several fights will definetly be keyboard-breaking level hard, but they are definetly possible to do.The soundtrack is awesome! The tracks are mostly taken from the other Sonny games. They are remastered and let me tell you they literally pack you with adrenaline for the whole fight. 10/10 even purchased the track from the maker of it - David Orr.The leveling up system is very fun to use, dozens of options and also provides a lot of replayability. About 1/5 into the story you will be allowed to get a new strain of abilities, having them along the physical abilities you start with. You can also reset the abilities if you don't like them or they are not suited for that specific battle.I did hear that the game has technical issues, but by the time this review is written most of them are patched. The only one I ever encountered is when the screen goes dark and you have to press the escape button twice to reset it, but other than that I never saw anything else. Oh, one more thing. It's hard to believe that free flash games are fully voiced and an 8 euro game isn't. It does have some lines in it, but the games feels weird, sometimes the character will say what they are supposed, but mostly they won't. Hopefully this will be patched somehow later on. Please, you either fully voice a game or you don't do it at all, your choice.I would say this game is definetly a 7/10, needs some fixing and balancing but other than that it's good."
76561198089063353,Recommended,586750,32652945,Posted: 22 June,all,Unseen2339,"I loved the old games but this kinda sucks. The old art styile was way better and you could see what you put on your sonny now it looks the same from start to end, but at least we know what was on the dam tape."
76561198027296415,Recommended,586750,33003914,Posted: 29 June,all,SweatStick,"Sonny is a game I have been waiting to get for some time, I will begin by pointing out my initial bias in that I adored the first two games and had heard reviews about this installment, therefore I opted to buy it in the sale. To begin let us say that what I experienced upon entering the game flooded me with dissapointment, the game is not like the original Sonny's, it's lost so much of its world building in flavour text on items , and the ability to interact with the waiting screens for flavour text, the combat seemed a little basic: stun, slow, poison, bleed. Enemies required little skill to beat. This however lasted only for the first 2-3 levels, the more I played and when I unlocked the elemental skill tree's , is when the story picked up, the combat is insanely nuianced with the addition of evolutions making the game both challenging but always fluid and a little random which I loved, you begin to get solid character building and beautiful art cutscenes. I would say if you go into this having played a Sonny game before , you will feel similiarly to me to begin with as it loses some of the special shine that Sonny games had, though if you are a new player to the series or can look past this , you find an extremely well put together game with compelling gameplay storylines and wonderful bossfights with interesting mechanics that had me respecing my builds to overcome to beat. The few cons I do have is that in some of the final boss fights , they were incredibly hard and had me get by only on the luck of my evolutions and the strongest builds I could find which seemed a little cheesy (Lightning, Shadow build for those interested), also the loot gained never had the same interest for me , often didnt feel interesting or rare like getting old ZPCI swords did, the not seeing Sonny wearing them aspect didn't matter much to me, but the naming, rarities and availabities definitly did. In Hindsight I feel I should've bought the game sooner, definitly has a lot of replayability trying to find the best combinations in elemental classes."
,Recommended,586750,33124013,Posted: 2 July,all,-Nyaro,"regardless of lack of animations & clothes, it have someold funny jokes from time to time,AI here is actually really smart compared to Sonny 1 from 2007as well as to Sonny 2 from 2009i also managed to hold Legend Run till the very Zone 8my first run, but then stuck on 2 bosses there completelyproof -https://youtu.be/HLTPeo2R4sY,love how challenging the game isif you are a sonny fan - go for itif you are animations lover - better don't, it will hurt you"
,Recommended,586750,33144256,Posted: 2 July,all,bear,So far i'm at the 3rd zone and the game is great. The combat is great as it is with all the sonny games
,Recommended,586750,34651977,Posted: 31 August,all,Ulysses,"The controls are simple, Tutorial is simple, Game requires strategy, Alot of weapons, armor and items, You dont have touse abilitys to regain focus(Flash Sonny 1 And Flash Sonny 2 where you had to use abilitys to ragain focus) Everything is balanced. Just how can this game suck Cmon. This game rocks"
76561198059831600,Recommended,586750,34646151,Posted: 31 August,all,Tano,"Sonny. I freaking love the Sonny games. Although this isn't ""Sonny 3"", as I first thought. This just happens to be an elongated and slightly-tweaked retelling of the original. For any Sonny fan, this game is definitely worth the playthrough... and it's strangely addicting.Many people complained that the game gets too hard later on, but the difficulty was one of the many Sonny charms that had us playing them through again (*cough* the bonus area in the first Sonny *cough*). There is that one area that's hard to beat... Keep grinding, my friends.Several familiar faces are back! - Veradux, who is still funny and savage as @%&!. The Baron, although his slight personality/character change was one of those tweaks, I was most excited to see return... and we get his emotional backstory, too. Then there's good ol' Louis... I'm pretty sure he's not blind in this game. He was a much more mysterious, lovable, and intriguing character when he was (Yeah, I'm all about the details.)For the love and the sake of the Sonny fanchise, I recommend this game. Fans, especially. If you're unfamiliar with the awesomeness, get out from under that lovely rock home of yours and play the first two on Kongregate or Armor Games.I'm hoping for more Sonny alltogether!"
