user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198021611067,Recommended,587450,34089000,Posted: 7 August,all,Basilovenator,"This is a work in progress. Have this in mind. The final game will be out in about 2 years.That being said, the game is promissing and is pretty honest.I have been following its development since 2015 or so and am not disappointed.It's sad to think that games like this are condemned to be indies because the public is not interested enough in scientifically accurate depictions of dinosaurs and big developpers lack the passion and knowledge to make games like this. They prefer inaccurate, dumb and familiar things like Ark or, to take a cinema industry example, Jurassic World.If I had to find a word to describe Saurian, it would be ""Passion"".Supporting this game is a very good thing, it's an investment, but I'm sure the Saurian team will accomplish great things and I'm optimistic about Saurian."
,Recommended,587450,34384325,Posted: 20 August,all,Domino's Pizza Ethiopia,"Just something to clarify: It is a very hard game to develop. With the amount of negative things you see in the reviews, you may not want to buy it, but this game was a long time in the making. Every dinosaur, plant, environment, landscape, etc. has been rigorously researched by paleobiologists. ""But they earned a quarter of a million on kickstarter!"" True, but this is a passion project. The devs do not belong to a large company or have any outside help. The game took a long to to research, and will likely take longer to implement the research. Overall, great scientifically accurate game. Just be patient with the updates. I promise there will be more content soon. You can check out their websitehttp://saurian.maxmediacorp.com/to see all of their future goals and funded stretch goals."
76561198045980985,Not Recommended,587450,34018168,Posted: 4 August,all,Waldbeere,"Compared to other Early Acess games this has a pretty good start, but it's definetely not worth the price yet. From a objective point of view this game is really not good at the moment and ""Early Access"" is defintely not an excuse for the lack of content after you raised a quarter of a million on kickstarter. After only 4 hours (probably earlier if you dont play as slowly as I do) I saw everything the game has to offer and just waited for my raptor to grow older. For this reason I do not recommond Saurian to anyone, who is not familiar with this game already. You should probably wait atleast a year for it to develop.The concept of the game itself is neat and the time and effort they put into research is admirable, but it's still a game at the end of the day, so that bares no importance to the actual gameplay and I can not understand how people can like the game just for it's scientific accuracy.This game, even when finsihed will only provide so much content and growing up as a dinosaur might be fun for the first few times, but I could imagine other people getting tired of it fairly quickly, myself excluded though, because I generally like almost everything with animals.I like a bunch of the stuff they have in the game already. The pouncing feature, while buggy, is really fun to do. It is satisfying to watch and listen to, only thing that annoys me is that the Pachycephalosaurus dies after only one pounce which makes it too easy to hunt that thing down. With the currently broken AI there really isnt too much to fear in the game anyway.Eating in this game has probably the most awesome details i've seen in any game so far. Being able to rip small pieces out of carcasses and swallowing lizards whole is one of these things I would never have expected to be this cool to do in a game. There are a few lovely little details like this.Even with all the bugs and lack of content I do not regret buying the game. I am completely aware that I may have to wait a year or two before Saurian becomes a serious and immersive survival experience."
,Recommended,587450,33981774,Posted: 2 August,all,LimitBreaker Vombat,"This game is going to be awesome if all the features will get added.I will tell you what is bad in it or what is good in it.ATTENTION ! THIS IS EARLY ACCES GAME , ITS JUST GOT RELEASEDPositive :- Dinosaurs look pretty good. ( and its just got release now)- Animation is cool too , maybe some rework and its perfectNegative :- No calls ( cause its just released of course, but i think 1-2 call should be added before release)- One playable dino  ( Okay just released now, but i still think 3-4 dino would be so much better)- Camera view ( i dont like how the camera angle changing all the time)- Bite sound ( its just like ""claapp"" , its not a bite sound actually. still it is just come out, but a bite sound isnt that hard)Anyways its NEW GAME AND PRE ALPHA EARLY ACCES.Buy it and help the devs and we maybe will see later a good game.Keep up with work devs! I love the concept."
76561198007535546,Recommended,587450,34252675,Posted: 15 August,all,Kalmageddon,"A Cretaceous ecological simulation made with love and attention to details. In the overly saturated Steam store full of crap survival and sandbox games with dinosaurs this one stands out as a real, genuine work of art.The game is still very early in developement but the developers are responsive and working hard to deliver what they promised.I would strongly recommend this game if you are passionate about paleontology, it's a must-buy even in its current state, if anything else just to own a game that finally does dinosaurs right.Given the nature of the game, though, if you want a more gamey or arcade experience this is probably not for you."
,Not Recommended,587450,34533332,Posted: 27 August,all,Johnson,"I wouldn't recommend this game but it has potential, so if you want to help make a good product, then you can buy it, but I will recommend to wait until the AI has been updated.It's an early access game but at its earliest. So a lot of work is needed to make this game great.It pretty much feels like they had an idea for a game, quickly created the basics and that is what this is in its current state. (The dinosaurs do look good though)The control feels weird.There's no real excitement, you could just go afk and only eat and drink when really needed, no one will harm you.The map is boring, there's nothing special to explore. Some caves or something would help.I really would love to feel the hunt, both sides, hunter and hunted but there' nothing, no feeling of danger.The AI is so primitive. All dinosaurs walk alone, it simply looks like they just walk from a to b and if a tree is in the way, the AI dino will just keep walking in to that tree.There's no natural feeling in this game, I want to see dinos act more like animals and less like robots.The herbivores should walk in herds and then you could maybe try to get one of the younger/smaller ones and the leader/parents would try to protect it.The shadows in this game are horrible. When I stand beside a forest or just a few trees, there is no shadow under the trees but when I walk under the trees, there is a solid circle shadow following me all the time, but no shadow in the rest of the forest only around me.I played until full age, discovered most of the map and it's pretty boring all the way.With updated AI, more dinosaurs and somehow make the map interesting to explore, this game could be really good but there is a lot of work to do.Glithes/bugs: When running on hills, my dino starts doing weird jumps with both legs together, it looks really weird and locks the controls for a few sec.Sometimes I can see through hills/cliffs like the way I see under water."
,Not Recommended,587450,34695378,Posted: 2 September,all,The Thagomizer,"I've been excited to try this game out for a long time, and before say anything else I want to make it clear that despite the game's flawed state I was able to have a lot of fun with the game. Manageing my hunger and thirst in an effort to survive to adulthood is a simple concept on paper, but it works well. The atmosphere is almost haunting, which is complimented greatly by its scientific accuracy. Nevertheless, the game is in early access, and if I hadn't tempered my expectations I probably would have been very frustrated with the game. The only playable Dinosaur right now is the Dakotaraptor, and some of this animal's mechanics simply don't work very well. I understand the game is supposed to be difficult, but there is a difference between honest difficultly and gameplay mechanics not functioning as they're intended. The game's developers I'm certain are aware of these issues and doubtlessly working to fix them, and the game is only in pre-alpha so these hiccups will not be in the final game.Firstly, the Raptor Prey Restraint is prohibitively difficult for me to pull off. Maybe this is just me, but after dozens and dozens of failed attempts I was only actually able to kill an animal once with it, and I was immediately shot hundreds of feet up in the air after the animal died ( I can only assume this is a glitch). I've seen some footage on youtube of people pulling RPR off with greater ease, so maybe this is just an error effecting me or a result of my own incompetance, but even so the game doesn't do a very good job of explaining its mechanics anyway so I think its a relevant point.The Smell mechanic also doesn't seem to work half the time, I can have an animal in my vision and enter in the smell mode and see no scent of the animal. When it does work, its really useful, but its too unreliable for me to really use it.The lighting has also been an issue for me, I will see the sun shine straight through the hills on occasion.More generally, I've noticed some AI bugs. Its a pretty common sight to see an animal walking in a circle indefinetly. This seems to mostly effect the Pachycephalosaurus, although I've also seen it happen with teh T.rex. What I think is happening here is that the animal has found a food item and tries to posistion itself to eat it, but it can't find the right approach angle and thus keeps turning while moving to try and eat the organism in question.Some animals that aren't aquatic also seem way too fond of water, I've noticed more than a few times that the lizards will submerge themselves and scurry under the water, to no ill effect. The birds will also fly into and through the water as well, and some of the Dinosaurs will also walk into the water and swim aimlessly. This happens far more often than I think was intended.Also the movement is kind of clunky. Its usually fine but its not very good for precise movements. The jump in particular seems very delayed, and difficult to control. Sometimes when you hold teh space bar the animal will jump, but other times it won't do anything until I actuall yrelease space. To put it shortly, it seems inconsistent.All in all, I can't recommend this game right now for anyone who's not intrested in helping its development, but I will continue to play it and will probably continue to enjoy it. I am looking forward to future updates."
76561198003895984,Recommended,587450,35128855,Posted: 22 September,all,ChaosMarch,"Awesome idea, with great potential. I mean, as a baby dakotaraptor I was zipping in between the legs of a massive triceratops, just for fun--how cool is that! You'll be wandering around looking for food, only to encounter a t-rex doing the same thing...except for it, you're the food.Pros:--Great graphics--Movement feels very natural, very fluid--Good fps; seems reasonably optimized (for my system, at least)--Very immersive, feels like you're really a dinosaur--Good survival experience--you never feel truly safeCons:--Right now, the combat is weird because every dino (no matter how large or small) seems able to kill you in 1-2 hits, whereas it takes you like 20. Not sure if it's a problem with hitboxes, or if it's intentional--but it gets annoying.--You can go a long time without encountering any food, especially when you're young. This can lead to being near starving to death. Again, not sure if it's intentional.--Occasional crashes. This doesn't really bother me that much, since it's still in development, and saving is easy.--No narrative; your goal is just to survive. It might be better to have another option than 'survival mode', one with a story to provide focus (like, an asteroid or ice age, for example). Otherwise, the game will eventually get boring unless you constantly add new, varied dinos.I think the main thing the game needs is an improvement to combat--no more instant deaths, but a bitter drawn-out battle of tooth and claw. That would make it an amazing experience.Generally I don't invest in early access games--but the potential here is so incredible I feel it's worth the price."
76561198200907447,Recommended,587450,34020094,Posted: 4 August,all,Blue Anzu,"Okay so, Saurian is by far my favorite dinosaur game I've ever played, mainly because it's extremely realistic, nothing is exaggerated or anything like that, you feel like a real animal trying to survive. Right now though, the game only has one playable creature (Dakotaraptor, with 4  different growth stages, all having slightly different play styles) and in total it only has 7 creatures in the game right now (Dakotaraptor, Tyrannosaurus rex, Triceratops, Pachycephalosaurus, Archaeraptor, Borealosuchus and a small lizard) the AI isn't the best right now, prey doesn't run from you and animal chasing you lose intrest very fast. There's lag spikes that  occur very often, but besides all that I had a lot of fun. If you aren't willing to pay $20 for that now, try wating a while, in the future you'll be able to play as Tyrannosaurus rex, Triceratops, Pachycephalosaurus, Dakotaraptor, Ankylosaurus, and Anzu (And all their growth stages). Not to mention, there'll be tons of other creatures throughout the map who won't be playable. But overall, the game's great and will only get better from here out..... it's also fun to run around cating lizards as an accurate baby Dakotaraptor."
76561198288494455,Recommended,587450,34079722,Posted: 7 August,all,Crangis McBasketball,"I have been playing Saurian for a few days, and i am enjoying it more than i thought i would. That said, it is not for everyone. it is like a art, or a picture, not a game. play this only if you are interested in seeing up-to-date realistic dinosaur models, and have an intrest in a dino simulator."
,Recommended,587450,34248973,Posted: 14 August,all,~ Sunset-Senpai ~,"For future reference I'm going to update this review as time goes on.As it stands right now, Saurian is a very unique game and an amazing achievement. There exists few other games that want to tackle a realistic dinosaur survival. For that, Saurian has a long road ahead of itself. Currently in Early Access, the game is $20. While it is buggy and lacking in content atm, that may soon change. If you're looking to help the devs and try out the game yourself, I suggest giving them that $20. Otherwise just wait until it gets updated more to your liking because currently only the Dakotaraptor is playable as I write this review.However, since writing it they have already patched some major bugs and added a new dinosaur. All of this happened in one day's time. I hope to see some great things from this game. If you were fed up with Ark and wanted a game that accurately depicted dinosaurs the way they existed while also promising multiplayer, this is your game."
,Recommended,587450,34405068,Posted: 21 August,all,🔪ɱαɢɪc ɱƴєʀѕ🔪,"Oh. My. Gosh.This is the best dinosaur game I've ever played. This is really an amazing game, especially that its in early access.Although, there is some pros and cons, but my main review is defenitley recommended. :)Pros: Graphics are just amazing, the gameplay itself is just a great idea, Survival mechanics are really good.Now for the Cons. :/Cons: Runs slowly (That Might Just Be My Computer though), hunger bar runs out a little too fast, not that much prey and predators to hunt down in some areas, and there's also this glitch where you jump or if a predator gets you off their back when you land on the ground you don't, instead you go through the ground and there's this void filled with water and sometimes you can't escape it until it gets to a shallow part of the ground. I'd recommend fixing that problem.But, the game itself is an amazing idea. Great job. ^^"
,Recommended,587450,34338677,Posted: 18 August,all,Panyema,"Okay, I will not lie. At the current state of the game; it is not worth the higher pricetag! While yes sure, it is definitively playable; it is not 'fun'. So don't buy this game and expect it to be on level with many modern games, because it isn't.However; if you want to support the developers... Or even just the concept of a realistic survival experience, please do buy this! It is amazing how many updates the development team are pumping out at the moment. And the game, despite its flaws, does what it's supposed to! It provides you with a more realistic experience of trying to survive from a hatchling to an adult. There is no pampering, no handholding and it's not an easy game... And that's why I love it.At the current state of the game; I'd give it a 5/10. I would give it a better rating based on the concept alone, but that wouldn't be just.I hear alot of complaints about fps being garbage, but this has not been a problem for me at all. I'm on the higher end of the pc spectrum; so the game is running mostly flawlessly even on ultra with max foliage draw distance. There are short moments of dropped frames, especially during night/day transitions, but they are short and sparse."
76561198187152750,Recommended,587450,34055181,Posted: 6 August,all,IIPawsII,"I very much recommend this game, being in an early access its wonderful! The devs care for our ideas, and what we think. I know this game will grow over time, just have to let it!"
76561198247915776,Recommended,587450,34140901,Posted: 10 August,all,TheEdster,"It really makes me tired whenever I see negative reviews for this game, those reviews mostly say:                                       'the only thing you do is staying alive. there is not enough to do in this game'You knew that when you bought this game, the developers said that the only thing to do right know is simply surviving.They said that all features are not in the game yet.So try to enjoy the game for what is it and instead of being negative, try to be critical AND supportive.Now for the critical part, here are some things that need fixing:achievements are broken right now, I am currently age 14 and I have not received the achievements for reaching subadult  and adult.the camera, I have rarely experienced this issue but I have seen enough videos in which the camera was a pain in your♥♥♥♥♥sometimes.when you're an adult is is too easy, if you are a dakotaraptor your main targets are pachycephalosaurus. It's too easy now, you kill in 2 bites, sometimes 1 and then I am not talking about the throat.When you pounce then you don't need to press RMB to keep you balance, he just stays on top of him.They also don't fight back anymore.Eating, whenever you eat you grab to pieces of meat at the same time, you eat one and the other one falls trough the world. (you still grab to pieces at the same time but it doesn't fall through the map. The second piece doesn't fill your hunger bar)I think that is why corpes dissappear so quickly when you're eating.Pounce, I have a new problem with the pounce mechanic:I jump on my target perfectly, but I jump right through it. My target does show the animation when you pounced it (fixed)Dinos are often stuck in place.When you're an adult it is really hard to catch smaller raptors most of the time. (fixed)When you pounce something, you fall through the map.You're able to carry an acheroraptor in your mouth as a subadult and as an adult, but I don't think you should be able to swallow them whole.I think you should be able to carry the chamops as well as the bone butte as a hatchling, juvenile, subadult and adult.when I encounter new problems I'll add them to the list."
,Recommended,587450,34120253,Posted: 9 August,all,Gegy,"Allthough gameplay is still limited at this early stage, with the beautiful aesthetic, incredible AI and great accuracy, this game always brings a unique experience with each playthrough.I'm constantly amazed by the attention to detail in every creature and plant, and I've continued to find new and interesting scenery.The animation of creatures is incredible, it brings deep immersion to the game, and when chasing lizards, it really felt like I was controlling a real dinosaur.I'm really excited to see where this game goes, it's off to a brilliant start."
76561198083208023,Not Recommended,587450,34017612,Posted: 4 August,all,Something you ate yesterday,"Saurian is one of the best dinosaur game to date, and one of the most scientififically accurate. But in this Alpha-stage,I can't really recommend this game. The frame rate often drops randomly and the A.I. for the NPC animals are still buggy.  I recommend to wait for another year or two, when all the playable dinos are available."
76561198031597791,Recommended,587450,33989704,Posted: 3 August,all,=💥SC00P💥=,"First of all, very nice game!CTD (Crash to Desktop)#1@3.6 hoursFPSRuns satisfactorily with my specs:CPU: i7-6700KGPU: GTX 760 (2GB)RAM: 16GBOS: WiN 10 (64)- Occasionally hangs, though. Probably when game loads new parts of the map and dinos?- At beginning of the night, one severe FPS drop for about 30 secs.- Massive FPS decrease close to parent's dead body with infant AI biting the body. Once I walked farther away FPS recuperated.ControlsKeyboard controls can be changed. That's great, however:- Inverted vertical camera doesn't seem to work.- 'Sniff Action' does not work with the designated key but with the key for 'Interact'.- 'Call Menu' does not work. I assume that is because it doesn't work during infant phase?- Game doesNOTsave keybindings. Everytime you restart you've to set them up again!In-game, camera controls are weird and need a lot of getting used to.Graphics- No advanced control over graphics options. Only from low to ultra (about 5 levels).- Lower resolutions make the game look very blurry.- Difficult to read tutorial box (upper left corner of screen) on higher resolutions.- Night looks a bit odd at first. Very high contrast. You get used to it after a while. Is that to simulate visual limitations at night maybe?Illustration:https://i.imgur.com/5ifK1MD.jpgSounds- Dinos barely make any sounds. One moment everything is fine, one moment later a T-Rex suddenly stands next to you.Dino AIDino AI is ironically very primitive.- Often stands around, doing nothing.- Sometimes you see a Rex or a Trike continuously running against a tree.- Parent attacks Pachy and immediately gets killed.- Later on, another baby raptor finds my killed parent and kept doing the bite animation even after the parent's body disappeard.Illustration:https://i.imgur.com/RMHZbKh.jpgFood- I don't think there are any infant versions of herbivores in the game yet, which is a bit irritating when you start out as a raptor.Recommendations- Improve dino AI. The most important part of saurian is dino AI. Without great AI the game becomes boring very fast!- Save changed keyboard controls.- Generally improve camera controls and fix inverted vertical camera that does not seem to work at the moment.- Improve sounds in order to make survival more realistic (dinos make almost no sounds).- The tutorial box recommends to aim for the lungs but that's very difficult with the current rather clunky methods to attack a dino.- A zoom-in feature (like scopes in FPS games) could make sense when you play a predator.ConclusionSaurian is great, and I have decided to keep it, but AI improvments and FPS optimization should have priority as far as I am concerned!AI is the linchpin of Saurian, so do not make the mistake and add countless of new dinosaurs before that or ppl will call your game boring!Saurian is supposed to simulate Hell Creek's ecosystem from 66 million years ago, which does not work without massive AI improvements!"
76561198046410381,Recommended,587450,34161715,Posted: 10 August,all,StaticFuZZ,"I would reccomend this game to people that enjoy survival games because it's not easy, just like how hard it would be for a basically orphaned baby dinosaur as your parents rarely hunt food for you to steal a bit of.There has been a couple of other reviews and blogs I've read that complain about how difficult this game is but once you understand that it's a survival game it makes sense for it to be slightly difficult, after exploring nearly the whole map and having a decent amount of hours on this game I can say it's not a walk in a park unless your park has countless amounts of pachy's (A.K.A Destroyer Of Dreams) anyway I'm very excited by the potential of this game going into the future and look forward to what the developers have in store for us.Yes there is a lot of bugs most of them are not game breaking and some are but that's to expected as it is a early access game and if you go into an early access game expecting no bugs you will be dissapointed by every early access game on steam.So I'd recommend coming along for the journey if you have the cash to spare and you have a fairly decent PC because the game isn't really optimised properly yet but reguardless it's going to be a fun ride."
76561198105101222,Not Recommended,587450,34004257,Posted: 3 August,all,iSagan,"I highly recommend waiting before you purchase this game. I also want to point out that a lot of the hypey reviews were posted merely minutes after this game was put on store. Don't trust the hype.The core content during this stage is eating, drinking, ""hunting"" and growing up as a small carnivorous raptor on single player. The 'secondary level' content is interacting with the animals in the world around you, and obversing them.Eating is simple, even in the worst of times where there was nothing to scavenge a little lizard would scurry out of the bush and provide enough to keep me going for while. This was by far the most enjoyable part of the game especially when you're just a little youngling look for scraps. Overall though, once you eat, there is little to nothing left to do.Drinking is a breeze. Despite the small amount of hazards in the marsh areas including aligators and extra foot traffic from all kinds of dinos... once you've drank you don't have too for a long period of time. So once it's done, just like with hunger, there is nothing to do except sit around and wait. Maybe roam.Hunting is by far the worst aspect of this game at the moment, which is unforunate considering how much of a core element in plays in the games overall enjoyment. Apart from the small lizard, you can hunt almost anything you find. APPARENTLY. In my experience, the aligators were impossible to kill (and could kill you in one bite while out of water). Other creatures weren't only impossible to kill from time to time, but almost immediately killed ME with one bite. In other words, if the animals weren't outright immune to my damage, only some of the hits worked, and the ones that did dealt almost no damage... but for them, I was merely a one or two hit kill even while I was an adult. As an attempt at faining content, this game is constantly trying to kill you so you're forced to restart.Growing up is enjoyable and right now genuinely the only thing 'to do' in this games current state. Although once you become an adult, there is little drive to play any more. All attempts at hunting will result in instant death or extremely buggy AI ruins the experience. I'd say only 1/6th of the dinosaurs in this world are opperating properly, and even then its only a short amount of time till they too end up bugging out. I also bring up AI because it affects the 'parenting system'. Which in of itself isn't actually a system at the moment. Rather, the adult AI just doesn't hunt you. In reality, you're just following a buggy AI trying to scrap up its kills for food or eat its body once it's died. There is no interaction, let alone actual 'system' in place for parenting at the moment. It's a thinly veiled way of making it seem like you have parents, when its in fact just AI you spawned next too, perhaps for early food.All of that being said, the animal interaction is nul. It's just simply not in the game at the moment. Generally all AI have the same behaviour, just different 'kill / ignore' parameters. Which are buggy as well. Even the camera you're playing with is buggy and extremely difficult to work with. If your graphic settings aren't on high then nighttime is a nightmare. Everything turns into a mess of green and it becomes completely impossible to move around in the world let alone distinguish plant from empty air. After saving a 4 hour long save file every time I try to spawn in Pachy swarm and kill me, even though they weren't there when I saved. It's also worth mentioning that just having this game loaded makes my computer constantly nonresponsive, even when parked in the main menu. And yeah... as the loading screen warns about... the game WILL crash within 2 hours or so... So once you begin playing, it completely becomes obvious as to why there were delays. This game was not ready to be shipped, and is absolutely walking the borderline on it being an 'actual' game.Lets hope we see some fast improvements, and good content in the future."
76561198066222126,Recommended,587450,33982380,Posted: 2 August,all,Tyrannos,Yee
,Recommended,587450,34024676,Posted: 4 August,all,Isaac,"I am pleasently impressed with how much thought and realism was put into this game. What people must understand is that this game is in pre alpha early access, which means there will be bugs. If you don't know that or don't like that, don't buy the game. I've played two hours and am having so much fun interacting with the wildlife and the enviornment. Super excited to see this game grow into its full potential, and we should all be supportive of that! Thanks for creating a great game!"
76561198311565251,Recommended,587450,34088537,Posted: 7 August,all,Sp00ky Bac0n,feathers
76561198061433385,Recommended,587450,33982317,Posted: 2 August,all,Scary Noise,"This game looks great and is fun to play. One con: big map. The dinosaurs look amazing. For a unity game it's pretty good.You can just play as dakotaraptor right now, the rest will be soon though.10/10 would babby raptor again."
76561198012412076,Recommended,587450,33983337,Posted: 2 August,all,Dreamy,"this game for a early acess is very solid and nice i'm not dissapoitned by it even if it has bugs and kinks it still worth it it's better then most EA release and the dev are working hard to deliver us with a product of quality and i will be proud to support them through this EA process :D because there is so much to be added and it will be fantastic when everythign will be implented during these 2 years i will be doing my best to support them as the game will grow togheter this game will be amazing good job dev team and work hard on this project but hey! not everyone gonna be as positive as me and some will be mean and say thumb down but its, their lost honestly the price for it really worth it because this game as so much potential :) and it will be the best dinosaur game ever!"
76561198096232233,Recommended,587450,33983144,Posted: 2 August,all,Arkaria,"My only real gripe is the fact that I'm getting 6-12 FPS with Ultra settings on high end gaming PC that /far/ exceeds the maximum system requirements.Dinosaurs, animations, and environment are absolutely beautiful. Dinosaurs completely ignore you unless you run up and bite them. Staying alive is much too easy. The response time between hitting a command on your keyboard and when your dinosaur actually reacts is longer than the amount of time required to make a cup of teaI think the game has a ton of potential and I genuinely want to see how it improves as things are added. It didn't really live up to the hype of the initial release. Was informed that this is due to there being issues with CryEngine and the game had to essentially be redone from the ground up in Unity which is not the developers fault in any way. Optimistic that Saurian will be an amazing game once its finished as they obviously have a talented team working on it"
,Recommended,587450,33985200,Posted: 2 August,all,Marvelous,worth the wait
76561198275535356,Recommended,587450,34657433,Posted: 1 September,all,Kion,"It's a bit tricky to work out how to move at first but once you get into it, this is super fun :)  There isn't much to do once you reach age 14, I still hunt and explore atm but looking forward to more updates. I'd suggest watching people playing it on Youtube first, then you learn from their experiences and mistakes. I really love this game!"
76561198265106803,Recommended,587450,34060847,Posted: 6 August,all,Spider-Man 2099,"This game is worth the money i would reccomend you to buy it it has so many things to do start in a prehistoric land of Hell Creek as a young dakota raptor with your siblings and perants as you grow to a adult you will discover how dinosaurs lived what they do how life was for them back in the cretaceous period it is worth  £14,99 or 14,99 dollers i have played this game and had so much fun it is one of the best realistic Dinosaur games out there i hope this review helped you.Thanks for reading :)"
76561198036742884,Recommended,587450,33984881,Posted: 2 August,all,Sastrugi333,Looks promising. Great animation and character/environment design. It's really nice to see modern portrayals of these animals come to life! I'm excited to see where this goes.
76561198299447674,Recommended,587450,34003381,Posted: 3 August,all,★KretaceousKit★,"Saurian is probably one of the best Dinosaur Simulators I have ever played. In my opinion, the game is quite easy, that is only because of the 'Save' feature. Without it I probably wouldn't have made it to adult. There are a few bugs right now, but it is still very fun and addictive to play. The achievements really want me to keep playing and unlock them all which is a good thing. If you want a realistic, 'Be the Dinosaur' type of game, then this is the one for you. I'm going to say that it might be a bit boring right now since it has just released and you can only be one Dinosaur and grow up quite quickly, so you may want to wait a while until the next couple of updates release. But it is still worth every penny! :) Here's an FPS tip for those who have 'Toaster' computers like me: put your settings on 'Very low' and change the resolution to 800x600 or less. (Going below 800x600 isn't too good in my opinion.) The game is still very beautiful on 'Very low' settings!"
76561198116254327,Recommended,587450,34003908,Posted: 3 August,all,Green_Shantungosaurus,"I've watied for a game of this genre for about 10 years, and I've only known of Saurians' existance for about 3 - 3 1/2 years. In those 3 years, I watched Saurians' development arrise, from their Facebook posts, to their bi-weekly Devlogs, to their Discord announcements. Unlike some people I see complaining about the game being in a ""lack of content state"" as of right now, I knew that not all 3 years were spent working on assets specifically for EA launch and putting them into the belt line of production....But rather to create assets as they saw fit in the growing ecosystem. Those 3 years were divided up into a few things. 1.Research. 2.Artwork/Concept designs. 3.Figuring out what will and what will not be in the game, deciding if it felt in the range of a ""game"". 4.Modeling. 5.Programing. 6.Animation.7.Music/Sounds. Yes, I'm well aware that not all of those things are done by the sae person, they have a decently sized staff team for an Indie game, and not all of those were going on at once. To furter that point, adding creatures/features takes longer than you might origionally think, by doing moding, animations, skin ideas, using those skin ideas, texturing, vocalizations, A.I, stats, and whatever ""unique"" feature said animal would have. Side note, about the people complaining about the lag/unoptimization, I seriouslly hope you knew this was a brand new EA game, and not a 100% full release. It's widly known that EA games are buggy, lag, crash, exc. Even games that are finished/have a  large staff team have the same issues! Look at Ark. Ark is leaving EA soon, and it's still extremely unoptimized. Overall, this game is amazing/fun as it is right now, and yeah, sure, there's bugs here and there, and teh occasional crash too, but yah know what...that's what EA games are known for, and I'm ok with that <3 .I hope you guys enjoy this game as much as I do, and soak in all of the potentional it has for the future! I strongly encourage you guys to buy it if you haven't already. Here's the link to their Discord and Facebookpage:https://discordapp.com/channels/127251911295369216/199945425522917376https://www.facebook.com/sauriangame/"
,Recommended,587450,33996534,Posted: 3 August,all,Mikkel Rev,I starved to death while watching my parents locked in eating animations.10/10 would watch parents eat nothing again.
,Recommended,587450,34212856,Posted: 13 August,all,[ Maxie ],"I don't usually go for games in early access, but my friend pointed out Saurian to me and I was intrigued. As an early access game and a proof of concept, it nails that right down. But in its current state, it is very poorly optimised and even on my relatively decent PC I could only get 10 FPS on the lowest graphics settings.But the concept is definitely there. You play as a baby dinosaur (in the early access version you only have one dinosaur species to pick) and your goal is to survive. It is not easy. This is hardcore survival if ever I've seen it. Plus it's dinosaurs. How can you not want to play as a dinosaur?In its early access stage it's a bit difficult for me to recommend it in its current form but I'm going to go ahead and give it a recommendation because so far it looks very promising and I'm excited to see where the developers go from here with it!This review may change as the game develops so watch this space!Edited on 17/8/17: After a couple of updates since writing this, I can safely say it is somewhat easier to survive into the next life stage if you're careful. The lower graphical textures look nicer too although the optimisation is still poor. Hoping to see this in a future update!Edited on 27/9/17: I'm starting to get the hang of the game now but PLEASE FIX THE FRAMERATE! I'm lucky if I get 10 FPS in an area with not a lot going on and it makes it very difficult sometimes. Also, there are times where the controls don't feel so responsive. Better optimisation is definitely needed right now."
76561198353559330,Recommended,587450,34340167,Posted: 18 August,all,bloodclan22,This game is a very good game. I love how everything looks but this is just lag central! I haven't figured out how to reduce it just yet but I will eventually. Hopefully. I highly recommend this game and I hope the lag ends up reducing in future updates! I look forward to it!
76561198309444523,Recommended,587450,34651580,Posted: 31 August,all,jklob1,lower the damage of the pachy's please its makeing me mad love the game thow
76561198388473209,Recommended,587450,34850480,Posted: 9 September,all,MrSpoon1995,"I am a huge dino fan and I must say what a beautiful game i realy enjoyed every moment of this. I liked the challenge of survival with the competitors, trial and error. Im really looking forward to being able to play as the other dinos including the Rex. I highly recommend this game to any dino lover, go into this game knowing it isnt finished yet more is coming, the only thing i can say on a serious note I would like to see the stamina buffed a little bit, but overall amazing cant wait for the rest good job."
,Recommended,587450,34083717,Posted: 7 August,all,Stockhouse,"I found this game to be absolutely delightful to play.  It isn't far along in it's stage of development so currently you are only able to play as a Dakotaraptor, however; even with the one option it shows for a ton of potential.  I felt like the environments and the way that the current array of dinosaurs interacted were pretty well done.  You can run into T-rex's battling over one another, or other creatures.  I also recently learned from someone that this takes place in Hell Creek formation during the Cretaceous period. Just the idea that paleontologists had a hand in making this game makes it that much cooler to me.  The game has a ton of potential and I look forward to seeing where it leads.  Glad to be a part of this games evolution...lol no?You can see my reactions to the game down below and how smart I am not haha.https://youtu.be/i8dMq5mrhj4"
76561198189999342,Not Recommended,587450,34963063,Posted: 14 September,all,[P-00] Nigel  Approved,Game works and high attention and accuracy have been given into to the fauna of the late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) but that is where my praise ends and my quarrel begins.  I didn't expect this game to play like very well with it being early access and all. However what I can say is I didn't expect it to crash twice within 5-7 minutes of starting up. Maybe this game will be good in a year when all the bugs have been patched or it will be another fossil in the Early Access fossil bed. Do not buy this game right now as it is filled with bugs.
,Recommended,587450,33981430,Posted: 2 August,all,ClockworkSentinel,I will always remember the day when this game finally came out.The Discord chat went wild.
76561198257552336,Recommended,587450,34075376,Posted: 6 August,all,Grand Sentinal Talenkauen,"-Be me-Start Life as a Dakotaraptor hatchling-Don't eat sibling because I'm not hungry, ATM-Wander off-Lose sight of family-Start starving-Don't know how to hunt lizards yet-Keep running around in a panic-See Borealo and Pachy near each other-Draw Borealo to Pachy-Pachy beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him-Borealo Dies-Eat his corpse-Progress to juvenile-Run around like I own the place-Get one-shot by an Acheroraptor10/10, would die to a 6ft turkey again"
,Recommended,587450,34018857,Posted: 4 August,all,☢☠(DLG) LockJaw♛🔥♏,"This is by the far Greatest Accurate Game i have ever played in my life! 1,000/10 =D"
76561198131302073,Recommended,587450,34147138,Posted: 10 August,all,.:M-a-w-o-u:.,"I do recommend this game, because i feel like it's ginna turn out SUPER GOOD! i just hope i'm not wrong and waste alot of money."
,Recommended,587450,34129317,Posted: 9 August,all,IncsyUK,"Intresting format but a long way off being completed. Graphics are good and the game design is there but needs a lot more work. Is it worth the price? I'd have to say no and i refunded after my short game time, so not in its current state. Going to follow and see what comes of it......"
76561198110616103,Recommended,587450,34131378,Posted: 9 August,all,BloodRazor,"As of right now i recommend this game only to people that want to see this game get fleshed out in the long haul, there is still glitches and some other issues that have to be fixed but i like running around and hunting as a dakotaraptor! Just remember this game is Early Access which some people dont understand means its far from finished. Right now this game just has a few of the core elements, but if you read up on what this game will be you will be astounded. I will say for what it is right now it does represent its description on steam unlike other certain dino games at the moment..... If you want to experience being a little baby dinosaur and growing up in a prehistoric world you would like this game. I forsee this game looking quite beautiful and when they add in all the dinosaurs with Ai and detail the enviroment more there will be no other game like this! Also i just love running around with my prey in my adult Dakotaraptors mouth! I dont know why lol!"
,Recommended,587450,34141624,Posted: 10 August,all,FoxWhite,"Barebones , but promissing nevertheless .Im looking foreward to new content ."
76561198242091394,Recommended,587450,35168938,Posted: 23 September,all,OtakuTeigu,I’m a huge fan of Dinosaurs I love the study of paleontology. This is the first accurate Dinosaurs game that I have ever played. I recommend this game for people who Is a fan of Dinosaurs. I hope they fix the Ai walking at the tree. I hope they add some Dinosaurs from the Cretaceous era. It will be cool if they add the the other era with different Dinosaurs each map like the Jurassic and Triassic period. I wish they add multiplayer and co-op at the game I hope this game get a lot of support.
76561198029834215,Recommended,587450,34005788,Posted: 3 August,all,SoulGamesInc,"I never review things here, since I tend to give opinions on my channel, but it's late and I've just finished recording from start to adult in about 4+ hours. I've an i7 8600 and GTX1080 for the record. The game runs fine (bar the odd lag spike) and only crashed a handful of times after becoming an adult.My parents split and I think the dad got custody over one of my siblings, leaving Me and my brother (who I named Jon) to live with mum. She hunted us a pachy before going for a swim where she was eaten by a crocodile, leaving Me and Jon to fend for ourselves. We spent our young lives to the age of 4 or 5 along the river where mum was killed, food often came to us, and life was good. Until one very dark night... my brother scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, and got ate by mistake. Jon was dead. I cried. I was alone. I left the riverbank where my mother and brother had died, in search of new purpose and adventure...That's where I left off. There isn't much of an end-game right now beyond exploring the environment and trying to hunt bigger prey for bragging rights. The AI needs a lot of work. The map has little incentive to leave your immediate area. You grow too fast and other dinos don't seem to grow at all, but these things can be put down to being in alpha; thus I hope we'll see gradual improvement. At 14.99£ this is an investment in a unfished product, make no mistake there, the game is not finished and your paying to be along for the ride. For the price of a takeaway? I'd say it's worth it. Jon's death haunts me. :'("
76561198419097054,Recommended,587450,34872947,Posted: 10 September,all,king_michael103,"Love this game... I literally bought a laptop for this. Admittedly there isn't a whole lot to do yet, as once you've maxed out Dakota, there's nothing else left to do except muck around with whatever dinosaurs you can find but that isn't a complaint as this game is still basically brand new and in early access, so limited content and bugs are to be expected. I'm so eager for any update of new content we get, I don't regret my purchase at all. Remember that early access is going to be roughly 2 years so any new content will be slow to come out. Great job devs, take your time and make this game as great as I'm sure it's going to be once finished."
,Recommended,587450,34828368,Posted: 8 September,all,Johnnykun,"I have played enough of this game (its early access so basically not much of it) so i have decided to write a review.Here are the pros. Saurian is a highly realistic dinosaur survival simulator that takes place in the hell creek formation during the late cretaceous. Unlike the community freakshow of a game called ""the isle"", Saurian has no shrinkwrapping, realistic creatures and enviroment, mostly good community(il explain why in a sec), and performs really well. (I have a GTX 1070 and i get no lag at all) while the isle has an incredibly toxic community, corrupt, rude developers, and is itself a poorly optimized game.Most of the dinosaurs have feathers also unlike the scaly bipedal lizards from the isle. Only one dinosaur is playable so far (Dakotaraptor) but there is more to come.So far as dakotaraptor its easy to hunt and kill certain prey aswell as still provide a challenge. If saurian's community doesnt decay like the isle's, then this game has a good future.The community is good for the most part, but you do get the occasional furry and isle player in it (cringy ms paint and furry artwork is an example).Now here are the cons: The thing i dont like most about this game is that not everything will be playable in the full release ie crocodiles, pterosaurs, edmontosaurus (not fully sure why its called anatosaurus. i know its synonymous but whats wrong with calling it good ol edmontosaurus?) gallimimus, etc. I do understand that smaller creatures will mean that they will require higher textures (an easy fix for this is to zoom out the third person) and that pterosaurs but i dont really understand the others. Devs have explained that crocodiles have low metabolisms and edmontosaurus are migratory species, but in my perspective i just see that as they dont want to put in the extra work to make those playable.I think it would still be realistic if they ignored the crocodile's metabolisms(the day cycle is shorter than irl anyways) and the edmontosaurus's migrational pattern. I think they might just be going a little overboard with this realism.Another big dissapointment in my opinion is that this game runs on Unity. This makes it hard for modders to modify stuff in the game for others to enjoy. so far a workshop isnt confirmed. I personally prefer Unreal Engine myself since its highly versatile compared to unity.Though the dinosaurs are really realistic, i do have an issue with the mouths of Dakotaraptor and tyrannosaurus. (Tyrannosaurus is getting a new model) There isnt really proof that theropods, let alone tyrannosaurus, had lips, infact theres more proof that tyrannosaurs had no lips or atleast partial lip covering.https://www.livescience.com/58474-new-tyrannosaur-had-no-lips.htmlTheropods would really need lips to protect their teeth if they are constantly replacing them. also the skin on the snouts dont look avian or dinosaurian at all. They look smooth and scaleless and always wet as if they are more mammal than dinosaur(most mammals like dogs have wet noses and thats what dakotaraptor's snout looks like all over, a wet dog nose).I have also had a bad experience with one developer/moderator (i dont remember x.x) in discord taking a joke image too seriously then banning me from the discord (i left before i got banned because i was tired of bringing myself down to an immature and rediculous level) but since the other developers and mods have been nice to me aswell as the community im going to let this one slide. Though I am a bit alienated by the Saurian developers because they seem to be friends with the developers of the isle(isle devs are notorious for being corrupt and mean to their playerbase)So overall, I recommend this game. Devs are nice for the most part, game has alot of potential despite having certain flaws, and there will be multiplayer added. My own advice is to not get yourself involved in the forums or discord(especially if you have a dark sense of humor) since this is an early access game."
,Recommended,587450,34838391,Posted: 9 September,all,Turtle_Gaming25,"I reccomend this game. I would get it now, wait for updates and play it later. It's a fun game with a CRAP ton of possibility. It's fun, challenging, and looks amazing. My only complaint is the AI. I mean who doesn't love watching things repeatedly run into trees and into rivers. That has to be fixed."
76561198065592251,Recommended,587450,34826603,Posted: 8 September,all,JaguarGod,"very fun, yet challenging game with a strong focus on realism. although pre-alpha, Saurian shows a lot of potential! Everything in the game has been painstakingly researched by the devs to maintain as close of a scientific accuracy as possible, from Tyrannosaurus calls to every single species of plant. The game is not without plenty of bugs, however, this is to be expected from a pre alpha game. There are currently only a handful of fauna species in game, but many more will be added in the future. I look foreward to continue to play this game, and watch its ongoing development and refinement."
,Recommended,587450,34297495,Posted: 16 August,all,cat beans,"After playing it for about an hour and a half, this game certainly has a lot going for it. The controls are a little different, but after you get into the swing of them, it doesn't bother you anymore - it'd say after like 10 minutes of gameplay you get them?Currently one dinosaur is playable, the Dakotaraptor. A cute little microraptor with a long swooshy tail. It's definitely visually appealing to just run around and listen to the little chomping noises!A couple cons would be sparse the game currently feels, prey-wise. The small lizards seem to crop up anywhere in no sort of set territory locations, so they aren't even more plentiful down by the water. The birds that you can find along the shoreline are very quick to fly off, and I've yet to successfully nab one from the air. Sometimes you catch a dumb one who won't take off, and it's just a large free meal.My biggest, biggest issue is how the T-Rex enemies do not have footstep sounds. Twice now I have just finished eating some scraps, and then a giant T-Rex comes out of NO WHERE and just swallows me whole. I don't mind them doing that - they're large♥♥♥♥♥dinos - but at least some sort of thundering footstep warnings would be nice, so I could have some counterplay.Otherwise, this is a chill game that I really can't wait to see move further. It's worth a 20 dollar investment."
76561198014222981,Recommended,587450,34280183,Posted: 16 August,all,DragonEye,"Ever play Site B in JP: Operation Genesis and think to yourself ""Man, if only I could BE one of these dinosaurs."" Then this is your game. Just hopes it gets plenty of continued love and support from both the devs and the community."
,Recommended,587450,34228984,Posted: 13 August,all,McKinerd,"You can't buy an early access game unless you know you can stick around for the long haul. The game may have few dinosaurs and large glitches, along with an occasional crash, but other than that, it is a beautiful, well-crafted game that challenges the player to be good! It will have its work done, just be patient!"
,Recommended,587450,34285919,Posted: 16 August,all,ChocoholicGamerCat,"I cant do barely anything in the game, but I'm trying to stay positive and hope that the game gets better in the future."
76561198160298419,Recommended,587450,33982749,Posted: 2 August,all,Vpple|Hip|Ω_Ω|,"Definitely a promising game. Can't wait for full release.Finally a game that actually cares about what the animals actually looked like and doesnt care how pathetic or ridiculous these creatures looked like with feathers. Already can see that it will probably surpass Ark, The Isle, and Primal carnage, etc. in popularity. Very buggy but that is to be expected from an early access game."
76561198040987233,Recommended,587450,34609224,Posted: 30 August,all,Sneakis,"It obviously needs ALOT of work in every imaginable department of the game, but considering it's in early access and has only been out for a few weeks it ain't that bad. I didn't really buy this game and expected a masterpiece, I bought it because I am eager to see what the developers will make with it. My love for dinos has never left me ever since I was a little girl playing with her plastic dinosaurs in her barbie dollhouse and cheering for the ""sharptooth"" in the Jurassic Park movie, so playing as a dinosaur is a childhood fantasy made real (though, as stated before, the game need work before we can really get that wish fulfilled)... but I am indeed very excited to see how this game will grow in the future."
76561198163647986,Recommended,587450,33983124,Posted: 2 August,all,rawleyjrawley,Shows great promise.
,Recommended,587450,34246075,Posted: 14 August,all,BogDan DinoGamer,"Patch 1.2.1555 not great at all,game works jerky now on all resolutions :("
,Recommended,587450,34151696,Posted: 10 August,all,SampleMagpie,Really good game! Finally an accurate dinosaur game with feathered dinosaurs!
76561198081029277,Not Recommended,587450,34018231,Posted: 4 August,all,Frostie McSnowcone,"First of all, I'm going to start off by telling you to keep track of the game's progress and see how it goes. It does have promising prospects, but it is by no means ready to be sold yet.Second of all, I have an awful PC which will affect my experience immensely.Now, Saurian is a game I've been looking forward to. So, naturally, I needed it. I'm going to tell you how my first tries with the game went.I got in, everything lagged to hell and back. Not only that, but the looking around with the mouse was hell. Okay, into the menu, go reduce camera sensitity. Weirdly, the menu when playing lags just as bad as the game itself. Never really had that before. Strange. I manage to return to game and actually start moving around. Moving around feels weird and clunky. I don't mind having to slow down after you build up momentum, but I have to build UP walking momentum?I'm not a vehicle. My first step should be just as good as all my steps afterwards. Nevermind. I could move, albeit sluggishly. I look at my family. Too bad on my first attempt mama, papa and my two siblings were frozen. Immediate restart.Okay! They move now! Very, very slowly. Even slower than me at walking pace. I have a feeling this was my PC chugging because they practically walked on the spot. I decided I'd abandon mother and explore. She was getting nowhere and I needed a drink and something to eat. After fighting with the camera to settle it in the direction I wanted to go and successfully having just a drink, it was dark. I couldn't find my way back to mama. I figured sniffing might show her, but no. Oh well. It was too dark for me to make anything out anyway. I slept. When I woke, mama and the family was entirely gone. Well,♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was also on the verge of starving. Well, double♥♥♥♥♥♥ I could see a pachy, but I was a ♥♥♥♥ing smol bean. I wasn't about to eat that. Another small raptor wandered up beside me. It looked flashy. Very snazzy. It was also chill. Well, there was my best bet at food, so I bit it. I died. Restart.Well, now we were parked by the water's edge. Everyone was moving slower than before. No biggie. It'd be fine, I'd stay by mama this time. Mama went to the water. Mama got in the water. Mama abandoned the AI children who couldn't keep up. Nevermind them, I can swim! And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ mama moves at a decent pace in the water! Not as slow as on land. Fantastic. I followed mama. We had a great time swimming together until mama remembered she was mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and began swimming in circles through a mangrove tree or whatever was growing in the water. I stared. I hoped I didn't have whatever she had. I quit.Fin.I do very much hope that the game recieves plenty of optimisation and that the AI can actually become intelligent. But, for the moment, it simply isn't that way.-------Edit:After messing around with the game a little more the game finally decided to run a little more smoothly. I can now play, albeit in a very jerky mannner and I can't enter an area with too many trees. But I can play.So, with that said.The game is still slow to run, understandably on my PC. something confusing was that any stage below adult tended to have steps that slipped into one another, whereas the adult didn't and moved at a more bearable walkspeed.In terms of food, it's hit and miss. Sometimes you can be in an area with plenty of food about and be just fine and other times you're going to starve. You're best bet is to find some water source and wait for something to come to you. As a baby dakotaraptor you're absolute best bet is to stick with your siblings and cannibalise them. So be thankful you have some siblings because you're parents are probably going to get themselves killed very quickly. The AI absolutely sucks and is by far the thing that needs the most work in this game.Other than your siblings, you'll struggle to find food because lizards are almost impossible to catch Everything else will kill you immediately and your parents are long gone. You can always eat their corpses. Except, you can't because they've probably already disappeared. Corpses don't hang around very long and you don't know when they're going to disappear because they don't have decomosition/eaten stages.But other than that, the models are fine, the map is fine, eating and drinking is easy to do, the game forces you to be very weary for better of for worse, which I don't personally mind and it's doing okay. There's definitely worse pre-alphas out there. Don't get me wrong, don't buy it unless your intention is to support the devs more. It's not something that should be sold at the price it is yet, especially after the amazing kickstarter it had.Onto the other bad points as it stands.- Glitches. It's in pre-alpha release so expect these around every corner.- You're dead if anything hits you at dakotaraptor juv/sub-adult stage. It's basically impossible to hunt herbivores with my kind of performance until adult stage. You have to rely on killing other dakotaraptors or whatever the other little raptor is or scavenging if you happen to find  some tasty corpses.- The stats drain so fast. I think they might've slowed the food down at least since there was an update released. I'm actually pretty happy with hunger now, it's more thirst now. I can't really explore much because I have to keep running up hills then down to a water source then up and down and up and that is very tedious.- Progression is rather fast. I wouldn't be opposed to slowing progression down just a bit more. I'm thankful that it isn't painfully slow (because the game only plays when you're on it and you don't progress when sleeping. You must play it.) but it could do with coming down a notch.- The AI is entirely braindead. I can't say anything positive for the AI simply because it's just so basic and slow to do even basic things. I'm expecting them to add and work on the AI because it really is what is going to make the game work in the long run given how many bots there are. But as it stands, everything moves downhill to a water source and swims about in it in circles until some croc comes and eats it. If you bite something, it attacks you, might chase you for a second, then forgets you ever existed. Nothing runs away despite there being a threat in the area. Most things just tend to walk up to a trex and die if one hapens to be there. Trexes will immediately fight  upon seeing eachother as well - I assume thing might change later down the line to have a bit more of a roaring contest go on before a fight breaks out to see if things can be settled peacefully. In terms of drinking, things manage but then they tend to step into the water and go into their circle of death for some reason. In terms of eating they half-manage. On the rare occasion you see something take a bite it'll probably be fien, but occasionally they'll jsut sit and stare. In general, the AI just isn't any fun and is just about functioning. It isn't a nice experience to play with an AI that's just so unaware of everything around it though. Each bot goes about its own little life with no interaction with anything else except food, water and maybe you.So, all in all, no. I can't recommend it as a game. It is good for something that isn't even an alpha and it functions, eventually. But it's not worth the pricetag and if you buy it, really only consider it something to support the devs with."
,Recommended,587450,34017503,Posted: 4 August,all,Jorma Gifu,"This game has great pontential. Keep in mind, this review was written few days after Saurian's early access release.Pros:+Dinosaurs look stunning, and so does the plants, and whole map. Lots of research has gone into designing them.+Sound-design is very good. It captures well the prehistoric era (or atleast how we think it sounded back then).+Controlling dinosaur has always been the clumsy side of this genre. Being able to turn it around while standing still is very useful.+I think time it takes to age is ok, not too long, not too short.+It's relaxing to play offline dinosaurgame for change.+dinosaurs have feathers.It's really hard to say anything about cons at this point. Ofcourse there is bugs, lag spikes and crashes, but they aren't anything that uncommon in Early Access games.Overall, if the game seems interesting, I warmly recommend it, if you don't mind it being in early access."
76561198297906261,Recommended,587450,34210444,Posted: 13 August,all,kenan koparan,"great game already for a pre - alpha, but some updates are needed quick for things like bug fixing and performance.but other then that real fun."
,Recommended,587450,34010383,Posted: 4 August,all,Moon-lit,"I'll give this a better review when I can actualy play the game on my new conputer, but anyways I'm gonna give this game a positive review even thought I don't recommend to buy this game yet if you are not in it like ne and just wanted to suport the devs. Right now the game doesn't have much to offer and it's buggy as hell, but what can you expect from an EA. But I see a lot of potential in this game and can't wait to see how it develops. Untill then I'd say to save your money and wait for few updates to come, except if you really don't care about a lot of bugs and things like that"
76561198210612875,Recommended,587450,34020948,Posted: 4 August,all,ammy1123,10/10 would fight a croc over a dead lizard again
,Recommended,587450,34023963,Posted: 4 August,all,PreciseThreeHornedFace,"Its a great game if you are into realism and accuracy, I do admit that the bugs and glitches are very frustrating.You don't do much besides eating, drinking and sleeping but thats what animals do. If you like dinosaurs and accuracy I say go for this, It will be worth it, especially when the bugs get fixed."
,Recommended,587450,34218213,Posted: 13 August,all,kleins.rick,"It's a good start, but still has a looonnnng way to go."
76561198330714412,Recommended,587450,33982500,Posted: 2 August,all,HORIZn,i like this game but theres not much to go off of pls implament more hand holding
76561198327828709,Recommended,587450,33982786,Posted: 2 August,all,JemDarpole,mixed at pressent.curently on my laptop it is unplayerball i still  give it a chance based on that its an early access in prealpha stage just relelesed A copule of houres ago so curantly iffybut subject to change.
76561198122187041,Recommended,587450,34057851,Posted: 6 August,all,life fines away,This game is great the best dinosaur simulation ever but it need to be update first even with one Dino still great fun
76561198014242690,Recommended,587450,34160508,Posted: 10 August,all,junkwargo,"The animations for the Dakotaraptor are gorgeous, and the fact that theropods in this game have feathers is amazing. While there is still not much to do in the game, it's a solid foundation upon which an amazing (maybe the best) dinosaur game may be built.I fully recommend the purchase of this game, as is has the potential to become one of the greatest games ever. Supporting small game developers, especially when they are as committed to scientific accuracy and quality of animations as these guys are, is in and of itself worth the price of the game."
76561198043701197,Recommended,587450,34207996,Posted: 13 August,all,FireWolf,"This game is so beautiful and has so much potential. It's in the very early stages of development, but I highly recommend  picking it up now if you want to show support. The team has clearly put a massive amount of time and effort into making this sim as scientifically accurate as possible and it pays off! For anyone who loves dinosaurs, this is a dream come true!"
76561198060066364,Not Recommended,587450,34210739,Posted: 13 August,all,TrangleC,"Ever since the Jurassic Park game came out of the SEGA Genesis, I loved the idea of playing a raptor, running around and eating other dinosaurs and all that, so this game was a must try for me. Unfortunatelly I can't play it.I hope the ""1 FPS issue on high end PCs"" gets fixed soon, because currently the game is unplayable for me and from what I've read in the forums, even people with PCs that can't really be called ""high end"" anymore seem to have that problem.Also, the frame rate issue aside, the game currently only offers me 4:3 resolution ratios for some reason. I've gotten so used to 16:9 that this just looks horribe and immersion killing to me, even if the frame rate were playable. Also the promotion videos and pictures clearly are all in 16:9, so what is this?"
76561198321066868,Not Recommended,587450,34215056,Posted: 13 August,all,F_R_E_A_K,"At the moment i would Not reccomend the game to anyone, yes i have only played about 30 minutes But that was all i could stand of it, i do see a lot of potential in the future for this game but i am seeing none while playing it today. As the oh so loved dokotaraptor i had to turn sesitivity to zero or else the camera would whip around like crazy And even at zero it is still bad, and everytime i would stop moving i would somehow get stuck o the earth and i would not be able to move unless i reload the game And dont get me started on the AI and performance.But since this is in pre-alpha i do hope these issues get fixed and i would love to return to the game when it is finished."
76561198025093383,Not Recommended,587450,34227549,Posted: 13 August,all,Coffeefox,"I found out about Saurian when one of my favorite youtubers (JackSepticEye) played it.  It looked fantastic and fun, and as soon as the video was over, I went to snag a copy for myself. I realized that it was in early access and was prepared for bugs and crashes- I'm not new to the problems of a game currently in development- but the game was literally unplayably slow for me. My system hardware is above the minimum and meets the recommended requirements in most areas, but there was incredible lag on even the very lowest settings. I went to the forums and discovered this was quite a common problem. I tried many of the solutions suggested, but none of them worked for me, so I requested a refundSo be aware, if you purchase this game- it may not be playable for you.I'd try and buy Saurian again- When I'm convinced that they have actually addressed and fixed the cause of this problem, instead of the main response seeming to be ""Your computer is old, buy a better one!"""
76561198125654343,Not Recommended,587450,34521545,Posted: 26 August,all,jpage7,"As far as graphics and ideas go for games this has to be one of the better ones in my opinion. But i do not recomend this game for a number of reasons. First is that it takes you for ever to grow into bigger stages and while that alone is not really all that bad, the fact that even after you grow to full adult and those little $h@t stains of crocodiles can still one hit you is very aggrivating. That combined with the fact that as a small adult or younger there is almost no prey to go after. It is so scarse that it really is more of a pain than actually fun to play. There should be more prey items or more concentrations of them cause we see in the fossil records and by looking at environments that around today that most places are not that devoid of life. Also the fact that not even 5 minutes go by and I'm already starving and dehydrated is annoying. Lastly is the amount of larger critters in the game. The triceratops and pachys should have higher numbers as they travelled in herds not by themselves. The trex on the other hand should be less frequent. Trex was an apex predator and a very large one at that and so most likely had a large territory like modern apex predators. There shouldn't be a rex every five feet. the game says it prides it's self on scientific facts but i can't be the only one who noticed these things. Amazing game with great potential but not worth the 20 dollar price."
76561198241797366,Not Recommended,587450,34214019,Posted: 13 August,all,LizzDragonLord,"I've been exited to see this game for so long now, but at the moment it is pretty much unplayable with the low framerate issues.My computer isn't exactly a beefy gamer pc, so I can't even play this with super low graphics.The concept is awesome, I wish I could play it properly to give an honest review of the game.For now I'm sorry, but until the framerate issues are solved I'm giving this a no"
76561198329468457,Recommended,587450,34202181,Posted: 12 August,all,GamingBulbasaur,My pc is not a shabby pc but i still can't seem to play the game even when i'm runing it on the very low setting because of lag!!
76561198170414286,Not Recommended,587450,34007258,Posted: 3 August,all,Scoobs,Maybe should waited alot longer to release this. in this current state its not worth buying just yet.
76561198039839643,Recommended,587450,33992015,Posted: 3 August,all,Aves,Awesome Pre-Alpha :)
76561198085373861,Recommended,587450,33982407,Posted: 2 August,all,Snailosaur,heck yeah dinosaurs
76561198193315271,Not Recommended,587450,34362077,Posted: 19 August,all,Dragon2K17,"Wait for a more complete version of the game. Also it takes a long time for you to kill anything else but every thing else kills you in one hit. And the game makes very little attempt to explain the RPR system (something critical for the gameplay) to the player, this reddit thred was more helpful than the ingame instrutionshttps://www.reddit.com/r/Saurian/comments/6rcqzg/question_about_raptor_prey_restraint/The game has a lot of potential, and I would like to see the content in the game expand along with having more intuitive gameplay mechanics. I will update this review if things change."
,Not Recommended,587450,34009058,Posted: 3 August,all,AmbiQT,"I should have paid attention to the negative reviews.From an ""Alpha"" or ""Beta"" standpoint, I understand that a lot of the content is in development.That being said, it is a very beautiful game, however a lot of the details are still lacking.During my playtime there were about five deaths, one resulting in my ""momma"" dino killing me, and then me running away to barely survive only to be starved out.There is  a severe lack of prey animals to eat, let alone other carnivores.The game lags so bad it crashed twice, which is why I am now writing a review; since I can't play the game.There are also mesh errors, in the department of weighting.  After you reach stage two of your dino's life the leg rigging has a vertice that isn't weighted properly so when you walk it clips into itself.There is so much more issues that I have with this game, but I hope it will be fixed once it has a few updates.I wish everyone on the dev team the best of luck and to keep up the good work; hopefully this game will be playable; however until it can run more smoothly save your $20.00 and go play a finished game."
76561198298058375,Recommended,587450,34206253,Posted: 12 August,all,[AK] Master AJLEE,10/10 G-G
,Not Recommended,587450,34149601,Posted: 10 August,all,Doobler,I installed and the game started fine... however the moment i hit new game & selected dakota raptor it all went downhill... I'm talking 1 frame a second at best... I've been hyped for this but at this point I can't reccomend it.
,Not Recommended,587450,34228592,Posted: 13 August,all,Queen Moony,"I would like to start off by saying I would highly recommend this game to anyone who actually has a gaming computer. It looks amazing from what I've seen in others playthroughs and that really got me hooked and excited to play.I love simulation games, especially ones that pay such close attention to detail.That being said, I have to not recommend it for anyone like me. None of my laptops or computers will run it without it being so incredibly slow that it is impossible to play. I tried every setting down to the lowest and there was no change, simply the same problems with a blurrier picture. My system met all the required needs but it isn't anything fancy.As of yet I do not believe this is a game as widely available as they wish it to be.I'm disappointed, and I think the price is a bit high for the current product, though it will apparently update and become the final release if you buy it this early so you don't have to buy it again.I suppose I'll just have to wait."
76561198159797664,Recommended,587450,34079331,Posted: 7 August,all,Matty,I love the concept of this game and all the effort they have put into this game yet when i load it up its all fine but when I load up a new game or load game it goes really laggy at around 10 FPS and I even tried putting my graphics on very low which shouldnt matter as I have a 1080 TI
76561198195181766,Recommended,587450,33981938,Posted: 2 August,all,Buddha Bread,AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!
76561198068725551,Not Recommended,587450,35402480,Posted: 1 October,all,Mashing,"I’ve been waiting for a game like this for a long, long time. The market needs a good open world, scientifically accurate, dinosaur survival game. There’s nothing wrong with the concept, and I’m glad that finally a serious project is underway to realize this long overlooked idea.The title of the game, the store presentation, the desktop icon, and even the main menu all look professionally done. Beyond the main menu and into the main game, the early access state of the project hits you like a truck!I don’t think there’s a single finished aspect of the game – and I mean this is a bare bones project that has just barely lifted off the ground. The art, sound, and graphic design all lack a general direction at this point. Everything is just thrown together to more-or-less demo the skills of its developers and to test the feasibility of this project. I’ve been hyped for this title since its inception, but this has been a sobering reminder of what to expect from an indie title versus a full production.That said I would be remiss if I didn’t mention that this is by far the most disappointing purchase I’ve so far experienced on Steam in its current state.The presentation suggests a game full of imagination, creativity, adventure, and survival. This is an ambitious project that nobody so far has been able to realize, but the product so far could not be further from what the store presentation suggests.The cover art suggests an action packed, thrilling adventure 66 million years in the making. From hatchling to adult hood, you walk every step as one of your favorite dinosaurs in a scientifically accurate prehistoric open world. Interact with advanced A.I dinosaurs, marvel at their science derived dinosaur models, and be astounded by this rigorously researched world…… Or not.The A.I is literally on par with the failed Jurassic Park: Trespasser project. Within my 8 minutes of gameplay, I saw a T-Rex manically walking in circles in a knee high swamp. I saw a full grown raptor walking directly into a tree, determined to phase through it. I did eventually kill a fellow hatchling raptor, which most likely would have rolled over and died on its own if the coding was there. Long story short, I saw enough examples of the A.I. in the starting area to be disappointed. It was then I wished the game was an MMO.The dinosaur models, while they may be accurate to the most recent scientific iteration, still simply lack imagination. So does the open world environment in general. There’s no artistic flare to draw you in… the world as it exists today just lacks creativity. Just because something is “scientific” doesn’t mean it can’t be awesome. I urge the developers to take SOME liberties with their art/sound design. As it is today, there is no direction here, and it makes for an awkward and disappointing experience.Now I’m left wondering, because I’ve seen no direction in the development thus far, will this project actually pan out? Or will it be added to the heap of indie titles that merely served as a cash grab? There’s still much to be decided."
76561198332084380,Not Recommended,587450,34260651,Posted: 15 August,all,Impala,"To Be Honest,the lag, is just extreme. i cant move without the FPS shooting down to 1 or 2. If this gets fixed i will play it again but for now im not."
76561198186890262,Recommended,587450,34726822,Posted: 3 September,all,Scrdycat,"It's a good game, but since i play on a Laptop it doesn't run smoothly at all. the more updates the better it'll be though lol."
76561198351574112,Recommended,587450,34699425,Posted: 2 September,all,ajlover41,The game hasn't been working for me. :( It crashes at the loading screen. Please try and fix!
,Recommended,587450,34722038,Posted: 3 September,all,Metatron,"Hi everybody,I found this game by random search for some kind of survival game as an animal with some mmo elements and although this game is in very early stage and only single player, it is exactly the kind of game which goes in such direction. Maybe the multiplayer part will be added in future?It is fun (but also tricky) to hunt some preys or to use the parental protection as juvenile at the beginning of the game to attract some potential predators which will be killed by your ""parents"", so that you have enough to eat to go to the next age level, where you consecutively have less enemies by growing but will need more to eat and attack larger preys.This game demands some skilled handling so that you manage to succed in the hunt for getting food or in escaping your enemies.The atmossphere is quite tens as well immersive and quite frightening (particularly at night) when you smell the enemies but it is hard to see them in vegetation or in the shadows.There is a lot of potential in this game and I am looking forward to the addition of other playable dinosaurs and living elements of each race. Actually there is only one playable race, when this comment was created, but 3 others have already been added (including Triceratops and T-Rex). I like the idea that this game wants to be more like a dino simulator by aiming to implement realistic fauna and flora of this epoch.However, there is still a lot to do and to add, but the potential is big, especially if you want to find something more ""serious"" than other games of that category."
,Recommended,587450,34013996,Posted: 4 August,all,Permoic,"It's definitely a good game. Worth the price, good atmosphere and finally, FINALLY a game with scientifically accurate dinosaurs! There isn't scaly Jurassic Park dinosaurs. If you look for a primal carnage or Ark like game that isn't it. Also there isn't too much thing in the game because it is just released. But I do think it is gonna be a masterpiece when they add multiplayer and new dinosaurs to play. I would also like to choose time period to play. For example I choose Triassic period, then I should be playing in Triassic with Triassic creatures or Permian ect. That would be awesome. (Also don't trust your parents. They will eat you if you go with them)"
76561198263048827,Recommended,587450,34008781,Posted: 3 August,all,Kalong-Bunga,"Superb. I've been waiting a decade for something like this. Be warned that this is still in early access and has its glitches, but still, 10/10."
76561198120884514,Recommended,587450,34018366,Posted: 4 August,all,Baby Jesus,"Fun game, with unique models, no to mention the overall enviroment truly makes the game even more worthwile."
76561198160060076,Recommended,587450,34014323,Posted: 4 August,all,snerm,"At the time of this review there are a few glitches, for instance, sometimes you’ll spawn underneath the map, just reload in this case and sometimes your hunger will glitch out preventing it from ever falling. The dakotaraptor is slow to walk and you’ll be tempted to sprint as often as you can, fighting is a little clunky and naturally as it is in early access there’s a lot of content yet to be added.That said.Pouncing, once you get the hang of it is super satisfying. (It’s harder to stay on depending on your prey’s health, e.g. a full health pachy will almost immediately shake off a sub-adult Dakota, no matter how hard you mash the right mouse button) once you’re an adult Dakota however you usually never have to fear it shaking you off unless you allow it to.The world is very attractive and every creature is distinct and eye-catching, the triceratops in particular looks like an art piece.Overall its challenging enough and very promising, especially as something so early in development."
,Recommended,587450,34068410,Posted: 6 August,all,Opendix147,"So far the game is good! Just a couple small bugs need fixed, other than that it's a pretty good game, AI for a early access game is pretty decent and with time it will get even better, the models, controllabilty and concept is good, I can't wait for new updates and features for it, I really wanna play as the Rex! overall it's a good game and worth $20 I recommend it to anyone who plays The Isle, or any Dinosaur survival game!Good job to the Dev's and Team behind it!"
76561198359411890,Recommended,587450,34088526,Posted: 7 August,all,jmgarciager82,i love this game because you can be a dino :3
76561198077683416,Recommended,587450,33984800,Posted: 2 August,all,Lexi,spoicy and really well done
76561198331593276,Recommended,587450,34195743,Posted: 12 August,all,clasicbluewolf12,"This is a really good game. It has good graphics and the controls are amazing. And the art for the game is amazing. I don't know if it's my computer or not, but this question is for the developers. How do I get the game to run smoothly? I have a hp computer, brand new and it's not running smoothly. I was wondering how I can make it run smoothly. Do I have to get something for it or do I have to re download it?"
,Recommended,587450,34436249,Posted: 23 August,all,Jake,"First off youll notice i havent had that much time playing it.. Thats because i cant!My PC is more then capable of doing so the only thing different from the specs listed is i have an i5 not i7.My specs.i5, GTX 1060 Ram 8GB (planning to get more)i have nothing bad to say about the game as i havent had a chance to play it and the only reason why i havent returned it is one because its ran out because im praying they optimize this!These are the specs that are apprently are min and reccommeded.MINIMUM:OS: Windows 7/8/10 64-bitProcessor: Intel Core i5 760 2.80GHz or equivalentMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 670 or equivalentDirectX: Version 11Storage: 5 GB available spaceSound Card: DirectX compatible soundcard or onboard chipseRECOMMENDED:OS: Windows 7/8/10 64-bitProcessor: Intel Core i7-4790K 4.10GHz or equivalentMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 or equivalentDirectX: Version 11Storage: 5 GB available spaceSound Card: DirectX compatible soundcard or onboard chipset"
76561198251934234,Recommended,587450,34462923,Posted: 24 August,all,Robator,"ok first step its a good game, good graphic and everything, its just some few problem there is..1. the map need to look more like natureal, like river and caves and thats stuff.2. maby get some more animal, cus when you are a baby its super hard to get food when you starve so fast.3. maby longer future it could be added multiplayer.4. and the last one more dinosaur and animals.now i hope this game can be one of my favoritt game soon by maby adding those tips I gave :)"
76561198105077080,Recommended,587450,34154983,Posted: 10 August,all,shadofir3,"W.i.P., still fun. Looking forward to further development"
,Recommended,587450,34272857,Posted: 16 August,all,ImPlain,I'm addicted
76561198087797070,Recommended,587450,34301982,Posted: 17 August,all,Wesley Stormwolf,"I know my PC isn't exaclty cutting edge, it's not that great, but I think Saurian might have a lot of things going on at once. Like, I know it's early access and buggy right now but my I can't even move around without it lagging like crazy, and I have everything at the lowest setting even the resolution. It reminds me of how my PC can run Arma 3 pretty well on low settings but it could barely run playing Ghost Recon Wildlands because even the freakin grass was super animated and apparently vital. Idk if Saurian is doing the same thing with its flora and walking animations but just thought I'd mention my issues with it, I imagine others have a similar problem unless they're like a Youtuber with a crazy setup. I do still recommend it because hopefully all issues will be addressed and hey I could always get a better setup somewhere down the line."
76561198152488119,Recommended,587450,34317224,Posted: 17 August,all,TyrannoFluffyRex,"I love love love this game!!!! While I didnt hear about this game until Feburary of 2017 and wasnt really one of those ""4 year supporters"" at least I still found it when I did because then I knew that when the early access game aired, it would be like the bare bottom. So I wasnt expecting a extremely intruiging game. Whenever I first got it and was a little hatchling I switched between lives to get the feel of how different your experiences are, and they are pretty darn different. The ai acts extremely impressive, and it was challenging to get to adulthood. Other people are saying dont buy this game because it is boring, and I might just be weird but i find it so fun because right when you think that you are gonna have no more challenges all of a sudden all of the prey disappears or a hungry t-rex appears. Right now I am a 13 1/2 year old dakotaraptor and plan to play through another life all over again. Also I reccomend you buy this if you want to support the developers, as your purchase will fund them."
76561198141556605,Recommended,587450,34537510,Posted: 27 August,all,wa5150_99,Please add it so other dinos are less op and add more lizzards please.
76561198132383191,Recommended,587450,34570329,Posted: 28 August,all,cjophilippe,"amazing looking game beautiful animations, a bit laggy for me if i go on very high/ ultra graphics but otherwise a great game for dinosaur sim lovers ! cant wait to see its development ^^"
,Recommended,587450,34159945,Posted: 10 August,all,Nesodden Kommune,"I heared about this game in 2016 and wanted to kiscksart it but didnt get the chance, so i was pretty exited for it to come out. I bought it, installed it, and then played it. 1.3 hours later i've decided to review it the best i can.I will start off by listing the pros.1. great gameplay concept (i've allways loved the idea of playing as a dinosaur)2. higher scale of realism then ""The isle"" wich to my knowledge, gamplay-wise, is the only competetor for this game (correct me if im wrong)3.A groth system4. nice graphicsAnd now the cons.1. The game needs a lot of graphic optimasation as it lag's on any graphic quality's higher then medium (the pc i am using esealy reaches the requirements to play this game, and i think its less of a hardware issue then a issue with the pc having to render a massive amount of foliage)2. Hunting as a chick ""Dacotaraptor"" is pretty hard as the only thing you can hunt are lizards that you cant see most of the time due to the foliage (i recomend to just spam the ""smell"" button and to run and bite when you close in to the preys location.)3. theres only one playable dinosaur in game (wich is the dacotaraptor (i hope i spelled its name correctly)) at this moment in time (the developers ill add more playable dinosaurs in the future)All in all i would say one thing about this game wich should sum it up nicealy. It should not be out yet. with that i mean that the game feels more like a demo version, or a pre alpha build then a early acces game, but i would anyways recomend buying it. Dont get me wrong, this game is pretty boring at this point in time, but it can still give you a couple of hours of fun. And unlike other early acces tittles, this game will get updated.I would recomend you to buy this game now if you are interested in openworld realistic dinosaur simulators, but only if you have the patience to wait a half/one year then you will probably be amazed by what this game will become, and then you can say that you were one of the first people to buy this game, and that you followed this game since it came out, but for noe this game is not really worth what it costs. you can also buy The isle for the same price, but i personally would prefer this game as the devs seem pretty cool and the The isle devs seem to not listem to their comunity.all in all. id say this game is still not worth it yet, as it is more like a ugly duckling, but if you wait and give it time you will recive a beutifule swan. I recomend this game and would recommend the devs to work a bit on the graphics optimisation.I've now realized that its 5 am and that i should probably go to bed. I hope this review did help you. Thank you for reading and i wish you a plesant day/night."
,Recommended,587450,34171269,Posted: 11 August,all,jawm128,"This game will be extremely fun once it isn't a starvation simulator. Wish the first dino was an herbivore for that reason. I have caught 3 bugs or lizards though so thats a plus, it's getting easier. Camera when you're a hatchling is awful. But I'm having fun and it will be a great game once the obvious pre alpha problems are addressed and the game grows.5/10 in current state which is really pretty good for the stage of the game development."
76561198309232799,Recommended,587450,34451230,Posted: 23 August,all,RevyRampage,"Saurian is a REALLY fun game. It's actually a little challenging at first, but once you figure things out it's very rewarding. I can play it on my Bootcamped MacBook Pro, but I don't recommend that route. Even though it's playable, I had to adjust my settings way down (which still look pretty good), but on my actual PC it runs just fine and at top speed. The graphics and attention to every single detail is amazing. I definitely recommend this game for dinosaur lovers, as well as fans of survival-type games, and just people who like fun games. :)"
76561198160301371,Recommended,587450,34489241,Posted: 25 August,all,N o b l e,"Pretty laggy, Unable to move half the time, But the game looks beautiful and from what i've seen it's amazing.The lag has greatly improved since it first came out, But if you have a weak computer it's better to wait until it is fully optimized<3"
76561198299381904,Recommended,587450,34549015,Posted: 28 August,all,mjrisos,"i love it but a alot more animals would be nice, and playables"
76561198387775273,Recommended,587450,34269490,Posted: 15 August,all,Whooping Jiggle Sticks,"put me in the shoes of dinosaurs, will wait on more updates"
,Recommended,587450,33985387,Posted: 2 August,all,MrOctober,"My experience so far:Life 1:Spent a while staring at an unmoving loading screenFinally donelagging to all hell and backrealize ultra is the defult settingset it to lowsmooth as a fake T-rexnothing happenssleepswakes up to find family has ceased to existtry's to get waterchased away by crocstarvesLife 2:stands by tree for a little bitnight comes so i sleep againonce again family gonewandersfinds other raptorswalks up to hatchling like mestares at each other from about 1m awayi walk about 2m to his leftneck ripped open by baby... D:Life 3:Spawnfind lizerd scentsay screw it and just run straight to it spamming biterealizes i actully killed iteats for a little bitsleepsfamily gone againheads to river and drinkswalks up behind a pachy stuck in a cliffound out a pachys butt hole can insta kill youi had a lot of fun in the hour that i played, often funsterating, but in the end its just cause of glithes that i think would be easy fixes5/10 at current stage10/10 potential"
76561198027968170,Recommended,587450,33987002,Posted: 3 August,all,Sidechain,"Hey, i think this game has a lot of future , i will be playing it a lot!. Thanks, i think is a great idea and i recomend it."
,Recommended,587450,33987155,Posted: 3 August,all,Enzo Pizzeria,start game dont know where my famaly wentgo alone in the forestkill a lizardget lostwake up go get water get killd by a crocrespawn then kill siblings cus i need more attentiongo on in life after parents try to eat meget kill by running into a trike legs10/10 was fun
,Recommended,587450,34031824,Posted: 4 August,all,FluffShady,"Let me tell you about this game.First of all, it's very realistic. Never played a game as close to real-dinosaurs could've ever been than this one. The animations are great and flow well together. AI could be worked on. Stats just a little bit. Dakotaraptor Adult is a tad OP imo.But hey, this is Early Access. There is going to be bugs and glitches and all that wonderful stuff. There is a small lag problem and crashing but it literally just came out a little less than a week ago. So far, it's looking super awesome! Only thing is, I wish they would have a bit more dino selection in the end game but other than it it's almost flawless!People say that they don't like how laggy it is and that it's hard to survive.1. Like I said before, it literally just came out. They are working on the lag and other issues.2. It's supposed to be hard. You're a baby trying to grow up in an environment that other dinosaurs see as their next meal.I could write a ton more if I had the time. Thank you for reading.And also- It's Pre-Alpha, so not even in its' Alpha stage yet."
,Not Recommended,587450,34263188,Posted: 15 August,all,I Like Turtles!,"This game has a lot of potential but is so new and in early access that its unplayable. There is literaly only ONE animal to play. the game is super laggy nomatter the setting its put on ultra and low both play at 30 fps. After looking about for 10 minutes i did not see a single other dino. You can clip though all the tree stumps and the grass and plants don't move out of the way when you touch them. Lots of potential but so new i would not reccomend it.Like come on, at this point there is a better ♥♥♥♥ing game on roblox that is even multiplayerhttps://web.roblox.com/games/228181322/EVENT-Dinosaur-SimulatorThe roblox game has more god dam dinos the same grow up mechanic and its multiplayer"
,Not Recommended,587450,34015697,Posted: 4 August,all,Vlad (definitely not a swan),"Kind of sad to give this a negative review, but I can't reccomend the game in that current state.That being said, I do not regret my purchase at all. I've been following this game for a long time, and I want to support the devs.Unless you want to buy the game to help the devs, it isn't worth it.As with many early access games, Saurian is far from complete. At the moment, the AI is somewhat basic and bugs out frequently, there are shader issues which make the game unplayable at night, performance issues and various small bugs that have a minimal impact on gameplay, but will make it harder to enjoy the game.There aren't many animals at the moment either, and once you reach adult, there stops being any real motivation to carry on playing.That's not to say it doesn't have it's fun moments, of course.Still, I have lots of faith in this game and can't wait to see what it's like when it's complete. The devs have put a lot of hard work and dedication into this game and have researched every meticulous detail.If you want to see the game succeed as much as I do, I would reccomend the game because extra funding could never hurt the devs.tldr; lack of content and buggy, but has lots of potential"
76561198110274910,Not Recommended,587450,34269312,Posted: 15 August,all,Mayluna Brokeit,"I truly hate to have to give this game a bad review, but at this point it must be done. It's concept and animations are beautiful, but the jittery, unresponsive controls and insane amounts of glitches just makes this game unplayable. Even for stronger computers that should play this with ease, it's not even functional. I know it's early access, but even now it's just too early to be charging this much for such a trainwreck of a game. And I've been through the early stages of Ark. I would wait for a few months for them to sort out the bugs, this game is currently not worth the $20 they demand for this."
,Recommended,587450,34081607,Posted: 7 August,all,Blkreven,its a good way to pass the time. cant wait for more dinos!
76561198340379936,Recommended,587450,34052965,Posted: 5 August,all,▶ Munch Master ◀,"I have not even scratched the surface of this game, and I already know that i'm in for a ride. The biggest factor that keeps me playing is the fear factor that the game provides. No matter where I sit, where i'm running to, or where i'm eating, thre has been no point where I have felt safe. I'm always suspicious that in a matter of seconds, I could be ambushed from the water by a prehistoric crocodile or pounced from behind by my own species.From the MINUTE this project was pushed onto Kickstarter, I knew that this was something that I needed. The reveal of Saurian is probably one of the reasons that I ended up investing my money into a gaming computer in the first place. Although the game in its current state is very bland and scrawny, I have no shame in giving this game all the time that it needs to grow into what the entire Saurian community wants. A dinosaur game where you can be a mother♥♥♥♥in' DINOSAUR!"
,Recommended,587450,34051599,Posted: 5 August,all,Boooop,Fun game and well made at the moment.Expect it to be an excellent game by the time it's out of early access.
,Recommended,587450,34543896,Posted: 27 August,all,Memeboisaurus,It's a very good game for it's state but I have one ask can you lower the lag so I can reach the Adult Stage. But how do you mate? Can't wait for full release!!!
76561198367057181,Recommended,587450,34038238,Posted: 5 August,all,タマミツネ (tamamitsune),"Very good details, feels like ur 1 with the game, and over-all, very addicting."
76561198367291484,Not Recommended,587450,35481875,Posted: 4 October,all,LeafyGamer1234,"I love this game for the graphics and art, but thats one problem. Other people may have a better computer than i do, but it is super slow. I have to wait half an hour through the loading screen. Not only that, even when I set the graphics to low, Its still as slow as ever. The frame rate is a little bad. Well,not even a little. I can hardly play the game. But if i got a better computer,i might be able to play it. But until now, i'm not going to be playing it for a while. Slow games are frustrating."
76561198250032596,Recommended,587450,34237960,Posted: 14 August,all,Mitthras,very laggy on my computer if i see no improvment i may refund it:3
,Recommended,587450,34159922,Posted: 10 August,all,yo its ya nigga Bucky,"First life. I spawn, my parent immediately glitches into a river and my little brother drowns himself (I think, he went in with the mother and was never seen again)I search for 10 minutes for any food or even another dinosaur.Find nothing, go into a cluster of tall grass and hear breathing. For some reason a ♥♥♥♥ing T Rex's footsteps make 0 sound and he ran up and killed me when i was trying to sniff the air for what was breathing.it's fun as hell but obviously early accessUPDATESecond Life: This time I stay with the parent and he doesn't glitch out. We find a small animal to kill and my parent misses an attack so I hit it once then go for another. The parent also went for the kill and killed us both. Thanks Obama"
76561198404404958,Recommended,587450,34275529,Posted: 16 August,all,del0026,so i cant find any thing to eat and what i jump as a teen i go in to the ground and i cant get out of the ground and i on it get to be a teen by the bars not going down but im on death road.i love the idea of the game love dinos but the laptop im on cant take the graffis with out lagg but still love it
76561198282080369,Recommended,587450,34067012,Posted: 6 August,all,Andy,Amazing! cant wait to see the finished product
76561198121032606,Recommended,587450,34046390,Posted: 5 August,all,Hummungus,Great! Not perfect but as updates come in it will be ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. :)
76561198140052634,Recommended,587450,34035537,Posted: 5 August,all,The-Danger-Noodle420,This game is good!But bugs need to be fixedList:Game crashes alotFood gets stuck in mouth
,Recommended,587450,34026203,Posted: 4 August,all,"I'm Solo, Han Solo","I start up game to see parents and 2 other siblings walking away, they go behind a tree.I chase after them only to see one of my parents dead on the ground and a Pachy beating the other one down.After the pachy killed my other parent, it proceeded to rip chunks of meat off of it and swallow.It fully consumed both of my parents as I ran in sheer horror.10/10 Pachys eat Parents"
76561198376316567,Not Recommended,587450,35474162,Posted: 4 October,all,bpaigema,"it lags so much even with the settings on the lowest quality possible and i always die of starvation! Also, I think the hit detection is a little off..."
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,587450,34029360,Posted: 4 August,all,matt1184,"This is definitely not ready for a $20 price tag.  Too buggy, too little content, and the controls lag.  If you want to support the developers, feel free, but I'm getting a refund and will wait till it is more fully fleshed out or on sale."
76561198053691407,Not Recommended,587450,33994860,Posted: 3 August,all,Cuddles,"When you really on pouncing to kill larger prey, it helps to actually explain that mechanism, because every time i attack i'm always thrown off.They say if you use rmb you will stay on the thing you are attacking, however although i keep mashing the button i still get thrown off? How is this fair?"
,Not Recommended,587450,34219826,Posted: 13 August,all,chelz42272,"Could only play for about 30 mins. The FPS was very bad and my Dino would barely move, it's like it would get stuck on the ground. Tried adjusting the gaphics to make it run better but no luck. It's a shame i was really looking foreward to playing this."
76561198360680526,Recommended,587450,34334466,Posted: 18 August,all,Flamingchilliburns,I can be a dinosaur
76561198028619669,Recommended,587450,34093320,Posted: 7 August,all,mr_cool_dylan,im having issues with performancew dont know if it maybe doesnt support hd ?
76561198349916201,Recommended,587450,34094513,Posted: 7 August,all,Shrimp Parakeet,"It's very nice and I love the whole idea of it, my only problem is lag. I can barely move and when I can it spins me in circles. This is probably just because of my computer (an acer)."
76561198300161865,Recommended,587450,34028035,Posted: 4 August,all,❤️Thedragongamer❤,Nice realistic dino sim.
,Not Recommended,587450,35454183,Posted: 3 October,all,edan.g,"wow so i get super excited about a game like this but when i install it i cant even move my mouse without it taking about 6 years to follow, the lag on the game has really disapointed me, i was looking foward to a good game but the graphics are no where near as good as what it says on its trailer, i cant belive i payed for this game i want a refund."
76561198380597220,Recommended,587450,34502436,Posted: 26 August,all,Triforce Master,"I don't know If my poor little acer laptop will ever run this game. :/ But Markiplier and Jacksepticeye seem to like it. So although I can't play it, this game is pretty cool. I'm bummed that I spent $20 on air though.."
,Not Recommended,587450,34243487,Posted: 14 August,all,Raedwulf,"As of right now this game is too bare and too boring to recommend. I don't take early access as an excuse. As it stands (albeit being early access) there's practically nothing here.The controls are terrible, the physics are horrible the walking feels clunky and unnatural. The system of attacking/being attacked is laughibly bad.They spent way too much time on 'making the plants and dinosaurs look accurate' then actually making an enjoyable game.Dreadful."
76561198082073893,Not Recommended,587450,34000676,Posted: 3 August,all,Ficus planicostata,"Do not let the amount of positive reviews fool youI would love to recommend Saurian, but as of now, i just can't. It's current state is simply not worth the price. Saurian is currently a beautiful hollow conch, it's everything us paleo-nerds have asked for, and it's the first game that puts accuracy as one of their top goals.Saurian will enrich overtime and it has so much potential, but i'd recommend you wait a bit before buying this gameI would only recommend this game if you're a complete sucker for accurate dinosaurs. But that's about it, the game is currently a beautiful hollow conch"
,Recommended,587450,34046370,Posted: 5 August,all,Umbreeunix,"I'm just going trying to kill this three horn ♥♥♥♥s and these cranial ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s just come out of nowhere and bite me in the♥♥♥♥♥ what the ♥♥♥♥.Overall, 10/10."
,Recommended,587450,34180408,Posted: 11 August,all,Razors Edge,Great game.   Did a short review.  I love the early survival aspects of the game.. I was running for my life most of the time.For sure worth the price tag and look for more videos from me as I plan to continue to cover this title!!  Great work.
76561198012965253,Not Recommended,587450,34363520,Posted: 19 August,all,Jòòm,"got this to have a go but its unplayable for me even on a good pc, fps is fine but its jumpy and jerky. will wait for a few patches i think"
,Not Recommended,587450,34022547,Posted: 4 August,all,Suicide48,"Well Im 10 mins in and this game seems cruddy, amazing concept but poor execution. I dislike that it tells me that buttons do things and when i check my controls they are completly diffrent. Also seems setting your own controls does nothing. So far highly dissapointed, hoping this is just some wierd thing i can get past. Also When getting hints it colors certain words which makes it almost impossible to read, not like the hints tell you correct things anyways. I have given up ealry yes, But this game needs a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of work. Maybe in a year it will be ready to buy but not now. This is poorly made, id say and needs more time to nurture gameplay over being historically accurate.   Pardon my♥♥♥♥♥♥spelling.   I would wait, i already got my refund but your welcome to try. Dont forget You can refund with less than 2 hours of gameplay and 14 days into the purcahse."
,Recommended,587450,34103949,Posted: 8 August,all,jennbugie6663,UMMM.... i have a problem when i open saurian i cant click on saurian i cant click on anything at all some one plz help me i really want to play this game
76561198397282297,Not Recommended,587450,34231953,Posted: 14 August,all,The Broxton,unfortunately a budget pc will not run this game.
76561198065750364,Not Recommended,587450,33982198,Posted: 2 August,all,MacaJuki,"Can't recommend it right now and 20 is way too much for what you get, Frame drops and dropping down to 7 Fps on a high end system is not okay. Didn't play much cause even dinosaurs smaller then you can still kill you with one bite. I know this is early access but its hardly playable. I see why they had a hard time getting it through steam."
76561198029589666,Not Recommended,587450,34362187,Posted: 19 August,all,joaq1999,"The graphics look nice but the game is NOT EVEN AN ALPHA STAGE... seriously DO NOT BUY THIS GAME... I might change my opinion in some time if the game actually evolves and becomes good, but now all we have is a dinosaur that can walk around. Honestly you barely do anything, the animation looks poor and there's almost nothing to do."
,Not Recommended,587450,34024738,Posted: 4 August,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Aimless garbage, running at a solid 20 fps."
76561198149581127,Not Recommended,587450,34118247,Posted: 8 August,all,SharkRad,honestly... i wouldn't recommend the game. i would really like to play on something other than 7 to 9 frames and not being able to move at all. really hoped for this game to be good. but it's really not worth it in my opinion.
,Not Recommended,587450,34110511,Posted: 8 August,all,DANALDD,"You have fun for 2-3 hours and thats it, It starts to get boring, Ik this is early acess but I do not recommend it at this state"
,Not Recommended,587450,33992147,Posted: 3 August,all,Sillyddog,"I waited 2 years for this game but right now, it's too buggy i'll request a refund and buy it after there are some optimization fixes."
,Not Recommended,587450,34337651,Posted: 18 August,all,Jacxb,"DO NOT BUY-- Terrible game. Taking into an account that this is an early access game, it is extraordinarily buggy and sluggish with an extreme amount of glitches and crashes. The other dinosaurs are spread so thin it is almost as if you're alone on the island. The dino is hard to manuever with terrible controls, making it almost impossible to take down prey. This is the first game I have ever requested a refund on. 100% would NOT recommend"
,Not Recommended,587450,34053378,Posted: 5 August,all,{AV} Neroes,Ok so the gameplay is a bit boring and I dont know what the hell to do half of the time it just feels like a dino walking sim the game stutters everytime you move I just do not recommend it in its current state.For 20 dollars this game is not worth it I can see this game at 5 to ten dollars at the most. DO NOT BUY AT THIS MOMENT WAIT FOR THE BUGS TO GET SQUASHED AND THE GAMEPLAY REVAMPED AND IT MIGHT BE WORTH A REVISIT.
76561198135959914,Not Recommended,587450,34006850,Posted: 3 August,all,TheDestroyer77123,I dont recommend buying this right now. There is an annoying lag spike every 15 to 20 seconds that makes me want to punch a wall. It screws me over when im in combat. The lag spikes have to be the main thing that kills the game. And I KNOW im not the only person suffering from it. Ive seen alot of youtuber's/friends mention the lag spikes so dont say i have a bad gaming PC or its an only me thing. If i were one of the developers I would fix this in the first or second update. And i know the game is in alpha so dont say ( Uh.. uh.. its in alpha.. uh.. you have to expect problems ) im telling people one of the main problems with the game right now. People dont want to spend their money on a game that has an annoying lag spike every 15 to 20 seconds. But when they fix this I will change the negative review into a positive review because this is one of the only problems with the game right now.
76561198050675631,Recommended,587450,33988050,Posted: 3 August,all,Sgt. ChirpyLycan,"I like this game a lot.I keep in mind that the game is still in early development and while most certainly change as its being updated and more.However it does have pros and consWhile the game is very early in development it has more cons than pros for the time being, don't let this discourge tou if you wish to buy it, however since its only in the early stages for you it may not be the best buy!Pros-It's dinosaurs-You get control of the dino from the first stage in its life, and go from there.Cons- It's a tad laggy but an be fixed in game once playing by reducing the folliage- The attack button doesn't seem to work but drinking and eating does- Graphics maybe a tad out dated but thats to be expected from early development- If you buy, DO NOT GET STEPED ON, instent death as baby dinobesides these the game is pretty great, what may not work for me may work for you guys! good luck and happy dino living!"
76561198358917364,Recommended,587450,33998011,Posted: 3 August,all,Last Laugh,"At the moment Saurian is in a very rough stage. It doesint have very advanced ai (It is very buggy) and many bugs are scatterd through out. However there is still fun to be had. Running around and hunting prey,defending it from pesky archoraptors,just enjoying the graceful animations,taking on a trike. There is a lot of positives and negatives so it really comes down to your personal preference and patience."
76561198009725095,Recommended,587450,33996877,Posted: 3 August,all,andauril,"I have been looking forward to this game for months since I first heard of it, and I was not dissapointed.Ofc the game as it is right now is still pretty basic but it has just been released right now and Early Access has only just began. It has a lot of potential and already is fairly unique with its dedication to realism and scientific accuracy, something you do not see often especially with Dinosaur games.It is an enjoyable experience to play, even if right now food for a Dacotahraptor hatchling can be scarce (but right now everything is subject to change and it adds challenge to the game to find a food source!). There are still some issues such as AI clipping into objects but the game has literally just been released into EA and such thing are to be expected.Overall the amount of details that has gone into the models and the flora and even the sound effects is just amazing and exemplary in my opinion!Also: I do not meet all the recommended specs for the game and I'm able to run the game on Ultra with mostly fluent frame rates (it never dropped below 24 FPS, and most the time the game runs on 30 to 40 FPS!) I'd say for an EA game it's already good optimised, and it will only get better.Overall I was not dissapointed and I have faith that with time this game can become something truly extraordinary. It has all the promise and all the potential, and will only continue to be better. I look forward to see how this game progresses through the course of Early Access."
76561198262139634,Recommended,587450,34007892,Posted: 3 August,all,aeroMummy,"Like many others, I've been watching and waiting to get a taste of this game for awhile now, and I've got to say for the very first release of it, (not including the demo) it has a lot of potential. Of course there are bugs and glitches to be smoothed out, but overall it's great for a first pre-release. The only problems that I've experience so far are the AI, the frequent lag spikes, and sometimes the controls don't always respond on the first try. I'm sure the developers are already aware of these issues and many others and will fix them in the future updates to come. I'm really excited to see this game develop even further, and really admire how much research and thought has gone into it."
76561198051469629,Recommended,587450,33995790,Posted: 3 August,all,WiredrawnMurder,"Spawns in, chases lizard, watches distant parents get hunted by a Pachy.10/10 would watch herbivores rebel again.In all seriousness though, this game is wildly entertaining. As it stands you can only be a Dakotaraptor and the pouncing can be a little irritating; especially when you phase through the ground every so often once your prey is dead (expected this early into pre-alpha release) but all-in-all it's a pretty solid game, which is surprising for a pre-alpha."
76561198116822251,Recommended,587450,33995518,Posted: 3 August,all,Viper Helios,"I have been waiting for this game to game out for so long, Game defiantly recommend to play"
76561198203132024,Recommended,587450,33992167,Posted: 3 August,all,(LoD) Connisaur,"Fantastic environment, science, creatures, and atmosphere.I can't wait to see where the game goes <3"
76561198161720096,Recommended,587450,34004962,Posted: 3 August,all,autreymg,PLEASE RELEASE FOR MAC SOON
76561198192610645,Recommended,587450,34002665,Posted: 3 August,all,Piqeon,I have waited for this game for 2 years and it was more than worth it! As far as an early access game goes it seems pretty stable. So far it hasn't crashed on me. I recomend it to anyone who likes animals or more specifically prehistoric flora and fauna. Keep in mind that performance and playablity is still being worked on and right now you need a rather beefy pc to play it.
76561198383292673,Recommended,587450,34078375,Posted: 7 August,all,spiegelkaiju,"This game is very good. While it doesn't offer endless fun at the stage it's at, while you do play it it is very fun. Great graphics and the accuracy is brilliant. Visually stunning, it makes up for the bugs that are to be expected at this stage. Additionally, it does have limited gameplay but only in the sense that upon reaching a certain stage there is no reason to progress and the game can get a bit repetitive after that. Until that point, it is a very good and well-rounded game, especially for an EA game."
,Recommended,587450,34073408,Posted: 6 August,all,BioticGrenade,"As expected, Saurian is lacking much of its full content due to the fact that it is early access. There is still a lot to come in the future that will make the game far more entertaining. As of now, you are only able to play as a Dakotaraptor hatchling, fending for yourself from the moment you come into the game. Hunting can be entertaining, though there is not much you can eat, especially when you're younger. Bugs are existent, but I haven't come across any that really affect gameplay. I am enjoying it so far. I wasn't sure what to do at first but the guides that are up right now are very helpful and I strongly recommend reading them before you start. Honestly, if you want more content, wait until there are more updates or when the full version comes out, but if you really want to play it, the $20 will be worth it later on."
76561198136636344,Recommended,587450,33985362,Posted: 2 August,all,TornadoOfTerror,"The game is definitely worth a buy if you like dinosaurs.  However in its current state the game has only got a few hours of gameplay max.  The first hour or two is really fun, but then drops off from there.  The game hitches and freezes if you're sprinting in a direction and when the plants are covered in shadows it makes them look really ugly.  This is especially bad at night where it's already difficult to see.  In terms of gameplay there are definitely issues, many of the dinosaurs bug out, and the only carnivore that actually hunts is the T. Rex, which after killing something has a chance of bugging out.The time it takes to go from hatchling to adult is just about right in my opinion, but the reward for getting to adult is minimal at best.  The only difference from what I can see between a sub adult and adult dakotaraptor is that the adult kills the same things a bit faster.  To explain it a bit better, after spending two and a half hours of time progressing, I tried to kill a triceratops as a sub adult.  Quickly realized i was going to take forever to kill it, if I was even damaging it at all.  Another half an hour or so and I'm now an adult, I try to kill a trike and get one shot, which makes sense, but on my second try I hopped into the trike and stayed there biting at it for about 8-12 seconds, which is quite a while (it only takes 2 secondsd to kill a pachy as an adult if you jump on it, for comparison.) Basically the current form of dakotaraptor means that after getting to 5 years old, you have experienced the game, taking out a trike is practically impossible right now, especially as the trike's hit box is completely F*****, and it is a one shot kill.The game is very buggy right now as to be expected, and the devs seem to be pretty good.  The core elements of the game seem to be here, as when I first fought a crocodile, with the music in the background and the crocodiles jaws passing inches away from me, it felt amazing.  I hope that the final game has more moments like this.A solid 7/10 for the first 2-3 hours, after that though the game quickly gets stale, if you don't like that then I recommend waiting a good few months at least before coming back."
,Not Recommended,587450,33982517,Posted: 2 August,all,Sazuzaki,"I love this game. I already have 20 hours on it. But as of now, I can't recommend this game. The controls need improvment, the game needs optimization, and the camera resets every 2 seconds when going down a SUPER small hill. The AI is very disappointing, always running into trees wwhen being hunted. And the Tyranosaurus Rex is only out to kill everything. More like a monster than a animal. I hope the devs continue to improve the game, cause right now, its no-where near worth $20"
76561198058699167,Not Recommended,587450,33983898,Posted: 2 August,all,Adoring Fan,"The game shows a lot of promise and potential, but I don't think it was ready for Early Access release in it's very early and buggy state. The game feels like it's only bones at the moment. Which're very brittle. With no meat. Very little in terms of content, and a single playable dinosaur which doesn't have some of it's features implemented.The game still needs considerable development before I reccomend it for purchase. I certainly do trust the developers to complete the game, but this IS early access. Don't put any money into this yet until it either has gotten considerably more development completed, or if your a diehard dinosaur fan."
76561198391147482,Recommended,587450,34223836,Posted: 13 August,all,Normal Lara,"I was  so happy when i was able to get this game but on my computer its so buggy I Will keep the game but keep working on making it less buggy for all computers , latops , etc. I DO RECOMMEND THIS BUT...Make sure you have  the correct gaming computer."
,Recommended,587450,34244369,Posted: 14 August,all,PilgrimDragon,"Only played the game for a few hours but so far I am loving it :D The graphics are lovely, the game runs smoothly most of the time (bearing in mind Early Access) and the dinosaurs are fantastic to look at. The game, for me, has serious promise and I can not wait to see it when it's fully developed. Excited!"
,Recommended,587450,33982687,Posted: 2 August,all,DilophoYT,"This review includes SAURIAN vs THE ISLE, PROS & CONS, and more.Pros~Fun and engageingAge meter and progressionNice dinosaur modelsYou can sleep- and at any timeWhen you die you only lose a bit of age, you can just pick your life right back up!Cons~Gotta have a good-side gaming computerHard to keep up with your mother-saurMother-saur takes almost no care of you- high chance of starvation at Age 0Takes a while to loadNeeds better tutorial for RPR, and maybe a practice time where you won't die to figure it outThe AI Dakotaraptor often don't notice me, or make the threat movement then walk off and ignore meRight now I DO recommend this, IK I put lots of cons but it is very fun and I love it! It will get better as it gets updates, it is very playable and enjoyable NOW though. I can't play this game for a whole hour, I can play it for much of one but it gets a little tiring.It is much better than The Isle, I think.Saurian vs The IsleThe Isle:In the Isle the maps are so huge, and it is multiplayer, so you often starve. The point system is horrid on the Isle. The Isle can be really rather dull at a lot of times, just sitting, with a broken leg that you have to wait 10 mins to an HOUR for it to heal, or just walking looking for food & drink, or simply sitting building stamina or progression points. In the Isle server menu, you have to get these strange 'mod' things, which is very confusing. I don't want any so I join one of the very few unmodded servers. You also must have the exact mods that any one server has. The Isle does not have visible growing and stages.Saurian:In Saurian the map is fairly easy to learn after a few gos, however the enviroment just does not feel nearly as alive as The Isle's, due to that there is no grass and there is too much prey animals in any given area. There are little lizards that are very common so you have food oppertunitys while small. When adult or subadult, prey animals are abundant. Saurian is a lot more engaging, I find. Even though hunting can be tiring and frustrating, it is not dull. Unlike the Isle, you at least can attempt to hunt; there is plentiful food. There is little time spent being still. Saurian is singleplayer, which Ilove. Think about it- no hackers, no KOSers, no revenge killers. Saurian so far does not have a point system, if, or not, it gets one, I will add it to this review here.Expected Hours in Current Game State: 15, maybe more depending on what your territory & interest is like.Thanks for reading another Dilopho review!Youtube.com/c/DilophoYT"
,Not Recommended,587450,35320489,Posted: 29 September,all,HydroQuarintine,seems like a good game but cant recomend cause even on lowest everything i get 20 fps with stutteringi have refunded the game but will rebuy it when it is more stable and has more content
76561198321862031,Recommended,587450,35485952,Posted: 4 October,all,Thatguy,"This game is like a dream come true. The scientific accuracy really draws me in. Also the game can be educational, as well. I now know more about the fauna and flora of Hell Creek 66 million years ago. My only complaints are the slow release of updates. It seemed like a new update was coming out every month and now it appears to have slowed greatly. I paid the money, I can't help but want an idea of when the next feature will be added. I love what Urvogel is doing here, though. I will support it."
76561198428258123,Recommended,587450,35494463,Posted: 5 October,all,om-yazn,why the movemnt of dinosaurs is slow ?
76561198028253457,Recommended,587450,35507084,Posted: 5 October,all,Dreamliss,"I don't usually buy early-access, but this time, I did wholeheartedly. I am thrilled to support the developers of this game, even at an early stage. As a paleontology geek-and-gamer combo, I've been dreaming of playing a realistic, open world, dinosaur survival game for a long, long time. Tell me you're working with paleontologists to create a realistic world and I'll tell you I love you. Have I done that yet? I love you guys. XDIn pre-alpha, bugs come with the territory, so if you're interested in those, check out one of the other reviews. I'm feeling pretty optomistic about Saurian. The developers release patches frequently and seem to have an ear to the ground within their community, so I'm happy.What I'm looking forward to:-This game in its completion in general.-Playing the other dinosaur species (really looking forward to trying a herbivore).-A rich, world as true as possible (within reason) to the Late Cretaceous period.-Survival and exploration gameplay.-More animations and sound effects.-Smoother rendering.What I'd like to see:-A few more food items for young raptors. Insects, maybe a couple other little lizards (whatever else was skittering around Hell Creek). I LOVE the addition of shore birds. I've had a lot of fun figuring out tactics to catch them. Forest birds might be nice.-Carrion. I think I've stumbled on carrion once...maybe. So I wasn't sure if it was an accident or a feature. Scenting out some carrion on occasion would be quite a boon for the intrepid young Saurian. Also, a large carcass could become a dangerous draw for competing predators.-More sounds! I wished the buzzing of flies meant carrion was nearby, or that there is an edible bug somewhere. The ability to growl, roar, hiss or ""call"" would be a nice touch for immersion too, even if it didn't have an effect on gameplay.-Stalking. I'd love to be able to prowl while I'm hunting. Maybe I've missed it somehow, if it's already in there.Can't wait for the next update!Note: I'll update this post in the future if I have more feedback. Thanks guys!"
