user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197985072747,Recommended,587920,30496755,Posted: 13 March,all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Genre - 2D Survival Roguelike HorrorThis is my first impression of Early Access. 30 minutes and dead.I got this game today with a small discount as it has the Evil Dead License and looked quite a nifty little game. The art style is an origami based horror.You wander around a haunted house salvaging what you can from the various furniture items in the background. You will get such things as a torch, shotgun, machine gun, medi kit, flare sledgehammer, axe etc. All the Zombie killing tropes are satisfied here.There are chandeliers that will fall on you doing 3 dmg, when you can only take 10 dmg, these will be painful (pretty much the reason I died). I found my first fellow survivor who will follow you around and will allow you to equip items.You have a main questline. As Ash it was to find Evil Ash and not die (which I failed by dying), although I seemed to be getting close. The foes I encountered were zombies, skeletons and clowns. There are a lot of items to get although medikits seemed rare.At the moment there doesn't appear to be a clear save function as I assume it is going roguelike. Although it might be nice to have one if you want a break. Also other survivors lends its way to a co-op mode that isn't currently there, even if it was just local. Although online would double this games appeal. Also there are no achievements, and we all (mostly) love achievements.As an early build this game is already fun and has loads of potential so it gets a thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,587920,35054244,Posted: 18 September,all,Triumph,"Just wanted to post this while the game is on sale still and just got an Evil dead update. This is a pretty cool and fun gme that is a time killing roguelite where you choose a character and try to make it through a level alive avoiding traps and finding survivors.  You can contorl the survivors together with your main as a group, and switch control for lead between them. It could be alittle confusing at first but only for a moment, till you get the gist of it, like attacking effectively between lead and followers. The items are random, same with traps enemies and room layout. I've used the contorller, dunno how the  mouse and kb hold up, but it's pretty smooth with the controller. There is an ultrawide setting, but it cropped out the top/bottom portions of the UI which made it tough assigning items so I had to switch back to 16:9. It's in EA though so to be expected. While it's 5 dollars it's definitely a steal. Still worth it at 10 too imo."
76561198134811176,Recommended,587920,30500897,Posted: 13 March,all,Natoriouspig,"Just completed my first playthrough on the first try. This game is extremely fun, and has a lot of potential. Basically, so far, you are given a mission that you have to complete by going through the mansion, picking up machine guns, rifles, shotguns, flare guns, and an assortment of other ranged and melee weapons. An interesting but hard to control mechanic is that you can 'rescue' two people in the house that will aid in your battle. The problem with this is that they follow close behind you but you cannot control their movement. This makes giving them a melee weapon basically useless, as they will take damage because they wont be able to move away. This means that you will end up giving them the guns and you having to slowly melee your way through the mansion, not that thats a big inconvenience. The monsters are classic: skeletons, bats, and zombies. Although they are basic they can be a pain to put down, especially with melee weapons. I would like to see scarier monsters in future update, and maybe some more movie tie-ins. Overall a fun that reminds me of old school slow paced survival horror like alone in the dark."
76561198118648945,Recommended,587920,33240602,Posted: 4 July,all,Dave Microwave,"A fun sidescrolling action game with a cool spooky atmosphere.Pros: Killing things in this game is satisfying as hell. Bash their brains in and shoot em all up.Kinda short atm, in about 6 hours I finished all the missions.The missions are pretty fun and diverse.Has a small but good variety of areas, weapons and enemies atm.Cons: When you die you have to restart the whole level. This is a problem for people who arenew to this game, as they will die a lot in their first two hours into the game.The gameplay is a bit repetitive. Search things, kill things, explore, finish the mission, andleave the mansion.Overall, I give it 8 skeletons out of 10. I can see this game being a classic in the future. I really think you should buy it. It's only 7 dollars!Suggestions: Maybe add checkpoints and add more objective, enemy, area and weapon variety."
76561197983301475,Recommended,587920,35033549,Posted: 17 September,all,RabidUrko,"Ace artstyle and hilarious comedy horror gameplay.The way it is designed is loads of fun, with lots of replayability from randomly created scenarios.Horror film references abound and oozes atmosphere.A great casual game.I would say that the overall gameplay while fun will need far more interaction for the full release, just searching things while exploring and using the weapons on enemies to complete a quest i feel isnt enough, but i realise it is Early Access."
76561198171298062,Recommended,587920,35190554,Posted: 24 September,all,aarontaylor1243,"Played at EGX 2017 and loved it so I came home and brought the game for myself and really love it, one thing that could be improved is the sensitivity on controllers."
,Recommended,587920,35225330,Posted: 26 September,all,Michael Lucas Engan,"Great gameplay. Lots of suspense. The different ""missions"" that characters have are great fun.I can't seem to figure out how to do a few things though... The game really doesn't explain these things well:How do you unlock the locked characters? Why isn't there a check-box or something next to the missions so you know which ones you have done? Why is there no description of what the characters specials are? The specials have names in the inventory menu, but it explains nothing, so you're left with having to try them out to see what they are, and not even then do you always understand what just happened....But as a composer, the biggest downer from this game for me is that you can't seperate music and SFX. I don't think I've seen a game in recent time which doesn't have this option!"
76561198064916756,Recommended,587920,30501914,Posted: 13 March,all,Ronoc,Bought this game because the Evil Dead movies are some of the best horror movies ever made and you can play as ash and it looked like cool game to. Played one level died trying to master keyboard and mouse controls switched to controller much easier if useing keyboard and mouse I would remap keys not sure if you can. Managed to escape on second go all in all this game is good but after a few updates and hopefully multiplayer this game could be excellent.
,Recommended,587920,30500121,Posted: 13 March,all,Stormknight,"Neat looking game, with a quirky graphics style. Reminded me slightly of a more modern day Darkest Dungeon, except this isn't turn based - it's real time, which works pretty well.I started off as Ash (who wouldn't?) and fought my way past several undead with my trusty boomstick, before it ran out of ammo. Uh oh. Well, I'd found a fire axe and a crowbar, so I could melee further undead - this requires decent timing to move forwards, strike (hope you proc a knockback) and withdraw until you're ready to swing again.Pretty quickly though I found a pistol, rifle and SMG, along with just enough ammo to keep me going.Also, I rescued two other people, who travel with me on my quest to kill Evil Ash.This gets pretty neat, because now you can equip all 3 characters and activate their weapons using the keys Q, W or E.""Hey, Evil Ash!"" *boomstick* *rifle-shot* *continuous SMG fire*""Uh huh, that's what I thought, ♥♥♥♥♥!""Quest successful, it's then a case of fighting a way back out of the haunted house (new monsters spawn) and done!Yup, finished it first go, without too much difficulty.I may have been very lucky? Dunno.Not sure on the longevity of the game though, but it's early access, so I'm hoping they'll keep adding to it.Would be nice if there was some sort of cut scene / ending appropriate to the character when you complete - would add incentive to complete with the variety of different characters. :)Overall, thumbs up - took me bang on 30 mins to play through."
,Recommended,587920,33662958,Posted: 19 July,all,RedMonkey1993,love this so much imlike being ash but its hard to move 3 guys at once co-op would be nice besides that i love it
,Recommended,587920,30501521,Posted: 13 March,all,KyleKidd,"First Impression Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYJClhY0vjk&list=PL0ChqurHdrD4GDyzfEWF1egV0jL1CVSbq&index=24Reviewing early access games can be difficult, because you need to get the feel of the game how it is in its current state, but also keep into consideration as to how the game can turn out.  Well as far as Phantom Halls goes, in its current state, it can still pass for a full playable game.The game plays as a 2d shooter/melee adventure game, where the point is to navigate a haunted house as various characters and achevie character specific goals.   Other playable characters can sometimes be found during play, allowing you to have up to 3 persons per party.  You can kill a variety of typical haunted house type monsters, such as bats, zombies, evil clowns, spiders, etc.  Loot can be found by checing various furnature peices throughout the house.  Once you complete you main quest, you need to escape from the mansion in order to win.PROS-Fun gameplay-Decent price-Great soundtrack and audio in general-Awesome graphics-Good replayablity-Decent enemy varietyCONS-Control scheme can be a bit confusing / hard to get used to-Wish I could rebind my main characters use ability to mouse click (but currently cannot)-Currently no multiplay (this game would be awesome with multiplayer)"
,Recommended,587920,34676923,Posted: 1 September,all,ashley_au,Groovy
,Not Recommended,587920,35276611,Posted: 28 September,all,Jokah,"I want to say yes. But I can't. I seriously can't.I played the game at EGX and I loved the concept, but found the execution to be flawed. Paying for it and only having done the Evil Dead 2 content (Ash), all the flaws become ever more excacerbated.The options, at best, are good enough. For some reason FXAA is a slider and is constantly off leaving only SSAO.Gameplay is simple - choose a character and objective, go achieve it. Each character has an ability which isn't shown until you're in game and look in the inventory. A neat little encyclopedia for each enemy detailing stats and their abilities would be nice, but I feel that the game shouldn't even go down that route.Phantom Halls feels like its trying to be an old timer, a classic horror and a modern horror at the same time. Simplistic sidescroller gameplay combined with multiple weapons and a basic 3D design do not combine well.I would recommend the following:1. Ditch the action-adventure component. Reduce ammo drops and eliminate weapons like the SMG. Introduce mechanics that make firearms a less reliable weapon and make melee weapons more fragile to emphasize a more horror-esque system. A simple stealth mechanic similar to a game I can't remember the name of (you have to make time move forward whilst avoiding enemies in a randomly generated house) would encourage the horror aspect.2. Take it on wholly. More enemies, more guns and ammo, quicker and longer lasting melee weapons. Ability to barricade doors as well as damage them. Healing items and potentially lengthen the gameplay to encourage more gameplay.Finaly, I have one main concern - long-term enjoyment for the player. There's currently 10 characters with another 3 locked off for a total of 13 characters with between 1 to 3 different objectives for each one. Gameplay lasts for around 10 - 15 minutes, and even at best going for 39 plays, that's only around 505 minutes - 9 hours of repetitive gameplay with no long-term goal. You don't EARN anything but 'congratulations, you won"".I truly want this to succeed, but I want the developers to know currently their game feels fairly empty right now and they'd ought to fill it with ways to improve gameplay and longevity before worrying about partnerships like Evil Dead 2 unless it benefits them in some way besides spreading the word."
76561197968608501,Recommended,587920,30623495,Posted: 19 March,all,Sam0Rabbit,"I really like the game, and it is a lot of fun, and scary too for a ♥♥♥♥♥ like me :DI ended up making a funny moments of my first play with the nerd :)You can check that out here if you wanthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgxNGpNcQ-k&t=25s"
76561198355611316,Recommended,587920,31067791,Posted: 10 April,all,////Pyro////,this game is fecking brilliant
,Not Recommended,587920,31851044,Posted: 19 May,all,Syntax Terror,"despite being early access, this game gets real boring and repetitive quickly. The developers need to expand on gameplay in general. I will revisit this when it is released to give it another shot"
76561197967070224,Not Recommended,587920,30564360,Posted: 17 March,all,Darkstar,"I play many early access games and like to think that i give them the leniancy they deserve as they are not finished. This game however has almost no potential. All you do is slowly walk through repetitive corridors pressing shoot when you see an enemy or search when you see an object. Worst of all is that when you reach the end of the hallway you have to slowly walk back through the now empty area in order to reach the next floor. The only way i see myself enjoying this game is if they completely overhaul the gameplay. The graphic design is the best part, but bad animations ruin that for me as well. i also didn't see any roguelike or RPG aspects which is a bummer, because that could have made it slightly more enjoyable. as it stands this is the worst game i have played in years."
,Not Recommended,587920,33186855,Posted: 3 July,all,Voidfox,"Early Access Alert:Opinion is subject to change during development.Worth It? NOT YETFIRST IMPRESSIONS MATTER(After struggling with the control scheme and overall repetitive, boring gameplay, I lost all desire to continue playing, hence the low play time.)LIKESCharming paper-craft aestheticEvil Dead ""Ash"" character tie-in is radDISLIKESControls are cumbersome on keyboard/mouse, feels a bit better using controllerCombat consists of spamming one buttonEnemies are one-dimensionalAnimations are rigidPacing is slowThe Final WordEarly impressions are everything and unfortunately Phantom Halls could not deliver. After initially enjoying the paper-craft aesthetics, it became clear Phantom Halls still needed a lot of work at this point in Early Access; a risk of playing games in active development.Boring, repetitive gameplay and clunky controls are at the heart of my overall sour experience. Navigating the halls of a randomly generated mansion feels the same every time as you fight the same enemies, search the same drawers, and open the same doors. The game supports active combat but feels cheap, light, and un-impactful.Searching for gear is heavily RNG-based, which is fine, but standing even a small chance against certain enemies will require a fire-arm, and if you don't find one early on you might as well restart. The exploding bugs were the main cause of my frustration -- blowing up in your face within melee range forces you to take them out from a distance -- damn near impossible without a gun.Still, it's early days and the developers could turn this around. As of the date of this review, it's merely a phantom of its own idea.Read the Full Mini-Review"
,Not Recommended,587920,35140661,Posted: 22 September,all,LeftyCretin,"I'm sorry, I've seen ""game""...this is no ""game""- Jontron"
76561197982184019,Recommended,587920,30549273,Posted: 16 March,all,LakLuster,"Update: The additional updates have been exactly what the game needs. More challenge and traps from each room making the journey through the mansion much more tense. I'd say the controls are a bit awkward (moving with A and D while attacking with Q W E) and the back tracking through empty spaces kills a bit of the fun, but I can safely say it's enjoyable as it is and headed in the right direction!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I hope they plan on doing some major updates because right now it's incredibly slow paced, extremely dull with many empty areas, and finally it's extremely easy for a rogue-like game.The hardest part is convincing yourself it's worth slowly walking through rooms to complete mundane objectives while finding locked doors forcing you to slowly walk back through all the rooms you went through that are now empty if there were any enemies in them to begin with. They also overload you with equipment so nothing ever feels like a threat... the only time I ever really take damage is from falling chandeliers.Basically, it's boring and there's a major lack of action... the complete opposite of Evil Dead."
76561197993793933,Recommended,587920,35190441,Posted: 24 September,all,DerVikingSpiel,"Nearly 5 hours of play, having a blast. Looking forward to future fixes and content updates. Some levels seem painfully under-resourced for items and weapons, but this is rare. Definitely recommend giving it a go, it's a charming little romp for any fan of haunted houses and horror. And, of course, now there's Ash and the Cabin!"
