user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,588210,30154541,Posted: 24 February,all,TronTheNoob,"This game has more bugs in it than a steroid infused anthill.You will only be able to play this game about a third of the times you try to launch it.You will need to validate files approximately eighteen thousand multiplied by ten to the power of nine hundred and eighty-four times.You will yell at your frozen screen with crash-infused rage.You will wonder what ♥♥♥♥ing button you press to turn the damn gravity back on.So why is this review positive?Because the game is nothing short of magical.The first time I was pushed out the airlock of my space dingy into the endless void, I shed a tear. Because by ♥♥♥♥ I felt like George Clooney in Gravity.I have never experienced a greater feeling in all of gaming than that first time I depressurized my ships airlock, stepped inside, closed the door with 30 seconds of oxygen left (it took me a while to figure out how to turn on the jetpack) and repressurized the chamber. Hearing sound slowly return to the tiny room as oxygen was pumped in was like music.I would not recommend this to anyone looking for a consistent gaming experience in its current state. But if you grew up on Asiimov, Reynolds, Niven, Lucas, and Roddenberry, then you MUST buy this game."
76561198048035548,Recommended,588210,30376425,Posted: 7 March,all,Kebab_masterrace,"I joined a server and decided to spawn in a random outpost. Found a rifle in an engineering bay, some ammo nearby, and a full EVA suit in one of the airlocks. Decided that i'd rather explore space than the station so i exited through the airlock to see if i could find a ship. Luckily there was a ship only about ~200m away so i flew there with my jetpack.When approached the airlock i noticed that the interior door was open which meant that there was possibly someone aboard, so i readied my rifle as the airlock cycled.When i was inside the airlock and decided to open the inner door i heard another door moving and realized that there was definetely someone else there. I floated upside down from the airlock to the main room of the ship, and fell on my head, dropping the rifle in the process. I frantically searched the floor for it but i couldn't find it, all this happened as the owner of the ship watched through the windows of the locked cockpit door.We looked at each other for a second and i decided to go down to the cargo bay in case he had a rifle there, but all i found was a drill with some batteries and storage. I went back up and flashed my newly aqquired weapon just to let the captain know that i was armed, and he in turn showed me that he was armed with a rifle. He opened the door and backed me into a corner when he realized that i was trying to steal from him.Then he just walked away to the cargo lift for some reason and stood there, so i seized the moment and ran into the cockpit locking the door behind me. I turned around to taunt him and noticed that he was opening all of the modules and taking them away. I was now stranded in a ship with no working parts, maybe the pirate life isn't something for me."
,Recommended,588210,33103674,Posted: 1 July,all,ffredyk [CZ],"Hour 1-3 - killing myself in vacuumHour 3-5 - killing myself bumping into objectsHour 5-10 - grinding everything i can find in my outpost and nearby derelict into my ship, then dying from lack of oxygen in suitHour 10-11 - killing myself jumping from ship during warpHour 11-13 - killing myself crashing into planet during warpHour 14 - dying from boredom during 30 minutes warpsHour 15 - killing myself bumping into asteroidHour 15-18 - killing myself trying to get raw resources back to the outpost (mainly suffocate)Hour 18-20 - trying to find out how to find more modulesHour 20-22 - getting killed by rogue modulesHour 23 - getting owned by a hungry player that have found my cryopodHour 24 - found a new bug, lost a ship, died alone in voidHour 25 - NEW UPDATE! Lost everything I've hoarded (14 stimpaks, 34 small canisters, 5 rifles, 10 mags, 12 batteries) so hard in the last 20 hours.Hour 26 - Killed by base ventilationHour 27 - Killed when docking airlock, lack of oxygenHour 28 - Killed by opening airlock from the other (pressurized) sideHour 29 - Found 3 AP grenades, tried out one, bad ideaHour 30 - I was told there were new sounds for void suffocation, tried outHour 31-33 - Found a turret at BrokenMarble station. Annihilated by trying to steal itHour 34 - Picked up a turret, then died in 3s from lack of oxygen, turret lost due to bugHour 35 - Found a station that had weird orbit and I've transformed into ash at periapsisHour 36 - Found players' made fight club. The only requirement was a crowbar, I had 3, so I got volunteerely bashed to death repeatedly by crowbarsHour 37 - The fist round has begunHour 38 - Angry player hunted me down, when I sent a msg telling all the players that I just found a 6th generator module in a row, he was successfulHour 39 - Lost everything again, the hunter was a ♥♥♥♥♥ and waited till I unlocked bridge on my ship, bashed me with crowbar and directed my ship's warp into a planetHour 40 - Found a refueling station, where 7 players immediately entered my ship's airlock.They refused to leave so I warped into custom orbit somewhere in space. I told them that I will let them into my outpost, if they exit the airlock so I can get outside. They did believe me, so I opened the outpost, got them inside the first corridor and told them to wait till the air generator system flows enough air into the room as I use it as an airlock (cause I have my outpost grabbed to my ship at all times), when at 0.8 pressure, I opened the outter door, everyone got canoneered into void and I happily warped back laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off10/10 will continue to kill myself happily"
76561197999279548,Recommended,588210,31524796,Posted: 3 May,all,tjsparan,"I am an ""old"" gamer who has played many games since the earliest ""pong"" games arrived in the late 70's!I am a big simulation fan, science fiction fan, science fan and heavy computer enthusiast.I think this ""game"" is incredible, the realism it is attempting is beyond almost every game I have enjoyed over the years.I appreciate the detail and the physics the developers have modeled in this game-it seems real!I also like ""No Man's Sky"" (don't attack me--here me out) because I can release some stress from working all day and dealing with my own customers.I think the 2 games are extremes of each other...one is fantasy (almost silly at times) and the other is ""hardcore""science.Although I am impressed with the visuals and mechanics of Hellion, and I know this is ""Alpha"", I can't say this is fun--yet.I think a game should have some element of fun and help me to unwind from the challenges of life.I like to win and succeed and ""acomplish"" something in my hero fantasy reality.I am not trying to train for the military or to become a NASA astronaut, I am just a 60 year old guy who wants a little fantasy after a hard day at running a computer business in New Jersey.I am NOT knocking this game and I am not asking for mindless ""pong"" again!What I suggest to the developers (and I support you) is allow a less than realistic physics model to be used when desired.In other words, what if a ""realism slider"" or a ""game mode"" were incorporated into the game for those days that I don't have the skill or energy to be Neil Armstrong?Being this is supposed to be set in the future, could you incorporate some kind of fictional space flight assist technology to help with docking in the space walks?In its' current form, although realistic, I find the zero-G EVA's are frustrating and exteremly difficult, even the rapid depletion of oxagen could be ""toned down"". (another slider?)I believe you would get more followers, more purchases and stronger support if you would allow some fantasy physics into your model.My flight simulators allow it, and I have eventually gone ""full realism"" once I felt I needed more of a challenge.Shouldn't gaming also be fun?Keep up the incredible work...Sincerely,Tom"
,Not Recommended,588210,31680654,Posted: 11 May,all,Dr. Novikov,"I wish there was a demo. The game has potential, but I do not recommend buying it in its current state for its rather big price. Worth checking in 6 months though.FFS, Steam, why can't users write neutral reviews?!"
,Not Recommended,588210,30242135,Posted: 28 February,all,tootboots,"I wish Steam gave the option to ~sort of~ recommend a game, rather than a yes/no./// Short Version:Hellion isn't currently very playable. If you want to bug-test for $25, get it./// Long Version:Hellion is a fun concept: Survival PvP in space where you have to fly around a solar system and loot/pillage/mine to survive. You can build up a small cache of weapons for you and your friends and then hunt for other players and take what they have, all within an actual Newtonian Physics-using engine. There's also a base building aspect to it all. That's a cool idea.Implementation is something different.I encountered one player by complete accident (I figured out, via the scanner, what pattern of objects constitutes a player spawn), docked at his base, walked inside with a rifle, fired four rounds from my weirdo potato gun and he proceeded to do a Jean-Claude Van Damme power-split on the ground. That was my only indication he died. He also had no way to defend himself and the loot I took from his base was essentially worthless because I already had better via scavenging. If I was a total jerk, I could have also voided the atmosphere in his cryochamber and griefed him eternally, making him die on respawn. The game would let me do that.Base-building is exceedingly tedious due to the incredible amount of bugs with the flight engine. We're talking massive amounts of rubberbanding (which only got worse with the patch), RCS not firing or firing at the wrong times, a cumbersome and all-around awful navigation system, dock-glitching sending you and your grappled module spinning 360 over and over and over which causes objects in your cargo bay to clip out of your ship and sail off into the universe, the scanning system being inaccurate and causing your FPS to crater because of the absurd amount of particle effects it generates, etc.Not being able to use 'Match Velocity', or even your ship's main engines, are a major drawback. You're basically playing with your warp drive, your RCS, and a stress ball, because nothing else works and has been disabled by the devs. If you manage to dock anything in the current build, you're probably a god at Jenga, too.Altogether, Hellion is a pretty little mess. The graphics and atmosphere are stellar, but virtually everything else about the game is not working or ill-thought out. The PvP side appears to be an afterthought, it's going to require a major revamp along with the navigation system. All of this without even mentioning the smaller bugs, of which there are plenty.I believe in the devs, they seem like nice people who really want to make the game work, and I'm going to stick around and keep submitting bug reports that get me yelled at by stuffy elitists. But Hellion, as it stands, is more of a tech demo than a game. It's a proof of concept. I hope that changes, but right now it's going to require about a year of further development before I could recommend this to anyone."
76561198060128943,Recommended,588210,30207718,Posted: 26 February,all,Lost Pup,"There's been 3 updates from the time of writing this review to now editing 04/MAR/2017, take it with a grain of salt.""The controls are BAD""""The game's too hard""""FTL takes too long""""Automate my docking because I suck"" may have changed this one alittle.All of the above statements are from people complaining on the forums and whining in their reviews, I however say none of these things. The controls in this game are ♥♥♥♥ing spot on and I love them, this game is hard and it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, the FTL takes time to get you from A to B because it's tried to be as realistic as it can and it's not going to magically hop you from point A to point B instantly like some games AKA Elite Dangerous/Space Engineers. Docking doesn't need to be automated you just need to slow down and not suck.This game works great, the only bugs i'm encountering are some UI issues which typically are solved by relogging and colision issues. Infact allot of the ""Bugs"" people have said, aren't bugs. my friend and I did something amaizing, we played the game and we worked out how it works. Within no time (a few hours and many fun deaths) we had the airlock docked, the ship up and operational, everything sorted out and we were out looting and jumping around but still people were complaining ""This doesn't work"" ""This takes too long"" This game wont hold your hand and i hope it never does because thats what makes this game WORTH IT!.My message to the whiners.To everyone complaining about unresponsive or over reactive RCS, play on a lower ping server or get better internet. i play on a 25ping server in myown country and there's bugger all if any delay, what i find is it doens't just counter instantly as the RCS has to actually fire the perpellant and start to counter the movement that's already happening so what you think is unresponsive is just it fighting the movement of the ship before doing what you want it to do. and for over reactive controls, you're just holding down the button while it's countering and when it stops countering and starts moving again you think it's over reacting because you haven't modulated the RCS properly. You can't do this at a million miles an hour, slow and steady don't rush it or you'll bump your station into a sun.To everyone complaining about FTL taking too long, Get the ♥♥♥♥ over it this is how it's designed to work if you don't like it go play Elite Dangerous or Eve and let this game be developed how the developers want to develop the damn thing and let US enjoy it. Hell if you're bored load up a youtube video or even a tutorial so you can suck less at the other aspects of this game.To people complaining about docking being too hard, it's simple. Slow the ♥♥♥♥ down, the procedure is already automated. align the ship or module with the port, bring it in nice and slow and if you're aligned properly when you're about 5/10m out from the port the computer takes over and docks you. you don't need milimeter percision you just need to not rush this♥♥♥♥♥♥like everything else you play.Also to people who want auto docking, a hallway isn't going to come equipt with state of the art docking computers it has basic RCS systems onboard to be docked because otherwise it'd be too expensive to manifacture (from a lore perspective) I would understand only if this was equipt to ships but not some random section of hallway or an airlock they're not ment for constant docking and undocking like ships are, that is why they have manual systems and not automated docking systems.Refunds!, You're actually stupid right? you bought into a pre-alpha game that has a large warning when ever you open the game that you must close to continue playing, do you not know how to read?. you knew how much time you had to refund it, you missed it so tough♥♥♥♥♥♥I want to thank the devs for releasing this into earlie access and giving me the chance to experance this, myself and two friends are loving this game and we hope it gets better and more indepth, last thing i want is this game to be dumbed down because some 14 year old is too used to Space Engineers and doesn't have the brains to work something out for himself."
,Recommended,588210,30258907,Posted: 1 March,all,Hiighlander,"Let me be clear, I recommend investing in this game currently; not playing it.It's very new, and being only 4 days with live alpha it is riddled with glitches. But what IS playable is fanatically impressive. It's slow. It's challenging. It's infuriating when things don't line up perfectly. But I'd spend another 14 hours straight hopping from asteroid to asteroid raiding ships and stealing that precious resource: Oxygen. Little bit of PvP and Space-bumper cars. Building up my base with derilect structures and salvaged ships alike. Before finally an elevator flung me into space while I wasn't wearing a helmet. What a way to go. I'm already in love with this game, and I'll be waiting patiently for when it's completed, I'll be faithfully bug-testing to see how many ways a man can die in space."
,Recommended,588210,30151331,Posted: 24 February,all,Menphues,"So I just played 3.1 Hours on release before some sleep!This review is on the day of release and I will update it as the game goes on and updates are released, so this right now is to help anyone on the fence about an EA game!Graphics: The graphics are actually pretty decent and offer a nice apeal to a space game.  They are not amazing or eye watering amazing but they do not have to be and graphics do not make a game amazing, but on that hand these graphics in this game are very very nice to look at! So I would say 8.5 out of 10.Audio: The audio is spot on from the door sounds to floating around and listening to things.  Everything is really really nice with the audio side. 8 out of 10.Control: This is my massive problem and a lot of others too! The control on the character INISDE the ships is fine, little annoying at times but very easy to get used too... It is when you are controlling a ship and floating outside where the controlling becomes a massive massive massive downfall.  Seriously it put me off wanting to float around because of how hard it is to actually get and stop! Huge no for me and I would say an 4 out of 10.Gameplay: So it is a space survival game.  Nothing done like this that I can think about, so a first? Maybe?It took me like 2hours to figure out what I actually had to do, what was what, where is this, where is that, and yet I am still clueless on certian things and some are just horrible to do because of the control of things in space.I have died ALREADY about 6 times and done a few respawns. This game is not messing around and I love it! - Every respawn changes the item quality. So in affect each item quality is random which is good. (Green is best and red is bad)DO NOT FORGET TO PUT YOUR HELMET DOWN... IF yours is up when you press X... I did and wondered why I was going red when I was decompressing the airlock....I have been waiting for this game since it was first announced and honestly it is worth the wait.  My only problem is the controlling but everything else is spot on! Yes, there are some bugs and I am sure they will be fixed!-- So you wake up in a cryo tube basically and must put power to your ship, survive and make sure it is habital and seriously... There is nothing more scary than opening an airlock and forgetting something and then being SUCKED out at speed and be MILES from your ship if you forget to stabalize or something... Scary stuff!I love the level of detail, you literally feel like you are in control of your ship, you are making it work and keeping it going, you have become an engineer and you must fix this.  Seriously this game is a simulation so do not expect a jump in and arcade game because this is not it!The game is also coop! You start off with 2 cryotubes, allowing you to invite another friend! Which is amazing and there is also no limit to how many people can be in your crew! Only the limit of the server on how many it supports! You just need to find the modular to attach and be able to invite your friends straight into spawning on your ship!Something nice is the chat in the game.  You join a server and people are talking, helping and all figuring out together.  I hope this stays from the community and maybe becomes a friendly place to be!Would I recommend this game? Yes without a doubt! I hope the Devs release patch after patch and fix the issues and controlling but otherwise... If you want a totally different survival game where you REALLY have to think and pay attention, focus on managing your stuff then this is the game for you and right now it is EA... Cheap and worth the time because I know I am going to put a lot of time into this!"
76561198048006993,Recommended,588210,30686358,Posted: 23 March,all,1heBlob,"Load game.oooh, nice audio...open pod...Look round....what does this do?what's that?Look inside drawers and storage boxes...Flip up shutter on a cupboard.Oooo, a space helmet in my size!and squirty travel pack thingy....!Fit is snug.My colour too!Now, press some more buttons...Open some panels...Hey, we've got solar POWER!Wonder where that door goes...?Oooo, locked air? air lock?Don't go outside!Float around after pressing wrong button...Hey, a small grate in the floor... or is it the ceiling?Squeeze inside and crawl sideways-y upside downsy...Another grate, open sesame...!Oops, outside....Hmm, lots of *space* ....Oxygen at 40%......Erm, where's the space ship gone?Turn, turn turn....There it is!Go forwards...Oxygen at 15%......Forward, forward - turn, twist, wriggle.....Nope.Not moving forward...***LOW OXYGEN***Odd noises in helmet...?Open helmet.Funny noises stop... for 6 seconds...... then new noise of heart rate increasing due to lack of breathable air....Close mask.Heart rate slows.Funny noises are back.***LOW OXYGEN***Slight panic.I'm going to die out here, alone.... die? die! die...Don't want to hear my own death scream so punch the open helmet button.Oh, pressed 'T' instead of 'X', the squirty travel pack back thingy turned *ON*RCS enabled !Began moving forward !Airlock! Airlock! Go! Go! Go!Inside - door closes - ***LOW OXYGEN***Funny noises - gaspy suffercatory (?) hkkklllerrrr***LOW OXYGEN***   ***LOW OXYGEN***Flip open mask - dive for manual overide - die in silence ......Live, die, repeat !Will play again."
,Recommended,588210,30151769,Posted: 24 February,all,Buttons,"WARNING: HELLION IS BUGGY, BUT THE DEVS ARE VERY RESPONSIVE AND ARE WORKING HARD. UPDATES IMMINENT.This game is like a childhood dream come true. The ability to walk around a ship loading weapons and putting on EVA suits while warping through space to respond to a distress call is enough to make the inner child in me drool. The component system will make you scour the solar system for parts, and the pressure system will take your breath away (literally).This game will be at the top of the Steam charts and it'll be solely due to the vigilance of the Zero Gravity team. Give this game a chance and check out what the devs post here on Steam, and on their website for more infomation.https://www.playhellion.comSide Note: There has been a lot of issues with all sorts of bugs ranging from teleporting items and graphical glitches, to good ol' fashioned desync and server connection issues. The devs have pinned all sorts of problems on their 'bugs' sub-forum here on Steam if you're curious how other people are finding the game.I don't make reviews often, but this game really deserves to be recognised for the gem it really is.Thank you Zero Gravity team, and best of luck!"
76561198013845587,Recommended,588210,30239968,Posted: 28 February,all,:<{FT}>:Mollty,"BUGGY AS ALL HELL, BUT MAN ITS FUN"
76561198294184361,Recommended,588210,30249941,Posted: 28 February,all,Cherokeedog,"If you’re reading reviews in order to decide whether or not to buy this game, you’ll notice one thing: even (most of) the negative reviews end up stating it has a great and unique core concept, a fresh approach, and it has all the chances to become a turning point in the history of survival games and space sims. Ok, maybe not in so many words.The explanation is simple: Hellion aims to deliver the survival experience at its finest. Also, its first steps are definitely on the right track. If you’re a fan of survival games, then this is the one you’ve always craved for. Every breath you take in the world of Hellion feels real. Every mess you make, no matter how small, has consequences you have to deal with and recover from.It’s hardcore. It gives you a vivid and visceral survival experience. From the very beginning, it makes it clear you’re an underdog in a struggle where the odds have already been stacked against you a long time ago. And that has a wonderful result: every little success ends up feeling like a true achievement.Ok, I’d say I’ve praised it enough. From here on I’ll do a quick pros and cons list, just ‘cause…it’s easier to follow. Also, since this is an early access review, I’m going to focus on what makes it stand out from the crowd.Pros:1.	The environments are tightly wrapped around the player and they are highly interactive. You won’t encounter a general management point and click screen. You want to change a part? You have to actually go pick the replacement from the box, take it to where it’s needed, take out the broken one and replace it. You want to go drive your ship? You can choose to sit in the chair or fly standing. You get to interact with every button you see on the console in front of you. It really gets you connected to everything around you.2.	You have a full degree of freedom. It’s not one of those space games that either have you glued to the pilot seat, or ground you and make you look at pretty sci-fi backgrounds with ships flying. You get to experience everything first hand. You get to touch everything and go everywhere. You can move around on foot inside modules with gravity, you can go spacewalking, you can fly a ship. And that ship ain’t just a cockpit with wings. It’s a full size ship with multiple decks and a bunch of systems to control and maintain. You can even move away from the pilot console while the ship is in FTL flight, and go around to prepare for whatever you need to do upon arrival.3.	Everything is realistic. From fully fledged Newtonian physics up to realistic FTL travel times. Yes, one trip to the other side of the system can actually take you a whole hour. Of course, they’ll need to give us something to do in the meantime, but I absolutely love this feature. Untainted immersion.4.	Space. Space stations. Space ships.Cons:1.	It’s a multiplayer pre-alpha. It’s got all the issues a game in this stage usually has: bugs, glitches, lag, limited content, other people. It’s not a miracle. The development team is however dedicated to its work and they’re pushing hard for patches, fixes and updates. Also, it has already some replay value, as it always starts you up with different amounts and quality of resources and problems.2.	Lack of comprehensive guides, both in and out of the game. And they are truly necessary. However, the game’s player base already started to fill that gap.Neutral stuff – as in…stuff that doesn’t fit in any of the two categories above, yet I feel it’s important to mention:1.	Steep. Learning. Curve. I can’t stress this enough, as it’s the main reason the game throws people off. First you have the Newtonian physics, which you actually need to understand for real. Then you have the guidance indicators and markers, which you need to learn how to read. And finally, you have the controls that still require a bit of fine tuning.Conclusion:If you’re the type of person with a short fuse, I’d suggest holding your purchase until a further point in the game’s development.But if you do understand that purchasing an early access game so close to its release, simply means that you’re supporting a project with (in this case) a lot of potential, by all means – please do support it. It’s truly worth it."
,Recommended,588210,30464673,Posted: 11 March,all,dirtzmgirtz,"Amazing game,it has a high learning curve. The amount of skill required before you can grief or take part in the games other activities is just high enough to reward those that sink the time in. The bugs are related to poor server management and high ping. Some bugs have an easy work arond,but if  you're persistent and patient they wont bother you much. The game is one of patience and well thought out plans and courses. Understand that you move from orbit to orbit around celestial bodies and the bulk of what you do is just that. Chasing stuff down in the its orbit. When you figure out how to reliably do this,then the looting/raiding features come into play. This is the real treat. But getting to that point isnt for the casual by any means.If your looking for a half realistic, micro management,player driven, grief ridden, survival based space game,this is the one for you, Dont let the bugs deter you, its an early access and is only irritating if you dont have the patience to work around them.The future is bright with this one"
,Recommended,588210,30227031,Posted: 27 February,all,LestatLestotis,"It is buggy, it is early.It is also quite unique, and what is in place is done pretty well. It has some pretty nice attention to detail from the game mechanics to the sound design, it seems to be a project born of love.Be prepared, newtonian physics are a pain in the @ss and EVA, Docking and flight have a steep learning curve, although when you get the hang of it you feel quite acomplished.The game deserves a chance, support it!"
,Recommended,588210,32689228,Posted: 23 June,all,Austin,"The game is a great concept but it needs quite a bit of work. I am still reccomending it even with all of the bugs in its current state but then again, it is early access so what do you expect? the game is only in alpha  0.2 (just came out today, 6/22/17)"
,Recommended,588210,30255114,Posted: 28 February,all,Dhuran,"Things I like:- They nailed the atmosphere with the visual and audio effects (or lack thereof in some cases!)- Unique life support mechanics, such as having to worry about pressure gradients when opening doors- Operational subsystems for ships/stations that have contributing parts that can be replaced if damaged- Each subsystem can be independantly controlled in some way- Navigating between two objects in similar (hopefully identical) orbits is fun and challenging- Using warp as a way to do orbital manuevers that would otherwise be impossible (like radically changing it's inclination) is neat- Interfaces are worked into ships and stations, and objects are interacted with directlyThings I don't like (not counting bugs and issues since this is not a bug report):- Warp trajectory planning interface is extremely fidgety, which is a problem since it's crucial to get sufficiently close to your desired target- I haven't come across any PvE type of stuff yet. Maybe it's too early and hasn't been added, but if it ends up being only a PvP thing that's kind of a bummer"
,Recommended,588210,30251281,Posted: 28 February,all,Jesse,"Great Idea for a functional Space Survival Simulator. Huge learning Curve but thats to be exspected for a geame of this sort. The Roadmap gives me chills to think the game will be that awsome in the future. The fact that the devs made this atmosphere an online one makes it even better. I hope to see updates on the optimazation of the multiplayer code and the core engine itslelf to run more smoothly. FTL is very Cool as well but the warp ""Effect"" is very lets say dull..... I hope to see an improvement on that as well. Looking forward to see my contribution to a startup be for good weekly fixes and updates. So so so much potential here :)."
76561198029236899,Recommended,588210,30200503,Posted: 26 February,all,Da Mass,"Early Access Review. I consider myself a veteran of Early Access Games, and after playing a few hours these are my thoughts.If you don't understand Early Access - wait for the full version when it comes out. If you do understand the process, this project shows a TON of potential. There is a huge learning curve, and its best to watch the videos in the guide section. At the moment there are a lot of unconnected pieces, but its already a fun survival experience. If you are a fan of space, survival, and exporation, then I recomend it.The visuals are great and you get a real feel for running your ship. You feel like a crew member with real mechanics to keep everything running. The navigation is realisticlly dificult to learn, but very satisfying when you make it work.To the developers - Keep up the good work and don't give up on the vision, I think you are on the right track here, very excited to see this finished down the road. I am definatly on board for the ride."
,Recommended,588210,30225701,Posted: 27 February,all,Sarcoth,"Hellion may not be for you if you expect to jump into game and flying in your spaceship within the hour.  Rather, if you are patient and willing to die a few times while putting some effort into learning the controls, how to maneuver in space, how to dock modules to your habitat (mini space station), and learning how to FTL travel.  Well, then Hellion is definitely for you.It took me about 3 hours to finally get all the controls down, have my module docked to my habitat, and dock my ship as well.  The feeling of accomplishment after getting this all done has made me excited and I can't wait to move on to the next part of flying around the star system, finding modules, and mining asteroids.For new people that need some help:1)  First power up the life support and power modules on your habitat.2)  Put on your space suit and be ready to be ejected into space the first time you leave.  ""J"" activates your jetpack.3)  Jet over to module.  ""Shift"" will stabilize you and also help you grab on to other objects.4)  When you get to the module, find the RCS.  ""R"" changes the selection of what you want to dock on the module you are currently on.  ""T"" + mouse scroll will change the selection of what you want to dock to.  If the target port you are trying to dock to has an orange highlight, then you are maneuvering to the correct location.  Otherwise, use the right mouse click to change the port or the T.  For starters, you want Standard Docking Port (module) to Standard Docking Port (habitat).  Take your time and make only slight adjustments.I hope enjoy the game as much as I do."
,Recommended,588210,30152332,Posted: 24 February,all,BlackWolf,"Personally i'm really enjoying my time with Hellion, sure it has it's bugs (It's Early Access, what game dosen't?). Hellion also isn't a straight forward game which is great in my opinion as there are too many games that hold your hand and become boring after awhile because of that. Navigation FTL wise, is actually based on creating an orbit not just teleporting into the area with a click of a button. The navigation feels fine, and the EVA navigation definatley takes time to get used to but feels rewarding as you get used to it.So far i'm impressed for the stage it is in, and eagerly awaiting what comes next!"
76561197998418140,Recommended,588210,30271960,Posted: 1 March,all,Tom Cruise-control,"After about 20 hours I have realized this was a great purchase. The learning curve is STEEP. There's literally zero handholding. No notifications, nothing to guide you. Trial and error are the name of the game.I'm excited for where this game is going."
76561198123431709,Recommended,588210,30155866,Posted: 24 February,all,WieldyRelic,"For a first day Its really good not a lot of ""game breaking"" bugs that ive noticed. the graphics are really good the animations are orgamic and the first time i went into the FTL holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I started to cry I was so happy.At the moment the only thing to do is to try to build up a big space station and survive which is not easy by the way its quite challenging.What games really relate to this game? id say it would be Rust and Kerbal space programHoesntly i have really high hopes with this game and im confident the game will be finished... And when it is finished It will be amazing!"
,Recommended,588210,30562021,Posted: 16 March,all,Classipling Depressionism,"Do I recommend this game? Yes...but not yet (unless it's on sale or you have a bunch of friends to play it with).What you have to remember is it's in an alpha state and sh*t happens. It's a wonderful game with incredible attention to detail and, at the moment, is more of a simulation than a game.As of this review, I have only played it for an hour or so (and I plan on going back for more) .I bought the game for myself and three of my friends, and we started off by trying to use the invite system to start together... that would be ok, but as far as I can tell, it doesn't work. So, we all started seperately. As soon as I started, I was in space, suffocating to death. there was debris all around me as if some battle of a long forgotten age had taken place. Then, I was in a ship...then I was in space again. My game had bugged, and I kept teleporting back and forth from the starting cryo pod to space until my head, presumably, exploded.Let me clarify by saying that's the only bug I've experienced so far, it only happened to me, and it hasn't happened again.The next thing I know I'm restarting on a large space station. I can hear through discord my friend has ignored the emergency warning signs on the airlock door and used the manual override to open it,  accidently jettisoned herself into space, not realising this game has pressurisation mechanics as well as oxygen, gravity etc.So, I'm exploring this space station, finding heaps of goodies..railguns, rifles, and all sorts of spare parts..but only 5 ammo. Suddenly someone else appears on the station, coming through the airlock.  I hadn't expected to meet anyone so far, this was it and I was excited. I prepared my friendliest smile and then assumed an evil grin as I started to shoot at him. He tried to slam the door shut, but I was already there, and we had a corridor length firefight for about ten seconds before we were both out of ammo. It was then I realised it was one of my friends, and we had managed to spawn in the same place.We all eventually all managed to meet (my other friends died so often by doing stupid things that they ended up spawning on my station) and we were ready to explore space together...until we realised, by picking the 'space station' start, we had literally no way of exploring space together. My friends all suddenly started crashing constantantly and then one of the cheeki breeki's  locked us all in the airlock and threw us out into space to die... ""for science""10/10 game."
76561198068273937,Recommended,588210,32566179,Posted: 19 June,all,Dr.FragensteinM.D.,"While I do recommend this game as it has alot of pontential it has alot of issues. So this is a buyer beware. The game has very little to do atm and it is riddled with bugs. Docking a module is near impossible right now. Recent patches have almost made it worse than before. This is a future investment in a game at best. Don't expect to get many hours of enjoyment out of this in it's current state. You will get hours of frustration and restart after restart to try and make head way at building up your station. I have 10 hrs in and  a week after launch so i only really jump in to see if docking is fixed. Hope this helps. So i have put  60 hours in since my last review, here's an update. Docking has been fixed and for only being on early access for 7 months it's pretty damn good comared to a lot out there. The still has major bugs that will frustrate you to the point of quitting til a few patches come out but it is starting to come together. Still a buyer beware, only for hardcore space simmers atm."
76561197971975926,Recommended,588210,30373778,Posted: 7 March,all,Action Hank,"If you like space sim and survival this game could be it ""in the near future"" . BEAR IN MIND its EARLY ALPHA with LOTS OF BUGS. DO NOT EXPECT A FULL GAME THAT WORKS FLAWLESSLY YET. Its a work in progress and defs are working hard, this game has much promise but still a way to go before its ready for the avarage player. I still remcommend investing in this game. ive had much fun playing it with bugs and all."
,Recommended,588210,30173738,Posted: 25 February,all,Huntermist,"How would i rate hellion?Id give a 9/10 badass points but..(please bare in mined this is a Alpha so there are going to be ALOT of bugs)there are large amounts of bugs that devs are currently working to fix.but now down to the nitty griddyHellion is a open world realistic survival and i mean REALISTICS AS AFnow KSP players may like the orbital mechanics witch btw the are amazing yet buggy at the moment. every thing is constaly in motion so intercepting other objects is going to be abit tricky but there are 3 main propolsions. RCS ( for docking or needing very precise menuviers) Thrusters and FTLBoth these methods need fuelFTL needs FTL cells to charge itRCS needs Nitrogen witch can be mined at astroidsAnd thruster i have yet to finedthis game i like KSP, space engineers and rust all had a babySpace engineers factor: being able to build your statinos and having to replace parts that are starting to brakeKSP factor: orbital mechanicsRust factor: the game has no singler player unless you get a private server.The basic survival needs right now are.. fuel, oxygen, and energy. food and water are going to be added in the futureHellion does get held back because of the bugs so right now id give hellion a 7/10 of badass points. in future id give it a full 10/10 when the bugs get worked out and the game gets improved. this is the ulitment survival space game that iv been waiting for YEARSAs a great man once said ""Iv been trying to get space engineers like this FOR YEARS!"" .Bluedrake 2017.The devs are always open to feed back and thats what will make this game the best game of the year if we keep helping them out."
76561198005498858,Not Recommended,588210,34716624,Posted: 3 September,all,mainframecn,It's a sneak peak of a small part of a very limted game. I was unpleasantly suprised after only 5 months the devs said they would slow things down and reduce the updates.It feels like another startup that will never see a finished state.
76561198002044473,Recommended,588210,30173715,Posted: 25 February,all,Deaths,"Are you smart? do you like kerbal space program? Did you ever wish Elite was more realistic? Then this might be for you. Granted the game is in its infancy, but shows so much promise, and the Devs seem very active which is needed in a game like this. Rust, ark, Connan crowd will cry millennial tears which i will use to fuel my RCS thrusters."
76561198031390380,Recommended,588210,34344623,Posted: 19 August,all,Wildman,"Hellion is a time consuming and strangely fun game for hardcore gamers.  Learning curve is steep and with no tutorial, the game will frustrate you at first.  Hellion is like an ugly girlfriend who has the perfect personality for you.  At first your not sure if you can stay with that mug but you convince yourself she is attractive because she is so much fun once you get to know her.Hellion is extremely fun docking ships, building huge bases, and shines in coop.  Hellion however has no in-game story, missions, or crafting hampering long term playability.  The game also does not have food or water requirements taking away from the survival aspect.One of the coolest aspects of Hellion is grinding, yes I said grinding.  In Hellion it's all about maintaining your life with O2, and keeping your space ships operating with fuels and components that deplete over time.  You can scavenge old Derelict ships floating in space or dock your ship to another player's base and attempt to fight your way past turrets and maybe a player to raid their resources and parts. Sometimes, you are raiding a base and some other player will show up and create a problem that often ends in bullets.  You can venture into deep space and explore old NPC stations guarded by turrets to maybe scrounge up that  abandoned upgraded EVA suite, or find a hacking tool for the next locked base or ship you come across.  It's just fun!  Hellion does suffer from some EA type bugs that might cause you to rip some hair out, but few game breaking problems and very playable.The game has taken huge steps in optimization and runs a good FPS (with shadows rendering off) on my old GPU tech. 2x Gforce 550TI SLI setup.  Even on this old GPU the game looks beautiful.  The game uses the Unity Engine and the Devs are maximizing its abilities well especially with the Newtonian physics.The people at Zero Gravity are engaged with the community and even formed a Testing Squad with over 250 members helping to test builds prior to release on the Official Servers.   The members of ZG also respond to the player community  and I have noticed on more then one instance where they took our suggestions and improved / fixed areas of the game.   ZG seems focused and dedicated to the title for the long haul.I have over 511 hours in and would say 24.99 was worth it, anything price higher and I would wait.   Hellion has potential to be a very impressive and fun game unlike anything out there I have seen."
76561197968275682,Recommended,588210,31614708,Posted: 7 May,all,Goomba,"At time of review i have 7 hours on record.This game is great, if you want a game that you have to take your time on and not be able to rush through. This game is for you, if you want something fast and shooty shooty type, go play something else.This game is so close to the style i like its crazy.Pros:- Great physics- Slow paced- Open world- Highly detailed- No massive inventory (realistic sized carry capacity)- System parts can be switched out on your station/ship- You can find additional modules for your station and connect them- Limited fuel (RCS boosters) on station parts and ship- Mining for fuel/airCons:- Huge learning curve (minimal tutorial, that or non existant)(help page is out of date)- Some places its hard to understand- Can only invite friends on your steam list to play with you- No crafting (AT THIS TIME)- Animations (shadows) seem a bit stiff at this time- Flight controlls very difficult to understand until you have some experience with it- Can't repair any system parts (oxygen filters, pressure regulators ect ect) YET- In alpha atmConclusion:All in all its a good game, for being an early access game i was worried about it. Was tempted to mark it as a refund the first hour, but i kept with it and i started to like it. If you do decide to give this title a chance, atleast start a timer for it, dont just try it and refund it, give it a chance.I can see so much potential for this game, i just hope they don't abandon it.My personal rating is a 7/10 > Will keep playing"
76561198046260726,Recommended,588210,30282506,Posted: 2 March,all,Matshishkapeu,"If you don't want to be used as a tester for this game but rather to actually play it, don't buy it yet.I recommand it for the following reasons:- The elements that actually work are awesome- It's not really in a playable state but I still already had 20h of fun- great visuals- the devs have already brought two patches fixing a lot of the most gamebreaking bugs within e few days- next patch already coming it seems- devs are active on forumsIf you buy this game, then do it to support the devs, but don't expect to get a finished game before quiet some time"
76561198181917907,Recommended,588210,30154161,Posted: 24 February,all,The Skrib,great game with lots of potential. there is a huge learning curve. i had to resart 5 time on different servers until i finally figured things out. YouTube tutorials are your best friend with this game. there are some bugs and optimization issues but it is over all playable. Definitly keep your eye on this game.
76561198036896388,Recommended,588210,30212456,Posted: 26 February,all,The Population of North Korea,Pushed my friend out into the warp. He died.10/10
,Recommended,588210,30151915,Posted: 24 February,all,TheNakedAnt,"As of right this second it's very much an Early Access title.There are some bugs that can make progress impossible or very difficult, and a number of features only partially implemented.HOWEVER,The game has a fantastic atmosphere (no pun intended) and the space physics are challenging and satisfying.The devs have been very active the last few days during the pre release stuff and I have confidence they'll continue to make good progress going into the future."
,Recommended,588210,30182600,Posted: 25 February,all,August,"I'm going to give it a positive review, but recommend that you hold off on buying it.The game has a ton of potential, with some really awesome concepts and design choices. It is the first ""space "" survival game that has actually felt like a space survival game. Everything is super well done in terms of realism and feeling the tension of trying to survive in space..BUTIt's just not in a place that it should be open to the public at the moment, I think they may have jumped the gun and as such are gonna pay for it with the negative reviews.  There are some serious bug issues going on that can end up making the game borderline unplayable.The only way I'd recommend you buy this at its current state is if you truly want to support the developers, but you need to understand going in that it's not going to work right, you may not even get to play.I REPEAT IF YOU BUY THIS YOU MAY NOT EVEN GET IT WORKING. ( Only purchase with the knowledge that you're here to help them develop a fantastic space survival game)If you're just in it for a quick look at a neat space sim, give it a month or two, add it to your wishlist / follow it and come back after a few updates."
76561198035510707,Recommended,588210,30922026,Posted: 3 April,all,Big Wig,I like the game and its concept!!Here are a few things that I would make note of:1)Really enjoy the game but there are  bugs that can get a bit frustrating.2)Docking modules and  ships area B**** at first but with practice you can master with some practice.3)Get on voice chat with someone in game and get some help.  Trying to type and do things in this game don't work well:}.  Found two other guys on public server and started working together.  Amazing how teamwork speeds up the learning process.4)Kind of sucks  if you start to build a big outpost or gather a bunch of supplies and the Dev's do a game update (about every week atm) you lose it all and have to start from scratch.5)Is it worth the money? Well that's depends how much you value $25. I got my $25 worth (60 hrs of play) and also got a paid server that I'm hosting Hellion on. (Exxxotic) Community ServerHope this helps.Big Wig
,Recommended,588210,30414518,Posted: 9 March,all,IAmAKeyboard,"A game with Great potential, still pretty buggy but is understandable for an Early Access Game. In its current sstate, it does have a good amount to explore and an upcoming content patch iss on the horizon.If you like space games like Kerbal Space Program and is ok and understand Early Access i recommend this game"
76561198030900398,Not Recommended,588210,31515218,Posted: 2 May,all,The Noob,"The game is promising and if you're a fan of hardcore space survival you should keep an eye on it.Unfortunately as it is I can't recommend it even as an early access game. In my opinion it was released way too early. It's only multiplayer and multiplayer is a cause of many gamebreaking bugs. Right now survival consists mostly of surviving the bugs.Devs seem to be active, but their QA seems to be inexistent judging by how many new bugs make it into the game with every update (fixed 5, 20 new show up, some game breaking with 100% reproducability). Hopefully they manage to get it together. Personnaly I've got tired of the bugs.I'll update the review once the game is more matured and I hope I'll be able to recommend it."
,Recommended,588210,30270064,Posted: 1 March,all,Aimless Drifter,"Played this game for about 10 hours :Dhad a lot of fun, super immersive experience. The most fun was probably running around and trying to figure out how things work. Its as if you really did get stranded in Space and you have no idea how operate anything.I did not expect this game to have actual orbital-physics, super cool! if you played Kebal Space program it should help a little.Until this game, I did not think it's possible to make a Space Sim game that is fun and based on Space Physics.Anyway beware that this is an early access, there are bugs and a lot of features are not in the game yet."
,Recommended,588210,33135846,Posted: 2 July,all,vernes,"This game is early access and looking at the change-logs features change, get added and removed, so bare that in mind.The game always starts with the cinematic intro, it's a very nice intro for the first 5 times.If you play like me, you jump into the game♥♥♥♥♥first and hope the ingame clues will help you along.The beginning is exciting and not too easy and solvable before you flip your table across the room.When you finally pressed every button, opened every panel and accessed every terminal it dawns on you ""I'm ♥♥♥♥ED"".♥♥♥♥♥♥wears down, everything eats resources and that includes YOU.With your virtual life on a countdown, putting on a space-suite build decenia ago and jumping into the deadly vacuum of space is not that bad of an option.You need to put together the modules of your spacestation and this is only possible using a terminal placed on the outside of the modules.Docking the first module is an actual airlock (how did you get out then? At a breathtakingly great cost) and once attached you will be able to exit your station in a sensible manner.So after preforming a docking sequence that requires a steadier hand then your average brainsurgion you have a airlock module in a record time of 30 minutes.OR, you bumped your station in an everlasting spin or into the vastness of space and you now contemplated your purpose in live and removed your space helmet and bask in the unfiltered light of the star Hellion as your toon gasps for air and you start over in a brand new station.Once the airlock is in place you can try to find your spaceship, yes, you have an actual spaceship.Once connected your spaceship can share its resources with the rest of your station.Although this resource managing is only possible within your station's main module.This resource terminal is not available inside your ship.A nearby delerict is a welcoming source of extra canisters of oxygen or nitro or even raw minerals for you to refine into vital resources.So with all your solarpanels activated, you decide you must go forth and pillage your neighbours for their vital oxygen storage so that you may see another tommorow.You pump all your station's oxygen, nitrogen, nitro and every canister you found, into your spaceship and hope to return with at least 10-folds those resources.Your first neigthbour is a completely untouched station, did the user log off before doing anything? or perhaps these are pre-spawned stations, waiting for a new user to be assigned to it?Nonetheless, you take some empty canisters with you and fill them up with oxygen and raw minerals.And after removing everthing you still have an empty slot for in your ship's cargo boxes, you realize that this station's spaceship also has resources.So you painstakingly assemble the starter base into it's whole so you can dock this station's spaceship and start siphoning it's deuterium and oxygen as well.so now it's 2 hours later and you have an extra set of warpcoils, more deterium then you might ever need, an extra set of drills and a cargo bay with more canisters then you started with.And so many spare parts for all kinds of systems, you can almost make a brand new station with it.Which is exactly what you now need.During your raid, you got raided yourself.But how? you locked the airlock, it had th elock-icon and everything?Yeah, that's when you find out your personal habitat module does not connect to the side-hatches.So instead of using the big sliding door, you can use one of the two side hatches and crawl through there.So you solar panels no longer work because their servo's are gone, the propulsion of the station no longer works because all of the rcs injectors are gone.Your oxygen production is gone, co2 filters are gone.Frustrating as it is, you can replace almost all of those systems with the♥♥♥♥♥♥you looted.After docking (again, carefully) your ship you notice some of the looted items are also stuck to your ship, on the OUTSIDE of your lockable ship.You decide to hang on to some parts instead of using them on your station.We're now 5 hours further, you already see it's getting light again outside, you have 3 hours left to go to bed and get some sleep before you have to go to work.TL;DRYou can't play this game after work and expect to quit savely intime to get enough sleep.Until you can log off within 5 minutes and not risk dying, don't get into this GREAT game unless you don't have to work the next day.So a positive recomendation with a big BUT."
,Recommended,588210,32643725,Posted: 22 June,all,JimminieCrikets,"This game is awesome.Let me start by saying that I am almost 100 hours in and I have died so many times. Each death has been due to my own actions or due to a bug. That said, I always get back on my feet and try again. Without further ado here is my current synopsis.Gameplay: Surviving in space is hard and tedious at times.Manuvering in Zero-G can be a difficult task to master, but once overcome you will be buzzing around everywhere.Docking is the most satisfying thing to me in the game. It takes so much finese but seems so simple at the same time. My advise to you for docking is make sure the keypad is always rightside up and facing you, as if you were going to enter the door.Mining is definitely a task to master. I died once traveling toward an astroid from my ship. Probably due to traveling to fast toward it. Mining can be a monotonous task, but how else are you going to get those resources. My first mining trek I only got 150 units of 02 and used 200 in 02 on my ship. Lesson learned to turn off your life support while mining, unless it was a bug and they fixed it?Exploring and navigation is fun and adventurous. There is so much to check out. I think this is an area that should be left to little detail.Pirating in my opinion is the best part of the game. While there are not many people playing right now, there is so much to take. Most players end up dying and fresh starting (me included), and the stuff is left behind. Well you gotta go get that stuff!This review is of course pre 0.2 update which is supposed to happen today! Many of the bugs should be worked out and gameplay should be even more exhilarating.See you in space. Make sure to lock your doors and button down the hatches, because im out for blood!340 Hours of gameplay: Devs still doing a great job. Only thing I wish is that more people were playing!Update 500 Hours of gameplay: Devs still cracking out updates that make the game better; however, some of the bugs still need ironing out. Bugs are most prevalent when more people are in the same area. I have no issues really playing the game though. Most of the issues are from other people I play with."
76561197998154993,Recommended,588210,30417225,Posted: 9 March,all,Anglave,"Pros:Active devs who listen to the community and are very responsiveExcellent systems for an early access game.  There's already a lot of depth in components, mining, navigation, etc.  Still a lot of work to be done, but the bones of the game are strong.Stability has been quite good, I've had zero crashes.Realistic microgravity physics.  Jet packs and RCS systems feel accurate and are lots of fun.Multiplayer is available, invite your steam friends from in-game.Local dedicated server available!Cons:This game is unforgiving. There's no tutorial (yet), so look up some videos and expect to die a lot until you figure out the game's controls and systems.The user interface (interaction with objects and interfaces) feels overly technical.  What I mean is, it's not intuitive or fluid feeling. It's playable, but needs polish.Some animations and sounds are not yet added or tweaked.  This is early accessMost mistakes are unrecoverable.  Died in space? That suit is probably gone forever.  Out of suits?  You'll need to restart from scratch.  Lost your ship?  Restart from scratch.  Bumped a module too hard while docking?  Restart from scratch.  Vented the HAB to vacuum?  Restart.  Ran out of oxygen?  Restart.Other Thoughts:FTL Warp takes too long.  Three minutes of the light show is seizure inducing.Having played Kerbal Space Program (and gotten decent at EVA maneuvering and manual docking) is a massive advantage.Docking in this game was very hard until I got a feel for it.  It's also almost impossible with a high ping.Enter the RCS control panel (or Docking interface in the bottom row of green buttons on your ship's pilot console).Press 'r' to toggle the docking interface.  You want to be seeing some concentric octagons.Press and hold 't' and scroll your mouse wheel to select the target module or vehicle.Turn using the mouse toward the outer arrow (outside the largest octagon).  Once your target is ""on screen"" the outer arrow disappears.  Hold shift to kill your rotation.Cycle through target docking ports on the targeted object with LMB / RMB until the desired port is highlighted orange.use Q/E to rotate until the two ""inner octagon arrows"" are pointing at each other. Hold shift to kill your rotation.Maneuver gently toward your targeted docking port using WASD, C, and Space.  You want to be lined up just about perfectly and moving toward the lock very slowly (a few tenths of a meter per second at most).  When you're close enough (under a meter) and aligned well enough, and moving slowly enough, auto-dock will connect the two objects.The game is very ping-sensitive.  Try to find a server with 60ms ping or below, or follow minecraftunion's excellentvideo tutorialto set up a dedicated server of your own."
76561198003951110,Recommended,588210,30253314,Posted: 28 February,all,Naverin,Awesome concept in motion with Hellion.   Space is dangerous.  This game will reflect that and make you think before you do.   Press the wrong button/level.  You're vented into space and dead.  Make an over aggressive manauever.. you're hitting a peice of space debris and it will tumble off into space away from you.Multi player is neat and needs polishing.  You can only spawn with 1 other person right now.  However once you've fueled a ship up its possible to meet up with other players/friends with the right information/orbits.For an Alpha game release I see huge potential.  Dev team seems to communicate with the community and patches have started already.I look forward to updating this review as progression continues on the game.
,Recommended,588210,33602349,Posted: 17 July,all,EeZeE,"Hellion is great!Like space itself, it can and will be harsh at times.Hellion it is in Alpha. You will run into bugs, some small, some so big they will make you rage quit.If you can stomach bugs like these, Hellion will be a truly enjoyable ride as you drift through space in search of adventure. Be it exploring adrift derelicts, ""neutral"" stations and even distant systems.The controls aren't easy but once you get the hang of them, satisfaction will be yours.You will find new and better gear to make your life in the emptiness of space a little more forgiving.You will find additional modules to expand your base.You will mine asteroids for materials you require to survive.You will check out distress signals from derelict space craft, space stations and even other players.You will resort to piracy in order to survive or perhaps get that base expansion you've been searching for (or perhaps not, because you're a nice guy).You will die... but death will not hold you back as you find yourself back in your cryo tube."
76561198084011790,Recommended,588210,30153333,Posted: 24 February,all,PsychoKilla_Mk2,"theres a couple of bugs and problems with the game, some of which will kill you making you have to start again. its a massive learning curve, but so much fun. trully brilliant for an alpha. if the devs keep it up like this then there is one hell of a game right here."
,Recommended,588210,30430437,Posted: 10 March,all,roboZambi,"Hellion is my second favorite game right now. We are going to build bases together mine astroids, find new techs and upgrades for  bases and ships, we are going to warp to  new systems to scavange and to mine resources. Another beautiful game with dedicated developers. if you want to help shaping Hellion come and join us otherwise put this game on your wish list if you are a space game fan. I Love this game and will help to make it better....."
,Recommended,588210,30213282,Posted: 26 February,all,KyoDani,"Having an astrophysics degree should be a requirement to play this game.It's buggy, performance is questionable, it can feel wonky, and it gives no direction on what to do. But it has potential and incredibly fun/engaging gameplay with devs who are keen to improve on the game. Beautiful graphics, eerie sound design and tons of life support systems to fix to keep you constantly busy. It feels more Space Engineers than Space Engineers itself. Also I launched my friend into space cause I accidentally forgot to depressurize.Also a weird note on performance. Setting it to the lowest quality preset and low textures averaged around 3fps with constant pauses every few second, while setting it to the highest preset with high textures got 50fps on an AMD R9 270 (Non X model). So if you're having performance issues, try bumping it up."
,Recommended,588210,30952812,Posted: 4 April,all,GuyC_UK,"Currently at Patch 0.1.9 Hellion is already an awesome space survival scenario,I say already, because it is still in the early processes of de-bugging.Once you have mastered the Art of Space Walking and Docking Modules, (which many will find difficult, myself included)You will find an ease to the process and start searching the outer and inner planets and moons which orbit Hellion.Navigating is also a good challenge, working out safe orbits to use FTL to reach.Scanning everytime you drop out of FTL to see if there is anything in the area to ransack and pillage to keep your systems going. or additions to your home base that you can tow back and dock.The Graphic's and Sound effect's truly immerse you in what space adventure could really be like.The constant wear n tear of Mechanical Parts and usage of Fuel's keep you busy searching for replacement's for everything.There is Base Building, Material Gathering, 1st person shooting on ground and in space, travelling in ships and searching for the good stuff, if your lucky to encounter,You can invite friends to team up and venture the system of Hellion, and fight the epic fight of survival.Dont forget it is early days and still very, very enjoyable and challenging.I give it a good 8/10 even with the bugs/glitches and usual problems early access games provide."
,Recommended,588210,30481325,Posted: 12 March,all,Moody,"This game is great.  Please note that this game is in Alpha and Early-Access, so there will be many bugs and glitches that will be patched in future updates.  Here we go.This game is a blueprint of what can be great.  What we have now is wonderful, but a bit riddled with glitches.  This will be fixed.This game is about surviving in space, only relying on abandoned ships, modules, derrilicks, and stations to survive.  The game also includes interstellar travel, which always works, although the warp can sometimes be difficult to set up.Pros-Its exactly what you want from space survival gameLarge MapGreat ExpansionWonderful MechanicsGreat GraphicsEasy Developmental Graphical EnhancementsCons-Glitch in which you bounce off of asteroidsWarp Course Impossible although your time is logicalNo guideConfusing on first playHard for new usersWarp Acceleration Too Low/High although time is logicalOverall: 9.5/10Recommended for people who look to play this with your friends, playing alone is optional but not as funHope this helped you out! Please take the time to message me or send me a friend request if you need more information as to what you need to do or what to look out for!"
76561197967237222,Recommended,588210,30492878,Posted: 13 March,all,cliffy,"As others have mentioned this is an alpha and should be viewed as such.  That being said there is already a lot of stuff to do in this game that is a lot of fun.  Nothing comes easy and in my opinion, as a survival game, that is how it should be.  Each new task you complete brings a bit of satisfaction and excitement.  On top of that, bugs are being squashed quickly, updates are frequent, and dev interaction with the community is high.  If this looks like your type of game I wouldn't hesitate to buy it, you wont be disappointed."
76561198021303762,Recommended,588210,33309662,Posted: 6 July,all,MGHAL9000,"Early Access ReviewThe game is functional enough that I've spent over 150 hours, almost more time than I've spent at work over the past two weeks.  Graphics are what you see above.Should you get it?  Depends on the level of maturity you have WRT gaming (sounds funny, I know :) ).  If you get that it's early access, and prone to bugs and evolving featurs/content, then yes.  Where else can you spend 25 USD, or it's equal in other currency, and get more than 10 hours of entertainment?  If you expect near perfection/completion, then EA titles are not for you.  Please wait for the full release.  You'll focus on what it doesn't do, or doesn't have, and you'll feel cheated.One piece of advice while playing...don't get attached.  To borrow a phrase from the Battlestar Galactica series...""All of this has happened before, and all of this will happen again""...  Currently patch/content updates restarts the servers, and progress is lost.  Hopefully, they are working towards a time where this won't be the case.Looking forward to a growing community of helpful players and responsive developers that are actively engaged in the forum community."
76561198020878066,Not Recommended,588210,30712080,Posted: 24 March,all,xtra9962,"Okay... After 105hrs of playing this game I can say it's addictive.  But it is an Alpha with all the issues that come with it.Pros:-- Space survival with neutronian physics... so go fast in one direction and Poof... you're GONE cause you won't stop unless you apply equal/greater force in the opposite direction.-- Realistic docking of ship to modules and modules to stations.-- Station remove/replace parts to bring systems online - nice interaction-- Limited supplies including AIR... thus you have to start to think of options.Cons:-- It's an Alpha with all the bugs that come with it. :(-- Space Travel in this game is at real time.  Meaning that when you travel from one system to another can take an ACTUAL HOUR!  That's an hour of not doing anything... So time to go cut the lawn or paint that room you've been meaning to get done.-- As it's an alpha your progress can be lost and you have to start over and over and over again and again.-- The FTL warp display hurts the eyes and gets old VERY fast... especially after 5 minutes let alone an HOUR.-- Did I mention that travel is Real time 5 mins to 20 hours!!! that is if you have the warp cells and that much time to play.-- Is the game worth recommending... not at this time... that Real time travel issue needs to change, things to do beyond the Arena match shoot'em ups... Graphics are Great (beyond the warp) and the joy of building a space station is fun.  Maintaining it is also enjoyable.  But I can play Elite Dangerous and have more fun with a less painful travel process."
,Recommended,588210,32167830,Posted: 3 June,all,Sorrien,"Great space game with a lot of potential. Takes a good amount of patience to get used to the realistic physics gameplay. I have noticed a few lag issues, but not as much as some people seem to be seeing. Near as I can tell, most of the negative reviews either stopped paying attention the game, or they couldn't figure out how to play."
76561197972222026,Recommended,588210,30199354,Posted: 26 February,all,Bolter,Thumbs up for the devs
,Not Recommended,588210,31906234,Posted: 22 May,all,J0BA.sdmf,"Respawn Simulator.I bought the game on day one. It makes me sad, that after 3 monthsthere are still so many broken things.- very user unfriendly UI. (Bugged UI especially Navigation)- core gameplay broken. (Still pressure sometimes, won't either depressurize or pressurize)- Parts you find, you cannot store. Thus they lay all over the floor.- Equipment collision is still horrible. Clipps through ground.- Horrible lag on official servers (tested on Frankfurt 1 and 2.)- A space simulator with inertia dampaners only. (NO ENGINES, still)- Match velocity flip flop- zero customization- Players getting killed by other players acceleration, especially near slopes or crates.Yes, i know the game is EA. I might change this review in the future.But honestly it might take some time until I return.Despite the negatives. I hope, at some point that the game will make me want to return.I like the asthetic of it and the level of detail is very good. But as so often, looks are noteverything and when at their best they are decieving."
76561197971490276,Recommended,588210,30274558,Posted: 2 March,all,Belesarius,"At this point, in Alpha, the game is new and so there are bugs and crashes. Don't buy it unless you want to poke at it and help the devs in the mean time. That being said, it's great to poke at.The immersion is top notch. Sounds doesn't go through a vacuum. Gravity is enabled only in certain areas. There is no drag in space. The star is bright and space is dark.The game is very difficult, but so is space. Kerbals won't have any trouble adapting and Elite Commanders will probably be ok too."
76561198003097767,Recommended,588210,30528357,Posted: 15 March,all,Greywolf,"Very early access, huge amounts of bugs and issues.....total blast! If you want a polished gem even in terms of EA then this is not for you. If you enjoy a challenge with no spoon feeding of how to do this and that then this is a great pick. If you want a spoon fed easy ride then probably not. I give this game two thumbs up. There are not many times i take place in an EA thats caused so many hours of hair pulling and cursing and had so much fun at the same time. If the dev's keep up the updates, listen to the community i see this growing into a fun filled, space exploring, astronaut shooting, ship stealing, five fingered death punch bundle of fun."
,Recommended,588210,30255194,Posted: 28 February,all,Berry,Its early days but so far its an interesting game.  A fair amount of bugs to iron out and lot of pontential yet to be exploited - but definitely one to watch if you like survival games.
76561198009907213,Recommended,588210,30851800,Posted: 31 March,all,Eddy,Pros.:- Nice interaction- Nice graphics- Nice enviromentCons.:- No inertia dampeners which makes ship or module unbelievable hard to control and inpossible to control/dock when ping is higer then 100ms- Early AplhaAnd still got more stuff to try out. But basicaly its a space survival :)5/10 - Same issues as in any other game.I would not recommend this yet. Beta will show us more.
76561198131994289,Recommended,588210,30228488,Posted: 27 February,all,THEGOOG,"great game.  and full of potential.bit of a learning curve, but once you nail it, game becomes super enjoyable"
76561198018890860,Recommended,588210,34749092,Posted: 4 September,all,pecos,"Early access! The game is buggy, but lots of fun.  The dev team is really responsive and has this game in early alpha to get feedback, which they implemented in the last content patch.  Pvp is high stakes and a huge rush. Cant wait for more content! Has a huge learning curve and isn't for the rage quitting crowd, but has good sense satisfaction when you figure something out.  The community is also usually really helpful to ""noobs"" to try and get them on their feet. Most of the bugs have work arounds for now and the dev team keeps knocking them down."
,Recommended,588210,33711851,Posted: 21 July,all,tdeod57,"Ok so I will try to be as thorough as possible without writing a book, so you can decide if this game is right for you to buy now, if its something you should follow the development of, or if you should downright skip it. First off. this is an early alpha. if when you encounter a bug in an alpha your first response is to chew a hole through your keyboard while screaming for a refund do yourself and the devs a favor and wait until the game is complete to buy it. That being said, the Dev team at ZG are dropping new builds on the test servers every week, usually twice a week, squashing bugs, implementing new features and ACTUALLY LISTENING TO THEIR PLAYERBASE. thats right, they read suggestions submitted to them about how to improve the game, or if you happen to be playing with a development team member (which happens a lot more often than you'd expect) they'll listen, help you out, or just chill in an airlock with you, then if the idea resounds with enough players, they implement it. I have 296 hours in this game and I have not stopped loving it. with every new update they bring in a new aspect to the game. new weapons, new gadgets, new game mechanics. The updates on public servers are fewer and further between because they are trying to let people play, build up their space station, and truly explore the system that is centered on Hellion, since each update brings with it a server wipe. Also the devs have said that this game will remain completely open ended and issue minimal guidance, however there is a very deep lore that ZG has stated will be implemented across the system for the player to discover at their leisure (between strained breaths in a low atmosphere environment) Just what did happen to the colony ship Daedalus? how long have I been asleep?! Wait why are systems failing? this ship was supposed to last hundreds of years...... Where am I? When am I?So on to gameplay. Have you ever played a survival sim? how about a space game with legitimate newtonian physics? you know the whole equal and opposite reaction thing? If you still don't quite know what that means just fire a rifle in zero gravity in this game and you'll figure it out pretty quick. and finally....have you ever wanted to be a pirate? I tell you most people start with the best intentions, aiming to be a Trader, or a miner, and eek out a living that way....but eventually you stumble upon a score too big too just pass by....maybe your darker side comes out? should I just take what i need to survive and leave a note of apology? or should I completely and irrevocably destroy this fellow survivor's station, leaving him stranded in a small room of slowly dwindling air, with no suit, a pistol with a single round laying in front of his cryo chamber.Hellion is fun alone, its even better with a friend. Even if you don't have a friend that plays Hellion I guarantee you can find someone to team up with in the servers. Just hit 'Y' to start up your lobby chat, trust me you'll wanna know that when you need help figuring something out. The playerbase is, by far and large, very friendly and extremely helpful to new players so dont hesitate to ask around if you're in a lobby with other players.This game will likely not be completely done for quite some time, not for lack of effort on the develpment team's side, lord knows they've been doing nothing but optimise and implement new features for months on end now, but because they genuinly care about putting out a quality product, while taking suggestions from the playerbase and altering the game accordingly. I have seen where this game has come up from, and I am genuinly excited to see where it goes."
76561198201878223,Recommended,588210,30422833,Posted: 10 March,all,nicktheyoda,It's a really good game with very promising potential but in its current state I would say that its a bit overpriced for the content it provides
76561198265064368,Not Recommended,588210,31788113,Posted: 16 May,all,malcolm.arrowood,"The graphics are good..the idea is sound..the game could have been great. Now the real problem. Servers. The servers required for this is a game-breaking scenario. Absolutely the worst. Im sure a few folks may be able to play it as it is, but ost cant. I have 4.4 hrs on record and only about 35 minutes of actual play. The rest was spent being kicked, bugging out, trying to get back in. The game itself is difficult but fun, the servers will kill this title. I will not be suprised if this game falls into the abyss unfinished."
,Not Recommended,588210,30342914,Posted: 5 March,all,Azazil,"At this moment I would not recommend hellion. Overall tho, It is a beautiful game that I really want to enjoy.  Hellion has alot of potential and the feeling the game gives say compared to space engineers and empyrion is more of a realism feel. I dont recommend this game at the moment due to some SERIOUSLY frustrating bugs that are boarderline game breaking. The good news is the developers seem to be very active and have a strong enthusiasm to work with the community to make a great game. If you enjoy watching a game be built from the ground up and help the developers then I would pick it up but  otherwise I would wait a few months for them to patch some of the even basic gameplay bugs."
76561197970681058,Recommended,588210,30153633,Posted: 24 February,all,Space_elmo,"Ok I have just finished the first few hours and at the moment I love it. Hellion seems to be a mix between Rogue System and standard survival games like Sub nautica. The pressure modelling, EVA and audio atmosphere are excellent. One or two server disconnects but reconnecting is a breeze.Very helpful community, realistic Newtonian mechanics and seamless transitions between spatial physics grids makes this a very interesting game.If you are into space sims with a focus on the sim aspect then I would strongly reccomend Hellion. KSP manouvering skills come in handy too."
76561198010713733,Not Recommended,588210,31909842,Posted: 22 May,all,Sevyns,Enough potencial to get you excited and enough failed delivery to be a disappointment. Released a bit too early with constant server wipes and very little content.Check it out in a year or 2...
,Recommended,588210,30150602,Posted: 24 February,all,Dildo Shwaggins ♿,Got sucked into space and didn't know how to use the jetpack 10/10
,Recommended,588210,30337184,Posted: 5 March,all,Monster,"Hellion Story:Play with a friend, manage to glean the intricacies of FLT Warp, pick up another friend.Spend time fixing starship & modules.Light travel, testing FTL.4am.Friend #2 decides to go to bed. Friend 1 and I decide to mine an asteroid to replace the nitrogen we are now completely out of; basically buying time until the life support shuts off. One airlock has ceased cycling fully, with no new air being generated.Fly to an asteroid, but accidentally fly too close. Looked smaller from the cockpit, I swear.End up spiraling out of control. Ship corrects, now 6km away from asteroid.Avatar of friend #2 stands uselessly below the helm chair, waiting for his user to come back.He has the only ore canister on board.Decide to go raiding for another canister. There's a player module nearby. Warp to it, break in, steal (everything), disable life support systems because I feel bad stranding someone out here alone.  His name is on the cryo tube. Write it down on a list of people I ♥♥♥♥ed over today, just below ""everyone.""5am.Warp back to asteroid, try to close in more effectively. Fudge the approach, miss entirely. I used to be good at this I promise.8 km away. Suddenly, ship RCS is out.No more RCS onboard.""Well. Might as well make a last ditch effort to get fuel. Othwise all we can do is warp, and we don't have enough air to get anywhere.""Depressurize cargo hold, losing last bit of precious remaining oxygen.Friend 1 and I, each with drill in and, shoot out across 8km of vaccum to collect the fuel we desperately need to survive.Halfway to the asteroid, oxygen mid range. Jetpack low. Lay off RCS and glide. Taking too long, oxygen in the yellow.Friend #1 decides to floor it, manages to reach asteroid with remaining RCS. Slams into the asteroid hard enough that his screen greys out. No way back. Meanwhile, I tactfully miss the asteroid completely at the last second, by feet. Try to turn and correct, use the last remaining RCS to just miss it a second time. Oxygen low.""Well, we tried,"" I say, releasing the drill to the void of space. It spins away from me lazily.""Yeah,"" friend says. ""I think I'm just going to listen to some music until my air runs out.""""I'm just gonna take the quick way,"" I respond, floating off into the void.""Well, it was fun."" He keys off mic.""Sure was."" I say to the void, gently tumbling through space before correcting myself just enough to stare into the sun.""Sure was.""Unbuckling my helmet's clasps I remove it from my head and let it float away from me. I'm already out of air.I think about how when my friend returns he'll find himself alone, orbiting an asteroid in what will be his tomb.You never really win.You just do a little better every time.And then sometimes you eject yourself into space by accident. Without a jetpack. 10 hours in."
76561197986106889,Recommended,588210,35237666,Posted: 27 September,all,enochstrok,"This game is very challenging, yet very rewarding because it has more to do with skill & planning rather than pure reaction reaction like in most fps games (note that it is also an FPS and fast reactions can help only when in pvp combat). For those who enjoy resource management, base building, hardcore survival, spaceships, airlocks, asteroid mining, and some pvp, this is definitely your game. I'd like to also note that I hadn't logged on in a month or two and there were LOADS of changes for the better after the patches within that time span. The main bugs were and are bein dealt with and they even have a road map.https://trello.com/b/IB3hepnV/hellion-road-map-phase-oneThe only down side is that it is still heavy in development and there are server wipes and glitch/bugs that make the game hard to play at times, although, there are sometimes ways around them. This game is very challenging and requires you to be tactically minded, or to learn very fast (after a few deaths). If you plan it right, you can continue where you left off after you die in your cryotube. The neat thing about the bases, is that you can have your buddies spawn on your base so you can also help eachother out. You can call a new rescue ship from the main base if you lose it (at least that's how it is during the early access)."
76561198147966812,Recommended,588210,35096267,Posted: 20 September,all,Guggers,"I love the game i feel it has a great premise. But..... They need to add a lor reason to keep playing. After you get alll the compartments for your base, your pretty much done. Raidings next to useless unlesss you want ice or ammo. Add a in game economy and trade hubs. Guilds would be cool to. ALso add spaceship combat. Also mounted turrets on base would be awesome."
76561198075495246,Recommended,588210,30439790,Posted: 10 March,all,MacRory,Survival game in space. My two favorite games in one. I like it. Glad I had prior experience in Kerbal for the zero g manuevers. Thumbs up!
76561197980096573,Recommended,588210,30275636,Posted: 2 March,all,Valheru,"Love it! Hellion is exactly the experience I have been after for a long time now and it delivers in spades. I think ZeroG are going in a great direction with the aesthetics and gameplay, the atmosphere they've created is already amazing (you really feel like you are in space and the next mistake could easily be the end of you).Anyone interested in this game should be under no illusions though that it is in an early ""PRE-ALPHA"" stage in it's ongoing development and therefore expect many bugs and at times game breaking issues, however its generally been a pretty smooth experience for myself. If you are like me though and can put up with / ignore / avoid the issues then you will be in for a real treat that I am certain is only going to get better as time goes on. I've been watching this game for a while before it released and I am impressed with the way it is being developed and how the developers interact with their community.Regarding price, I've clocked up nearly 9hrs so far and I've already immensley enjoyed myself, feeling I've easily gotten my moneys worth and everything from here forward is essentially free / icing on the cake ;D"
,Recommended,588210,30530395,Posted: 15 March,all,Alexr03,"I really like this game.And I'm sure others will too,  FPS is a little low in areas with alot of objects.Needs optimization, else I love it!"
76561197967880893,Recommended,588210,34664922,Posted: 1 September,all,Nerd3d,"I'm terrible at reviews, but I really wanted to say something positive about this game.  Bugs asside (of which there are many), I love the 'idea' of this game! I really hope this one doesn't turn into vapor because it is filling a much needed gap in the survival / base building genre. If you want a smooth, bugless experience.. I'd wait for a few more updates. But if you can handle some unexplained deaths and still have fun, please try it out!"
76561198117621082,Recommended,588210,30165742,Posted: 25 February,all,MrPalmTree,"So far I have about 6 hours ish on this game and I am starting to get a hang of navigation/module salvaging. Great game when with other people but boring when you are alone. This is nothing I didn't expect as a multiplayer space sim is bound to be way more fun when with friends.Very complicated learning curve that I don't think I have even remotely scratched the surface of but eventually I'll be able to  fly and navigate perfectly, hopefully...This is an early access game so naturally there are some gamebreaking bugs here and there but all in all I'm having way more fun with this than I ever did with No Mans Lie so kudos to the developers for making such a detailed and realistic space sim!Most of the bugs I experienced yesterday seem to be gone but that could just be me. This has just come out so there will be problems. If this sort of unstableness annoys you I recommend waiting a little bit until the game is fixed a bit more.Great game and worth the amount it asks for...One final note (the planet textures seem very low poly I hope this is something they fix even though it is minor)"
76561197981347911,Recommended,588210,30367708,Posted: 6 March,all,BigRed Muvila,"at current the game ends in roughly 48hrs.PROS.1. its space survival2. attention to detail dont think you can just jump in run amok its slow puzzle solving and precise3. its only alpha so you can see a lot of new cool stuff being added in the future4. multiplayercons,1. game ends in roughly 48hrs this is due to a miss calculation by devs nitrogen usage far out ways the mining so inevitably you run out and have to begin again.2. bugs but it is alpha so this i expect.3. arena/map is just to small.4. FTL 1hr jumps is a bit to muchthis will change as game develops i really can see this becoming the next ark/rust /stranded deep/subnautica in the future."
,Not Recommended,588210,31027800,Posted: 8 April,all,relikk9,"barely functionalI have to say i was expecting much more. As it stands right now its a concept. A nice one with lots of shiny pictures and animations to watch. Sadly its features are barely useable:HUD, Navigation offer very little information.There are closed sections where u dont need them and no airlocks where you really would want one. After spawning in you will collect bits n bobs to get your derelict ""operational"" but even connecting your ship to the first seperated section is just tedious. After you have figured out what the readouts stand for you find, that the information needed to navigate are just not there. So atfer chasing said derelict and docking to it i find that i will not be able to connect it further with what is going to be my station? If i will have one?Also performance is really adding to the bad feedback HELLION gives the player, so even opening doors might need a second atempt.I am a Kerbal player, i played the Elite Series. So i consider myself to be a fan of space navigational genre of any kind, if you can call it a genre. I know what a vector is, i can plan engagement to orbit and from it. But everyody not overeager to get their hands on it i advise to wait little bit. At least to a time where we get distinguished target velocity to own, X-Y axis instead of Latitude reading and the ability to properly track marked targets.I have high hopes for this one and i am waiting for updates to arrive. In this state i would not recommend itEDIT: They fixed navigation for the most part. It's not great, but it works and docking (the clamps) are now so forgiving it makes up for the controls.Also with more parts available you can get a decent sized station if you got the nerve for thatstill i would like some fixes:1. a Hud so to target better; yes i mean even consoles and buttons on them2. inventory is problematic. try attaching a canister to a drill out of your inventory...3. items vanish, with relogging i got used to, but today i dropped a mining drill ( because of 2.- cant control the door with a drill in hand) and poof it vanished4. realocate the displays. it would be great to see environmental conditions when entering/leaving sth. i never look if im in the middle of a coridor.. why should i?5. in general the lifecycles of modules,batteries, oxygen capacity should be upped by a lot. 150% maybe ? so the anyway tedious progress gets a little less anoying.6. remove the waiting periods / too fast, too slow from FTL. They are abitrary right now. While the mechanic in itself is good imho. right now it just ads to point 5.i could go on but i guess everyone gets my pointi like the concept, but still can only recommend to fans."
,Recommended,588210,31844636,Posted: 19 May,all,enough007 discord.gg/6EBmdYN,"You should support the developers and buy this game now. Even if it lacks features, has bugs, doesn't have a lot of players...It's probably the best space game out there (better than those grindfests looking at you elite).This is a realistic survival space game where even simple tasks can be hard (for example docking can be hard but when you learn how to do it, it'll be easy and rewarding). Think of it as a realistic space rust, you must be very careful with everything, air pressure, life support systems... or you could die in some stupid way haha.The developers behind this game hear community feedback, and will try to solve problems in a personal way (I love that).Buy this game now!"
,Recommended,588210,34256194,Posted: 15 August,all,OverGamer,"HELLION is an interesting concept, just needs more players, and for the devs to keep up the good work :)"
,Recommended,588210,30539331,Posted: 16 March,all,ImStepp,This game is the game ive dreamed of since i was a wee baby and now its here and its great! the dev team are commited and im exited for the future.
76561197996565143,Recommended,588210,30198290,Posted: 26 February,all,Kydoimos,"Yes, there are bugs; game breaking ones.Yes, the game is incomplete.No, there isn't a lot to do yet.Yes, there are a lot of cry-babies who don't understand what early access is...This game, while clearly unfinished, has huge potential. Regardless of the bugs, I find it incredibly fun. Well worth the money to help the devs along. Can't wait to see what happens with it over the next few months."
76561197960788238,Not Recommended,588210,30447414,Posted: 11 March,all,Spencer,"I really loved the first 5 mins of this game, there is obviously a heap of depth in the ship systems, and really good design.Character controller feels really good, graphics are great, multiplayer wasn't laggy for me at all.Unfortunately the current version is riddled with gamebreaking bugs that require constant re-logging / starting again. Over a 4 hour play session, a friend and I suffered constantly losing mouse cursor in UI panels, got stuck in headlook mode unable to walk, was launched into space at light speed due to random unexplained physics impulses.This is the super raw version of early access. While I've got no problems with that, I wouldn't recommend for people looking for ""some bugs but totally playable"" early acces games. This is more of a very promising techdemo.Hope to see it progress"
76561198180747946,Recommended,588210,30201995,Posted: 26 February,all,Digdug,"Great game.  If you want a detailed review read someone elses.  I only wanted to recommend it because there are a TON of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ carebears that don't understand how to problem solve and give this game bad reviews.This game will not hold your hand!!Your game will crash, your save will break, and your head will explode.  But on your next play through you will progress up to the point you were just at 4x faster [if you learned anything].This game has the potential to be revolutionary in the multiplayer survival sim world.  Cant wait for ship to ship combat.I've already managed to board someone elses ship and shoot them in the face.  So fun!"
,Recommended,588210,30460928,Posted: 11 March,all,Prince,"one of the best games i have come accross on EA, they are constintly patching the game and now we have been announced our first content update, this game just keeps getting better and better. cant wait to see it grow."
76561197968544069,Recommended,588210,35143006,Posted: 22 September,all,C4Sapper,"Great potential. Not much to do in it right now, but if it goes in the right direction it can be great. The mechanics are unique and ejoyable to master."
76561198144210469,Recommended,588210,35150029,Posted: 23 September,all,Kerman,this game needs likes
76561198028583837,Recommended,588210,30173627,Posted: 25 February,all,brentallen,they seem to have a good premice   but not much to do yet   and they over complicate everything  and try to reinvent the wheel.  they would be about in alpha or prealpha    its prety stable but  optimization is still on the todo list.  zero gee movement  is more like a drunk driver  inputs go in odd directions.I cant wait till things start filling out and getting fixed  to where you can focus on the game and all it offers.the biggest fault in this game so far is making it into a first person shooter  and turning it into a glorified free for all arena.its attraction is in ite survival and tech and exploration.  being a free for all pvp  fill everybody fest deminishes its worthI gave it a thumbs up for its potential  but it stands at an F and a do not buy in its current type.
76561198015882152,Not Recommended,588210,30349821,Posted: 5 March,all,Apache45,"It is a REALLY good Idea. They have the look and feel down. It is a really good looking game. Sound is on the right track but not there yet. The premise is on point and they will have a good game one day, just not yet. I will not play it now. They got me to early in the build. I will look in on it at a later point and write something again."
76561198045062596,Recommended,588210,35080720,Posted: 20 September,all,Buzzkillington,"This game doesnt have much right now I wish we had more to do then steal ice and ammo from others and what seems to be empty stasions to loot. Me and a group of friends had some fun, we killed and looted another player and even stole his ship. I want there to be more to do still but I hope thats fixed in the future."
,Recommended,588210,30321111,Posted: 4 March,all,captain communist,more realistic than roblox
,Recommended,588210,30174809,Posted: 25 February,all,Epic Jackson,Only blew myself into the vaccum of space a few times. 10/10
,Recommended,588210,30197563,Posted: 26 February,all,TheFish,Hellion is the hardcore space survival game fans of The Expanse have been waiting for however it still has a long way to go.There are numerous bugs in the Early Access version as is to be expected but in particular lag and desync can substantially effect the enjoyment of the experience. That being said the game already shows a lot of promise and there is good fun to be had. I trust that the developers are able to tackle the most serious bugs quickly.It's worth picking up if you're looking for a hardcore space game and are prepared to put up with the bugs. Otherwise wait for a future version where things will hopefully be a little more solid. Strong foundation.
,Recommended,588210,30153176,Posted: 24 February,all,Rotten Egg,"Epic so far. Was fun when I found an asteroid to mine that my ship could fly through, and then when I touched it, I warped to the other side of the universe :DI love early access games."
,Recommended,588210,30373340,Posted: 7 March,all,SGTKennyanime,Hellion is one of the most realistic games I have ever played. If you are into space physics and orbital physics then this is the game for you. I do warn anyone who wants a clean playthrough though as the game does have its fair share of bugs and such.
76561198204229436,Recommended,588210,31661449,Posted: 10 May,all,henry792828,"I have to say this game is great! Yes it is early access and has a tun of bugs, but that is expected for any early access game. The physics are very real, and so is the risk of death.Now if you are one that would leave a negative feedback just because it has bugs. I wouldn't get any game. All games have bugs. This one is early access so it has many. Give it time and they will work out the bugs. They are putting out an update every week fixing many issues with each patch.If you like real life survival then this game is for you."
,Recommended,588210,30381023,Posted: 7 March,all,❌SAS-Nimrod✅,"Very good game however does need alot of patches, but i do understand it is still in alpha,i cant wait for the finished version should be good"
,Recommended,588210,31926627,Posted: 23 May,all,Ithaqua,"This game is a tough one, getting killed by another player is actually a rare occasion. You most likely will die from lack of air, getting mauled between floating space station parts, spawn in vacuum without a pressure suit and float helplessly away into the depths of space because you RCS propellant ran out.Only half of things you can do is explained by the game, the rest you have to figure out your self.If you don't know anything about this game, expect to die within the first 5 minutes, get stuck with something within the first 10 minutes and slam your head on the keyboard within the first 15 minutes out of sheer frustration.Also the game is riddled with bugs that tend to spoil the fun after a few hours into the game like, air pressure problems, items disappearing, ghost signals and invisible objects that will propel you in random directions at the speed of light.But I think this game is going places. Hellion is designed with almost obsessive levels of detail. Everything works with a reason, no fluff. And once they ironed out the problems, this game will provide persistent fun for solo and small team based players. It's up to you if you going buy in now or wait for the fixes."
,Recommended,588210,30170077,Posted: 25 February,all,WillyMcBride,"OverviewHellion is an in-depth, and most fulfilling, space exploration and survival game with many aspects to learn and even more places to explore. Be prepared for a learning curve, but I can assure you it is worth it!Hellion, from my own experiences, seems to be much more survival and exploration based then many of the other space-themed games I have come across: excluding ""Pulsar:Lost Colony"". You begin in what is commonly referred to as a ""Life boat"", and from there your goal is to maintain that lifeboat while also adding additional modules found floating throughout space to make a sustainable space station or ship. This is as far as I have gotten, as the game is incredibly in-depth and takes a fair amount of learning to understand all of its aspects: but from what I can deduce, your next steps are up to you! You may move around the Hellion system, exploring abandoned ships and stations for supplies, mining ore and processing it to articially expand your station/ship, or you may become a pirate and take to a life of raiding and fighting to take what other people have. There are obviously more routes you can take - but these seem to be the three main branching points.Interfaces & LifeboatWhen I began I knew absolutely nothing about the game. I awoke in a cryo chamber confused and intrigued. Exploring the small life boat, I began to realize that Hellion would be -far more- in depth than I originally thought it would be.There is quite the little procedure to first setting up your lifeboat once you've awoken from cryosleep. You are greeted with a screen showing the overall status of your life boat (Which includes things like gravity, air quality, temperature, pressure, air filtering, and a display of the status of your life support system), a life support panel, a processing unit, a battery charger and a power panel (controls solar panels, power consumption and storage and power management), a button which turns off the artificial gravity within the cabin, and most importantly a distress signal button.I will not go into details on how they all work, but I will say it took me half an hour to figure out how to turn on the lights!There are also a number of components that you can interact with, both inside and outside your lifeboat. These range from the actual life support, air filtering, resource injectors (still don't know what they do), docking/manouvering controls(outside), and the solar panel controls (outside). These all require maintainence, and you will need to manually perform these tasks by replacing specifics components with more reliable replacements. For example the air filtration system requires you to maintain atleast one CO2 filter, and believe me when I tell you you will want to always ensure that it is running perfectly!Also inside the life boat there is a gun rack (with a handy-dandy ammo drawer under it), a exo-suit storage unit (with two exo-suits in it, which include jet-packs/backpacks), and storage containers.Even though the lifeboat is small, there is so much to do inside of it that it makes up for the relatively long process of trying to dock additional parts to it to make it larger!Further ExperiencesAfter fiddling inside the ship for about an hour, I decided to venture outside into space. It had a strange serenity about it (I can assure you it was shiny!), yet also a danger. I seemed to be orbiting around a small star, so I knew my solar panels could maintain enough power to operate: but I needed more resources. After accidentally raising my visor on my exo-suit, I venture to leave my lifeboat completely and float out into space. It was a jaw and stomach dropping experience!I then journeyed to a nearby module, which was an airlock with a armory attached to it. There were no weapons, but there was plenty of ammunition! I deduced that there was enough power to move the module towards my lifeboat (as I only needed to give it a little push before inertia took over), and did so. However the docking process, mixed with the zero-gravity manouvering process I was not used to, made for a short first try. I rammed into my lifeboat, sending it flying towards the star around which it orbited. The force then knocked me from the module I was operating, and I drifted off into space, away from the star (looking at the other beautiful stars and planets), and into the darkness.Though there were some frustrating moments during my first attempt, I believed it all to be well worth it. I had, with no prior experience, learned how to operate my lifeboat, and venture into the unknown with nothing but an exo-suit on!+'s and -'s+ detailed ship environments+ in-depth computer panels and overall ship management, and repair, systems+ Vast universe to explore+ The Little Things (holding items and exo-suits in hands, free look, can see body, visor up/down ect.)+ Zero-gravity feels amazing and requires a fair amount of skill to operate in+ Orbiting, FTL, intertia travel and detailed manouvering/docking procedures+ Beautiful graphics (even when not maxed out)- Most of the controls are not in the controls menu. I needed to find them on the forums- No local chat- no character customization (not too big of a problem right now)- Very few times where I'd glitch through a wall and the ship would then have no hitbox and I would die in space- Navigation system in exo-suit is confusing- When you type keys binded to things in-game, they will perform the associated action- No in-game tutorial (had to watch Developer Let's Plays)- There is a glitch that removes my HUD and makes people turn invisible"
,Recommended,588210,30249059,Posted: 28 February,all,beep bop lettuce,"Well, I wish there was a mixed rather than a yes or no. If you want to support the devs as they make this game with amazing potential then buy it. If you want a finished game dont buy it yet. Its that simple. Right now its got a fair bit of content and is extremely immersive, but its also buggy and nigh unplayable in some cases. However its not really fair to judge as it isnt even an alpha yet.EDIT: New update fixed almost all the bugs, was able to play a full session without a gamebreaking thing happening. All we need now is some meat to the game and it will be the best space survival I've ever played"
,Not Recommended,588210,31370123,Posted: 25 April,all,HeinzeBowy,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET!!!The core game is a absolutely great idea, but the game is so bad with glitches/bugs that the game is broken. This game is unplayable right now DO NOT BUY IT. You will spend hours of this game collecting resources just to die by a very simple bug (like floating through a door) and once you die your ship is gone forever. countless hours of work will disapear because of a simple bug you would've never thought of or even did but still died evem trying to prevent it. I PROMISE YOU that you will die no matter how hard you try not to because this game is broken. I'll change this comment when the DEVS even try to fix some of these issues. Down rate this comment if you want but I told you soif you buy it.UPDATE REVIEW.So the game just updated and it made the game WAY better in terms of more content and ability to prvent things from floating out of the ship VIA more shelf space. You can also name stuff which is a really cool feature and same as before just more content crew room, shelfs, mining, weapons etc. However at this point the game is still unplayable broken, but if they fix the issues I will change this immediately to positive. The game after the update has problems matching velocity with other terminals and in general trying to stay with an object. Objects move away from you and you cannot match there velocity, it just keeps moving away specificaly from you."
,Recommended,588210,30301677,Posted: 3 March,all,[MF] Spence.B,All the idiots in reviews who don't understand the game bashing it. >.> Want it to be dumbed down to your level? go play the dozen other games ALREADY like that.Leave our little gem the way it is.
76561198049944241,Recommended,588210,32585692,Posted: 20 June,all,PotatoSpud,"This game is slowly becoming very popular, very fun, and Zero G is working hard to develop this early access game into a work of art.I'd recommend playing this game once 0.2 update is released as they are still working out the bugs within the game that make the game sorta unplayable.Don't let the bugs or issues within the game stop you from trying the game.Gameplay is unique, has real time zero gravity effects, weapons, customization ( once released in 0.2 ) exploring, and if you're a engineer or someone who fancy's tinkering with a ship's systems, changing parts out, replacing once defective, or perhaps you'd prefer just killing everyone on a space station, taking all their loot, hopping aboard a ship and exploring the galaxy as a bounty hunter because you just can.Best way to sum this game up is Rust + Space + exploring + building a base ( build a base by going out and collecting modules with your ship , then bringing them back to your base and attaching them to your main base )If you're curious about the gameplay, i'd recommend looking up youtube videos to see gameplay.Highly recommend this game and keep up the good work Zero G team!!!!"
76561198008324074,Recommended,588210,33921685,Posted: 30 July,all,2ugly,"Possibly the game many have wanted for a long while.  The immersion is great.  Better than most.  Newtonian Physics.  No BS magic arcade gameplay (or at least not much of it, some is obvioulsy necessary for gameplay).  If you don't like griefers ruining your survival efforts  as they so often do in every other MP survival based game Hellion offers a reprise from most of the problems.  Griefers want quick and easy satisfaction and Hellion doesn't give them that.If the devs can get the issues worked out this game will be a gem.  One of those that the main stream doesn't pick up on due to their lack of intelligence.Should mention that while other survival games have this large grind issue they generally call gameplay, Hellion's grind is gameplay.  Instead of having to click endlessly to gather what you need, Hellion will be having you do things that will maintain your attention.  Which will be the problem for most of the gamers out there.  Short attention span and if their hand isn't held they'll never learn on their own."
,Not Recommended,588210,34825101,Posted: 8 September,all,Ch405 W1th1n,"Let me start of by stating that I followed this game very close and bought this within 5 minutes of being released.Yes I know its early access and that is why I decided to wait 6-7 months before giving it a review so here goes...........this has the premise of being something great but I fear that it will never be, nothing has really changed apart from a very basic tutorial (still dont think it explains enough for new people) and a new starter module plus the orginal lifeboat module that does absolutely nothing so infact could have just left you with the orginal. 6-7 months in and there is still HUGE fps drops, HUGE lag (my ping was 25ms so it was not my internet connection) and nothing in terms of content apart from a few guns (whats the point? If the game runs terrible or there is nothing to do)The developers went for realistic space physics and alot of people moan about it being to hard but the trick is ""slow and steady"" and personaly flown to many places and docked many times (they have made the flying easier in fact).I would not recommend buying this game at all based on:- the absolute terrible idea of the devs releasing patch's on a slower scale (1 time per month) after the game only being realised 6-7 months ago.- the game runs no better now then first released.- absoutely mind boggling boring and serious lack of content or anything to do really.- they shutdown many server's from when the game was released (I take this as a ""wow our game is not doing so good so need to close servers to make it look more busy"")- the devolvers worked on making a basket ball and hoop but the games runs terrible- nearly no one on everI was so hoping this would fill a gaping hole in my heart but following this game closely I dont really have faith in the devolopers and am not pleased with what they have done in 6-7 months and I feel this will never be completed.this is based on my opinion from what I have personally seen, played and followed."
,Recommended,588210,30232962,Posted: 27 February,all,Mia,"(The Very Good)First of all, I love this game very much and have sunk more time into researching it and watching videos and trying it out (and so on!) than I ever thought I would for a game, I'm not much of a fan/fandom type person but this game sunk its claws into me very effectively. I have some misgivings about where it seems to be heading design-wise, but I love Hellion none the less.If you played Kerbal Space Program pre-release and liked it and could tolerate its bugs, well just understand that this game unceremoniously leaves you to fend for yourself in a stacked-odds environment and is equally rough around the edges as that was. (It's also rough in the middle, the front, the sides, and.... everywhere!)The thing that makes Hellion special to me is that it uses rather ""lo-fi"" tech. No frameshift drive that magically works without any thought, no warp gates, no rubbish. This is about operating semi-realistic, sort of NASA-style near future spaceships, not stuff so far-flung that technology looks and acts like magic.I haven't seen many draw the comparison yet, but if you've seen the movie Gravity, a lot of the problems you'll be dealing with in your first several newbie hours feel kinda like issues from that film. Replace CO2 scrubbers, check power supplies, make sure you don't blow yourself out an airlock by depressurizing the cabin, stuff like that. Everyone is forced to be an engineer and janitor in addition to whatever other roles they want.(The Maybe Bad)The only issue I'm seeing with the game at this point (provided you can handle its unforgiving nature) is that it doesn't really compel or pressure you into doing anything. Even a mellow game like The Sims has directorial/UI cues to make you want to dig in and get messy. And survival games like Ark and Conan use, like, doctorate-level psychology to make you want to claim, build, conquer, and be better than your fellow man.The point is, there's an element of pressure in a successful survival game, a continuing urgency that things aren't going to be alright unless you team up and/or make sure you're capable of dominating anyone who gives you a funny look. They bring out primal instincts so that you don't simply build a modest shack, get bored, and quit.I'm not saying that Hellion should be a PvP hellscape or something, but right now the players are so spread out, and the challenges are mostly thought-puzzles to figure out alone in your head, so there's not much that forces players to quickly and intensely clash with each other, and I think something like that will be needed for the playerbase to grow and stick around.Just some ideas off the top of my head: Freak wormholes that spit multiple people into the same area at random, fuel leaks that make resource hunting even more desperate, and so on, would really add a sense of forward motion to the gameplay. It's a survival game, not a sim, as far as I know. Which means predators, which would probably be in the form of malfunctions and natural events.Oh, and maybe the most important one: At least put in the *option* for a game mode with instant access to FTL and a very simple interface for it, and maybe shared starting areas too. Every player in the chat who says they can't team up because they're still trying to figure out how not to suffocate, is someone who might get frustrated and quit (and spread negative word-of-mouth). A quick, dead-stupid effortless way for people to clump together, tends to make or break online space games. People want companionship in the void, period.(tldr)If you want a good and serious space sim that has other people floating around now and then, that's what Hellion is right now and I recommend it for that purpose.It really does give ""the movie experience"", if you're a sci-fi buff I'm sure you'll be noticing how some climactic moments feel like you're reliving scenes from Star Trek and others. The level of detail and thought put into the game engine allows you to live some classic and very lifelike suspense scenes, and make difficult decisions you might've wondered how you'd handle if it was you in the hot seat.The devs just have to make it a little more aggressive and adversarial (a little, not a lot) instead of dumping a framework and hoping people will make their own fun. Cause even if you and I can, most people won't."
76561198048477037,Recommended,588210,30154149,Posted: 24 February,all,Architect,"For pre-alpha, it seemed pretty good. I played a tiny amount with an unbearable FPS (bad pc, not the game), but I managed to get sucked out of an airlock because I didn't hit depressurize, and I couldn't figure out how to put down my mask so I died from asphyxiation. 8/10."
,Recommended,588210,30322207,Posted: 4 March,all,Carpe Deez Nuts,"Space is a dangerous place. Anything can kill you. A pinched air hose, random space debris, radiation, your ship no-clipping through an asteroid, but you don't no-clip through it so you're squeezed out of a corner in your ship at Mach 10, flying through the void of space in just your space suit and what you had in your pockets. But we were ready. We've been training years for this. Thousands of Early Access titles- all getting stuck in trees, standing in fire, being able to take your hat off for there to be yet another hidden under it, bicycles kind of falling into the ground and then popping a permanently wheely, or something.This game is no different. It's f**ked at the moment, but I still want to play it SO BAD. The core gameplay mechanics are there and they're pretty great as far as I can tell. I can put a few modules together, knowing not to do x y or z in any certain order. Knowing not to turn on the engines unless I want the throttle to get stuck at either 100% or -100% throttle. Knowing to make sure your ship wont being flying towards the asteroid youre trying to mine because your ship will fly right ♥♥♥♥ing through it but you wont. Knowing if you grab on to an asteroid while trying to mine you can be flung off into space still even though that was patched. Knowing in what order to put what modules where so that you have enough oxygen/fuel to make it to the next point. Knowing it wont matter. KNOWING that after all these hours I've put into there is going to be a new glitch I come across that ends the game for me immediately. Yet...I click respawn..""I got it this time."""
76561197975323705,Recommended,588210,30173860,Posted: 25 February,all,WHOshotWHO,"It's EA but already pretty far along considering short time in development so far. The Devs are very quick about bug fixes and such at the moment, quite impressive. Hopefully the project keeps going full ahead well, very promising thus far."
76561197996770786,Recommended,588210,30173387,Posted: 25 February,all,Squared,"Opened a door, got suck out and died 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,588210,30177225,Posted: 25 February,all,[OGL5] WesF,Don't expect this game to cater to your needs. Be prepared to adapt or die.
76561198066872890,Recommended,588210,30201494,Posted: 26 February,all,jsopko90,"I am going to try to make this as cohesive as possible here. So Hellion takes place in a once thought bright future for humanity, two factions (Or more) attempted to Colonize the Hellion system, however a war broke out which destabilized the system, you are a colonist whom, like many others as a result of this war was put in cryo sleep and emerged a decade later to reattempt colonization once the system is stable.You got two options, to awake on a large station, or a life boat. Large stations give you the chance to play with others more quickly however give you more of a instantized threat when it comes to player versus player. Life boats allow you to start your journey alone to start, or with a friend who you can invite via the other cryo pod.So on to the mechanics, this game is pulse pounding. With newtonian physics and features full orbital mechanics, this is the kerbal space program survival simulator of them all. You will struggle to match velocities with a station or ship orbiting, you will have to keep an eye on your RCS, on your ship AND on your characters eva suit, lest you be marooned floating aimlessly in space. This game is unforgiving as it is rewarding once you acheive something by your own hard work.Let me tell you a story, I had finally reached the outside of my station after repairing its numerous systems, I spot a floating ship just maybe 80 meters away and eva over to it, after spending some precious oxygen and RCS reserves in my suit I manage to locate the hatch, I float slowly inside the hatch and shut the outer doors. An alarm goes off as I repressurize the chamber, fresh air floods the chamber and  after what was seconds felt like hours, flipped my helmet's visor up. I ended up repairing this ship after replacing numerous systems fromt the components I scavenged around it, I was on my way.I learned how to operate the nav system on my own, using vectors and orbital mechanics, my engines were still dead but, hell...it was something. RCS works anyways, so...this led me to my first FTL jump, plotting a massive jump to an asteroid orbitting a planet known as beythos, I think. The jump brought me there after 20 minutes of travel in a warp bubble (wow).Flash forward, i used the mining drills, everything was going great....aaaaand then as I left the ship I STUPIDLY locked myself out, on my return trip not noticing this I was near out of oxygen and rcs and entering the chamber, repressurized the entrance to my ship again.*Clicks F to open inner door**Doors unresponsive*Me:...What?.....OH♥♥♥♥♥♥THE LOCK...*Dies of no oxygen in outerspace shortly after :)*"
76561198102538939,Recommended,588210,30160894,Posted: 25 February,all,Azudras,"I would recommend this game, its a fantastic concept and has great potential. BUT! the devs NEED to put in some sort of tutorial. Flying your first ship is a trek, and docking to  your station is almost impossible to do!!!!!!. for someone jumping into the game for the first time, it is incrediblly hard to pick up what to do and how to do it. yes it just came out; but a tutorial should have been ready for game release!!!"
76561198009447375,Recommended,588210,30202482,Posted: 26 February,all,bluerat,"This game has loads of potential! I have played for ten hours so can give a small impression of the current state of the game.Firstly, it's fun and immersive. Frankly it's what I always hoped Elite Dangerous would be like (or may still become). I love the ship systems, the control panels and how involved maintainance is. I'm a big Trekkie so anything to do with the engineering side of running a ship makes me very happy. This is actually the first game i've ever played that allowed this kind of access to the way a ship functions - I hope the developers will make it even more in-depth as they go along. The potential is great indeed for ship complexity and how this effects survivability and pvp. I also love how complex navigation is and that travel is far from instant - i love how real this all feels!There are bugs bugs bugs everywhere >< but that's our job - to find them! but trust me, those bugs are not hiding or hard to find ;) Be aware, watch some videos to see for yourself.For me the bottom line is the potential of the game is vast and exciting. Do I recommend in it's current state? I do actually, yes. Despite the bugs? Yes! Why? Because there is great fun and immersion to be had already and to be along for the development ride I think (hope) will be fun too. I also not so secretly hope that the Elite Dangerous team will play this game for when they add the ability to move around ships, because this game has got something very very right in that regard!I will likely update this as development goes forward :)"
,Recommended,588210,30166007,Posted: 25 February,all,Piasecznik,"This game is a proof of concept of a promise to be outstanding to say the least.It has tons of bugs as you would expect from pre-alpha stage.If you like space sim, real life harsh experience where everything must be discovered hard way, everything you try could be fatal etc. then this game is for you.If you are impatient and like to contribute to this fantastic project - jump in immediately.If you however expect fully mature product - stay away, it will spoil your fun.If you are carebear who cry out loud for a guide, how to, whaaaa it's too dificult... go away and never come back. This game is not for you and will never be.As a concept it is very very promissing. Only risk is if developers will be able to keep up with their promise and deliver quality product."
,Recommended,588210,30193743,Posted: 26 February,all,The Obliderator,"I don't understand all the negative feedback. This game looks and plays awesome. I really like the concept and actual gameplay. Maintaining your ship and station really sucks you into the whole atmosphere. Yes, it does have some annoying bugs, but that is to be expected from a game that is not finished.Looking forward to play alot more of this game and how it will evolve in the future."
,Recommended,588210,30194320,Posted: 26 February,all,Man Of The Cloth,"This game has been released with some really good early gameplay mechanics, its complex while still being simplistic and intuititive enough to enjoy. Yes there are bugs but this is expected in an EA game, I have to say though n the 5 hours I have played so far it is ALOT of fun even with the LITTLE i have accomplished so far! So far I am impressed."
,Recommended,588210,30195250,Posted: 26 February,all,Havrek,"This game.......scratch that. This space simulation has great potential, but as of Febraury 26th it needs alot of work. The base gameplay and concept are solid, BUT there are many roadblocks that may keep you from enjoying the expierence. As many have pointed out there is a huge learning curve, which isn't the issue. The roadblock that you will need to overcome is tracking down the documentmentation, which you will need to track down. I found info on YouTube, Steam, Hellion Wiki, and Reddit.There are a couple of Dev walkthroughs on YouTube, but be cautioned that the explanations leave out critical steps. Their strong suit definitely isn't providing training. If your on the fence about the game watch the walkthrough, this will give you a sense of the game and who is developing it. In the video the Dev who at this point has the most expierence in the game dies a couple of times.....and apparently the module is upside down. This game doesn't only have a huge learning curve, but it is extremely difficult to execute maneuvers. Your going to need patience and alot of practice. The biggest roadblock here are the bugs and lag. Executing maneuvers can be very risky and the bugs and lag will affect your chances to be succesful.My last point. Your going to have to accept that AltCorp is a bunch of cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and while we maybe 200 years in the future...... the technology the Corporation is using is not. Everything that you do will be a manual process. They did not spend money on automating any systems or making the UI helpful. For example to access the Life Support system you have to walk to the life support system screen. Why the hell can't you access from the bridge? And what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ engineer puts critical system parts on the outside of a spaceship? Yeah the lowest bidder definitely builit your spaceship.So basically you are screwed. Your equipment is crap, your training is crap, and your stuck in a very hostile environment. So you can sit in the corner and die or you can get up and take control of your own destiny!.......and repeatedly die as you try and find your way out of the hand you been dealt."
,Recommended,588210,30209031,Posted: 26 February,all,ogreslayingknife,"finally got ship and station in order, nice.decide to fly to distress beacon to do some piracy :D1:30:00 flight time. Frak! ok,watches youtube for an hour and a half waiting to drop out of warpfinally arrive.Loot all of the AFK player's stuff, and shoot him, then vent atmosphere for good measure.back in my ship looking for new jump point.Le other pirate shows up.We jump out of our ships and start shooting at each other.lose sight of him as his ship starts flying away.head back to my shipmy ship is also flying away!hang onto airlock for dear life trying to get inside while sadistic pirate waits for it to almost depresurize before represurizingcant open door suffocate in space losing my ship and everything I own.10/10 would get tag teamed by rival pirate lovers."
,Recommended,588210,30319313,Posted: 4 March,all,Stefan,"If you are looking for a hybrid between space engineers and kerbal space program (with more limited crafting though), then you're looking at your next game here. If you then can look beyond the bugs and glitches Hellion currently has, you'll find a great game, albeit very early with not too much content yet.It has a bunch of bugs, like doors that occasionally freeze, ship controls being rotated in a weird way when docking the ship to a station (left becomes up, up becomes right-forward... ), collision for pieces in your ship missing, so you can drop your weapon and smaller equipment behind panels inside, esentially losing them as you cannot recover them and of course the occasional FPS drop. Last but not least: This game does have a learning curve! If you're in for a simple space fighting game with easy controls, keep walking. I for example hadn't left the station in the first 30 minutes, hadn't docked a module after 60 minutes and it took me 3 hours until I did my first warp jump, for there was enough to do in the meantime (and some bugs to be dealt with...)Most of that can be solved by briefly logging out and back in. One of the nice things then: You immediately return exactly where you left the server, be it your cargo hold, an airlock or your cockpit.The good: It's incredbily immersive. Repairing components of your ship by replacing them after opening a body panel is fun enough, having to access pieces of your ship where they are, instead of from every where makes these interactions feel meaningful, too.Imagine initiating a warp jump and 30 minutes before the countdown is down, you realize you have your reactor off and the jump would fail because the ship had drained the capacitor holding the required energy for the jump. So you quickly exit your seat, open the door behind you, run to the power control panel near the reactor and switch on the primary reactor, to then run back and sit down in time to comfirm the jump maneuver.Securing the doors with locks and remembering that the maintainance shafts beneath the floor also need to be locked to keep intruders outside...I think I'll play this for quite some time."
76561198032338213,Recommended,588210,30229444,Posted: 27 February,all,Colon:,"its a Pre Alpha and the devs are getting feedback and adaption requirements from the players.Theres been loads of interuptions so far from server admins being over officious from there mates asking for a reset of the servers,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The Updates will be coming thick and fast so expect interuptions there too.This is a cool game its tricky to get a grip on and it needs that Matching velocity asap. keep intouch with the dev pages things could ber interestin for this game. The Physics are true to life so expet to fret a little when you do a space walk.Colon: Out"
,Recommended,588210,30229862,Posted: 27 February,all,Snaxx,"A great proof of concept. A few good hours of content and discovery, with an optional loop in building a space station.Has great potential, and is refreshingly deep and difficult. Hopefully the developers continue to work on it and keep the direction, without taking out the depth."
76561198085521297,Recommended,588210,30229990,Posted: 27 February,all,Cat,"Ok, when I first got this game I was extremely hyped for it, sadly the Hype died off really fast as I didnt know the controls and it was simply frustrating pressing every dingle button trying to turn on your Jetpack. But now with the new F1 Menu that explains basic controls etc to you, and the YouTube tutorials like How to Warp, it is a really fun and enjoyable game. OF COURSE you will enqounter quite a few bugs/glitches as this is still an Alpha for example: A door simply wouldnt open anymore (I had to use the maintanance shafts) or I was mining an asteroid, the Asteroid desynched, and killed me by doing so etc. basic Alpha stuff. So I can highly recommend this game to people who love stuff like Space Engineers, Kerbal Space Programm, Space in general! Awesome Game despite the bugs/glitches you encounter!"
76561198014697301,Recommended,588210,30174423,Posted: 25 February,all,[No Monitor] H3r0,"I like this. I like it a lot. This is coming from a man that views Early Access with a large amount of skepticism. I learned about this the day it became available, and I was intrigued. The idea of being that grizzled old mechanic, just trying to keep things afloat with gum and duct tape until the next port, really speaks to me. So let's get into the details:1. Bugs - This game is buggy, like all Early Access, pre-alpha titles. It's annoying, it's insanely frustrating at times, but there's something about the content and sheer potential that draws me back to it. Maybe it's the Space Engineer inside me, maybe it's just the hope that something like this can really become something big. Screens will freeze, the game will lag, the character will cease to be able to interact with things, the server will kick you and you'll have to sit and wait for a ping to resolve before you can rejoin, but somehow, I just keep coming back. It's an addiction that's got a hold of me only 5 hours into the game.2. Player Direction - The game throws you into the thick of things with no assistance. For better or for ill. Less patient gamers will want to wait until this is fleshed out, otherwise, you're gonna spend some time trolling forums/subreddits/youtube trying to figure out the very basics of control. However, for the hardcore and patient stellar survivalist, this obstacle is easy to overcome. Experimenting in Hellion carries big risks, big rewards, and unrecoverable pitfalls, so it's do or die.3. Graphics - Gorgeous. You can tell that this was a focus from the very start. Even with the graphics settings on 'Fast', it looks good. Downsides? It's by far not optimized (I stress the word pre-alpha). Higher graphical settings WILL result in loss of frames, sometimes unbearably so, and when you're trying to dock a module to another that are all free-floating in a hard-vacuum picking up speed due to no inertial resistance, you're gonna get frustrated and throw something, be it your keyboard or your temper. However, there doesn't seem to be much of a loss of fidelity or aesthetics from lowering the settings.4. Physics - Ever wondered how hard it is to dock a module to the International Space Station in a hard vacuum with no resistance whatsoever assisting your earth-bound mind? Have fun! Or don't, you probably weren't cut out to be an astronautical pilot, anyway."
,Recommended,588210,30168203,Posted: 25 February,all,Fragnatix,"Hard game, but you need to watch some videos before coming here. Still, some bugs are out there. The game is a big hit and has potential. Until the next patch, you can just do basic stuff. FTL doesnt always work, Life Support seems bugged, but Ill keep playing the game!"
,Recommended,588210,30168868,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr Bryn 👌,So far So Good :).
,Recommended,588210,30177361,Posted: 25 February,all,AV21,"One of the best space games so far, Its jsut cool to think that  i can attatch my base on my ship and fly away from it. Other than bugs and servers going down allot. This game is awesome."
76561198005184765,Recommended,588210,30206652,Posted: 26 February,all,Glass_zero,"This is my first steam review  (I think), this is how good this game and the developers are.Imagine planting KSP in first person and add a survival element like rust or ark.  This is what this game is.It's very realistic and their attention to detail is amazing.Yes it has bugs, but probably the best early release I have seen. The developers are very involved in the community answering to question and helping players figure things out.  This type of game is not for everyone but it is good and the developers are amazing."
76561197992756789,Recommended,588210,30156676,Posted: 24 February,all,Vodok,I dont even know whats going on yet! I love it.
76561198141830004,Recommended,588210,30666769,Posted: 22 March,all,Snail Of Prey,"This game is a veeeery early access title, and to this point, most of the game is a bit of p.i.t.a. due to several bugs. But the devs already show a lot of nice space survival atmosphere, the beginnning of complex mechanics and very nice graphics. It's already fun for about 5-10 hours or more to find out what's that all up to, if you are able to stay relaxed when starting over and over again, because something odd makes you crash while warping, locks you out of your base, drops you through the floor of your base etc.If you like the dev's videos (of actually existing content) and visions, you might want to support them by buying this very early access game. Maybe the devs would have done better giving away this ""preview"" as ad for free in a crowd-funding campaign, but that's how it is now... Don't expect too much. It's very promising, but by far not stable or finished. Support them if you like the idea, but don't think you buy something that you can seriously play for hours and hours with your pals right now.Now to the game:You're set out in a life-boat in a catastrophic space scenario. Something really bad has happened during a travel to colonize another world, and debris and station parts are floating around. As this is pure multiplayer, up to two persons can spawn in one lifeboat, but this can be extended throughout the game by adding further modules. Other new players spawn in other life boats, somewhere.First, you have to do some minor repair and maintenance tasks on your lifeboat. You open the several panel covers that you find on the walls and the floors.. There are things everywhere around: Lockers, circuit panels, entrys to air vents. Spaceships are obviously complicated things, and the devs show you this fact very well. You exchange some technical parts that seem worn out by some stock parts. Here you get a glimpse at the upcoming complexity. Then you start the solar generator and life support systems and realize there's a space suit inside a locker.. so, you go for an E.V.A. and see that the docking airlock has broken away, and an empty utility vessel is floating in space.Since you got no airlock, you enter space the ""hard way"". You open a door and get flushed. Now, this is one of these moments that make the game special: You're spinning uncontrolled, your lifeboat gets smaller when you get a glimpse of it, you see stars, the nearby sun and a planet or moon spin around you. The sound is suddenly low, so you only hear your heartbeat. The atmosphere is very well done! You manage to handle your RCS pack, then orient yourself and thrust back towards the floating airlock module.There you have to take an external seat to maneuver and dock this big part to your lifeboat. All station modules can be externally controlled and moved - if they have enough RCS propellant. But it's not an easy task to move things in space. You know you need to hurry, because the sound of your heartbeat is getting quicker as oxygen runs low. The accustic setting of the module's thrusters is scary. Sounds can only propagate by the direct contact of the eva suit to the command seat, and this gives you a subtle feeling of how much space is strange place, hostile and deadly.If you docked the module successfully, your next task is to rescue the utility ship. That's a larger vessel with two decks, connected by an elevator. It has a warp drive. Additionally, you find some hand-mining equipment on the hangar deck. You learn how to dock this thing to your lifeboat and how to set up a warp course to a nearby asteroid to gather some ice or ore for important resources. Maybe your scanners find new station modules that you can tow home, or you see the ships of other players. Now you're glad about that rifle in the ship's locker...."
,Recommended,588210,30207514,Posted: 26 February,all,HunBroader,I think I died 10 times within the first 1 hour of playing.
76561198147963080,Recommended,588210,30206453,Posted: 26 February,all,jedijoemax,"this game has great potential, it would need a little more ships in the game but right now its at a great place. also maybe give the players a option to customize thier ships with modules. the game is a little buggy but its early acsess so dont judge its playability now, play the game and if you have issues send reports, it only helps the developers build the game and fix issues."
,Recommended,588210,30174466,Posted: 25 February,all,Rush B,"Excellent game, excellent developers. Less than 24 hours after release, there was a patch to address many of the major complaints about the game. Couldn't ask for more."
76561198092748476,Recommended,588210,30327202,Posted: 4 March,all,DUKEYBABY,long way to go but ace game! cant wait for whats next
,Recommended,588210,30201540,Posted: 26 February,all,boylah,"This chiwawa in space reccomends this game.Still alpha / early access, though. Keep that in mind. But has huge potential.Can't wait to see where's gonna take us."
,Recommended,588210,30181186,Posted: 25 February,all,Kruzer,"Awesome game, not easy, not your vreage space game either. It has full real life space physics and an amazing start. Getting started and flying is not very easy but it is fun once you get past that it is really fun!"
,Recommended,588210,30337328,Posted: 5 March,all,Sam Slade,"Obvious game is unfinished disclaimer.Core space mechanics are excellent; far better then anything I've seen before(if these guys had the Star Citizen budget...).Space Flight is really hard to execute well BY DESIGN.  All the negative commentary here about sluggish this and laggy that are coming from folks who want a space shooter full of star wars magic... this is not that game.If you liked the feel of Alien: Isolation and want to do that with humans, wishlist/buy this and wait; if I'd been able to pour the cash I wasted on Star Citizen into this I would have."
76561198003920044,Recommended,588210,30160924,Posted: 25 February,all,t_clark,"Having a blast with Hellion, really detailed interiors, everything seems to be interactive, has a great sci fi atmosphere and a lot of promise for what's to come.Usual caveats apply though, it is an early access game, performance issues abound and a lot of the elements are unfinished.Also, if you haven't watched YouTube vids and developer let's play vids, then Hellion doesn't have a learning curve as much as a brick wall, not a criticism as it's to be expected with early access, but for anyone who is completely uninitiated it will be very daunting.If you can live with all the quirks of an early access title then you'll find a very engaging sci-fi universe and a game that's unlike anything else :)"
,Recommended,588210,35392479,Posted: 1 October,all,Dancid,"Can't tell you if this game will ever be finished, but if space survival is your thing, it's pretty damn amazing. Expanse simulator sasa?"
76561198002870322,Recommended,588210,30203320,Posted: 26 February,all,Pax,Yes this game has a ways to go to being finished but for a game that came out a few days ago its pretty fun.. its a very intense game.... you will learn at the begining to preserve ALL your resources. Yes there are bugs that will make you have to start over... but at the same time you screwing up a manuver or getting killed in combat can do that too... you will learn it takes time and skill for this one right here no hand holding in this game and thats what makes it great... its very unforgiving very much the same as being in real space... you need to plan your moves. concerve your recorces and not rush into things..
,Recommended,588210,30155060,Posted: 24 February,all,Rikuu The Werewolf Riolu,It needs workbut it has a chance.
,Recommended,588210,30198670,Posted: 26 February,all,EndGame,"It's true, the game might have been released to early access just a BIT too early. I do like the lack of hand holding; for once a game makes us think. I havent had the crazy crashing issues like other people have had.There is loads of potential for Hellion. What these developers have accomplished in a relatively short period of time in comparison to other developers in notable.I would recommend this game to people who are wary of Early Access bugs. Don't forget developers need to eat still, too!"
76561198005256136,Recommended,588210,30198863,Posted: 26 February,all,Blu,"It's EA.  But it's a challange, it's fun and it has potential.  The devs are active and are communicating.  Two patches out already.If you are shy about EA, at the least you should follow this one.  It looks like it will be a good one."
,Recommended,588210,30184432,Posted: 25 February,all,Flibble,"As of launch day.This game is equivalent to Rust survival + Kerbal Space Program physics + sci-fi heaven. Its amazing and brilliant and buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ The learning curve is steep but the pure concept of it and the potential for growth keeps me playing.Or in the words of the Hellion devs -""Ok people, you can die in our game. That's the point."""
76561198263576487,Recommended,588210,30198423,Posted: 26 February,all,JB89,Game is pretty buggy right now but I'm rolling with it. The atmosphere and setting are amazing. I'm really enjoying the game so far
76561197981900687,Recommended,588210,30206246,Posted: 26 February,all,ZBH,Jaw dropped for alfa.
76561198042648524,Recommended,588210,30570318,Posted: 17 March,all,CrusaderKiller,"I really want to like ths game, but I can't. At this point, I simply can't recommend it. It is too hard core. Docking is impossible accept for maybe the elite gamer. The problem the devs will have is a very small player base because the normal player will get discouraged and quit. Game is a brilliant concept but too difficult to master - quite imporrible rather.EDIT: I am changing my review to recommend because this game needs a player base and would benefit for higher reviews. In all honestly, the graphics are great, it runs well in alpha on a mid class machine, and the game is very addictive. I posted based on the difficulty of docking, but the other aspects still exist. Docking takes a ton of patience and practice, so giving a negative review based on a small amount of play time is un fair to the devs. So, I do recommend the game and hope the devs take it places.  now one thing that would be NICE!!! is somekind of training tutorials for dummys like me...............or Moron, as another ""educated"" player refered to me as."
,Recommended,588210,30204305,Posted: 26 February,all,Prolasis,Great game while you wait for star citizen. I hope in the next few weeks this gaem gets a lot of updates
76561197972348024,Recommended,588210,30154578,Posted: 24 February,all,Fuub,"Very difficult game, but extremely rewarding. Lots of potential"
,Recommended,588210,33891315,Posted: 29 July,all,Halo3 odst coffemmm!!,this is a great game i just wish i had better graphics cards and more ram so i can play it i almost have enough ram to play 3.88 ram ready for use but i think i will get some more ram btw just a side note make it so that when you go in the game it tells wether or not you meet the system requirements for people that buy and instantly play i play even though its a little hard to but great game otherwise.
,Recommended,588210,30228124,Posted: 27 February,all,Strad,"Not for weak players.  DEFINITELY for hard-core SciFi Nerds.  These guys have built a really really good simulation of life and survival in space habitat.  You will die, just try to use your brain and figure things out. :-)   Also, it's ALPHA so save your questions until the end of the beta.Note to Developers: Keep going! It's going to be amazing!!!"
76561198001937173,Recommended,588210,30281411,Posted: 2 March,all,ThisFknGuy,"I do enjoy this game a lot. There are things that have to be fixed but that comes with early access. I've been able, with a friend, dock our lifeboats together but it seems once we do that things go haywire. We are on our own server so we can restart as needed but my hope is eventually that won't be necessary.My suggestion is purchase now and play for an hour or two but do not go in with high expectation that everything is perfect."
76561198033295629,Recommended,588210,30309662,Posted: 3 March,all,Shadow,"Excellent physics, immersive gameplay. This game is perfect for anybody who loves space. If you buy Hellion as of the time I'm writing this review, you're going to be buying a slightly buggy, somewhat unoptimized, and partially realized version of what the game could be. Hopefully the game will get all updates, patches, etc. required for it to be truely enjoyable. In my opinion, the flight system needs a rework, and the PvP could use some attention as well. I think you should buy if you want an amazing 2 hours (or more) of hardcore space survival, as well as the promise of a fully realised vision in the future. If you're interested, but are remaining cautious (I don't blame you, early access has a shakey track record) keep an eye on it, and see how it is in a few months."
,Recommended,588210,30340737,Posted: 5 March,all,Ruffian,"I love Hellion. I've been playing solo, with my friends, and even with popular streamers! It's such a fun game, and I've had time to talk to the developers, and they are really down to earth, and fix bugs as fast as they can, while also adding new features. Totally reccomend it!"
76561198036741606,Recommended,588210,30434730,Posted: 10 March,all,ClezBot,Awesome game can't wait to see how it developes in future. Worth every cent
76561198016200883,Recommended,588210,30278805,Posted: 2 March,all,NovakRamov,"I bought game today.And...I am amazed, truly.Its so immersive but hard.EVA and Newtonian together make this like realy good start for future jewel in space simulation/survival.Its a must have for Sci/Fi lovers. Its first day of Alpha buts it is very very promising.I cant wait for new content and stuff. Good work ZG!!!!"
76561198064874252,Recommended,588210,30358404,Posted: 6 March,all,DarkCrow,"yes kinda a risk taker to spend 25$ on a game thats in alpha, but if the devs continue to finalize this game than it is truly an awesome space survival game. It was a good investment on my part. I love the alpha, i hope they fix al the bugs soon!"
76561198247522036,Recommended,588210,30263136,Posted: 1 March,all,Sxrxrr,"This game is amazing and frusterating at the same time. I enjoy every idea about this game and where it is going.  the first 5/6 hrs i think I reset and died over 50x trying to figure it out.  Now that I have a little idea of what is happening I have a huge desire to keep pushing my limits and see what else I can find.  Def would recommend with friends so you can help each other but remember it is EARLY ACCESS, IT IS BUGGY but fun as hell and in last 6 days the game has been out it has had 3 updates that has changed some bugs.  Cant wait to see what they come up with next! Will update as I get more into the game.PLEASE DONT MAKE THIS GAME EASIER: I enjoy not being able to play with the COD, first shooter, no skill having trolls that are hating on this game. Hopefully this game will open your eyes to the lack of everything you dont have."
,Recommended,588210,30174993,Posted: 25 February,all,3DS☆MAX,"This is amazing,  No stupid help , no stupid tutorial.   FIGURE IT OUT... I LOVE THIS GAME.. THIS GAME IS ONE OF THE FIRST GAME I'VE PLAYED IN NEARLY 15 YEARS THAT ACTUALLY WAS FUN TO PLAY."
76561198108056113,Recommended,588210,30582760,Posted: 17 March,all,King Cookie,Great Game and has great Potential
,Recommended,588210,30660650,Posted: 21 March,all,artCeptual,"Tl;dr: keep an open mind.I do like Hellion.  It looks, sounds and plays extremely well for being in early access.  I reccommend this for the sheer risk/reward factor involved in almost everything you have to do.In some ways, this kind of game would benefit from some kind of forgiveness at some point, but this would be at odds with being in space (other than you don't suddenly teleport 3Km away from your ship when you start an EVA).I often feel like the century of cryo sleep has definitely left my player with real brain damage, as I would expect some level of intuition, or ship/audio feedback.  But the whole experience is frosty and lonely.  It's also frightening how quickly desperate players will kill you for anything when you would think they could use the help... I'm the one doing the killing mind you!  Hahaha.It has a truck load of bugs, but life would be better if there was some kind of AI companion that would at least hint at what might need some focus on your todo list.  Thank God there is no current need to feed my guy.   Yet... :SFTL is a proper nightmare, and the captain's control panel needs some better illumination as half the time it's shrouded in darkness.  The navigation HUD needs HD resolution readouts to actually read the distance and marker info, instead of relying on the Contacts list or tabbing out to use the zoom.Air lock cycling is buggy in windowed mode as it doesn't always register the click, as is the way the cursor can still appear on the chrome when moving around.  The ship RCS manoeuvring (also, there are some spelling errors [i.e.: personnel & manoeuvring]) controls are unnecessarily awkward as it doesn't seem to be smooth or progressive when countering a pitch or yaw.  Other times it performs fine.  Could this be lag?On the note of movement: don't put the game in windowed mode and bind your walking commands to the mouse buttons 4 + 5.  I only did this because, despite my left arm being in a cast right now, I still wanted to play this game!  But MB4+5 in WM is hacky and it often doesn't register the input from the mouse.  #argh.Stuff goes missing if you put it under the drill rack; you can load a drill with an ore canister and battery only to lose it when you put it back on the rack; stuff floats for no reason; players disappear as though melting through surfaces; FTL is a headache; orbit calculations - don't even; but, for all of the negatives, let me say:It looks, sounds and runs well; the POV animations are nice, the UI is snappy and often informative, the suits are responsive, the hold mechanics work like a charm, and the ships are enriching experiences.I would love to see ZG's pin board for development because I seriously enjoy this game.Please consider playing this with a friend.  Oh, and F1 is a must!"
,Recommended,588210,30603138,Posted: 18 March,all,Masaru Isamu,the game may have its bugs And such but the possability of this game is awesome I hope to see great things from hellion! :D
76561198001173352,Recommended,588210,31386990,Posted: 26 April,all,darklazer,"Its an very fun game, one of the more realistic and entertaining survival games I've played.Quick Review-I DONT RECOMEND PURCHASING IT RIGHT NOW.I think we've seen too many trageties where devs have awesome starts, and then never deliver a finished product.I sincerely hope this is not the case, but the dev team seems to be on track and doing their best.Issues: Poor FPS,More bugs than Australia, Lack of features to keep you going for a long time.The most annoying part for me so far, is my mining drill won't eject the ore cannisters, or sometimes just eats them and says there isn't one attached.Trying to dock is like trying to put your flacid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥inside of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ whilist the other person is spinning and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Pro's:Active Dev teamBeautiful graphicsRealistic space simulationspawning on the station, someone depressurized the station, unable to get into a space suit before i suffocate 10/10.All in all, i say wait and watch.It has fantastic potental, and is already fun to play, but the list of bugs needs to shrink and my fps counter needs to go up before i can reccomend a buy."
76561198168739230,Recommended,588210,30185382,Posted: 25 February,all,I_Ethan_Pan,Love it! Can't wait too see what the game becomes. Needs intra dampeners.
,Recommended,588210,30545489,Posted: 16 March,all,Chryseus🍸,"Hellion is a very good game if you're interested in space or survival games, i's important to note that this game uses reasonably accurate physics so don't expect it to be easy to learn or play, you will spend your first few hours dying, in addition there are severe bugs at the current time so if you're not willing to deal with that do not buy it.The core gameplay mechanics as they stand are quite solid and should be even better once crafting is added, I'm not terribly fond of the PvP concept but it seems to work so far, probably somewhat down to the difficulty keeping the immature players away which I can only consider to be a good thing, hopefully they will add something like factions at some point so you have a reason to work with other players rather than shoot them.What makes Hellion the best is the atmosphere, it feels like a proper space game, the only thing I can compare it to is Star Citizen, this has a definite edge over it with the station building and the orbital mechanics so I would definitely recommend it."
76561198164690204,Recommended,588210,30673136,Posted: 22 March,all,pabavard,"Work fine for an alpha, very nice realistic space game, love it"
,Recommended,588210,30364352,Posted: 6 March,all,Mud Hut Mike,Developers are responsive and fix issues. They geniunely work hard on their game. This is not a fly-by-night operation looking for a quick cash grab. If you are sensitive to game bugs and issues you may want to wait a few weeks before purchasing. For me the game in its current form is worth the price point.
,Recommended,588210,30210925,Posted: 26 February,all,Paladin,"First and formost posatives, the concept is Brilliant!, ive been waiting for a game like this the ammount of detail the physical intereation with the environment the buttons that need pushing the doors that need opening the whole aspect of base building, space ships ectcons I see: the movement ships, character the whole docking integration needs some work NEED 3RD PERSON VIEW especially when docking a ship to a base need more to do maybe add some pirates to defend against or something and the ability to lock bases or shields and point def lazers lolz add it all make this an all out every aspect game."
,Recommended,588210,30209630,Posted: 26 February,all,MostlyUseless,"Give the devs some time, and this will be one of the greatest games ever!"
76561198049308830,Not Recommended,588210,30360262,Posted: 6 March,all,qazwsx60,A great game concept however with the lag on the servers and that you have to get extremely close befor automatic docking engages it is nearly impossibal to dock a module. I think ther needs to be either mor oxygen available for longer time. Or the docking process needs to be easier as the mechanics with the lag make it nearly impossible to succeed. I will continue to play and hope that positive changes will be made . if so i will chaing my review only time will tell.
76561198012224753,Recommended,588210,30211672,Posted: 26 February,all,Schapie,"I highly recommend this game.You can clearly see the dedication already with how great it looks, how smooth it runs (ofcourse there are the occasional bugs) and just how real it all feels. I mean this game really gives you the idea of outer space and not some arcady type game but real outer space. I have heard alot of negativity from various streamers and regular players about how bad the game is etc, its a great game with just a steep learning curve.Tutorials are added and everybody can learn to play it, however i recommend playing it with a friend. The game is a bit low on content atm but what's in right now is high quality content. and i cant wait for the upcoming stuff. Also dont forget to help the devs fight bugs! We all benefit from them knowing about them."
,Not Recommended,588210,30347692,Posted: 5 March,all,Jono,"They just patched and ALL if this still applies, in fact now the controls are even worse so the whole part below: ""Also a serious issue: if you dock with your starter modules on anything but the front your movment controls will go to hell, seriously DONT DO IT! *Docking the airlock to the front causes up and down to inverse, just dock it to the side*""no longer applies, all movement is FUBAR now lol.Good conecept but by FAR the worst controls of any space game I've ever played.You cant tell your speed only how fast you're moving away from a target so if you're drifting and have nothing nearby to target GOOD♥♥♥♥♥♥♥luck buddy! you may as well just restart.You have a nav map that lets to set custom coordinates, but cant do anything with them and wont show up in the HUD, also they only apply to some random plane with nothing on it so you cant use it to say mark an actual POI.This game is based in 2300 and they've yet to invent a computer that can tell you how fast you're going and in what direction?  *crappy computer but that 1 tiny solar panel can absorb enough energy to run an entire space station... maybe we should get their tech and stay out of space because clearly they're not ready for it*Seriously needs a button to stop your movement, shift is nice but it needs to stop all directions not just pitch and yaw.Also a serious issue: if you dock with your starter modules on anything but the front your movment controls will go to hell, seriously DONT DO IT! *Docking the airlock to the front causes up and down to inverse, just dock it to the side*Also cant FTL travel as of this update, asked 3 people who've played much more than me and all confirm it's broken (after you confirm you cant align, the marker never shows up)... so you're stuck with nothing to do after you link everything together."
,Recommended,588210,30180517,Posted: 25 February,all,{FwF} Order Include,Yes
,Recommended,588210,30226478,Posted: 27 February,all,FunnyGamer,"This game is complicated.It's very early access right now, and is suffering from quite a number of issues (server lag making low-speed RCS maneuvering basically impossible, for example). However,  when it works, you see the potential, and the potential is YUUUUUUGE.If you like space simulators, consider it. Otherwise, stay away (and don't cry when you get confused)"
76561198045775380,Recommended,588210,30223074,Posted: 27 February,all,Goblox,"As a massive fan of all things space and sci-fi, Hellion finally scratches all of the itches I have had in space games.Some of the best features are full Newtonian physics, survival mechanics that **for once** don't include food and water (thank Gob) as the main mechanic for on going survival, and a very immersive feeling of actually being in space.Don't get me wrong, it wouldn't be an EA title of it didn't have the game breaking bugs and server desync issues, but I feel Hellion is definitely going in the right direction.At the end of the day, Hellion is a smart game that requires actual thinking and intelligence rather than just going through the motions. I hope the devs never dumb the game down to appeal to the causal gamers because it is incredibly fun and rewarding with its current difficultyHowever, if you're trying to get something polished in which you can relax and play, Hellion is not the game for you."
76561198118873819,Recommended,588210,30248987,Posted: 28 February,all,KosKallah,"First and foremost, it's in alpha release as I am writing this review.This is a very interesting survivial game that start by you having to put an almost FUBAR, 100-year old space station back online component by component and goes on towards piloting ships, mining-and-crafting, scavenging other station's modules to build your own stations and fighting or coperating with other players to ensure your survival and... fun.Two things make this game stand out in the crowd of alpha early access games: the completeness of the environments we see (the station/lifeboat you start is a fully playable modular structure of the type that will be used by you later, when you start to make your own stations ; there are resources and their economy looks like something we can play, not just a distant project or a dream; the first challenges you face are simple enough to be a ""tutorial"" and guide you through the whole idea of the game - without bothering us with a formal tutorial) and the whole idea of the game, placing afirst-person view of a spaceborn cyberpunk environment (like the type you see in the Alien movie franchise or the human faction of Starcreft) together with a space simulation sandbox. It's a GREAT idea and I will love to see it taking shape.I must warn you that there are bugs... plenty of them to say that the game is not fully playable for now... but, I repeat, it's alpha and that is how it is supposed to be.That said, I recommend it. :)"
76561197970863962,Recommended,588210,31052640,Posted: 9 April,all,Gh0stWrecker,"If you are willing to take the time to figure things out (not everything, some things are obvious) and take your time with it....the game is fantastic.  If not...you are going to have a rough time and rage refund without actually experiencing the game."
76561198185854511,Recommended,588210,32764591,Posted: 25 June,all,HITMAN_3,"So far a great game. Still much work to do but HELLION has a promising future. I hope we can see more points where you can trade with other people like spacestations or moons or even planets. More ships are ofcourse expected in the near future, after all it is space game."
76561198087933619,Recommended,588210,32841326,Posted: 26 June,all,Assailer,"Besides the UI is getting stuck and requires relog, this game is really good. UI is a great negative here, but giving an up vote as i want to see this game succeed."
,Recommended,588210,30385430,Posted: 7 March,all,Lenz219,"Kinda confusing, but fun to try and figure out, docking needs fixed"
76561198015537772,Not Recommended,588210,30356387,Posted: 6 March,all,Captain Ed Mercer,"Don't get me wrong the game is great in some way, but in its current state wouldn't recommend it, controls are buggy, I spend more than a half hour piloting the ship back to base and still couldn't do it, I totally understand this is early access but the game need serious patches to properly pilot the ship, move and docking modules, however, this game is competition for Star citizen,Therefore I gonna refund it, I'm coming back in the next few months when there are more updates"
76561198037749623,Not Recommended,588210,31386964,Posted: 26 April,all,kevindurling,"Looks interesting, but you'd better have a brand new high end graphics card otherwise you'll get to watch a short slide show before it crashes. I'll check it out again in a year or so to see if there's been any optimization, like I said, looks good but in it's current state it's unplayable on my system which I can play Star Citizen on with no problems."
,Not Recommended,588210,31440740,Posted: 29 April,all,BlackList - PaXo0,After 4 hours of trying to dock my ship to my station i have gaven up next time make a game where you can actually do stuff without it being too complicated far as im concerned i would never play this game again until they fix there♥♥♥♥♥
76561197976916954,Not Recommended,588210,31529236,Posted: 3 May,all,General Clang,"I do not recommend at this point. Buggy as hell, sometimes even un-playable, and a serious lack of stuff to do. Perhaps in the future I will revisit this title and review, but as of now I can't recommend.[UPDATE Sept 2017]I still do not recommend this game at this stage. The controls have become useable, however beyond docking things together there still isn't much to do. I can travel to asteroids with my ship to mine it, yet all that seems to do is give me resources to refuel the ship and my Oxygen/RCS pack. Beyond that I don't see anything else.I just feel that the game exists to make you use resources only to replace them and nothing else. Servers seem pretty devoid of people making PVP a non-issue and with a lack of any PVE it just becomes ""Spaceship Docking Simulator 2017""."
76561198089334064,Not Recommended,588210,31309817,Posted: 22 April,all,cmwardy2000,"WOW!!!  This game needs work.  The controls for moving ships, EVA and other equipment around are horrible.  It needs a ""Stop all motion"" button which actually works.  That's kind of what computers on board your ship are for.  Spent 4 hours trying to not give up, but in the end, I'm out.  Hope it gets better in the future."
,Recommended,588210,31053066,Posted: 9 April,all,RogueJP,"This is an AMAZING space survival simulator.  It's extremely realistic and involves micromanaging all your space equipment, from the various parts of your life support system, warp drive, RCS equipment, Engine, and more.  Your parts degrade and you have to replace them with scavaged parts found around the wreckages you encounter in space.  Orbital mechanics are realistic, physics modeling in 0-gravity are great and the feeling of being in control of everything is spot on.  Game is in pre-alpha, so yeah, you will find bugs or content that is not yet available. However, you can have hours of fun anyways.  What's truely amazing, as a Star Citizen backer, this game allows you to do much more which is quite amazing as I assume they don't have nearly the devs as Star Citizen does (or money).  Makes you wonder....  Anyways, HIGHLY recommend this game, it will be truely amazing when it's past alpha stage. Watch the tutorials on youtube to see for yourself before buying. You will like it if you like survival and simulation."
76561198030969723,Not Recommended,588210,30340399,Posted: 5 March,all,belzebot,"Hellion has a lot of potential, but as of right now it's a complete mess. The number of bugs is staggering, almost everything is somehow broken. Wait a couple of months until most of the issues are hopefully fixed, then consider buying."
76561198226152136,Recommended,588210,31686616,Posted: 11 May,all,Sector 17,"Hellion certainly shows promise, one to watch.Newtonian physics are a big plus.  If anyones looking for a new home after leaving Starcitizen this might fit the bill."
76561198345632262,Recommended,588210,30673111,Posted: 22 March,all,Ark,I like the idea of the game and it looks good but flying the ships and controlling moguls is just so hard if there was a way to compactly stop your movement that would be grate and I don't mean (shift) that just stops rotation
76561198356421303,Recommended,588210,34042098,Posted: 5 August,all,designersox,"I definitely recommend this game for two reasons, note that each require at this point a specific type of player. One, this is EA, and though issues crop up, this is a prime opportunity for player types to undauntingly experience an incredible build, though with some frustrating issues and many details still held in development. Two, this is not easy. If you're thinking about flying around wherever you want and performing certain tasks with ease, this all requires practice. If you want easy, this is not your game. Considerible, intellegent learning curve involved which requires time to develop skills. Spacewalks, and ship travel are not a quick learn.The community is small but great, and if you like being part of something in development, having inputs, etc. there's nothing better I've found."
,Recommended,588210,30152370,Posted: 24 February,all,Zcythe,"ArmA in Space, Game is fun, Zero-G works with practice. Scavenging is fun as all hell, And I've died 5 times. And the occasional bugs,http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/158027756680978542/C5A1D747B56635BF856386BE72BB68C8A17AA753/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/158027756681384245/4F042896617D7AF6BBF2589585734EBD8ABEB365/"
,Not Recommended,588210,31093107,Posted: 12 April,all,twin,"The multiplayer doesn't have network interpolation, so when the server isn't running properly, object movement stutters, making it very difficult to precisely manuever in space.This is a constant problem because servers never run as they should, and are always laggy.There are countless issues I've encountered that center around poorly designed networking code, which makes me wonder if this is anotherStar Citizenspace art project turned videogame.I understand the vision the developers have for the game, and believe it is a solid idea, and overlooking all the issues, the gameplay has potential to be an absolute blast.It needs a lot of work though.This is one to keep an eye on, but in my opinion only meets the most recent standards of early access gameplay."
,Not Recommended,588210,30350812,Posted: 5 March,all,QbertTheKiller,"Needs bugs patched desperately.  I recommend this only to people who are in it for what this game will be. When stuff works it's amazing.  When stuff doesn't work you'll find yourself doing the following:Suffocating in a sealed oxygenated environmentSuffocating in a sealed oxygenated spacesuit.Becoming a human torpedo when switching from 0 G to gravity (character tweaks out speeds around uncontrollablyFramerate lag with more than 2 playersInput lag with more than 5 playersFalling through the floor of your spacecraftFalling through the floor of your space station.If you've made it past all that with an open mind. Give it a week or two until you purchase the game. It needs work and when you buy this, bear in mind you're investing into the future of the game vs the current product."
76561198006561843,Not Recommended,588210,30362951,Posted: 6 March,all,Darkside99x,"Not counting the usual EA bugs that one should expect from such a title, the main Issue I've had is the online only requirement.The game requires the tiniest amount of adjustments during a docking process and even the smallest amount of input delay due to lag has game ruining consequences knocking stations out of orbit and spinning of into the night.Cant fully test the game due to the need to be online and cant tell whats due to actual bugs and lag.Check back in a few months when its further along."
,Recommended,588210,30153133,Posted: 24 February,all,playin on,"Great game however, as you would expect with an alpha, it is a little bit buggy. I would personally wait to but it until it has gone through some fine tuning however still great. 8/10"
76561198129083635,Not Recommended,588210,31683689,Posted: 11 May,all,bear grylls,This game is early access within early access I mean you have to apply to play the pre release and the one you can get acces to is just a big farm shouldnt have bein release ed at all its a bare bones of a game
,Not Recommended,588210,30325568,Posted: 4 March,all,Funky,"I don’t really feel you can make a solid review of this game other than wait and see what happens with each weeks update. However these are the bugs/solutions I have found with it at this point in its development so far and you can make your own decision if you want to be a part of it.Bug/Solutions1.	FPS issues still are plaguing the game mainly at random outpost. I spawned at one that had 10 ships spawned in which just crashed the game. Also letting people just take the resources out of a newly spawned ship doesn’t help from getting out of a random outpost area and back to your base. (My solution don’t spawn at these if you can and pray you have an untouched ship spawn!)2.	Random resources are being taken out of the stations + ships when unlocking still. (Solution is shutting everything off.)3.	Air system needs a huge overhaul I have died so many times just sitting in my cockpit. To find that for no reason at all the AirQ is stuck on cooldown and not cycling the air. This usually happens when I have undocked with something and the bug never goes away yes all my parts are at 100% with full O2 and nitrogen + power fuel. (Solution wear an EVA suit always.)4.	RCS stops working for no reason even after re-login yes I have full fuel Nitro + 100% quality parts. (Solution Pray this doesn’t happen to you!)5.	Items glitching through the Stations + ship after using the new throw function never to be found again. This will be a major issue when the Basketball + hoop comes out lol. ( Solution don’t throw items set them down gently and make sure they aren’t floating)6.	Server side info to user side info not sync’d up. I can’t count how many times I have to re-log so I can either see the docking ports of a module to grabble to, or even just seeing other objects in space on the monitors of the ship. (Solution Re-log, Re-log oh yeah Re-log!)7.	Outpost O2 is being sucked dry even when no one is in it the rate at which it depletes is unmanageable. (Solution shut everything down if you really don’t need it wear EVA Suit!)8.	Glitching through stations/Ships is still a thing and will kill you ( Solution wear EVA suit)"
76561197970841231,Not Recommended,588210,34949620,Posted: 14 September,all,swmarks,While I understand the desire for realistic flight controls I must be missing some critical knowledge in understandinf how to control the ship. I would think that with the futuristic setting we would see computers advanced enough to calculate the orbital mechanics required to keep the ship stable in relation to objects orbiting the planet without  ridiculous constant manual adjustments. It could be that the game is still in early development however in its current state I find it completely unplayable.
,Not Recommended,588210,34738445,Posted: 4 September,all,Kalamity Kate,"*Update* - The latest patch made things even worse. The game no longer has frames per second, but rather SECONDS PER FRAME! My computer specs more than meet the recommended specs, but this three-seconds-per-frame nonsense is awful.The game has a great concept, but it's a LOOOOOOOOONG way from being playable. Constant rubber banding, random teleportations away from your ship or outpost, slow response time, tons of lag, buttons frequently don't work, graphical glitches everywhere, and random deaths all the time due to elevator glitches and various other glitches.The starter ship is badly designed and needs a complete overhaul. The tutorial system is almost nonexistant. Warping to any location is painful and unnecessarily difficult. Moving modules is kinda cool but needs work. Moving the outpost is a massive pain in the rear and it really shouldn't be this bad.It seems like the devs are more focused on unoptimized graphics than gameplay or bug fixes. You don't need the best graphics to make a great game. This has the potential to be a great game, but there are major problems.Everyone spawns around the same planet and everyones stuff is free and open to raiding by anyone at anytime. No defenses and no way to deter looters. The game needs a LOT of work before it becomes playable. At this time, you'll end up starting fresh over and over and over with no end in sight.At this time I cannot recommend the game. It has great potential, but the game code and several game concepts need to be fixed before it becomes playable. I'll redo my review if this happens."
76561198039645449,Not Recommended,588210,30197028,Posted: 26 February,all,Fives,I don't reccomend the game at this point in time. Mostly because there are bugs that have kept me from making any progress in 2 hours. The performance is horrible at the moment when doing anything with station modules and input lag makes everything harder than it has to be. I'm sure this will be fixed in the future so I would just wait for some time before you buy this. I will also change my review after these problems are fixed.
76561198120376393,Recommended,588210,30153076,Posted: 24 February,all,Logan,"basically unplayable at this point because of the dogshit servers, but the gamplay is fun if it ever works"
,Recommended,588210,31227798,Posted: 18 April,all,GLotsapot,"This game has SO much promise, and gets better with each weekly patch.- The graphics are absolutely beautiful (although FPS is low currently when lots of modules on screen).- This is honestly the first real space survival game that I can even think of, and they're doing an excellent job- True 0G navigation controls- Ships docked to stations, orbiting moons, orbiting planets, orbiting the sun. And all of it is constantly moving in cicular (no straight line) orbits which makes piloting a very realistic feel.- Easy to setup your own private server for just you and your freindsI don't suggest it though to anyone who's expecting a fully operation game with all it's features working. It is very early access (2 month out at this time of writing).This game is catching a lot of flack due to it's uncompleted features, but isn't that what Early Access is? A game in progress that isn't finished.I for one have thoroughly enjoyed this game. Yes, there are annoying glitches that want to make me tear my hair out. But there's also a Dev team that literally releases a patch EVERY week. They openly list all the known issues in the game on their forum, and the the order that they play to resolve them.Sometimes these patches introduce a few new bugs, but given the fact they release them weekly it doesn't give them a lot of QA time. Instead we, the early access adopters get to report them. The devs are very quick to respond back provided that you don't report something like ""omg! it doesn't work... FIX IT. My kid brother could do better"". I can personally say that I have reported several issues so far, ALL of which have been fixed in a patch or two."
76561198090159963,Recommended,588210,33069041,Posted: 30 June,all,Lt_Star,"Listen, this game is good and it is bad, i am a tester has dumped 50 hours on it. I can say that the team is doing great, but they need to fix some gameplay and server problems before we get chuthulu heads and posters. I would not recomend it right now and that price is way too steep for what is included in the game, please buy it at a later date when it is actually worth picking up. go play star citizen for a space travel experience. that is full of quality content"
76561198030116882,Recommended,588210,30439095,Posted: 10 March,all,Chewy,"Concept of game is great.First,Do not compare this to Star Citizen. It is nothing like it. This is strictly a survival game, so far, like Rust or Ark.I have both and they are nothing alike.The Game-Made very well. Modules system is nothing that has been done to my knowledge. Instead of building your base, you attach modules to your starting base and expand from there.-Start with ship and 1 module.-Gathering resources consists of mining asterodes.-Can move through solar system with ship.Overall game is solid.Sensitivity of the controls is the only issue I have found with game.I would recommend this game in later stages to anyone. It is very promising and has tramendous potential."
,Recommended,588210,30775909,Posted: 27 March,all,xXMaxmasterXx,"You wake up,have no clue what to do,walk around,press buttons,look at screens,and figure out at some point (for me 5 hours) you have to get this space station running .... And theres even more out there,you'll fail,you'll die,you'll restart,you'll restart alot acually,this game is unforgiving in its nature.Every new start is pure RNG.But that kind of trail an fail got me hoocked.Theres a huge learning cure, learning by doing, get better every time.The atmosphere of this game is unbeaten, that moment when you get soacked out of the airlock, out in the black endless space, the sound, the goose bumps, I'll never forget that gaming moment.The core game mechanics so far are really impessive, never saw amazing physics like that.This game has a great groundwork, It can only get better.Yes this game is buggy, yes you are going to die because of some bugs, but GEEEZ its has potential!If the Devs get the performance right( which is really bad at some point e.g. when using scan function(Its heavily serversided though)), add more depth to the game trough crafting, more exploration, more activities like the promised hacking feature.... boy o boy I tell ya, a love story that never ends...I tell ya, this is going to be the next Hardcore Space Survival Hit!Yes its very early access, yes I fully recognize the negativ reviews, but seeing the game now, and imagining the great potential its has, I'll give it a thupms up and support the devs with this ambitious project :)"
76561198108906096,Recommended,588210,30968287,Posted: 5 April,all,Wiseguyhotshot,This game is wonderful if you like space simulators. If you are not a fan of having to report bugs to Devs and keep playing through game-breaking bugs then this is not for you.Nonetheless this game is in EA Pre-Alpha and there are many things to come for this game. But again there will be bugs. So don't whine about bugs please.
76561197977122031,Recommended,588210,32802908,Posted: 25 June,all,Zed50Monkey,Loving the new update. Top job!
,Recommended,588210,30153759,Posted: 24 February,all,[YA] Rain,"I see lots of idiots reviewing this game and putting in negative feedback. The game is flipping awesome, if you decide to buy it, make sure you are not a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot, so you can use your brain and play the game properly.The immersion in this game cannot be found anywhere else. Buy it, try it, with open mind and a little bit of brain inteligence."
,Recommended,588210,30229486,Posted: 27 February,all,Kestrel,A little buggy here and there but it's so worth it. The pre-alpha experience so far is mind blowing in terms of immersion and gameplay. As long as they stay true to the current vision then I expect to spend thousands of hours in this game.
76561198032549549,Recommended,588210,30195459,Posted: 26 February,all,fab1973,"I am lost , intrigued , challenged  and hopeful for where this game may lead."
76561198128343964,Recommended,588210,31021669,Posted: 8 April,all,OnlineMurdering,awesome.but hard.but awesome.
76561198017448981,Recommended,588210,31030952,Posted: 8 April,all,Abstract,please fix some bugs i played for 22 minutes before i had to restart now it wont connect to main server 6/10
76561198066691315,Recommended,588210,30196503,Posted: 26 February,all,FlashBangNinja,"Hellion is amazing, been a long time since a game has been realsed that doesnt hold your hand through everything. Really enjoyed how much this game has made me think! If your a casual gamer though this might not be for you!"
,Not Recommended,588210,30916634,Posted: 2 April,all,Jarod,"Well I liked the game in theory...So I bought it, then I tried to play it and got stuck on the loading screen for 15 minutes before I had to alt-f4 out of it.  Tried multiple servers with the exact same issue.So I had to request a refund on it, which is a pity as it looks like it would be a fun game.So I'll keep watching it to see if it ever gets into a playable state.(Also there are tons of posts on here and on other websites about the terminal loading screen, seems they aren't doing anything about.)"
76561197989552056,Recommended,588210,30154617,Posted: 24 February,all,xBuzz,"This game is awesome, like rust or Ark, but in space and requires actual intelligence. Anyone giving bad reviews is just too stupid to figure stuff out (and google)!"
76561198259607772,Not Recommended,588210,30347352,Posted: 5 March,all,8ujn0h,"The most frustrating game in my life. Recommendation is NO for the alpha time being, you'll just lose all nerves you have.With ammount of fine precision needed in everything you do, and the unforgiving alpha that every time you make a little progress, the game kils you due to a bug, or some other issue.Since it's highly survival oriented, playing for pleasure long term can only happen when all these issues are resolved, otherwise it all leads to frustration and disappointment for too much effort."
76561198033853726,Recommended,588210,30213161,Posted: 26 February,all,JaceInYoFace,"This game is something ive been after for many years... not for the faint of heart, realistic space survival.people looking for a button mashing, space shooter that babysits you and flys for you.. this game isnt for you.It took me 8 hours of game time just to figure out my controls, and to get a module attached to my station, and dock the ship at the station.the immersion level is unbelievable and this is only in Alpha...I see people freaking out and whining in reviews or forums about this game... they obviously didnt read ""early access"" or dont have any patience to figure a game out and give it time before losing their entitled minds.This game is amazing and is only going to get better...   I want to thank the Devs for having the guts to put out a game this challenging and realistic."
,Recommended,588210,30219984,Posted: 27 February,all,Gentry,"Out of the way ♥♥♥♥ing earthmanSpacedude coming throughorbitsLOL who else is gona do ur dockingLike u can even pilotGud relativ 4 dockingBET YOU DIDN EVN KNO THATwhen im don im mine ur roids 2I know how senitiv ur earthman hands r LMAO♥♥♥♥ing omgwhen im don im gona adjust th ♥♥♥ out thos orbitscan't even survive w/o orbitsEARTHMAN, SWERVE"
,Recommended,588210,30278929,Posted: 2 March,all,Dux,This is a really impressive early access game. Yeah it's a bit buggy and super hard to dock modules because of lag. But it's an awesome concept and a lot of fun already. Really looking forward to watching this develop.
,Recommended,588210,30311211,Posted: 4 March,all,NanoStar,KSP FPS :)
76561197976889033,Not Recommended,588210,30995793,Posted: 7 April,all,voracious,"Okay don't mis-understand my intetion here this game has alot of potential, and it could be a great game. That being said the movment in the game makes it really hard for a casual person to just pick up and use and the learning curve is just to big. You can't draw in casual gamers with something that needs that much concentration and skill. once this issue is fixed I can see this game actually becoming very big, I know it's still in alpha and I'm not salty at all what I know is if it takes 2 hours just to dock a ship to a station if your lucky less because of lag\stuttering\as well as other various problems. the poor movment and control of movment is what made me refund the game past that I love it but in this condition the game is not worth the price tag all espcially with dead servers, constant wipes, constnat crashing. I mean this game is almost pre-alpha and again i udnerstand what ea is and i have at least 100 ea games on my account I'm no stranger to it. My only issues that I'm going to state here is Price is to steep 10-15 dollars yes I would re-purchas in a second. Playability is around the 2 outta 10 mark right now, and most of the servers are dead. I can live with the crashes and the generally normal alpha bugs and what not. I cant live wiht a game that takes me 20 minuts to stop spinning and then i have to restart my charcter everytime a wipe happens or i bump my station to fast"
,Recommended,588210,30163929,Posted: 25 February,all,M. Wilke,This game has a fantastic atmosphere!Its playable.. But the learning curve is hard.Use the wiki or look at youtube how to do things and it will be fun.
76561197994826282,Recommended,588210,30601933,Posted: 18 March,all,Kg,"A lot of what I wanted in a space game.  REALLY BUGGY for now, but I'm looking forward to what this game could/might be in the long run."
76561198109066487,Recommended,588210,30209688,Posted: 26 February,all,Coconut Head,Better then star citizen
,Recommended,588210,30581121,Posted: 17 March,all,allblood16,"Hellion has a real neat conept, with good execution; its basicly rust in space. but the question is if this is the game for you. well there is one problem and that is that hellion is an early alpha game, I mean EXTREAMLY early alpha game. when games like ksp and minecraft were at this stage you can count their features and mechanics on your fingure tips. if you are going to buy this game, i recomend at least waiting a little further into development. but if you realy want this game, go right ahead."
,Recommended,588210,30155744,Posted: 24 February,all,Old Man Shaggy,one hell of a gamehttps://gyazo.com/38d033e5ea5c5753e99a52d434812c13
76561198059906631,Recommended,588210,30201623,Posted: 26 February,all,jjg1278,"Hellion:Day one of game being out: Wtf am i doing, oh i just sucked my self into space, lagggggday two: met up with friends from across the solar system made a 45 minute jump after that we became one of the first people to ever dock two ships togetherThis game: this game is buggy and thats what makes it great, because when docking youll either crash through it and destroy everything ever or you might just nail it and look like a badass, or when getting in your ship you might nail it or your friend will fall through the floor into space, so if you dont like finding bugs then dont buy the alpha this is a truly fantastic game but if you cant learn to have fun with the bugs then dont play, it will be frustrating at times but its worth the payout"
,Recommended,588210,30148260,Posted: 24 February,all,Rodocks,Came out 13 minutes late 0/10
76561198089402652,Recommended,588210,30148988,Posted: 24 February,all,Swixzo,"First Review, Best Review."
76561198158009593,Recommended,588210,30855307,Posted: 31 March,all,Jax von May,"A very promising project. It's hardcore, Newtonian physics, unforgiving. It's incredibly immersive. If you want a steady, polished environment, wait, it's pre-alpha. But if you want to take the journey with very active developers and a smart, sim-oriented community, do the right thing.(This comes from a casual player. Fav stuff: submarine simulation, elite dangerous, ARMA or survival like the long dark.)This is what I experienced in more than 50 intense hours :I need air.I need to restore functions in my survival module.I need to dock an airlock to it. Very little EV autonomy. Every gesture, movement and second count. I need oxygen and nitrogen.There is a ship, how to take control of it?I'm in. I can repair some stuff. There is a drill here, I can mine an asteroid.Where is the bloody jetpack for the better EVA?I need fuel. I need air.I won't make it. Back to square one.How does this ship work?I move to another orbit to investigate a signal, hope to find some good stuff for my base and outfit.There is a player here. He is trying to dock his first module.He did not even notice I dropped near him. I load my gun and get out of the ship, closing in behind his back, point my railgun at his head. I end up saving his♥♥♥♥♥from asphyxia and sharing vital resources.Servers' wipe. Fresh start, again.The bugs, the crashes, the steep learning curve.A great experience if you want a reality-oriented space sim. Very rarely been so absorbed by a game. Still very hard, and frustrating at this point, you run short of resources and functioning modules quickly, and if like me you are not lucky enough to find an EVA suit, for scavinging and mining, after three or four raids, you are doomed."
76561197974043124,Recommended,588210,30341439,Posted: 5 March,all,ShadowHiest,"Hellion is still unfinished, however it has massive potential. The creators have made no secret as to the current, unfinished state of the game. That being said, the rate at which they are releasing updates and fixing bugs helps me to have some confidence in there ability to deliver.As for the game itself? It can be brutal, it is unforgiving of any significant mistakes, and if you do not keep your focus on what you are doing and what needs to be done you can very easily find yourself having to start from scratch...again.For new players, there is not so much a learning curve, but a learning cliff. Which, if you wish to be successful ('successful' being a relative term), you will have to go over aforementioned cliff repeatedly.I have put quite a few hours into it so far and together with 3 of my friends, have been able to eek out a relatively decent base. You will need to learn to work around the current bugs, but I have found the game exceedingly enjoyable and rewarding.I sincerely hope that the game's devs continue the current trend of bug smashing and opening up the various aspects of the game's planned features.If I were to give a good first tip to new players, get yourself an EVA suit, it makes like 100% better.Still trying to find those elusive fusion reactor and control modules though ;)"
,Recommended,588210,30343465,Posted: 5 March,all,iMonters,"Yes, this game is buggy. It's EA. Being negative about the bugs in EA is a bit like moaning at a Bob Ross that his painting lacks detail when he's only been working on it for 10 minutes. However, I will say that £19.99 is bit steep for a game that is so early in development.Moving on... I hadn't even heard of this game until last week, when I saw some streamers playing on Twitch. Albeit they were moaning a little and declaring it ""wasn't for them"". But the prospect of a FPS/Sci-Fi/Survival genre with spaceships and docking modules really shouted out to me, so I bought it.I struggled at first with the rubber-banding when trying to EVA and dock ships/modules. Changing servers helped a lot, but in the end I decided to run a local server to minimise the ping to 2ms so that I could run the game as smooth as possible. This worked a trick and was almost a game-changer to my overall experience. I'm looking forward to playing on optimised public servers later in development so that I can PvP. But for now, I will settle on playing with the game mechanics on my own.As it is, I can't see myself playing on this for hours and hours every week - Instead I think it's a game that might be worth loading up after each patch to check on it's progress and provide constructive feedback where necessary. If you don't want to drop £19.99 on a game that won't keep you entertained for too long, then it might be worth Following the game for a few months before making the purchase.At this point in time, I think you'd be happy with the game if:-You can get over that the game is in such early development that it's kinda broken (at the time of writing this)-You're patient with the development of the game and want to support with devs with Bug reports-You enjoy survival but love the Sci-Fi genre - And love the idea of flying around in your space-ship pilaging other players space-stations :)I don't often leave reviews, but I wanted to give the Devs a shout out that I support the game. I just hope this doesn't turn into many titles that stay in EA forever..."
,Recommended,588210,30347313,Posted: 5 March,all,lukysdotnet,"This game is absolutely great, even with a bugs which appear from time to time. It is still alpha, and you know it, when you are buying it, so don't whine when you buy it in present.This game is really hard in some things, for example EVA (Extravehicular activity). You really need some time to learn how to move, and you must also learn to be patient. Quick changes, movements and impatience usually lead to disaster and you will probably die.This game is kinda like Dark Souls in space, but you die not because of monsters and enemies, but because of yours faults.This game is not for the stupid and impatient people, whining little kids, and similar...So this game is definitely not for most players community :DYou must learn, you will often die, and when you will be ok, you will encounter a bug, which will probably leads to death :)This game have really big potential, so I hope that devs will not let it die! :)Even with bugs and lack of content, I must recommned it! Finally one of a few games, which will push you to your limits and will not give you anything for free :)"
,Recommended,588210,30172999,Posted: 25 February,all,Haddock,space
76561198327789280,Recommended,588210,30311415,Posted: 4 March,all,nightmareking73,this game is great when the bugs are fixed it willi be even better
76561198011062247,Recommended,588210,30340153,Posted: 5 March,all,[KON] Infidel96B,"The game is definitely an Alpha. Major glitches exist and probably will for some time.I like the concept I've seen so far. The graphics are great. The overall game concept is visionary. I'm looking forward to seeing the game in Beta in a year.I say a year because once you take my money thats all you get. Let's see how the devs do on making progress now that they are being paid to do it.Balancing has not yet been achieved. Like how long oxygen and fuel last, its not long enough yet. Also the physics engine may be too realistic. Might need to be turned down a bit."
,Recommended,588210,30340305,Posted: 5 March,all,KARTON ☭,"You want an authentic experience of how it would be like to fly, walk and survive in space? Get it here!It should be noted that the game is in alpha. Bugs are a given. Remind yourself that you're not purchasing a finished product at this moment in time, but something that might one day, if the devs steer it right, turn into the first proper space survival game."
76561197964762565,Not Recommended,588210,30346128,Posted: 5 March,all,TwoCups,"Regretted spending my money on this as such an early stage - this could shape up to be a great game, but I just couldn't find the fun in the 9hours I playedThere should be an option of ""Not Yet"" instead of a polarising Yes/No vote - dev is clearly working hard on the game, pushing updates but this almost feels like a tech demo at the moment rather than a game. Wiill return to it in a few months to see how its progressed."
76561197984806086,Recommended,588210,31006639,Posted: 7 April,all,|SEK|_SgtFox,"Finally a Space Game where you can do anything you want on a FPS level with realistic Physics and Life Support etc.what can you do right now? (game is at this date version 0.1.10)-walk and fly around in ships and space stations (when zero g is on)-warp to modules, asteroids, other stations, and even other planets and moons and go setup orbits for modules and ships-build your space staion the way you like , go find new modules , tow them back to your station and expand it with them-mine ressources from asteroids and refine them to be able to use them as fuel, oxygen, nitrogen etc for base and ships-find parts to maintain and repair your base modules and ships , things will break eventually-pvp combat with base and ship raids and random outpost spawns that have some special loot and ship spawns-dock ships to airlock modules to be able to transfer ressources inbetween base modules and ship (also available without docking a ship, between base modules)-EVA anywhere you like just grab your suit and go for it-explore derelict modules for special loot (and soon whole derelict stations on crash course with a planet)-invite your friends to your station and survive together-host your own serversthat pretty much wraps it up may or may not have forgotten some stuffbefore you get your opinion or even write reviews consider a few things first :this is the developers first game so things can be a bit rough sometimes but they really are working hard to fix bugs and as an early access title which is currently in pre-alpha (yes not even in alpha yet folks) there are obviously bugs and glitches here and there which is to be expected of a game that early in its development process and not even a fraction of the final content is in the game yet , but they have awesome plans with it and i am really looking forward to all thatso you gotta decide do you want to test the game, report bugs and  give suggestions and help the developers to make it an awesome game? or you wanna let it cook in the oven for a bit longer? its up to you to decide"
76561198006598299,Recommended,588210,31020288,Posted: 8 April,all,one4chaos,"Ok. So I am giving this a thumbs up with a ""BUT"". The game is in good shape for an alpha build and I enjoy games that take time to learn. Here is the quick and dirty:Pro:Nice graphics.Survival elements are just dificult enough that you can't be a slacker but not so bad that all you do is hunt resourcesDev's are definately working on the game. (the number of bugs is way down)You can play with friends on the same ship without to much fuss.Future game elements that arent in yet look like they will add somemore depth.Flexibility on how you play (you dont have to be a tool, but you can be)Cons:Steep learning curve with a punishing death system. (die 2 times and lose your space suits before you have your station together you'll have to completely restart)Some of the bugs can make you scream (Being randomly flung into space, thrusters firing in the wrong direction, etc...)Not alot of people on the servers (For me this can be a plus since I dont like being bent over and F'd like you can experience in Rust)Many game elements are missing taking away from the core game play.Not enough exploring without raiding other players (to me)Some elements of the gameplay are very tedious (Flying to a different planet can take 45+ minutes, docking, even if you're good at it takes alot of time)Despite the issues, I am giving it a thumbs up as an alpha to support a group who obviously wants to make a good game.  Buy it if you aren't looking to support a game in developement (most people who complain about alpha games don't understand what they are) or if you are looking for a complete or polished game then wait and check back later.One4Chaos""I don't always play video games, but when I do...... oh wait yes i do."""
76561198077585427,Not Recommended,588210,31867010,Posted: 20 May,all,Sarsen,I am no longer going to play this game in it's current state. I becomes increasing frustrating to log back into the game only to find my game is no longer saved and I have to start over from the beginning. Whenever there is an update to the game I loose all my progress.At this point until this problem is resolved I will no longer waste my time with this game.
76561198048354508,Recommended,588210,33784597,Posted: 25 July,all,Captain_Nova_117,It is good but not ready for purchase yet.
76561198000419225,Recommended,588210,30953738,Posted: 4 April,all,madmack767,this game is one of the best space games iv ever play it has bugs that are being worked out so in time it will be even better
76561197986659356,Recommended,588210,30222949,Posted: 27 February,all,Phoenix1278,"So here we have Hellion... A space survival game that from the start doesn't really want you to survive!From blowing yourself out of the airlock into space or running out of oxygen it lets you know it's the boss and your just a passenger.It's a game where you can't use numbers in your name yet, can clip through things and where space can get a bit wonky.The controls are a bit tricky but it really feels rewarding when you dock your module and attach you spacehip to the air lock for the first time.This is just the beginning though, there is alot to explore out side of the ship.There are astroids, abandoned ships and junk all floating arouns just waiting for you to find them and reap the rewards for scavanging.  But be careful though, someone could be watching and ready to take all your goodies!So why do i give it a thumbs up?Well even though it is an early access game, it's great, you might die alot in the process a bit but just spawn back in again.I started playing it and you feel really alone when you head out into space, it feels like space and controls like space.  The sound quality is awesome and it's beautiful.It has alot of potential and i'm looking forward to seeing what the dev's come up with in the future.Check out my quick look here :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lej5nNKcdw"
76561198047168383,Not Recommended,588210,31940787,Posted: 24 May,all,SexHaver420,i paid 25 dollars for this game and regretted it after about 35 minutes of gameplay. this game has more potential than you could imagine but it simply leaves so much to be desired
76561198059742327,Not Recommended,588210,31517663,Posted: 2 May,all,Cougar One,"Umm  its graphics ae okay.   Other than that,  this game is not ready.   I have wasted a whole night trying to play this game.  crash after crash,    after crash  after crash   ,  lagg  laggg lagg lagg   crash    lagg   lagg crash.Wasnt a fun experience at all.didnt even get to war the ship or even figure out how to do it.  such a ilogical way to figure out how to warp to a object.  You do'nt actually warp to it.  somehow your suppose to warp.  to a a rotation  around a planet that will eventually get you to the place.  were uwant to go.   yea still scratching my head on that one.       Maybe in 6 mnths  it might be okay.  but yea,    .   umm Just  NO."
76561198061621176,Not Recommended,588210,31535725,Posted: 3 May,all,Duff,"Great concept, but too alpha to even play. I bought it, got to get less then one hour of play time before the lag was too much to even walk.  Tried to play a few more times over the next few days, and all it would do is lock up my PC upon exiting the cryo pod.  I have a good PC, and play other high end games.  It locked up my PC so bad, that CTL ALT DEL was non responsive, and I had to hard reset the PC every time.  When I did get to play that first day, I found that the controls were just too impossible to use while outside a structure in space.  I like neutonion physics where you have to move slow and methodically. This though is just impossible to control while floating in zero G.  Most of the ships systems either dont work well, or dont work at all.  Really, there isnt much to do that is really worth paying 30 bucks for.  Got my refund, moving on. Give it a year or dont bother wasting your money."
,Recommended,588210,30408308,Posted: 9 March,all,CptCodes,"Essentially DayZ in space. If you like simulation and space games, this game has the potential to make you very happy.Game is buggy so far but that is to be expected in early access stages. I would say it runs quite smoothly and the bugs aren't too game-breaking. I have had quite a lot of fun in the last couple of weeks and need to devote more time to playing it.The basic premise and well thought out level of immersion/simulation is creating a really strong foundation for future updates to introduce further game mechanics, and current game mechanics are looking like multiplayer, both with friends and against foes will be crucial to using this game to it's full potential.If you're in it for the long haul, go ahead and purchase it in early access, if you're skeptical, wait, because there have been plenty of people whinging about how unplayable the game is despite the fact that most of the unplayable factor for these individuals being that the game is too hard for them (newtonian physics, space survival logic, etc.)."
76561198148705342,Not Recommended,588210,31907758,Posted: 22 May,all,WarMallet,I tried out a couple of low ping servers. I couldnt get graphics fixed but it played. Later i tried it again and it locked up my computer 3 more times as i tried to get it to work. My computer is pretty good. My son said it was like a huge memory dump. Disk was pegged a 100 percent. I still have the game on my wish list. It looks like a really good one and I would like to play it someday if it can be fixed. Sorry but I cannot recomend this game at this time but i will pay attention to what is going on with it in hopes that it will be playable after its release.
76561198026707118,Not Recommended,588210,31987903,Posted: 26 May,all,m67master,This game is way too difficult to enable you to complete the most basic task.  Zero learning curve and basically no instructions to the game.  God forbid you start tumbling a ship because there is no way to really stop it.  Which makes zero sense because this is the future.  All space ships and suits would be set up to auto stabalization.  Heck our ships and suits have is already.  Controlling the ship or yourself in the game is basically impossible.  This game has been nothing but frustrating.
76561198016009540,Recommended,588210,30283476,Posted: 2 March,all,Orca,"Frustrating as F**K,1: controls are terrrible on the navigation chart even after setting the mouse sensitivity to the lowest setting, (just not enough control to make presice adjustments)2: Lag is the biggest killer of this game.3: So many bugs  I havent made a successful warp in the game due to the crashing and bugs.Back this game if you can afford to waste $30, but it has the ability to become a sweet survival game!IMO:  Present game play 2/10     future game play: it could make 9/10"
76561197964096634,Not Recommended,588210,30218402,Posted: 27 February,all,Zothen,"Wait before you buy!The game was released way too early. The amount of different bugs render it almost unplayable and the netcode is nowhere near usable. The content is very barebone. FPS are sub par.Give it 2-3 months so the worst issues might be sorted out. Else be braced for a decent amount of frustrating moments.This is not how you should do a proper Early Access release! Good luck, devs!"
,Recommended,588210,30231527,Posted: 27 February,all,Plague O|z,"Fantastic Alpha, being an Alpha it is going to have its issues, but the devs are hard at work and on top of things, plenty of plans and lots of updates rolling out. LOVE THIS! can't wait to see where this goes."
,Recommended,588210,30250155,Posted: 28 February,all,Anthony,"Have not played much yet,but from what I played the game style is really amazing, being able to move around a ship while its moving is crazy,plus unity I do love and use a lot."
,Recommended,588210,31239049,Posted: 19 April,all,Deemu,Started game. launched myself out of an airlock. barely got back. noticed a ship near. got in. perfect condition. rifles. everything exept fuel. drifted away from other stuff. now i am slowly dying in space. Exellent game.
76561198145877761,Not Recommended,588210,31253798,Posted: 20 April,all,rudolphust,I have bought this game to support this early acces game it did see full of promise.But for now I handle the invested money like I did spend it at the wrong restaurant.Will see in the future of they get me back.
76561198006595740,Recommended,588210,31909117,Posted: 22 May,all,Katsumoto,"Well where to start hmmm we will go whit the good things first.Never since my beginning as a gammer have i played a game wich time flows so fast witout you even know it if you have kids or an importent jobb or girlfriend this game is NOT for you! It will steal hours and hours of your time away.For me i havent experinced this since Civ 1, The game has a high learning curve but even as you fail over and over you still go back for more.when you have mastered most things the game has to offer then it gets even better.i think one of  my crowning achevments was when my base got raided i opened the airlocks and turned the air of and let the basterds die a slow death and stole their ship was funny.Or when i built my first big base days of work.Now for the bad never know when the games buggs will kill you of and leave you stranded whit no ship or suit so from there you wont have so manny options left. or when things like airlocks stops working for no reasons att all.somthimes it will work if you reload somthimes it wont. this game is still in prerelase so there are hope yet!"
76561197998732164,Recommended,588210,30474181,Posted: 12 March,all,jimifix,Great space simulation. I really like it. It is very addictive I can’t wait they fix bugs.
76561198087012586,Recommended,588210,30847845,Posted: 30 March,all,(×çGL×) Michaelx,"The Devs are really on top of the development, releasing massive lists of fixes with every new update that comes out. They have been tirelessly improving the gameplay and implimenting new aspects to the game over the past month and it's REALLY starting to show. This game imo is in a playable state now, just keep in mind while the game is amazing in the state is currently in, it's still only a shell of what the devs seem to have planned for it! Definatly worth every penny of what it costs."
76561198007608171,Recommended,588210,31194042,Posted: 17 April,all,Krimsondaddy,just amazing and always improving it seems
,Recommended,588210,33077062,Posted: 1 July,all,Delta Δ,"A very good game, especially because it's still in early alpha!"
76561197982111209,Not Recommended,588210,31405996,Posted: 27 April,all,[DOD]Knuckles,"Ok people. This is going to be an honest review of what i have experienced up to this point.The game is wonderful. Its what so many of us space sim lovers have always wanted.And thats why it hurts me to give it a bad review.The bugs are just too game breaking. Bugs are to be expected in an early access game.This I understand. I have been Testing games longer than a lot of ou have been alive.So when I tell you this game is dead, you can pretty much take it to the bank.And this latest joke of a patch? Yeah thats pretty much proof.The devs take all the money we spend to support them and do what with it? Double their update schedule times two.  We now wait two to three times longer for patches. And when they DO patch the game? Its garbage.Nobody wanted or asked for a new HUD.What people HAVE been asking for since launch was BUG FIXES!!!!To the PAGES of bugs that are being reported.Of which the Dev team seems to have burried under the ""OHHH LOOK A NEW SHINEY THING"" For the impluse buyers to get excited about and make an impulse buy.It seems as thought ey dont give a rats♥♥♥♥♥about the game dying and having less than 100 person Player base.And thats ON PATCH DAY!!!!!!!When ALL the old players come back to see the progress.Well bad news. Nobody is here. and nobody gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore.So with a heavy heart i say dont bother with this Vaporware.I dont see it getting much better than it is.Yeah, they may add a new bedroom mudule for you to die in.But who freakin cares. After having to restart too many times to count in my short 22.2 hours of play time im just frustrated to the point of complete disinterest.And the Devs dont even give a♥♥♥♥♥♥They got our money and thats all they wanted.Like i said, I would wait to see if the devs start to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what the remaining player base that remains loyal ask for."
,Recommended,588210,30361543,Posted: 6 March,all,Attila Hellsfury,"I can say only : HARDCORE, HARDCORE, HARDCORE and I love it. I am a long time EVE Online, Elite Dangerous, Space Shuttle Simulator player, but this game is on the spot, what I was missing from Space Sim Games. Great Job by the devs.But one advice for all gamers: this is a HARDCORE game. Love it or hate it......"
76561198050637865,Recommended,588210,30250510,Posted: 28 February,all,Great Gruff,IF you can manually dock in KSP and have fun doing it then this game has potential. BUT it is in the very early development stages as far as stability.Watch youtube to figure out what to do and research key bindings or it's going to be too frustrating to stick with.I have only tried two servers so far. First one kicks me off regularly and the second one had serious lag with everything spinning and rubberbanding too much to play. Still I have managed to dock all three startup 'ships' on the first server.Keep an eye on this games development it's a challenge even before you think about PvP.Remember to breathe!
,Not Recommended,588210,30221656,Posted: 27 February,all,fletch39,The idea of the game is wonderful but in it's current state not much fun the fps goes from 50+ to 5 or less very quickly making it dificult to play. wait for some updates before purchase. the controls for space would probly work if they can get the lag figured out when you hit a direction it takes to long to register making flying in space imposible
76561198095185824,Recommended,588210,31042034,Posted: 9 April,all,NotoriousGerbil,"First off, this game was very interesting I just found that it did not offer enough direction and some of the mechanics were difficult to use. If they  make it easier to travel while in outer space and maybe a little easier to dock the modules and stuff this game could be really good. Overall for an early access game it is not to bad but because of the difficulty in expanding your base it gets a little tiresome."
76561198079128632,Recommended,588210,31045446,Posted: 9 April,all,Vadex,"This game will be great once it is a little further along.I have really enjoy each time I play.Current problem:If you die and your space ship is not at your base you have to restart.I have yet to be able to log off one day and come back and not be dead.***I kinda resolved the issue, by one docking my ship to my station and two I ""respawn"" so while I am offline I don't use oxygen.  Make sure to take off all your gear before respawning so It is available next time you log in."
76561197981471489,Recommended,588210,31049045,Posted: 9 April,all,Rastlaff,"Don't pay attention to Steam users reviews ! Negative ones are all about the difficulty of the game because Hellion gameplay mechanics are absolutly fantastic ! Graphics & sounds are nice and animations are quite impressive for a small studio.I can only compare it to a more advanced stage of Star Citizen (aka 3.0 ?) in some ways but in a Hard Core way.I just regret it requires a very low ping because of the gameplay mechanics. A ""solo"" full local would have been appreciated."
76561197971507253,Recommended,588210,31050905,Posted: 9 April,all,StampTech,"This has been the ""One"".   I have searched my whole life for this. Been playing games for 32 years. We finally have it. ""Take me out, to the Black. An' Tell em' I aint' comin' Back!"""
76561198068746651,Recommended,588210,31063871,Posted: 10 April,all,Comax,"Very nice Early Access game with immense potential.Weekly bugfix-patches.Newtonian physics and flight so it's a bit tricky at first, but I love it. Adds so much to the realism.I feel pretty confident in that the dev team will make an excellent game out of this."
,Recommended,588210,31071520,Posted: 10 April,all,Idea,"Ok This is a ok game, But the connection with docking and other servers Is laggy and Difficult, You can barley Dock but the gameplay is good and everything else with this game is great. ( Notice: If your not ok with lag when steering ships or docking, Dont buy this game) and this is a Early Acces game so that could improve!"
76561197981160889,Recommended,588210,31078029,Posted: 11 April,all,Stahnn,"Yes, if you like Early access games and experiencing the growth of the game.No, if you like Early access with a little more polish before playing.I remember playing Rust in legacy, the removal of zombies and my hiatus because of it, when it left Legacy, the clipping animals and silent ninja bears, and now it's current state. Hellion is kinda similiar.Bugs, glitches, clipping through your ship after exitting a jump and dying becuase you we're just about to get you jetpack off the charger.Be warned that sometimes the game will be frustrating.But if you can get past the steep learning curve, you'll be set to go about looting and finding modules for your station, and survive a little better.I really like this game a lot, with the physics of flying zero G, to adjusting vectors outside and using my ship, looting derelict modules and other players. It was really rewarding getting the mechanics down and how to survive.But at its current state I wouldn't recommended a concentrated effort, maybe a couple hours. Don't invest too much time. I am going to continue nibbling at it to see what works and doesn't, at the very least trying to find more modules for my lifeboat, and some components in good condition.Here's how my day would be when I log on:Get out of cyro bedCheck power and life support components.Check packs for full air and fuel and power.Find a derelict outpost, a module or player ship, and go get componentsOr if I need more RCS or oxygen, go find an asteroid.Goto airlock, de-pressurize to 0, jet outside, and go mine/lootGo back with what I get, if its good components I need, or a module (attach to ship first), then jump back to my lifeboatAll with the pressure of potential loss of time and/or life due to an EA game.Basically it's space Dayz minus zombies and food (so far).tl:drI enjoy the space physics and keeping track of your resources, but the bugs and latency issues make the experience more  difficult than I like. Wait a couple weeks/months for the more serious issues to be ironed out (server latency, random disconnects, the clipping glitches) and then try your luck again."
76561198062937616,Recommended,588210,32830924,Posted: 26 June,all,ELEKTRIK_BLUE,Great concept but the navigation and movement systems are complete crap. This unfortunately makes moving forward with the game next to impossible. After 30 mins in I had 2 pieces of the station docked and found the ship. Once I attempted to navigate the ship to the station so that a docking attempt could be made the but ship would move in  the complete opposite direction I wanted to go. I then was lost to space unable to ftl or correctly navigate.This issue has caused a lot of frustration. 10 restarts and 6hrs later i'm so annoyed I almost hate the game. This is a major issue that should be fixed first and foremost. Along with the navigation and motion system the ftl system is wonky and spits you out in random areas far from your target or sometimes doesn't move you at all. Secondly the continue feature is broken. The game will crash randomly and upon reloading and reconnecting alas my character can not be continued only a fresh start is available. Lastly an option to play without connecting to a server would be nice ( similarly to Osiris New Dawn ). I recommend waiting a while before buying but I still recomend it none the less.
76561198066802796,Not Recommended,588210,32922229,Posted: 28 June,all,Xefipor,"I really wanted to get into this game.I tried, was doing fine even got the airlock docked. But once it came to docking the Ship. It was a no go. Spent a good hour trying to get the ship even remotely close to the airlock to dock it. Controls all funky, couldn't get ship to go where I needed it to go.I will try it again in a few months and see if the controls are better balanced. No reason it should be that difficult. I mean i've played many games where it was just little burst to move in a dirrection but this was stupid."
,Recommended,588210,35031358,Posted: 17 September,all,memesandmaryjane,"probably the coolest game in the multiplayer-open-pvp-survival genreto sum it up, very briefly: it's like rust, but in space, and way more in-depth. the game has a very steep learning curve, many mechanics are complicated and difficult to control (at first, after a while you get the hang of it)the playerbase is small, as the game is not well known, but lots of the people who do play are friendly and don't shoot on sight (but you won't be running into many players anyway, unless this game gets more popular someday)if you like multiplayer survival, or space games, or both, then you will like thisbonus points: i can name my ship ""The Nıgger""http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1120345303"
76561197971692751,Recommended,588210,33391012,Posted: 8 July,all,Delle(DK),"So far i enjoy this game.You start the game exiting your cryopod and find your self in a small empty station.As you look arround you realize this is pretty well done.You turn on the power system and make sure to refill the stations battery.You check life support and other stuff and a friendly voice guide you to what to do next and how to do things.But do not belive it is easy, you properbly have to watch some youtube videos and read a bit to find solution tosmall things when you start the game.You next task is to go on eva, and you soon realize they actual simulated a docking system and airpresure and stuff.If you do not depresure you will get ejected into space like a cannonball and only way is to stop using your jetpack and go back again.. On the way back you see 3 objects floating in space.. 1 is an empty airdock that you deside to use on your station.. you fly arround it and see a spot named RCS and a green light.. upon inspection you realize you can pop open a screen and now you can fly the damn thing and dock it to your station and integrate this new section in your base..You base now have a real airlock and you no longer waste air when going in out your station  pheewww..inside there are some stuff you can use to build or refine stuff.You deside to head out again and gather the stuff in the other free floating heavely damaged station part, and you deside to ignore it..... next you fly to your ship in the near and find out it is quite complicated with ship systems where you can upgrade stuff.... You deside to fly a little it is difficult, but small movement and adjust ment it goes pretty damn good.All in all you have a real ""nasa"" astronaut kind of feeling to everything you do, moving takes time from a-b and it is not easy to dock and you really need to care about not bumping into stuff to fast and risk your station or ship starting to rotate out of control.. ( it will stop after 1 minute and stabilize )The above might sound easy, but the early access game lack some tutorials for different things.Example docking what keys to press and how to select what docking port in your sthip to use, and what to targetis only something you can figure out by reading on the forum or watching videos...  ( press R to select your ship docking port...( note there are a grabbing and a docking port, so two different )   and to select docking on your target you need to hold T while scroll your mouse.. if things goes well you should see some light and when you are ligned up and withing 5m it should auto dock.... this is not easy..The game world it self is huge and you fly arround by jumping from place to place.To find stuff in space you scan and select your target.. maybe you find an abandoned station/asteroide/ship or other stuff that you can visit and gather supplies from... you need supplies/parts to upgrade your ship and to keep flying and surviving..So far the game look very promising but have some early access bugs that are anoying sometimes... but all in all a quite impressive game... oh you can also mine on asteroids and even land on them..Other than that you can find new sections for your space station that you can drag home with you and attach it to your station and build it larger and larger :)The game take time to play, you cannot rush many things you do, and you need to be patient and try again and again.The game is in early dev and this reflect the amounto f stuff you can do.23-07-2017 you can fly arround and vist everything from static big bases, asteroids and usermade bases and std. ships. You can dock and enter them though the airlock or though air canal in the stations ( you properbly die or get stuck in something if you try )  anyway... here you can gather some randon stuff such as spare parts for your station/ship or steal resources and use them on your own base ect.All stuff you can find is randomly placed everytime you visit a location, so there might not be example 2x guns next time you visit but 0. that is really good i think.However once you start to fly arround and have learned how the game work, then there is not really that much to do at the moment. You can find extra sections for your base and build it larger, but truth is you maybe do not want to do that more than 1-2 times since when every new patch comes the servers are wiped and your fancy base and all you have gathered dissaper... game over, start new game... THis is a bit annoying so I would say Hellion right now is more like a Tech demo where you can try the basic stuff in the game.. BUT I would say avoid building huge bases and spending many houres since you loose it 3-4-5 weeks later when a new update arrive.Just saying enjoy the game and see what it have to offer but take it slow.I like the game, but it is in early development and have a long way to go.. but so far so good. ;-)I think it will be great .Edit..: The game have allot of bugs, that after a while ruin the good experience of the game.. But though it have bugs it is interesting and nice to play ( very early access )I highly recommend people to login/logout of the game every time they fly somewhere new or come withing 10km of anything to ""reload"" the area this can prevent some bugs..But never the less bugs do happen such as your fancy station going form having oxygen to not having oxygeno r station parts not working as intented anymore or life support hardware surdenly missing though they where 100% okay.... just saying login/logout often.   But ify ou can live with that the game is interesting to play ;-)    but dont build huge bases or stuff now, everytime there is a new update everything is deleted.  ( ever 14-28 days or so )."
76561198050935070,Recommended,588210,30203319,Posted: 26 February,all,Stewie1701,"For an early access game, it's pretty good. There are some bugs and glitches that pop up but more the most part, compaired to other early access games I've jumped into, this one seems to be one of the few good ones. The devs released a pretty fast patched that helped a lot within 24 hrs of launch. I've got 10.6 hours into game play thus far and am highly enjoying it."
76561198013823734,Not Recommended,588210,31211497,Posted: 17 April,all,dbf44445,"Don't. Just don't. Not at this point, not for nearly $30. Calling this game prerealease 'Alpha' is being overly [stupidly] generous. Based on my minimal 3-hrs of gameplay, I wouldn't install this game unless it were released as free-to-play, and even then probably not. At this point in Hellions's development, you will be much better served spening that $30 and your time on something/anything else.I found the controls [kbm] and user interface glitchy and virtually unusable, and a deal breaker. There is little/no visual or audio feedback coded into the game at this point to indicate if user input/action is accomplishing anything. This was more than enough to motivate a request for refund, something I have never done before."
,Not Recommended,588210,30155296,Posted: 24 February,all,ForegoneWang,current state is pretty fun for about an hour. really great concept
,Recommended,588210,30202910,Posted: 26 February,all,Bobby,"Built myself a base with a few modules and several ships. Very rewarding, a few bugs that you can work around. First patch gives promise that the devs are going in the right direction.Unfortunately the multiplayer aspect is a little to unreliable to play with friends at the moment but i'm sure they'll nail it."
76561198016085809,Recommended,588210,30237831,Posted: 28 February,all,BacNang,"Hey Guys just wait a bit more and it will be good damnit!At the moment the game might be buggy or laggy or whatever problems you have, BUT!First of all i have to say its positive that such a game was created.It has Survival, Crafting, Mining, and more i think (dont know how much there is atm)(well idk if Crafting is even built in yet but its very promising).Second, the Graphics are Great! Seems nice and even Realisitic with be buildup of Ships and Stations.My only problem until now was how to depressurize the Hangar/Cargobay of the Ship but well i like this game and even would say you can buy it, BUT BE AWARE !!! ITS ALPHA !!! ITS EARLY ACCESS !!! Game-developing isnt easy! If u think hey delivered a bad thing for the ALPHA then you dont understand what an ALPHA is!And last but not least it has Realistic things like Depressurization before you go out and start your journey in the Hellion System! You will need Oxygen, Fuel for Engines, Fuel for your Jetpacks, Energy and maybe later even more things, to maybe create another Ship or a Module for a Station and have to attach it to the Station first to use it. These are some things that would be awesome but are still hard to do! If someone out there is willing to say that all this should be in an ALPHA, he is pretty dumb as the game is atm not even over a week out!All in all, i would recommend to buy it or just to put it on the wishlist. As this game is aspiring to reach something that maybe some others are trying to do, but i think this game also has one of the most potentials!With that said.Over and out!"
,Recommended,588210,30239170,Posted: 28 February,all,Luzario,The learning curve is super high and the game is super early but the patches are rolling out almost daily from day 1 .... what more is there to say! SPACE!!!
76561198127397827,Recommended,588210,31073900,Posted: 11 April,all,ElPablo,"Early Access.I wanted a good EA game to help along its dev cycle and picked a winner here. It has many bugs to log and fix. Some buggy behaviour is intended and not obvious to players. It has a big learning curve, some documentation on the wiki and regular updates and fixes. I have died a lot. Found some bugs and logged them and suggested ideas. If you enjoy the modding / game improvement cycle. This is a great place to spend sometime. MOD's are not implemented yet and may not be? The community is growing fast. I have 100+ hours now and live with or work around the current bugs. It is a good game already from my perspective and will evolve in to a great game. So if your not ready for it yet put it on your wishlist and come back later or get it now and be prepared for a challenging space survival game going in its own direction. With the help of its player base.https://www.playhellion.com/forumThe forum is worth a look to see where the game dev is currently at and the bugs reported and fixed alreadyhttps://www.playhellion.com/forum/discussion/1416/elpablos-video-montageSome pre 0.2.0 update video footage"
,Not Recommended,588210,30525332,Posted: 15 March,all,yoman2313,"This game has potential, but I would wait a bit until the major things are fixed on the game like... Mouse not working when you need it for a door lock or a navigation menu. Graphical looks good, the game it self seems hard and it challenges the fine motor skills. If they don't fix some of the game breakers on it, they will be loosing the crowd they are trying to attract."
76561198032406716,Not Recommended,588210,32711642,Posted: 23 June,all,volcom1474,"I have 188 houra logged in this game.  New update, same problems. graphics took a dump, still lacking in purpose, nobody on servers. This game probably would have done better if they had a game, then released an early beta, rather than had an idea for a game and released it. not wasting another second until something BIG happens."
,Not Recommended,588210,34648930,Posted: 31 August,all,Otaku,"I like this game, and the consept, But trying to Fly the ship is madness and its not explaned very well so"
,Recommended,588210,31497903,Posted: 1 May,all,comatose,"if you go into this knowing it is way way early in the games development and are trying to find bug's and report them and still have a bit of fun then its well worth the cash if you like HARDCORE realism in your space games then i recommend, if your going to act like it is a finished game then please do not get it. i see a lot of bad reviews on the docking the last 2 patches reworked both the docking UI and the UI of the ship itself. Docking is easy now. just go slow and remember you have inertia this is NOT a arcade space game youll do fine. lots of bugs that 99% will be fixed if you just log in and out. from what ive seen the game is night and day from when it came out. the dev team is working and with now bi-week updates the wipes are not as bad, you have time to build a base and test. ATM content is lacking but what they plan to add sounds good for a 1st pass in 0.2 when it hits (eta n/a). so only get this if you love space and can put up with log in and out when a bug comes up if not wait a month or 2 till 0.2 hits.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YxHTDc9sKQ&t=20shere i am docking the last module in the ring of the base i am building as you can see if you just work with the game you can do some cool stuff"
,Recommended,588210,30164148,Posted: 25 February,all,Hostail 🌌,"Hellion right now is filled with a lot of bugs and not completely finished features, of course, so don't expect a smooth ride as you try to play this game. If you prefer a feature finished, bug free game, then wait.Hellion is a harsh game, a very very harsh game. Taking a ship from point A to point B requires more care than you might think, and that apparently upsets a lot of people as I saw from many reviews and forum posts. This game is obviously not made for everyone, and it doesn't help that theres no ""proper"" tutorial for the game yet. I was lucky to be in the Discord for Hellion and managed to get some answers to my questions as I was playing.But heres a small list of things that I encountered playing this game for a night. If you are not into one of the things below, then you might want to reconsider buying the game:- Fiddling around with small parts trying to see which one glows the brightest- Listening to the sound of air pressurizing over and over again.- Fumble around station modules as you try to dock them with other modules, and accidentally hitting your ship, sending it flying to god knows where.- Manage to activate the main engine on the ship, and accidentally going from 1m/s to 1000m/s in a flash.- Play around with physics (through a helmet and a set of stairs) while waiting for a 10 minute warp to another moon to finish.Of course the list above is not a full set of things you might experience when playing in Hellion, everything changes depending on if you have a friend or two. The game works perfectly fine solo, its just a lot of things to keep in mind. Is my ship close enough to me so I can get back safely before my air runs out? How long will it take me to fill up my supply of oxygen by doing these mining trips one by one?Anyways, I love this game, even with a friend or solo, I managed to have a fun time. The bugs right now can be gamebreaking, but I had fun talking with the devs and they really listened in to our problems, so I have big hopes for this games future.10/10, would space again."
76561197970546102,Not Recommended,588210,30147786,Posted: 24 February,all,/MB\,"***Updated after 5 hours play********Good:Sound is pretty good.Graphics are nicer than most souless generic indie space games they vomit at us.Game goes the furthest that I've played in attempt to provide actual maintenance of systems.Bad:Oxygen and RCS fuel is consumed too quickly. (Balancing)LIttle documentation on anything, and no, I'm not searching youtube to listen to people that sound like they are MCs of an insurance seminar gloss over things without answering my question.Unforgivable:Game is nowhere near a good enough state to play test.Spaceship controls are terrible / unplayable.Most of the components to replace failed ones are themselves in a failing state with no way to refurbish them.Final thought:I'm sure there will be some rabid elitist folks that disagree, but those are the people you will be playing with if you buy this now once those of us who were duped, give up for a few months.  I'm over the 4 hour refund threshold so...yay.  I'd rather watch the same 4 teletubbies episodes that my daughter can't get enough of than test this game in its current state.  If I were to submit a bug report it would pretty much just read ""Everything""."
,Not Recommended,588210,32598291,Posted: 20 June,all,MxxiiiF,"Great potential but no real guidance given, makes this a frustrating game, at my time of purchase 20/06/17 servers appeared empty.Will check this out again if it releases out of alpha."
76561198010079042,Not Recommended,588210,31958428,Posted: 25 May,all,broklyman,Trying to control the movements in this game is like driving a unicycle on top of a horse.
76561197997834487,Not Recommended,588210,30204115,Posted: 26 February,all,Lazerus_Long88,"Id ont understand... Did i just pay 24.99 to get stuck at the main menu? ""cannot reach main server"" then the game freezes and you have to shut it down. Been trying for an hour."
,Not Recommended,588210,30227876,Posted: 27 February,all,XvKnightvX,"Before I start I want to say that I love this game and the reason I am not recommending it is NOT because the game is bad it is because the game IN ITS CURRENT STATE is in my opinion not very enjoyable. As you have probably seen from other reviews both positive and negative this game like a lot of early access games has numerous network issues, gameplay bugs, menu problems etc and this is understandable the devs (Zero Gravity Games) have been very responsive and released a patch fixing some issues the on the games second day of release. I love the complexity of learning what certain modules do and how they interact with one another the devs really put a lot of thought into the station building/repairing mechanics. One issue I do have is that there is a steep learning curve and without much tutorials and the wiki still being assembled it can be frustrating trying to figure out how to get started. Again I do love this game so far and I think if your iffy on buying it now just a month or so and let zgg fix things up a bit otherwise you will be trying to learn how to play while fighting server disconnects, player clipping, and other known bugs. In its current state I can't recommend Hellion mainly due to performance/gameplay issues I will update this review over time as the game receives updates."
76561198043697188,Not Recommended,588210,32438778,Posted: 15 June,all,M00NSH0T,"It's got potential, but the controls are terrible.  This game screams for joystick / controller support.  I'll try it again if they get around to adding it, and might recommend it at that point, but without controller support, I can't in good conscience recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,588210,31331233,Posted: 23 April,all,ooaidenoo,"games like this are why early access is, for the most part, terrible, the system requirements are a joke, if you even try launch this game on minimum specs it'll crash, some of the worst optimization ive ever seen, wait for a few years and then come back to this game, right now its such a mess its not worth your time, there is so little to do its unbelievable."
,Not Recommended,588210,30184498,Posted: 25 February,all,Iris,"Date: 26/02/2017'This game, has a huge amount of potential. But in it's current state, I myself cannot recommend it.'The main issue with this game stems mainly from horrible bugs, constant crashing and high amounts of memory usage. I do advise keeping a close eye on this game, because as I said, this game shows promise. Unless you feel like shelling out £19.99 or $24.99 to something that might disappoint you. It's a risky gamble because some people I know have had issues with the game, and some do not. What causes it is currently unknown."
76561197960684791,Not Recommended,588210,33257494,Posted: 4 July,all,AMDX1325,"The best way to describe this game is Ark Survival: Space Edition. Is the game fun? Yes, it is fun if you like survival and likes to spend time figuring out how to play this game. You must learn to do everything in game, there is a glossary to instruct you how to play, but the rest is up to you. You will start the game on a small space station which is also your home, and you will find pieces of spaceship that you need to attach to your station to grow your home. You will also need to scavenge the space for parts and resources to refill your station/ship. From there on, you can explore space. Overall, the concept is great.HOWEVER, execution of the concept is another matter. The game is still in alpha period. There are tons of game breaking bugs, which will make you hate this game. Some mechanics of the game is plain annoying (docking procedure for example). Game server is also unreliable. The first day I got this game, the server is down the whole day. Thanks Steam for refundable downloads, I returned this game after 1.5 hours."
76561197997971133,Not Recommended,588210,30459133,Posted: 11 March,all,TXVinDicate,"I do not recommend purchasing this game in it's current form. The bugs and learning curve without any documentation make the game far more frustrating than enjoyable. It's sold as an EA game so I expected it to be a bit buggy. However, there must be at least some truth in advertising and this game has very little as of yet. The game is sold as an open world PVP survival game.  I find it very hard to believe any decent PVP can ever be had in this game due to the clunky nature of the engine that it operates on and the fact that even walking or moving around in your ship could result in you walking straight through a wall and out into space, without your jetpack or suit/helmet unless you just wear it at all times. Warping anywhere takes an inordinate amount of time as well. The idea of the game is a great idea, I love the graphics and feel of space, however with the mechanics in the state they are in docking often takes longer than you have O2 in your suit for. Therefore I spent an awful lot of time waiting out LAG and glitches only to find that what I'd spent doing the past hour or so was wasted because my O2 ran out, or a brand new EVA suit full of (supposedly oxygen) just kills you for no reason while out in space. There are no health bars to tell you you're taking damage or anything to say WHY you are dying just a loud heartbeat... although sometimes I heard that without taking damage as well so who knows.  The concept is great but I'm TOTALLY dissapointed in STEAM for allowing games this buggy to be sold on their system and I will probably NEVER buy an EA game here again. (Which is a shame because a few have been good)"
,Not Recommended,588210,31245742,Posted: 19 April,all,Steven,its okay i guess it be better if there was no servers and it was pulled off line to be a more single player small group coop thing. with AI ships nad NPCs less player and on player crape cuz its annoying.
,Recommended,588210,34241672,Posted: 14 August,all,MalsStukjeVlees,"A bit buggy and not so much content, but has great potential if they add more stuff."
76561198216563783,Recommended,588210,31354117,Posted: 25 April,all,blacktalon905,Whenever I start the game it crashes after a couple of seconds.
,Not Recommended,588210,31218669,Posted: 18 April,all,hybrid1969,"Summary -I am unable to give a full review becuase i could never get the game to run, however in its current state and with the conversations I have with friends that have played this, I think this has been released way way too early even for early access.Reasons -I kept getting  a screen saying 'Unable to login. Check your steam account' with an IP address and a missing username which i was never able to get working.The forums are not particuarly helpful, although the email support was very good and they were nice enough but unfortunately all i got was the usual re-install, check you steam etc with no real solution.This will be my first ever refund as even I wont pay for something I cant play but I will certainly keep an eye on it and hopefully try again in the future."
,Recommended,588210,30238565,Posted: 28 February,all,BEST4GAMERS,"WARNING !!! This is Early Access review , and it may change after game released !!!Great game , i really enjoy it .the whole idea of space exploration is cool , you need to mine asteroids and get resourses from it , also cool .+ you can play with friends+ you can play alone+ you can warp drive for 14 hours real time lol- bugs ( Early Access so its expected )Overall 9/10You must get this game into your collection , totaly recommended"
,Recommended,588210,30148156,Posted: 24 February,all,Mrs Roberts,Very nice
,Not Recommended,588210,30360413,Posted: 6 March,all,Noxx,"I really want to love this game..Sadly the developers thought that it is a good idea to have 10 hard set sensitivity settings.So you cannot modify the sensitivity to your liking, especially since the lower and upper bound is set arbitrarily.Having the lowest possible sensitivity still makes my character spin 5 times when it should only turn ~180 degrees.I will change my review when that basic option is added to the game and i can explore the actual content of the game.edit: my main concern with this is, that basically every game alows you to set a float value for this.. so it shouldn't be so hard to let the user decide what sensitivity he wants instead of dictating it and limiting it to an arbitrarily chosen scale."
76561198008117421,Not Recommended,588210,30834843,Posted: 30 March,all,Larkfeast,This game shouldn't be in Early Release. It's still in very early Alpha. I will review in 6 months. hopefully then I can recommend.
76561198157312344,Not Recommended,588210,30206438,Posted: 26 February,all,thehutchey,It's got a good premuse and got space feeling but it's painfully boring and hard and buggy hard to play and figure out.
,Recommended,588210,30147570,Posted: 24 February,all,4 minutes,Good videogame.
76561198066114147,Recommended,588210,34204173,Posted: 12 August,all,Whisperer,"777/10, Best floating simulator 2065"
76561198116050589,Recommended,588210,30254172,Posted: 28 February,all,jeffmezz,I got 3 hours into it I logged off and when I logged back in I was floating in space with no space suit as it was hanging up on my ships cargo console...So I died and lost all of my progress. But the game is ♥♥♥♥ing goram beautiful and totally reminds me of firefly.I give this game a YES/NO I cant wait to see what these developers do with it.So I'm updating the original review ... I want to love this game but Its still very early and mostly everything is broken or incredibly clunky Im still not sure if there is even planet fall in this game as the space ships have ridiculous mechanics PLEASE ADD HOTAS CONTROL SCHEME TO THE SHIP FLIGHT also PLEASE ADD GAMEPAD SUPPORT! if this game had the flight mechanics of Elite Dangerous it could seriously kick that games♥♥♥♥♥. But it seems they are still just debugging what little of the game that I have exeprienced which is fixing a station fixing a ship and....Now what you dont need to eat there are no sleeping quarters and there is no loot other than crap to fix your ship and space station...You should have to make it to a planet and then try to survive and build a station there like in no mans sky...WHY CAN NO DEVELOPER SEEM TO BE ABLE TO PUT THIS ALL TOGETHER. Money and bartering in food loot and spare parts would go a long way into making this game more in depth... I want to see larger ships with common dining areas and loot this game seems rather pointless at the moment.
,Not Recommended,588210,30989216,Posted: 6 April,all,>>>RICECREAM,TERRIBLE. way to many glitches so far. i get early access but i had 3 major issues with docking three times in a row and it makes it just not fun.
76561198070486793,Not Recommended,588210,31027500,Posted: 8 April,all,Edge_Master,"Don't buy it, it's devoid of content currently, and there's a ♥♥♥♥ ton of bugs which ♥♥♥♥ up the hours of work you'll spend trying to do the basic stuff that is available for you to do. Not worth the $24."
76561198009584258,Recommended,588210,30222604,Posted: 27 February,all,Shinn,"I played this game a minute after release.... it was buggy.... but kept me interested. So far the developers have kept pushing patches through, making this game a lot easier to play.This is an early access game, with great potential. This is an early access game that's already fun!What makes it so much fun is the little things. The space of de-pressurizing an airlock, or grabbing a drill and adding a canister and a battery, even recharging said battery within the ship or life pod!And im not even speaking about the docking process and the ships in the game!"
,Recommended,588210,30273918,Posted: 1 March,all,anobis,"TL;DR You will hate this game 80% of the time that you play it.I crash after changing the settings, I crash after simply respawning, I crash after opening a door or have to restart the game to get it to work properly. I'm only able to play the game during 25% of the time that I spend on it.The game has around 30fps on the lowest settings with a GTX 970 and a 3.7GHz CPU.Most of the servers are either laggy as hell or have no players on it, there are no enemies other than players, there is only a singular type of ship, there is only a singular type of gun, there is only a singular playermodel. The gravity system is bugged to hell.Do not buy this game unless you want a space survival game with less content then No Mans Sky, laggier than Star Citizen, and still the best EA space survival game out there."
,Recommended,588210,30258670,Posted: 1 March,all,NobleAvatar,"This feels like a mixture of RUST in space and Kerbal Space Program, which is a good thing. It is buggy at the moment, however the potential for this game to become a gem is there. It's gonna take time, polish and listening to the feedback from the community for it to get there though"
76561198187361330,Recommended,588210,30236593,Posted: 28 February,all,Mattie,Hats off to developer for making refreshing game (which must be a really hard task these days with so many games already out there) that dispite being difficult still is a relaxing experience which for me is what gaming is all about. Knowing this is early access i can live with the bugs. Friend of mine setup a dedicated server which makes it lag free so it was more playable. Tried to dock my first airlock and failed miserably with hitting my station which spinned of into oblivion. Funniest part was that my friend was still in there unknowingly setting of to the sun. Controls wise it is a good idea to check some tutorials on internet. I'm not a programmer or developer but i think it must be really difficult to make a game that runs good. Unfortunatly this is a time where a lot of people are complaining and criticising the work of developers. Keep in mind that the developers are people too and working there asses off so you can enjoy your time off with playing there pieces of art. So before complaining and whining about a game that is only in early acces for a couple of days give the developer some credit and be patient. And for developers keep up the good work!!
76561197969718406,Recommended,588210,30441542,Posted: 10 March,all,V!,"Man, I looked at this game on Steam the other day and didn't initially plan on purchasing it, but the highly positive feedback really said something to me. I find the steam ratings system to be a very good indicator usually when it's at the extremes of the positive or negative scale but Mixed can be more subjective, but after reading just a couple of the positive reviews I knew I had to get it, just on how glowing they were, and how filled with potential they had viewed this game to be. All of the negative ones are purely on bugs that they had encountered which are entirely to be expected for a game in this early stage of development. You can disregard those if you are familiar with how early-access works and are used to playing the game for its potential and the journey to get to the finished product.Now, after having played it for a few days, I am exactly where those positive people are, and I see it in the same way they do. I have had such fun with this game in this relatively short period, and considering how little there really is to do right now that's quite impressive. Really I've not encountered that many bugs at all, it's an extremely stable and playable game for the most part.This game easilly falls into a particular, wonderful category for me; the kind where I can so easily create my own little stories and things. the emergent atmosphere and character and feel - like looting a ship and yet leaving things laying around so as to make it interesting and atmospheric for the next person who happens upon the vessel after who-knows-how-long. It reminds me a little of Parkan II, which was a really cool game in theory yet lacked a decent design direction and was otherwise extremely lacklustre and with a feeling of unrealised potential. I'm very very happy that at long last, after a lifetime of playing videogames, the seamless exterior/interior ship gameplay is actually happening in the ways I had always hoped and imagined: a ship is a real thing, a vessel with numerous systems all connected together, in a way that doesn't feel like just an entity that's been spawned in.And I flipping love how all of the technology around you is technically ancient, yet from the same era as you. I find myself thinking as my character, wondering how far humanity has come since we left, all the way back on Earth.It excites me immensely to imagine how this game will be when there are numerous varieties and sizes and types of ships and configurations for you to discover and loot. Hopefully they'll make the interiors flush with things to interact with, like blast doors for windows and buttons for exterior lights and whatnot. Being able to retrofit ships with different, modular systems taken from other sources would be cool. Living in space with only a finite amount of technology available would require some very creative thinking from the population of the Hellion system; making things work in ways they weren't perhaps intended thanks to some MacGuyvering. This is the kind of game where you get giddy thinking of all the cool stuff that could make it in considering how thoughtful the designers have been so far with what's there right now.Clearly I could just go on and on and on about this game. If you haven't tried it yet you absolutely must."
,Recommended,588210,33618004,Posted: 17 July,all,[OG]Shiro'Wolf,"Pretty Good game , despite being early access. Could use some key features, such as escapepods if possible,and maybe a automatic docking procedure for Built Stations, and stations Deffenses,such as Ship Tracking or Deffense Turrets that can be activated via button on the Main bridge that also intiates a station lockdown. And Maybe a Station purge feature on the bridge to, that pretty much undocks the entire station and  Lets all the air out except for Safe rooms that are Locked when the station is purged, keeping them safe from the vacum of space."
,Recommended,588210,33575985,Posted: 15 July,all,Shawgo,"This game is fun and unique even in it's current stage.  i'm confident that when this game is feature complete, it will be my favorite game to play for hundreds of hours."
76561197966688099,Not Recommended,588210,30717284,Posted: 24 March,all,VooDoo,Have fun trying to connect modules to you ship. Controls are not built for mouse and keyboard. Should have a more robust automated system for connecting modules that you find.
76561198048696330,Not Recommended,588210,30816094,Posted: 29 March,all,placiddream,"I get early access but if youre going to charge for a game .. make it at least playable. Bugs, Lag, and that horrible Docking System(that so important to the games progress) is so broken and un usable unless you have PERFECT ping. I would NOT buy this if i were you. I really really hope steam gives me my refund."
,Recommended,588210,30191796,Posted: 26 February,all,Cakestrike,Pros:-Newtonian physics-Complex game mechanics-Immersive sound design-Base building and ship flying-Looks quite goodCons:-Desync-Really buggyOverall I'd recommend the game if you are a fan of space games.
76561197976973168,Recommended,588210,30255372,Posted: 28 February,all,chaosofcreation,"It needs more time to marinate before it's playable for me. I was only able to access the nearby ship once out of 6 tries getting past game breaking bugs (like oppening my cryo-pod into no atmo and dying like an NPC). My one sucess resulted in being flung into hard vacume with a dead suit on through a wall on the bridge of a rubberbanding ship, only to die like George Clooney did in that space movie as I fell into the gravity well of a nearby planitary body. Pretty cool way to die, to be honest (the physics are amazing and a sobering reminder of how dangerous vacum can be), but only if it where my fault it happend.It has massive potential and it's a beautiful game worth waiting for. I'm patient, hard to please, but patient."
,Recommended,588210,30150481,Posted: 24 February,all,Captain Max Power,I Like it.
,Recommended,588210,30532464,Posted: 15 March,all,DrewCasey24,"A lot of people have been complaining and giving bad reviews because the game has bugs. I guess they Gail to realize that this game is Early Access so there is bound to be bugs and problems, the game is not a finished polished product. The devs update and fix things when they are able to. With that being said I think that this is a great game for exploration and for those with the will to survive. Very good game. I unfortunately have not been able to test out the multiplayer aspect yet but hope to soon."
,Recommended,588210,34031592,Posted: 4 August,all,FancyEquation43,"All I can say is the game has potential. A good survival game with a very steep learning curve that could push away players that wish for instant gratification. I also kept in mind that this is still in alpha. Some bugs here and there nothing too crazy...engines come onine but do not work. Again, maybe I'm just doing something wrong turning them on because of that learning curve. I am looking forward to see the finished product."
,Recommended,588210,34070159,Posted: 6 August,all,ogies,This is such a great game. Navigating in space with planets and moons that move like they are supposed to is amazing. Having to think about surviving is space requires planning ahead & is so rewarding when you get it right. The developers have already improved the gameplay since its alpha release & I can only see better and better improvements in the future.Great Game!
76561198386011612,Recommended,588210,32581670,Posted: 19 June,all,Gamble_582,"Awesome concept... however there honestly needs to be a point to the game in terms of collecting gear and building a base... even if it's assembling some sort of comm area to call for rescue... SOMETHING... otherwise all of the work regardless of server wipes in Alpha is pointless. While I'm not asking for a singleplayer, at least provide some carrot or stick or reason.. as the game is a bit too empty to make building things for zero purpose worthwhile. What's the point of surviving just to survive? Otherwise I applaud the graphics and attention to detail... I was amazing, however it needs a purpose. I asked for a refund after an hour in and plenty of youtube videos watched, I will give this game a thumbs up and absolutely will purchase  later if it develops more, I'll keep my eye on this as should you."
76561197983732807,Recommended,588210,31218612,Posted: 18 April,all,Rimshot,Wait a while for content and bug fixes. its a Unity based dx11 game.Very excelent atmosphere makes me dream of this at night. these game designers have done that right. physics = floating in space and start to spin you will continue forever until some force is applied. see newtons law. (you know the apple fell out of a tree)radeon 7870 is equivelent to nvidia 660. I should have checked that first. my pc runs this and its smooth feeling but stops responding after 4 minutes. unplayable for me. I dont understand how i freeze/hang from only 5 modules/direlects around me. My load is bigger than that.Online Servers to choose from only. No offline play. if you want to host a game you need to make a dedicated server.some server have a 60 people limit and some have 100. most i seen at a time on one server is 15. not sure how the simulation speed is because my pc cannot run this long enough to play.at this point i have 14 hours game time showing in steam. only 1.5 hours of that is in game playing in 4-5 minute intervals because my graphics card is radeon hd 5770 and freezes up and stops responding. i guess its my fault.... mabey in the future it will work for me. I should have put the 27.99 towards a newer graphics card. mabey ill find a used one on the side of the road. ;pon to the game. its beautiful and very lonely feeling. ship and station parts are removable and replacable and i guessing wear down from use. there is parts inside and outside ships/stations. there is asteroids to use a mining hand drill on. (so far i have not been able to get to one because my graphics card is old). so you drill and collect some resourses to refine into air and fuel.if you need parts you must go search for them in other stations and ships. Start out by putting modules together then you search and find more to add to your own base. add a ship and warp it somewhere. some are owned by people and some are direlect. you can go visit others and see them standing in the place they logged off at. what you do to them is... you decide. not sure you can move other people or their bodies. the players all look the same and as far as i could tell there is no name tag to tell who you just seen. Also there is no defence while you are offline so easy pickings for raiding.navigation is based on orbit size. you are orbiting planets and moons and must keep the orbit stable or will dissapear or crash into a moon. have not seen this happen yet. all other stations and ships and players are all orbiting something.weekly patches for the bugs are plenty and they are working on it. very early at this stage. from players and parts falling thru the floors to power and air distrubution then there is some rendering stuff that shows stations with no walls or watching someone who is invisible opening doors and moving parts around like a polterguist.I would buy this in a year but for now its a work in progress and you wont get a persistent play for long. there has been a few server wipes and i am sure there is going to be plenty more to fix their bugs.
,Recommended,588210,34631989,Posted: 31 August,all,TAMT145,"This Game is amazing! Perfect,No lag (FPS), For me not glitchyThis Game is worth it as i got it on mu birthday And i played 8 hours stright But the problem i had was The Ping on the servers so i had to wait for the Server to do something like Press something, Its worth £20 Somewhat way better than Space engineers"
,Recommended,588210,30468444,Posted: 12 March,all,DC,"So this game really isn't close to being bugfree or buttery smooth performance - but ITS IS EARLY ACCESS this is what EA is for! I've bought it, I'm happy with my purchase and I am really excited to see where this goes.Buy it, encourage development.I was sold on the trailer lol, I was even happier when I got in game, it looks beautiful, even with 10FPS (check my profile for rig specs) on max graphics. When I spawned on my own I had a nice 100FPS but this game...is HARD. No tutorial, guys please give ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like me a tutorial!Buy it."
,Recommended,588210,30169847,Posted: 25 February,all,sleep.,"While half the playerbase ♥♥♥♥♥es about another early acces game and others about no working tutorial. Press F1, or check the main menu, the HELP option. I found it rather enjoyable.It takes some time getting used to it, despite some heavy bugs, I think it will become an enjoyable experience if the devs focus on fixing bugs and not dumbing down the game."
76561198027252670,Not Recommended,588210,30329556,Posted: 4 March,all,kileymld,Don't waste your money. Seems like it could be a good game but all these bug make it to the point where you can't play and get frustated. If a game compnay is going to release a early access they need to at least make it to the point where there is no game ending bugs.
,Recommended,588210,30177052,Posted: 25 February,all,Evo,"Has potential later down the line, definitely needs something at the start to help new players as it's really confusing."
76561197990377112,Recommended,588210,30195620,Posted: 26 February,all,clampos,Hellion is a complex physics based game that has great potential. The graphics look excellent but will no doublt chug along on an older machine right now as its not optimized yet. The building and  maintenance are all modular and quite unique. right now there isnt a ton to do and that will be the real test going forward.The developers seem engaged but only time will tell. I buy a lot of EA games so this was a no-brainer in the ened but there are plenty of videos out there that show the gameplay to date.Well worth keeping an eye on even if you dont buy rigth away.
76561198067297481,Recommended,588210,30195715,Posted: 26 February,all,tissue_waster,"Looks pretty good, Devs who listen to feedback are always welcome.Game has potential, and I'm willing to bet on it (that bet was $25)"
76561197997991348,Recommended,588210,30197217,Posted: 26 February,all,Dec,"great game ,very intense ,you need patience and skill to play this game ,very realistic and deadly."
,Recommended,588210,30202520,Posted: 26 February,all,Periodtacosauce,You would think if humanity had the capabilities to travel to distant stars we would have advanced our docking tech. The mechanics for docking are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I really hope they are fixed soon this game has a ton of potential but the mechanics for the docking are game breaking with how glitchy and rubberbanding the servers are. at least make it a distance thing where we can tie and anchor off then make adjustments isntead im 50k away to a split second being 2k and knocking what ever im trying to dock on it away.
,Not Recommended,588210,30326714,Posted: 4 March,all,Stitxch,"Game looks sweet, booted her up and no matter what settings I change it runs at 1 FPS. I'm running an i7 6700K @4gHz with 8 cores, 64 gigs of DDR 4, and two 1080s in SLi.I'll revisit this review once the game becomes playable."
76561198047803625,Recommended,588210,30271111,Posted: 1 March,all,DreToX9o7,"Awesome idea and I really want this one to grow and get better. That is why I bought it in Early access knowing it would be buggy, I wanted to support this awesome idea. I hope more do as well."
,Not Recommended,588210,30326373,Posted: 4 March,all,KaBOOM,Learning curve is extremely steep. Enjoyable gameplay but frustrating. Flying with jetpack and ships need to be fixed.Features of the game are great. They just need to be tuned. A lot.
,Recommended,588210,30212792,Posted: 26 February,all,robocheezits,The game has some bugs but it is still a fun game.
,Recommended,588210,31477875,Posted: 30 April,all,Dennis Nerdy,Excellent game. Very diffucult. Don't be afraid to die a few times learning.
,Recommended,588210,30164050,Posted: 25 February,all,BREAKING POINT IS BACK [PCGC],"Considering I'm writing this the day of release, I'd say this game is shaping up to be pretty great. Very challenging and punishing. Really good with friends. Obviously it's early access so there will be bugs. The devs seem to be very responsive. Right now I'd say it's worth the price. Will update review as needed."
,Recommended,588210,30184234,Posted: 25 February,all,Toshik,"This is one of the most interesting EA titles out for sale right now. The game is very challenging and interesting. Even though it has bugs, it still works very well.This is not the game for people who want an easy space sim. You will not be able to do everything by pressing a couple of buttons. The game challenges the player to explore, learn and mess up. And trust me you will fail a lot of times. It is a very good game if you are willing to take on a challenge and if you enjoy trying to figure things out on your own. I still did not try to play coop, but I think if you have a friend by your side the game is even more fun!"
76561198574924689,Recommended,588210,30816014,Posted: 29 March,all,Too Experienced,very good game just needs more content but thats cuz it is early access. has alot of things going for it in the future
,Recommended,588210,30157210,Posted: 24 February,all,Hookemhorns93,needs tutorial
76561198059709849,Recommended,588210,31430243,Posted: 28 April,all,Red,"Lots of potential here. Dev team is extremely active, I'm hopefuly for the future."
76561198142458400,Recommended,588210,30512357,Posted: 14 March,all,orreo4,"This game has amazing promise for those seeking a REAL space experience. While there is a steep learning curve at first and still many bugs to be fixed, I am excited to watch the progress that is being made."
,Recommended,588210,30161963,Posted: 25 February,all,TAURUS,"Awesome Game! At the beginning you dont understand nothing! But thats good, it forces you to help someone out or getting some help. It feels like a true Space Simulation, unlike the very most of other space games. I m totally convinced that hardcore space fans will get what they are looking for especially when they search for a team based game. Casual Players stay away, you get casual games all over the place. This is truely a game for people who have huge expectations towards multicrewing. As an early access game it already brings a lot mechanics in and they are a lot more to come. The price is incredible for what you get for, the ambience is worth much more. Definately a must have for multicrew/team/koop space game fans. I look forward to play it with my teammates on the regulary now! Good Job Devs! You start with much more mechanics than a 150million game after 5 years of development and a multicrewship for free ;)"
,Recommended,588210,30160976,Posted: 25 February,all,Petroph,"Great Potential. Though there are many rough patches in the netcod making playing in populated servers quite difficult, some things that are not implemented quite yet, and optimization issues galore. I can't wait to see this game progress. Great space survival game as is. Though the learning curve can be a little too steep to do lack of tutorials and such, but that will come in time.Edit: After joining a more stable server. As in a population of 2, me and a friend managed to have quite a bit of fun, learning the game, and managed to dock various things to our little base. Though at this time, Engines appear to be non-functional in the games current state. I believe we have reached the End of Early Access at this time. Simply because we have no fuel to get anywhere."
,Recommended,588210,30161095,Posted: 25 February,all,Phish™,Great concept... Great audio and visuals... Terrible control scheme and no tutorial whatsoever. Can tell it's early access but it has potential.*Bit too much money for the current state.
,Recommended,588210,30655682,Posted: 21 March,all,Death Star Pumpkin Guy,"I basically was too hard on this game, and for that I'm gonna give it another fresh breathe especially with all the new cool stuff coming out. Wait until then."
,Not Recommended,588210,30277719,Posted: 2 March,all,Apex,"Honestly, dont.  Just don't.  If you want to get robbed just send your money to the devs via some other method; don't waste your time on this game."
76561197968151701,Recommended,588210,30157805,Posted: 24 February,all,Pvt_Joker,"The game mechanics are great, however since it is a day one of EA the gameplay is a bit rough. I would sugest waiting for couple of updates."
76561198030762092,Recommended,588210,30157475,Posted: 24 February,all,Hans_Yolo,"This game has alot of potentional with it's survival mechanics. It's fun to figure out what to do in this world and how to survive, even though it has some game breaking bugs at the moment. But it's an alpha, so I don't worry about it."
76561197998996774,Recommended,588210,30158915,Posted: 24 February,all,Dax,"If you enjoy the challenge of working things out for yourself whilst floating in space this could be the game for you.From the outset there's no manual, no explanation of how things work in the station, there's no hand holding but there is a help button (escape --> help) that shows you the key bindings but other than that you're on your own.Not for the light hearted and definitely shows potential.Graphics are nice; sound is great; controls are a little fiddly but it gets easier with time; difficult game for sure !--If you are worried about the negative reports for this game remember a few facts :- Many people are afraid of games that don't show you where/what to do and give up too easily.- This is EARLY ACCESS : there's going to be bugs and issues.- Add it to your watch list and give the devs time.- This is a hardcore game ... make a mistake and you're likely to die."
76561198017043107,Recommended,588210,30169115,Posted: 25 February,all,Furryfury,"I'd like to take a moment of your time and write a couple of things about this fresh space simulation game.I really appreciate the effort that guys have put in making sci fi content seem so realistic and well put together for an Early Access game! It's realistic in the sense of how one might expect space to work if we as a human race ever become interstellar species :)There are a lot of things to keep you busy at night (and day depending how many hours you put in it per session), from asteroid mining for precious resources and maintaining your ship and keeping it's systems online, because outer space is a harsh environment, and it takes a lot of effort to survive! But, that's why it's a space survival simulation, no?I understand the guys at Zero Gravity team experienced some issues with the servers upon launch, but, ppl... That's expected... When a studio like Blizzard had a server outage when Diablo 3 launched ppl were flipping out, but kept playing and things eventually went back to normal. And we're talking about a multi milion $ team that had a major server outage upon launch, and not some indie team that cannot compete financially with AAA issuers so, yeah... Give the guys some slack and let's help them grow with constructive comments and develop this game into an amazing space survival like it's already promising to be!Kudos to all working hard at Zero Gravity team, and keep up with the good work!"
,Recommended,588210,30158080,Posted: 24 February,all,Zed,"This game is for hardcore space sim players, people that have pretty much completed KSP and want somthing with guns. Its all uphill from here.Dont let the bad reviews fool you, if you want a HARD game, if you like learning cool stuff and are an avid darksouls player this one might be for you!"
76561198058802761,Recommended,588210,30158101,Posted: 24 February,all,Kraxx,Space sim with pvp? Multi Crew ships? Feel like your in all those cool space movies? Yeah it is as good as it sounds.
76561198094359823,Recommended,588210,30157725,Posted: 24 February,all,The Bradass Mofo,"Far too early for a review, and sure it has had a rocky start, but no worse than some AAA games that get decent reviews, the gameplay is solid,though HARD, but I've had fun with it so far."
,Recommended,588210,30160062,Posted: 24 February,all,GROF.CybeRNerO,"10/10 I'd open the airlock without depresurizing just to get my self propeled into space!0/10 I'd whine for the massive bugs. Not game-breaking if you like that kind of games!6/6 hours on my first play!Disclaimer: In case you didn't know, the game is in Early Access, you know, the Steam Cancer! Expect the appropriate quality!EDIT: THIS IS SO ADDICTIVE!"
76561198007668417,Recommended,588210,30160670,Posted: 25 February,all,gauge235,"Downloaded and played for 10hrs straight. All the little subsystems and interactions with your ship or station are alot of fun because of the realistic sort of feel. This is what I hope Star citizen applies to thier game, its so good. Anyways, im not sure why there are mixed reviews on this game cause ive been waiting for a space game like this.The feel of doing a ETA and the skill of controling momentem is awesome, and I found it intuative even though others are quick to complain, Im not even sure why.Its Alpha though of course, and its a base game, but with additional content added this will be a winner. Already looking forward to getting up tomorrow and having another crack at it. Ive been playing with my brother who is of like mind for a mature, slower paced, and immersive game like this. This game lends itself to 2 player co-op.Decompressing airlocks, changing air filters, modules, fuel cells.... Checking systems to see what parts need replacing, since there are like 30 parts on a ship that could fail..... Doing EVA on deralicts to find replacement parts.... Its very immersive."
76561197973150170,Recommended,588210,30158274,Posted: 24 February,all,oscar,"Lets see i blew myself out of the airlock before i put my suit on drifted off into space:) opened the cargo bay doors forgetting my suit was recharging turned into an icecube:) missed my first pass exploring an asteroid in my suit, 2nd pass dead on literally:)"
76561197998284148,Recommended,588210,30159984,Posted: 24 February,all,Commander Tahren,Great game with lots of potential. Is meant to be complicated and a simulator. If you like things to be straightforward like Ark this might not be the game for you. Not very forgiving either. If you want something more explained try playing Empyrion :).
,Recommended,588210,32900605,Posted: 27 June,all,=(eGO)= Zelda,SSSSSPPPPPAAAAACCCCCCEEEEEE
,Recommended,588210,31243911,Posted: 19 April,all,Severaice,"I love this game, however here comes the list :P And people complaining about it being unfinished...ITS EARLY ACCESS what do you expect? If you dont like unfinished games, dont get an early access game...Pros:-Challenging-Open World-Base Customization-Survival! (Oxygen can become a problem!)-Multiplayer-First deaths are hilarious (getting shot out into space due to pressure at the air lock)-Ive always found at least one helpfull person on each serverCons:-Some people may find it too difficult"
,Recommended,588210,34087553,Posted: 7 August,all,⎝⧹╲EGP╱⧸⎠,I think the game is great I recomend the game to anyone.
76561197981099419,Recommended,588210,30257325,Posted: 1 March,all,Arizona Roach,"This game made me rage out so bad at first but 14 bug riddled hours later and I'm still playing. I have fresh started so many times that I'm shocked that anyone can move for my abandoned lifeboats. I have died by bug and by miss adventure  (mostly by bug) but now I can start a new game, fix up my lifeboat, dock my airlock, repair my ship and be on my merry way, hunting distress beacons to rescue momo's from there warp cores. I can't wait till this game actually works so I can truly start my life as The Dread Pirate Roach.Yaaarg grease up ya booty, your about to be boarded!"
,Recommended,588210,30256485,Posted: 1 March,all,Mr haXs,"This game has great potential, right now its playable although not without its issues - the developers are active and working on the issues that the community currently face, right now the game has a fair amount of content and i would highly reccomend it to anyone who enjoys hardcore space games"
,Recommended,588210,30256609,Posted: 1 March,all,Barzini,"An ambitious project with a gritty realism to space simulation.  Its a bit buggy and the servers are laggy which can make precision manuevers very tricky.  Recommend this game to anyone looking for a curious diversion who doesnt mind coming along with the development cycle of a work in progress game.  What will make Hellion interesting is whether the devs have a long term monatization plan to continue funding their development.  Scopewise, additional ships, station modules, gear, and a deeper crafting system could make this game a category killer."
76561197975464456,Recommended,588210,30279133,Posted: 2 March,all,Decoy,"It's currently got a lot of rough edges and is short on content, but the developer's obvious commitment to hard scifi is refreshing. Their uncompromising vision is apparent in every system of the game and I have high expectations for it."
76561197998566809,Recommended,588210,30353460,Posted: 6 March,all,Tetsuwan,As a space EA game I thought not another space sim :P but I caved in and got this game I am really happy with the game even at this stage aas being an pre Alpha. Yes there are alot of bugs that make me really mad and the learning cerve is really hard but once you get to know how to play then it really starts to shine.Would tell my frends to bye this game I would tell them to wait for a few months or if they don't mind helping out the Dev's and report bug's they find. Then buy this game.For a new player you will need to know that this game is not fast paced things will take time. To go from one place to another will take min's or hours in reall time. Yes this is not one of thows other games that you can just jump from one place to the other in not time. So PVP/PVE you will have to learn how to move in 0g or fly your ship. Just rember you will need to take your time to learn how too play/move in this game.
,Recommended,588210,30227856,Posted: 27 February,all,HITMAN,great potential just no ready yet will buy again ina a few months
,Recommended,588210,30177453,Posted: 25 February,all,njdevil2k2,"its good when it works... atm i cant play it... but im pretty sure it will be fixed... but from what i have done it is a bit complex but you catch on after a while.... all i ask is that the fix game connectivity before they lose there playerbase...*update* feb-26-2017ok... the servers are more stable and the game.....it is good but REALLY difficult to move in space if you dont have the specifics down... and that can frustratingly take a bit to get down, but it is stil a good game and concept... i just wish that the controls were a bit better and more refined...will update as it progresses"
,Recommended,588210,30456184,Posted: 11 March,all,Wunderwaffle,"This game, in my opinion is fantastic. Bugs are few and far between, the graphics are better than they look in the screenshots and videos as well as running very well on maximum settings. I can only recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,588210,35438254,Posted: 3 October,all,Alissa | Dave,"The Idea of the game itself is thrilling, with the survival elements, sometimes it become depressingly fun.could be a great game in the future, but seeing the pace of the development, the addition of new contents, my hope isnt that much for this game, I bought the game while counting down to the Early Alpha Release Counter on the website, yes I am one of the early Player, but till now I haven't seen any significant content addition, its like a premature born fetus which slowly dying because the people who supposed to care of it, doing it in a very slow pace, RIP Hellion, once a decent Idea of Space Survival Game."
76561197988886162,Not Recommended,588210,30154960,Posted: 24 February,all,Yargnit,"Very cool concept, not remotely ready for play without someone literally sitting over your shoulder explaining every little thing. I've got over a thousand hours in other survival games (mostly ARK) plus multiple thousand hours in space sim game with various degrees of realizm, from Space Engineers to Kerbal Space Program. I should be the ideal canidate to be able to pick up this game. Yet the lack of even basic information on keybindings make it practically unworkable. Movement, ok I can eventually figure out (though mouse look just NOT working the 1st time I started a character streessed even that)I figure out through trial and error how to work my way to the pilots seat of a ship. Ok now... Engines offline, no fuel. How do I get fuel? Nothing tells me, but I've got RCS so lets play with that. There's another ship over there with a docking port, lets go for it. This should be my bread and butter, thousands of hours in KSP, thousands of dockings of ships of all shapes and sizes with or without RCS system avalible. I've even got some Elite Dangerous docking experience. If ANYONE should be able to figure this out, it's me.So I manuver up close to the ship and slow to where it says 'match velocity avalible.' Sweet, how do I do that? Anyone? Anywhere? Not a thing tells me how to enable it. OK, lets literally hit every key on the keyboard until it does it. Still nothing. Alright, no problem, I can just do this full manual. Where's the docking camera view? No idea. nothing tells me how to enable either a 3rd person view, OR a view from a camera on the docking port. Now we're getting dicey, but I've still got this. I'll just park along side the docking port, rotate my ship so the ports should align, and then do it blind. It may take a couple tries but should still be doable.Almost stopped, just another tiny RCS burst and... NO that was a big RCS burst, I wanted a small rcs burst. Lets try that again. Small burst, now another small one, almost there NO another big one and we're going the opposite way again. The same press of the controls can randomly generate either a small or a large burst of RCS. Not only that, but rotating the ship introduces large ammounts of translational force because the RCS systems aren't properly balaced. So we've got no fuel, no idea how to get fuel, no velocity match, no docking view, and inconsistant controls that also produce forces on different axis than the one you're trying to interact with. Added all together and thats just a recipie for endless frustration.The concept is great. Even for early access, of which I have played much, the execution is NOT there unless you have a personal dev to stand behind you and tell you how everything works. Hell, the keybindings menu doesn't even list most of the keybindings..."
,Not Recommended,588210,30234372,Posted: 27 February,all,Broseidon,"I'll say the same here as I did refunding it. The game is too early for even Early Access. I understand that there will be bugs, incomplete features and such with Early Access, but critical features like matching velocity or well, frankly doing anything beyond looking around aren't in. Newtonian Physics without any form of automatic system to match velocity and rotation is nearly impossible to get absolutely perfect. Your ship will still drift off, even if it is extremely slowly, no matter how well you do as you can never perfectly zero yourself.It's pretty, and the little it does, it does do well. The game is very pretty, although rather laggy. The atmospheric system works well, although there doesn't appear to be any damage modeling yet, so it only ever comes into play if you intentionally vent a room to space.The tl;dr is that the game isn't ready. If the developers actually follow through with enough to get a title you can play for more than an hour, then I'll certainly repurchase it, but until then, be wary."
,Not Recommended,588210,32734131,Posted: 24 June,all,[IRON] Von Arth,"The has a good ideia, good graphics and good enought mechanics, though needs to get a lot better regarding multiplayer and warping. Its frustrating..."
,Not Recommended,588210,30468288,Posted: 12 March,all,~* BiZZ Keryear *~,"Game in a state not worth buying itI know it is alpha, I know it will get fixed ... hopefully ... at some point...But currently the game is not worth playing.Not only that there isn't anything to do. (can you even mine ... can't get this far)You can't craft .. so if the resources are broken that's it. (and last time I spawned in a startership that only had broken parts)Or repair (increasing durability of run down parts) ... for that matter.You can't really put stuff anywhere ... my corpse despawned before I got the parts from it ... I only managed to fetch the helmet because of that.Key mechanics that are already in the game are broken.as a marker missing that shows you what you interact with ... if things are close together it might not what you thinkinteraction with stuff that was in first version in reach, is now out of ... couldn't get things out of the air processor (or what it is called) ... maybe if I turn of gravity and float there but not while standing in front of ...no matter now I approach.Pressure (was floating through depressurized vents with direct connection to outside ... but behind one door there was still pressure for reasons)Modules ... I do not get a mouse cursor on air lock controls ... which are breaking them in totalCamera ... The glitch through the chair if flying a spacecraft (only saw it in a video since I wasn't able to get there ... see above)Balancing ... the air in starter suit is so low that even the developers can't manage to do the first step in which they are needed.Speed issues ... I have low frame rates and stutter ... and for times the game just stops working for (up to) minutes at a time, so that windows thinks the application has locked up (but recovers if given time)That doesn't help you if you maneuvering stuff around or are about to suffocate.Also one time ... to test if I caused the ""airlock no cursor"" issue I logged off, exited the game restarted it and logged on again ... only to then missing the all ships ... which miraculously appeared minutes later (after looking around and around) ... they then poofed into existence ... No I was not floating towards them I was floating away ... also I was floating away from the lock I was working on  ... not the opposite side of the ship ... also I was really near the ship (less than 50m) ... the other where in roughly the same position where I do expected them but weren't before.They just haven't loaded in.And you just can't hang out in space for 2 to 3 minutes to have these loading in if you don't have enough time in first place to do sheit.And that are just the things I encountered in the roughly hour I played (but due to loading time and such I am over the 2 hour mark which would allow me to refund it). ... and I couldn't even reach half of the little content that is in.Don't get me wrong it has a great concept and (probably) will make a great game one day but for now*I fear I have to write a negative review.*= check back in a few month or so**= you still can buy it, if you want to support the developer because you want to see the game happen ... cause developer tend not to program if they don't eat .. or have power to run their computers on.TLDR:For now do not ... I repeatDO NOTwaste anymore money on this game if your budget is limited and you are looking for something to play**."
,Not Recommended,588210,31952549,Posted: 25 May,all,OberstLeutnant,This game manages to be buggier a few months after release than a week after release.
76561198039736035,Not Recommended,588210,30154009,Posted: 24 February,all,Lvcian,"The controls are non existent, in all the videos I have seen there seems to be a ton of buttons to push to do some of the things in game that we NEED to do...however those keys are not known or told to you by the game. The game needs so much work on those levels I have to say I'm upset, but the game still looked good and I wanted to keep it to play more...THEN I READ WHAT THE DEVS ARE SAYING THEY WANT TO DO WITH THE GAME ON THEIR OWN WEBSITE!!!! It felt so empty and lacking anything at all that could resemble a good 'survival' game. This is to be nothing more than a HORRIBLE base building/semi-salvaging/semi-mining/PURE PVP based game that causes the players to have nothing more to do than get into a 'scrap' for the sake of getting in to a fight....just another FPS game in space with fake ""choices"" of a 'career' path.Going back to Star Citizen now....Thank you for your time"
,Not Recommended,588210,30235441,Posted: 27 February,all,Chiromaniac,"I can't in the current state recommend this game.  I want to like it SO bad, but there isn't much you can do at this point."
76561197978832149,Not Recommended,588210,30263616,Posted: 1 March,all,flinteryk,"holy man this game is buggy, it looks like it could be kick♥♥♥♥♥though so ill give it another go in a few months but right now the slow downs lack of content and no tutorial are game killers for me. However the graphics are good the physics are looking good the idea is good just needs the polish the ground work is there. right now i wouldnt recommend it but in a year im sure this game will be a nice hidden jem in the rough.4/10 with possiblity to be a 8+/10 with work."
76561198150554400,Not Recommended,588210,30158585,Posted: 24 February,all,Reaper,in its current state dont waste your money on this game ill change my review in the future once its more polished
,Not Recommended,588210,30236244,Posted: 28 February,all,Elektro Fox,"Great premise, not ready for public access, early or not. Keep it up though guys, this is the best mixed review pool I have ever seen!"
76561198097610173,Not Recommended,588210,30411909,Posted: 9 March,all,Bunz,"This is a classic EA hot mess,for a 25 dollar price tag  I'm exspecting a better EA release..There's not much detail on the what future updates are coming but I'm gonna assume this game is gona be a basic ♥♥♥♥♥..."
76561197996182522,Not Recommended,588210,30274766,Posted: 2 March,all,David6768,"Connection to the main server can not be established. If you can't connect you can't play.The loading screen was nice, thats as far as I could get."
76561197975984853,Not Recommended,588210,30174878,Posted: 25 February,all,Kilgore,"****UPDATEThe updates maight have fixed some♥♥♥♥♥♥idk it broke everything else. Dont spend money on this untill you know it's fixed we'll see.*********I really hope I get to change this review but as it stands this is a great lesson to myself about why never to be an early adoptor, and why most early acess is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I understand what early acess is,I've played more rust than I care to admit. That being said IF IT WORKS ON YOUTUBE MAKE SURE IT WORKS IN THE DAMN GAME. PROMISES ARE NOT WORTH MONEY!9 hours. In that time i managed to accomplish about 20-30 minutes of progress. They must have been running an Invision mock up or something in those videos because so much of this game flatly refuses to work. There is nothing short of a few developor let's play videos to give you any hint of what to do. Even the in game help does not work. There are controlls not listed in settings. I saw certain elements of the game work once, and only once, before they just refused. sometimes relogging helped, other times it didnt matter.I fell like I just payed to play test a game for them. I feel like I should be payed for the experience.This game has alot of promise, but that's it. The only thing I actually got to enjoy was the zero gravity movement. Once I learned how to move the novelty was gone and the mess I was left with set in.9 hours, I didnt just give up easy. I did everything in my (and google's and youtube's) power to figure out what was wrong. The game just dont work. I would send them a more detailed report if I though I'd be compensated.Day 2 it gets even better. Now I just can't connect to the main server. Now it REALLY refuses to work. DO NOT BUY UNTILL you see a patch and some bugfixes."
,Not Recommended,588210,30210327,Posted: 26 February,all,Danger Dangle,"6* tries on 6* different servers and it's crashes within 30** seconds everytime  (I got 5 minutes the last time. It crashes when opening the menu for the controls) . I'm sorry but ""this is Alpha"" isn't an acceptable excuse when charging $25 for a game that doesn't even run beyond the menu.EDIT: Yup. Call me when it loads past the menu. Refund time.EDIT #2: Yeah, don't let any of these reviews fool you. I start a game, how do I drop the tablet? Lets open the controls menu *crash*Let's try again, instead lets spam buttons until something happens. I finally throw it. I then find a jetpack, ""oh, how do I turn it on?"" Let's check controls. *crash*Let's try AGAIN. Spam buttons, jetpack finally turns on. Open door, ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ Forget to close helmet? What button was that?"" *crash* Log back in and Im dead.Ok... let's give it another shot, these reviews are awfully good compared to my experience. So I go through the check list, get the jetpack, spam buttons till it comes to life. Spam more buttons till I figure out how to open and close facemask. Open door, start jetting around the pod, then I see my ship and heads towards it. ""What was the radar/waypoint button?"" Let's press F1 for quick help... *crash* I log back in to find myself floating in the middle of nowhere with NO ♥♥♥♥ING CLUE how to bring up my HUD.I gave this game plenty of chances. I thought, maybe I'm crazy! The reviews are so good, but even the good reviews mention the bugs but they gloss over them (i.e. the review says,  ""BUGGY AS ALL HELL, BUT MAN ITS FUN"" and some how it's got 35 out of 45 helpful... omg so helpful). And as you'll notice all of the negative reviews are suspiciously flagged as ""not helpful"" despite all echoing the same issues. Out of the top 100 or so most helpful reviews, 1 is negative despite mixed reviews.Look, I understand this is an Alpha/early access or whatever. But how can you even charge $25 for this? You should be paying ME $25 to bug-test this dumpster fire. Then they parade it on youtube, where these videos that completely fail to mention ANY of these issues. It seems like a great concept! But maybe after some real bug-fixing... I haven't even seen a hotfix. Drivers are up to date, my system specs are above and beyond what is required, these issues are clearly with the game."
,Not Recommended,588210,30177094,Posted: 25 February,all,[IGS] Dest,"It's basically unplayably buggy at this point.Day 1: Tried to get into game but all I could get was ""Connection to the main server couldn't be established"".  There doesn't seem to be any obvious way to play offline or single player.  Gave up after about 30 minutes of retrying.Day 2: Eventually got past the server error and tried to connect to a random server.  It came up with a buggy looking screen that said ""Create Character"" and had no buttons or any way to move forward.  Gave up after clicking on everything that could possibly be a button.  At this point, I accidentally left the game running, so my hours played is way higher than it should be.Day 3: Figured out that there was actually a text box in the buggy looking Create Character screen.  I was playing in windowed mode before and there was no blinking cursor or anything indicating there was a text box.  I only noticed it after restarting in fullscreen mode.  I typed in a character name and got started!I awoke in a pod that said ""Press F to use"" or something like that.  No amount of slamming the F key did anything, so I restarted.  After starting again the F key magically worked!  Success!I ran around the ship and fixed a bunch of broken systems, but got stuck trying to fix the air filter.  I knew I picked up some air filters, but couldn't figure out how to open the inventory.  Nothing was listed in the controls menu.  Luckily, during my button mashing I found the chat button and someone helpfully told me it was Tab!I eventually made my way out of the life pod and over to a ship.  After exploring the ship I tried to go mine an asteroid.  I couldn't figure out how to actually change my targets in a ship, in order to find an asteroid though.  Somehow during my mashing I randomly fell through the cockpit floor and into space, where I almost suffocated.  Then, half way through getting back inside the ship I hit escape and it teleported me back into the cockpit... where I promptly suffocated inside my ship for some reason.After dying I decided to try to space station start.  I had just found a gun when I once again fell through several floors and into space."
76561198042378606,Not Recommended,588210,31594401,Posted: 6 May,all,KLear,"The game developers have really gone a long way to implement newtonian physics, yet are really not taking in consideration that this particular aspect has already been addressed in Real Life since the time of NASA's shuttles. Thrusters (directional and otherwise) have been linked in a computer controlled systems allowing to control this absolutely patheric uncontrolled drifting you are so proud of implementing. Hence ... will be requestign a  refund from Steam and would strongly suggest everyone not to buy this as, in it's current state, is an absolute waste of play time. All other aspects are stable and possibly interesting, yet the flying part of it  .. is nothing more than an uncotrolled drifting, and you'd be WASTING hours trying to get from one point to another. I've been warned about it .. and didn't believe it .. I guess i deserved it."
76561197960889835,Not Recommended,588210,30200132,Posted: 26 February,all,Dio,"Game Is a very interesting concept but at the moment of there ""pre-alpha"" release costing 27.99 CAD i had at least expected core elements to work as its labled a survival and considering as of this review  you still cannot mine astroids for fuel or oxygen which in space is quite important not to mention the absurdly long ftl times just waiting for a popup saying ""to arrive at your destiniation earlier just pay this simple microtransaction fee"" dont even want to get into trying to match orbital speeds of targets in the ship design aparently didnt include the function of inertial dampners along with the unworking engines.on another note the fact you unreplaceable ship has no respawn (aparently you can drag your entire station with you to use as a respawn) because that makes more sense then a cryo pod in your ship you loose alot and have to start from fresh every 10 minutes to an hour depending if you take your ship out immediatly from starting the game to attempt to mine and die from bugs.its an early access expect alot of bugs, lag and next to zero content filled by hour wait times in ftl to travel. I'd say dont buy until they actualy make it properly playable as it feels very rushed out onto early access and completely unprepared for actual use."
76561198073421203,Recommended,588210,32383059,Posted: 13 June,all,t3hMaraud3r,"Now I wish I didn't have a wife and a life.Dressed up with basic suit on 3rd run. Float to airlock module 600m away. Engage module rcs. Accelerate towards base. Approach velocity 20 meters per second. Start deceleration to an easy 2m/s. Arrive at 1m. Press the wrong button. Start counterclockwise rotation I didn't need...I spaz out, heart pounding, Low oxygen warning, QUICK! Shift to stabilize RCS. finally dock the module. Run to decompression interface. FOKKIN VEINS APPEAR IN MY VISION! I'M PANTING! I GET INSIDE! GO FOR THE INTERF.. .I die of asphixia. I respawn and find my body floating around like a dumbass.Superb Survival Space Sim. Such potential. Much Newton. 10/10"
76561198021032603,Not Recommended,588210,30252355,Posted: 28 February,all,Stryfe,"Game is certainly not ready for people to play.  I don't understand these companies asking people to pay money to ""test"" a game at this early of release.  Yes, they do inform you that it's an ""Early Release"" and that it is still in the development phase....but if they are asking you to pay to play it should be vastly more along in it's development than this is.Avoid this unless you enjoy floating around in space with almost ZERO control over your spaceman.  Yes you have a jet pack.  Yes you can maneuver...a VERY small amount.  But once you reach where you want to go you cant grab on, you have no grav boots, you're just winning it trying to run into things and not bounce off.  Oh, press Shift to grab on?  LoL, yeah right....all it does is sorta slow you down a tad bit.  Get inside an airlock and enjoy bouncing all over the place because you have no control.If you want good zero G mechanics with space walking, amazing ships, good equipment and weapons.....head over to Star Citizen and play their Early Release version of their Persistant Universe.  You will get a VASTLY better experience for about the same investment to start out.  And in the end you will have 10x bigger universe with better development.Avoid this, move along....there is nothing to see here but hype!"
76561198060682476,Not Recommended,588210,30174586,Posted: 25 February,all,sicodoc,"1. Launch game2. Click Play -> Main server unreachable -> Ok3. Repeat step 2 few times less than 5 times4. Stuck in loading screen5. Win Task manager -> kill a.k.a end process tree6. Repeat from step 1Less than 30% attempt got me into a game, that last not very long due to CRASHES & CRASHES.But yeah, 10 hours. Either I really want to believe in this game, or I just love to torture myself.Dont buy now, just wait for release & its review."
,Not Recommended,588210,30271658,Posted: 1 March,all,Predict,"Very cool idea of a game, It doesnt have much content maybe few hours worth. The idea of the game is something new, with the space floating and using the in game computers. I'd really like to say great things about this game but its just a early access beta. It should be free. Buy it if you want to support it but there is always that risk they just might give up or go bankrupt then you wasted your money.Pros:It is 2 player coopBig serversGreat Graphics and physicsCons:GlitchyMaybe 2-6 hours of contentDie in space you lose your space suit and have to start new"
76561198021377614,Not Recommended,588210,30454853,Posted: 11 March,all,Spookyplanet,"So many bugs, spending hours then you have to restart the game again and again....You start with random modules which are mainly red condition which are no good to you. You have no way of repairing the red modules which in the end causes, yep you guessed it, restart the game again.Space structures loose graphics and only internal is shownControling ship or modules is random if it response to your controlsNothing to do part from travel to asteriods and mine or travel to modules floating in space and collect even more red modules. Theres no much more the game offersWould NOT recomend at the moment 1/10 game play"
76561198021098509,Not Recommended,588210,30177736,Posted: 25 February,all,Man of La Mancha,"I am not saying I do not fully recommend this game if you are willing to put the patience in to play test it. The concept of this game is unique, interesting and I am rooting for it. However, what constitutes a releasable product is getting out of hand. The game says it is in Pre-Alpha. I am no game developer but that is getting somewhat tantamount to ordering a burger at a restaurant and being brought the bread, slightly cooked meat, letuce, tomatoes, all separate. I am well aware what Alpha means and we are often warned that the game is in a very early state but there is line between early product and the husk of a promise. If you are willing to play the game in this state for the sake of supporting the developers, hop in. They are starting with some very good things. If you are expecting a baseline developed product I would advise to hold off until the game has a few months of further development. I will gladly change my review when the developers manage to get the basics in a more solid state.-Environment: It is uniquely immersive. The sounds in this game make opening a door or venting an airlock an expirience. The way you interact with a ship or a module is a space geek's wet dream (That would be me). Once you enter a module you can engage the power, life support systems, ship drive as well as variaety of others. Each of these systems require certain parts that may be found in different conditions from fully operational to broken and in need of replacement.-Controls: Zero G environments are confusing to navigate. The controls feel unresponsive. Even after hours of gameplay you can still doubt that the controls are doing what you think they are doing. The learning of them could vary per person since I keep hearing people saying they are feeling comfortable with them. It is even difficult to determine whether you are doing certain things wrong or the feature is broken.-Connectivity: You can spend a lot of time getting disconnected from the main server and freeze at loading. You can exit the game and reload fairly quickly. But still it can be aggrivating.-Progression: If you manage to play a stable game for a few hours you may not be able to get  back to it. The game either loses your point or the ship you are in becomes unresponsive."
,Not Recommended,588210,30178753,Posted: 25 February,all,Thanatos,"They released it WAY TOO EARLY, even for early access. This is a pre pre early early access tech demo. Not anything resembling a game like any other early access games I ever bought. It wasn't hard figuring out some things early on, I didn't even need the update for that. But I'm now at a point where it's unclear if something is a bug or not. That is not helpng the devs. In all early access games, it was clear what the bugs were, in this ""game"" it just isn't. So even for an early access, this gets a 2/10. Space engineers got a 7/10 from the start. And that was full of bugs that didn't make the game unplayable. Hellion, you better put your money where your mouth is. GIve us something reasonable to test, so we can actually progress to a state that we can actually help. This isn't it."
76561197972219903,Not Recommended,588210,30231680,Posted: 27 February,all,Magniankh,"HELLION has a lot of promise but is a little too buggy and often, laggy, right now for me to recommend this title.I love the ship modularity and how much control you have over its systems, all of that is very cool! The refining mechanics seem simple but solid, as well.Docking is far too problematic and stress-inducing. Manually controlling the ship isn't the problem, the problem is that you have zero situational awareness outside of the docking view. There's no radar, no peripheral vision -- it's far too primitive. Docking my ship is not where I want my stress to come from in a game where it's so essential to progression, and you have to complete that task before literally anything else.Free-floating without the jetpack is also really difficult to control. Obviously the game is supposed to be a serious simulation, but for the sake of the game, just say that your character is grabbing onto their environment and turning themselves that way so that players can actually move around.I'll be watching the game but it's a little too basic right now to recommend, even for $25."
,Not Recommended,588210,34669446,Posted: 1 September,all,Black Cat,"Cant even connect to servers. Tried port forwarding, used official servers, just couldnt connect. For a multiplayer only game, it is already pretty dead, as well. Dont bother with it until it actually releases and you can guaruntee there are more players playing the game."
,Not Recommended,588210,30267902,Posted: 1 March,all,Doom721,"I couldn't get to the game part.First load attempt, i7 6600k @ 4.5ghz, ssd, 1080. 2fps.So I figure that stuff out, get the game running.Can't join a server using my name Doom721. Multiple attempts to create character name, and connect. Nothing. Spend 20-30 minutes trying to join. Eventually resort to spamming ""F"" while trying to connect.Get into game with character name F, pick up PDA. Can't figure out how to drop PDA. Glue PDA to face. Check bindings, drop PDA. Finally fix ship, go eva, ejected out into space violently. Can't move, don't know how to turn on jetpack, check bindings.Go EVA to a second ship I see. It disappears. Go back to first ship, disappears.Rejoin, choose ""random outpost"". Spawn, leave tube, suffocate. Spawn again, suffocate, spawn again... suffocate. Spawn again, suffocate.Day later, get friend, don't know why. We get out of the ship EVA. Everything is spinning in circles, ships going crazy, can't get back in anything. Run out of jetpack fuel trying to get back in ship.Edit: I did refund the game, I couldn't get to the game."
,Not Recommended,588210,30159311,Posted: 24 February,all,TheOnePunisher,"Disclaimer:  This is a day one review and is subject to change.First off this game has huge potential, but there are more Cons the Pros I'm afraid.Pros:Graphics aren't badThe physics are a nice touch (this will go in both pro and con)Cons:Lack of a tutorial or any kind of training into how the game works.Sometimes you spawn and there's no ship, you're stuck and need to respawn.Controls and ship navigation are way too clunky, feels like you fighting the ship rather than flying it.The list of keybindings and list of controls are nowhere near complete.The server browser needs work, need to be able to sort the list on players, ping...etc.At the 2 hour mark I'm still scratching my head as how to operate most of the equipment in the game, like many others have said I'll be holding off playing anymore until a major patch has been released as I'm at the 2hr mark for a refund.The game is a great concept but I like to enjoy a game, not feel like it's a second job I don't get paid for."
,Not Recommended,588210,34732717,Posted: 4 September,all,rinks361,"Fairly difficult game. Quite hard to figure out what to do or where to go without there being a tutorial. Not sure why early access games think it's a good idea to go early access without at least a beginners tutorial so we can figure out controls and general gameplay without having a massive uphill battle with controls and objectives. Graphics are great and the atmosphere (well starting space station area anyway) look decent. You can do a few things around the station but I'm not sure what all of the objects, panels and compartments even do. Again, no tutorial or pop-up guide to help you."
76561198347392284,Recommended,588210,30173271,Posted: 25 February,all,Akinola,um love you shomy
,Not Recommended,588210,30458405,Posted: 11 March,all,SilenTblooD,Well in short there are many things missing. one of whem is a thing called key map that shows you all the keys so that you do not guess how to operate a jet pack. i will try this game again in six months.
,Recommended,588210,33671597,Posted: 20 July,all,Brycie [WorthyGaming.Net],"Watched this game for a while on the lead up to launch on steam, Purchased the day it was realeased. I decided to wait untill now to see where the game was going before writing this review. So far the devs seem really dedicated to sorting out the bugs that were there on launch day. They also seem to be adding content as they go.Its a tuff game to get into, The slow warp travel can be boring but I suppose it is realistic. I think this game can be great but still needs alot of polishing. I hope they add more story/quest elements to guide you thru the solar system. At the momment you spawn in on your ship with very little supplys. You get your ship operational and set off looking for loot.Finding other players can be hard other than new players turning on there distress beacon. I think if there was certain events within the solar system that attracted players that there would be alot more action/interaction.I still recommend this game. As from everything I have seen the devs do care about this game and will deliver a polished product that we can all enjoy."
76561197997328619,Recommended,588210,32407016,Posted: 14 June,all,Skylee,"ITAGioco in Early Access - si vede per la mancanza di contenuti. Bug fin qui pochissimi (incontrati da me)Questo è uno dei pochissimi giochi ambientati nello spazio che trasmette realmente la sensazione di vuoto e di grandezza dello spazio in cui ci si trova.Grafica e audio di tutto rispetto, fisica ben curata e realistica, audio molto ben curato e realistico.Al momento le cose da fare sono poche ma sufficienti per far venire l'acquolina in bocca per vedere cosa ci sarà dopo,oltre che aver realmente paura di essere abbandonati per sempre nell'oscurità dello spazio...Ottimo da giocare in coop, un piccolo (l'ossigeno scarseggia!) team di superstiti ben coordinato darà grandi soddisfazioni, e aumenterà le chanches di sopravvivenza contro l'ambiente o contro altri superstiti ostili che potrete incontrare.Consigliato se amate lo spazio ben simulato e realistico, non tanto alla Star Wars, quanto più stile The Expanse.ENGEarly Access game, few content so far, but almost no bugs found by me. So the game is enjoable since now (few hours of play)This is one of the few games around that most gives you the feeling of being in space. The loneliness and the absolute great void is upon you every time you take a walk outside the small starting module, giving you the shivering of being forsaken in space forever.Great audio and very nice graphic, but most of all really nice feeling of trying to survive in real big space ALONE.Always looking for oxygen, and more resources to go on.If you love scifi mostly realistic style such as The Expanse rather than Star Wars, this is your game.Of course this is an early access, no many things to do so far, but enough to give you a taste of what will be next, and let you love it."
76561198086909431,Not Recommended,588210,31501441,Posted: 2 May,all,nobodyspecial,Had no clue what to do in the game plus really buggy had to give this one a no
,Recommended,588210,31113663,Posted: 13 April,all,ﮱﮔutex,Hellion is nicely complicated
,Not Recommended,588210,30429507,Posted: 10 March,all,Mordgier,"It's a fantastic concept - but at the stage it is in, it's basically a tech demo.You will die a lot - almost always to bugs. Everything is buggy. Docking? Buggy. Refilling jetpacks? Buggy. Picking up stuff? Buggy. Flying ship? Buggy.At $25 for what is currently in the game is just not possible to recommend. When content is added and bugs are squished - sure.I will not recommend this game because it has ""potential"". There are countless similar games with as much potential as this."
76561198295148267,Not Recommended,588210,31010997,Posted: 7 April,all,zofi1,"Clunky, slow, erratic"
,Not Recommended,588210,30348120,Posted: 5 March,all,_RocketJockey_,"There may be a lot of potential here but I have to smack myself for this one. I can't believe I paid $25 for teh privilege of alpha testing a buggy piece of software. Hoping for improvements soon otherwise this will never compete with Star Citizen.Computer SpecsLenovo T440p LaptopIntel i5-4300M 2.60GHz dual core processor4 GB RAMWindows 10 64bitIntel HD4600 GraphicsVersion: 0.1.5Screen Resolution: 1366x768Server: Dallas #6, 39ms pingGraphics Quality: Good (Beautiful and Fantastic are unplayable – After selecting a server the game freezes when attempting these graphics quality levels)First Impressions: Unplayable. With the graphics quality set to “Good” the quality is actually pretty bad. Visuals are blurry and frame rates are pretty horrible. “Beautiful” and “Fantastic” only result in the game locking up my computer after selecting a server.Bugs and IssuesWhen crouching to enter the first crawlspace you magically end up outside the ship. Once outside the jet pack in uncontrollable partially because the poor frame rates have you constantly over-correcting control inputs.Suggestions:•	Offer the user to cancel the beginning video. Having to wait on it every time you load is very annoying, especially when this is essentially an Alpha test environment.•	Allow F1 to toggle the help screen. I keep having to press the Esc key which takes me to a menu instead of simply returning me to game play."
76561198080504271,Recommended,588210,30237655,Posted: 28 February,all,LowRawhiti,this game is worth the money its got bugs /glitches but its prealpha it has a steep learning curve but its worth learning if you a a real space sim fan then this is for you
76561198119055659,Recommended,588210,30237801,Posted: 28 February,all,Wolfrahm,"I am posetiv. This will be a wery cool game, happy to have it. But.. It is a bit to early. I see it as a bit crowd founding.. I give it a cuple of weeks and I will try agein. The game is wery wery demanding of your skills. Flying, docking, ewerything. And when you put so much effort in it and controlls are so hard, and change from Reversed and not  from modules to ship. You turn and turn hunting a arrow, and never get your target in sight, all on time. Air going empty, notrogen going empty.. When you get ewerything right, you get killed by a bug. It is frustraiting of all the wrong reasons. the better you get at doing things, the longer you get in game, the more frustraiting it will be when you get f-ed by a bug.If you realy like the idea, buy/sponsor it, try it, give it som time and feedback, and join the adventure in a cuple of weeks.. :-)"
76561198123961765,Recommended,588210,33546635,Posted: 14 July,all,kevnam77,This game is great for what it is
,Recommended,588210,30267725,Posted: 1 March,all,Gravelord Nito,"Lots of bugs (EA game), but the game has a lot of potential, right now the only reason you should buy this is to support the development for the game, its playable, but dont expect much content."
,Recommended,588210,31774638,Posted: 15 May,all,Aizlluna,Good
,Not Recommended,588210,30192874,Posted: 26 February,all,DR.DOGMAN,"Great Looking game, looks like it could be real fun, but needs alot of work so I can't recommend, Keep an eye out through its development and hopefully great game will emerge."
76561198345665085,Not Recommended,588210,30822337,Posted: 29 March,all,Dragon_Lord181,This game does not tell you what you need to do. they just thorw you in.
,Recommended,588210,30185851,Posted: 25 February,all,[CSGC] Turok,"Alpha Stage: Countless Bugs so buyer beware and know what you're getting into. If you buy now understand that you basically a bug finder and financing future updates. Makes me sad to see so many negative reviews that are simply based on ""Waaaaah I didn't know what to do and there was nothing to do"". Its Alpha. What did you expect.I think we can all agree that we appriciate this ALREADY being a better game than No Man's Sky.Pros:-Graphics-Environment-Emmersion-Realistic Physics-INSAINLY in depth ship interaction / screen interaction (Down to the air filter and power wire)-MMO based on serversCons:-No tutorial, join a high pop and ask questions (Keybinds do not have all key tips)-Engines currently not enabled on your ship (In later patch)-No content other than ship, cargo pod, and spawn station (More to come obv.)"
76561198083927937,Recommended,588210,30170510,Posted: 25 February,all,zombiebaconII,"Great game, a lot of vision heading in the right direction. I think alot of people forget that this is a PRE-ALPHA game, the learning curve is insane, but what game worth playing doesnt. Physics are awesome, and moving in zero gravity is disorientating. Game looks amazing for pre-alpha, would recommend but remember it will take time to fully realize what it can be."
76561198153704958,Recommended,588210,30170577,Posted: 25 February,all,vragec111,"With a heavy heart I must say the game is showing great potential but is still unplayable.Guys, keep up the good work, albeit a bit faster :DEveryone else, you might wanna wait with your money, unless you like to support devs like I like do :DAt this stage I can nor recomment nor not recommend :))"
,Recommended,588210,30170827,Posted: 25 February,all,Darklandz,"Keep in mind this is an Early Access Game.There are some bugs that can make progress very difficult, and a number of features only partially implemented, you will die alot.The game has a fantastic atmosphere, the physics are challenging and satisfying.Many players have difficulties with the controls of this game. You have to figure out some essential key mappings that aren't even mentioned anywhere.Not a game for everyone, but if you love physics based space flight and survival games with hard penalties then this for you.A lot of the complainers, have no idea that an Pre Alpha game is still gonna have bugs and frustrations, or they complain it's to difficult. Well this a survival game, you need to think about what you do and not just have one button that fixes all for you.I'm very much looking forward to the further development of this game.TIP : Go watch some of the dev gameplay video's and read the FAQ in the steam discussions."
76561198165477425,Recommended,588210,34710315,Posted: 3 September,all,Gamma-Gamer,"Great concept, But demands very good specs, which i dont have, so it kinda ruined it for me."
,Recommended,588210,30198162,Posted: 26 February,all,Nobledroid Gaming Stream,"Has alot of promise, lets hope they keep their drive.Way of making money atnobledroid.com"
76561197987509362,Not Recommended,588210,35234032,Posted: 26 September,all,Arkideit,"Well game has patential. Yes. It is beutifull, all this hatches, doors, airlocks, menus are awesome.Why i not recomend you? Controls. Basic of all space simulator.It seems that developers didn't decide what they want from controls be more Kerbal or Freelancer.So all by the order.Character ControlAll cool until you will put yourself into 0 G zone. Then it became a slowpoke adventure, you literaly need ro ride your mouse over the table to make a turn. Jet pack can save the sutiation, but here is another problem. There is no Inertia dampers in this game none in space suit, You just cant stop to fly. But sooner or later you can get used to this.Vessel Control.Imagine Freelancer space ship controls and now add all pain from KSP orbital navigation, here is Hellion's vessel control.Ship reacts with huge delay, you don't understand speed, you dont feel speed (usualy in games use some particles around to not disorient gamer), your speedoment is a tiny line wich doesnt' give enought info. RSC overpowered and not let you to do acurate manevours.I spoke about KSP so there is no Inertia dampers too. Well interface shows your side direction (up, down, lef, right) but you need to damp them by your self with is a chalenge since we dont have ED in game and you spend most time to align your ship as you want. Yes games has function ""speed synchronization with target"" but is glichy and work from time to time.Last but not leastCameras.Only first person - only hardcore. Wich would be good, if we didnt use Newton's physics that much, and be more ackade.But in game it is pain, and most part of this it is a docking. I spend almost one hour trying to dock ship to station and i failed. Not because i cant see where im docking (i know how to use docking camera), but mostly i cant feel the controls of ship, delays between stop and acceleration is to huge, rcs overpowered and ship just cant align as you want.And all this might be good as a game if we are not talking about MMO type game. 1,5 hours just to make basic docking procedure, it could be good in ksp or any other Newton's based single player space simulators, but i don't think that fighting wit controls in the begining will attract players for online adventure.But again visual is great! and i realye loved to press all this buttons and panels!"
,Recommended,588210,30214622,Posted: 26 February,all,Khalysto,"TL:DR - This game has potential and is worth investing in as long as you like real newtonian physics and the lack of computer-controlled inertia dampners.After resolving technical issues, the following chain of events converted me from a ""prissy refunder"" to a ""prissy E.A. supporter"".1. Spawned in game & picked up datapad2. Was annoyed that I couldn't find a way to cycle to another item except for using the G key to toss the datapad on the floor3. Annoyance changed to admiration when I was reminded that not all characters have a zero-point universe in their pockets to stow head-sized datapads4. Summoned my friend so I could read the directions on said datapad while performing ship maintenance (legit AF)5. Found a grate on the floor that lead to a crawl space6. Opened neat little door in crawl space = flushed into space = died7. Laughed histerically for 2 minutes8. No longer wish to refundBTW - maneuvering in this world is *hard*. It will be *frustrating*. Take your time to get a feel and remember ""Less is More""."
,Not Recommended,588210,30329107,Posted: 4 March,all,BigCountry,And to think No Man's Sky ripped me off.....This game is not open world/survival at all. It's a puzzle space sim. It's boils down to lining up things in space (so you can interact/connect them) using the worst space physics known to man....Do not buy this game unless your just desperate to try something new....the controls/mechanics are just awful. Another Unity Engine gone bad. lol
,Recommended,588210,31322913,Posted: 23 April,all,IKILLFORD,I like the game and its concept!!
76561198068532250,Recommended,588210,31330293,Posted: 23 April,all,Tseer,Fun game - Enjoy the detail
,Recommended,588210,30264759,Posted: 1 March,all,[LANCE] Flak,Remember It is in Alpha... So don't hate on it just because when you get in the game every thing is spinning and you can't use it. They will fix it...
76561198058049855,Recommended,588210,30298028,Posted: 3 March,all,MaXxConviction,"Gameplay is quite buggy, but there is room for a great game for sure. Wait for a while don't buy it's too early yet."
,Recommended,588210,30264860,Posted: 1 March,all,Revan,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3lcGnMhvsAThis game is interstellar. Except they are better at it.
76561198148676754,Recommended,588210,30298519,Posted: 3 March,all,SuperSheep,"nice game, cant wait for the updates!!!!!!"
76561198000493105,Recommended,588210,30442120,Posted: 11 March,all,Runezin/Arctramiss,"Great potentinal, enjoyed every min off what i have played so far.It is Early Access so expect alot off bugs and such, lost count on how many times i have been forced to restart.Recommend that you play with friends, playing alone can be fun at start, but not in the long run.If you have the spare money and time to help shape this game, i would recommend buying it."
,Recommended,588210,30292169,Posted: 3 March,all,Kimky Winky TRADEIT.GG,"HELLION is a space survival game with some aspects I have not seen often in games. Such as the base building, or FTL.But there are some things to keep in mind!This game is in early stages so it is not fully optimized. So expect bugs!If you are more of a straight into combat kind of guy, keep in mind mining asteroids is very essential to keep you alive!A thing I've noticed on high pop servers when you find yourself another ship controlled by a player it may sometimes be laggy, (it might've been my internet those times).Currently there is only a second pod in the starting base for your friend, so if you want to play with 3 you'll have to find him/her.The devs have surprised with what's in the game atm, so I am very curious for what may be comming in the future."
,Recommended,588210,30236831,Posted: 28 February,all,China No.Juan,"Will review properly later. I just want to say that I am refunding. However, the only reason is because the lag this game offers from the servers is unplayable personally. Yet the gameplay for an earily access game is amazing. I havent been able to experience all of it, but being able to make your own persistant space station, omg that mind blowing for earily access."
76561198027348455,Recommended,588210,30292185,Posted: 3 March,all,Drewcifer,Very solid foundation for a great game in a great atmosphere. Love it so far and really looking forward to the potential in this one.
,Recommended,588210,30293268,Posted: 3 March,all,geekasylum,"Recommended - but not quite yet,Hellion has GREAT potential but in this Early Alpha state, it has a long way to go. The concept is brilliant. Finally a space survival game with all the nuts and bolts - You actually have to remember to turn the power on before things will work, however the charachter movement leaves much to be desired. The mouse is way too sensitive, even at its lowest sensitivity - any highter and its downright unplayable.   I've died more times than I can count after getting into an airlock and breathing a sigh of relief, only to find that the repressurisation panel refuses to operate - I can open the door using the same panel, but not repressurise. That's a great help.  On occasion interatcion panels are missing the mouse cursor all together, which makes them impossible to use, and on the ship's navigation screen, no-end of nudging the mouse pointer will get it to move. Only with paitience and a lot of mouse nudging was I able to use it, and even then it took so long to move the mouse I just gave up.  The final straw was on returning to the main deck from the cargo bay (via the elevator) I found myself suffocating in zero G - while inside my fully pressurised ship. The next thing I knew (after quickly flipping down my visor) I was magically through the solid walls and out in space. The twitchy (over sensitive) mouse made it just about impossible to get to the airlock before running out of oxygen in the starter suit, and at that point I quit, and here I am.I have patience, a lot more I think than many people, but at this stage, it has run out. I love the concept. I love the quest for working parts, and the base building, and I have watched others seemingly perform these tasks with ease. Perhaps its my slow internet but it just doesnt work for me.Ive rated this review positive becuase I can see the potential here, and hopefully these issues will be addressed quickly in the aplha stage. I'm looking forward to it."
,Recommended,588210,30353935,Posted: 6 March,all,⋖ℭ𝔥𝔞𝔬𝔰𝔰⋗,"Started game, found a door, got sucked into space and suffocated. Started another game, put suit on, opened door, got sucked into space and forgot to equip the jetpack so slowly drifted into space and suffocated. 10/10 GOTY"
76561198136748787,Recommended,588210,33616570,Posted: 17 July,all,The-kush-wizard,i think the game is fantastic however alot of people dont like it simply because its  alot of learning.the only thing that really makes me mad about the game is the bugs but its an alpha so its going to happen lol
76561198070545659,Recommended,588210,30301206,Posted: 3 March,all,eraogon,Great SPAAAAACE game 10/10 would space again
,Recommended,588210,31279801,Posted: 21 April,all,Allah Gold,">Spawn in pod>Read tablet and fix ship>Go out door, realise there is not proper airlock>""Must be automatic airlock"">pull lever labeled ""Manual"">is now 4km away from lifeboat and growing>dies>start again>get to ship>tries to dock too fast>life boat is now 4km away and growing>rage quit>New game>docks hallway onto life boat>functional base>FTL to different outpost to loot>crawl inside through air vent>tries to leave from door>is not pressurized>dies from rapid decompression10/10 would f*ck up and die from rapid decompression again."
76561198066821923,Recommended,588210,33632538,Posted: 18 July,all,jaxs86,for an alpha it is a great game yes there are the bugs but get past them and it is a very hard and frustrating witch makes it a very fun and challenging game
76561198040567945,Recommended,588210,31733822,Posted: 13 May,all,Yuri,Fun game with a lot of potential. Every update brings so much more to the table.
,Not Recommended,588210,30321521,Posted: 4 March,all,[>_<] Robot Santa,"Laggy♥♥♥♥♥♥Core i7 @3.3 GHz, GTX 970, 16GbRam - FPS is around 2.Meh... =\"
76561198011657297,Recommended,588210,30316130,Posted: 4 March,all,Scorpion,"Give this game a few month , then it is playable.But let us be clear on that this game gonna be great..But for now i will not(changed) : i will recommend it because the idea of the game, and its quailty is worth it."
,Recommended,588210,30158598,Posted: 24 February,all,The Pfaffanater,Great potential. I can BIGLY see the potential
,Recommended,588210,30158186,Posted: 24 February,all,Rabbit,"Rust in spacehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sm5Xbk15N00You start in a cryro chamber and every action you do from the start if you don't know what your doing , well  you more than likely to die .i suggest looking at least on youtube for a tutorial from beginning of the game to when they warp .you will end up doing something wrong at least once in your first life so don't dispare if you die .The game is PreAlpha meaning the game is no where near finished so id say wait untill more stuff is added i mean engines are not even on or enabled in the game yet ,Scan is disabled for now and other things but if you can handle the hardcore ship movement using manual docking thrusters to move then go for it ,its practice right you will get it eventually,  although Confusing controls while docking and what to do at start once you know you know ,Items can be found and not created at present but fuel and oxygen canIt is a hardcore space survival simthe start is about as much Grind as Rust to set up is why i said Rust In space you going to have to mine , you going to have to build , there will be getting bases in the future something in line with mining out a hole in a asteroid  , there is a respawn bed at the staion but not on your small shiponce You die outside away from station say warped to another planet with your ship you need to get back there via another ship all your stuff will still be therei think Persistance Space survival could hit Best persistant game 2017 if it gets the bugs and makes the Ui a bit better to use plus its not $150 a shipyou can raid , kill , steal , build , Roleplaythe game has not got water or food you dont starve ect , health and med packs are in gameits persistant nothing leaves the server including yousoon as you start might take 9 hours then you die BUT to do it again will take you 20 minutes"
,Recommended,588210,30170144,Posted: 25 February,all,Scuba Steve,"Game is very early alpha, but it only came out yesterday in early access and already offers a ton of unique gameplay I haven't found in any space game, or even survival game that I have played before.There are some bugs preventing me from doing a few of the main objectives of the game right now, but I honestly still had fun just doing the very introductory maitenence on my starter ship and station. If bugs really bother you then devinitely give the Devs a few more updates before you buy, but the foundation is extremely cool/unique and I am excited to see them expand this universe. If the modules wildly rotating bug were fixed then I actually wouldn't have hit any major snags in an hour of gameplay."
76561198133969758,Recommended,588210,30158230,Posted: 24 February,all,ParaNova,You know its a early alpha game and it has some bugs. But a hell of a game!
,Recommended,588210,30158966,Posted: 24 February,all,Twitch.tv/Sumta,"spawnlook aroundpull leverwalk inpull another levelejected into space and die10/10 would pull worng lever againreminder, alpha game, features and broad fixes still on going.im in, thats all i can say, love the idea, and NO ♥♥♥♥ING ZOMBIES :DGoing to be streaming this a lot more, as i disover how to do more :)have questions drop in my stream and we will try to get you folks sorted out"
,Not Recommended,588210,30153240,Posted: 24 February,all,Bert John,"First impressions review:Initiallly, the first launcher settings don't mean anything whatsoever. fastest, beautiful, whatever. Doesn't do anything. Then launching the game, seeing my fps jump to 3400 was not pleasing either.Then i went into options, found everything set to fastest, reset it all to max graphic settings(on a gtx 1080), reasonable amount of settings, nothing fancy. Then went into volume, theres only 1 slider: Volume. And it doesn't even work for music so your stuck with the semi loud menu music, lovely.Now, Went to play, picked a official server(Dallas servers seem pretty popular, 10+ people on every one). Chose the station spawn point, lagged to hell(on a gtx 1080) and went unconcious and died. Turns out that station had all its oxygen removed or someone didn't bother to pressurize the room, and since you spawn without a suit, you just insta die basically. lovely. Then i chose the ""solo start"" with a pod that has really nothing in it other then a drill, batteries for said drill, and a way to stay alive(C02) and solar panels. Theres no tutorial on how to play so figuring out how to play was rather difficult as it didnt tell you anything. Roughly it has a dead-space vib going on, so its not too bad but its very time consuming compared to dead space. And less user-friendly but kinda forces you to open things to figure out how they work, which is rather nice. Like i went to a nearby ship outside my pod, went into its cargo and founds tons of stuff i had no idea how they worked, but figured out where they went after exploring the rest of my ship, Found the FTL drive, fusion reactor, life support, cockpit, all the goodies.Enough about gameplay, now, for bugs, its not as bad as other EA games with bugs but its pretty irritating having the UI bug out or you get stuck in a door. i haven't played much, only 0.7 hours(because im stuck in a door), so yeah.Would i recommend? Not right now no. What would make me change my mind?-Tutorial or tips-random generic bugs fixed like door clipping or signs vanishing etc-FoV slider-Improved options such as Music and game sounds sliders, and from what i can tell theres ingame VOIP so a slider for that would be nice aswell.Tl;DR game is good but bugs are detrimental to gameplay making it really infuriating to play."
,Not Recommended,588210,30243341,Posted: 28 February,all,gdvhev,"Great Idea,Great graphics, Unplayable.Stormed with game-breaking bugs. I understand that this is early access, but the game is completely unplayable in the current state. The game, as it is now, is more appropriate as a kickstarter demo to show to youtubers.Surely a title to keep an eye on though"
76561197985031101,Not Recommended,588210,30155619,Posted: 24 February,all,bulletwithbatwings,"Getting tired of waiting for Star Citizen pushed me to buy this. Playing this pushed me to go back to waiting for Star Citizen.EVA is terribleThe interface is terribleThe graphics are just okay at bestThe game lags a lotI may come back to this later once it becomes more, but for now waiting on one space game is more than enough.I do not recommend this in it's current state. Even if you are interested you're better off waiting."
,Recommended,588210,30237093,Posted: 28 February,all,Guardian_Angel,It's futuristic.It's realistic.It's challenging.It's complex.It's multiplayer.It's buggy as hell.It's Hellion.
,Not Recommended,588210,30268394,Posted: 1 March,all,KROBE,very early access  many bugs dont get it and expect to play much  learning cure is way high  even if you watch all the youtube videos it still isnt much help.. controls suck  interface is not very intuitive.. tried docking the module 25 times now  it just starts to tumble away spins off..  some vids make it look so easy.  its NOT i have years of gaming and years of space sims  i like the concept  but controls suck.. oh did i mention controls suck.. hope they put in a hotas control  im tired of all the key clicking..  addtition to my review  tried agian  watched all vids on docking  tried 10 more times..no go..  what a crappy system for docking.. i dont mind newtonian physics but come on  let the docking system have better control  and a way to stabilize the pod you left from  so its not tumbling around while you try to dock to it....if they ever get this fixed  i might be able to enjoy this game instead of being frustrated over this so called easy docking system
,Not Recommended,588210,30369700,Posted: 7 March,all,MAM HOROM CURKE,"There should be like ""neutral opinion"", really...First of all, it's not like I don't like the game... I like it, the idea is awesome but the problem is that the game is VERY VERY VERY alpha... There is not many things to do and gameplay is boring cuz of that. I will comeback to the game later when where will be more gameplay...And for those who will say ""BUT ITS EARLY ACCESS ITS MEANT TO BE ALPHA OMGGGG"" Yes it does but look on other products like Rust or even ARK. Also there is Rimworld which is in EA but the gameplay is fantastic and there is so many things to do :)"
,Not Recommended,588210,31187886,Posted: 16 April,all,[UKUS]dAdDyPiMp™,i smell a no mans sky!.......we shall see!!......builds horrible in current state........i have hopes for it tho :).........I love full stops......
,Not Recommended,588210,30165595,Posted: 25 February,all,Blazing Hellion,"So I launched the game, chose the starting point in a cryo pod. Walked three steps to explore where I was, clipped through the floor, suffocated in space.tl;dr: The game is nowhere near playable at the moment even for an early access. Avoid it for now, hopefully it'll get better in the near future."
76561198187936151,Not Recommended,588210,33818449,Posted: 26 July,all,FineLivingston,"After Buying 4 copies of this game and running 2 servers i feel like i have made a mistake. The game is not worth the price they are asking at this stage and most of the members of the online community for this game are just rude and hard to deal with. The direction that the game is headed does not seem that it will be fun to play. Traveling to planets is a pain, and working with the docking system is even worse. I understand games in alpha will have bugs, but those are another whole story. I am talking about the actual gameplay and the way the game is designed is no fun for me. Maybe they will change things later but at this stage i would not advise spending 25 dollars for it until you see where the game is going. It is also aimed more towards PVP so if thats not your thing stay away. I might change my review after more updates but at this time i cannot recommend it. not my kind of community either."
76561198072610051,Not Recommended,588210,30411214,Posted: 9 March,all,jack,"ONE STAR...Don't waste your money on this one.Nice concept but very hard to play.  I didn't mind the lack of tutorial but the interface was very difficult.  There is no 3rd person view which I didn't like.  I found it hard to move around and once I made it out of the air lock I could never move toward anything.  The more I tried to go toward something the futher away I seem to go.I know this is suppose to be ""Early Access"" but it's much worst than any Alpha or Beta I've every tried.I'm disappointed and feel I got cheated out of money on this one."
76561198087178022,Not Recommended,588210,30179209,Posted: 25 February,all,Oceanhawk,"Very, very cool idea and has tons of potential but right now the game isn't ready to play even for an alpha. Between the constant disconnects and the input lag, it makes just moving around difficult. Other things like a completely unintuitive interface,lack of a cursor to make targetting things for pickup and having to drop anything you are carrying before you can interact with another, makes this game extremely frustrating.I really want to like this game I really do!!!! but the devs put this on the street about 2 months too early. This is a very rough pre-alpha, not an early access alpha. I'm going to give it some time and come back in a couple months. I might repurchase it then but we shall see. Some day I pray devs stop rushing stuff out just to grab a few early dollors. Losing an audience early can be fatal for some games.Oh and the community in this game has already become toxic. Just be warned if you try to post anything in teh forums."
,Not Recommended,588210,30263705,Posted: 1 March,all,JannikN,"In its current state, I find it impossible to actually do anything meaningful in Space, it's way too hard to control anything in this game. I like the concept and I'm going to come back once it's easier to control space crafts, jet packs and more. The game tells you nothing."
,Recommended,588210,34261140,Posted: 15 August,all,Wepwaet,"Only got to play for around 20 mins total... everything I would activate a console, the game would cause my computer to hard crash.It was the first time I've actually requested a refund from steam. If it get a more stable release, I may buy it again in the future, but as it stands now it not worth the frustration seeing it I'm my Library."
,Not Recommended,588210,30439055,Posted: 10 March,all,Razzreal,"Crap game, friend made me buy it....played it once.  Can't kill him in any hilarious hijinxical way. Game is brutal....ly boring.  Yes its complex and difficult...almost to the level of not being fun. There isnt a lot to do...its just too early for anyone to buy, which was my original opinion before buying. So dont listen to any of your friends....and wait till this is finished to make your decision."
,Recommended,588210,31942756,Posted: 24 May,all,floyd,"So I bought Hellion yesterday despite the negative reviews, because they didn't seem to be justified, and I have to say, the bad reviews about these game were made by one of these:-Star Citizen fan boys-People who don't like hard games-People who don't know the meaning of Early AccessI find this game quite interesting, the survival mechanics so far look pretty good, I didn't find any game breaking bugs (I only have 3 hours though), and the game is pretty fun, it's intense, and yes as I already said it's hard, this game is everything but arcade, to dock a ship to my starting space station it took me about 3 tries 20 minutes each, because you really have to be precise, the parts used for stuff you need to survive like air filter, ship power, etc they wear out, and you have to replace them, another positive in my opinion, for an EA this game is already really fun and will keep you busy for a while.I will keep updating this review, but so far I'm pretty satisfied, and if you like realistic survivals, space sims and gun play, you won't regret buying these game either, let's make it positive in terms of reviews, because stupid kids are driving people away, while it's a pretty solid survival, already fun, and with potential for much more!"
,Not Recommended,588210,30768049,Posted: 27 March,all,Nips Comeoff,"Looks great, I've been hyped to play it for weeksBut it's near impossible to host a private server (And not possible if your router doesn't have NAT kickback)Really, can't even play alone? Refund time"
,Recommended,588210,32084354,Posted: 31 May,all,Aberidius,Very good game. To be in EA it has a lot to offer.
,Not Recommended,588210,34482837,Posted: 25 August,all,ashleyjames656,Nice concept but would not recommed at this stage
,Not Recommended,588210,30148519,Posted: 24 February,all,A Helpless Baby,"I have been trying for a little while now and can't get into a server. Normally I would put this into help forums, but I think it highlights a big deal breaker at the moment: no local game. While it is possible to set up a private server using the steam cmd and some other things to get it to work, There is NO EASILY ACCESSABLE LOCAL GAME. I can't recommend the game until it either gets it's servers to at least 90% relyability OR gets a local game option as right now Its not a guarantee you could even play the game if you got it."
,Not Recommended,588210,30404053,Posted: 8 March,all,Damon,"=====0.1.9 Update (Early Access):============I said I'd come back to it. And I did. It still needs a lot of work. But that's why it's not finished yet. It's an Alpha/Early Access but so far I've struggled with the game and the steep learning curve. I've only played about an hour. That being said, a few friends have devoted many hours to this game. They must like it. I'll devote more time when I can.GOOD:-----------------* Performance issues seem to be fixed!* I could do stuff this time (see below for the older review).* Intro video is great.* Graphics are great for an indie game.* Compared to 0.1.6 it's much more playable.* We get regular updates, and it's getting better.BAD:-----------------* I had no sound. Sound stops directly after the intro video. Tried twice.* It's not very fun for beginners.* Inverted mouse players are still screwed. Again, it shouldn't invert the UI screens.  This is a simple fix, yet after a few updates....nothing.* Little things are misisng like having the helping datapad glow or beep to attract the player. This lack of attention can be problematic in a game.* You're thrown into it with no help. If you don't want to waste your time, look up the ""Getting Started"" guides. As one person said, ""It took me over 50 times dying before I realized what I needed to do"".  That may appeal to some players. Not me.OVERALL:-----------------* It's getting better. I went from a big thumbs down to a minor thumbs down.* My biggest issues now are the inverted mouse, and the cryptic help, and steep learning curves.* My experience is only the first hour.  What a new player will generally experience. Keep that in mind. Reading the other reviews, there's some great stuff for players here. I've also seen videos.* This game has a steep learning curve.* A ""Tutorial"" area like  ""Getting Started"" should be local and offline.* Lots of bad games that were finished and  released had great potential. I don't think that's the case here. This looks an EA game that just needs more work. I don't think the dev would disagree here.* A little more hand-holding might turn some here off. But I think it's needed. A simple voice over or something could do wonders. If it takes hours to get anywhere in the game it's going to turn off a lot of players.* It's got some great potential. But it's still not at a point where I can recommend it. Again, I'll keep coming back to it. I'll gladly recommend it when I feel it's earned it.* Let the devs know of the bugs. Let's make this game awesome.A few people are upset and don't like the fact that I'm not giving the game a glowing review.  Reviews are just opinions. It's my opinion and my experience. I *want* this to be good. Not just good, but great. I want to LOVE this game.It's Early Access. But few EA games ever make it out of EA. If it's good enough to be on the store, then it's good enough for a Steam Review. I won't give a broken EA game a recommendation because it's in EA. I give my opinion on what is being presented to me.Downvoting reviews you don't like doesn't make the game good. It doesn't do the game any favors because it turns off potential fans if the community acts like a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you've already devoted 10+ hours into the game, then you don't need these reviews. You know if the game is good or not. People have different opinions. Don't be upset that people disagree with you.Like all Alphas or EAs, look for the potential. This game has got some real potential here.  But compared to better EA games like Kerbal Space Program or Space Engineers and it's just not quite on par with their polish and quality. It's got some bugs, and some basic features missing.Oldier reviews are below:==========0.1.6 Early Access:=======Yikes. This had way too many bugs. I could barely do anything.I really wanted to love this game. And it's Early Access so I'll keep trying but it was almost unplayable for me.Little things just felt utterly broken like at one point, I couldn't turn. Almost like if the ALT (free look) button was stuck.Couldn't tell if it was input lag, network lag, or what. But controls were really sluggish.I couldn't even hit F to get out of the sleeping pod.I thought it was my PC (1080GTX with i7). nope.I thought the game just didn't do 4K well. Well, 1080p had the same problems.I checked another game...no. Seems to work fine.Some things were just wrong. I like to play with an inverted mouse in first person. But the game forces you to interact with screens that also inverts your mouse pointer. Turn your mouse upside down and try interacting with your computer. That's exactly how it felt. NEEDS a seperate option for mouse inverting on the UI screens.No tutorial. So when I wasn't dealing with controls, I was trying to figure out what to do. Look up a let's play before playing. And get the space suit.I do like I can hit X to open up my space suit visor. I don't think I've seen that in a game.For an indie title, the graphics are pretty good.It's early access so I'll come back to it. Really eager to get into the game and re-review it. I've seen some cool videos online.So results may vary. But my experience wasn't good. So beware. It's early access in every sense of the word. It felt like an alpha."
,Not Recommended,588210,30848925,Posted: 31 March,all,Straxter,"I really want this game to work well for me because I love hard core sci fi and space but the game lags and mechanices are clunky so game play is poor no mater how greate the theeme, if you cant play it it it doenst mater."
76561197965285141,Recommended,588210,32657871,Posted: 22 June,all,Frizzank,"fun game, mining is borring but the rest is kind of fun."
76561197987326887,Not Recommended,588210,30161556,Posted: 25 February,all,[FoG} Prince sells LoUd prices,"Currently a beautitful game that has game breaking bugs with lot of server issues,i have spent the last couple hours trying to play,and i get nowhere with the serer issues and game breaking bugs,cant equip helmet or anything without attempting 4-5 times,in its current state i do not recommend til major updates"
,Recommended,588210,30235578,Posted: 27 February,all,Duckson,"First and formost posatives, the concept is Brilliant!, ive been waiting for a game like this the ammount of detail the physical intereation with the environment the buttons that need pushing the doors that need opening the whole aspect of base building, space ships and so on.. the thing is right now it that it is EA and that means a lots of bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥missing :-)how ever after a few patchs this game is going to be one of the best games to have in ones steam library :-)Edit: two update in 7 days one update per week is a lot better then most games and if this dont show that the devs want this to work i have no ide on what they can do to show this :-) fast updates is good they are fix away and with a great game like this :-) its relly danm nice :-)edit there is one major problem with the game atm besides the lags... and that is stuff to do :-)but it is a EA :-)"
,Recommended,588210,30186097,Posted: 25 February,all,Mass,"Great design and attenction to detail. No corners cut in terms of design, could use a lot more work fixing the bugs. Given that though, I'm giving it a positive rating based on its Design and originality. Not much else out there like it. I'll change this to negative if the bugs aren't fixed in a reasnoble time."
76561198143596531,Recommended,588210,30241790,Posted: 28 February,all,Moore,"Played it for a couple hours and it was interesting trying to learn how to do everything, as it is in alpha there is quite alot of bugs but if given enough time i believe this will turn out to be an amazing game!"
76561197965019051,Not Recommended,588210,30193531,Posted: 26 February,all,Sprex,"Looks pretty, great concept but far too buggy to be worth the price tag at the moment. I would play it if it was an open alpha and provide feedback on bugs (which are plentyful) and put up with having to restart every 15 mins becasue something bugs out like the flight controls or a lift has trapped you on a lower level.I do not mind paying to beta test a game which is playable with a few glitches or bugs but not this many. One to watch out for in the future if the developers stick with it.I have sat on to many early access games in the hope the developer can deliver to only abandon the project or claim its finished when it is not so I have refunded this one and will wait out."
76561198008880543,Not Recommended,588210,30320977,Posted: 4 March,all,Gizmo,The controls are to hard to use I put in for a refundI would not recommend buying this game very bad controls
76561198290882576,Not Recommended,588210,30318003,Posted: 4 March,all,hellsshadow,this game is not ready by any means i am sure this game will be great but its truly unplayble as it is now they are slow on the important issues and fix things that need no fixing give it a few months before purchasing.
,Recommended,588210,30154706,Posted: 24 February,all,Zingo,"Really nice and hard game. It has mechanics, which need to learn. Like I had half of my oxygen in my suit and couldn't manage to get inside my ship since my brain is too short to find out how real physics working. While managing your base is fun and all other contintent, but to get fun you need to be smart here. :)I do not recommend this game to people, who wishes to get all continent in one day.I recommend this game to people, who has brain and are willing to invest time to understand game before grabbing it's offering continent.The games is fun. Also, it requires management skills or it will teach you how to manage ship/base."
76561198347346309,Recommended,588210,31444449,Posted: 29 April,all,bosnjak,hellion is really cool\
,Recommended,588210,30234283,Posted: 27 February,all,Sp3ctA,"Real Simulation In Space ! Hardcore Simulation, try to survive against space and vacuum.Dev are playinghttps://youtu.be/qBF9t1REwsA"
76561198149020672,Not Recommended,588210,30420106,Posted: 9 March,all,FatsoCatso,"The controls are fine, the concept is fine, it's in early access....we understand. My overall experience with this game is not very good IMO. There should be less ""impress me"" and more make sure the game works properly for the people who pay to play it and not just for your marketing team on video. My solution is don't charge people for an unfinished game and call it ""Alpha"" or ""beta"" or ""early access"" because by that time, the game should be functional i.e. fix the damn cursor issue so people can recharge their jet packs with O2 and nitrogen or acces the control panel on the door of the module outside of the base, or getting jettisoned into space through walls, can pull up helmut hud by pressing k, RCS stabalize doesnt work 100% when you press it etc."
,Recommended,588210,30161443,Posted: 25 February,all,N@dz *twitch.tv/tu_nadz,"So far i think its great, but difficult. We really need to have instructions/tutorials on how to do things."
34200224201688735,Not Recommended,588210,30305613,Posted: 3 March,all,tinyrick,it has good ideas but besides that the game really needs to be worked on
,Not Recommended,588210,30306463,Posted: 3 March,all,neil degrasse tyson,"it runs at like 10 fps, and gives me motion sickness."
,Recommended,588210,30219307,Posted: 27 February,all,Canadian_Bacon,"Great game.  You need to be a good paitent gamer, like me to play this game.  To the others, you bush league, and need to get on my level.  Enough said."
76561197996425405,Recommended,588210,30270817,Posted: 1 March,all,ChromeNewt,"This is the game we deserve *ONCE* the bugs get ironed out.6 hours, managing to tow my pod with a ship I found nearby using the grapple, scavenging from derelict ships and managing to get enough materials to go mining. Checked the engine status before setting off and the flip down screen forced me through the floor into space, while my pack was charging in the hold. Respawned and had no way to get back to my ship as I had no more space suits in the pod.10/10 will play again... in a few weeks time."
76561198114810034,Recommended,588210,30772442,Posted: 27 March,all,chickenwing9297,I really like it so far.  I wish it had solo play
76561197999197068,Recommended,588210,30448273,Posted: 11 March,all,plex,yes!!!!!
,Recommended,588210,33635356,Posted: 18 July,all,Donta,"Im already about 40 hours into this game and still learning all the quirks. If you're looking for realism, a decent roleplay environment, or a decent challenge, then this game is for you. Sure, it becomes tedious when you work to gather resources, modules, or explore when you have to cycle airlocks, open doors, replace parts, and keep your mind on managing your air, but it add to the realism of it all.The game is riddled with bugs, some may be game breaking, but a relog fixes most issues. Some even make you lose hours of work and have to start over again, so don't get attached to anything. A simple mistake can be devastating to your resources, such as opening a wrong door in an airlock and venting your entire base with no way to replace all that lost air.Its a game where skill is important. Merely moving around in the game takes skill and brainpower to manage inertia and keeping physics in your head, learn to know which direction you are actually moving to know how to oppose that direction to slow down with your RCS jets. The physics system in this game can be very frustrating, but once you learn it, it feels right.Just remember, this is early alpha. Very buggy, but the realism and immersion is worth it."
,Recommended,588210,31834998,Posted: 18 May,all,Exile,"not easy but rewarding when you get it right, each update has made it a little more easy to get things working right."
,Recommended,588210,34465435,Posted: 24 August,all,SilentStorm,This is a great game and I hope to see more updates soon with crafting and better ships. Theres no lag and its very realistic. Buy this game while its still in early access.
76561197972054027,Not Recommended,588210,30166618,Posted: 25 February,all,Spinewire,"I wanted to like this game...My main issues are the lack of infomation on the controls, peopel will say oh you just don't know what your doing blah blah... The fact of the matter is even when in the options most of buttons and controls arn't listed so working things out is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Hud constantly disappearing, really janky docking controls little to know information on how the game works or at the bare minimum a complete list of buttons and their functions make for a really poor game play experinace.I hope they sort it all out but combined with ther fact they went from 100 > 30 players so the game runs, It does not fill me with hope and suggest to me that this should have not been made avaliable for EA as soon as it was and will probabaly never me more than anything but a wasted concept.I requested a refund, i do hope they sort it all out as it's great idea and there are a lot of ncie touches in the game.It just needs to a) work and b) be more accessibleDon't dumb it down, but ♥♥♥♥... at least an image which lists all the comands in the game I mean ffs thats not much to ask for."
,Not Recommended,588210,30250998,Posted: 28 February,all,Simon1279™,"ARK has a solo modeConan Exiles has a solo modeAny survival game released after the year 2015 has a solo modeThis game has been released in 2017 and has no solo modeI had continuous disconnections from the servers and after a while massive lagMP only games soon or late will be full of Cheaters, Hackers and Griefers just because this is the true nature of MP gamesSo from me it is a NO this timeRefunded"
76561198041313047,Not Recommended,588210,30270201,Posted: 1 March,all,rozarack,"Do not buy this game in Early Access.  Unplayable server constantly crashes, constant disconnects, and severe lag issues even if you are on an official server that has a 30ms ping.  Game is unplayable at this time."
76561198041570774,Not Recommended,588210,32170819,Posted: 4 June,all,Mr.Dbaggy,"Little content, and very buggy you'd think after a few months since its releash it'd be more stable and have much more content and features well guess what it doesn't someone the devs make the game more unstable and buggy than its initial releash."
,Not Recommended,588210,31815324,Posted: 17 May,all,☪ClashingTears☪,How am I suppose to make a review If I can't even play the damn game with negative low fps rates.#THESTRUGGLEISVERYREAL
76561198042729231,Not Recommended,588210,32147289,Posted: 3 June,all,Sir Waffilington,"dont bother buying, you wont get to log in and even start it up due to a ""unable to log in, check steam account"" bug. no help anywhere ive looked online. as it stands ive played 0 hours of this game. piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,588210,30235670,Posted: 27 February,all,˻Kobato˺,"Refunded. It's just not ready.If you go outside your starting module, you better plan on not going back."
,Not Recommended,588210,30161871,Posted: 25 February,all,VectorMagnus,Lawd have mercy!  Dem controls tho!
76561198150224145,Not Recommended,588210,30905341,Posted: 2 April,all,Shagorath,"...Not optimized.with pc gamer i7 and Gfroce 1070, freeze, fall FPS.Bug with head moving.Many bugs.Mouse sensivity craps.Keys Bindding issue.Interest= ZERO NUL NADA...Survival vs environmment....ok, the concept is obsolet.I dont recommand this game, but you can take it, try for one hours and ask a refund after.Asked my refundScore: 2/10"
76561198149460208,Not Recommended,588210,30271540,Posted: 1 March,all,Asho,"well after all these hours i still cant dock the ship, and ive restarted at least 500 times now, wish i could get a refund. 0/10"
76561198064886574,Not Recommended,588210,30679679,Posted: 22 March,all,Toadkiller Dog,"This is more of a space station simulator then a game.graphics 8/10controls 2/10things to do 0/10pvp 0/10update history from devs 2/10My first 5 mins into the game and my character is unable to move and is floating/no clipping through a wall... Nothing is explained so i spent a lil while longer trying to figure things out and it was one of the flattest most boring game experiences I have ever had. I give this game 1 out of 10 over all and wouldn't say it is worth more then 1.50$. I really mean it. I have been trying all the new ""survival"" genre games and this one is really up there for being one of the worst."
76561198044661695,Not Recommended,588210,30380737,Posted: 7 March,all,CrazyEvilSoul,the games survival aspect is pretty much gone with all the bugs that f***s your entire life and lots of fps drops when near multiplayer peps gonna wait for my refound im not happy with bugion
,Not Recommended,588210,30411360,Posted: 9 March,all,Rouge,I think from a clean perspective that.1. i like the whole idea 2. it's fun getting sucked into space. 3.fun to simply put stuff in airlock and send it away....but...... That is just all the fun you can have..and im pretty much against the fact that you really need a server to play this-Most hosts are 12-most people are 12-my cat is 12-i dont own a cat-cant survive for 12.5 minutes without a helmet...-cant crash♥♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198015286540,Not Recommended,588210,30213142,Posted: 26 February,all,Captain Winky,"I normally don't bother to write reviews but this game is really terrible. First the game is NOTHING like the trailer/advertisement video! This game is also VERY tedious. There is no real action or anything of the sort (as shown in the trailer). Second, the game server kicks you every few minutes making you restart the game from scratch. I've spent the time ""played"" trying to simple get the game to work. This is the last unfinished game I'm going to risk my money on if I'm unable to get a refund for this garbage. Don't make the mistake I did: wait for this game to be finished/or skip it altogether!"
,Not Recommended,588210,30158298,Posted: 24 February,all,ChronusEros,Its unplayable at the moment but if it gets the kinks worked out it would be an amazing game
76561197991650386,Not Recommended,588210,31205556,Posted: 17 April,all,FireFly,"My very Personal feeling on this!Too hard for casuals like me .. Hardcore survival freaks  with alot of patience ( stupid Docking rly... stupid ""realistic"" physics all intended to be uncomfortable of course! ) i'd love the idea  of finding a way to survive n get the ship running n get more modules n go exploring!  but srlsy ... Oxygen . . . . i say no more... and as the devs say  thats how they intend the game to be .. so theres NO WAY i ever will enjoy this game even in beta or full state .. ! sorry . ..  then i stick to no mans sky and wait for Star Citizen . . ."
,Not Recommended,588210,31268594,Posted: 20 April,all,Iron,Terrible.....DONT GET IT PLEASEEEEE
,Not Recommended,588210,30234362,Posted: 27 February,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"Horrendous input lag; mouse smoothing that you cannot disable, horrendous controls, unbelievably buggy.They have the beginnings of a good game, but holy smokes is it nowhere near ready -- not even for EA."
76561198218682912,Recommended,588210,32162782,Posted: 3 June,all,shinrenji,I would like to use an controller to play it
,Not Recommended,588210,30206875,Posted: 26 February,all,Hawk,"Though it probably has quite a future ahead of it, the game just isn't worth it at the moment. You've woken up in a powered down piece of a space ship... Good luck. That's as much of a briefing as you get. Not even the simplest of tutorial to explain the keys, or how to turn the power on. The zero gravity controls are horendous, the oxygen supply in your eva suit is far too limited, the interface is cluncky, and bugs are everywhere!Wait for the developpers to actually turn this thing into something remotely playable before buying!"
76561197995788923,Not Recommended,588210,35167955,Posted: 23 September,all,Doomsday,"just mooving in this game, made me want to smash my keyboard while screaming - ""F#%ing Sh^t are you kidding me?""why turning is so slow, clunky, unresponsive?And thats with your character. I am not even talking about modules.also lag, and ... i dont know how to put it right... some console interfaces have this ... visual trail like video is being rendered on server, and sent to your PC as video feed, with slight lag."
76561198031583435,Not Recommended,588210,30421848,Posted: 9 March,all,PhantomX,"Ok, I do love this game, but there is alot wrong with this game that just kills it outright.First off if you enjoy playing a game with no instruction or little help this is the game for you.  I had to use more google searches than actually playing the game to even learn HOW to leave the module BECAUSE and normal person would be looking for the depressurize option for the door.  Ok I finally nearly kill myself opening a presurrized room and fly to the ship.  I see the pressuize console, but to my fun and death the mouse didnt function and I could interect with the console.  Apparently for the past week or so there is a bad bug where the mouse doesnt function while in console control.  So that is the first few moment of gameplay, I played more than that only because I sat down did research on HOW to fix the mouse bug (Most would have stopped there)After getting the mouse to work, I managed to dock and grapple the station and had no clue where to go from there.  Took me nearly 4 hours to learn to use the FTL and managed to warp to an astroid.  YOU GET NO IDEA OF WHAT RESOURCES ARE ON THE ROCK.  I went by Texture, thinking that might be a clue.... nope....  You have a big ship and a drill and it cannot tell you WHAT you are about to mine up and once you commit you commit.  Now for some fun how to unload the drill, looked in the F1 nothing there looked online again and found have to hold R.  Ok not a problem hold R and the guy THROWS the Canister into space and I HAVE TO CHASE it down to catch it.  Then you have to throw out the canister into space and select the drill to load the canister and the battery to the drill.Overall this game has promise, but due to them focusing more the visuals than the actual game the game is tanking.  A polished turd is still a turd.  Controls are messed up, game frequently fails to update consoles so they become useless and require a restart, UI bugs out and cannot do Inventory managment or worse your character keeps taking the helmet or jetpack off, poor UI implemettation/Information (Incorrect info), ANY MANY MANY MORE...I might come back to this game later, but as it stands I feel this going to be abandoned within a year.  I dont feel the devs care for the game, citing the bad mouse console for OVER A WEEK, and mainly looking for a quick buck.  If they'd focus more on the actual game than the graphics there might be something here and then focusing on polish.And, before I get the people going ""IT EARLY ACCESS"" it doesnt matter and ISNT AN EXCUSE FOR A PIECE OF JUNK GAME."
,Recommended,588210,31310270,Posted: 22 April,all,Joker,"I Really do NOT care about the Negative Reviews, This is like early Star Citizen meets Kerbal Space Program.If that concept does not grab you, and shake you into buying this game..Then your Not Supporting a New Good Game Developer!Shut Up and Take my Money!"
,Not Recommended,588210,30151313,Posted: 24 February,all,ToxicBlue,"Another unplayable release of what I think is supposed to be a game?If your going to release something for MONEY then it should work, at the very least.Good luck getting in. Even if you get past the server unreachable code your either going to be stuck in the pod or the game will lock up.Complete disgrace. I understand the fact its alpha or ""pre alpha"" which, by the way, there is no such thing as a ""pre-alpha"". I will be requesting a refund on this game because nothing I have tried has worked, and its definitely not an issue on my side."
76561198006732958,Not Recommended,588210,30151682,Posted: 24 February,all,SPASTIC :,already asked for A refund . too many bugs and issues . steam says I played for 70 minutes ... most of that was the game randomly freezing or crashing . so much goin on bugwise with this game it would take an hour to type .  my advice is to wait awhile on this game and see if it gets sorted .... unless you like paying to deal with basic crap that should have been sorted in A closed beta
76561198124102392,Not Recommended,588210,30253397,Posted: 28 February,all,Red Rogue,"Was a decent game, but has a lot of issues to fix first, like the servers for example (i know its early access). The game it's self has a good concept and  the actual gameplay is fun. It's just a little difficult for me, like the jet pack and intertia is harder than it looks to control, making it  extremly hard to have combat in space so dont expect a full blown pvp system when in space. The survival aspect is also overwhelmiong to keep track of, especially playing alone, maybe id understand it more if i played more, but it seems like it would be really rage inducing to keep track on your own.  Some videos on this game actually potray that it's way more efficent to have frineds, so i wouldnt suggest buying it unless you have a lot of time, patience, and a friend who owns the game as well.And if you do get the game, just a heads up because it took me a while to figure it out.""T"" is how you turn on the jetpack"
76561198040971935,Not Recommended,588210,30180680,Posted: 25 February,all,Fastest Ghost Alive,"I have tried to get into a server 3 times, and the game has crashed three times.  Also, in my case at least, the game process cannot be ended, even through the task manager.  This means in order to get back into the game (or any steam game for that matter) I need to restart my computer.I assume that this is going to be a temporary issue.  This game has a great concept and I think it will end up a great game at some point.  I would suggest waiting a month or two for some stabilization updates to come out before buying this game."
,Not Recommended,588210,30205631,Posted: 26 February,all,Evil Scotsman,"10 times I have restarted my campaign I guess partially due to server lag ships and space stations spaz out and spin around like crazy making it impossible to proceed.If this bug doesn't happen and I somehow manage to connect starting modules and get in ship, the console on the ship when piloting bugs out so I can't look down at the nav panel which so far I've been unable to resolve.This is as far as I've got in about 5 hours of gameplay.Early access but these basic bugs are making it impossible to proceed from the very first part of the game and should have been fixed before pre alpha release."
,Recommended,588210,30220099,Posted: 27 February,all,gunship27,just got the game and when i loaded it up i noticed its super super slow like slowmotion and its not my pc i dont get it cause i can play other games flawless at ultra settings
76561197989948938,Recommended,588210,31881009,Posted: 21 May,all,Carlos (cold),"I like the gamu, But i want to ask Brazilian Server!"
,Not Recommended,588210,30631076,Posted: 20 March,all,Xiupan,"Um, yeah. The controls are utter crap, and without a decent control system, everything takes 10x longer to do and is just frustrating. Just go buy Space Engineers and play that on Survival mode. It's way better.Maybe some day this game will be awesome, but it just isn't there yet."
,Not Recommended,588210,30391450,Posted: 8 March,all,TONY!,THIS GAME IS NOT READY FOR ALPHA! CURRENTLY NOT WORTH THE MONEY. ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO PLAY. i did have fun durring my time playing but its got so many bugs and issues i cant see how they dare to sell this as alpha. every 30 seconds i have a bug issue or i have to restart or it crashes or it freezes or i get jettasoned into outer space while just standing still in my ship doing nothing. PLAYING THIS GAME I AM SWEARING IN FRUSTRASION EVERY 10 SECONDS. WTF? SERIOUSLY WTF?thats 3 hours of my life ill never get back. since i cant return it ill just wait for at least 100 patches before i reinstall it.
,Not Recommended,588210,30581868,Posted: 17 March,all,rocket2guns,"Great concept, poor execution. This was the first game I have ever requested a refund for.PositivesVery difficult, but in a good way. You learn about what to do directly.EVA gives a sense of accomlishment and dangerVisuals are consistent and quite impressiveNegativesThe physics based nature of the game means items, even when the ship is stationary, clip through the floor.You can only put items into certain slots, meaning (given the above) you constantly lose important items such as helmets and suitsIt's not a PvP gameThe skybox is a good attempt to look beautiful, but you quickly notice it is pixelated in the game proper. This is especially apparent when you do the ""right click"" zoom in.The particle effects in space are very bad, distracting, and skip a lot. I think they would be better replaced with velocity indicators.ConclusionI think there are some fundimental design issues that I don't see being fixed, regardless of general bugfixing that happens. The inventory system is very bad. I honestly was fine with the sense of ""do what you want"" but give how impossible it is to interact with inventory items reliably, or manage things, there was really nothing you could do without moving your ship to something.Need to get a new suit for your friend? You would have to ferry the items, one at a time, in your hands - dropping them to interact with something else. This seems to me to be a big oversight."
76561198084066139,Not Recommended,588210,30300253,Posted: 3 March,all,maverickcaptain,Bugs.  Lag.  Bugs. Lag.  Crashes more than it runs
76561197979250407,Not Recommended,588210,31146759,Posted: 14 April,all,Zing,"If I had 1$ every time I encountered a bug during my brief stay in HELLION, I would be able to afford Acer Predator 21X."
76561197969838932,Not Recommended,588210,33232511,Posted: 4 July,all,samuraiBela,his program to stop interacting with Windows.Problem signature:Problem Event Name:	AppHangB1Application Name:	Hellion.exeApplication Version:	5.5.2.10711Application Timestamp:	58ad7726
,Not Recommended,588210,30178719,Posted: 25 February,all,ProfessorVi,Whatever that last update was just crashed the entire game. I load in then it crashed every time.I7 6700k1080 EVGA Founders Edition16GB Corsair RAM
,Not Recommended,588210,30194573,Posted: 26 February,all,fat loser,"It's the buggiest game ever released on Steam. You will crash in every menu, you will crash interacting with any object. You will be stuck, you will fall through walls. It's unplayable."
76561197981796554,Not Recommended,588210,33496442,Posted: 12 July,all,Proxy_J,"Could not get into the actual game, only the menus. Getting refund for now, will try again at a later time"
,Not Recommended,588210,30841227,Posted: 30 March,all,Ohyouwansome,If it was easier to dock an airlock this game would increasingly better. I've spent 3 hours trying to dock but still haven't gotten it docked I heard there was mining but i haven't gotten there yet and I don't think I will be playing this anymore because of the frustration factor so developers keep working on the late game but that is not what you need to fix. If you get the game all I can say is good luck.
,Not Recommended,588210,30153081,Posted: 24 February,all,MurderousGuineapig,"Extremely laggy and poorly optimized.The gameplay, however and the general premise are very good once you get going. The only problem being:The variety. Or lack thereof, there is only 1 variation of every gameplay important object (Starships being the most obvious)I cannot recommend this game in its current state, but after playing an hour and seeing all these bugs and glitches and the unreasonably poor framerate, i could've easily asked for my money back. I didn't. There's a reason this game is in early access, and i believe that with time and the efforts of this development team, this game will turn into something far better, more beautiful than what it actually is.So, once they add some variety, fix the bugs, fix th eglitches this will become a fantastic game. I am writing this review 5 hours after launch, so i can't really expect too much. The game is playable, if  extremely repetitive after you realize that the starship you found will always be spawned in that same place when you spawn, that once youve mastered the ship there are none left to use. The game has potential, and i am fairly excited to see how they will realize it.For now, pass.In a month or three... maybeEDIT:For the idiots that didnt read this completely, or just plain dont understand and say ""What'd you expect its a pre alpha""I KNOWIn fact its suprisingly good for a pre alpha. It is a good game. HOWEVER BEING A PRE ALPHA IT KINDA IS EXPECTED TO BE♥♥♥♥♥♥LIKE ANY PRE ALPHA, WHICH IS BUGGY AND UNFINISHEDWhat a pre alpha is if you dont know:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_release_life_cycle"
,Recommended,588210,30244070,Posted: 28 February,all,CryoTechnic,"Just one of those games that leaves you wow'd by it. However, I wouldn't recommend to any casual players (I don't mean this as an insult) I see far too many people rage quit in the chat because you have to be patient with the zero g in order to not go flying off into space"
,Recommended,588210,30155427,Posted: 24 February,all,"=The Gaming Engine= ""He's Dead""","This is a day of release review, Now thats out of the way, Hellion graphics arent bad. Hud is afull and piloting is the worst i'll update this as the game devoleps."
76561197995276326,Not Recommended,588210,30186262,Posted: 25 February,all,chomp,"Barely a tech demo, too many bugs and practically unplayable. I feel bad for my friend who gifted this to me and can't refund it because i tried to give this game a chance 20 minutes longer than he did. Pretty much spent 2 hours clipping through the ship/module and wasting oxygen/thruster. The other 2 were trying to get into a server or stuck loading.This shouldn't be for sale.Every time we give eastern european devs a chance and they end up screwing everyone over. When will we learn?Shame on whoever at Steam OK'd this for early access."
76561197998876942,Not Recommended,588210,30156321,Posted: 24 February,all,Kalaster,"Such a cool concept, survival in space!! Physics! Lots of Buttons! You can walk around your ship and repair parts! But like all space sims out there... IT HAS TO BE AN MMO!!!!! With death penalties of course! It's completely reasonable to lose everything when you die due to a bug in a barely playable early access game.yet again, another crappy hardcore survival mmo riddled with jerks. Just let me play by myself without having to lose everything. I'd go play No Man's Sky, but my anti virus has more content than that game ever will..."
76561198028210781,Not Recommended,588210,32099707,Posted: 31 May,all,Yeet Dumpster,"Overpriced, runs badly, and just isn't very fun."
,Not Recommended,588210,33851684,Posted: 28 July,all,Spkier,"I bought this game on its released and played 1 hour i got to connecting to main server and was unable to go to mainmenu so i was asked for a refund so i did.Now its 7/22/2017 i bought it for 3 days ago again i got to the main menu and server list and joined a server had so mutch stuff and so many mean asteroids and oxygen beeing infinity beacuse a bug i found..then guess what?i got the famous ""connecting to main server ..."" againnow i cannot connect to any server or get to hit that button play but HEY ATLEAST I GET TO THE MAIN MENU THIS TIME THATS AN IMPROVMENT?!"
76561198133963990,Not Recommended,588210,30168237,Posted: 25 February,all,Bedza,"Wasted 23€. Docking a module into your ship is really fkn hard. I tried 30 times to dock one module to my ship after this when i am not succesfull i need to suicide and start from the begin. That's how u do it if u fail on something, because ull die anyway. Docking is frustrating and it needs your own precision to make it and i had it already! I WAS RLY FKN CLOSE! Server started to lag everything was flippering couldnt make it to the end :|After 7.4 hours i am still at the begin so u know. I just tried to dock this♥♥♥♥♥♥to my ship! And ill try it for 8 more hours until i get it done!PS: If u are searching for cancer and u are not a patience Person this game will deliver u cancer immediatly same as it did to mePS2: Seems like i have to give up couse servers are lagging as ♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,588210,30161777,Posted: 25 February,all,L3M0N,Main server unreachable
,Not Recommended,588210,32837973,Posted: 26 June,all,[CT] OWNER Pride,The game crashes non stop horrible there is no turtorial you dont know what to do or any concept of what to do in the game and hours of crashing and forcing my computer to shut off for no reasson really pisses me off I just want my money back no game should make a computer shuts off while black screens keep poping up and cant see nothing....Got my refund bye HellionI have no issues running other games so yea money back please on this cause I dont want a broken game
76561198011948122,Not Recommended,588210,30152954,Posted: 24 February,all,Thane,Great looking game for the whole 5 min i could play it since the server was down in secounds.Wait on in and try down the road when it is even playable.
,Not Recommended,588210,30234083,Posted: 27 February,all,DarkMyth,"The game has potential but in it's current state I can't recommend.  There's a lot of bugs, no real tutorials or manuals.  Simple stuff like just mining become very hard task just syncing the ship to stay with the astoid is very difficult and should be simplified by being given an option to have the computer sync with an object.  Simple stuff like this needs an expert option for those who want to do it manually and a simpler computer guided option."
76561197974037538,Not Recommended,588210,30233245,Posted: 27 February,all,gnn,"Cannot make a review of a game that dies or my charactor ""Lara"" dies always after it just begins . Therefor sending email to support as seen in game fails to happen due to email cannot find your support email as valid.All servers disconnected or dies or just dissapears then somehow my ""Lara "" charactor appears on many other servers , then they dissapeared afterwards.So to be fair this alpha is not ready for prime time if it dies seconds after it opens. And having a super computer games developer workstation is odd to see a game i want to love distroyed on first date.The negative review is cuse by no working feeedback email posted does also Not work, very odd but true. So   Hell-I-On is this user unable to run a game that dies and one i am sure will be fixed because the talents of these people is very obvious at a lot of levels to get this door open for me to buy. So Waiting for Hellion to stop freezing screen, mouse, keyboard and game stutters was odd. But we all know why this is alpha World that we love."
76561198018970330,Not Recommended,588210,30656896,Posted: 21 March,all,WolfMax,"Hellion. The name says it all. ITS HELL!!I know its early access at the moment but I can't see the devs doing a complete about face when it comes to the way you get about. I mean, what gives with the Warp drive system? Why did they make it so damn complicated to set a destination and just go there. Why does it have to have acceleration and orbit and... I gave up trying to go anywhere as it was too confusing and just spoilt the whole expereance. Short range navigation is just as bad I could not get my stattion to show up on my list of things to select and I tried every key and button and help menu but nada.I appreceate the devs want to give you a steep learning curve and use real physics, i get that but the frustration level has far outweighed any enjoyment I was getting (docking the airlock module to my station was the only thing I took great satisfaction from). I will be watching the development with interest (i paid for it after all) but if they don't change the way you get about, I can't see me playing it ever. Sad"
,Not Recommended,588210,30650851,Posted: 21 March,all,top kek,"broken, unplayable, lack of content, seems like a good concept but its more like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ survival game combined with a tech demo. i cannot even refund now, i wasted my money..."
,Not Recommended,588210,30663594,Posted: 21 March,all,TheNandoShow,There is literally nothing to do in this game at the moment
76561198004328174,Not Recommended,588210,30189380,Posted: 26 February,all,Soda Pop,"A great concept, but thats all it is at the moment. Its absolute junk. This game needs work and lots of it. An early access game it is not, early access would be about 20 updates from now, check back in 2019, when it might be playable."
76561197970638103,Not Recommended,588210,30149251,Posted: 24 February,all,cHackz18,"Started it up, crashed to desktopstarted it up, server browser crashed,started it up, clicked on a server, had to type in a character name over and over,started it up, got into a game, realised the view was too sensitive, the sensistivity slider doesnt work,exited menu, walked out my pod, game completely froze and I had to reset my PC.gimme my money back - I'll come back when its stable."
,Not Recommended,588210,33477971,Posted: 12 July,all,Xenosia,"Couldn't even load into the game, pretty much tried every fix under the ♥♥♥♥ing sun. Nothing worked. Devs don't care. All I got was game intro sound, colours flashing from red to blue to white to black, then a mouse cursor, a small glimpse of text / screen cap of the game for 1/2 a second, then a black screen. Nothing fixes it, nothing works, this game is A grade ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and is a total waste of your time and money. A few ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s way in over their heads, unable to progress at a pace seemed plausible. I am seeking a refund tomorrow as I'm incredibly disappointed and let down that I cannot even get into the game in the first place."
,Not Recommended,588210,33207050,Posted: 3 July,all,D3M0N1X,"Maybe there is potential. But for now, it is beyond the normal levels of buggy, it lacks depth, and it feels like any of the ""realistic"" aspects of this game were pulled off very poorly.Ill probably check it out later, if it actually goes anywhere.Mind the updates."
,Not Recommended,588210,30243909,Posted: 28 February,all,KripTed,"Since some people seem to be upset about my last review. I guess i'll go more in depth about the game and why I gave it a negative review. So here we go, the game lacks alot of information for newcomers. The game lacks information in general. The ship is so hard to fly and so is docking. The game takes about 2 whole days to finally figure out how to do everything correctly. Which I felt was deliberately done to waste our refund time. The learning curve is really steep, so you're going to have to watch tutorial videos. Apparently the developers and the company can't be bothered to implement their own tutorial.The game is riddled with bugs that are to the point of game breaking. The game has no sense of direction and can be more stressful than fun. The standard warp times are ridiculously long, so the reality of it is. You jump somewhere 3 times, wait 40 minutes and there goes your refund time. The start menu UI is terribly done and needs to be reworked. The servers are broken and it can become really frustrating trying to join a server. You constantly get ""Server unreachable"" every 2 minutes. The desync issues are so bad, that everything in the game will spin uncontrollably. The interchangeable objects that are in your ship are neat, but it feels like it's useless at this point. It feels like it does nothing.The game is multiplayer but doesn't even have an anti-cheat. Right now in this games current state, it's not worth the current price tag. It appears as well that the community doesn't want to listen to other people's ideas and try to expand on the game, as well as make it better. The game is in Early Access and we all know what Early Access means. To me however, I feel this Early Access game is one of the worst that I played. I will change this review once the game shapes up better, once the developers learn to take constructive criticism and take people's ideas and opinions into account. There is potential I guess, but we're not quite there yet. The big question is how long will it take? How long will this game be in Early Access? Only time will tell I guess."
76561198038570877,Not Recommended,588210,30884773,Posted: 1 April,all,FirePhoenix,"Ok so I own 142 games, many of them are early access.   So anyone who feels the need please skip the whole ""its not finished bit"" .   This game is trash and nowhere ready for release even as early access.   This is the first and only game I have ever requested a refund on.  I like the idea but yeah this game is unplayable"
,Not Recommended,588210,30155754,Posted: 24 February,all,Saucy Wiggles,"Just don't. They already have a bad track record on keeping deadlines and this won't even be functional for a few months at the very least.- Steam Store launch date pushed back over a week- Early Access launch delayed a month- Trello Roadmap is ""coming"" but hasn't come yet, even though the Devs obviously have a pipeline- Let's Play #2 (a fifteen minute video without editing) delayed by six days, twitter account tweeted every day that they were working on it- Day 1 patch did not release, no mention of it despite tweets the night before saying it was coming before EA Launch.------------------------------------------------------------Already obvious this is going to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥show for people who aren't extremely patient. I am sure I will enjoy the game but most of you reading this are probably better off waiting."
,Not Recommended,588210,30186860,Posted: 25 February,all,SouthernSam,"Understanding its alpha, the space movement and docking is super buggy and has an EXTREME learning curve. Make it more intuituve and I might buy again but for now not worth it."
76561197991715129,Not Recommended,588210,32797743,Posted: 25 June,all,Tannim,"Game is very buggy.  I have a black screen upon entry.  If I quit, shut down steam, and restart, SOMETIMES I can see the game.I am running a skylake i7 WIN 10 machine with an Nvidia 980Ti and have the latest drivers.  If you have a similar machine, you might want to wait until they have identifed and fixed this bug."
76561198053240380,Not Recommended,588210,30158061,Posted: 24 February,all,8th_Rct_Jack,"i know its alpha, but, damn i cant even play, as soon as i spawn, crawl out of the tube thing, i die, instantly. thumbs down."
76561198380733421,Not Recommended,588210,31133100,Posted: 14 April,all,crazeyhead123,the game is to lagy
76561198016344391,Not Recommended,588210,30150154,Posted: 24 February,all,Puffin,wont work
,Not Recommended,588210,30561584,Posted: 16 March,all,lodavito,"Watched many videos on this game, very excited to try it. couldnt do anything because EVA is so slow and sluggish i would end up over compensating and flying half way accross space. Hoping Devs fix or tweak this because I really want to play this game."
76561198046673270,Not Recommended,588210,30196573,Posted: 26 February,all,SirCumference,This game is too early even for Early Access!
,Not Recommended,588210,30972419,Posted: 5 April,all,Bambi,Not worth the money
,Not Recommended,588210,35086543,Posted: 20 September,all,MakeNoBones,"i got this game and got a refund yes i may quit way to early but i couldnt play this in the state it was in,i was especting issues but not a good start for me."
76561197964398411,Not Recommended,588210,30223945,Posted: 27 February,all,ToeL,"Yet another early access game that was pushed into the market so developers could gleen the money needed to continue development. Zero Gravity developers should just state they are looking for investors and be honest the game is not ready. Wait a year, see if Hellion has evolved/adapted to survive before buying."
76561198176974838,Recommended,588210,32013563,Posted: 28 May,all,FIshy?Fuckoff,Its super cool.will terminate systems nowAASD ASDASDWasdfOOOoor!....
76561198209028268,Not Recommended,588210,30401241,Posted: 8 March,all,TeaBag,Well I've played for 7 hours still cant do the first task Docking hard as ---- so not sure if i would buy this if i had to do it again its to bad the game looks good  maybe down the road it  will get better but i think right now they need to tweek the docking aspect of it because if you can't pass the first thing to do there going to lose alot of good players. So no i dont recommend this game at this point
76561198027504906,Not Recommended,588210,30187247,Posted: 25 February,all,Oodin100,Game should not have been released in this state. Little to no tutorial. Jetpack mechanics are unstable and overall gameplay is ordinary at best
,Not Recommended,588210,30155843,Posted: 24 February,all,Thumplex Bumpitron,"This game is horrendous. As someone else said, it's like the developers never played it. I even got debug screens at one point.Let's see, what other problems are there. When you start, you pick a server. When you die, you are ejected from that server and have to come back through the main interface, which will ping all sorts of other servers before getting to the one you want to get back to.Calling a game with a max of 100 players an ""MMO"" is certainly misleading as well. I can't even find a worst part of this game, the controls are awful, you have no idea what to do.No, there is a worst part. When you enter a server, you can choose to spawn into an existing place, spawn in a new location, or continue. So I didn't have a lot of luck figuring out what the heck to do on a new location, so I figured I'd spawn into an existing one. Well, all the other players who had a similarly bad time would leave airlocks open accidentally (controls are AWFUL) and I'd spawn into a situation where I'd be dead as soon as I left the pod I spawned in. Just to be kicked back out to the main menu.When I did run across some other players, they just were frozen or appeared to be doing completely weird things. And they're all this weird white bald guy.Fully demanded a refund, this was near fraudulent and there's no way this should have seen the light of day this soon."
76561198088109131,Not Recommended,588210,31285323,Posted: 21 April,all,HellovaBirthmark,"I am a streamer onTwitch.tv/hellovabirthmark.  I've played hundreds of games in my lifetime.I had been following this game, and watched a multitude of videos on this game.  Everytime I saw a video about this game I had the feeling that I just had to have it.I finally made the plung, and bought the game.  After playing for 4 hours, and cussing my head off, I asked for my money back from Steam.Here's why:1)  NO TUTORIAL (You are on your own... Sink or Swim)2) Game is super-stuttering/choppy (I know it's still Alpha, but still horrible).  I had to restart several times, to get it stutter/choppy-free.3) Ship Navigation Control is the WORST EXPERIENCE EVER (Cussed the whole time, trying to figure it out).  The slightest thruster change would send me spinning out of control.  It MUST be more user friendly.4) Ship Navigation Control, to my knowledge, wouldn't allow you to lock onto an object/module, show up on your radar, so that you could use your thrusters to move ship towards that object.5) Not everyone has a joystick.  Game was not very Keyboard/Mouse friendly.NOTE:  The developers have a LONG WAY TO GO, before it becomes a hit (It is a promising game).  I will still keep an eye on this game.  Hopefully, they can bring me back, in the future, and make me a fan of the game."
76561198289349306,Recommended,588210,30538765,Posted: 16 March,all,Knight,"Great idea (it is still an idea, not a full game) but I quit on the following points:1, the no jet powered movement without gravity is brutal, I mean, really brutal. The side to side motion is fine, but the camera turning? It takes 2 hours. Literally. It's so hard. It might be intentional to get you to use jets, but still...2, the module docking. It is A, laggy as all heck which doesn't help, but B, it is far too hard. I think it has to do with the fact that I can't see where the hell I'm going, it's UI is terrible, and I can't navigate normally. That made me quit, I couldn't dock the first station, and I was like ""to hell with this"". It was too hard.Also a traditional squares RPG based inventory system would be better in my opinion, I don't like the circle thing, sorry. Otherwise, GREAT idea, give us more starting points, more backstories! One for smuggler, one for prisoner, one for soldier at a lonely outpost, whatever. If you're looking to make that type of game of course."
76561198086847955,Not Recommended,588210,30255693,Posted: 28 February,all,krieg_the_scarecrow,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,588210,30330679,Posted: 4 March,all,Philodendron-22,I totally hate this F^^^ing game and BUD and hold other kinds of crap that I hate about it
,Not Recommended,588210,30186748,Posted: 25 February,all,NightFragZ,"Let me start off by saying this DON'T BUY THIS GAME.You will not be able to play it because of lag, not computer lag server lag.lets face it the devs rushed it and they should not have therefor putting out a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
76561197991205646,Not Recommended,588210,30186292,Posted: 25 February,all,Regmanray,"No Tutorial, no way to know what the ♥♥♥♥ to do. go to another ship, low on oxygen by the time you get there to realise you have no parts to get this up and running, die, rinse and repeat/10/10 would uninstall and refund again"
76561198006445299,Not Recommended,588210,30156193,Posted: 24 February,all,ᎮᏒᎧᎷᎧ_ፚ,One more slow and time wasting game to add to the list .
,Not Recommended,588210,30480795,Posted: 12 March,all,SirMikeyLikesIt,"Want to spend hours trying to get somewhere only to have your game glitch and then you have to restart?Want to pull your hair out after spending $20 on an unplayable P.O.S. early alpha?Are you masochistic?Then you've found the game for you!This game is literally unplayable.  Yeah, people are having fun playing it and it's a great concept, but I can only invest so many hours into something just to have it take a giant dump on me repeatedly and have to start over...and start over....and start over....  There's so many glitches and bugs, and they are talking about adding content?I'll check back in a few months after I see my doctor to make sure I haven't had any health problems arise from stressing out over this game."
,Not Recommended,588210,30272810,Posted: 1 March,all,[C*O] Ulysses S. Grant,Dont recommend buying it crashes to much
76561198314707744,Not Recommended,588210,30277777,Posted: 2 March,all,Scoobs,Stick to star citizen. this is terrible
,Not Recommended,588210,30257876,Posted: 1 March,all,shade ><>,I played this game for 30 seconds and in that time I managed to fall through the ground and die 10/10
,Not Recommended,588210,30290067,Posted: 2 March,all,RQQST3R,"POD CTD simulator.Load into pod...mash 'F' key to interact for about 3 minutes, presumably to open pod.Crash to desktop.Reload, repeat.BEST POD SIMULATOR EVA!"
76561198047552820,Not Recommended,588210,30381072,Posted: 7 March,all,Fides,"First of all, it's not like I don't like the concept, I think it is a great concept and I like the videos, the music and the idea, but it's not even pre-alpha worthy and to charge money for a game that is so unplayable from the start feels like a con to me, perhaps it will get better and reach alpha, or perhaps it will die along the way, it feels more like the latter from the state of readiness when I played it.I watched all the videos I could before I bought the game, some of those who started before me, complained there was no manual, so the devs made a tutorial clip, great, except it was for a different version, which basically meant it was all but useless, and it should not take 45 minutes to power your ship and get the oxygen filters on etc....unfortunately it does.Even the dev who demo'd the game struggled to control space walking or moving, and they were careful not to focus on how jerky the movement was. When I played it I was on a fresh server, that had laggg, yup would you believe, I was the only one on the server with a ping of 20 UK server and I was lagging.To make it worse then 9 more players joined the server and it became a mixture between a lag and dc fest...So the tutorial that walks you through what to do points you to an access ladder, you end up falling through the ship and into space, fortunately I already had my suit on so that part wasn't too much of a worry, except that once I was out in space it was liike wading through treacle, ok I get the physics thing that it's difficult to move around in space, but that is why you have an eva suit, so that you can move around in space, perhaps their idea of an eva suit differed from mine, but seriously, 1 of 3 types of suits in the game and you cannot point and jet to an object it is utter luck if you end up on an object and then you have to jet against the object to push yourself along it. Push jetpack and you don't go in a straight line, it's not about rolling it's about not even being able to short burst and drift.Utter fail, spent about an hour in the game, tried reloading, new games, dc, etc. testing, but really...FAIL! Imo, and if you flame me bc I have an honest opinion that is different to yours, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,588210,30148411,Posted: 24 February,all,Kidmobius,"""private servers"" means going through a quantum crap load of cmd lines for a solo experience (no other people) or even a private friend experience. So until this is fixed to be streamlined i wont change my review and neither will my friends when they post their neg reviews"
76561198219429011,Not Recommended,588210,30458959,Posted: 11 March,all,darrengrayson40,"Dont bother buying this crappy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game, you cannot Dock i spent 9 ♥♥♥♥ing insane hours trying to dock it is ♥♥♥♥ing impossible, DO NOT BUY GAME UNLESS YOU ENJOY RAGE SMASHING YOUR COMPUTER, nobody is even playing it the game is complety dead waste of god dam money this should be free, I enjoy space games but this is god dam crap, DONT BOTHER WITH IT WANT MY MONEY BACK DAM SCAM."
76561198003028232,Not Recommended,588210,30289343,Posted: 2 March,all,Bailey,10/10 would refund again
76561197961251063,Not Recommended,588210,30153443,Posted: 24 February,all,Floxer,"How do i begin..The game does not explain anything to you. Like it or hate it.But keybindings are a different story...You want to know the keybind for raising your visor or activating your jet-pack? Go find out yourself as even the controlsettings arent listing them.And it continues on in gameplay.You want to know if you put the right part in the right place? Better click everything on the interface and see what happens. In case something bugged, tab out of the game and retry or wait for the game to crash.This game has more bugs than features at the moment. Some of them are gamebreaking (cannot open airlock, cannot refuel jetpack)I dont recommend this game."
76561197968019142,Not Recommended,588210,34838486,Posted: 9 September,all,Wraith,"Purchased as it's been out in early access for a while now so game breaking bugs should be resolved or have accesible workarounds available (and be noted on the store page).  Running Windows 10 Creators, graphics drivers up to date.  Launched game, can hear sound but you only see randomly changing coloured background and the mouse pointer.  Read up on the issue and apparently the devs have known about it for sometime blaming it on Windows 7 Direct X issue; not responding to Windows 10 users on how to resolve.7mins of colour changing background for £19.99, requested refund!"
76561197983659548,Not Recommended,588210,30151437,Posted: 24 February,all,Madmolar,"90 minutes in and I realised this wasn't actually fun because I was having to think about physics, relative motion, orbital mechanics... oh hold on, this was meant to be a fun space survival GAME. The maintaining of the ship systems was great and the premise of the game is great, but the insane difficulty of navigating and moving in space just killed it for me.Refunded. I'll come back in a month or two and see if things have changed to make this fun.If you like the minutia of life in space, go for it.If you want a fun space survival game, look elsewhere."
76561197965600883,Not Recommended,588210,30200851,Posted: 26 February,all,DodgerDog,"As of 2/25/2017 this game is unplayable. Many who buy it will likely accuse the developer of trying to salave a few bucks by abusing the Early Access program.Issues:constant server desync have to keep logging off and on every few minutescontrols are way, way, way too difficult to manageyou get high FPS but low responsiveness indicating terrible codingI really could go on and on, but I don't want to waste anymore time on this game. I won't be keeping it and waiting and seeing....anyone who'd release something, even for Early Access that is this bad, is not someone I want to be putting faith in or giving my money to. Refunding and moving on."
76561198093742549,Not Recommended,588210,30577978,Posted: 17 March,all,Capt James t Burk,I LOVE THIS GAME. i played it for a couple of hours and wow. then an update came and now i cant open an air lock. so i cant play it any more devs know about this but still no fix... cant play so cant give thumbs up..... fix it and i will change my review..
76561198093047638,Not Recommended,588210,35064473,Posted: 19 September,all,defuniakspringsks,"Once again, steam games total crap, I have the best gaming computer in the world, and it will not run, difficulty connecting to server, would not run, two games in two days, neither one of them worth the money, what a waste.  The people who design the store page, do great, sold me on it and I wanted to play, but nothing but problems, won't connect to server, would not run properly, i am technologically challenged and do not know how to describe the tech problems, but I wish I could,   game total crap!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198210812652,Not Recommended,588210,30208681,Posted: 26 February,all,Arkane Infinity,this game freezes on start up and has a purple srceen of death. do not download. I want me money back.
76561198050097598,Not Recommended,588210,30226448,Posted: 27 February,all,⎛⎝Alpha Overlord⎠⎞,"Not Worth getting currently. No tutorial, Not enough content, and Overpriced."
76561198007559786,Not Recommended,588210,30889591,Posted: 1 April,all,Loon,"The graphics are poor, the controls are all over the place/keyboard, the sound is very annoying and the game play is just boring- those are my dislikes.My likes are..........none.Update; After requesting a refund I was refused so my advice is give yourself a 01:45 deadline as Steam have a 2 hour limit.I managed to dock my module after around 8 hours trying and then docked the ship, the lag is game breaking even on a top end gaming laptop, fast broadband and an average ping of 28.Professional youtube gamers are reporting it is taking around 50 attempts to dock the modules and even then the game doesnt get any better.This is the first review I have written on Steam and it is to warn you not to waste your money."
76561197988144502,Not Recommended,588210,30280886,Posted: 2 March,all,FailureToReport,"Don't Buy This Pile Of Dog Crap.By the time you figure out how to even work the game (because you know, half the controls aren't in the ""Help"" screen that they pass off for a controls overview, your 2 hours to refund it will be up. Ok, no, it will probably take you about 30-40 minutes of tabbing in and out of the client and browsing Reddit to figure out all the controls, then it will take you another 30+ minutes of figuring out what the hell you are supposed to be doing, then once you finally google that too, you're already an hour in, but hey, you know what you should be doing now, so smooth sailing right? Nope, now you get to fight the controls, because they are absolute trash, and to multiply that equal or greater force, you also get to fight the absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥servers (they are all terrible unless there is 1-2 players on it) which means when you push for just the tiniest RCS correction, it goes shooting off like you just engaged your hyperdrive.Seriously, this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare. I'm sure it might be interested once they clean up some bugs (like opening a door that is a closed corridor that is depressurized and then shooting out across the universe anyways even though there was no atmo inside of it, or walking through the stupid as ♥♥♥♥ Ship vertical airlock to the horizontal airlock of your docking module which makes you fall on the floor 90% of the time, only to jiggle around like a worm and then get clipped through into the ventilation system which yo ucannot get out of.Between being forced to play on an empty server in an attempt to not have latency issues, and then dealing with all of these bugs and crap game design by yourself in your empty universe, you're going to lose your mind. F this game. F it in the A.Don't buy. I wish I had just given up trying to learn it in the first 2 hours instead of feeling like I needed to master this dogshit because ""it's the new hard survival game"". It isn't hard, the controls are garbage, it's ok to walk away, save your $25 and don't be a prideful idiot like me."
76561198169059329,Not Recommended,588210,33300025,Posted: 5 July,all,killerkurt55,not worth the money .
76561198152459700,Not Recommended,588210,30644584,Posted: 20 March,all,hgutsuzyan,nEVER EVER WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THAT STUPID GAME .... YOU ARE IN ♥♥♥♥ING SPACE CAN .... OMG WHO CREATE THAT GAME i WANT MY MONEY BACK
76561197995233728,Not Recommended,588210,30214055,Posted: 26 February,all,MyTriggerFingerHurts,"Bored, no, but seriously this game looks so dull. No fun, except maybe the masochist that like hurting themselves. I really hope SC doesn't end up like this. Please someone tell me, what's the point of living in this universe. Just to live, that's not a game. That's real life and I'll live it in the real world.﻿"
,Not Recommended,588210,30679919,Posted: 22 March,all,HighlyExplosive,game not good. no buy. not much many things do
,Not Recommended,588210,32782230,Posted: 25 June,all,!Fabulous Flair!,Not worth anyone's time. Another early access flop.
,Not Recommended,588210,33829302,Posted: 27 July,all,GODSPEEDSNAKE,"Game broken, doesn't work, piece of crap! Now to go get me refund!"
,Not Recommended,588210,34541332,Posted: 27 August,all,BradRapidTv,Eh.... No Mans SKy honestly is better then this
76561198150586804,Not Recommended,588210,34745970,Posted: 4 September,all,Fridge1996,this game is horrible. no fun what so ever
,Not Recommended,588210,30154563,Posted: 24 February,all,Ven,money grab do not buy
,Not Recommended,588210,30149274,Posted: 24 February,all,DJSalt,s h i t lol
,Not Recommended,588210,30149284,Posted: 24 February,all,Refined Gentlemen,♥♥♥♥♥lol
76561198007032206,Recommended,588210,30152733,Posted: 24 February,all,rangerzeroone,"Updated 3/7/17 Early Access ReviewUpdate 1.6 fixed the issues I had with gameplay and I have had the time to enjoy myself in the harsh reality of space. I now have the pleasure of updating my thumbs down to a thumbs up. Trying to survive is a challenging process in the game of Hellion; however, it is a very rewarding one. Currently you have the opportunity to build your base, mine for resources, and loot wrecks for spare parts that help you maintain your base and ship.There are still bugs that you would expect from an Early Access, like fuel in base modules disappearing, but the complex nature of how Hellion works I must say I am excited for challenge and to join in the discussion that will make this an awesome experience.Basic System stats:Windows 7Intel i7 4790K CPU@4.00 GHz16GB ram3 way SLI Nvidia 980’s"
,Recommended,588210,30234976,Posted: 27 February,all,StonedTanker,This is an updated review. I bought the game again for the second time after seeing some videos on YouTube of the new updates. It seems to be playable. I'll update this again later but I had to change the review since the game is now playable.
76561198111939405,Recommended,588210,30263276,Posted: 1 March,all,Ronnin79,"Ok time to change review. They fixed several things, so i menanged to dock module, dock ship, went out for mining asteroids, came back home etc... It was still buggy and i had to restart game few times, and i died once without apparent reason, but still, big improvement in just week or so...1. Asteroid mining is still not worth it, at least i spend more fuel, oxigen, nitrogen then i make mining.We Need some detailed tutorial or Space academy made by developers, because game is to complicated for someone that is not atronaut :)Keep doing good job guys, now is time to change from not recommend to Recommend!"
,Recommended,588210,30427004,Posted: 10 March,all,Floating Pickle,Game is quiet glitchy in it's current stat although it does have the potential to be a funominal game
76561197965028239,Recommended,588210,30417971,Posted: 9 March,all,Mac68,"It's buggy. It's difficult and frustrating. It's got a learning curve like the north face of the eiger. But it's certainly got a huge bucket of potential. I've been waiting for someone somewhere to do something like this. If this game goes all the way to a fully developed release, it could be THE space survival game.I wouldn't reccommed buying it at it's current price in it's current state if you are only curious. It is worth nowhere near the price of a full game. If you don't like repeated deaths and being stuck due to game breaking bugs, don't buy it either. Also don't buy it if you suffer from stress and/or anger issues....seriously.That being said, ignore all negative reviews from people with 2 or so hours play time claiming the game is incomplete and broken etc........it is. That's the whole bloody point of this release. Even the developers will admit to it's short comings in it's current state.It's quite simple. What you have here is a great premise, a fantastic setting, unique gameplay, huge potential and passion from the devs. If you want to support them in that, buy the game."
76561198071701437,Recommended,588210,30271261,Posted: 1 March,all,|TM| Grayski,"Let me begin by saying this: Hellion is by no means a complete game or even close to complete. The game is, however, being updated frequently and has tons of potential. The stuff in the game currently works very well (just run the game on fastest since optimizations is bad rn). Once I turned the graphics to fastest the game stopped glitching except for afew random crashes and occasionally the Nav system would lose all the orbits.I have spent my current 4 hours int he game learning how to simply fly the ship and get it running as well as using the jetpack effectively. The mechanics work well. The game is a challenge, and you really feel alone. I definitely recommend this game, if for nothing else, to support the Devs and to make sure they stick with this game. I want to see Hellion become something great.I have not yet gotten into a PVP fight yet, but I am waiting in anticipation.Current rating: 7.5/10 would open hatch and be ejected into space to die again"
76561198184281597,Recommended,588210,30349753,Posted: 5 March,all,icysteve46,"The game is great for a space sim no cutting any corners so expect to get nowhere and die a billion times getting there.I mean what were they thinking. Most people can't fly a kite, and their expected to manualy fly a module ( from a console on the outside) to another piece of station and get them together BEFORE you run out of O2 or fuel? I see youtubers docking 1st or 2nd try.  so that tells me that I suc at space sim module riding. But I see it like this  (')(.) ""It's the dawn of the 23rd century,"" I just spent a butt load of time as a popcicle, so that means their was an AI flying the ship, WHY can't that AI do all the stupid docking. NOBODY likes dying every 5 or 10 minuites.Now I'm sure this game has a lot of really cool stuff in it that appeals to me.But seriously you've made it too challenging right out the gate.I'm about to right this off as a waist of my money.03/18/2017Ok it's only fair that I follow up on this review, to give credit where credit is due.The Dev's just released an update and I have to say that on my list of bug's I was going to report, they have fixed the ones that seriously afected the game in a negative way. There are still a couple bugs that I can report and one that I'm not sure was a cause of the update or just didn't rear it's head at me before; either way they aren't that big of a deal which is probably way they didn't get around to them yet.So in a nutshell they have drastically fixed problems and gameplay is ....""Frigging Great"" I haven't died once in two days YET, but if I do it will most likely be my own damn fault.You guys must have worked around the clock to fix all these issues and I do appreciate it.I still can't dock but it's because I really suck at it. Thanks Dev's!!!"
,Recommended,588210,30381363,Posted: 7 March,all,Wrighty,"10 Hours Played:If you can't take VERY high levels of frustration then don't buy this game. Your first tasks involve piloting in 3D space using navigation GUI and controls that are far from adequate. The first few hours of this game are so difficult  so be prepared for a grind of a learning curve. You'll need all your powers of calm and perseverance..  I ♥♥♥♥ you not!30 Hours Played:Some of this gametime is in the 'spawn at a random station' scenario so I reckon 20-25 hours in and  I finally managed to dock the ship to the base. Slowly but surely you do get better but OMG what hard game initially, and I'm getting bouts of lag which makes things a bit harder.My thumbs down still stands but more of a warning as to what's coming your way if you decide to purchase. I'm warming to a thumbs up as time passes.90 Hours Played:Would now say that I'm pretty good at all aspects of this game. It is limited to what you can actually do but if this is early aplha then I'm looking forward to what has the potential to be an incredible game.Changing my recommendation to a thumbs up but going to leave all my previous comments as a heads up for what new players have to endure.The developers are listening and reacting so constant improvements happening."
,Recommended,588210,30323248,Posted: 4 March,all,Explicable,"Feels like a great game.  Basically star citizen: survival aha.  Not in a bad way though, in a great way.  has a ton of potential but its up to the devs to make it happen. The only major issue I have is the ship controls which are cancerous.  I imagine they will be changed tho as most people agree."
76561198011910203,Not Recommended,588210,30245741,Posted: 28 February,all,DregsOfEarth,"After two weeks, all of the servers are already dead because servers kept getting wiped daily. It had potential, but it sucks not being able to save your progress. They made a mistake by releasing early. Don't buy into the hyped-up reviews by people who've played only a few hours. No one is playing this."
,Recommended,588210,30173053,Posted: 25 February,all,Thieving Weasel,"Ok, game has been out for a little bit and I am going to do a new review for this that is short and to the point.Hellion is hard, it is definitely a hardcore survival game and a pretty hardcore physics simulation. That said, it is not a game for everybody, and if it isn't your type of game please don't sit around and whine at everyone that does enjoy it that the game should be easier.  There isn't much of a tutorial to tell you what to do, and the choices you make are entirely up to you.   Start building your station, getting backup equipment, mine to stock up on resources or go hunt other players to steal their stuff.This game is also in early access. Yes things are broken and it is not feature complete, I am not sure what people expect out of an early access game. The devs are very vocal and in touch with the community, treat it like an early access and start bug testing and giving input on where you would like to see development of the game to go, that is how these things work.Overall I really enjoy Hellion, despite the bugs and features that are not yet in the game, it is really enjoyable. This game challenges me.  I enjoy survival games and I have quite a few of them but Hellion is the one I enjoy the most and it is a refreshing new setting for the genre.  To me the game is well worth the $25 I have put into it and worth the wait I had to deal with since I first started seeing info about it. If you don't like early access games or you don't want to play a game that isnt yet feature complete, skip it for now.  If you want something really easy and does all the hard work like docking for you, go ahead and play something else... that is not what Hellion is."
,Recommended,588210,30464870,Posted: 11 March,all,Chance the Raper | skinhub.com,Amazing Game!
76561198093006184,Recommended,588210,30479606,Posted: 12 March,all,stewartbrian,"very good idea, needs time and love to get it right, looking forward to the finished game."
76561198047269460,Not Recommended,588210,30356976,Posted: 6 March,all,AnarkySWG,"See how it says 0.1 hours played? That's all I could get out of it.After both patches so far I can't even press ""F"" to get out of the cryotube.. nothing happens and eventually freezes and bombs out.Waiting patiently for a working game but at the moment, do not buy this it is just so unpolished, unfinished and in it's infancy it's worth coming back in 12 months and seeing if they managed to get anywhere with it."
76561198052378500,Recommended,588210,30644793,Posted: 20 March,all,Dixie,"I do like Hellion, its good fun that shouldn't be rushed, updates for this are coming out all along with fixes to bugs.Just dont expect an autodock or easy mode its not coming you need to survive not auto win.You will send the first few hours dying while you learn how things work this is fine."
,Recommended,588210,30299066,Posted: 3 March,all,edgy kid,they are going to add basketballsspace jam/10
76561198036246236,Recommended,588210,30810021,Posted: 29 March,all,illidanmadman,very fun game and i`am looking forward to playing it alot more. but i cant tell you how irritating and frustrating it is to have to restart because you bump the module or the ship and it goes flying off into space.  other than that its really fun even for alpha.
76561197979402731,Not Recommended,588210,30626130,Posted: 19 March,all,Zatio,"This is not a bad game, but it is a game for hard core gamers only.You start on a tiny space station, you are supposed to get it working again.You turn♥♥♥♥♥♥online, replace some parts if you can.Then you put on the space suit etc, go over to the ship to try and patch it up too.Now here comes the nightmare for me, trying to move the ship just does not end well for me.You try and go forward and it will spiral backwards etc as you try and move the ship.In the end i end up getting lost without understanding how to do anything.That is my current progress after almost six hours in game.How to fly which i will never understand is based on tiny movements that are super sensetive.When i first started hours ago, the first thing i did was get floated into space with my space suit on.I had no idea what to do or how to do anything, this happend several times until i asked some one about how the jetpack worked.T to activate the jetpack so that you can move, then i spaced my self many more times as i kept running out of air until some one told me X to open the helmet to save air.I also learned that V turns lights on and off on the suit, but i am pretty clueless on what to do with all the parts on the ship and space station.I have figured out where they go and to replace the parts needed, i have also figured out that you can turn things on and off at the consoles for power etc if you got enough required parts installed.But flying a ship is way over my head so with no way to move around i have decided to give up for now, this game is not bad at all, its pretty good but its way to hard core for my taste and so i will not recommend this.Nothing about most of the controls are explained anywhere, the guides are not very helpful either but there are videos that explains how to play but i never watched any of them so not sure how helpful they are.I will never be a pilot but hope to find people to play with so that i can catch a ride."
76561198134294245,Recommended,588210,30739605,Posted: 25 March,all,GreyFox2,"I absolutely LOVE the idea behind this game.  It combines a storyline and space survival.  The story provides a purpose and explanation of your circumstances.  As the story develops, it will also provide opportunites to explore and find answers which continue the storyline.  The survival part is excellent so far.  It is Early Access and has the bugs and missing pieces which you would (and should) expect from a game in alpha.  I really like the fact that I am able to provide feedback and the devs have been both helpful and informative."
,Recommended,588210,30722157,Posted: 25 March,all,20k,"The game suffered from a very buggy launch (and still has some major issues, but the devs are on it), combine this with complex game mechanics and its ripe for people giving it bad reviewsI've been surprised by how much I enjoyed this, so I'll run down some of the common complaints and my experience of them:1. Docking is very finicky initially. Humans are not good at internalising movement in systems with a delay in them. You get used to this eventually, and I can now dock fairly reliably and quickly. What took me an hour initially now takes 30 seconds tops. Top tip: Dock modules to the ship, not the ship to the module, modules are very mobile. You may also get a nice spacesuit out of your initial module2. There's no content. This is sort of true. PvP is most definitely in the game, although it relies on a bit of social engineering. You can send out distress beacons, pretend to be derelict, lie in wait, and machine gun people down, or turn up to other people's distress beacons and rob them blind. There are hacking tools to break into locked doors, vents you can use to 'sneak' into stations. There are a lot of interesting mechanics - you can steal people's rcs control from outside their ship, which means they can no longer fly, or hamper their power generation by stealing the controls to their solar panelsThe other aspect of the game is collecting modules and upgrading your home base. This doesn't... really *do* anything as such (some of the modules are functional), but its a nice goal. There's also weapons to find, upgrades to get (scanner/the better suit if you didn't get it initially), ammo, medkits, drills etc. It isn't as barren as some suggest, but there's definitely no well defined goal. Bring your own objective for the timebeing, but the sandbox is interesting enough to keep me playing3. Long warp times. Yes, if you warp between planets the warp times are high. This is a tad stupid, although apparently you can reduce this to 1/3 by spending more warp (I haven't investigated). Within a planet though, the warp times are 1-5 minutes, with shorter jumps being more common in my experience. There's plenty of modules, asteroids, and players to investigate within one planets sphere of influence (which includes moons, pro tip: if you can't find anything in the scanner go to a moon)4. The controls are a bit stupid. Particularly you, drill, why do I have to hold r to open a menu, scroll the mousewheel to select something, then release r to select it. Mouse controls please5. The ui. I really don't mind the ui, its actually less clunky than I thought it would be6. Bugs: I started playing post 0.1.8. I've only really experienced a handful of bugs. Most can be fixed by logging out an in, which takes 10-20 seconds (eg the fps drop on attaching a module). A few are more annoying that you have to watch out for and play around (sometimes items will get lost in an airlock if you leave them floating around and go out). There are reports of a mysterious bug affecting air supplies, I've seen it manifest when 3 objects are docked to each other, but given that this is a temporary situation I just temporarily disabled life support until I undocked7. Dev team is rubbish. I have no idea why people think this. They're putting out really decent patches, and making good adjustments on game balance to make the game significantly more fun (mining)If you like complex immersive detail oriented gameplay, you'll like this if you're willing to put up with a few bugs and a lack of directed goal"
76561198030038511,Recommended,588210,30662954,Posted: 21 March,all,Captain Glume,Hard as hell. Detailed and so much fun! The multiplayer is really fun and the game is only a month old. Looking foreward to each update that comes out. Keep up the great work Devs!
,Recommended,588210,30664289,Posted: 21 March,all,Counting Crow,"OK let me be clear, this is a mostly positive review, I have been playing it on and off since the first week it came out on steam, a few weeks now.  It is early alpha, Very Early Alpha. The space walk eng is beautiful, its a true skill builder to maneuver in zero g. Their are very little in the way of modals as yet really out side of connectors, only 4 + only one ship in game. That being said it has all the bugs of an early alpha from lag to disconnects, patting, to game lock ups and very limited features expect a lot of restarts at this stage. Now for the positive a Price that puts any other space sim to shame, potential to grow and a development team that by all yardsticks IS working on it, and seeking feed back form a growing community. looking for a ton of more content and interaction on the horizon. Another positive, I doubt it will be 5 years of development before we see the first elements of play-ability as we have some now that is yet to be seen in other development games years further along. A unnamed crowd funded game of the same type with a price tag per ship that leaves you feeling more than a little concerned for your investment. As yet I see this game with a ton of potential, place holders for future content are abundant, only time will tell if it's a diamond or another Rust abandoned over an overly ambitious developers going for a cash grab.  But I consider buying it shelving it until more content is available. In that way you get to fund a great games potential and get to warm up to what I am sure is a rising trend in the market of space survival sandbox games with a 5 star physic's eng. If you are tired of block building space games and don't have the time and budget to wait for years to see a playable game with like minded scope but want something now, this would be an out standing investment with a ton of potential and a solid physics engine..."
76561198004853509,Recommended,588210,30733586,Posted: 25 March,all,Cl4v0,"Please note that this is my first time recommending a game. Ever.But this game deserves so much more attention and positive reviews!I cant believe there isnt an enormous FTL speeding hype train travelling on the web for Hellion allready!its simply awesome! That is a real rough diamond we have here. I swear you will spend hours on this game.You WILL be mad at yourself. Almost banging your head on your desk yelling that you're a stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bonghole, that cracked under the pressure of trying to manually dock an airlock module to your space station from the outside, while starving on oxygen. Then when you finaly get it right with almost no RCS fuel left and you try to reach the airlock door to depressurise the damn thing... The veins in your eyes  start to burst and you cant see colours anymore...Then you open the door and all the air of your space station rushes out the door, shooting your dumb♥♥♥♥♥into space or smashes you on the airlock door... Yes its a friken nightmare... and YES you will die plenty of times trying to figure out the sweet mecanics of this game... But its also the beauty behind it all... its what keeps you trying and trying...Its hard but its worth it... And im not even talking about mining asteroids or just travelling in your spaceship here.. anyways... As all lame gym trainers say ; ''No pain, no gain.'' This game IS the space survival simulator everyone is looking for. Buy it!"
76561198374858748,Recommended,588210,30834552,Posted: 30 March,all,TheNomadMan,"This has the potential to become the space-game I've been dreaming about since the dawn of PC gaming. It's detail orientated with a simple interface; It's unforgiving, time-consuming, frustrating, and absolutely exhilarating. You will fail, you will die, you will cuss, and you will start over many times. But the game succeeds in instilling a desire to learn, to over-come, to master and explore. Hellion awaits..."
,Recommended,588210,30829743,Posted: 30 March,all,Punisher,"This game a so awesume yet auoer hard at first but, with patience and hard work this game becomes super easy."
76561198082016063,Recommended,588210,30845807,Posted: 30 March,all,W.Dobruck,Do you like wide open space exploration? Not trusting people?  Do you like dying a lot? Steep Learning Curve?  You found your match.
76561198062263329,Not Recommended,588210,30329601,Posted: 4 March,all,Dr GoodBudz,"I can't reccomend this game yet.I think the point is to fix up and expand the ship you start out on. But for the life of me I cant get one ship to dock with another. It's beyond not fun, it's pain. What ever my play hours are at right now is how long I've spent trying to dock one ship.Moving to or away from any object in this game is an absolute struggle. Any movement you make results in the inability to stop or correct yourself. If it's realistic, great. But it's frustration I've never felt from a game befor. All I ask is for a key that stops you. Thats it. I don't want the small correction I tried to make to end in me tumbling through space perpetually trying to correct my second mistake. Which was trying to correct my first mistake!If thats anyones idea of fun the're sick in the head. The game looks good, and seems like it will be fun when they work some of the bugs out. But it's just way to alpha right now."
76561198066149930,Recommended,588210,33276198,Posted: 5 July,all,BwD_Joker,Amazing game
76561198015270071,Recommended,588210,33344660,Posted: 7 July,all,Antiqwiz,"If hotfixes / updates / patches comes recent, this will be a very good space simulator!"
,Recommended,588210,33391629,Posted: 8 July,all,Jirou,The game has a lot of potential.  It's buggy and a bit of a steep learning curve but it's fun!
76561198004363806,Recommended,588210,30184046,Posted: 25 February,all,Yoyort,Shows a lot of promise as it steps to being an Early Access release.
,Not Recommended,588210,30157709,Posted: 24 February,all,SilentPuppyFart,"Game is interesting, but there are a ton of issues.  I'm not sure why companies keep releasing♥♥♥♥♥♥in ""alpha"" when it's really a too damn early beta test.  Premise is cool, controls is sluggish and painful, help menu is worthless as it only shows you the basic commands and not others.  No indication if they aren't implemented yet or what.  This would be fun to play, but as it stands, there isn't enough contextual info given to even start to really understand what you're supposed to do, or why somethings work and others don't.Releasing the game as they did will do nothing but harm it.  Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.I'm only recommending this because the basics are in there, and the play has promise, but little to no guides hurts hurts hurts.Edit: ok, after playing for a while.  No, just plain no.  This should not have been released as it is. ♥♥♥♥♥♥is broken left an right."
,Recommended,588210,30182861,Posted: 25 February,all,Blackbeard,"I love it. There are some bugs, but nothing serious or game breaking. I've died once due to a bug, but I get it, it's alpha, no problem. A very nice game and I highly recomend it! In it's current state you may not have a lot of things to do, or that could just be me as I only have discovered how to dock 1 module so far. other than that there are more things to do, but with no tutorials on how to do things it could  be a pain with troublshooting and trial and error."
,Recommended,588210,30182901,Posted: 25 February,all,Fingertip Phil,"So it's a bit glitchy - and you almost have to have a Phd in Astral Physics - but my god what a game! look past all the pre-alpha, de-sync and bugs, and this game is set to go further than KSP, and SE put together! I'm playing this on an i5 2200 with a 650ti graphics card, and it runs beautifully, textures are amazing, the look of everything is perfect.My advice - buy it - learn it - get all those little nuances in check - play it all.... desync - fall through the floor - glitch through the wall - get sucked out into space........but don't hate it - by the time it's in an almost perfect condition - you'll know how and what to do.....and you'll lose hours - maybe even days, exploring the galaxy.""We shall not cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time...."" - T.S Elliott"
76561197974626170,Recommended,588210,30182938,Posted: 25 February,all,bribase,"Despite the current game being limited in content, what's there is extremely deep and the overall project seems very promising.It's not for the feint hearted, one hasty decision can mean death or finding yourself unable to continue your progress, but that does much more for the game than against it. The sense of tension and feeling of accomplishment is all the more real, even for simple tasks like a mining run or a successful docking.There are still a lot of questions about what's in store for development. Whether they can keep the tension and excitement up when a player begins to sustain themselves in the game, what the story content will hold, how the PvP elements will shape up to be. Personally, I'm very excited to see a game which combines hard space sims like KSP and Rogue System, and PvP survival games like DayZ and Rust."
,Recommended,588210,30182974,Posted: 25 February,all,XandirStein,Hellion! A complex space sim that leaves you rode hard and put away wet. This is an EA title with a lot of great potential. Although the game leaves you with no clue what to do or how to. I've quite enjoyed myself thus far. I recommend this EA title to those who've enjoyed similar titles. (Space Engineers) (Star Citizen) This game is not for the faint of heart or lack of patients. No hand holding here children. You are left lost and alone in the dark to find your way out on your own... 10/10 would get sucked out into space by crew mates and die again.
,Recommended,588210,30183065,Posted: 25 February,all,RealityAskew,Really loving the potential this game has as a space simulator.  My only complaint is that they need a basic guide or tutorial that helps get you going.
,Recommended,588210,30183082,Posted: 25 February,all,Linkfish!,"I had a good run through with two mates of mine tonight and in short, YES, I recommend, but it needs A LOT of work.For a ""multiplater only"" game, the multiplayer sure as hell has some synching issues going on, which I am sure they'll iron out eventually.Good:- The game is visally stunning. Very nice!- Lots of little things to press and manage.- Space walking is HARD- Docking is EVEN HARDER (it took me 1 hour the first time and I had 15% thruster fuel left once I got docked!   This is a good thing, it shouldn't be easy).- Building content seems to be there mostly- It's very realisticCons:- Desync is the biggest issue on MP at the moment. I'll spend a separate moment on that below.- Although it's a cool idea to only be able to invite 1 friend in your starter pod , and having to find life support modules to increase this, we did not find a SINGLE life support module for the god knows how many hours we looked around different systems. Playing with 4 would be nicer. Our work around was me starting in my own little base, hitting the distress signal button and had my friends pick me up. This worked well.- Ships don't seem to need a lot of managing so far. Things do break, or decrease in quality, but you hardly need to pay any attention to it.- Low FPS. I've got everything switched to low / off and am getting 25 to 35 FPS at best most times. I'm on a ASUS OCII GTX 780. Not the best card in the world anymore, but still... not a mega bad one either. Being able to get 90/100 FPS on BF1 which is equally good looking if not better looking at high settings, yeah... needs some work :-)- The biggest issue was the netcode / desync. I'm not sure how the game works in terms of sectors etc, but we flew to a system in our ship (3 of us on the ship) , and we found another ship that appeared to belong to another player. Me and my friend boarded it, our pilot stayed. That's when trouble began. We totally became unsynched. We clipped through the ""enemy"" ship, as if it didn't exist. Upon trying to get back to our own ship, we couldn't get in anymore. Doors wouldn't open / UI would be unresponsive, my pilot appeared to sit on the pilot chair 100 meters outside of the ship, just total lag. So he left the system, and returned. This made him see me again, and I managed to enter his airlock, but still, I could not do anything. If I rebooted the game I'd always spawn in outer space. Also my oxygen wouldn't decrease, and if I took my helmet off I wouldn't die. It's like we joined the game and instantly desynced. I could still see my pilot and his ship flying around though! This happened to me, and the other player.All in all a great game, major potential here, and I mean major. I'll definitely keep an eye on this one. I'll probably host my own server though as I have a feeling that the official ones aren't doing that well at the moment.Most definitely recommended. Even if broken for now and needs tons of patching you're sure to get a good time out of this already."
76561197999494448,Recommended,588210,30164786,Posted: 25 February,all,Paratrooper82,"UPDATED REVIEW 26FEB2017.Ok wow! It took me three days to figure this game out, but now that I have, its amazing!! I suggest you play this with friends. Once you figure out how to get started and make it to your ship, you will be amazed by how detailed and beautiful this game can get!Tutorial video will be attached soon to the review, as I myself was lost for three days.+Stunning visuals+Amazing attention to detail+superb physics+smooth gameplay+great docking and flying mechanism+pretty scary in space--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So this is a little early review (considering the game was just released yesterday 24FEB2017).The graphics look really nice, the game seems it could be tons of fun, however I think I am a victim to the steep learning curve this game has.(a fresh start) I logged in and had no idea what to do, tried connecting and attaching multiple parts the ship needs and couldn't really get it to work. I ended up finding a little tunnel under the ship, but ended up getting lagged out into space and died.After that I tried to get into a ""once big outpost"", but some other player must have opened the doors to space, and everytime I left my cryo capsule I ended up dying before being able to close it.Then I tried joining another server, which did NOT work. Everytime I typed in my player name, and clicked ""confirm"", it kicked me back into the main menu.So witht that being said, I stopped playing this morning after about an hour, because it got frustrating. I will probably watch some ""how to"" youtube videos, and give it another try tonight. This game does not seem like a bad game at all, I think it is just hard to figure out at the beginning. With that, I will give this game a thumbs up, because it has tons of potential, and I want to see where this game is going."
76561197990037439,Recommended,588210,30164309,Posted: 25 February,all,TheDude1972,"Please ignore reviews that complain it's to hard, yes the game is extremely hard and this should be your main reason to purchase it. Handholding is NOT in this game.Devs have made it very clear that it's an extremely hard survival game and a lot of features are still missing as it's early access so it's even more difficult at this moment in time to just get started up with the basic systems.Current gameplay:You literally have to do everything yourself, think about what you're doing and plan ahead. Currently this means you need to keep an eye on your life support (and fix it first by exchanging defective parts), thruster fuel and power. The starting base doesn't even come with an airlock as this is the first module you have to find and attach to your starting base. Second stop will be getting into your ship and fixing that so you can dock it to your station or start scavaging for parts.The game is buggy like all EA titles but the devs are already busy with the patch (after they fixed initial server problems).Be warned however you need a decent PC to run this and FPS drops are still plenty to be found!!!So buy only if you like punishing yourself and dying a lot at first by bugs or just ""DOH"" moments.(restarting will probably be your only option in the beginning)"
76561197987667329,Recommended,588210,30168097,Posted: 25 February,all,DocSama,"I highly recommend this game. Currently we are Pre-Alpha. So there are bugs and honestly i haven't even been able to dock an air lock to my lifeboat because the game has crashed almost every time. In spite of this I am having a complete blast! Thank you Devs, for actually making the game hard!(for those who say the 0G movement is bad, you are all idiots, thats pretty darn real) You must learn how to orient yourself and not go too fast. but i will say that Left Shift is your FRIEND!!! Everything I have expirienced in the past few hours of playing is a blast!. Lets be honest other survival games gave you no tutorial as well. they were so hard many lost interest, keep playing, dieing and learning. This games is going to be on of the best of the year in my humble opinion.Over the coming weeks i will be going from a small Macbook Pro 13 running Windows 10 to a gaming beast (parts have been ordered) I cannot wait to start streaming and learning more about this game as the time goes on! Keep up the good work."
76561198314593819,Recommended,588210,30172659,Posted: 25 February,all,Floating Cucumber,i love it. u guys just need to fix the glitches. like really soon.
76561198053720260,Recommended,588210,30172896,Posted: 25 February,all,Rightouskill,"Is it worth buying? That answer is of course completely subjective, some will say no others yes. For me it's a resounding yes, I've been waiting for a space game that doesn't hold your hand and is legitimately difficult. Which in turn makes even doing something minor feel like a victory. From the orbital mechanics to Newtonian physics, sound design, and nice visuals this game has a lot going for it. Of course the game is early access which is basically the equivalent to Alpha. So there are definitely going to be bugs as well as content not yet implemented. If you can go in to the game knowing that then buy it and just enjoy it for what it is. Personally I can't see how it wouldn't be worth the money."
76561198111604134,Recommended,588210,30172905,Posted: 25 February,all,thane,Pretty interesting game. I will follow it! Great idea.
,Recommended,588210,30174000,Posted: 25 February,all,Danny,"Graphics: The graphics are actually pretty decent and offer a nice apeal to a space game. They are not amazing or eye watering amazing but they do not have to be and graphics do not make a game amazing.Audio: The audio is spot on from the door sounds to floating around and listening to things. Everything is really really nice with the audio side.I love the level of detail, you literally feel like you are in control of your ship, you are making it work and keeping it going, you have become an engineer and you must fix this. Seriously this game is a simulation so do not expect a jump in and arcade game because this is not it!In one word this game has amazing pottential!!!"
,Recommended,588210,30179961,Posted: 25 February,all,Dood,Play while you wait for star citzen!In all seriousness this is a pretty dynamic and good game it has it's glitchs and bugs but after the first day the devs were on it im really excited about this game.
,Recommended,588210,30175882,Posted: 25 February,all,Rios,"Incredibly difficult game. I LOVE IT. A guiding voice would perhaps owned by the ships computer could be really cool and help with understanding the mechanics of the game.Definitely worth it if you like survival games like Rust, 7dtd, The Forest, etc."
76561197993790751,Recommended,588210,30175111,Posted: 25 February,all,Wrecks,"This game has amazing potential! Gameplay when it works is so insanely fun and engaging, however there in lies the problem, ""when it works"". While I recommend this game only get it in its current state if your prepared to work around numerous bugs and be prepared to start over several times. If your not willing to put up with that I would hold off on getting this game until the developers patch the game a few times (which based on their pre-launch schedule) I dont think will take too long. I am having a blast playing this game!"
76561198001545898,Recommended,588210,30180416,Posted: 25 February,all,Lazirus,"So, had a short time with the game now, and havent progressed as far as others to be honest.  Thats fine though because i am loving the feel of this. The sounds are excellent, especially when you transition from vacuum to atmosphere.Graphics aren't going to blow you away but the attention to detail in how things work is first class.  Its been a while since i caught myself saying wow when you discover a new area or manage to get to another ship in eva.Its tricky to get the hang of but once you do it can be rewarding. Yes its buggy, yes some controls are not obvious and yes you will die a few times.So far most people ive played with have been very helpful, so if you get stuck just ask. Devs seem to be very responsive and i believe theres been a small patch already, so good stuff.If you like survival games like the long dark and 7 days and are a space fan then do yourself a favour and pick it up."
,Recommended,588210,30177040,Posted: 25 February,all,[TAW] LazyCakes,Interstellar Flashbacks!!
,Recommended,588210,30177276,Posted: 25 February,all,Moose,"I absolutley love games like Star Citizen (when it works), KSP, and Space Engineers so when this game came out I bought it as soon as I can. I've played a little under 3 hours and I absolutley love it. Its everything I could have asked for and I am sure there is so much more to come. It is hard but once you figure it out its a lot of fun."
76561198120824925,Recommended,588210,30176136,Posted: 25 February,all,jamestribe,"this game is alot of fun it i would give you a fair warning that it is quite buggy certain things dont work you can clip threw the airlock and wheen you open the game again the ship doesnt work properly, however when it does it is an absolute blast like other people have been saying the game has a hell of a lot of potential."
76561198311669210,Recommended,588210,30210155,Posted: 26 February,all,stuart_scott,"Hellion, how to describe this game?  Frustrating and rewarding all at the same time.  It's an alpha so expect bugs, to be honest I haven't run across that many but some.  Performance has been pretty good, but there are some issues - again alpha.  The first few hours felt like a space dying simulator, I died a lot but there was something that kept bringing me back.  The moment you dock the first module is unbelievable, then you die because you spent too long and ran out of air.  Hellion is not a casual game.  The controls work perfectly for a game with fully modeled orbital mechanics.  This is the key really, it's not easy and there is no tutorial or assistance but that's what makes it so great.  When you do something in Hellion, you did it with real skill.  The devs have done a great job, and that's why I was happy to pick this up on day 1.  I'm really looking forward to the content they have planned but what they have already is more than acceptable for the asking price.  If your looking for a challenging survival game I defiantly recommend it.  If your looking for a casual pick up and play, look somewhere else.  I love the game but your mileage may vary."
76561198092172638,Recommended,588210,30248612,Posted: 28 February,all,Gibz_n_Gravy,Alpha Review #1 4 hoursA unbelievable and unique space experience.So there I was in space. Like I had never been before. Not as a ship but as a human surviving by its intellect.I wont waste any time stating that this alpha is in an alpha state. Instead I will focus on what makes it unique and fun.1. An excellent sense of being there.2. Space survival not physical survival.3. Complete ships inside and out.4. Great mechanics for power and life support.I will update again after 15-20 hours.
,Recommended,588210,30200251,Posted: 26 February,all,xxplantjaysonxx,"Never have I felt so compelled to write a review of a game like this one. The game shows so much potential and has already achieved much more than other games of this type. The first time you load the game from a fresh start and have no idea what you are doing, it is amazing. The complexity of this game is unreal and the physics are to die for. This game is like a combination of kerbal space program and space engineers. Of course the game has a long way to go as far as bugs and UI go but this game is already breath taking for what it has done thus far."
,Recommended,588210,30151114,Posted: 24 February,all,Jackboi,"Bought it, Chose a server, woke up in a cryopod in a ship, Still don't know what im doing because lack of tutorial...... 10/10"
,Recommended,588210,30151189,Posted: 24 February,all,Spooky Derek,Cool game.
76561198061232367,Recommended,588210,30150803,Posted: 24 February,all,Lazyboy Gaming,"the best 2 hours of gameplay I ever have, I recommend this game to all players that love real space universe. its really hardcore in the start but its funny and going to like it when you starts to understand what you doing and have thing works. if you need someone to play with add me and I will help you to get started :)"
76561198141073405,Recommended,588210,30151055,Posted: 24 February,all,HeyYoOrange,Very nice game. Early access so be careful and accept bugs. This game has lots of potential and at the moment im enjoying it.
76561197975715076,Recommended,588210,30151875,Posted: 24 February,all,PhoenixRising,XD
76561197999317780,Recommended,588210,30166420,Posted: 25 February,all,JohnnyLegion,This game has amazing potential and I look forward to the progress as it moves forward.Six hours of mixed play attempts I had to put it down for now due to the alpha related issues.Docking needs to be rethought...the difficulty is near impossible for average folks and since it is one of the most intergral parts of the game I do not see how the average player would be able to handle it the way it currently is implemented at this moment in aplha.Choosing to spawn in a random location besides the new zone is currently broken. You will either lag out or spawn in a zone with no atmosphere and die in under five seconds.Server choices are excellent when they work. I couldnt figure out how to delete characters off of the server.You will make many many many characters...having to abandon a significant amount of them...I stoped after twenty or so.Everything else is outstanding.
76561198121105203,Recommended,588210,30174589,Posted: 25 February,all,sebby2175,"I'm a huge supporter of this game, its very unique and special to me already. This is not an easy game by far. Took me many many tries just to dock my ship to a module cause of the jerky conditions but i did it, The foundation is there, After we get rid of a million bugs and a more stable server it will be good times. I didn't expect it to be as fun as it was but I love it so much. Thanks to the Devs for all there hard work. Keep at it and this game will hit top charts."
76561198002377644,Recommended,588210,30253070,Posted: 28 February,all,FORE|)()()M,very VERY HIGH LEARNING CURVE JUST TO DOCK this is not a play game for kids and can get frusturating. This game is tough and i like it.....
76561198296873826,Recommended,588210,30231188,Posted: 27 February,all,Razogouhl,"This game looks great and i love the idea of it, but Devs, come on...whenever I try to log on I get stuck on the loading screen and it sounds like thats just where the issues start. I would love this game if you could just fix its bugs. I'll come back to it once you fix it, but for now im just going to watch the youtubers play it. (insert sad music)."
76561198002871170,Recommended,588210,30231943,Posted: 27 February,all,Wardawg,"It suffers from early access issues so don't buy it expecting a smooth, flawless gaming experience.  but if you take it for the alpha that it is then man oh man this game has some potential and with dev's as active as they are i can definitely see the potential coming to fruition in a timely manner.the game itself is difficult and it's supposed to be, you're stranded in space... staying alive is tricky.  the graphics are great, the audio keeps freaking me out when i have my headset on, i always think it's me breathing.  playing with a buddy is very helpful.  i'll be keeping a close eye on this one."
76561198092546109,Recommended,588210,30232820,Posted: 27 February,all,Jollyrodger22,so this game is very buggy but it shows promise if your ok with a bugs and server problems i would buy this game it shows a lot of potential
76561198021231320,Recommended,588210,30253654,Posted: 28 February,all,EvilNecroid,Its still early days with plenty of bugs but the devs r hard at work fixing them and sucking up our bug reports like a sponge but bugs aside this game is awesome!it really makes u feel like ur in space! u even get sucked out of an airlock if u dont depressurize it 1st :)
76561197969029786,Recommended,588210,30155940,Posted: 24 February,all,Chris,"I can now play the game after the first patch.  There is a steep learning curve, yet otherwise I really enjoy it."
,Recommended,588210,30153925,Posted: 24 February,all,3Minutes2Midnight,Really enjoying the game so far. Amazing graphics and the gameplay is something else. Really looking forward to what happens in future.
,Recommended,588210,30160765,Posted: 25 February,all,jam0ca,"Woah! I am shocked that the game has mixed reviews..For a game that is in Early Access, I feel that it is WELL made. I've had a ton of fun while playing it at launch, of course the controls are hard and to understand things also but still thats part of the immersion.I give this a game a big thumbs up, since its pre alpha and I do not regret buying it and playing it.If you want a mix of star citizen feeling and rust feeling, try hellion out. It will hopefully progress later on and will be even better.PS: The game runs pretty smoothly with a nice constant fps (Nvidia Geforce GTX 675MX)"
76561197997797664,Recommended,588210,30154607,Posted: 24 February,all,Bean Burrito,"Thisis Amazing for a pre-Alpha. It's a space sim, which I like. It's survival, which has me on the edge of my seat. It's realistic, which is difficult. It doesn't have any instructions, which is like minecraft."
,Recommended,588210,30151917,Posted: 24 February,all,BWheatley,This game is worth the time and the developers are putting in the TLC.
,Recommended,588210,30155145,Posted: 24 February,all,Cygany,"There is a bit of a learning curve, but then there is for most survival games.  Pressing F1 for help about keybinds and HUD is a must click when you first start.As this is Early Access, it has met my expectations for rough edges.  But playing, testing, and learning has been a challenging adventure thus far.Looking forward to playing this more with friends and foes."
,Recommended,588210,30155104,Posted: 24 February,all,Allyion,Welp ive spent 2.8 hours so far and am still playing. So while im here why dont i point out a few annoyances and issues (I love the game still)  1: I picked random station spawn and ran around the station for 10 min trying to piece together a eva suit... Ended up getting one but for some reason it could not equip a jetpack which made it nearly useless. Unfotunately that kept me stuck in the station. THe next time i spawned i also picked random outpost but someone has left the airlock open so i died instantly. Fresh start seems the only depandable spawn option but then again the flight controls are very confusing and there does not appear to be a tutorial. I dont even know how to open the nav computer yet. Oh well this game seems to be on the right path but has some major issues. Considering that this is the first day ill give it a upvote.TL;DR Just dont expect much from random spawn and look up controls.
76561197974943136,Recommended,588210,30154816,Posted: 24 February,all,Tabris,"As to be expected from a Early Access Alpha there are some bugs, nothing that can't be fixed with some TLC from the developers.It's best to play this game with a friend or two (provided you got enough Cryo-Chambers on your module to support more than 2).In short: I suggest buying it, play with a friend and help the devs find all the bugs so they can add more of the planned features."
,Recommended,588210,30152520,Posted: 24 February,all,greendra,"So far this game looks really good. The concept is great and it actually has few buys for an EA game, however it obviously lacks content. I'm really excited to see where this game ends up."
,Recommended,588210,30149243,Posted: 24 February,all,Parexy,This game is very confusing. Played it for 50 minutes and i still don't really know what to do. The graphics are good and the gameplay is advance. I like the game and i think it has potential. But i would personally wait a bit and see where this game is going or at least wait for it to be updated a bit more.
76561198017429731,Recommended,588210,30154361,Posted: 24 February,all,Qiwi'Lisolet,"Is Hellion an easy game? No. A basic understanding of physics is required. Is it fun? Hell yes! For those of you who want instant gratification, this isn't the game for you. For those of you who want to feel like you're accomplishing something huge? Give Hellion a try. It takes skill, effort, and is not for people that don't have skill, or are unwilling to put in real effort.It's early access and that means there are bugs, there is some lag, and there is a lack of a tutorial but that hasn't stopped me from enjoying it so far. I would certainly recommend it and will likely enjoy it more and more as additional content is added!"
,Recommended,588210,30155598,Posted: 24 February,all,Ebon Drake,I love this game. The orbital mechanics and RCS flight controls are perfect in my opinion. Exactly how I imagined they would be. Very similer to KSP with the stabilization turned off. So glad I picked this gem up at only $24.99!
76561198036949184,Recommended,588210,30218090,Posted: 27 February,all,Dagon_ZA,Great space simulator though it's an Early Access release so rather unoptimized and plagued with glitches. It has great potential though so keep an eye on it! I'll update my review in the near future.I do not recommend getting it now if you intend to have a smooth experience. If you can look past all that then join us in space!
,Recommended,588210,30272719,Posted: 1 March,all,DGNightwing95,"This game won't hold your hand very much, but the devs have started to add bits here and there to help you along. Zero-G movement is difficult at first but with some time you can start to get it down. Not much to do in game at the moment and I hope more is added at a pace that doesn't break the game. Played almost 10 hours now and I've just been having fun working with the ship and mining. The size of the map makes it difficult to find other players but being able to have a friend spawn with you is rather nice. Hope more people give this game the chance it deserves."
76561198049414077,Recommended,588210,30271377,Posted: 1 March,all,DrBMFT,"For what this game has, its amazing. The foundation of the game they have built is everything i ever dreamed of in a space survival sim. There isnt a whole lot playable, and what is is pretty buggy for me. What im amazed by is the details of every little thing. All the ports,  components, and pannels, it makes you really feel like youre trying to survive in space. I cant wait for more!! If you dont have the money to spend on the game though, dont buy it yet, but keep a close eye on updates and new features! If Zero Gravity really comes through for this game its going to be unbelievable!. PLEASE MAKE REGULAR UPDATES!. Im tired of waiting for star citizen, do this one right!"
,Recommended,588210,30212142,Posted: 26 February,all,Honcho,Probably one of the games with the steepest learning curve I have come across yet.More of a space simulator at this moment but with a huge potential.Definitely not a game for the casual player.For those who know EVE-online this is probably can be EVE-online come to live.
,Recommended,588210,30212188,Posted: 26 February,all,DeafGamma,"OK, this game is very early access which is good because it means that the devs can take more notice from the community and get some funding so that they can finnish the game.So if you are looking for a finnished game look somewhere else or wait a few months as there are a lot of bugs still in the game. But there seems to be a lot of respect for the community from the devs, ZERO GRAVITY know what people want from a space game.If you want an easy game, look somewhere else this game if never going to be easy due to the realism involved. There is a steep learning curve and this will undoubtably have the effect of keeping some more casually gamers away from this title.Given all of that I suggest that you buy the game and try it out, give some feedback and prepare to die on repeat."
76561198011421895,Recommended,588210,30210537,Posted: 26 February,all,Jumpman,"Just dont press the help button, there is no escaping its grasp"
,Recommended,588210,30362543,Posted: 6 March,all,Duke Argus Leadhead,"HELLION seems like a fresh new breath into the survival FPS kind of games.  It's unforgiving as even seemingly small mistakes can spell disaster for you.Currently, there are some major bugs in .15, but for the most part, I've figured out workaround/things to avoid to keep on playing.  The game IS in early access, so critical bugs are to be expected.  That being said, despite the bugs and flaws so far I'm really enjoying the game and the atmosphere it provides.I really see huge potential in HELLION, and if the developers can work out some of the major bugs, I feel it will definitely be one of the best FPS survival games yet.Given that it is an early access game, I can see how some people would be put off by it, but I think that's par for the course.If you want to help exterinate bugs and help the game become all it can be, buy it now.    If you want a polished product, I suggest keeping an eye on it until it's in a more complete state.I'd reccomend this game, even in its current iteration.  Just be aware that it is a product in active development and not even close to a finished product."
,Recommended,588210,30358530,Posted: 6 March,all,TrippinToad,Asteroid's hate u10/10
,Recommended,588210,30309002,Posted: 3 March,all,Stranger,"Very good game, has a ways to go before being fully fleshed, but being as it is about a week released in an early testing state. It has it's bugs but I've had more fun moments playing this game than getting frustrated because of a glitch."
76561198053234164,Recommended,588210,30324818,Posted: 4 March,all,Bifferd,"It has a pretty steep learning curve and you're going to die a lot, but man it's awesome.  It has its bugs and isn't feature rich/complete at this point, so please don't buy the game at this time if you're expecting a bug free experience or a ton of content.  This really is an alpha version, but I've had a lot of fun playing it so far. Can't wait to see where the devs take this game."
76561198040912184,Not Recommended,588210,30329526,Posted: 4 March,all,Nate,"One of the worst ""Survival Games"" that I have ever played. You have to spend hours getting Spacecrafts docked up with your own ship to actually do anything, and those Spacecrafts docking mechanizism are one of the worst that I have ever seen. They are so precise in their movements yet are insanely laggy, so you find yourself having to hit a key and waiting 5 seconds for it to respond. This results in you dieng many times trying to get these SpaceCrafts connected only to never actually do it because the game is so buggy.Keep in mind this is Early Access, but my god....If you want to pay $25 dollars to bug test and rage, go for it!"
76561198170397962,Recommended,588210,30329876,Posted: 4 March,all,Marshman,I really like the idea of the game but as far as it goes right now there are several bugs.1. When refeuling the ships RCS and it has completly ran out I can no longer thrust forward or back only in circles2. Some of the advanced suits I think EVA suits will glitch out in 2 ways . On the ship is one and the other it will kill you in space.3. I have played several hours and learned how to dock all my modules and ships but I have not yet been able to mine anything at all because of the ship.4. The targets system in the navigation is really not user friendly and is hard to get a handle onSo basically I really like this game and I understand there is alot of issues right now but I do think it was a little to early for a release just yet. There should have been a couple free weekends for everyone to play so the Devs could find out the major bugs and fix those before a final launch.Right now if you enjoy the act of 0g space then and dont mind dedicating so much to learning how to dock your ship and module then I would buy it now but if you do not like bugs and glitches i would wait until there are more fixes. I say to the Devs please work delingently and correct these problems and this will be a fantastic game. I look forward to futher patches and hope this game turns out as good as I hope it will be.
,Recommended,588210,30327145,Posted: 4 March,all,Darktalon,"Biggest advice to new players? Don't rush it.  First time I flew the ship I mashed the ""W"" key thinking I'd go from point A to point B in a jiffy like other space flight games.  NOPE!!  That derelict station I was flying to would zip off my screen like it was evading me!  WTF?!?  I was sooo frustrated!  Then I slowed down and took time to figure out the interface(and watched a couple youtube videos not gonna lie).  The reason I never could get to a station flying straight at it is because the objects in this game have orbital mechanics!   Okay that's pretty cool.  Once you figure out the flight controls it suddenly becomes a HUGE feeling of accomplishment when you succesfully get places.   Oh and the implementation of Match Velocity in the last patch was just a breath of fresh air...in space.Same with docking modules. DON'T. RUSH. IT.  Take it slow.  This game takes real time space physics and momentum to serious levels.  I've learned to tap the W,A,S,D keys rather then holding them down.That being said.  I recommend this game if you enjoy Early Access games and understand what it means to play Early Access games.Good luck surviors."
76561198015149298,Recommended,588210,30327165,Posted: 4 March,all,Mysticwolve,hellion is a so so game... at first you will be clueless on what to do in a small station .. but when you figure out the basic's an step out in to space... you better glue your hair to your head after riping it out after as many docking fails you will do ... this game should of came with a controller feature due to the micro touching when trying to stear the pods or ships to the station..me it took me abut 6 hours to manage the controlls of stearing a pod back to the station.. now i'm on stearing the little spaceship back to base..... but 15$ is not a bad price for a open world ship.. no load screans when going from ship to ship
76561198104742921,Recommended,588210,30328165,Posted: 4 March,all,Knuckles,Gave me vertigo
76561198066297874,Recommended,588210,30332894,Posted: 5 March,all,Golden Wombat,"Early Access reviewIt is very early in the Alpha stages can be slightly buggy but well worth the money, great game with a steep learning curve.Will add more once I have had a good in depth look at this game."
76561198268184270,Recommended,588210,30323240,Posted: 4 March,all,[🅱idR] Nova,"this game is the most realistic space simulator that i have played in my life, heres why:has neutonian gravity plysicsOrbital mechanicsSeamless transitionPersistent universeRealistic scale solar systemRealistic sound propagationaaand a lot more that im too lazy to listto see more fearures , well heres a link:https://www.playhellion.com/features"
76561198013652444,Recommended,588210,30319249,Posted: 4 March,all,Sabot,"Worth every penny. They've been consistently releasing patches and fixes which is a great sign for early acess. There are plenty of things to do and stay busy. The nuetonian physics may be frustrating at first but it teaches you the lesson of how unforgiving space is, you'll get used to it. Shadows are big no no to my semi-decent amd setup so if your airlock causes massiv frame drop try lowering the shaddow quality and distance down.My biggest gripe is the uncertainty of Trackir Support. Being as realistic as the game is already, TrackIr would make the game incredibly immersive and allow us simulator guys to exploit the full potential of space flight.Either way for the price, what the hell ya complaining about? Great job guys."
76561197968251573,Recommended,588210,30321549,Posted: 4 March,all,ArtVandelay,"For an early access game, it's an excellent buy lots to do and with the exception of bouncing off into space once while mining it's been very stable.Already has more content and things to do that Star Citizen. This is a very promising game."
76561198049172730,Recommended,588210,30358041,Posted: 6 March,all,brushpig,Awesome game
76561197988167389,Recommended,588210,30306550,Posted: 3 March,all,SnyperKill,"Has a lot of bugs, but its also Pre-Alpha, which means there are more bugs then grains of sand on earth in it. But it is so damn fun to play, and the Devs are really doing a great job at fixing what everyone is finding. Great game, and as the DEV's continue to fix the bugs, the game just continues to get even better!!"
76561198222575292,Recommended,588210,30306804,Posted: 3 March,all,Capacis,Very Good Game! Also I Love Flying Out My Airlock.
,Recommended,588210,30661447,Posted: 21 March,all,METH_LEOPARD,there is no safe space in space
,Recommended,588210,30177194,Posted: 25 February,all,Lokiman101,"With the recent patch the interfaces are much more accessible and understandable.  The devs are also great at keeping in touch with the community, this game is playable now with minimal bugs so far.  That being said this game is definitely headed in the right track and I can now recommend this game.  All the problems as stated before are either in a work in progress of being fixed, or have already been worked on to satisfaction.  The game is definitely evolving in the right direction, and it's actually quite fun to play now.  The lag still exists, but even that is evening out to a much more enjoyable experience.  The best thing this game has got going for it atm is not only the challenge, but the community as well.  The recent patch and the future that the devs have mapped out is proof that the game is going to be a good one.  Once I was able to get used to space walking, I could use it to my advantage now.  Docking is much better with the new interface, there's a lot of information that you get to use to help you make the transition between space and docking more convenient.  The challenge is still there, and I can't wait for the future."
76561198098473112,Recommended,588210,31485822,Posted: 1 May,all,TheMajesticOwly,"Invite a friend, watch him get sucked out of an airlock into space with no jet pack.Bye Bye.Most fun ive had in a while."
,Recommended,588210,31481972,Posted: 1 May,all,Neb_967,"This game at its core and conceptually is brilliant but with flawed execution, at least so far. It is an incredibly unforgiving and tough game with pits you as a survivor of a failed colonisation attempt in outer space. It is basically a survival space game with elements of dayz and star citizen but with its own unique style which I really like. I feel so alone out there in space.I think that the biggest problems are just to do with execution of the core gameplay concepts aka bugs basically. The devs seems to ironing those out bit by bit over time so hopefully that continues.Overall though I have found my initial few hours to be really enjoyable even though the game is repetitive it does a great job of creating tension. Im trying to dock my airlock with my main station module but Im running out of oxygen and fuel at the same time. Getting used to the Newtonian physics to guide your space craft is tough but sooooo rewarding when you pull off docking. After a few tries you get the hang of the game.I think for the price its actually worth it if you are a fan of science fiction type games and want to try that theme in a survival space setting. It does the job really really well."
76561197966105913,Recommended,588210,30174431,Posted: 25 February,all,Revixy,"Brilliant space game, that is an absolute joy to goof around in.Now keep in mind that this is PRE-Alpha which obviously means it comes with bugs and content that has yet to be implimented, such as controls that has yet to be customizable and the like.So to those of you who are manual junkies who love to customize and familiarize yourselves with the controls of a game before playing, then this game is not for you as of yet.Keep up the great work, Zero Gravity.On a side note, this game isn't exactly an ""mmo"" as of right now.But if they're aiming for it to have as few regional servers as possible for the full release, I could see that working.Video added below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt5FRJ5SI_0&t=28s"
,Recommended,588210,30364894,Posted: 6 March,all,ruffleswilliams,"I enjoy the fact that you guys are listening to the people, the navigation panel works AWSOME. NO MORE LAG. NO MORE LAG. NO MORE LAG. great achievement, however, what im not happy about is still the space elevators. You guys update the physics, okay not a problem to get used to, but it breaks the space elevators and makes you noclip into space. then you guys wait till 3 updates later when your like Oh Sh*t the elevator broke. You fix it. Then the next day you update the physics, and it breaks again. It is a never ending cycle. Im afraid it will stay broken."
,Recommended,588210,34095971,Posted: 7 August,all,81studios,I both love and hate this game! Game is a word that is used too lightly on hellion. this feels more like a space simulator than maybe elite or star citizen ever would or could be. You will die...a lot! which is ok because they wipe the server every month now until they have a solid release. Now is the time to dip your toes in and experiment with it..Though that will probably lead to death!If you are looking for something like star citizen then put your wallet back away. This game is NOTHING LIKE STAR CITIZEN!!Just because it looks like it a little does not mean it plays like it. Hellion is trying to replicate actual space travel through scientific theory. Which is all right for me and if you are looking for something deeper and richer than elite or star citizen this game is definitely getting there. As long as the devs stick around and keep doing the job they are doing right now it will be a wonderful experience. Right now its good and i look forward to seeing what comes next!
