user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970323706,Recommended,588650,32182932,Posted: 4 June,all,chespace,"This is the game that pulled me away from Hearthstone and Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Absolutely gorgeous and genius, even in its early state. Yes, you'll die a lot, but it never feels like a big deal. The point of the game is in the moment to moment combat anyway -- and the fact that you're rewarded for each run in a slow permanent progression means you never feel cheated. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,588650,32296801,Posted: 9 June,all,bullex,"Dead Cells is a game that I would describe as a mix of Castlevania, Dark Souls and most of the rogue-lites out there. You take control over a ninja-like character and your goal is to get through a bunch of randomly generated levels and defeat evil (I suppose, I'm yet to finish the game myself :P and keep in mind that it's the EARLY ACCESS game and that there's like a year of development to come which will fill story gaps and bring a ton of new items and mechanics)Now this game is a masterpiece in my opinion, and here's why:1) levels - randomly generated levels make the adventure fresh every time you play. Not only that, but there are alternate paths to be taken (pretty cleverly locked behind certain 'skillchecks') and you're not destined to commit to one of them! It's this 'interweave' sort of a deal, where you can go hard path for one level and then hop back to normal path in the next. To put it more simply - in each level you have pretty much 3 entrances to the next level, it's entirely up to you which one you'll choose. And it's not only one enviroment. You fight in the castle, sewers, harbor-esk town, graveyard... And every level is different. In one you go up, in other you drop down, others are just flat, long distances to traverse. Everything designed to be easy to traverse but difficult to leave unscathed2) weapons/skills - you start the run with 2 weapons - sword and bow/shield. You can find random gear during the run of course and what's cool is that there's never a 'right' answer to what to use. You have to be flexible and think about your loadout, because one random weapon/skill drop can flip your playstyle inside out. And I like that weapons have weight attached to them. for example, when you swing the big, massive sword or hammer, it has a significant delay in attack (but much better damage of course). There's tons of other weapons with different quirks. Some inflict bleed/poison, some crit while backstabbing, some crit when enemy is near the wall, some get bonus damage against frozen targets, etc - the variety is stunningskills - 2 slots, things to crowd control / augment your weapons. Magnetic grenades to keep enemies in place, meat grinders to bleed them, turrets, bear traps, etc, all with additional benefits / synergies. Again, stunning variety already3) movement - this has to be one of the most precise and enjoyable to traverse games available. Super tight controls (at least with x360 pad), dash move, double jump - full control! You even have dropjump which can hurt the enemies, but it's one of those moves that you love videogames for, because it's just fun to use randomly :) You know what I'm saying? :P Sometimes you just jump around to use it, it's so fun :)4) builds - there's no 'right' build in this game. You can upgrade strenght and go full sword damage, you can upgrade health and create regen build, you can make skills only build, you can do something stupid like whip that brings enemies closer to you and then your secondary kick that pushes them away :) Again, everything depends on the stuff that you find on the way. Adapt or die, that's the name of the game :P5) presentation - graphics, music, sound effects - everything's gorgeous, period :P6) difficulty - this is a difficult game. It's because of the combination of randomly generated enemies and dungeons, loadout and skill upgrades, precision in platforming, patterns recognition and ability to fight a bunch of the enemies at the same time. Which brings me to pretty much my only pet peeve with this game:No post hit invincibility - it's a deliberate design decision, but certain enemies in this game can hit you multiple times in a very short period of time. It makes the game much more deadly to the player and sometimes it gives you literally no chance to recuperate. But that's ninja's life I suppose. Be precise or die :POverall, this game is a gem in the genre and it's already great despite being in early stages of development.9/10"
,Recommended,588650,32730412,Posted: 24 June,all,Fox 🦊,"This is truly one of those ""okay, one more try and I'll sleep"" game. Then soon you will realize the sun already started rise."
,Recommended,588650,32051791,Posted: 29 May,all,McPingu,"Dead Cells is a 2D sidescrolling action platformer. And it's a good one at that.It draws heavy inspiration from titles such as the Dark Souls series or BloodBorne, and during your gameplay you'll notice mechanics such as the Estus flask, the Bloodborne combat heals, or a roll with invincibility frames shaping up combat.The controls feel good and are fully rebindable, attacks are satisfying to land and the enemies have tells that stand out enough that taking damage doesn't feel cheap. There's a lot of platforming involving, and the map is full of secrets and loot. The jumping and climbing around itself feels generous, less challenging than it seems to be at first glance, as in you will make jumps you think you wouldn't be able to.I like the graphic and sound design, as  well as the general themes and setting. There is not a lot of variation when it comes to enemies, tho, but I would expect more to be added.To finish up there are some rogue-lite mechanics implemented, too, as you can unlock items from run to run and other upgrades, and the map itself is somewhat procedurally generated or something.Anyhow, I think Dead Cells can end up becoming a great title, only depending on where the developer team decides to take it from where it is now, but the foundation's there and it's solid, if only missing some content, and maybe some invincibility frames when you get hit so you're not boxed."
,Recommended,588650,32875460,Posted: 27 June,all,Aeshma,"Addictive gameplay, fast combat and a lot of items for different builds. I don't usually buy early access games but this one has decent content."
76561198091471359,Recommended,588650,31679287,Posted: 11 May,all,Mutinous Slave,It's almost 5 am.  This game ruined my entire day.  It came out like 16 hours ago and I have 14 hours of gameplay so if that isn't convincing enough then don't buy it.  I wasn't waiting on it to launch either I just saw it and picked it up.Must put it down.  Sleep.  Work.  Human things.
76561198014258077,Recommended,588650,32128154,Posted: 2 June,all,OddJuniper,"This game is so great that I'm writing my first, and probably only Steam review ever to recommend it. Go buy this game, it's amazing."
,Recommended,588650,32652715,Posted: 22 June,all,ToFat4Fun,"I love it.Fluent and polished combat, cool sounds and the levels all have their ownrespected aspects. The enemies in this game are ok balance wise IMO. Only thing I'd suggest ismaking the first boss harder as he feels too easy as it is right now. Cursed chests don't feel rewarding enough, maybe give them cursed chest exclusive items like weapons or buffs? Finally the time door mechanic is a great idea, but the execution is a bit poor, you run the door once for a blueprint then there is not much use going for it again and again.+ good looking game+ fluent combat+ what I expected from a roguelike+ cool areas and variety of enemies- The Incomplete One feels too simple- Time doors are not rewarding enough to keep doing them- Cursed chests rewards need a rework see comments aboveoverall awesome game I'd recommend you atleast try it, just don't forget to eat and sleep ;^)"
,Recommended,588650,32642417,Posted: 22 June,all,Slunks,"Stop looking for reasons why not to buy this game. That's what I did, and it starved me off from purchasing this lovely game for almost a month. Additionally, I typically stay away from early access. I really regret it now.It's a very satisfying -feeling- game in two different ways.1).This game has a very Symphony of the Night-level tightness to it's controls.  It's incredible. As you start unlocking stuff and having good runs, you can feel powerful and very stylish. Or if you have an unlucky run, you can still pull out some good results by being dexterous and smart with your movement. The controls allow for this flexibility. It's great.2). The progression feels good and scratches that itch of experimenting with new items as you unlock them. It's that ""A-ha!"" feeling I had in the early days of Isaac, when you first discovered items that worked really well together. At first I stayed away from the Bear Trap and Meat Grinder or Turret, but later I really appreciated how much of a safer run they were producing. Or if I have a lot of points into strength (weapon damage), then going ice/stun grenade will allow me to get in to slice and dice more efficiently.You could write a pretty lengthy guide on different play styles and weapon combos. But what's cool is that in the beginning, you get what you get. You get forced a few times to play out of your comfortable zone, but you might fall in love with other weapons. Additionally, the weapons have sub-effects that are randomized each time. So you might get some REALLY good sub-effects on a weapon you don't know much about, but then you might have a weapon you are familiar about but with average sub-effects. Making that decision is tough because it you're thinking, ""What's going to take me the furthest?"" You're going to run into these decisions fairly often. After 20+ hours I'm still making these decisions, which keeps each run relatively fresh.I see complaints about the length of runs. I'd consider this on the long side of roguelites. Maybe one of the longer ones. I have runs that go towards 1hr/30m. But I personally don't mind this. There are breaks in between levels, which you can stop at and come back to later. The length, for me, makes for a better story of ""that run"" and isn't short and forgettable. I don't see this game working at a 30m-45m run. Those reviewing the game negative over that fact I don't really understand. ""I LOVE this game. The graphics, gameplay, controls, are amazing. But I hate having to play it so long so thumbs down.""So stop reading this and just grab it. It's fantastic. It's insanely polished and doesn't feel anything close to early access. The devs are releasing meaningful updates that include new weapons, enemies, among other small additions. I hear levels might be coming soon? What percentage of early access devs actually give you legit new content? Probably less than 1-2%?Go have fun."
,Recommended,588650,31760581,Posted: 14 May,all,Anna,"This game is an absolute blast, combining rogue-like elements, with challenging combat and awesome aesthetics.The combat is super fluid, and it took me about 16 hours to finish my first game. There's a learning curve in terms of items, levels, monsters etc. And upon release in Early access, this is only supposed to be 40-50% of the total game. This is already crazy good value!Are there cons? Sure, since the game is procedurally generated, after playing this game for ~29 hours there are certain patterns that I can recognize. Sometimes the levels just aren't as good as your previous run, but then you can just start over again. Because of the way the levels are generated you also never really loop around which can be really cool in a MetroidVania game, which is something I do miss.At the moment of writing the game has just released in Early access, and there are certainly features that I'd love to see in the final product (Achievements, more upgrades, more bosses, more monsters to fight etc) but for its current price it's absolutely worth it already. I can't wait to see what more updates will come along!So hell yea, I will totally recommend this game to anyone. The combat is super fun, the music, the aesthetics are amazing. Gameplay is fast paced, and has optional challenges in it as well to make it even more compelling to me.An absolute blast!"
76561198012943366,Recommended,588650,33596393,Posted: 16 July,all,liberalSpaceship,"I am a Filthy Casual (tm) who plays games like Mass Effect and Fallout 4 on easy and still die over and over. I got my ""you died"" achievement in Dark Souls 2 before the tutorial and stopped playing after like forty minutes with zero qualms. I have rage quit every single platformer game I have ever touched, and just sort of despise brutally hard things that feel like chores.Basically, I am not exactly sure why I decided to buy Dead Cells in the first place. Sure, I love the look and one of the few platformers I've ever 100%'d was Super Metroid (with a LOT of swearing and rage quitting), so 'Metroidvania' is an appealing term to me, but it is still inherently marketed as a game that is not for me, or people like me.This game is hard. I have 11 hours on it and I can't get past the third area on any given path. I die for stupid reasons and lose all my stuff and... I don't care. I haven't rage quit once; in fact, I have to force myself away from the game after a death so I can do things like eat. I find the combat engaging and entertaining, the progression satisfying and there's something really solid about being forced to start from square one (ish) every single time, in a way I've just never experienced.So, sure, buy this if you love hard games/Dark Souls/no checkpoint kind of games. Absolutely, I'm pretty sure you've alreeady heard this is likely to be up your alley.But even if you're a dirty rotten casual gamer who button smashes in any game approaching action, and panics when the screen flashes red around the edges... give it a try if you get the opportunity. It is seriously fun."
,Recommended,588650,34375857,Posted: 20 August,all,Horo,This game makes you look cool infront of yourself
,Not Recommended,588650,31712875,Posted: 12 May,all,SolarFlar3,"This game has really satisfying combat, but its loop isn't well structured, and it makes getting to what you want to do a chore after you've played for awhile. Everybody else has talked about the good for this game, so I'll just talk about the bad though the things they say are good actually are pretty good.The metroid element of this game is pretty bad. In most game like this, the upgrades you get that are keys also have functionality outside of opening up new areas such as double jump, or ground pound (both of which exist in this game but aren't keys that you have to collect). Instead the keys in this game are features that are locked to certain areas of the map that don't do anything except at those specific points. It isn't particularly interesting to unlock them because the game wouldn't change in any way if the little seeds that you turn into vines, or the sarcophogus that lets you teleport just let you do that from the beginning. It's map features that are already generated that are arbitrarily locked until you get some runes. It doesn't really take away from the game, but it was a letdown that the only real metroid element is so uninteresting. If the keys actually were the double jump or the ground pound, or the ledge grab that would be a lot better because that feels so much more natural.Combat is really good until something goes wrong because there are a couple cool systems that don't work well together. The game doesn't give you invulnerability frames but still gives you a knockback timer. The game is designed so that enemies do a ton of damage, but you can recover most of the lost health back if you attack enemies quickly enough. What this means in practice is that if there are 2 enemies that are both able to attack you, and one of them gets an attack off, you are very likely dead at any of the level 4's or higher because 2 enemy attacks is enough to kill you if you didn't get lucky with health upgrades, which actually leads to the another point......the in game upgrade system makes a lot of the game feel like a chore. If I'm trying to get past the graveyard, but the butcher guy pulled me in and launched me into spikes to kill me from full health, I wouldn't be so salty if it didn't take like 30 minutes to get to that point despite being pretty certain I won't die before then. However, because you restart with none of your upgrades, you still have to explore all of the nooks and crannies up until that point because otherwise you will go there underfarmed. I just want to get past the graveyard, I don't want to explore the entire 4 levels leading up to it just to get there still underfarmed. I'm down with starting from the beginning, but lets make the health and melee and ability upgrades either permanent or consistent. Sometimes I'll get to the graveyard with 3-4 health upgrades, and sometimes I get there with 7. I would like a nice even 5-5-5 rather than 3-4-2 which sometimes happens with bad luck. I think it would be cool if the upgrades were permanent and they were hidden across all of the levels, but I would also be okay with a little consistency in the number of upgrades available across different runs. Alternatively, I would be happy if you had invulnerability frames while you were on your knockback timer. I've played a lot of proc-gen games, and in none of them do runs end as anticlimatically as they do in this game. Oops, you were hit once, hit twice, dead. 35 minutes and 40 cells gone. Better hope you get more than 2 health upgrades next run so that your 4 remaining health potions will actually serve a purposeA lot of the other problems come because of unrealized potential in game design. The metroid elements are disappointing, but in a game where there are so many paths to the same goal, yould think that the paths might be differentiated in something other than enemy types and art. Wouldn't it be cool if when you went to the old sewer you were guarenteed to get sticky shoes that prevented you from getting knock backed? Or if you chose to go to the ramparts, you obtained a battering ram that could break down any door that would normally require a pressure plate. If the different paths you took actually gave the game an overall different feel, then the boring runes that currently exist would be more justified because they would give you access to the thing that actually did make the game interesting. Different levels should have different gear, traps, and run-length passives in addition to the different enemies that they currently do have. Maybe the toxic sewer has a chance that it will be filing up with toxin the whole time your in it, and so you have to quickly make your way to the top to get out of the level, but your reward is a gas mask that makes you immune to poison for the rest of the run. Nothing exist likes that currently, the entire game is exclusively satisfying combat.Anyway, the game has good combat, but it has way too much room for improvement for me to recommend it. I love these kinds of games, so I'll update my review as it gets better. I dont need new enemy, weapon, or spell types for awhile, I want a more well-designed and interesting game loop."
,Recommended,588650,34117366,Posted: 8 August,all,adunn,"I haven't been very far past the first boss and have played 8 hours.  I suck as a gamer, I know.,  But for me to not get frustrated or upset... it's probably because I feel myself getting better and there is geniune progress you can make with each and every playthrough, even if you only have 20 minutes.10/10... would have my body descecrated again"
,Recommended,588650,32202933,Posted: 5 June,all,Plutie Cutie,Friendship with spelunky endedNow dead cells is my best friend
,Recommended,588650,33147411,Posted: 2 July,all,Goose,"Game is very difficult in my opinion but overall an amazing game, and would recommend you buy this while its on sale and for such a great price. Devs have been talking about releasing more content in the future that may or may not cause the price to raise. I also feel that this would be a great Online Multiplayer game, but I am aware that doesn't just happen over night and is fairly expensive in the long run. However, I will be playing this either way and can't wait to see this community grow!"
76561197968700286,Recommended,588650,33143962,Posted: 2 July,all,Rjzeab,The best from Castlevania / Dark Souls / Rogue Legacy meet up for a 3-way and created this sweet sweet baby of a game DEAD CELLS!
,Recommended,588650,34462129,Posted: 24 August,all,HellFire4gZ,"Get this right now. Seriously. Its golden.The game can easily boast on hard difficulty. Unforgiving for even a single mistake in a bad position can lead to death.However it isnt unfair hard. Its finely tuned hard. Theres no death that feels cheap, since everything you do is entirely up to you. You cant complain about getting 1 hit killed in the ossuary if you go there from the Prison, it was your choice and you took the risk. Its not the game's fault if you got cursed and you died, it was yours for taking the choice of opening that cursed object.The game has an impressive variety of weapons and active skills, like swords, shields, spears, whips, bows, throwing knives, grenades, traps, and a lot more. Each and every one of them having their unique attack pattern and speed, making you learn how to use each weapon you pick up, and letting you have a broad ammount of approaches to a certain enemy. Maybe stunning it or rooting it in place, or hell, maybe even burning it to death is a better approach than last time.You also have the option to get HP potions with you that you can refill in every location, and with the addition of some specific weapons like the Frantic Sword, you have to choose between playing a high performance-high reward -50% HP run, or keep your health topped off to be ready for the fight. This makes certain choices of weapons turn your playstyle into a completely different one, which adds a ton of life and viability to the game, making the constant Kill-Die-Repeat process not get boring at all.The ammount of different zones and paths you can take in the game is gigantic, in the first zone of the game you can take a branching path to 3 different zones in the game. Each zone, having it specific enviroment and exclusive enemies, some of which that can give you special blueprints to unlock gear with. The ambiance and the music are amazing, and the controls are incredibly responsive. it wins the Buttery Smooth award.I got my money's worth with this game, and you will too."
,Recommended,588650,31690978,Posted: 11 May,all,Marked One,"This game is easily one of the best Metroid-Vania type games I have played. I thought Hollow Knight was going to top my chart for the genre in 2017, but with Dead Cells, that has been beaten. This game feels remarkably good to play with a controller. I've never quite seen a game so responsive that can make you feel like such a total bad♥♥♥♥♥one moment, to getting wrecked because you slipped up. The way the game is set up is also beautifully done, and I have to say being afraid of the words ""Rogue-Like"" & ""Rogue-Lite"", this game has nailed it without losing any of the in depth details that random generation usually lose. The entire world changes when you die, making each play through a completely new feeling of exploration with secrets to find.This is what I'd imagine if Ninja Gaiden, Dark Souls, & Castlevania game together and said lets make a kick♥♥♥♥♥side scoller. Every single level is challenging, and will make you sit on the edge of you're seat as you fumble with your controller trying to not slip up for a single second trying to dodge and parry. The platforming is also quality, jumping from cliff to cliff and avoid hazards never felt cumbersome, and any mistakes I made were becasue of me and not the controls. All doing this while listening to a very good soundtrack that will have you feeling the game and moving with it. The graphics suit the game perfectly, and don't have that stereotypical ""retro"" look, it feels quite fresh and unique in my opinion. If this is kind of quality is early access for the developers, I sincerely cannot wait to see the finished product.Please note this is a extremely fast paced game, when I compare it to Ninja Gaiden, you should automatically understand the struggle of those games. Extremely quick reaction time and a controller are heavily recommended."
,Recommended,588650,31905238,Posted: 22 May,all,D4rkcowg0d,"Extremely polished game right at the start of Early Access... definitely worth the money, even this early in its development.PROS:- Combat is fast and impactful. Rewards skill.- Clearly telegraphed attacks on enemies means taking damage / dying is 99% of the time YOUR fault and not some random BS one shots (only complaint are the grappling hook dudes' reaction times & animations are quite fast.)- Because of point above, dying isn't a big deal. It feels warranted and even necessary at times.- Progression is smooth and very rewarding; the pick-ups for stats (hp, melee dmg, skills) scale logrithmically, meaning they are more impactful early and diminish once you have a decent amount (3 to 4 for a given stat.)- Full-clearing and speed-running thru levels are equally as viable; timed gates that lock permanently if not reached in time provide an extra boost for the lack of supplies speed runners will naturally have.- Variety is done well and each weapon / skill feels different enough from the others to warrant choice.CONS:-DISCLAIMER-The game has yet to have its first update and I imagine many of these points will be addressed soon.- Speaking of variety, many weapons (shields and bows...) feel strictly inferior to others because of their dmg, animation speed, attack speed, etc. The best weapons / skills (rapier, knife storm, death orb, elec whip, to name a few) have amazing dmg potential while also leaving tons of room for player mobility thru low / absent animation speeds.- Some obvious balance issues (I understand bleed dmg is being tweaked in the next update), mostly bleeds and specifically Knife Storm. Shields feel useless when dodge-rolling exists, minus the ""mega-roll"" from the Assault Shield (roll and block with shield simultaneously to basically double the roll distance in the same timeframe of reg roll.)- Specifically with balance, off-hand or secondary weapons are pretty much ""stat sticks"" past the first couple of zones (+1 hp, dmg, skills are the only things relevant.) I'd like to seem some unique benefits to each weapon archetype (like a passive) added, mainly to bows and shields, to give an extra ""oomph"" without needing specific rolls.Overall, highly recommend this game and am looking forward to updates!"
,Recommended,588650,32869142,Posted: 27 June,all,Blaze of Eternity,"If you like games like Dark Souls and Hyper Light Drifter, you will have a blast playing this."
,Recommended,588650,32100484,Posted: 31 May,all,Bakadrone,"Instant visceral fun.  Tight combat and a difficulty that is punishing without feeling unfair.  Seriously though, this is the first platformer I've picked up in a long time that I can say I didn't feel cheated by the jumping puzzles or the hazards. Each death was a clearcut example of me overcommitting to an attack pattern or going a little too ham on the jumping.  And that's with me playing on keyboard and mouse which I've been told is hard mode.Cons : If you're even slightly above average at platformers, the amount of content at the moment might feel a little short.  But if you buy a game in beta, you should expect it already."
76561197989929468,Recommended,588650,31760929,Posted: 14 May,all,craze,"In the first brief moments of this game (playing with a controller) I noticed that it controls just smoothly enough to react properly to enemy attacks, dodging projectiles, and platforming to an extent. Combat is very fun, balanced, and looks like its pretty well thought out.Pros:Smooth animationPretty pixel artCombat is engaging and funLight new game+ items that allow different secrets or paths to be found in early levelsCons:Lack of enemy variety. (I'd imagine there is more to come soon c: )Platforming is a bit jittery, sometimes even when you jump correctly you have to find the sweet spot to platform without hurting yourself or falling.Only 2 boss fights (For now)I will update my review when the game is updated/full releaseThis game seems promising, has a lot of potential!"
76561197974798460,Recommended,588650,31704666,Posted: 12 May,all,Misfit,salt and sanctuary meets rogue legacy.first impression is amazing. looks and feels great.
,Recommended,588650,33733966,Posted: 22 July,all,A Beer,"greeeeat, another indie pixel art pretend metroidvania roguelike that markets itself as being hard...we all needed another one of those right?why recommended?  this one is actually worth your time and moneythe pixel art graphics are done by folks who actually know how human eyes work and use color and visual cues in such a way that's not only pleasing to look at but is conducive to enjoyable gameplay...gorgeous game, and just as functional...this also goes for the audio and ""combat feel"" as well, just about everything feels tight and responsive (more on that at the end, though)the level design/aesthetics are brilliant, and for a ""brutally hard roguelite hurr durr"" it's rarely cheap or unfairDead Cells borrows much of its progression system from games like Rogue Legacy, every run really does feel like progress and really good runs are VERY profitable and you make big leaps that you can build off of so dying and starting over doesn't feel like a massive loss of your timespeaking of, Dead Cells does something that literally no other roguelite i've played does:  it treats you like an adult, you can exit the game from any run in-progress and come back to it later and resume it exactly as it was...why is this the only one of these indie roguelites that does this?  why does every other roguelite dev think it's cool to frustrate their customers and waste their time?as a bonus, it doesn't feel at all like early access right now, it feels like a complete game, and i've yet to encounter a major bug/glitch or crash after over 35 hours...get it now while it's still in EA because it can only get betterthat said, there are some cons:  you unlock new/better equipment as you play, but you don't get to choose what equipment you start with, and the equipment drops around the procedurally generated maps are a gamble so sometimes you're stuck with garbage equipment through entire runs, which is never fun...if the dev's implemented either a system where you can pick your starting equipment or if you could at least ""sell back"" blueprints of weapons and skills you don't like so they don't spawn anymore, i'll delete this con from this reviewalso they really need to do something about ledges/ladders if they're going to insist on such tight corridors densely populated with difficult enemies, i have bricked at least a dozen good runs because i initiated the fight only to have my character annoying glue himself to a ledge or ladder/rope/pipe, this problem is universally acknowledged by other players so i hope the dev's figure it out one day"
,Recommended,588650,31735953,Posted: 13 May,all,Hawk Zombie,"I've only gotten as far as beating the first boss and unlocking two of the runes (unsure if any more are implemented into the game yet) and I gotta say...this game is amazing.Rogue Elements: Randomly generated zones, though the way to access them is always pretty set in stone. I will say, I've only really encountered 'bad' design for levels about two or three times (ladders leading to a small room with nothing inside,  small cracks you can sorta get stuck into and have to roll out of if you jump a certain way, etc) but for an Early Access game, that seems OK to me. The unlock system is where we get into the Souls influence and something I, personally, think is where this game truly shines. Also, the weapons randomly dropping and whatnot lends to either frustration (good kind) at getting a weapon you don't like, over utter elation at getting a perfect combo of amulets, weapons, and secondary skills.Dark Souls Influences: Obviously, death isn't permanent, but there are no checkpoints in this game. While is can be slightly annoying to have to trudge across the same areas over and over again, it affords you the ability to farm up the ""Dead Cells' which are your upgrade system. After completing a section and moving on to the next, you get to spend any cells you have on you to unlock not only permanent upgrades to your character and increase damage of weapons, but to actuallyUNLOCKsaid weapons. You find blueprints in the game that when you take them to your upgrade guy, you can then spend cells to have those weapons added to your random drop pool. There is no more frustrating feeling than to find a rare blueprint only to die before you can turn it in. Nor is there a greater sense of accomplishment when you actually DO.Metroidvania Aspects: Oh god, the level design is only hampered by the note I made up in the Rogue part. Aside from that? These levels are so well crafted I honestly have a hard time believing they are randomly generated. Your progress is also funneled much like it would be in SotN (the litmus test of ALL Metroidvania games). Someone said this would be the game if Dark Souls and SotN had a baby...and I kinda agree. Though it feels far more like SotN than a Souls Game.+Excellent artwork and breathtaking level design. The amount of details are amazing.+Sharp, responsive controls.+Amazing soundtrack and sound effects work+Timed doors that reward you for quick gameplay that also award blueprints (as of writing this, I am unsure if they only offer one blueprint per timed room per area, or if that specific blueprint is only found behind X timed door)=No checkpoints AT ALL. A shortcut given after a boss wouldn't be a bad thing, though given how weak you are when you 'start fresh' it might be more detrimental.=It's still in EA and may be for at least year before it's 'done'. That said, the game feels incredibly solid and very well polished=Unlike a souls game, if you die, you loseeverythingexcept permanent upgrades you have unlocked. There is no 'running back to your bloodstain' so that to me feels like a slightly artificial way of hampering progress and farming.  For some this can be seen as a positive or a negative. For me, it was frustrating, but not detrimental to the overall feel I have for the game-Having to go through the same areas over and over again can get boring. While the game points out there are no checkpoints as intended design, maybe having a certain unlockable that allows you to skip certain areas or start after certain bosses might help alleviate this.-Sometimes you can climb back up a ledge too quickly, which can cause an enemy to hit you, when you are trying to drop down. Slightly annoying, but I see this more as a gameplay issue to be fixed in EA time than a fault of the controls.-IMO Shields (currently) are all but worthless, as they are more of a parry mechanic that blocks attacks. This is just my opinion, but I really don't like them. Give me an Electric Whip, a Meat Grinder, and a Turret.UPDATE: Shields have been changed in the new beta build!-Very little in the way of lore or story. There are characters you encounter as you play, but they don't really offer much in the way of background story or world lore, which is what this game needs desperately to go from 'really cool Metroidvania clone' to 'SotN and Dead Cells are the best ever made'. Even if it's just something in the way of journal entries, or flavor text added to weapons and items, I'd be happier.TLDR: Excellent Metroidvania/Roguevania game that delivers in spades on gameplay, music and fun. Even for an Early Access title there are minimal issues to hamper the overall package. A must buy, even at full price. If they add lore and story to this, I will honestly regard this is the same esteem as Castlevania: Symphony of the Night. It’sthatgood."
,Recommended,588650,33157282,Posted: 2 July,all,PlatinumDalek,"Combat and movement is very fluid. THe game feels good to run, jump, and fight. Monsters are unique, require different strategies to combat so you can't just cheese your way through the game or use exactly one strategy. Game has some nice mechanics to force a different play style. For example, there are timed doors that reward you for not being super cautious or explore every pixel of every level. There are challenge rooms that require you to be quick but also thourough.Downsides: After beating the first two bosses (only two in the game as of now) it doesn't seem worth playing much more. The upgrades/unlocks I don't have will require me to grind for hours with not much gain.Overall this game is very good. I will play more as they add content. Hopefully they figure out how to make sure there is more to do to make upgrading/unlocking the weapons worth my time."
76561198277852373,Recommended,588650,34789753,Posted: 7 September,all,Fraisz,"A pick up and play Metroidvania.You want Beautiful Pixel Art? you got it.You want Amazing Gameplay? Its got it.You want a New Addiction? You have it.This game is easy to get into, hard to get out of.I'm very excited for the finished product."
,Recommended,588650,34363157,Posted: 19 August,all,Bricabrac,It's a bit like Dark Souls but it makes you feel cool instead of miserable.
76561197981929135,Recommended,588650,33680558,Posted: 20 July,all,RedSnowMan,Have you ever played Rogue Legacy? Do you like metroidvania style games? Do the words 'rogue-lite' make you drool like one of Pavlov's dogs when he rang the bell? Do you fancy a dash of speedrun in your action platformer? Have you often dreamed of being a reconstituted corpse with a flaming blob of gelationous whosawhatsit for a head? Is a silent thumbs up your favorite form of communication? Are you tired of all the questions?Then this game might be right up your alley.Other features include:- Pseudo retro graphics- Cool music for your earholes- A bunch of jars with stuff in them- What could vaguely be described as 'dialogue'- Your dead friend- Varied and unique weapons and tools for different playstyles- Glorious avarice followed immediately by the sensation of self loathing- Beanstalks that would make Jack jealous- Fisting a naughy chestand so much more!
76561198043917399,Recommended,588650,32112273,Posted: 1 June,all,Lolita Erotica,"So far im enjoying the game. The combat is satisfying and the movement is fluid and responsive. the variety of enemies are pretty good but the lack of bosses except for the elites is a bit disappointing. theres a huge variety of weapons and shields though there are weapons that stands hugely out above the others.If theres something that is keeping me from fully enjoying the game then its the ability to be completely stunlocked ( or atleast it seems like it ). There are moments when i get hit once and no matter what i do, get hit again before being able to respond and just kinda get comboed out like that.Dunno if this is true and i dont know if its time based but enemies seem to get stronger on the same stage either through navigating through it or enemies just get stronger as the time passes. anyways, this leads to deaths that i otherwise would survive on the same stage a bit before and it really catches me off guard.The game is also HEAVILY RNG BASED as far as i can tell. I can have runs where i get tons of hp/str upgrades and higher lvl weapons and runs where i might get better weapons but never anymore hp or str. and when you have to go through everything everytime you die can make it repetetive and boring if you get a streak of few upgrades and good weapons.You can argue that it just takes skill but the game is extremely unforgiven when it comes to taking hits. you dont have to go long before some enemies 1-shot you with base health.All in all thats just my personal opinion, i do enjoy a challenge but not a struggle. the combat is still pretty good and enjoyable to play as long as you dont fall way behind in upgrades combined with the stage you're at.I will recommend the game and it's not even fully out and can only get better."
,Recommended,588650,31761081,Posted: 14 May,all,penguinzs,Insanely fun at ~50% of content
76561198044037864,Recommended,588650,33787712,Posted: 25 July,all,Magnificent Buttshark,"Don't be discouraged by theEarly Accesstag, Dead Cells is more finished than some other competitors in its genre that had their full release and decided to call it a night before going off to boo-boo-land.Dead Cells is a fast-paced, 2D Metroidvania Roguelite with a big focus onsmooth combatandexplorationwith a badarse pixel artstyle and a cute sense of humor. It wasn't inspired by Dark Souls so much as it dressed up in a baby bib and knocked on Dark Souls' door before starting to call it""Daddy"", with an invicibility-granting dodge roll, counters and ripostes and a wide variety of weapons, shields and spells that each feature a unique moveset, but this game doesn't hide behind that as much as it reveres in it.It does what games likeSalt & Sanctuarytried and bumps up the speed, files off the edges and creates what might very well be the most compelling combat I've ever seen in a roguelike/Roguelite game, which in a genre that tends to have gameplay designed for two-finger Joe, the miner that's seen some♥♥♥♥♥♥ is a very welcome change of pace.As a direct consequence, Dead Cells supports a variety of playstyles, whether you prefer to take it slow and careful, shield-blocking and taking on one enemy after another while you gently cry in the corners inbetween, or whether you decide to finally grow some chest hair and play like the crazy speedrunner you always knew you could be, Dead Cells has the weapons to suit it and the mechanics to back it up.A simplistic leveling system that lets you increase one of three stats (HP,Damageorthe wrong one) allows further customization into your role and helps give each run a more unique feeling, and time-based mechanics likedoors that permanently seal offand give you the finger for the rest of a run after a certain amount of time has passed encourage you to experiment and constantly challenge yourself to stop sucking so much, rewarding you for accepting its challenges with rare or unique blueprints that unlock new items for later runs and maybe even awarding you that man-card your father was reluctant to give you after that one incident with your little sister's doll house.Speaking of items, Dead Cells does the typical Roguelite thing where it allows you to keep permanently unlocking items that you'll then be able to find in later runs, as well as upgrade all of them because let's face it, your ninja skills with those throwing knives aren't reallythatgreat and you probably need a little help.This drives you to stop crying and trying to challenge yourself to get through those timed doors, or explore in places you haven't looked before in search for those rare blueprints that you can then spend your hard-earned cells on to unlock and improve because hey, maybe this weapon will show that bully in World 3 what for.The item variety at display is pretty damn impressive as well, ranging from things as simple and straightforward asswords,bowsandshieldsof varying size, to one that adds bleeding,molotov cocktailsthat set enemies on fire,channelled lightningspells, afreezespell, a shield thatdrops money when you blockwith it and many more.11 hours in I haven't even seen all of the blueprints available yet.In addition to the basic item variety, however, Dead Cells also adds an element of randomization to them. While the basic premise of an item is set by its type, for example a Blood Sword will always deal a certain amount of base damage and push your enemies intoTHATtime of the month, Dead Cells also gives every item that spawns in the world random modifiers. These can range from basic things like ""+10% damage"" to more interesting mechanics like shooting an arrow every time you strike, throwing a bomb every other time, setting the ground you walk on on fire or making plunging attacks cover the ground in oil to be ignited later. All of this only further adds to the enjoyment and uniqueness of each run and helps each new weapon feel more unique. Unfortunately I've yet to see a modifier to earn that fatherly approval you've longed for all these years, but perhaps they'll patch that in with the full release.The procedural generation in Dead Cells is good, but nothing to write home about. The algorithm is solid enough that it avoids generating pointless dead ends or jumps into nothing, and there's a certain degree of ""set progression"" in it that's hard programmed into it, for example that the entrance to the toxic sewers will always be hidden behind a certain rune that you need to permanently unlock before being able to use its ability later, or that the Promenade will always start you out with a little secret up on the right wall where you start, or that you'll never be able to forget the sight of that one time you saw  your pet snake Mr. Snuggles getting run over by a carbecause you thought walkies for a Boa would be a brilliant idea.Little touches like those make the world feel consistent to a certain degree, but fairly generic building blocks that comprise the procedural generation can make for fairly indestinct levels that seem to keep repeating themselves. At least an easy-to-read map and the very generous distribution of fast travel points make navigation easy.In conclusion Dead Cells is a very solid and enjoyable roguelite that despite anEarly Accessshows an amount of polish that many other games in its genre wish they had. Compelling base gameplay is only supported by tons of nice little touches that blast the replayability into the ♥♥♥♥ing stars, and I'm very much looking forward to what they'll do with future updates."
76561198268627717,Recommended,588650,33134466,Posted: 2 July,all,deyvson,"The game has an incredibly good gameplay, the combat is precise, but can be frustrating to restart again from the beginning after every mistake. Still the proposal was to be a rogue-like, so if a person doesn’t like this aspect it’s better not to buy the game. We can improve the items and equipment, so the game can become a little easier, but every item has to be upgraded separately and you get them by chance, so it takes forever to upgrade them to the point that it really makes a difference, and even so this difference has little significance. The only thing that really is a game changer is the health potion, but you kind of have the obligation to upgrade it as soon as possible, otherwise you won't get to the end.It took me forever to kill the currently last boss, I was becoming really annoyed having to play the game since the beginning all over again. If it was a metroidivania like game it would be probably one of the best games I ever played in my life. But it’s my personal experience, most people bought the game exactly because it’s a rogue-like. If you want some challenge, in which you can have some progress, but never something that belittles this challenge, this game is for you. Keep in mind that currently the game doesn’t have many stages, you will see the same places a lot, the game is still being developed."
76561197984737777,Recommended,588650,31774230,Posted: 15 May,all,Maj. Slurms,"This game has a level design that is similar to Mark of the Ninja- combat fluidity of Ninja Gaiden/Arkham- wrapped up inside a beautiful Dark Souls atmosphere- with a helping of rougue like sprinkles. Like any other Rogue game it can be punishing until you learn the mechanics and enemy strengths/weaknesses. Before long though you'll be Dodging, dipping, diving, ducking and dodging at breakneck speeds feeling like the Ultimate Ninja Ooze Warrior. This is by far the most polished early access title I have ever bought and the developers will be releasing tons of more content in the future.If you enjoy rougue games buy it. If you enjoy the type of game that is punishing at first but through practice makes you feel like an ultimate bad♥♥♥♥♥that reminds you why you love video games buy it. If you want to get your hands on one of the best early access games to ever hit steam and support devs who do right by the players buy it.Not a single negative thing to say about this game... its a blast to play.Would play Binding of the Ninja Gaiden Dark Cells again. 10/10"
,Recommended,588650,33166539,Posted: 2 July,all,"Henlo, I am a Tree.",Never really been a fan of these kind of games but this game managed to blow away my expectations. It's a pretty good game considering it's still on Early Access and I can't wait until its full released.Combat is great. The devs recommend using a controller but the keyboard controls are fine.You will die a lot in this game but it's not frustrating at all.So far there isn't much enemy and map variety but overall it's still pretty good.Definitely recommended.
,Recommended,588650,31700471,Posted: 12 May,all,TheBowWowers,Roguelike Castlevania.Jesus christ for an Early access game this has so much content already... (Devs mentioned they feel it has 50% of its final contents so far minus whatever the community has to add on)Definitely worth getting this even at full price.
76561197970961897,Recommended,588650,32868553,Posted: 27 June,all,PogoPuschel,Despite being in early access its already a really good game. The combat feels great. It can only get better.
,Recommended,588650,31676037,Posted: 10 May,all,BlackzMan,"""You have angered the gods""Wait it was just a prank10/10What I wanted from rogue legacy and with even more crack seeped into the code to keep me playing when i should be doing anything."
76561198080290718,Recommended,588650,31962705,Posted: 25 May,all,Black_Coffee,"Fantastic visuals and combat, death system allows you to slowly build power while still being challenged. Only complaint would be that shields really suck right now.tldr: Most fun game I've played since Nuclear Throne."
76561198028255235,Recommended,588650,34888267,Posted: 11 September,all,Gilded Reviews,"Dead Cells is a throwback most people will not want to miss. From its tight controls to its weapon leveling system Dead Cells manages to create an experience that not only takes you back but shows you just how far games of this style have come.This game is easy to recommend, it delivers on what it promises and you will easily get 15-30 hours of gameplay if you want to complete this title.If you would like to see a more detailed first look at Dead Cells, check out my new Youtube channel:https://youtu.be/6eZQBae5kJI"
,Recommended,588650,31768790,Posted: 15 May,all,阿里体热者哦,"WOW.When I bought this, I was very uncertain. Because when I see a rogue-like/rogue-lite game, I always feel the apetite to buy it but only very few of the games I buy like that actually does the 'one more run' effect for me (e.g. Rogue Legacy as a rogue-lite and Pixel Dungeon as a rogue-like).So when I saw this game I felt like wasting my money, just another rogue-lite that I will play for 5-10 runs max. Writing this after my first 3 runs, I know what I'll be doing this summer. This hits every good note of a 2d rogue-lite. Satisfying and customizable combat, secrets, platforming, variety of enemies, upgradable weapons, everything. And even timed doors that you find after 25 minutes of exploration and see that they were closed 15 minutes ago locking away some good loot.This is the first tie in a while that I felt this excited about a game and just jumped into a review, and it is still in early access! Must buy for anyone who liked Rogue Legacy."
,Recommended,588650,31672207,Posted: 10 May,all,|$m0k!n|-R0m-,"A 2D roguelike platformer (or maybe more roguelite) inspired by Castlevania, The Binding of Isaac and Dark Souls among others. EARLY ACCESS PROS AND CONS BELOW vPROS+ Breath-taking pixeal art and animations+ smooth and responsive controls (gamepad)+ fun combat, polished & intelligent gameplay+ addictive+ unlockables (roguelite aspect)+ punishing (in a good way)CONS- lack of graphical settings- rare bugs & performance issues*- first level feels a bit repetitive after a while- if you don't like hard games, or permadeath, this is NOT for you.- the combat system is solid but game is only 50% done content-wise***If you have performance issues go in settings>misc and disable VSYNC, it might help**right now the game is 15 to 30h of content depending on your skill."
,Recommended,588650,33161378,Posted: 2 July,all,Ender,"There have been a few games that I have bought in genres I didn't care for just because of the hype.  Undertale?  Overrated.  Shovel Knights?  Meh.  Dead Cells?  Freaking love it so far.The movement and combat flow extremely well.  The game is very punishing at the beginning, but once you get down the enemy's attacks and learn to counter, after you die around 10 times, you'll get your first upgrade and things start moving faster.  Same for the first boss.  The game is paced extremely well.It can be a real bummer getting some of the best weapons and upgrades and then dying, but it's no different dying in utero in Binding of Isaac.Great game, pick it up."
,Recommended,588650,31791856,Posted: 16 May,all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"Dead cells is an early access, roguelike metroidvania with some mild dark souls elements. Normally, with early access titles, I don't recommend getting into it during its early access period, but this game is so well polished and the gameplay is so well done, I can easily recommend it in its current state. The only thing about the game that really screams lack of polish right now is the UI, and thats only due to art design of it not due to its actual way its laid out. Dead cells is early access done right.The game has some of the best art i've seen from 2D pixel art, and it has a ton of variety in enemies and stages for where its currently at in early access. I plan to play a few more hours more then waiting until release to get the full experience, but right now you can easily get 10-15 hours out of the game without running out of content. Early access done right, at an incredibly good price, dead cells is a must buy."
76561198265554482,Recommended,588650,33185212,Posted: 3 July,all,Matthew,"Absolutely top tier, AAA quality roguelike/metriodvania game. One of the best on the market. The content is not at it's peak yet. So you'll be running out of achievements and items in a shorter time than a game of this quality deserves, however that's the nature of early access. And it's not a complaint so much as a warning.Put it this way, during the sales I had a choice between this and more fully fledged AAA titles, this game cost about the same. I chose this because it's being actively worked on and because I saw the promise that the content we currently have is only a fraction of the final games content.If this game does live up to that claim, 10/10. If it does not. Significantly less. One thing that cannot be disputed however is the quality of the raw gameplay. That however won't carry the price if the content is fallen back on. Right now two of the very best retro looking games are this, and streets of rogue. This being my dream metriodvania style game, and that being the dream 2d deus ex I never knew I wanted."
,Not Recommended,588650,32089869,Posted: 31 May,all,AlekswithaK,"Let me make something clear first:  THIS IS NOT A BAD GAME.  It's actually pretty solid and good.HOWEVER, given its current state, I can't say i recommend getting it ( at least not till it's done and better balanced).  It bills itself as a Metroidvania, but just feels like a fairly linear rogue-lite action game where exploration isn't paramount / rewarded properly.One of the main draws of a Metroidvania is eploring new zones and fighting new mobs, but being a rogue-lite, you have to fight through the same handful of zones over and over, which is fine for that type of game, but not conducive to the experience / in the spirit of a true Metroidvania.  Who picks up a Metroidvania to fight in the same zones against the same trash mobs over and over?Items are insanely overpowered;  do deal ridiculous damage / have amazingly broken utility / all kinda operate in the same manner, making playthroughs very ""same-y"" / have crazy fast cooldown.  Aside from the beginning dungeon map, once i get two items, i just spam the hell out of them and rarely attack, even against the first boss.weapons range from feeling overpowered to near worthless.  the electic whip is so broken good, its hard to justify playing with anything else.  and as fun as the rapier is, its hitbox is unfairly specific; there are flying enemies that hover directly in front of you when attack, and JUST above the rapier hitbox, which means you have to make a short hop just to hit them.  i understand making the game challenging, but this isn't even difficult, it's just not fun / feels tedious.Overall, the game is fine, but needs work / shouldnt be billed as a metroidvania.EDIT:  I've gotten a few extremely heated replies about the game not being billed as a ""metroidvania"".  It literally says it in the store page blurb / early access read out / tags.  So yeah, gg's ya'll."
,Recommended,588650,34531605,Posted: 27 August,all,Rinari,"I could go on and on about Dead Cells. Despite the fact that it's not fully released, it's already one of my favorite ""roguelike"" games with stunning pixel art and interesting gameplay. They are problems, don't get me wrong. They just can't come close to dimming the pleasure of this fast, fluid experience. Dead Cells may be the most fun I've had in a game all year. Go and play yourself - totally worth it!"
,Recommended,588650,31817352,Posted: 17 May,all,Ashes,"Dead Cells is a metroidvania/ rogue-like developed by Motion Twin. So far we have, give or take, 50% or less of the content that will be present in the final game. It’s challenging, extremely fun and very rewarding, even at this stage.Technical DetailsDespite being an early access title I should mention that it runs fairly well from a technical standpoint and I have yet to encounter any major issues/bugs. Some of the areas drop my fps quite a bit though, especially “Promenade of the Condemned” which halves it (from 60 to 30, sometimes lower), but this is likely because the PC I’m playing this on is pretty bad for modern standards (GT635M/8GB RAM/i7 3517U). Still, for a 2D pixel game I think I should be able to run it a bit better. On a side note, some people (not me) have been experiencing crashes, but in the newest announcement the devs said they’ll be taking care of that shortly.Right now there isn’t a lot of graphical options, but I don’t really think there’s any need for anything fancy, options wise, considering that the game is pretty light I imagine most people will be able to run it without any problems. There’s one thing I would like to have though, the FPS unlocked and an FPS limiter aside from V-Sync.In short, it performs and plays very well, especially for an EA title.With this out of the way let’s talk about the important stuff.GameplayThe gameplay is both challenging and very satisfying, there are plenty of different weapons and items/skills. I honestly can’t really find anything to complain about in this regard. It’s very well executed, feels smooth, very rewarding and there’s enough variety, especially for this early stage of development.I can’t wait to see what kind of stuff is gonna be implemented in the future. I really enjoy the way you unlock new items/weapons and how upgrading works. Essentially you need to find blueprints and “deposit” them whenever you beat an area at a specific NPC. I won’t go into detail too much to avoid spoiling stuff, but take my word, it’s good.There’s a lot of different weapon/item categories and like Dark Souls, some of the weapons in the same class have similar movesets, but provide special bonuses or effects. I'm kind of baffled at how many different playstyles and builds are equally viable and fun.In a nutshell the gameplay is amazing, hitting stuff packs a punch, there’s plenty of variety and it’s incredibly enjoyable. The majority of the game feels pretty well balanced too, which I honestly didn't expect.World, Enemies and BossesI’ve by far not explored everything, but the areas I’ve seen I like a lot. They all have their own different aesthetics and special enemies, but I dislike that there’s still a bit of enemy reusage from earlier stages, I don’t mind it too much, but even a simple difference in appearance would be nice. It's worth mentioning that all of the different areas have their own specific blueprint drops as well.My biggest complaint so far is that there’s only two bosses. I have yet to see the second one, but I honestly think rogue-likes/metroidvanias need much more than two bosses. I really hope they add more, a lot more. This is the one thing which I feel Dead Cells is seriously lacking. Aside from that, the world is beautiful, graphics are amazing, enemies are not only tough, but really fun to fight. Another cool thing, to compensate for the lack of bosses are enemy elites. These are exactly what you’d expect, champion versions of regular enemies.I saw a complaint in one of the reviews that the way level progression works is bad. I can’t disagree more with that, I consider myself a rogue-like vet and it’s in fact much more interesting than traditional rogue-likes. Usually you have more than a couple of choices for which area you visit next and as you play more you’ll eventually get runes which allow you to access previously inaccessible locations. The more you play, the more choices you’ll have. I think it’s brilliant actually, no more RNG in progression, you always know what you’re getting yourself into.Finally I want to mention the random level generation. It’s there, but it’s not great. After a bit over 11 hours I started recognizing most of the patterns. I think there could be a bit more RNG, but considering how levels are structured it’s not a big issue. I should also mention that every area has it’s own palette of random layouts.ConclusionDead Cells is absolutely astonishing. I can’t recommend it enough and considering it’s only 50-ish% complete, I can only imagine it’ll get better. There's plenty to explore, find and kill even at this point in EA. Any metroidvania and rogue-like players will love this. It’s already a great game, I wish the devs the best of luck and I’m fairly confident they won’t disappoint us."
76561198041626130,Recommended,588650,33154856,Posted: 2 July,all,nicklous_lingor,I normally detest roguelike because they are mostly way too stupidly hard or ridiculously easy Dead cells is that perfect mesh between them.. you can die to the DUMBEST things in the first floor or have the most epic runs and unlock half your stuff.the only issue i have with the game is little inconsistencies with stun and freezing.Being it is early access i don't mind it really they will polish it up and so far it's got incredible content10/10 would die again
,Recommended,588650,32683517,Posted: 23 June,all,Samurai Preacher,"This game.....wow.....this game.....I am a huge fan of the Metroidvania ""Genre,"" but never was a fan of Rogue-likes. It always seemed to disappointing to get all that level-up power, then some monster get lucky and take you out, and start all over.This game, however, has changed my mind.The graphics are amazing, especially the animation quality. Rolling around the enemies and lighting into them with a quick combo or special skill feels amazing and so satisfying. Every death I have had feels like it was because I screwed up, not the game. I got hit by a trap? I should've looked before I lept. Surrounded by enemies? I didn't get out while the getting was good.The game is quick, everything is so fluid, and I never feel brought down by death. I caught myself more than once saying, ""Dang it! ....okay, one more try."" And then one turns into three or four. This is not a game you can lazily play.Definitely recommended. Now excuse me while I go play some more......"
,Recommended,588650,34114149,Posted: 8 August,all,echo,"Its just that: ""Only one more time""My biggest concern was: ""allways dying is too frustrating"" but no - its not. You just keep doing it. And doing it.And you progress. That makes it worth.Awesome Game. If you think about it - BUY IT"
76561197973144223,Recommended,588650,33172362,Posted: 3 July,all,sinansim,"One of the best platformers i have ever played. I usually don't like ""roguelike"" games but this one is different. Keyboard controls are solid, visuals and procedurally generated levels are great."
,Recommended,588650,31696546,Posted: 11 May,all,SWXY :'D,Highly recommended to all who are waiting for Chasm / Bloodstained.
,Recommended,588650,34792641,Posted: 7 September,all,[CPC]Strife,"What a Game!I wish we see more like this type of E.A. on Steam!To be brief:Do you like Metroïdvania?Do you like world with colorful environment? (but creepy... just a little bit).Do you like to die and retry, not because the game is too hard but because you just paying not that much attention?Do you like 2D with nice smooth graphic?Do you like music who will stay in you head? (so sweet OST)So stop here and stay a while! You have find what you seek.This game have also the level randomly generated so pretty much a run will not seems like the other.It may like Dark Souls (the currency to upgrade your weapons etc..) but no, it wasn't.If you want a copy/paste of Dark Souls in 2D so buy Salt and Sanctuary but here do not lose hope cause you will have a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,588650,32419941,Posted: 14 June,all,Not Micro,It's like dark souls but with pixels.
,Recommended,588650,32923457,Posted: 28 June,all,TonyMontana æ,yes good
,Recommended,588650,31760608,Posted: 14 May,all,Depleted Residual Material,"Basically it's a 2D version of Dark Souls with procedural generated levels and random loot. Really challenging and absorbing. In the current development stage pixel art visuals and animations are stunning the combat aspect feels solid and fighting in conjunction with exploration is very satisfactory.However lack of invulnerability frames mechanics can make close encounters with numerous enemies in the tight space really frustrating. But that's the only flaw I could find which I hope will get fixed.Edit:Now you get ""invulnerability frames"" If you choose to use shields which is a smart compromise I guess.if you are into Souls genre you should grab Dead Cells without hesitation."
76561198044949274,Recommended,588650,33159572,Posted: 2 July,all,DatsDaStuff,"This game is amazingly addictive. From the beautiful scenery to the smooth combat system, you really won't find another game like this out right now."
76561198063140319,Recommended,588650,31676046,Posted: 10 May,all,dolphinboi,"I started this game up and expected to play a couple minutes but ended up playing for 5 hours. This game is so addicting!!! Extremely satisfying combat and metroidvania exploring. Lots of secrets and items hidden in each level. I'll just make a short list of the pros and cons.PROS+ Very nice graphics and fluid animations. Little attentions to detail in the levels really get you immersed.+ Combat is very satisfying. The noises when hitting enemies and dodging attacks feels very rewarding as does picking up all the loot.+ Game does a good job of making you feel like you're progressing even if you die early. The cell upgrading system is pretty forgiving early on and there are tons of items to unlock.+ Soundtrack is pretty good and fits the atmosphere of the game.+ While the game is punishing it doesn't ever feel unfair. Makes you want to git gud.CONS- My biggest gripe is the enemy variety. There are only a handful of enemies that you fight early on and tend to get pretty repetitive. Mind you I have only played for 5 hrs but dying repeatedly makes the opening level pretty boring.- I've had many runs where you get screwed and have a level 1 main weapon for 4 levels due to bad chests and floor items.I usually never buy early access but this game caught my eye and i'm glad it did. There are some things I would like to change, but I'm very happy with the game thus far and am excited to see where the developers take this considering the very positive response. If you like side-scrolling action games with difficult but rewarding combat then this game is rfor you!"
,Recommended,588650,31711449,Posted: 12 May,all,Kyzi,my nama jeff
,Recommended,588650,33023676,Posted: 29 June,all,Skypris,"This game is RogueVania Nirvana.You can skip until you get to the Pros and Cons section if you wish!I bought this game finally and played it for about 10min in the morning.I went to work and couldn't stop thinking about it.I played when I got the chance after work.It got to be bedtime.I shut down the game and went to lay in bed.I decided to give it one more round.I gave it four.I shut it down again and went to bed.Again I got out of bed and started it back up for another two rounds.I am now here writing this review for a game I am thoroughly impressed with and having so much fun playing.PROS:+ Fast, fluid, satisfying combat+ Precise Controls+ Tons of unlocks+ Wonderful pixel graphics+ Character growth, both permanent and otherwise+ Good enemy and level variety+ Secrets!!+ Gear synergizing+ Great difficulty level+ Accidental awesome feats+ Plenty of Gud to be GittinCons:+ Could use more of everything (already planned)+ Too addictive+ Inability to come up with any real consThis game, like the Souls games it draws inspiration from, can send you on a roller coaster ride through moments of triumph, struggle, and defeat. When you die, you lose your current gear and some per-playthrough character upgrades, but make it to the end of a world, and you can use Cells to permanently upgrade you or future gear you find. It does a great job of making you want to play ""just one more round"" because death is not the absolute end. It is only the launching pad for another intense run-through. There is just something immensely satisfying with the combat, rolling between attacks and dishing out your own in a flury of impressive style. It is the main draw and it only gets better as you start getting the different weapons and gear that mix things up.Yes, this is Early Access. I would be hard pressed to call this game incomplete because even as it is now, I feel like this game is a full package, even without the additional content the devs have planned that will greatly increase what this game has to offerNow that I have finished this review, I am thinking whether I really need to sleep tonight.I don't think so.Time to play more Dead Cells!"
,Recommended,588650,32547116,Posted: 18 June,all,Saint Satan,Prettttty damn good for an early access game.  If you enjoy roguelikes then you should check it out.
,Recommended,588650,34785169,Posted: 6 September,all,TrucktubGAMES,"Oh, hi. I didn't see you there. Do you like action combat? Do you like rolling out of dangerous things repeatedly, fluidly and generally feeling like a ♥♥♥♥ING ninja ? Then hey...get this game. CAUSE IT'S GREAT.Honestly though, this is one of the best platformers/roguelikes/whatever I've played in a long long time. The combat is pretty incredible, especially with all the weapons you can potentially unlock (some you have to farm from specific mobs, which ups the replayability when combined with the game just being fun)You'll soon find a path that is easiest for you through the level selection, but every level gets easier once you learn what the mobs do.- The game itself is absolutely gorgeous. Some of the best pixel art I've ever seen.- Soundtrack is amazing and fits the combat theme.- And again, the combat is SUPER fun. It's fast, fluid, tight and constantly changing depending on weapons.BUY THIS GAME."
76561198021485189,Recommended,588650,33140695,Posted: 2 July,all,Prophet AKA Burgar,"Challenging but not frustrating, this Souls-metroid-vania is incredibly polished and captivating. Do yourself a favour and play it."
76561198072219609,Recommended,588650,31798598,Posted: 16 May,all,Voodoo Doll,"Do you own Rouge Legacy, Salt and Sanctuary, or any of the souls game? If yes, and you enjoyed any one of them; please get this game. As soon as I bought this game, I played it all day and finished the early access. Dead Cells is probably the best souls lite game of the year, and that is just for playing early access. The rouge like elements of Dead Cells makes me just want to keep playing and playing.  Now for the pros and cons.Pros-Controls feel super tight, dying in this game is really due to the players fault.-Animations and art style are very appealing (atleast imo)-REALLY REALLY GOOD FOR EARLY ACCESS-Large Arsenal at hand-Gameplay is different each run, especially with those challenges-Similar in Dark Souls in terms of game progression (Choosing between different areas)-The game is pretty challenging (might be a con for some people)Cons-Shields seems to be almost near useless (imo)-Time Trial Doors are really hard to get to, especially when the maps get much larger-Being so damn good that I cannot wait for new content.In conclusion, this game is very fun and challenging. I was able to finish the game with 2 quick bows and 2 damage buffers, which to me seemed pretty broken (2.5k per shot).  If you wish to see the Dead Cells full potential please support and play the early access."
76561197966000830,Recommended,588650,34043799,Posted: 5 August,all,Bet0,"In love <3 This game is a must-have for any platform/metroidvania/difficult game lovers.It is short, difficult and amazing. Hope the devs put more stuff in it (probably will since this is an early access tittle).Totally worth the purchase."
,Recommended,588650,31918629,Posted: 23 May,all,rhumzinator,"Wife: ""Can you go out catch some bread for the dinner ?""Me :""Sure, just one last run !"".........*Close the game*Me: ""Okay, I'm going !""Wife: ""it's 5 am... the baker is closed...""Me :""Oh, we are already Tuesday ???""Wife: ""We are Saturday...""Me: ""Great !""*Launch the game*12/10 Will never eat bread again."
,Recommended,588650,33138931,Posted: 2 July,all,Maggot Brain,"By far and large the best game I've purchased this summer sale - and I don't even like rogue-like/lites! 10/10, can't recommend enough.Here's a little teaser displaying one of the boss fights (not as easy as it looks, this was after about 100 attempted runs):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAQL5cB3A2Y&feature=youtu.be"
76561198129743915,Recommended,588650,33155006,Posted: 2 July,all,Psymon_Metzen,"Four hours in and I can definitely say the game is worth the price and more. The rogue-lite element mixes well with the atmosphere, giving this game a well deserved high score.Apart from some graphics issues, mostly just really choppy/laggy instances since the game isn't fully optimized yet (as far as I'm aware, at least), the game handles well and offers a nice mix of standardized difficulty with an always changing environment. Being able to have a selection of items gives multiple venues of play and the multiple progression paths to go through each level also makes it so you don't have to feel like there's only one route through the entire game.Mostly just waiting for the game's optimization to be implemented, since the game's current state doesn't support it that well."
76561197994760345,Recommended,588650,33162222,Posted: 2 July,all,serpeng,"I saw this game reviewed on Polygon and thought it was a bit odd for an early access game to be on there.  So I watched the video, read some reviews and decided to pick it up and give it a whirl.  I've yet to look back at that decision since.  In the short time I've played it so far, I've found the game to be difficult but fair, with a learning curve that belies a deeper strategy to the game.To categorize the game, I'd firmally put it under a metroidvania style game, with roguelike qualities.  When you die you drop everything you've picked up and go back to the begining.  You play through the same areas, but the maps change form each time.  So where once you had a slew of enemies and some doors you may instead find a few environment traps and some drops.  By beating enemies and progessing you earn dead cells, which are the games permanent upgrades.  You use them to improve upon the weapons you pick up.  This is where the game truly shines in it's playstyle.  Every weapon you pick up has different effects, and thus recquires a different approach.  The daggers do crits on every third hit, while a shield will protect you.  A grenade does decent AOE damage, whilst the bear trap will immobolize enemies that step onto it.  You are allowed up to 4 weapons at a time, 1 amulet which gives buffs and a healing potion slot.  Weapons are randomly dropped, and you can find plans throughout the game to give you the ability to upgrade them even further.  Based upon the items you find, your playstyle will need to adjust accordingly.I've only played the game a bit so far, but I can highly recommand it.  I've found a few early access titles to be lacking in content in general.  This game is not only brimming with content, but so far I've run into no crashes or other issues.  I eagerly look forward to seeing what else the developer introduces to the game."
,Recommended,588650,31742090,Posted: 14 May,all,Servo,"For the beginning of an early access, it is very playable and quite fun; here is some stuff off the top of my head-Roguelite with permadeath-Progress options between runs-Satisfying (so far) combat system and enemy types which enables you to improve through learning / player skill-Rogue Legacy + The Dishwasher + Bloodborne + SoTN-Pattern based enemies-Fluid combat-Very nice looking pixel animations (things like the bats and exploding enemies / spell effects look great)-Art style is consistent across a variety of enemies and item icons, etc, with many different environments-Does not hold your hand much (this is a plus for a game like this in my opinion)-Nice and clear presentation (hud/map/items/attacks) easy to determine where you want to explore, what you have-Will be in early access for another 8-12+ months-Lots of content currently with more to come as the community works with the devs to steer the game in a (presumably) good direction / expect things to become more polished over time-It's actually fun to play, minute to minute, if you're a fan of the stuff I mentioned above, not cumbersome to play at all (using a controller)Hope this info helps you get an idea for what the game is like to help decide if you want to contribute to its future"
76561198111422048,Recommended,588650,33192498,Posted: 3 July,all,Peace,"A lot of people are comparing this game to Dark Souls, and I love Dark Souls, so I decided to check it out. In my opinion, the game doesn't feel like Dark Souls at all. Not in the gameplay, or the tone. But I still ♥♥♥♥ing loved it.Good Game, recommended if you like Castlevania and Roguelikes."
,Recommended,588650,32322524,Posted: 10 June,all,Toastender,It's been a while since I've had this much fun with a game.
,Recommended,588650,33112716,Posted: 1 July,all,Ongo Gablogian,"I don't think it's an exaggeration for me to say that I love this game, and it's not even finished yet!  I highly recommend Dead Cells to anyone who is even remotely interested in metroidvania-style games."
,Recommended,588650,31883110,Posted: 21 May,all,Ashen One,"this is a fantastic game, although advertised as a 'souls-like' it is very different.+good visuals+solid combat system+satisfying rng+buff stacking to god tier over powered+exploration, but you never get lost or confused=semi linear-ish kinda=difficult=platformer-sometimes lags that can lead to death(but this is probably because of my lower spec pc)-the areas can feel samey after a while but because of the fast pace at which you can prgress this isnt a problem"
76561198274498821,Recommended,588650,31669979,Posted: 10 May,all,Papa Palpatine,"So far I'v played for about an hour so with my fresh first impressions in mind, I love this game so far; It deffinitly has this metroidvania feel that I love, along with tight controls and fast pace combat. It takes some time to get accustom with each weapons/items movesets/uses along with any potential drawbacks - i.e the ice blast needing a second to charge up before it will freeze any enemies leaving them open to swift combos. So far I'v died once to the first Archer boss and noticed on my second run up to that boss to take my sweet revenge, I found myself in a new layout of the dungeon that felt familiar but different. This changing dynamic of map layout as well as enemy placement makes for interesting replayability as the idea of death holds so much weight with losing almost everything you have, making it so that on my first run I used a sword and bow - but on my second I had twin daggers and a electric whip. ( which was pretty cool to combo the stun effect of the whip to then roll right infront of the archer and get a quick combo kill and move on to the next guy) Myself being someone who loves games that challenge the player such as: Darkest Dungeon, Souls/Borne, etc. I enjoy something like this alot. Again reminder, I'v played this game for only an hour now and this is my fresh take, but if you enjoy a hard game, with beautiful pixel art might I add, and can look past any bugs or issues as this is early access (myslef only experiancing minor stuttering) than give Dead Cells a try."
76561198099548128,Recommended,588650,31707806,Posted: 12 May,all,Hunkman,"Well ,despite of the fantastic expericense of playing ,I still need to point out a shortcoming of this game. There are massive places in the game requring gamers to use the double jump to get there. However , due to  the  short duration of jump , it is really hard to make it. Additionally , the climbing action is also hard to trigger. Those two things make the layer changing（especially in the unchallenging safe zone） quite uncomfortable and sometimes annoying . What can give us the achievability are combos and boss killing rather than climbing up.In the end ,I really enjoy this game. Thank you guys for bringing us this  fabulous action game."
,Recommended,588650,33492620,Posted: 12 July,all,Quarex,"Stay far away from this game if you are easily upset by losing progress.  I thought it was going to be like Rogue Legacy where I felt every game like I was making tangible progress towards some distant goal, but instead the game rubs how much progress you have lost in your face every time you die.I am still recommending it because it is a magnificently beautiful and well-designed game, but it is 100% not fun for me to play after the initial intrigue wore off."
76561198070778260,Recommended,588650,33143143,Posted: 2 July,all,DMoney,"Rellay fun and difficult game, love being able to be sub zero with the ice blast!9.5/10"
76561198058389411,Recommended,588650,34001778,Posted: 3 August,all,lavery8102000,Best game Ive played in a while . Very addicting
76561197986272123,Recommended,588650,33178489,Posted: 3 July,all,FriendlyTalents,"This is almost everything you could ever want in a game. aside from that what this game doesnt offer free money, chips, salsa, inexpensive really good beer."
,Recommended,588650,31689099,Posted: 11 May,all,Ni Hao,"The actual best roguelike I've played, gameplay feels amazing, plenty of build viability, very fun combos to find and exploit. 100% recommended"
,Recommended,588650,31668968,Posted: 10 May,all,Klice,"Simply fantastic. Didnt hear about this game except a week ago but I was pretty excited to try it,but carefully. A lot of Early Access (EA) titles have burned me and burned me bad. This one though finally lived up to what EA should be. It's polished,it plays well,there is a good deal of content,and it is a absolute blast to play. The graphics are crisp and not too cluttered,I feel powerful but I know with one mistake that I will get punished and hurt badly (and I was very right on that). I totally recomend this game to anyone wanting a fast paced 2d hack and slash. And I recomend you get it as soon as possible"
76561197961317091,Recommended,588650,31779382,Posted: 15 May,all,Jonno,"At beginning of EA:  Looking very promising.  Still lots of balacing to be done and content to add, but game is free from major bugs in two hours of playtime so far.  Will be keeping tabs on development as it continues...don't wanna burn myself out before they add all the good stuff!  Worth the current 15$ price, esp for fans of roguelike brawlers like Rogue Legacy.I really want to dislike the 'roguevania' moniker--just because i hate to see Metroid getting cut out of the deal--but there is much more Castlevania than Metroid here."
76561198069707578,Recommended,588650,33039349,Posted: 30 June,all,Zero Striker,"While Dead Cells is only in Early Access at the time of this review, it almost feels like a complete game, and a REALLY GOOD ONE, at that.The game is absolutely gorgeous, the developers took it to the extremes to show how pixel art can be used as an artstyle rather than a form of nostalgia, and it looks incredible.The gameplay is tight, great to control, and fun as hell to play. This is a must buy for ANYONE who's a fan of the metroidvania or roguelike genre."
76561198186381418,Recommended,588650,33234460,Posted: 4 July,all,kaianne,"Super fun! The game has fast paced and challenging gameplay, though not hair rippingly frustrating. Each different weapon has a different feel and weight to it which makes the comabt feel viceral and satisfying. There are points when I found myself dying often and having to grind in order to progress, but the comabt entertaining enough to keep me playing for a long period of times. Also, it has beautiful art and music that combine to create a unique atmosphere for each biome. As a person not great at platformers I don't find the palforming too difficult as of yet. I reccomend this for those that like fast paced and satisfying gameplay.A few issues with stuttering and lagging that will hopefully be tweaked in the future, but overal: great!"
,Recommended,588650,33158983,Posted: 2 July,all,KingMob4313,"Disgustingly good and it's only in early access.  Is just a touch too difficult, but still incredibly fun."
76561198088877723,Recommended,588650,33180008,Posted: 3 July,all,German Potato,"It`s like rogue legacy, but 10x better. The fighting is awesome, fast and very easy to get used to. There are a ton of items and building the right setup can be very hard at times. One of my favourite games lately!!!"
,Recommended,588650,32226960,Posted: 6 June,all,Charles Randall,"This game is everything I wanted Rogue Legacy to be but wasn't. It's like RL meets Super House of Dead Ninjas only less frantic, and with absolutely excellent moment to moment gameplay."
76561198074871521,Recommended,588650,33138751,Posted: 2 July,all,HumanDick,"I'm not normally a platformer/rouge type player, but this game is so addictive!Very Dark Souls like. After each death you want to start back again. Great game overall"
76561198082111464,Recommended,588650,33144650,Posted: 2 July,all,jeffrey157,"for an early access game I could not be happier. game feels very fluid, love that the devs are communicating with players and keeping the updates coming. the game is extreamly fun and difficult but ut always fees like your making progress, Excited to see this game grow as it continues to develp."
,Recommended,588650,32804375,Posted: 26 June,all,Benzin,"Can't praise this game highly enough, despite the early access tag, what's in the game so far feels as close to a finished game as anything I've played in recent memory.Everything about this game so far is excellent, the pixel art not doing the grimy run-down areas a disservice at all, animations feel and look good. Sound is also excellent, the soundtrack and in game sounds all recorded and made well to add to the atmosphere.And the gameplay, wow the gameplay. Take a sprinkle of inspiration from Dark Souls, Metroid, Risk of Rain; and turn it into something better than the sum of it's parts.One of the few early access games I've played, that has me actually excited for what the finished product might be.I cannot recommend this any higher, I cannot wait for each update and the final product."
,Recommended,588650,33008119,Posted: 29 June,all,Orange0,"The moment I was done playing ""Rogue Legacy"" I was really hoping for another 2D roguelike metroidvania platformer like it to pop-up...and, what do ya know? here comes a game called ""Dead Cells"" and, to put it lightly, this game is amazing so far. First off, I never buy into early access games, it is rare. But the moment I saw this it was a instant deal and I do not regret it. 5 or so hours in so far and enjoying every last bit of this frustrating at times but insanely fun 2D roguelike game. This genre never seemed to get stale, at least for me, especially when gems like this keep coming up out of nowhere and keep it feeling super fresh and fun.Needless to say I am very excited to see where the devs take this game and am looking forward to future updates."
,Recommended,588650,32903000,Posted: 27 June,all,kevinski,"This game's Metroidvania elements aren't nearly as deep as those of games like Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, but I daresay that Dead Cells is about as much Metroidvania as you'd like in a game that essentially brings bits of that genre to the Rogue-lite genre that other games like The Binding of Isaac and Rogue Legacy occupy. The pacing in this game is absolutely incredible, and the combat feels great. There are some slight performance issues, and the button response can be a bit dodgy at times, but I don't think I've otherwise been so thoroughly impressed with a game in a long time. I highly recommend giving Dead Cells a shot, despite its Early Access status."
76561198050633621,Recommended,588650,32866255,Posted: 27 June,all,rane,if you like binding of isaac you'll like this
76561198055470943,Recommended,588650,33815241,Posted: 26 July,all,Wasting my life,This is one of the best games I have ever played. It  has great combat and gets pretty hard.A must buy for gamers
76561198244704778,Recommended,588650,34384915,Posted: 20 August,all,DeathDoUsPart,"This game is great. I love the pixel work and the fluid combat. The progession using cells is amazing and I love the updates this game is getting. I knew it was early access, but when I was playing I couldn't even tell."
,Recommended,588650,34185226,Posted: 12 August,all,Siyah,"If I want to relax, I play Dwarf Fortres. If I want to excite, I play Dead Cells."
76561198081198806,Recommended,588650,32532765,Posted: 18 June,all,lejamass,This. Game. Is. Awesome!Its like Darksouls in 2D.Thanks to a video on Youtube I was introduced to this Gem. I hope it will greatly improve in the Future.I am always cautions about early access titles but this is seriously awesome.
76561197989767497,Recommended,588650,33939974,Posted: 31 July,all,NuCl34R,"Holy crap this game is awesome! Just bought it and played for 3 hours straight! I had no idea a 2D game could look this beautiful! Awesome gameplay, fabulous art, a really really fun experience!Buy this game."
,Recommended,588650,34462711,Posted: 24 August,all,Stalker2400,Great animations and combat/spellsKeeps updating with cool stuffDefinitely worth a try if you are a Rogue-Like fanHas a Dark souls feeling with the dodge and gathering souls kind of thing.
,Recommended,588650,35332803,Posted: 30 September,all,Apocalypse,"Intro:Dead cells is a masterpiece, it is a fantastic, beautiful, challenging and thrilling rogue-like, metroidvania game that does more than justice to its genre.Pros:+The graphics and animation are a masterpiece. Simply beautiful. The spritework along with the filters are aestethic, colorful and eye welcoming, by far this is probably the game with the best pixel are I've ever seen.+The game is extremely challenging and satisfying, don't get me wrong, it's difficult. The good way, though. Easy to learn, hard to master.+A variety of monsters, elite monsters, mini-bosses and bosses with original concepts, designs and attacks.+Alot of stages, floors and levels with alternative paths and all kinds of hidden maps, loot and bonuses you get to know as you progress.+A large roster of items and weapons that each of them collaborate with each other and are very fun to use.+The game is basically a one-run game. Although not exactly. You basically progress each run, as there are items, blueprints and upgrades you unlock that can assist you in future runs, this makes the game extremely fun, because even when you lose in a run, you don't exactly lose it all, you progress.+The choices you make in runs are of utmost importance. (E.G:Which path to go or investing in HP, attack or skill).+Game concept is amazing. Execution is even more amazing.Cons:-The game is in early access, so I wouldn't exactly call this a complete game yet. Nevertheless the game offers dozen of content, a final boss, and a very fun gameplay that is worth every minute.Conclusion and Rating:Dead Cells is an amazing game, which is very well worth its price. I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of difficult, rogue-like adventures.[ 10 / 10 ]"
,Recommended,588650,31782595,Posted: 16 May,all,SableRizol,"Dead Cells does what every other souls-lite failed to do -- Combines great design with great platforming. Dead Cells is an exceptional game with so much replayability.Although there's a lot to learn in the beginning with it's punishing gameplay, you'll find yourself sent back to the beginning over and over, but each try you have a chance to unlock new permenant items and upgrades which opens up new options and new areas to explore. Absolutely addicting game.There IS an option to rebind keys, I use a keyboard set up, using wasd for movement, shift for jump, space for roll, h/j/k/l for attacks, y for interacting and u for heal. This works for me, so I reccomend this setup for keyboard players.Dead Cells has multiple saves, which you can reset or restart a run giving you lots of choice for playstyles and upgrades that you want to keep for different save slots. I can't reccomend this game enough!"
,Recommended,588650,33232123,Posted: 4 July,all,The Darker One,Great game but if you compare this to Dark Souls I will drive a ♥♥♥♥ing van into your house.
76561198136543208,Recommended,588650,32028011,Posted: 28 May,all,SSEEAALL,"This game is frustrating, and at the same time catching. You get killed so many times that u want to go to that level again and kill 'em all, but no matter what you do you will get fked over and over.There are many main weapons, secondary and powers. An interesting variety of enemys and a spicy aspect: the ""elite"" enemys. I'll be glad to see more weapons, more maps and as i will mention below *checkpoints* But it's early access so i can wait :DI must say it would be cool if we won a checkpoint when we beat the 1st boss, to at least feel a little of progress. And being able to activate it or just start from the begining without skipping the other scenarios"
76561197970648170,Recommended,588650,31781127,Posted: 15 May,all,[gbx] Ghent,+ Great controls.+ Challenging gameplay.+ Various playstyles supported.+ Appropriately tuned death/progression loop.Worth every penny.
,Recommended,588650,31795695,Posted: 16 May,all,MrRagez,"Well that does it, I'm officially addicted to this game.One of my favorite games growing up was SOTN. With that being said many of the Metroidvania games lately just didn't hold up to my personal standards. They were either too short, too much platforming, too difficult (I'm looking at you Hollow Knight), and many suffer from relatively clunky controls. However, this game serves as a breath of fresh air into a stagnating genre.The art is going to be the first thing you notice. I personally love pixel art games, and this pseudo-3D pixel art is visually stunning in my opinion. You'll either love it or hate it.Soundtrack and sound design is impeccable. The music in each stage is perfect and never feels out of place. The sounds of your weapons are endlessly satisfying, nothing is better than cracking the whip and getting that Castlevania nostalgia. Enemies even have audible as well as visual tells for their attacks, so listen as well as watch. From the sound of smashing down doors to the satisfying crunch when you kill flying bugs, all of it feels natural.Combat has to be some of the most fun I've had in this genre in a long time. The difficulty is there but it all comes down to learning patterns. Don't go into your first run expecting to clear the game first try, it's not gonna happen no matter how good you are. The variety of weapons and combos make for the combat to be incredibly varied and leaves you room to decide how you want to play. Want to black attacks and parry everything? Well you can with shields. Or instead take a bow and dagger, roll around and dodge all the attacks rather than blocking. It allows you to play how you want and develop different strategies. There's also abilities as well. These are just as important as your weapons and can be even more deadly when used in the right scenarios, like using the magnet grenade with the meat grinder to literally pull enemies into a pile of spinning blades killing nearly everything in seconds. Possibilities are pretty deep, and for me that just adds more replay value. I really love the health system, having a health bar over having a set amount of hits you can take is a lot better in my opinion. Upgrading your health potion is invaluable to your success in this game, so I suggest you focus health upgrades first. The roguelike mechanics work really well, each run gets you stronger and should help you get further. As the devs themselves said, die learn repeat.Map design is pretty nice as well, it's randomly or procedurally generated each time but the maps are all unique based on the stage. For example the Fog Fjord is all piers and shacks with no underground portions. Toxic Sewers has toxic pools all over the place (obviously). You also aren't limited to a set path, you can take different routes that carry different enemies and hazards. Like the Ramparts have a lot of spots where you can accidentally fall of the ledge.All in all this is definitely one of the most satisfying games to have come out recently. If you like this genre then just do yourself a favor and pick it up. The devs are devoted to this game and there will be a major patch by the end of the month. The fact that this is early access is a good thing because if it's in the near immaculate state it is now, it will only continue to get better. I'm happy to see this game have such a massive reception already, it gives me faith for the completion of development and furthering of new content. Definitely one of the best indie titles to hit the market this year in my opinion."
76561198141908130,Recommended,588650,31778631,Posted: 15 May,all,Starbit,"If you've played Rogue Legacy a few years ago, then this game is very similar in terms of gameplay and progression and you should feel at home relatively quickly.For a game thats in Early Access, all I have to say is that I'm only a couple hours in and I'm already hooked. This game is great with its smooth combat and sense of progression that is very easy to get into. With its variety of levels along with its weapons and items you can upgrade using the ""Cells"" that you collect, every run leaves a feeling like it matters, even if you die early on. Not to mention its incredible atmosphere and visuals. Honestly, this is some of the best and most detailed spritework I've seen coming out of an indie developer.I rarely buy games that are in Early Access, however, considering the amount of polish and content that the game has already, it's well worth the purchase. I can't wait to see what new features and challenges the game and its devs at Motion Twin will have in store over the next few months."
,Recommended,588650,31691539,Posted: 11 May,all,vickfam7,This is how you do early access. Played alittle cant wait to get out of work and dig in!!!!! So if you are on the fence just know it is worth every penny.
76561198351967438,Recommended,588650,31889739,Posted: 21 May,all,Akiva Gazzle,One last run....*5 hours later*  ONE LAST RUN!!!
76561197960464266,Recommended,588650,31888539,Posted: 21 May,all,[AoL]Boojum,Salt & Sanctuary with random maps.
76561198149710367,Recommended,588650,32352591,Posted: 11 June,all,Valkyrie,This game reminded me what it feels like to have fun
,Recommended,588650,32482969,Posted: 16 June,all,JustinKii,If you like Dark Souls give this game a try!
,Recommended,588650,32701697,Posted: 23 June,all,Artillect,"Very very fun game. The combat is incredibly polished, and the horizontal movement is awesome. Jumping could use a little polish, you don't exactly grab onto ledges you think you would (sometimes I have trouble getting into the first door when I start a game). Incredibly well done pixel art, and tons of different enemies that offer interesting gameplay. If more challenging platforming/puzzle solving could be added, that would greatly improve the platforming experience. I'm not sure if stealth is planned, but adding some elements of stealth and encouraging that could add a lot. Adding items that change mobility would be really cool as well."
,Recommended,588650,32788742,Posted: 25 June,all,Chan,"Tight combat, fun ideas, but suffers a bit from Binding of Issac syndrome (multiple restarts into procedurally created levels)."
,Recommended,588650,32882607,Posted: 27 June,all,Hamm,I've really enjoyed this game.  It is very fully featured for early access.  The combat is extremely satisfying and the large variety of weapons means every run feels different.
,Recommended,588650,32890242,Posted: 27 June,all,Spøøky,"Dead Cells is already in my top 5 games of all time, and it's not even out of early access. 10/10."
76561198044049535,Recommended,588650,32697770,Posted: 23 June,all,Grommit,This game is amazing! I cannot believe how addictive this game is. There is a bit of a grind but that's just to upgrade your weapons. Tonnes of different gameplay styles and lots of secrets to find. I'm looking forward to a finished product.
,Recommended,588650,32752658,Posted: 24 June,all,leechmonger,"Really fun game so far, very easy to pick up and get into the flow of it, the controls are fluid and satisfying and having to restart after death doesn't feel like a chore at all.A lot of these permadeath Roguelike-Like-Like games forget about rewarding the player for their efforts, having you lose everything and start from complete scratch after death. This game, on the other hand, allows you to unlock permanent upgrades and items to help you in later runs. This alone makes the game so much easier to keep continuing after death.Also, I really like how the player character's reaction to things is either to shrug or give a thumbs up."
,Recommended,588650,32144496,Posted: 2 June,all,Toby v. x.0,"Extremely fun; combat and movement feel super fluid; love everything about it (except its current length.)Reflects the games it's based on very well (Castlevania and Super Metroid) with its mazelike designed levels (which are randomly generated might I add.)The variety of build choices makes each run turn into its own game; will I go for the Phaser/Assassin Blade/Damage Buffer one-shot? Do I go for the extremely safe Magnet Grenade/Meat Grinder wait-it-out build? It's all based on pick-up-and-go weapons, and the randomness makes synergies out of things you would never expect.Aside from the length due to Early Access, this must be one of the most fun and enticing games I've played in a very long time.100% recommend to anyone who has enjoyed any platformer-action gameever."
,Recommended,588650,32400711,Posted: 13 June,all,The Pain Bringer,"It frustrates me that 12.2 hours in, I've only killed the first boss twice. This game is hard, and it's ALWAYS gonna be hard, no matter how many cells (upgrade points) you pour into your weapons. One curse can kill the whole run, and you start all the way back at the first level. But that's fine, not only am I a glutton for punishment, but that feeling of being frustrated for not dodging enough or getting overconfident and dying for it is the EXACT feeling I got playing Dark Souls. And that feeling is worth more than this game is currently priced."
,Recommended,588650,32861414,Posted: 27 June,all,GayoMayo,Fun game. Steady stream of updates.
76561198106360163,Recommended,588650,32855827,Posted: 27 June,all,DreamBrotherz,"Great Game, Put in many hours and plan to put many more. the only thing i might critique is a game like this needs to have more memorable tracks for ecah map. some dont even have any music. nothing extreme but something with a bassline (take a page from Isaac) the music for me made me keep coming back to that game, the track that plays in the shop is awesome would be nice to see some variation and the track in the prison sewers is catchy too just needs a little more oompfh...."
,Recommended,588650,32947149,Posted: 28 June,all,Nepoxx,"I've played a lot, and I mean a lot of Roguelikes/Roguelites, this one is up there with Rogue Legacy. In my opinion the most important aspect of games like these is how well they react to input, Dead Cells nails it. The controls are snappy and reacts exactly like you want it to.The atmosphere is awesome, the music, the art style, the level design (it's procedural but it's well executed).There's not much negative to be said about this game. The price is right and the game is good.Oh yeah, make sure you have a controller."
76561197998981554,Recommended,588650,33140880,Posted: 2 July,all,Valis,"(Early Access Game)Probably the most fun game i've played in a long time.  Pisses you off at times and makes you feel acomplished at others.  The game is early access right now with some bugs, but the dev's seem to be doing a good job with it.  You have a main and a sub weapon that can be swapped with items you aquire on your adventure from swords of different types, bows of different types, dual blades(single weapon), clubs that stun, freezing spells, throwing daggers, shields, etc.  You also can get 2 time regenerating usable abilities, bombs, flash bangs, traps, etc that can also be aquired and swapped with ones you aquire along the way.  You gather cores from defeated creatures that can be spent between levels on unlocking new gear/upgrading gear.  You can get scrolls that level up 1 of three stats, Health - Gives you more max life, Strength - Makes your attacks deal more damage, Ability - Lets your timed abilities regerate faster, etc.  When you die you lose everything and start over (some unlocks let you keep a percentage of your money or start with random unlocked weapons)  The area changes after each death.Very well thought out game and I'd recommend it to anyone that enjoys this type of game. (understand that some bugs will be present due to it being early access though, so if your not ok with that wait until its fully released.)"
,Recommended,588650,31736370,Posted: 13 May,all,LeStormi,"What a little gem!!This game honors a beautiful artstyle and the metroidvania/souls-like elements are very clear w/o bringing any of these genre defining games to shame..!It's Early Access, and we get warned about bugs etc. when entering the game, fair enough.. But it's VERY polished! i've only encountered 1 bug so far (8 hours when writing this revivew) and that's less than a lot of triple A titles out there.Combat and general controls are fluent!Gameplay is well enough challening.At this point i really don't have anything bad to say.. I am just hoping for continued support and development (more bosses etc.), multiplayer and achievements! xDAnd as one of those ppl, really looking forward to Death's Gambit.. This is something VERY nice to keep me warm in the wait! ;)"
76561198089025496,Recommended,588650,33023629,Posted: 29 June,all,Bronzewarrior,So far it's a fun but challenging game the likes of rougelands or metroid. My sole gripe is the lack of graphic quality choices so far.
,Recommended,588650,32912841,Posted: 27 June,all,Bohonkie,"Great action platformer with rogue-like elements. At this point the game is definitely still early--the number of unlocks is lower than most in this sub-genre, there isn't a ton of variation between runs other than getting the same specific item combos, and there are still some obvious balance issues. But the bones here are fantastic--it's really polished in all the ways you hope from an early access game, the graphics and art style look great, and the framework they've established can easily be added to with additional patches. This is a good game easily worth the asking price, and could eventually turn into a fantastic one."
,Recommended,588650,33169378,Posted: 2 July,all,ᴿᴺᴳ Smiles [Tipofthehats.org],"I only just started playing the game and i think i love it. I can see it having a lot of potential for frusteration, but that is only from it being difficult later on. The only thing i find annoying is when take damage you are stunned for about a 1/4 of a second which isn't bad but can potentially be fatal if you are in over your head surrounded by enemies.  Also it runs on my crappy laptop which is a 100% ++++"
76561198054459202,Recommended,588650,33169601,Posted: 2 July,all,360#SW4GMASTER420BLAZEIT#SMOKWED,"Great art style and difficult but fun combat, as well as very active devs who are consistantly putting out great updates."
76561198074822419,Recommended,588650,33166404,Posted: 2 July,all,UStillDontWantMy341,"As with every Roguelike this game is extremely difficult.  Getting used to the mechanics is a bit trying though.  For example, the role has an obnoxious amount of end lag and it's easy to forget that.  Bosses can attack at obscene speeds and, sometimes, cannot be dodged (because of the roll end lag).  However, on a positive note, the weapons are wonderful to wield and experiement with.  The combos you can create with the additional effects can lead to some excellent results.  Keep in mind this game is in early access but it's worth the buy."
,Recommended,588650,32884995,Posted: 27 June,all,Mane Function,"Decide to try this game in early access and it's god damn amazing! Dope graphics and stunning animations, very good game design and level design. Still needs some improvements with the whole ""storyline"" it's pretty linear for rogu-like game with procedural generation but anyway.I'm waiting the release version to finally finish it. Great work, guys!Totally recommended."
,Recommended,588650,33221172,Posted: 4 July,all,enter-furtive,"Yes! Finally!In general, rogue-likes annoy the heck out of me after a short time. From playing this for a short time: It's the roguelike I've been waiting for, for someone to create..... Because I don't know how to create games and this game is how I would have done it.A shark among fish...Biiiiig thumbs up.   _b"
,Recommended,588650,32244424,Posted: 7 June,all,Beastgab,Yes.
,Recommended,588650,33327947,Posted: 6 July,all,Mr. Big,"Do you like Rogue Legacy, Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Super Metroid, Salt and Sanctuary and the Souls Series (Granted the game is a play on Demon Souls). Then this is the game for you! The gameplay is smooth as are the controls and the background is very colorful which is very pleasing.It plays like a combination of the games I mentioned in the opening statement with it's own feel and touch to it. The difficulty is there but with a system where you can spend your cells that you collect each run on empowering spells, weapons or various other buffs makes it more than fair.The only thing I can really complain about is the lack of enemies, there needs to be more variety in my opinion. But being that this is an early access title, I'm sure with time this will change as well as many other things. I'm very optimistic to see what gets added and changed with time, being that this game already delivers.For the price that this game is, it's very well worth your money and it has a very bright future ahead of it. Definitely check it out!"
,Recommended,588650,31794959,Posted: 16 May,all,wilson,One of the greatest rogue like games I have ever played. The combat and abilities are interesting and fun to play and do not get old. The pixel art is very well made and the game seems to be already almost in a finished state although more updates could add more weapons and items.
,Recommended,588650,31943267,Posted: 24 May,all,Mr. Poopybutthole,This is one of the most fun games I've played in a long while
,Recommended,588650,33056473,Posted: 30 June,all,Polar Bear Isaac ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,It's all fun and games until you die but the fun and games never ends even when you die
,Recommended,588650,33209780,Posted: 3 July,all,Bubzy,"Game's Beautiful i love it. Exploring all of the areas, dying and restarting and going through a new adventure only makes it seem more worth it too make it too the end!"
,Recommended,588650,32719537,Posted: 24 June,all,DotCom书记,"目前来看地图数量和怪物种类还是偏少了，希望能继续增加更多boss和怪物，也希望减少升级需要的细胞数，增加更多更有趣的物品和武器It is real fun to play Dead Cells.As an alpha/beta testing game, Dead Cells already proves itself one of the best rogue-like ARPG. But it still far away from a fabulous game. Please add more content to the game, adding more dungeons, more funny weapons and types of enemies and boss. Also I wish cutting down the number of cells for updating weapons."
76561198035626983,Recommended,588650,32727716,Posted: 24 June,all,MR. Awesome,"The game is just fantastic. The game offers possibly the most rewarding and entertaining combat system there is to this date. I would imagine this to be the offspring of Darksouls,  The binding of isaac and Enter the gungeon mashed together but with a more vibrant and awesome enviroment. This game is still in early access but is due to its precise controls, level design, weapons and fantastic graphics maybe one of the best 2D/pixelart game ever."
,Recommended,588650,32458623,Posted: 15 June,all,Yal,"While the game is still in Early Access at the time of writing, it's already amazing with a full game's worth of content - I'm certain there's no way the devs can make it worse by adding MORE stuff.Dead Cells is basically a platform action roguelite with a focus on combat. You feel really powerful, but you also fight really powerful enemies, making fights feel very dynamic in a ""every hit counts"" way.  The game borrows various mechanics from Bloodborne, Devil May Cry, Castlevania and Dark Souls and somehow melds them together in a really consistent way. As you progress through the levels of each run, you find items with more and more additional effects, creating an interesting synergy gameplay where you can set up powerful combos, such as getting an AoE attack get a piercing property that lets you kill an entire room of enemies in one swoop if you time it correctly.However, when you die you lose the progress in the current run and have to start over from the beginning, with a completely new random level layout to explore. All is not lost, however: the Cells you pick up from dead enemies can be spent to upgrade your weapons (making all weapons of that type stronger) or unlock new types of weapons altogether, as well as several other benefits such as rechargeable healing potions. It's rewarding to just run past enemies, and it's rewarding to hunt down every single one of them. It feels nice to spam bombs and throwing knives and watch cascading ailments wipe out rooms of enemies, and it feels awesome to use your vampiric powers to recover every point of damage you take in a heated swashbucking one-on-one swordfight with the Incomplete One.Furthermore, beating bosses rewards you with new abilities, letting you access new areas or alternate paths in each area, giving you more freedom to explore and quicker ways to power up for the end bosses, as well as a slow but steady flow of new blueprints for the permanent-upgrade shop. Since you unlock new weapons and skills bit by bit, the sheer number of stuff to unlock doesn't get overwhelming, and most of the early skills are easy to use in exchange for lower utility.7 hours in I've yet to reach the second boss, but the alternate paths has given me a pretty good look of the game; every level has its own unique quirks and enemies and there's always something different you can do if you're bored of seeing the same vistas every run."
,Recommended,588650,33580535,Posted: 16 July,all,sqeezy,This game really reminds me of Spellunky as you are allways searching for better equipment and perfection in the way you fight your enemies. On the other hand Dead Cells is far more fluent in its animations and feals o so responsive. Worth the money for sure.
,Recommended,588650,32957885,Posted: 28 June,all,Masema Gohma,"This game is a gem, to put it simply.The combat: satisfying as ♥♥♥♥.The graphics: absolutely gorgeous.The animations: stunning.The music: pretty damn great.Do yourself a favor and buy it."
,Recommended,588650,33621124,Posted: 17 July,all,Thomas The Dank Engine,"Great gameplay. You will die a lot, but that's how you learn. Very Dark-soulsy feel to it, and the combat is reminiscent of Castlevania and Metroid. It has the replayability and intensity of a roguelike, so the game actually does get your heart racing sometimes. There are many different weapons, each able to have many different stats and mods on them, there are a crap ton of enemy types, each with telegraphed movesets that are easy to read (but sometimes hard to react to when there are like 3 or more fighting you). The visuals are amazing, the music (especially in the Prisoner's Cells) is fantastic and motivates you after you die.Seriously, for this price, this is insane. It's a steal. When you have no wifi and you're bored off your mind, this game will entertain you for hours on end."
,Recommended,588650,31679617,Posted: 11 May,all,(ISIG) Legoguy9875,"As of now, I have managed a full run of this game, so I'm gonna go a bit more in depth on this game.Dead Cells is about everything you expect in a roguelike; randomly generated levels, with both common and level specific hazards, as well as a plethora of items that you can unlock. For what it is right now in early access, you get quite a bit for the asking price. A hefty variety of items and enemies, and a campaign that is an acceptable length for the type of game this is.One of the game's key selling points is how it combines the randomized nature of a roguelike with the expansive level design and character progression of a Metroidvania. While it does have certain aspects of one, I wouldn't necessarily class it as such. When I think of a Metroidvania, I often think of games with a large, conjoined world that seamlessly blends into each other, while also having level design that compliments you growing as a character. Good examples of these are Ori and the Blind Forest and Hollow Knight; games that are free to explore at your own pace, but still limit you in ways that encourage you to explore and grow stronger and more capable of overcoming obstacles. With Dead Cells, the only real aspect that shines through here are the permenent character upgrades you can receive, which include the ability to create climbable vines and use tombstones to teleport between two points. That's really it, though. It's nothing detremental to the game overall, but just a small thing I have with this game's metroidvania elements. If you're a beginner to the metroidvania genre in particular, I would not recommend this as a starting point, as I don't feel that it does the genre true justice. If you want to be introduced properly to the genre, I would recommend starting with Ori and the Blind Forest, followed by Hollow Knight.In terms of the roguelike elements, there is quite a lot of variety. When you look at the initial item pool, while it certainly isn't small, it's nothing compared to the likes of Binding of Isaac. However, what really brings out the variety are the random stats. Every weapon you find, with acception to the ones you get at the very start, have a chance of having a higher ranking, which increases its default damage output depending on the rank, as well as a randomized stat or effect. For example, you could have an oil sword that deals extra damage to enemies frozen or on fire, a flamethrower that deals extra damage to burning enemies, or a weapon that applies an effect on an enemy or a group of surrounding enemies when you deal damage to them or kill them. These random effects can make already useful weapons even more powerful than they initially were, and when combined with stat scrolls that can potentially make those items even MORE powerful, you can very easily become an invincible powerhouse with the right weapon and subweapon combinations.With that being said, Dead Cells is by all means not an easy game. Even with a powerful loadout, a single slip up can easily kill you, especially in the late game where enemies can not only swarm you, but absolutely destroy you in mere seconds if you're not quick on the draw. It isn't impossible, as I have managed to do a full run of this game, but it certainly can be a hard journey if you're not on your guard with every step you take.Overall, Dead Cells is a game worth checking out, especially if you're in the market for a good roguelike or even just a challenging action platformer. Just be aware going in that the game will test you."
76561198183491363,Recommended,588650,33289752,Posted: 5 July,all,Dralicien,Amazing. It is a hard but fair game. The 2D nature of the game in not offputting and in my opinion was a great design choice. The sound effects are great and very weel done. Now to the game. I have not played a ton but what I have played it lots of fun. Be warned you will die a lot and lose cells and blueprints and sometimes it really sucks. But keep going because every run feels just that much different with your best and worst runs being the most memorable. The combat manages to stay fresh and interesting even after playing for hours. And the gameplay is very addicting. And there are some permanant rune upgrades or at least one that I know of but I think there might be more. Blueprints is how you unlock lots of weapons. The pixel artstyle is also very well done and looks great. It does say that having a controller is highly reccommended however I have no trouble using a keyboard and mouse. If you are nervous because of early access they update the game frequently and it really is worth it in the state is in in now. All in all it is a great game definetly worth playing.  Now on and buy then not sleep for 3 days because of it.
,Recommended,588650,31802544,Posted: 17 May,all,Martea,"Awesome game, gets inspiration from Castlevania/Prince of persia/metroid mixup, really enjoy the random ish instances, and heck of a fun gameplay!, its really good level of difficulty in the game which makes the game hard and fair.If your a metroidvania/darksouls fan this is the game for you."
76561197969345222,Recommended,588650,34076059,Posted: 6 August,all,whatifiwas,"This game has procedurally generated sections of each level but because of how the levels are designed, I never felt like it worked against the game. Incredible variety in gameplay between weapons and skills. It has rogue-lite elements so as you play, you still get stronger each run. Uses a ""rally"" system to recover health by attacking enemies if you were recently damanged.Overall this game has a great gameplay loop with a well thought out design. Would absolutely recommend"
,Recommended,588650,32734219,Posted: 24 June,all,M3gadeuce,"This game is early access, but it's already one of the best indie games I've ever played. It's basically dark souls + symphony of the night. Whenever you upgrade your unlocks, etc, a lot of the upgrades you get are permanent and carry over to the next run, which already makes you feel like your last run was not wasted. The combat feels amazing too, especially learning how to dodge and block enemies. And the controls are just solid and extrememly satisfying to use. Everything really feels balanced. I really do look forward to what the full product is going to look like.Take in mind also that this review is coming from someone who's usual policy is to steer clear of early access games."
76561198071886298,Recommended,588650,33276206,Posted: 5 July,all,moon.shade.tsuki,"A nice, refreshing take on today's standars of ""you-play-you-win, everyone's got a medal"" culture. Just like a healthy, zen anti-frustration self-improvement practice, assuming you can handle it and avoid ragequitting.A great game, overall."
76561198026466413,Recommended,588650,33557821,Posted: 15 July,all,Charles McLovelyman,"I dont find myself seeking metroidvania games and honestly just picked this up on a whim because I hadn't played a new game in months.Oh my goodness, I-CANT-STOP-THINKING-ABOUT-THIS-GAME.For only being in early access, the content is super rich and the background story keeps me thinking about the game world and how everything came to be the way it is. The mechanics are tight and items/weapons are interesting to use, especially in combos. The thing I think that is so great about this game is that it rewards you; each time you play though you get a little better and get to know the enemies.Thank you Motion Twin for creating such a well balanced and compelling game!"
76561198004435813,Recommended,588650,34191973,Posted: 12 August,all,Shanori,"For an early access game that's only 40%-50% finished right now, this game is fantastic.  Lots of re-playability and lots of fun.  If you enjoy Dark Souls and Rogue-Likes, this is the game for you.  It's essentially a 2-D action platformer Dark Souls rogue-like with a permanent upgrade/unlock system reminiscent of Rogue Legacy.  The only issue is that there are a few annoying bugs, but this is to be expected of an early access game.  The developers listen to community feedback and suggestions and update the game fairly regularly.  The combat is very fast-paced and enjoyable and the variety of available weapons and skills keeps things fresh with more to come.  If the game didn't have bugs and were a full release as it is right now, it would still be a worthwhile purchase, but since it's still only half done, it has a ton of potential to be absolutely amazing.  I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,588650,33942312,Posted: 31 July,all,Pine Sol is Flammable*,9 hours in and I already can tell that this game will keep me entertained for another couple hundred hours
,Recommended,588650,31679356,Posted: 11 May,all,Tarradax,"I recently finished Salt and Sanctuary to 100% and was looking for something new along those lines - and then this comes along. Perfect.The only downside on this very well-polished and fun game is that it's pretty short as it is now. Just a bit over 5 hours to beat all the currently available content............ 70 hours later, this is my favorite casual platformer. I've been recording my runs, so you can check this awesome game out for yourself:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwVx-DMvGXw_3bBM-ZiSZhk1c-0dtunau"
,Recommended,588650,31678396,Posted: 10 May,all,Ałмαgeđđøи,"Bought it for the Scooby Doo bat Cameo, was not disappointed."
,Recommended,588650,31687357,Posted: 11 May,all,Kypt,"Great game, combat is snappy yet each weapon has it's own heft to it.  This is the first ""roguelike"" I've really gotten into and despite losing all levels and weapons on death you still get a level of progression between runs due to runes, blueprints, etc that crossover between them.  I'm looking forward to how early access helps shape this game."
,Recommended,588650,32548464,Posted: 18 June,all,Seitan's Fingers,An exceedingly worthy entry to an overcrowded genre.  The best combination of mechanics since Rogue Legacy.
,Recommended,588650,33027365,Posted: 30 June,all,bogikidd,"Pretty nice game, keep going!"
76561197967730414,Recommended,588650,32605349,Posted: 20 June,all,=HGW= Free Kill,This is on track to be my game of the year and it's still in early access.
76561198002146979,Not Recommended,588650,31848934,Posted: 19 May,all,panzersnapdragon,"I like the core mechanics of this game a LOT. I just don't think they come together as a compelling game. The meta of collect items and stats, progress through level, unlock more items, die and start over just isn't fun, it's tedious. This sort of loop works in other rogue-likes, or in Dark Souls, because you either don't have to worry about your overall stats/level in a run, or those stats/levels are persistent through death. Dead Cells feels like it tries to walk in the middle of a rogue-like and a souls-like, with long levels, branching paths, difficult encounters and meaningful character progression, but with the rogue-like perma-death restart mechanic basically cancelling all those compelling ideas out. It's like if you were playing Dark Souls, and every time you died to Ornstein and Smough you had to start back at Firelink Shrine, and you couldn't even think about progressing again until you'd explored every corner of the Undead Burg to make sure you got your basic stats up to a useable level. I like run-based rogue-likes a lot, and I like longer-form progression RPGs like Dark Souls a lot, and I think a good mix of the two is possible, but Dead Cells isn't there yet.Edit on 5/22/17: I've continued thinking about the game after uninstalling it, and I think that if I were to suggest an improvement, I'd say that taking a levelling approach more like that of Nuclear Throne would vastly improve the game. Rather than searching the levels for stat upgrades, if you earned xp for killing the enemies, or if the game counted the number of cells you'd collected at the end of a level and awarded you levels based on that which allowed you to increase stats between zones, it would speed up and streamline the stat system IMMENSELY. I really think that the need to completely explore every map, every time you die, in order to get your stats to the bare minimum to continue progressing, is this game's fatal flaw."
,Recommended,588650,32358662,Posted: 11 June,all,puzzlefox,"I've been looking for a good Castlevania: Symphony of the Night clone for years...This game is it. Couldn't be happier. This game is a lot of fun and really challenging. The game's atmosphere and story feels like Dark Souls, The gameplay feels like Castlevania: SotN, The fast-paced-ness and health regen feels like Bloodborne, Overall, really good game. I can't wait for future updates!"
76561197968491344,Recommended,588650,33391674,Posted: 8 July,all,Zetsurin,"If you like Dark Souls, and or Risk of Rain there is a really good chance you'll love this game."
,Recommended,588650,31715416,Posted: 12 May,all,Thefabledgamer,It's like Rogue Legacy with better combat and more items and weapons. Most addicting game I've played in a while.
,Recommended,588650,32894709,Posted: 27 June,all,DavrK,"Gorgeous art style, great gameplay and also pretty damn hard!10/10"
76561198005687451,Recommended,588650,32137842,Posted: 2 June,all,Bloodzat,"Absolutely amazing game.  Metro meets dark souls meets rogue legacy is best way I would describe it. Even in early access I would put it at the top with my indie hit list of Spelunky, Meat Boy, Rogue Legacy, Nuclear throne etc..I would warn it can be difficult, but as long as your looking for a challenge I dare you to not enjoy this game."
76561197996671323,Recommended,588650,33564102,Posted: 15 July,all,MugPal,This game can be described as Rogue legacy + Castlevania + Dark Souls. It is an awsome game. Will most likely suck you in for hours at a time. It has replaced Binding of Isaac as my go to game. Can not recommend it enough.
,Recommended,588650,32568862,Posted: 19 June,all,Izzatso?,"1st this is the most Fun i had with an EA TitleDead Cells is the marriage of Random generated Metroidvania Levels combined with an rogue lite Dark Souls 2D Combat.It's unforgivingIt's Hard as NailsIt's AWESOMEThe Gameplay:You have three Routes through the Maze: Easy, Medium, Hard to reach the first Boss.Every Route Mini Boss gives you a Rune with new Skills to better navigate the Dungeon.I'm 9 Hours in and have not beat him once...Killing Foes gives you Dead Cells... and Blueprints for mighty Weapons & SkillsYou can buy and level up Weapons and Skills with the Cells.But the Weapons / Skills can only found during a Run or bought by shady Shopkeepers.Meaning you grind the three Routes to gather Cells...And with every Run (if you Die you Start from Scratch) you getting better at navigating the Maze....This is a huge *only one more Run* and suddenly it's late @ night...The Game is even in EA State very playable with tight controllsAs an EA Title i give it a meager 10/10 and as a finished Product i think it will be a 11/10 or an 12/10and with that its an instant Classic that challenges Castlevania: Symphony of the Night for theMetroidvania Throne...Seriously it's a Steal for 17€ and one of the best Games of 2017 so farBest Regards and Fun from Sunny Tropic Zermany"
,Recommended,588650,31815239,Posted: 17 May,all,Segolia,"Initial impressions are fantastic, so much so that I wanted to leave a review (which I'll likely update once I inevitably sink more time into this game)Pros:Visually Stunning. The pixel art is delicious, excellent design and a super smooth animation and particle system. This game is constantly a joy to look at)Runs well. Game is buttery smooth, even when there's a lot going on, and feels super responsiveFast-paced and intensive combat. They've really nailed the combat, everything feels visceral, impactful and above all intuitive(seemingly) lots of content. From what I can tell in my short playtime there's definitely enough interesting gear, enemies and progression to justify the current asking price, let alone the planned amount of content (apparently about double what is currently in the game)Good controller support. For a game that runs better with a gamepad this is a must. Even with my DS4 using bluetooth on my PC it worked out of the box, with no finnicky remappings (which I typically have trouble with in most other games).Cons:Exploration aspect is weak. Although it's touted on the store page as being more exploration than a typical roguelike I haven't found this to be true. The game is divided into stages which, although randomly generated, don't seem to change much. The abilities which unlock new areas aren't used in combat at all, just things which let you navigate the level in ways which were arbitrarily impossible before (eg. you can grow a vine at a spot on the floor to climb a tall shaft). This seems to open up branching progressions of stages at least, but it's no large open world.Some situations feel imbalanced. Such is the nature of roguelikes that you'll get shafted by items on some runs, but there's certain configurations of enemies and hazards which feel impossibly difficult to take on without specific kinds of items (eg. I found some flying enemies extremely difficult to hit with particular weapons) - in the sense of ""even if I were skilled it would be impossible for me to proceed without taking heavy damage unless I had <item>""Overall well worth the asking price even now, and demonstrating a very high level of polish, this game feels like a complete package and puts other early access titles to shame. This is a must play if you are a fan of the rogue-like and action platformer genres of games. Hold off if you want something exploration focused, however."
,Recommended,588650,31671127,Posted: 10 May,all,SunKuda,"Got it right away on releasePixle art and animation is amazing ,Movments have style to them making combat enjoyableVerity of weapons is breath taking (Alot i havent discovered, i found mostly shields and not a shield user)All sorts of different Supers or tech i guess you might want to call it ( acts of a form of magic, bombs, etc)A lot of content fot 17.99 would have paid 20$ no doubt in my mindIf your a souls fan or rouge like fan stop reading this and click that buy now you wont regret itIts Difficult be aware if you like difficult games this is where you stop looking trust me"
,Recommended,588650,33368558,Posted: 8 July,all,aph1 ✪,Best Early Access Game 2017GOTY 2018
76561198180968525,Recommended,588650,34075366,Posted: 6 August,all,Fryzeur_lacrima,"Pretty nice game but i infortunetly can't beat the watcher because it ram to much , i wish i could lower the Graphic because of my♥♥♥♥♥♥pc."
76561197979224926,Recommended,588650,31760737,Posted: 14 May,all,Jukusei,Love the combat.  The dodge mechanic leads to intense fights
76561198012901546,Recommended,588650,31710573,Posted: 12 May,all,nataS,Just one Word... AWESOME! best roguelike i ever played!
76561198038905471,Recommended,588650,31752799,Posted: 14 May,all,komoriblues,"Dead Cells offers you everything and cherishes its own experience. Dead Cells is ooze. Dead Cells is slime. Dead cells is spot on. There's ""something"" extra behind this game that's so much more than green goo. Dead Cells will change you. Enjoy this game! SOYLENT GREEN IS PEOPLE!"
,Recommended,588650,34205864,Posted: 12 August,all,Shadow,"Pro(s):- Level designs are nice (from normal monsters to bosses)- Fast paced gameplay which requires both brain and hands work together- Procedural level generation that makes every level more challenging- Easy to learn, items have their own descriptions, controls aren't that confusing- You can personalise ""your own character"" to beat the game- Extreme difficultyCon(s):- Could've been added extra elements/effects to make the game more lively- There's only one character that looks so boring- It's too hard for someone new to this game- Several bugs"
,Not Recommended,588650,31873490,Posted: 20 May,all,William Tell,"Dead Cells starts off strong, but then some issues become very apparent as you go forward.A Roguelike Metroidvania - I feel it tries to satisfy both, but in the end the experience takes away from itself. The 'secrets' are trivial, and the split paths all point towards pretty much the same place. There is no satisfaction of exploration to be had here. The upgrading elements are compelling but without the enjoyable journey, the grind becomes very tedious. Elites offer next to no reason for being engaged, there is no thrill to be had from a difficult fight, save for keeping all your currencies intact.Combat is well done. You are rewarded for good play and punished for mistakes. It is fluid and responsive, with a myriad of weapons that all have different styles and attack patterns and strengths and weaknesses that force you to adapt to what the game gives you. As a rougelike, this is pretty par for the course. The problem herein lies in the attachment.I have no attachment to the game, or the combat, or the story, or the items, or the upgrades.  Death is trivial and it is easy to rinse and repeat. This title is better off spent as a 10 minute time waster a-la-arcade fashion than something that to dedicate any serious play time to."
76561198014886459,Not Recommended,588650,34399710,Posted: 21 August,all,Foxbutt,"I really wanted to like this game.Just google 'Dead Cells Stuttering' and you'll see why I can't.No posted solutions, and a large number of players are experiencing these issues. In a game where split-second action is key, stuttering makes it unplayable. This may not happen for every user, but be wary when purchasing. It didn't happen for me when I started playing, but after a few runs it does every time now. Such a shame. :["
76561198093593023,Recommended,588650,31674469,Posted: 10 May,all,irishpunk37,"Rogue Lite Done RighThe dificult in the game was just perfect! it never felt unfair and at the same time, it is not ""easy""... is not a cheap dificult style of gameplay! you are really rewarded for skills and Personal experience in the game.it's like a ""souls"" game dificult... but with rogue lite/like elements that keep the game fresh!maybe there is one area or another that felt a little repetitive even with the Rogue style, but the great art work keeps you going...the soundtrack is another thing that is a little repetitive... but is also good!There is even a metroidvania felling in the game, with teleport portals if you want to backtrackIf you enjoy games with fair dificult and rogue like/lite elements with great sense of progress, this is a great game for you!hope the developers keep the good work!"
76561197972142968,Recommended,588650,31711379,Posted: 12 May,all,Chiken_Sammich,"Worth every last cent. Dead Cells isn't even close to finished yet it's more polished & impressive than anything else in EA. I literally didn't go to work today, because I thought, ""Hell I'll give this a 10 minute look & head out."" 10 minutes, quickly turned into 3.5 hours well spent."
,Recommended,588650,31693174,Posted: 11 May,all,DigitalMily (✿◠‿◠),Simply incredible! I love everything about this game.
,Recommended,588650,31694688,Posted: 11 May,all,Cpl. Hicks,It's a 2-D Roguelike Dark Souls... and it's AWESOME!
76561197999866270,Recommended,588650,31706693,Posted: 12 May,all,Wykstromius,"I recommend this game with a couple caveats:1.  It is TOO good to be anything less than a proper Metroidvania, and I hope the devs consider making a true Metroidvania.2.  The insta-warp elites that one shot you has GOT to go.  It's ridiculous and in no way balanced.  I've been killed several times by this cheapshot attack because they can phase through the ground and immediately strike you.3.  The upgrade system is flawed in a very strange and unrewarding way.  You level up weapons, but there's no guarantee you'll find them  on a playthrough.  I believe this should be addressed by allowing you to spawn any weapon you've upgraded for a cost, either orbs or gold.Aside from these issues, I think it's a brilliant game that falls just short of amazing.  If there was less focus on roguelike, which to be honest is a baffling trend with platformers, and more focus on a metroidvania with a strong narrative, I strongly believe this game could be GOTY material.  It has the graphics, the smooth gameplay, and for the most part the right level of challenge and discovery to make this title shine."
,Recommended,588650,31714594,Posted: 12 May,all,pH. mmSNAKE,"This is Early Access impressions, not a full review. The game really caught my attention by being something I don't see very often (or maybe not at all?) a rouge like metroidvania. Though to be precise it's more of a rogue lite game, regardless. Lots of attempts lately to combine various games with rogue like elemnts, and not all of them successful. This game so far is fantastic.It will take a bit to explain how everything works. As you start your run all levels are procedurally generated. The layout of an area is random. However the other places the area links to is not. So for example the starting area will always, regardless of rng be connected to the same 3 other areas. To access some of these areas you will need items, just like in other metroidvania games. When you get the item it stays with you regardless if you die or not. So you keep your progress in regards which areas are accessible. It works very well. The only thing I'm not sure at this point is if you can backtrack. it would be nice to be able to do so but so far I haven't been able to actually return the way I came into an area.As you go through levels you collect gold, power cells and equipment. Power cells are used to permenantly upgrade your character, unlocking new weapons and items which can from then on out spawn in the world, increasing their power. Also upgrade how much gold you keep after death, how many charges your health vial has (estus flask essentially) and so forth. You carry two weapons and two items. Items are essentially powers with a slight cooldown, while weapons can be melee, ranged or shields. There is a wide variety of stuff here and some really neat combinations that work together. Assassin's dagger for example combined with phaser gives you really crazy backstab damage. Damage buff item combined with rapier, twin daggers or infantry crossbow can also really give some great results. There are lots of combinations to mix and match. As you go you can find better ranks of weapons, besides just having increased damage they also get random stats which can completely change how you play. You can get something like: deals double damage when enemy is on fire. All this leaves for some really neat combinations and possibilities.When you die you lose your stat progress, your items and weapons and you start over. You can buy a permenant upgrade to get  a random melee, bow and shield at the start of your run (from pool you have unlocked).Enemies seem to be varried. They will take different approaches and tactics, keeping you on your toes. As the nature of these games you can get into a position where you will just get plain stomped. There are elite enemies which will take some effort to kill but they always guarantee a drop. There are two bosses as well at the moment.So far this is early in development. Something like a year more until release. The game honestly shows great promise and I haven't been this thrilled  by an EA game since Valdis Story: Abyssal City.Overall I'll keep my eye out for progress and eventually append these impressions. So far the game is outstanding and all I can say is keep up the good work."
,Recommended,588650,31734098,Posted: 13 May,all,spydr101,"Despite being in early access, the gameplay is extremely fun and polished.  Each weapon and skill stands out on its own, and higher levels of them have various properties that can create interesting combos.  Stacking skills to bleed enemies and a weapon that deals additional damage to bleeding enemies feels very rewarding if RNG blesses you with the right item combo.  If you were previously a fan of Rogue Legacy, or Unepic you'll surely love this game.There are a few bugs I've encountered so far - like falling through the floor (happened just once in 5 hours of playing).  If you feel like minor glitches or bugs may put you off on this game, then I would suggest keeping a close eye on the patches and releases, because this is a game rougelike fans will not want to miss."
,Recommended,588650,31726915,Posted: 13 May,all,[KP] Hamburgosa :3,"Welcome to a game where you're going to die all time!Learn from your deaths while you explore an unknown endless dungeon!Get cool upgrades for your weapons and skills, so you can get further and further away!Kill people and see their blood squirt on your face!Get cursed and die in one hit!Try out new skill combinations!Have an intell graphics card, and have some ""special"" gameplay!You get the idea, just buy the game allready."
,Recommended,588650,31713712,Posted: 12 May,all,Lunaticked,"Pretty early first impression on this one. I don't want a refund. I usually don't go for EA stuff, but all the crazy positive reviews made me take the leap.The combat is polished AF and every single time I die, I know it was my fault. I can't blame the game for any of my deaths.That's what I rarely find in this kind of game. RNG will affect me to a degree, but I have not yet felt screwed by bad loot, or by unbalanced placement of traps or enemies.I do hope they add more scattered lore elements, because what little snippets I've gotten so far are interesting, and I can't wait to hear more of the soundtrack as I go on. Something about it makes me nostalgic for PS1 era soundtracks, if that makes any sense.I'm not even sure if anyone on my friends list is even keen on ""difficult, but not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t platformers"" like this, but eh. I feel like giving this game the praise it already deserves. If the devs dropped the project -today-, I'd still feel like it was worth my cash."
76561198025630643,Recommended,588650,31714049,Posted: 12 May,all,Pedro,This game is amazing.
,Recommended,588650,31714254,Posted: 12 May,all,AwesomeD,Extremely polished for an Early Access game. This game is amazing. Can't wait to see what else they have planned for this game and future projects.
76561198004818636,Recommended,588650,31714422,Posted: 12 May,all,Vic Vinegar,"First time in years a game actually delivered,"
76561198077438583,Recommended,588650,31709364,Posted: 12 May,all,Anim17,"Generally the game is very good, the combat super comfortable and very well done, the movement is great, the objects are original and to be an early acces has enough. The game is not extremely difficult, at first you get used to super fast controls (at least with command) and the enemies taking certain situations in which you have very little life maximum do not bring unfair damage, if you notice that I have been killed more times The elite that the bosses, that are put to your side makes it very difficult to fight and they do too much damage so that they do this tp and they beat to you without that you can avoid. Other than that I love it, in my opinion it's a 9/10."
,Recommended,588650,31667970,Posted: 10 May,all,ADDcoolio,"At the time of writing this game, I've played 30 minutes, I've stayed until 2am my time waiting for this game to release, my hopes getting higher and higher as the clock ticked to the time of release. And this time, I've thoroughly enjoyed. I recommend this amazing game to anyone that likes roguelikes, metroidvanias or dark-souls style video games."
76561198171724973,Recommended,588650,31688598,Posted: 11 May,all,PValBlanc,"First and Foremost, walk into this review knowing two things:-I am writing this the day after it was released for early access, so if you're reading this later it is more than likely things will have changed some.-I haven't completed the game, I've about 13 hours of gameplay logged, but I did want to get my first impressions out there quickly.Being a perma-death rogue-lite game, the main and most important aspect is the gameplay, and that's been pretty much knocked out of the park. It's fast paced and responsive, controls are tight and the mechanics pretty diverse. The combat is a blast, and it's challenging without being frustrating.Speaking of Challenge. The game has a pretty good difficulty curve. You can get progress done without having to grind a bunch of unlocks early, as the early levels are significantly easier than the later ones, and as you progress, means to bypass the easier stuff in favour of harder content quickly become available, so you don't have to slog through the easy levels every time if you don't want to. Paths fork and you can get to the same points in progress through different levels, which is a nice option to have and cuts down and the repetitivity that can weigh down rogue-lites a lot. Exploration nets you better buffs and gear, so if you're less comfortable with the combat system you can take your time and explore, or you can plow through the levels at full speed, which will be harder, but still manageable. In short, I think the game does a good job at managing its difficulty.As for content: I'm thriteen hours in and I've yet to see everything the game has to offer. I do consistently get past the first of the two bosses, so I assume that is more or less the halfway point. Better gamers than me will likely get further faster. I'm not the best at this, but with many hundred hours of dark souls under my belt, I'm not bad either. If my assumption is correct and the first boss is the halfway mark, then I'm certain some will feel that the game is a little short. If you tend to measure the value of a game by how long it takes to clear it once, you may find yourself frustrated with the current state of content. That said, if you enjoy this type of game for the gameplay and tend to come back to them even after having cleared them once, then it shouldn't be an issue. The devs have also stated they want to effectively double the content before final release, and I do hope they succeed in doing so as that would work out to ridiculous value for content.I mentioned Dark Souls didn't I? The elephant in the room. I love the combat of this game quite a bit. But I don't see the parallel with anything Souls. I mean sure, enemies are pattern based and there's a dodgeroll, but that's hardly exclusive to souls as a concept. So if you're really looking for 2D souls, you probably want Salt and Sanctuary. However, I like this game much more than Salt and Sanctuary, probably because it isn't trying so hard to be 2D Dark Souls. I get why anyone who has a game that may be a little difficult might want to compare it Souls nowadays given that the niche will be looking for new material. And at the end of the day, I don't think this is Souls in any way, yet I am a Dark Souls player, and I did love this, so perhaps I am just nitpicking.While we're on the subject of genre comparisons, you can't compare a game to metroidvania without inviting scrutiny of level design, as that's the main distinguishing factor of the genre. Surprisingly it checks a lot of boxes. I wasn't sure how procedural generation would work out in that context, but it ends up okay. The generation isn't fully random, each level has some patterns that are pre-determined (which exit is locked behind what mechanic, general locations of main features are frequently in similar spots, time-gated doors tend to stick to the same areas...). It gives the world some measure of consistency which does allow for some better level design overall than pure random generation. It cuts down on the dead ends and strange navigation issues. It also makes it easier to find your way to where you want to go, if that's a pro or a con, I leave up to your personal preference. Secret doors and breakable walls seem to be much more random, which keeps you looking.Early Access. That can be two worrying words. The devs seem to have prioritised mechanics over content for their early access product. I won't say there are no bugs, but I've played finished games with bigger issues. Frequently. I can't speak for everyone, but through my time of gameplay so far, I've encountered nothing that cost me a run. Some minor things pop up every now and then if you're paying attention. A glitch forcing me to restart a level is the worse that happened, and that only happened twice. On a second day of Early Access release, I'd say that's pretty good. When the screen is extremely busy with a lot of movement, the scrolling stutters a little, I barely notice, but if you're very bugged by graphical details of the like, be aware of it.Tl;Dr, This game is a blast and it's surprisingly polished for an Early Access game. I heartily recommend you give this game a chance if the genre appeals to you, as I think these devs are on to something and deserve a shot. I certainly don't regret my purchase."
,Recommended,588650,31695792,Posted: 11 May,all,๖ۣۜCheshire๖ۣۜCat,"Very addictive, replayable, and casual game. Makes you frustrated but in the best way possible. A ton of really cool weapons and skills. 100% would recommend."
76561198055818365,Recommended,588650,33226631,Posted: 4 July,all,Shadowkitty,"Extremely satisfying title to pick up, for fans of either platformers or Roguelikes.. Doubling up if you're into both.I'm partial to more RPG-styled Platformers myself, but I still love this game.  The mechanics are tight and responsive, work well with the controller support, and feel great. The graphics have an appealing style which really gives a sense of flow and speed to the gameplay.  The enemies and environments are well designed.  Everything that really matters about the gameplay is great.The only real reason to dislike this game is if you dislike the genre's it exists in. Otherwise it does most everything right."
,Recommended,588650,33206468,Posted: 3 July,all,daemonf1re,"Alright, I'll just finish off this one level.One hour later...Damn, RNG was not kind to me on that run, but hey... I got all these perma-upgrades for my next run. I'll just play for a little longer.Time passes...I am so OP right now. I can kill anything. I have to pee really bad but it's not worth putting this game down. I'm unstoppable right now, so I'll clear this level and then call it a night.In a nutshell, this game is addicting, and you learn and get better every time you die. When you die, it's your own fault for either being too reckless or for spamming the attack button and hoping for an easy victory over that elite enemy. It's a genuine fair challenge.I never play games like this, and I'm having a blast. I've only got 4 hours played? Many more hours to come. Well worth the price.Great graphics, great music, fluid controls, therarebug here and there, and cool boss fights."
,Recommended,588650,33031229,Posted: 30 June,all,cursedpoetic,"Wow. What a ride. I can't put down the controller! Easily the most addictive game I have played since FTL. I highly recommend you check it out. The game play is smooth as butter, and the retro platformer style suits it very well."
,Recommended,588650,33032297,Posted: 30 June,all,Wendy's Brothel,9/11 would prompt sticky keys and die again.
,Recommended,588650,31834316,Posted: 18 May,all,Cummies,"TL;DR review.  Dead Cells is amazing, fluid combat, amazing animations, one of my favourite art styles and a great soundtrack. Definitely worth the money.P.S Don't rage quit when you are in the zone then a stray projectile comes at you ;)"
,Recommended,588650,33050687,Posted: 30 June,all,Godfrey of Bouillon,"Fantastic game! Satisfying combat, beautiful graphics, and a rewarding progression system."
76561197970497089,Recommended,588650,33010105,Posted: 29 June,all,Luofu,fun game. Good metoidvania rouge-lite games are rare. this is a good one.
,Recommended,588650,33021932,Posted: 29 June,all,Resonate as a Sound,"A solid metroidvania / roguelike, that literally throws you into the thick of it. Gives you flexibility and forces you to adapt to what the game throws at you. Cant believe the amount of time ive already spent in this game."
76561198040652347,Recommended,588650,33020978,Posted: 29 June,all,OneThatDies,"I do not want to get into the habit of thumbing upEarly Access Gameswhen/if I review a game, but for this game I will break my personal rule forDead Cells by Motion Twin.I've played for about 6.6 hours (going by steam) as from writing this review.I boughtDead Cellshere to“try”it and if I didn't like it I would refund it. I guess by the thumbs up & by 6.6 hours in the game, you can clearly see this did not happen. I boughtDead Cellsat the summer sale of 2017 for 14.44 US Dollars, which is right now as of writing this, & I do know you could get this cheaper at this moment, however for once I do not regret paying more for a game at all.Dead Cellsis a2D, Plat-former, pixel-graphicwithSouls-lite/Rogue-like/Rogue-lite/Rogue-vaniaelements.In this game you will die a lot, but this is really the whole point. Though you may die, you should get better and better at the game & go further into the game after each time you die; though this depends on you & the fact you can both good & bad runs.The game doesn’t feel to unfair, so far; you can cheese some fights though. However, I’ve read there is a ********* monsters in one of the levels but there is usually at least one monster in a game; mind you I have yet to find them but I don’t look forward to finding them either...Remember those basilisks from Dark Souls? I would hope so they’re *********.There is an end-game, going by from what I read, but I can’t say much since I’m sill a Shrub Noob & yet to get to that point.Now for the controls, I’ve been playing it with Keyboard & Mouse & it works great.Dead Cellsdoes says it recommends a game-pad, but there really isn’t anything wrong with Keyboard & Mouse controls; at least for me.The combat has a nice feeling to it, it supposed to since it has Soul-Lite Combat, and I love slicing and dicing those monsters to itty-bitty pieces. Who doesn't like to murder innocent monsters & turn them into guts & gore? Aside from those that don’t of course.There is a ton of weapons/skills to unlock; when you unlock something it starts to appear in the world or it’s something your character now forever.Dead Cellsworld is a 2D, beautiful Pixel-Art, Plat-Former. I don’t know what else can be said about this.There is some nice monster designs in this game, & I rather like them. They also may change from level to level; you get new monsters &/or even the normal monsters get a little upgrade here and there from what I’ve seen. For example a common monster you will fight, if you go into X level they will get a small upgrade by when you kill them bunch of maggots will pop out of the corpse… Nasty little things I tell ya.I haven't really gotten that far into the game really, & with 6.6 hours into the game some may just skip over this review. With that said, I would advise those who wish to buy this game to look at Video/Streams/Reviews ofDead Cellssince not everyone likes these types of games. Also, if any of what I said in this review you dislike/hate then this game may-not be for you.EDIT: Forgot one thing, this is anEarly Access Titleso this may be common for you to do/see/whatever (at this time) -Start Over (Again), Bugs (varying degrees), Funny things, Exploits, OP Items/Monsters, Weak Items/Monsters, and everything that isEarly Access."
,Recommended,588650,33016517,Posted: 29 June,all,Gaerlim,"Don't even bother to read the ""Why early access?"" part even in early access game has a a lot of content(a lot more than some finished games), and is a blast to play. In fact I loved the game so much I ended up buying a controller just to play this."
,Recommended,588650,33020808,Posted: 29 June,all,Xyren,Mindblowingly satisfying game that is getting frequent updates. By far the best roguelike I have ever played.
,Recommended,588650,33020428,Posted: 29 June,all,rubendehaas,"22 hours cycle--- Start ---[ x ] 1st area[ x ] 2nd area[ x ] 3rd area[ x ] Boss dude -> rekt--- End ---^ Back to startI have not been able to even pass the first boss.Yes... I suck. Do I care? No.Why?Because it is fun and replayability plays a big role in that.- Graphics are on point- Gameplay is smooth and fast paced if you choose to play that way.- A lot of itemsIf you are up for a challenge go for it. It's fun, that's all that should matter."
,Recommended,588650,33022999,Posted: 29 June,all,Admiral Grifffrog,Do you ever get that feeling of déjà vu?
,Recommended,588650,33017498,Posted: 29 June,all,Aldy_Burton,"For anyone who enjoys rogue-like games, this is a must buy.While it may start somewhat simple, the game ramps up in punishments after your first death. Permanent loss of loot, currency, and ""xp"" style upgrade points really puts you on the edge of your seat as you are battling 5 enemies at once in a condensed sewer.Randomly generated dungeons, random special ""perks"" on weapons and equipment, and a constant reverting to a beginner state drive you to push further in your journey.The game reminds me very strongly of Rogue Legacy, so if you are a fan of that, be sure to pick this up as well."
76561198071367953,Recommended,588650,32840381,Posted: 26 June,all,xKumei,"I love almost everything about this game. The only complaints I have are: 1. It seems like unlocking every item would put you at a disavantage. If you only have the best weapons unlucked, those are the only ones that will drop. 2. The game is kind of short due to being in early access. This isn't too much of a problem considering the game is a rogue-lte. A standard run can take from 20 minutes to an hour, depending on which biomes you choose to explore and how much you explore them.That being said, Motion Twin is regularly updating their game, often including community suggested feedback. The game is definitely worth playing now and that will only become more true in the coming months up to the full release."
76561198019742740,Recommended,588650,33026019,Posted: 29 June,all,Thunder_3k,"A fantastic game. Tight controls, great soundtrack, gorgeous visuals that really show that 2d games can still be stunning. Does need some work on certain enemies and balancing, and of course more to be added since it's in early access. I'd reccomend this to anyone who enjoys rogue likes or metroidvanias."
,Recommended,588650,32402029,Posted: 13 June,all,Shadowfox,"Gotta hand it to the devs --- You guys have done a FANTASTIC job with this! Can't believe it's 'only' an EA game! I'm glad I got it! Keep up the excellent work!!For anyone on the fence about Dead Cells --- Get it! Get it now!! And remember, dying is half the fun!"
76561198142910895,Recommended,588650,32117933,Posted: 1 June,all,TheExinityProject,Game is amazing very few things i don't like
,Recommended,588650,33030788,Posted: 30 June,all,✪ Jonezyy-iwnl-,"AMAZINGI picked this game up 2days ago for 15% off, This game is like a mix of dark souls, Castlevania and some of the best rougue lite games out there. You end up dying a lot and have to go through the same place over and over again, but it's some how different every time and never gets repetitive, you seem to learn and fix the errors you made so that it gets easier and easier until you have fixed your errors.This gives it a lot of replay value and hours upon end of grinding and repeat the bosses over and over again.Although I've only played 7 hours this game has a lot more content to it and will have me grinding the game for a lot longer!A lot more content to come as it's still early accessA multitude of weapons, skills and runesVery addictiveWorth $16.99(very reasonable price)"
,Recommended,588650,31895837,Posted: 21 May,all,Retro,I honestly can't add anything that hasn't already been said in many better ways.I will however say this is going to reach Rogue Lagacy levels of popularity and may even surpass it due to it's combat gameplay.
76561197965976363,Recommended,588650,31735584,Posted: 13 May,all,Pharahmedic,"Honestly, this doesn't feel like an Early Access game. It feels finished and comes with flawless gameplay."
,Recommended,588650,31781189,Posted: 15 May,all,Kiro,"YEP, FINALLY BINDING OF ISAAC AND DARK SOULS HAD A 2D BABY."
76561198011263543,Recommended,588650,31791487,Posted: 16 May,all,SurgeOfDestiny \[T]/,"Though I am in the very early hours of Dead cells, I can already tell that it is just a phenominal game. It feels complete and is only in beta. The controls are tight, the difficulty is brutal but not rediculous. I feel rewarded when I get farther each time. They have mastered the Rogue formula and mixed it with Metroidvania Perfectly. I HIGHLY reccommend Dead cells, Even in this early access state.Personal side note, I made the decision to learn this game with Mouse keyboard, I usually play with controller on rogue style games, but I have found the extra difficulty very rewarding. Plus the way the game plays with mouse and keyboard really makes it feel like it was made for it."
76561198002072368,Recommended,588650,31703800,Posted: 12 May,all,Shynkx,"First of all, I didn't play a lot of Roguevania like game so I'm not the best to make points on these type of games, just sharing my interest and opinions on the game!Dead Cells, even in early access is amazing!The first time I died and sent back to the beginning with nothing I was like *dafuq*?So I try to find the sword I had again but with no luck, I only found some special items(Ice bomb and a flashbang)So...I didn't last long!To say, when you die, the game start over but you keep the power ups that you got with the cells!So far I only got to the Ossuary(5 stage if I remember) and god I hate it so much that I love it!The soundtrack is amazing and never got tired of it!A lot of weapons to choose from(love the whip, feel like castlevania)lot of special items(Ice bomb, flash bomb, kunais, traps and more)There are elite monsters(harder version of a normal monster) that can drop stronger lvl version of a weapon or special items.There are permanent items that are useful for exploration that you keep even when you die!There is a good difficulty on this game and even when I died a good number of times, I wasnt mad about restarting, you just keep boosting your powers with the new cells you'll find!I totally recommend this game for those that are fans of Roguevania like games!!Full game will be even more good!"
76561198072763002,Recommended,588650,31794095,Posted: 16 May,all,Andy Garcia,"I don't like Indies and I certainly don't like Early Access, this game is both things and I love it.If you are reading this then you probably have seen the positives and the negatives, they are fairly well outlined within the community and its just to wait and see how the developers react to the feedback. (My experience with Early Access leads me to believe to not to expect anything, but who knows this game may yet again defy expectations)The game feels right, blends several elements right and its worth looking over for fans of the genre(s), but its not a game I would recommend to everyone as is  the nature of all roguelikes."
76561198043767915,Recommended,588650,31892492,Posted: 21 May,all,razorzZzZz,"(update):less than a month after the EA release the elemental update is already adding lots of nice items, more item attributes and quality of life stuff (map things/stats.) if future updates are this impactfull this EA game will be soooooooooooo good by the time it's done.Now that i bought this the wait for bloodstained and chasm is going to be a lot easier.For something that still has months and months of dev time left it's the funnest metroid-vania or rouge-lite i've played in a while.. finished or not.pixel graphics and environmental animations really cool in most areas already. Random item attributes on all the stuff you pick up are great too (quad jump anyone?).can't wait to see all the new stuff they add by release time.my one complaint is the speed run doors... as someone that likes to kill everything and make sure every piece of loot is found, playing a game like this that has doors that require you to ingnore everything fun about the game just to get to them is horrible..."
76561198109223681,Recommended,588650,31845225,Posted: 19 May,all,MonkeyDong,"got this game and its awesome, it has a lot of stuff and it is still only in early access, and the open beta only makes it better, an honest 10/10"
,Recommended,588650,32119698,Posted: 1 June,all,Azrael,"The artwork, the nuanced split-second decision lethality, the animation, the synergistic combinations possible and how satisfying they are to pull off... I'll be honest, I pirated this game first. I've lost my faith in early-access games. I played a good 10 maybe 15 hours and decided to buy it because these developers definitely deserve the support. Get this game. Yes, it's hard, and yes, you'll die: much like the Dark Souls series of games learning the game is a long and sometimes unforgiving process. However, when you become an untouchable ninja with epic combos that make mobs melt, you will feel good."
76561197972634582,Recommended,588650,31817966,Posted: 18 May,all,Harlequin,"Looks and plays great!If you like your 2d slashers and metroivania with a bit of roguelike progression minus all the frustration, this is a great one to pick up.Even at this early stage its more than worth the asking price and is just a great game."
76561197971030623,Recommended,588650,32261374,Posted: 7 June,all,Possum,"TLDR: a definite Buy.I've only had this game a short while and already I'm putting a lot of time in with it.I'm normally more a turn-based RPG or Strategy player.  However, this game has rogue-light done right and feels so satisfying and addictive.I've lost a good deal of time to ""one more run"".Things that make this satifing to play:movement feels fluid but impactful.  weapons are creative and vairied, enemies are wildly different and have good tells.But the most important thing for me, is that you can make partial payments on upgrades.  So even if you have a bad run and muff it, you still feel like you've made _some_ progress. and this keeps the frustration down and the urge to keep playing up.Really worth a try even with it being on EA, they are adding so much great stuff.will update review after out of EA"
,Recommended,588650,32334043,Posted: 10 June,all,Aaron PDX,Absolutely freakin' gorgeous game. And it has an addictive permanent upgrades game loop much like Rogue Legacy except it feels even more rewarding. New items and powers come much more frequently. Yet there's plenty of challenge. Very polished for an early access game.
,Recommended,588650,32350376,Posted: 11 June,all,SHOOTA BOY,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is hard
,Recommended,588650,32620309,Posted: 21 June,all,Lyrael Rayne,"This. This is how it's done.The gameplay is tough but entertaining. The unlocks are rewarding. The different kinds of weapons are actually different, not just bigger numbers."
,Recommended,588650,31832268,Posted: 18 May,all,Strelok,"To quote TotalBiscuit: ""Its like the devs looked at all the problems of Rougelites and said 'ok, lets fix all those' and its great."""
76561197971455804,Recommended,588650,31671729,Posted: 10 May,all,Drakeye,"For an Early Access game, provides enough content already, after playing for 1.5 hours I almost couldn't stop playing.My favourite weapon is the whip, cause can auto lock targets and you can easly find hidden stuff. I find the shield really usefull as well, helped me many times.I still want test the game further, so my current review is vaguepros:The game is really fluid, works well with mouse/keyboard for those who dont like controllers.Interesting skills/weapons to unlock, the game provides good learning curve so far.Huge maze like maps, multiple paths, hidden paths, the more you play harder to get to end.The Pixel art and Soundtrack is really good.Interesting enemies so far, elite mobs, bosses.devs most likely add highscore system and there are passages that great for speedrunnersedit: so far maybe it gets easy? or it's just me, tho i need further testing ""seems the more you unlock, more challenging it gets?"" yes the game got harder, but way more funcons:some weapons might be too powerfull early game, like the whip I mentioned earlier.Overall the game is worth buying it at this state if you like challenging games.Another 3 hours played, the game is amazing so far, there are so many path/places to go, if you unlock less weapons higher chance to get the favourite weapon, tho there might be new recepies if you try unlock every weapon.Finally was able to get to 2nd big boss, he is tough to fight, if you dont have the right weapons or reaction."
76561198069474393,Recommended,588650,31925163,Posted: 23 May,all,Pvt. Dab,"Holy Hell where to start. I only just bought this game, but I've already fallen in love. The smooth combat, the diverse enemies, beautiful visuals, and endless weapon combinations. This is one of if not the most satisfying metroidvania games I've ever had the pleasure to play. I cannot recommend this game enough. If you love a challenge and aren't afraid of being aggressive, then this game is for you!"
76561197978353144,Recommended,588650,32676250,Posted: 23 June,all,*Snake_Shit*,"Amazing game. The details, the graphics, the fun, the challenge.I'm playing straight for the last 3 weeks now. I know it's a early access game, but in this case it worth the purchase.Since I bought, were 2 updades."
76561198106081679,Recommended,588650,32681579,Posted: 23 June,all,Gorso,"All weapons truly feel unique (have their own playstyle), the atmosphere is beautiful and you have lots of choises how you want to progress throu the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,588650,32598477,Posted: 20 June,all,Grumms,"Incredibly addicting game. This ranks high in the ""can't put it down"" category. You find yourself getting closer and closer to getting new unlocks that you want to go with just one more run. Getting deeper into the levels that you're itching to keep going after death.Definite pickup for people who enjoy the rogue-like genre."
,Recommended,588650,32598666,Posted: 20 June,all,PsYcHoKrOd13,Love it!!!
,Recommended,588650,32625087,Posted: 21 June,all,Blind | Fundun,"I realize that most negative reviews of this game talk about how poorly balanced this game is, and that enemies can hit you for 100% of your health after advancing one area. Well that is simply not true, if one doesn't receive any upgrades to their health, you will die in one hit. That's that."
,Recommended,588650,32653146,Posted: 22 June,all,Ezra The Hound,This game is absolutely incredible. I loved everything about it even before the updates and it just keeps getting better with time. Buy it now while its price is twice reduced. You won't regret it.
,Recommended,588650,32762539,Posted: 25 June,all,Rum Ham,Great combat (tighest controls) and build system. Every run is a learning experience. Solid Early access (update every couple of weeks)
76561198171829081,Recommended,588650,32771087,Posted: 25 June,all,Wilku,"This game took me away from Dark Souls series and Bloodborne,Its really really good.The only problems i encountered are save delete, in my hours of gameplay in 1 day, My save file was gone 3 times with already some progress.Controller is recommended but i got to the graveyard with keyboard and mouse so its to doOne of the best e.a games i have played, If the game gets really 2x content as now, it wil be A.W.E.S.O.M.E game for a lot of hours.Baertuffy FTW!"
,Recommended,588650,32819405,Posted: 26 June,all,Red◑White◑Dragon,"well the game is good, but I think they should merge this game with Steam Workshop, so that it can have infinite amounts of possibilities"
76561197986187331,Recommended,588650,32750166,Posted: 24 June,all,BILLY MAYS!,"The Good: great gameplay, fun to try new weapons, good levels enemies seem fair and not too annoying from what I've run into so far.  Ranged seems to be my favorite since it keeps out of hit range.  Visually the game looks amazing, with a Metroidvania 2D style.The Bad:  Healing.  I die more times trying to heal because it is too slow and once you start healing you are commited.  I feel it would be better if you either healed faster or could cancel out of healing. Has some gitches here and there, sometimes I get pauses and once had my character walk off during a cutscene where I couldn't move or return."
76561198356331248,Recommended,588650,32644971,Posted: 22 June,all,brianstrub,Dead Cells is a solid 9/10. It has lots of content while only being in early access and is extremely fun to play. It has lots of creative items and monsters that add alot to how you play the game. The design is a mix between 3d and pixel art the looks about as good as it gets. The music really puts you into the atmosphere and is really well done. Good game.
,Recommended,588650,32690495,Posted: 23 June,all,Super brain,"I wrote a very long review for this game but acidentally deleted it by clicking some wrong button. It basically came down to this:I love roguelikes and I love dark souls. This is a beautiful combination of the two with an incredibly soundtrack, uninque and well constructed enviornments, and absolutely charming aesthetics and graphics. Quite possibly the best roguelike I have ever played.The game is in Early Access. Other devs take notes, this is Early Access done right. I haven't encountered any bugs to speak of thus far but I haven't gotten far enough to try the beta/newer areas. From what I have seen the devs are incredibly active with a fierce passion for their game and improving it.A definite 10/10"
,Recommended,588650,33192208,Posted: 3 July,all,DarkTheRaven,"How to play Dead Cells:Wake upMeet the Dead Cells equivalent of Solaire the sunbroClear the first area (think, man this is easy)Die a few timesSolaire the sunbro equivalent diesBe sadClear the first mini boss as vengeanceMeet the first actual boss (think, I'm ready for this)Realize you were not ready for thatAttempt to beat the first boss, realize it has more health than the iron golem in dark soulsHave your soul crushed by the first boss approx. 20 times before finally beating itRepeat for every boss afterwards"
,Recommended,588650,31782018,Posted: 15 May,all,Anihillator,"It's hard, it's beautiful, it's definitely a great, great game.I thought I was tired of pixel games- turns out pixelart can be awesome. Every tiny detail is well made.It's freakin difficult and death really pushes you to the very beginning. Makes you play very carefully.A ton of weapons, each with its unique thing (except maybe starting ones, they just kill things).10/10"
,Recommended,588650,33193131,Posted: 3 July,all,Teganilly,"Dead Cells scratches that ""soulsplay"" itch better than any of the other games (2D and 3D alike) that have tried to fill that niche. What's more, Dead cells isn't just a solid soulslike, but it's own unique mutation of that cluster of gameplay and atmospheric elements that are slowly becoming well worn territory in the gaming world."
,Recommended,588650,33215818,Posted: 3 July,all,UnaturalGod,"I dont believe I've had this much fun dying in a game in a long time. It keeps you interested in wanting that item that may be generated in the next play through, or what path will it lay out next time. Real old school vibes with modern ingenuity and great visuals and even better music. 10/10"
,Recommended,588650,32413852,Posted: 14 June,all,Dingo,"Combining rogue-lite elements with Dark Souls influences definitely works for Dead Cells. The game is extremely playable even in Early Access, featuring satisfying combat and clever progression elements."
,Recommended,588650,33207768,Posted: 3 July,all,Lv100 Magikarp,"Watched the Egg play a lot of this game and as always, made me want to play it myself because he is such a dummy at games. I am normally not a huge fan of EA but seeing that there was a lot of contant in the game, decided to buy it while it was 20% off, being the game I spent most money in the Summer Sales, I must say, the game is harder that it looks but it also makes it really satisfying to kill an enemy or a horde while dodging everything with your trusty roll. I look forward to playing this game a lot and to any future update. Great job devs :)"
76561198043194961,Recommended,588650,33211016,Posted: 3 July,all,Parmigiano Reggiano,"Gamer since I have a conscience, disenchanted with the media as of recently.This game gave me back the 'joie de vivre' I had lost.Buy it.♥♥♥♥ me, this game is good !"
76561198079874505,Recommended,588650,33217007,Posted: 3 July,all,Heaven on earth,"Great, great, GREAT game ! can't wait for it to be finished !!!"
76561198299313117,Recommended,588650,33190559,Posted: 3 July,all,DarthBhoy,"Superb game,Highly addictive and lots of fun.From chasing down that Elite that slew you,to finding the next blueprint that might make all the difference on your next run through.Will it be trying to find the next unexplored area and seeing what marvels await you there,this game just grabs you and won't let go,even the music is great and very atmospheric.Get this game now,it won't dissapoiont."
,Recommended,588650,33288473,Posted: 5 July,all,GarlicWaffle,"Dead Cells is a great game that reminds me of Dark Souls in many ways, but is also very original. It is difficult, and has the ability to keep me playing until I notice it is three in the morning. In many of the more relaxed civilizations on the Outer Eastern Rim of the Galaxy, Dead Cells has already supplanted its competition as the standard repository of difficult gameplay, for though it has many omissions and contains much that is apocryphal, or at least wildly inaccurate, it scores over the older, more pedestrian work in two important respects.  First, it is slightly cheaper; and secondly it displays the words Don't panic when you launch it."
,Recommended,588650,33209581,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr. Octopicake,"Damn good game, and every update is satisfying. It's damn hard but a good burner."
,Recommended,588650,32736835,Posted: 24 June,all,DFCHarem,"For an early access game it feels very polished and runs smooth. If you want to play a rogue like or as they say roguevania then this game will not disapoint. You have a variety of weapons, upgrades, enemies, biomes, and more to keep you from getting bored."
,Recommended,588650,33297693,Posted: 5 July,all,Drewshua,"This game is awesome, it is pretty much the perfect example of how a metroidvania roguelike should be.  Combat feels satisfying, controls feel perfect, and deaths feel painful. I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,588650,33047549,Posted: 30 June,all,eliteDecoy,"Excellent Game:Gorgeous soundtrack, visuals, and gameplay."
,Recommended,588650,32699167,Posted: 23 June,all,comit,this game is honestly perfect. just buy it already
,Recommended,588650,33296151,Posted: 5 July,all,buttpiss,"do not get discourgaged!anexcellentlittle rougemetroidvaniaactionrpg. supurb controls, super challenging, wonderful graphics; this game has it all.at first i was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because it is hard as cancerous testicles, but once i started to build my character and got used to using the shield, which, by the way, make sure you choose over the bow becuase i don't know how you would be able to progress without learning how to block. you'll learn lots of strategies; make sure to stomp when you fall, time the enemies attacks with the sheild, bust down doors to stun enemies, etc.it will be tough, but rewarding... i guess this is how people feel about dead souls... i hate that game because of the difficulty, but maybe i'm just impatient. ;)i see that it has an overwhelmingly positive score. well, i concur. i think the summer sale might be over, because $17 is more than i usually spend on an indie game. if it is on sale, do not doubt; get this game."
,Recommended,588650,33418929,Posted: 9 July,all,Alex Schaus,Death becomes us all.10/10 will die again...and again...and again.
76561198022251426,Recommended,588650,33427005,Posted: 10 July,all,IamIamI,"LOVE THIS GAME!The game isn't perfect... but damn it's fun. The graphics are really good looking, combat is pretty smooth with dodging, different attack, stun, block types. Monster might be lacking some divercity there is normally some type of walking, projectile and running monster in each level just with a different appearance.Level seems cuwl, items are fun to unlock and getting a good run is pretty hard but once you get a hang of the mechanics it's pretty easy for the first couple of levels. There are some very funny moment in the interactions with NPC's (although i haven't had that many yet so far).For a Early Access Game this gave me more than what i want from a rogue-lite game :D (if you like Rogue Legacy, this is def a good game to pick!!!)"
,Recommended,588650,31917836,Posted: 23 May,all,ansia_erectus,The most amazing indie -rogue like - platformer i played the last two years!!!!A perfect combination of pixel art and particles effects make the visual of this game really amazing and unique.I recomend all pixel art lovers to play this game!!!!You really need a gamepad for this game.
,Recommended,588650,33331187,Posted: 6 July,all,Snik,"Combat is fluid and fun and feels punchy when hits land. Has that ""just 1 more run"" addictiveness. Worth the price of admission."
76561197969033736,Recommended,588650,32901432,Posted: 27 June,all,BernieWouldHaveWon,"+1 for someone who normally never bothers to review games. Dead Cells owns extraordinarily hard, a smooth blend of roguelite, metroidvania, dark souls, and even hints of diablo in its loot and build synergies. I'm blown away"
76561198047466510,Recommended,588650,32909899,Posted: 27 June,all,SebMcClane,This game is GREAT !So when I first saw Dead Cells my first thought was Castlevania right ? Well I was wrong of course but that hasn't stop me to enjoy it very much. The gameplay and combat is so satisfying it makes it addictive ! I spend hours and hours grinding and improve my skills.So what is this game about. It's about a Ninja that is dead ! yeah I KNOW ! Your mission is to get to that castle and fight monsters that will leave Cells when the are dead. You also gather blueprints and unlock new weapons to fight against those monsters. Some are good in diffrend type of combat others in another. So as you go deeper and to diffrend areas of the Castle the monster become more difficult to deal with and before you know it YOU ARE DEAD !After your painfull death (yeah you lose those hard earn Cells and blueprints if you haven't deposit them) you wake up in the beggining of the Castle and start over but with one little detail diffrend. All the areas you were before and explore are now total diffrend and with new ways to go the new areas !So that is the basic idea behind it and your goal is to get to the end I guess but Who cares ! I still have more blueprints to gather and more Cells to unlock them and upgrade them ! I WANT MORE !What is really great is also that the team behind it is always doing new stuff. The last Patch gave us the Achievements and weapon fixes so they are working on it and improving it all the time. Can't wait to see new stuff or areas in the game when they will came out.So for the new people out there and for those that love the 2D Metrovania game type BUY this game ! It's not that expensive and it is amazing ! 10/10 really recommend it !P.S. Sorry for my grammar mistakes. English isn't my first language and I usually don't write reviews but this game really needs some love and community !
76561198019909310,Recommended,588650,33168539,Posted: 2 July,all,LFurtado,"I will be back... and die again and again... just because this game plays so well and still have room to improve since its on early acces, I cant wait to see the final version. Im having a blast plaing this game, if you are a fan of classic arcade games like myself qhen you have only one coin to play, also love castlevania or metroidvania games GO FOR IT! lots of fun! but beware of the roguelike aspect that will penalize you more than Dark Souls!!!"
,Recommended,588650,31773734,Posted: 15 May,all,Fede M,"Game is great, art is great (If you like pixel art), combat is great, all of the presented parts of the game are great.Dead Cells is super fun even at an early access stage. However it can turn repetitive after a while.If the devs add more content and mod support I can see myself playing this game for a long time."
,Recommended,588650,32866417,Posted: 27 June,all,BOLT.lqdmaru711,It's the game you didn't know you've been waiting for.
76561198115401533,Recommended,588650,31913001,Posted: 22 May,all,Bozs-Haagen-Dazs,"This is what you would get, if Konami made a sequel to Symphony of the Knight for the PS2 instead of going 3DThis Game is the closes thing you will get to 2D Bloodborne STYLE gameplay.The controlls are so responsive and well thought out. they truly make this game shine.The level generator keeps it fresh, I still find it enjoyable to play through level 1 for the 1,000th time.I REALLY CAN'T RECOMEND IT ENOUGHFEELS-LIKE: STRYDER-NINJA GAIDEN-BLOODBORNE-SALT & SANCTUARY-THE DISHWASHER"
76561198096255382,Recommended,588650,33159783,Posted: 2 July,all,I-MDK.Rigal,"Dead Cells is an amazing game. It pulled me away from the Binding of Isaac and other indie/ rogue-lite games.Graphics:Dead Cells has an amazing pixel styled graphics style that compliments the game with the amazing presented lighting presented in the background and throughout the game. The games background is amazing presenting a lot of features in the background as well.Gameplay:Dead Cells has amazing gameplay. The game features a lot of items which are present throughout the game. It also has a system called cells which can be used to upgrade and unlock weapons and potions to use throughout the game. It also has heaps of different enemies and bosses that you can fight.My Rating:10,10"
76561198202240880,Recommended,588650,32420572,Posted: 14 June,all,The.Rape.Reaper,"This is the best rogue-like, oh sorry, I meant rogueVANIA, i've ever played. The combat system is fluid and the graphics are awesome. You should buy this game at least to support the developpers because i can't get enough of this game. The only complain i have is i'm gonna fail my final exams because of this."
,Recommended,588650,33244627,Posted: 4 July,all,babyjeans,"I'm a big fan of roguelikes but not so much a fan of metroidvania games... that didn't really matter with Dead Cells. It's ridiculously fun and definitely has a high ""one more run..."" tendency"
76561198066703461,Recommended,588650,33257432,Posted: 4 July,all,FantomDestroyer,"This a good game, you won't regret having bought it. I don't know how to review :P but it's a good enough game to have me  make a review for the first time lol"
,Recommended,588650,33254507,Posted: 4 July,all,GuelahPapyrus,"let it be know that there is currently a pretty effed up ""stuttering"" issue for quite a lot of players. it is a ""known issue"" and the dev's say they are working to fix it however, the game is currently more or less unplayable for me personally at the mooment and i think that should be know if you plan on purchasing and have an Intel i7 processor.otherwise this game is fantastic... which is why im sad its currently so bugged."
,Recommended,588650,33258551,Posted: 4 July,all,"Lookin' cool, Joker!","A fun and gorgeous rougelike/Metroidvania. Fast paced combat, a good variety of unique upgrades and abilities, beautiful pixel art, and branching pathways. At least 30 hours of gameplay or 10 if you git gud."
76561198026718272,Recommended,588650,33247290,Posted: 4 July,all,I like birbs,"Play 2 hours, complete nothing!Loving this game10/10"
,Recommended,588650,33248571,Posted: 4 July,all,John Diva,Can't handle this
76561197966551587,Recommended,588650,33249984,Posted: 4 July,all,Skar,"I usually never write reviews... but this game... OMFG!The fact that's in Early Access doesn't say♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's so awesome.The flowThe gameplayThe feelThe graphicsThe effectsThe addictivenessThe weaponsThe depthThe ease of playing but at the same time the mastery you'll get after a whileThe one-more-try-feelingIt's all f#cking awesome!If you like: platformers + a little bit of randomness + challenging, but fair combat (think Dark Souls) + super nice animations and lighting effects in a pixelart style + slowly leveling and unlocking stuff.... you have to buy this game!What else would you do with $15? Buying some crap game you'll never play? Buy some candy / beer / chips? Pay your rent? There is NO excuse! You need to play this game! Now! Go! Do it! Join the fun!Damn... why am I even writing this review? I want to continue playing...Kthnxbye"
76561197999859471,Recommended,588650,33337069,Posted: 7 July,all,IJzendoorn,"Tough but a lot of fun, many deaths and many ways to play it! Those are all pluses in my book."
76561198004980632,Recommended,588650,31753147,Posted: 14 May,all,Blackjack,"wow. What a gem. This game is still in early access and it looks like a finished game.If you like rogue metroidvania games you will love this. It reminds me of Rogue Legacy a bit with the unlocks you keep when you die.It handles like a charm (I would advise using a controler), replayability is great, crapton of weapons and upgrades and what not, visualy beautiful, tough game but not to the point you wanna pull your hair out...Overall this is my new favorite game, and it's not even finished. Cant wait for the finished version."
76561198003530836,Recommended,588650,31906309,Posted: 22 May,all,FootFoot,"This game is simply amazing from art style to game play and controls its smooth with great music havent had a chances to really sink my teeth into it but what i played inpressed the hell out of me it may be Early Accsess but feels more polish them most released games theses days great things to come i think,"
,Recommended,588650,31917545,Posted: 23 May,all,Vitater,"Quality soundtrack, quality gameplay, low key passive aggressive comments from the statistics guy. 10/10."
,Recommended,588650,31917466,Posted: 23 May,all,StanleYDG,One of the best Metrodvania titles out there and it isn't even done yet! I strongly recommend this to anyone who was a fan of games like Castlevania or Rouge Legacy.
76561198025150619,Recommended,588650,32148727,Posted: 3 June,all,UberHump,"Awesome game.  Definately captures the spirit of Metroid, Castlevania and Dark Souls.  A great mashup, and wonderful art style.  Recommended."
,Recommended,588650,31852267,Posted: 19 May,all,ZoraZ,"Extremely good platformer roguelite, terrible metroidvania.Every map is just a bunch of linear path connected together, and every path lead to deadend, probably with a teleport so you can warp back to the crossroad without some backtracking.There're no loop or anything (except some of them are premade, which lead to deadend anyway).Abilities unlock are pretty much door keys.So, don't jump in and expect a Castlevania roguelite like the trailer said, it's not.But everything else is on spot so, 9/10 buy."
76561198049177181,Recommended,588650,32717790,Posted: 24 June,all,Mr. Monty,This game is simply an outstanding rouge-lite. The combat is both fluid in control and challenging in terms of enemy difficulty and progression. The fact that it is currently only in early access is nothing to look down upon as it offers more than most full games. I can’t wait to see what more great things the developers can come up with.  Keep up the great work.
76561198015225169,Recommended,588650,32673596,Posted: 23 June,all,Alan Grant,"I had some reservations about this game regarding the price. But after playing it at I see it as a nice investment that's only going to get better with time.It's a great pick up and play title. The amount of variety and collectibles also keep the game fresh, at least for me. Those two things are complemented by a great soundtrack and a meticulous art style.All in all, a purchase worth your money."
76561198004076605,Recommended,588650,32732922,Posted: 24 June,all,Ninjabullets,"The only thing this game lacks is a spelunky like co-op mode.This game is an excellent blend of Dark Souls, Spelunky, and Castlevania. This is something that sounds fundementally impossible given the great differences in genere each of those games have, but developer Motion Twin has crafted something unique and wonderful.This game is still in early access and thusly a full review is pending, but for now. Should you buy this game?The answer is a resounding YES."
76561198036220976,Recommended,588650,32270727,Posted: 8 June,all,dragonluv11,This game is really fun and addictive. The progression and power ramp so far have been very smooth. I have my favorite weapons that I use but then I try a new one when its the only one available and find it has its uses also. I have not used shields at all. they seem very hard to use.This game is great.
,Recommended,588650,32707829,Posted: 23 June,all,Harmon,"I won't type on and on and repeat what everyone else is already declaring. This is Metrovania + Roguelike = perfected. The graphics, weapons, characters are top-notch. The small amount of dialogue sprinkled in is perfect. The permadeath with small bits of permanent upgrades are paced wonderfully.But what makes this game so addictive, for me, is how good the combat feels. Swinging the weapons or casting a freeze spell feels extremely powerful. I just want to run through it one more time before I quit to desktop.And most of all.. my son and I used to play games together all the time. He's in middle school now so when he plays games it's only on Xbox with his friends. They have a great time so I'm glad he is having fun but I do miss running games with him every now and then. Dead Cells got him off the Xbox and we passed the controller back and forth all night and had a blast. This, I am most thankful for.Outstanding game. Look forward to the future updates."
,Recommended,588650,32749421,Posted: 24 June,all,ThunderDuck,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing tight, that's all I'm gonna say."
,Recommended,588650,32696808,Posted: 23 June,all,Owl,"TLDR; Dead Cells is easily one of the best games of 2017, its blend of metroidvania and roguelike elements coupled with satisfying and responsive combat and controls create an amazing and immersive experience.Dead Cells is a game that I was hesitant on buying, firstly because it reminded me so much of risk of rain. So much that I thought that it was just a straight rip off. while the pixel art looked and is beautiful, I was jaded to this art style due to this markets oversaturation of it. The metroidvania/roguelite genre was also done to death by this point. Furthermore the game was still in early access, something i'm very leery about. But after reading several glowing reviews, and seeing it on sale - I decided to give it a go.When I booted up the game, I was greeted with the ""Im still in early access"" load page. and after surprisingly short load times the main menu. Just like with every other game I played I went through the options menu first - tweaking my audio and video settings, and while there were many miscellaneous settings, such as the diet settings where you can choose the visuals of the health packs, the video settings were lacking. However this might not be a major problem since the game is completely 2D.The minute I loaded up my first run I was shown a cutscene - A headless man who is the ""protagonist"" of the ""story"" wakes up in a prison, a knight wakes him up and tells him to explore the dungeon and thats basically as far as I've gotten.The gameplay is amazing, the combat is smooth and responsive. there is a satisfying amount of viscera after every kill, (but not overly so) and the sound effects are amazing. The items are also all unique - with different base models, stats and effects on every individual weapon. Further more, there is no ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" in this game. The devs were aiming to have a ""tough but fair"" game and the definetely succeeded with that. Every enemy is punishing and difficult to beat but not oppressingly so. and they all have a pattern that you can learn to adapt to.I do have some complaints though, firstly there  are only 4 or 5 enemies per floor, while they every enemy type is unique, it does get stale after several runs, you can remedy that by have different ""colorings"" of the same enemy, with improved drop rates but harder difficulty, similar to the ""elites"" system, but slightly nerfed.  Another complaint that I have is the item system, while I did previously praise it, it does have some glaring issues, straight off the bat some items are overpowered, you are able to stack the fire effect 5 times doing insane amounts of damage at the same time - the ice effect is absolutely busted with a double icebomb setup being able to kill elites easily, and in the end it ends up a bit tedious (atleast early on in the game) to grind out the ""cells"" to craft weapons, and thats not even counting getting the blueprints themselves.But in the end these complaints are minor compared to the pure unfiltered fun that this game gives you. and It a strong 9/10 in my books"
,Recommended,588650,32177985,Posted: 4 June,all,Blidios,"The combat is amazing, incoporates strategy and rewards skill.Mouse + Keyboard works perfectly fine."
,Recommended,588650,32867089,Posted: 27 June,all,Sartorius,"A rarity among randomized roguelites, a game that is beautiful, fast-paced, challenging and well-balanced.Equal parts Symphony of the Night and Bloodborne, but as fast as Devil May Cry, Dead Cells is well worth your time even as an early access title."
,Recommended,588650,31894787,Posted: 21 May,all,franny426,"Warning: Gorgeous view aheadSkip to the end for TL;DREarly access already offers many hours of gameplay, and the developers already plan to add around double the content! They are very active within the community to find new bugs to fix (Although I haven't stumbled upon one yet myself), new ideas to add, and more mechanics and such.An amazing rougelite game, with a dynamic combat experience and difficulty curve.Pros;- Good artPixel graphics tend to get overly saturated in the Indie market, but the art was more than well done, with very fluid movements! (I assume the characters were rendered in 3d somehow first to give such fluid movement)- Interesting conceptsThe cells you spend in this game are about the only thing that lets you progress further in this game (Aside from getting good), providing permanent upgrades for you to get through each run a little bit further.- Fun combatI died a lot at the beginning, but I soon learned how to predict enemy movements better, and was able to better evade their attacks altogether. Rolling is your friend.- Interesting designsThe characters and creatures are by far, some of the most unique designs i've seen so far in roguelite/roguelike games.- ReplayabilityReplaying the game over and over is a key part of the game itself, one playthrough is not going to be enough to get to the end, so your many failures will build your key to winning one death at a time. And there will be many deaths.Although games do not go without their cons either.Cons;- Uninteresting charactersNot in the sense their design is bad, but I felt no attachment to any of the characters. This is more of a personal preference probably, but none of the characters really had a sense of personality to them. It's mostly grunts and death noises (Although, I do like death noises). I don't want witty one-liners, but maybe talking with the community about the personality of the characters will help flesh them out for the future. They don't even have to talk, just more scenes where I see them interact with each other.- Gameplay falls short quickly after winningThis will most certainly be fixed in the future, but for now, once you ""win"", you're pretty much able to win again very easily (Relatively speaking), and the game quickly becomes how well of a build you can be lucky enough to get rather than pursuing any goals. Adding daily challenges could potentially help part of that.- A few balance issuesThe game offers a large array of combat styles and ways to kill, but some combinations are far too powerful. Getting just a whip and a damage buff could help carry you through the whole game, considering the long range of the whip and the auto-tracking aspect of it as well, combined with the flat damage upgrade of the buff creating a powerful weapon. Shields are not that great either (Although I heard the devs are buffing them), as rolling is a far better alternative than even considering them.TL;DRI love the game, it's awesomely unique and aside from a few negatives (Which will be more than likely fixed later on), I would strongly recommend this game, or at least trying it. If you don't get a refund, but at least give it a shot.8.5/10Will update review when final product is released."
,Recommended,588650,32492163,Posted: 16 June,all,nekokitwolf,"Is two hours enough to realize that you are in love with a game?Well steam lets you return games in 2 hours of gameplay so I guess it's good enough for them! *coughs* (and some other offical reviewers as well)Note I am someone who watches metroidvanias from afar playing only tidbits and snipits and I must say I greatly enjoy this game. I would have played it more before I wrote this review but I share a computer and it was their turn. Honestly sometimes first impressions are important.Let's list the reasons:Progression; I enjoy rougelike games but sometimes feel like I am not progressing FTL is a good example that I am not moving forward most of the time, but in Dead Cells I feel like I'm slowly getting better and better as I die, my first run I made it to that Bridge and almost beat the boss. Yet sometimes the mini bosses are just as hard and that's the fun of it.The music is nice and really gives me the feel of the game honestly the audio for everything is good. So satifying hearing the plink every time I hit a foe or a thunk when I crit.Graphics super cool and beautiful even in the most dankest of areas there is movement and goodness.Controls: The controls are super nice. An example I used to roll my eyes every time someone told me in dark souls it's always your fault you died I just didn't believe that. But in the end It's always your fault you died my buddy my pal my friend. REMEMBER TO HEAL! I FORGET ALL THE TIME!Overall as someone who does not play this type of game. Dead Cells is as grand as it could get, I feel alot of love from it and I love it back. This game may be early access but it has more then most other games of this type has. They are still planning for more.Doing a point score for the TL:DR people 9/10 Good Gameplay, Great music, Satifying sound, Graphics are Phenomenal, Controls are pretty Smooth."
,Recommended,588650,32587735,Posted: 20 June,all,phi.lo,"holy dead cell, batman (RIP Adam West)....this game is one pleasant surprise... the early access version is already working very well, features loads of content, is updated regularly and captures imho the essence of what makes roguelites great.if you like binding of isaac, enter the gungeon, crypt of the necromancer etc. this is a must-buy for you.support the devs."
76561198074135718,Recommended,588650,32886103,Posted: 27 June,all,The Toxic Tapper,8/8 m8
76561198020091379,Recommended,588650,32907143,Posted: 27 June,all,Luphe,"I've been 2 and a half hours into the game and I already love it. The fact that you lose money and cells as you die but also progress through the game makes it so much replayable, and that's not even considering the random levels. Apparently there are premade chunks that are attached randomly after each death, which in fact make each run practically unique.The rogue-like type of the game makes it really challenging while keeping the game fun and interesting as you have to learn to fight every single enemy. And it doesn't stop there, after progressing a little further the game start to throw monsters that you already know how to deal with but with little surprises.Overall, the game is well polished and has been a really fun experience. I can't stop playing it.As of now, for being an early access, it has much room for content improvement.As for bugs/glitches i've not found a single one until now, but i did find myself stuttering sometimes in scenes with dialogues, which may be an optimization issue.9/10. Strongly recommended"
,Recommended,588650,32911408,Posted: 27 June,all,Drewboy182,"Fun Game, plenty of replayability"
76561198011716089,Recommended,588650,32902466,Posted: 27 June,all,JumboBog320,"Completed it in its current state.Took me 20 hours of gameplay. And so far its been great.This is a game where the core is so well put together and all that is basicly needed for this to be completed is more content and balancing.The consoles are tight as ♥♥♥♥, it runs really well and the weapons allows for different playstyles.Love it so far and can not wait till the game gets more content."
,Recommended,588650,32855477,Posted: 27 June,all,Chad Thundercock,"This is one of the best metroidvania games i have played, combat is fluid and you feel at control at every attack, difficulty is balanced and when you die you dont feel it as unfair, the only bad thing about it is that it is early access and there is not much end-game stuff like bosses"
76561198019964918,Recommended,588650,32900536,Posted: 27 June,all,bobzargon,"Decided to give it a try despite it being early access.  All of the positive things I've read about this are true.  Already feels like a complete game.  Once it's done, I think this will be a game people compare all others like it too for some time to come."
,Recommended,588650,32866111,Posted: 27 June,all,Moose,"If you like rogue-like games, consider getting this, especially now during the steam summer sale. There is still plenty of room for more features for this game."
,Recommended,588650,31811483,Posted: 17 May,all,TheOverbob,"I saw this game being played on Twitch and it looked awesome.  It was on sale, so I went for it, even being early-access.  I must say that this is probably the most polished early-access game I have seen yet.  It feels like a complete game and with the amount of gameplay you can get from it, it's already worth a full price tag.  Controls are smooth (tried both a PS4 and Xbox One controller).  Combat is fluid, and the amount of items gives good variety to the gameplay.  I'm exited to find new items, areas, and enemies.  Great game.  Steam needs more like this."
,Recommended,588650,32917291,Posted: 28 June,all,Dr. Schwifty,"SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!Hands-down, one of the best rogue-lites to date. It's like Spelunky, Rogue Legacy, Castlevania and Risk of Rain had a baby possessing all the positive traits of the parents.Buy the game and support these saviors of the genre. Absolutely worth every penny.10/10 would tickle a random green thing in a dungeon forever"
,Recommended,588650,32916705,Posted: 28 June,all,You're a raider! Legendary,It is astoundingly smooth and fast and tight and satisfying. Very good game. Very good Roguelike.B U Y I T
76561197971692339,Recommended,588650,31816899,Posted: 17 May,all,Ægers,"If Dead Cells was out before last years Steam Awards, this game would hands down win the ""Just 5 more minutes"" award (at least for me)Overall great game for the low price tag.Looking forward to see how the developers update this game."
,Recommended,588650,32983447,Posted: 29 June,all,Mazratiquat,gg
76561198035820408,Recommended,588650,31763388,Posted: 14 May,all,RM60,"7 hours in and all I want is more. Hands down the best roguelike game I have ever played. If you like castlevania Symphany of the Night, then you will absolutely love this game. Beware though, its really really difficult and addictive 0.o"
76561198085833767,Recommended,588650,31833788,Posted: 18 May,all,John Michael,"Fantastic game, 10/10. You will die. You won't like it.... Suck it up and re-try."
,Recommended,588650,31834989,Posted: 18 May,all,GrandeSteve76,"Highly addictive, creative, simple controls, intense, and fun.  10/10 would play again, and again, and again."
,Recommended,588650,31812817,Posted: 17 May,all,SkyRL,"All I can say is WOW I have been playing games for over 28 years and this game has truly taken me back to feeling like a kid and playing a brand new game you got and wont put down until you complete it!!!!!!!!!!!!! Well done to the Devs for making such a simple but amazing game. The Graphics are very well made all the lighting and effects are stunning. The game keeps on getting better and better even after you die so many times you go back harder and faster with your upgrades and kick more♥♥♥♥♥and get more GOLD!!!!!I would highly recommend this to anyone big or small, old or young this is a game that has bought CLASSIC BACK!!!!"
,Recommended,588650,31855132,Posted: 20 May,all,Nima92,"Responsive, Fair, and Variety? Check, Check, and Check."
76561197993210086,Recommended,588650,31844900,Posted: 19 May,all,Danomite,"Dead cells is one the best pick up and run rogue lites I've ever played. Having already put serious time into this game I can say that it appeals to both the casual and hardcore player.The game difficulty increases with how aggresive you take any single run, as well as the different combination of items your forced to obtain. Choosing between the 3 stats at decision times increases your choice on how you want to play.The speed of this game is intense as I've mashed one xbox controller to death I can tell you it runs smooth with high input commands and makes any other controller rogue lite to shame.If your looking for a game that is dynamic, smooth and overall just a blast to get frustrated at. This is the game for you.Pro tip dont take more then 1 item with X2 damage taken unless you really like getting frustrated after getting one shotted after 6 levels.Enjoy 10/10"
,Recommended,588650,31871347,Posted: 20 May,all,zvⒶhl,"I normally don't bend to my inner demons and try my best to avoid early access because I can't ever imagine myself devoting so much repeated time to a game, but holy crap this game is amazing.This is Rogue Legacy on steroids in all the great ways, it feels great, the running around is awesome, the progress is very steady and satisfying, the weapons all feel different.This ALREADY feels better than a lot of finished releases I've played and I can feel it being something I will play for years."
,Recommended,588650,31870309,Posted: 20 May,all,itsmaxmileaf,"Purchased this game after hearing about it on the Two Best FriendsCast where it was described as a rogue-light (like binding of issac, nuclear throne, and enter the gungeon) that played much more like a ""metroid-vania"" type of action-adventure game as opposed to a shooter.Needless to say, the game DELIVERS IN SPADES! The gameplay is simultaneously accessible and surprisingly nuanced, and the continued progression following each death of your character has you itching to respawn just to get a little further in the dungeon to unlock new items and abilities.Despite the game still being early access, I've played it for almost 5 hours now, and I haven't encountered a bug, nor have I felt that I didn't receive a full product. Instead, I'm anxiously awaiting new updates!For fans of castlevania, metroid, or the games I mentioned above, I can't recommend the game highly enough."
76561198064798531,Recommended,588650,31820403,Posted: 18 May,all,Bonecharm,"Metroid meets Castlevania meets *Souls series.Looks great, plays great, sounds great.Requires some polishing, but definitely fun and worth the money, if you're into fast paced roguelike platforming."
,Recommended,588650,31824003,Posted: 18 May,all,Mephistoau,"So far what i've played has been fantastic. Frustrating to go up against bosses and enemies that own you but you gradually learn and get stronger. Very fluid gameplay, VERY refined for EA. Definitely recommend for quick blasts"
76561198042034310,Recommended,588650,31841825,Posted: 19 May,all,captaingerbear,"TL;DR - This game is an awesome, technical platformer that will kick your butt for a long time. Highly recommended.I played and played and played and then I slept, and then I played some more.Loads of different weapons and sub weapons to keep things interesting. There's hacking and slashing, but you can't just button-mash. Combat feels really frantic, but also involved and technical, and a single mistake can ruin a 45 minute winning streak and have you starting over at the first level.All of the weapons have a different feel to them, and even two swords that use the same battle animation have slightly different momentum and timing, so you'll need to learn the rhythms for each one. Switching weapons often feels like playing the game for the first time.There are a few rough edges here and there, but this game still feels like a finished title, even if there's more yet to come.I really enjoyed it and look forward to playing more at the full release."
,Recommended,588650,31753040,Posted: 14 May,all,Poke64,"The feeling when your World of Warcraft guild has been working on a boss for weeks and you finally down him. That's the level of accomplishment I just felt when killing the first boss after eight hours of work. Eight hours of intense concentration and adapting to the RNG after each death. Working my way through the randomly generated zones leading up to the boss after each death. Collecting items and levels along the way.Dead Cell captures the Rogue-Like genre while balancing just enough progression between deaths. If you're looking for a game that has true perma-death. This isn't it. Even so, Dead Cell has enough RNG to satisfy Rogue-Like enthusiasts.The game controls beautifully. From what I've played thus there is enough nuances to the controls to allow for a high level of mastery. Think Super Smash Brothers.The art style and animation is magnificent.There isn't much story. And I think thats okay. The game does it's job. Very well. Too much dialog, I think, would break the player's concentration. Ultimately taking away from the intensity of the experience. That said, there is room for some more story in between the zones.Dead Cell does not feel like an early access game. I'm excited to see what the developers improve upon. The game needs some more variety to the randomly generated levels.Dark Souls like difficulty, Super Smash Brothers like combat/control, Rogue Legacy like progression, and World of Warcraft level of satisfaction. All set in a medieval dystopia. With crisp and gorgeous pixel based art. Backed by captivating and smooth animation. I'll leave you with this: you play a zombie-ninja."
76561198005615605,Recommended,588650,31712816,Posted: 12 May,all,Lethal Games,"Dead Cells caught me entirely off guard. I didn't expect much from an early access game, but if this isn't the most polished beta game I've played, I don't know what is. The combination of metroidvania and the rogue-lite style is definitely a winner.The pixel graphics, animation, and effects are gorgeous and the gameplay really keeps you on your toes. If you've ever played Rogue Legacy, you'll have a good idea what you're in for. But Dead Cells is much more than that and I daresay that it surpasses Rogue Legacy in almost every aspect. The devs state they intend to double the amount of content by the end of early access and for the current price, the game is well worth it. For a more complete and detailed overview of the game, please check out my YouTube video here:https://youtu.be/5PPU7H2Tiww"
76561197992837846,Recommended,588650,31831177,Posted: 18 May,all,Rolf,"A lot of fun. My niche is Castlevania Symphony of the Night style of games and Dead Cells scratches that almost perfectly.The consequences of having roguelike elements to Dead Cells gets me a tad annoyed, but that's only because I'm rather♥♥♥♥♥♥at games so dying happens a lot. I'd like to have a bit more survivability, but I'll settle for just getting gud instead (if I can).The graphics-art could be a slight bit higher resolution, but the animation is fantastic.  I particularly love that the dodge-roll can be interupted manually, this allows that I can roll the exact distance I need to back stab a target.  Of course that is if I get the timing right, but as I said I'm normally rather♥♥♥♥♥♥at this, but hey take the good stuff where you can find it."
76561198040662845,Recommended,588650,31870575,Posted: 20 May,all,Spiritreader,"Tons of fun, awesome movement system and cool progression system. Combined with the excellent artstyle Dead Cells provides a very well rounded gameplay experience for an Early Access title."
,Recommended,588650,31859311,Posted: 20 May,all,Red Five,"This game has the rhythm.Edit: the game plays well in a laptop with an AMD A8-3500 quad core w/ integrated GPU (6620G).Also, zero problems in a FX-8350 desktop w/ dedicated GTX 960."
76561198001329117,Recommended,588650,31809254,Posted: 17 May,all,pozexis,"There aren't much to say about this beauty. Buy it, play it, lose yourself, ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, brilliantly done!!"
76561198019267373,Recommended,588650,31907373,Posted: 22 May,all,la_febbra,"I've beated the act 2 boss! I need more powers.. I need more weapons... I need the missing vassel... i'm totally addicted to this game!Would be great a online coop for 2 player mode, potions can be used to ress the body of death player, with half (or less) of max healt, enemies can have more hp ad more totems/elites to protect the packs.It's a Great game, please continue in this way and add lot of contens!"
,Recommended,588650,33026759,Posted: 30 June,all,Thellux,*Plays the game*Incredibly awesome beautiful game*Plays and plays*Kills every boss*Stops playing because finished game*Devs: introduces achievementsHere I go again
,Recommended,588650,33318834,Posted: 6 July,all,Super Hans,"Not often I like games that have no checkpoint system but this game gives me food for thought.Hard, but not in the Dark Souls silly kinda wayLooks greatSimple controlsFantastic soundtrackCan only get better with future updates and I look forward to it"
,Recommended,588650,33130962,Posted: 2 July,all,RobinCP,I'M IN LOVE WITH THIS GAME
,Recommended,588650,33332482,Posted: 6 July,all,Smith Smith,"Pros:+Excellent combat+.  Lots of unlockable weapons to help you find your own playstyle.  Great sense of ~style~.  Most characters have fantastic 2D pixel animation.  Enemies have a lot of varieties and require some strategy to tackle effectively as they can deal [massive damage] really quickly (read: Dark Souls).  CURSED CHESTS!Cons:Runs take too long; getting everything on the way to the 2nd boss takes ~1 hour+ (note: the game does allow you to resume your run at a later time, but after getting that far, your *flow* may be broken by the point and result in a dumb death).  Most upgrades are extremely minor (+5% damage to a specific weapon/skill) compared to the grinding involved.  Game might be better off removing them entirely to reduce the need to farm ""Cells"" and just give every weapon/skill +10% damage on average.Both: Random weapon elements mean you'll probably find weapons/skills you really like at some point, but they may be quite underpowered compared to entirely different skills/weapons found later in the game (read: roguelike)./not/ a Metroidvania (based on the two totally optional traversal upgrades so far).Rogue Legacy + Dark Souls + Castlevania: SOTN anologies are apt.The second boss is a jerk.Overall: Recommended but really need some tweaks to be an overwhelming recommend."
,Recommended,588650,33206931,Posted: 3 July,all,UniLord,"Excellent combat, deep and varied loot, awe-inspiring art. """
,Recommended,588650,32631893,Posted: 21 June,all,Etsa,"I bought this game because it looked interesting and I really like Rouge-Lites that have a sense of permanent progression. Seeing what I unlock next and slowly getting stronger really appeals to me. If you liked Rogue Legacy you will like this game, it's similar in the way that you progress and it's a lot of fun.This game gives you a sense of being powerful right from the start with some really cool abilities. I spent a lot of the time going ""OH WOW!"" while playing this game.  It's a lot of fun and seems worth a buy! It's even worth it in Early Access as it feels very full of content already!tl;drIf you liked Rogue Legacy get this game."
76561198035798825,Recommended,588650,33266526,Posted: 5 July,all,Joey,"Already great rouge-lite game, the combat is so satisfying. The starting room is so cool, those hanging bottles with the items in it."
76561198030875560,Recommended,588650,33265120,Posted: 5 July,all,DaPackaFan,"This is the most fun I've had just casually picking up a game in years. I was watching the Honest Game Trailer for Castlevania when this was mentioned. As a long time fan of that series it immediately caught my eye.The gameplay is super tight and responsive, allowing you to play the way you want (you start out picking between a bow and a shield) and rewarding skill and determination. The randomized items strike a nice balance between variety and annoying RNG. The Souls style death system creates that suspense for the next golden doorway. The number of uses for cells are absurd, creating a neverending desire to get more cells and make for a better starting experience back at square one.I just really can't say enough. Take my money. I don't write a lot of reviews but this game is more than deserving."
,Recommended,588650,33248539,Posted: 4 July,all,Stexe,"""Rogue Legacy"" done right.There are a few problems with the game and there definitely needs to be more variety. The biggest issue I have with the design is that they reward grinding to get bonus damage upgrades (similar to Rogue Legacy). That type of grinding kind of takes away from the Rogue-like aspect of the game. Outside of that the game is very good and feels great.Hopefully they add a lot more stuff, more variety in enemies, remove the grinding bonus damage part, and eventually add co-op. The game is definitely worth it right now, but with those changes this would be one of the best platformer rogue-likes out there. Can't wait to see what the devs do with it."
,Recommended,588650,33254391,Posted: 4 July,all,Mugman,"this game is FANTASTIC. a great metroidvania with really unique roguelike stuff, it looks GORGEOUS, and ive never felt truly frustrated with it. it's very easy to pick up and get used to the controls after a few livescan be kinda hard at times, and it might be hard considering how much there is to unlock and all of that, but it doesnt take that longeven though it's in early access it could very easily pass for a brand new game. it feels like it's a finished title already, super excited to see where it goes. ABSOLUTELY worth a purchase if you're a fan of metroidvanias, or if you like the concept of a 2d roguelike dark souls (or something like that). it's a great buy for the price it's at imo"
76561197973125436,Recommended,588650,33348795,Posted: 7 July,all,Adventure Buddy,"I'm seriously loving this game.  The combat is solid as granite. The weapons, skills, actions all have a function, and can be combined for different yet effective play styles. I'm pretty sure you could go through the entire game without taking a hit like a Castlevania game, but goddamn do you have to work for it. For being early access, Dead Cells is a flipping masterpiece."
,Recommended,588650,33437308,Posted: 10 July,all,TastyFirestorm,The combat feels great. Enjoyable graphics/art style.
76561197962872789,Recommended,588650,33436761,Posted: 10 July,all,GατΠιсЭ,"You already know when Gat hops on to a title out of the blue, refuses to put it down even after countless ""gibbifications"", and then Reviews it --- it's good.  This game is REALLY good.  It's that simple.  Nix the cash shop schemes, monthly fees--why?  Dead Cells provides what EVERY GAME should provide: Entertainment at the highest caliber.  17Bux, a controller and some friends watching the stream turn the game's funfactor over 9000 easily ~_^.  Even if you've never played a 2-D platformer yet still enjoy a great button smashing, mind-blowing, non-stop jaunt laced with gibs and decent satire, Dead Cells hits the mark.   Excellent sprite usage, enjoyable animations, low overhead, and crisp control response make this Title fit for Gat's ""Legendary"" Category.Now there are a few things to know about the game:-You WILL die-- LOTS :)-There are some minor iFrame hinges( It's early still be patient)-None of the above matters once you get going.-This game's easy to pick up; GL mastering it!What I'd like to see implemented( no particular order):-Multiplayer (coop/DM)-HD Mode (Dx11/12) rendering(this game sooo deserves it!)-Various Main Characters a.k.a Char select: Maybe start with five each having strengths and weaknesses??--Enough yapping GO GET A COPY today!  Long live the ""funfactor"" downnnnn with the cashcowgamekiller!"
76561198060529528,Recommended,588650,33441720,Posted: 10 July,all,Garion,"The combat system is really fun and fair, when you die it's your fault, you messed up."
76561198327992324,Recommended,588650,33435038,Posted: 10 July,all,simmo3254,"Love this game so far , for me one of the best games ive played this year.The art style is unique, gameplay is fast and frantic.The loot sytem . weapons and animations are also great.Can't wait to see what else they bring to the table."
,Recommended,588650,31773589,Posted: 15 May,all,Dragonfyre79,"Absolutely love this game. If this is just Early Access with more content coming, the current price is a damn bargain. It has that metroidvania feel to it, which is fine by me. The devs at Motion Twin hit it out of the park with this title!"
,Recommended,588650,31718257,Posted: 13 May,all,ANG3LIC,"You know every once in a while a game will come to early access that shows us that there are DEVS that care about their game and want to succeed for me these games were GRIM DAWN and DIVINTY ORIGNAL SIN  which i was proud to support.. and now we have DEAD CELLS.Dead Cells is a love child between 2D pixel art, Dark souls enemy pattern memory and the exploration of the old Castlevania games. You begin with 2 starter weapons and are sent to explore a 2D procedurally generated levels of varying themes. Like dark souls you collect the ""Souls"" of downed enemies with a chance they will drop random gear. The exploration is excellent with the usual running and climbing but through out your travels you will find runes which help you access new parts of the level leading to different areas, like a rune the lets your teleport between coffins or a run that extend vines. During this time you will find timed challenges, hidden walls, chest with random gear and cursed chest to really test you. You will upgrade your your main stats which is health, weapon and skills to take and deal more damage, this upgradec come in the forms a scrolls found randomly and briding a door with roughly 1000 gold.Making it to the end of the levels gives you the chance to make permant upgrades (Using the ""Souls"") to your character in the forms of increased health potions, more damage on weapon and skills and unlocking new blueprints you found along the way. Everything gets lost when you die, the exceptions being the runes you found, a percentage of your gold (if you have the upgrade) and the feeling of doing one more playthrough. The game is very addicting with great combat and luckily you can stop and exit anywhere if you have realised you have been playing for 6 hours and should have eaten 2 hours ago.PROS:+ Tight and fluid combat+ Beautiful art and animation+ Music fits so well i never felt the need to play my own+ HUGE amount of replayabilityCONS:- No achievements, this is a biggy for me as with these type of games it keeps me coming back                                                                      (Devs have said this will be pushed in the next patch)- Random enemys will hit you for half your HP in later levels even though you just mopped thefloor with 4 of his friends in the same level- Some deaths feel cheap as some enemies can hit you through walls.- Levels feel ""samey"" after a few hours you will see the patterns.- Some weapons and skills like the elec whip, bombs, grinder, cluster bomb and clearly more                                                                      powerful and useful than most skills.All in all this is how early access should be done, game is polished, well presented and worth your time if you like these types of games. Cant wait to see what happens in the future!"
,Recommended,588650,31770833,Posted: 15 May,all,tlp,"If Dark Souls, Metroid, Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and Rogue Legacy had a perfect baby, it would be Dead Cells.10/10"
76561198044395315,Recommended,588650,31794775,Posted: 16 May,all,λ WukeWiking λ,"Amazing game, and like Dark Souls it has that feeling where you get really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when you die but still want to keep going."
76561198086891612,Recommended,588650,31750716,Posted: 14 May,all,Killerconnor666,"The game is a 10/10 in many aspects but I think that there are a few things that should be fixed or changed:- You can't jump when you are grabed on a chain.- (*) From 3rd zone onwards your amount of life matters 0 because the enemies instant kill you.- Sometimes there are part that are impossible to pass because there is too much enemies and no space.- There is a bug that throws you out of the map when rolling.- (*) Gold is very useless, and for that reason should be something to make it more usefull, for example a way to upgrade weapons, to exchange gold for cells or to buy blue prints.- (*) Sometimes you are very strong on stats but you dont get a decent weapon and you lose.- Bosses and elite enemies after the first half of life become god unless you are strong as two gods.- (*) Blueprints are more rare than getting a decent trinket, and because you dont get blueprints the gmae shows a little bit repetitive after some hours.- Trinkes are many times almost useless and very dificult to get.I recommend highly this game for being fast while battling and interesting on the desing of maps and enemies, but I really want a balance on the things I mentioned especially on those which are marked with (*)."
,Recommended,588650,31795014,Posted: 16 May,all,Aniican,"I am a hardcore Binding Of Isaac player and i've been looking for something new to play. I've tried quite a few other Rogue-Likes wanting to get the same amount of fun, but (until now) I havn't. Dead Cells mixes my love for Isaac and Guacamelee together to make the perfect game for me.However at the time of this review it has a major flaw. Active Items are extremely strong, so much so that you really have no reason to focus on any other attacks. Early on while playing this isn't as noticable, but the more you play the more you realize this. If you want to get far in the game pretty easily boost your Skills stat and get some actives like Death Orb and Magnet Bomb and you will have almost no issues. The strength of actives makes any Sword or Shield useless. Having some auto-targeting ranged item is usefull, but even that isn't needed.Even with actives being as unbalanced as they are the game is still a blast to play. If you want a challenge don't use actives, however either way you will be having tons of fun."
76561198118614815,Recommended,588650,31798642,Posted: 16 May,all,Shatterstars88 (Bumblebee),Ive never had more fun losing a game over and over again.
,Recommended,588650,31906514,Posted: 22 May,all,Eatin Da Booty,"Love the game, but there's a random map generator in Graveyard that sometimes gives you a map you can't complete. Very Frusterating. But overall a great game"
76561198005609373,Recommended,588650,31797997,Posted: 16 May,all,Itorak,"That game is so addictive.Merging metroidvania genre with roguelike style,plus random floor generation,pretty much a great experience."
,Recommended,588650,32261788,Posted: 7 June,all,Reyson Fox,Old school Caslevania and Prince of Persia's love child.
,Recommended,588650,32190562,Posted: 4 June,all,sinhakcer,combat is fast and fluid. The weapons feel good to use. rougue lite elements are a plus in my book
76561198085025621,Recommended,588650,31678701,Posted: 11 May,all,Ainra,"Hey, that's pretty good!"
,Recommended,588650,33666409,Posted: 19 July,all,Trollmonkey,"Wow.  Just wow.  What a great Rogue-lite!  The atmosphere is fantastic, every level really feels like its own area rather than just a new background with a few different mobs.  The weapon variety is really fun as well - I can't wait to find me a shovel!As far as Metroidvanias go, this one is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,588650,31811847,Posted: 17 May,all,MostlyHarmless |^|,This game is awesome but it is definately rage quit fuel. If you do not like games with a steep difficulty level this game is not for you. Dont even try it with a mouse and keyboard. Controller is a must for this game.
76561198018997229,Recommended,588650,33489467,Posted: 12 July,all,Bulletbeam,"A must play for the Roguelike genre game fanaticsGameplay is a smooth as butter and the action is intense and brutalImagine Dark Souls meets Rogue Legacy with the style of CastlevaniaDo not even think, just buy it10/10""Overconfidence is a slow and insidious killer"""
76561197984749592,Recommended,588650,33487208,Posted: 12 July,all,Fenrus,"Awesome, just, Awesome. The fastpaced action, the weapon mixes.A quick fix for when you just have half a hour to do something great in, before having to do something less fun.And its still not complete!If i have anything negative to say, is that the world feels abit samey after 50 hours, would love more paths to explore, more bosses to encounter.But still, a work in progress, and a good one at that."
76561197971511315,Recommended,588650,33695447,Posted: 21 July,all,Kinray,Played like about 40 min.Roguelike of 201711/10
76561198043666465,Recommended,588650,33357029,Posted: 7 July,all,LordChrome375,"This is the best Metroidvania game I have ever played. It's fast paced, easy to pick up but hard to learn. And you can also play how you want to with all the different weapons and spells you can buy/pickup. I did a run with only a Bow and ranged spells, and another run with a sword a shield. My favorite is a sword and spell. They only thing you'll dislike about the game is when you die, because you know it was your fault.Defiantly a game I would recoomend for those who love fast paced hack and slash games with beaitful level design."
76561198011895512,Recommended,588650,32711027,Posted: 23 June,all,Civil,"Satisfying combat, beautiful environments.Easy to pick up, hard to master.Definitely worth your time, if you're a fan of Dark Souls, the Binding of Isaac or Rogue Legacy"
76561198055714500,Recommended,588650,33644129,Posted: 18 July,all,Deepwood,"Game's great so far. If the game gets officially released it'll be one of the better games in the store.Pros: A lot of of different weapons and mobs. It will take you some time to collect and level everything.Game is very rewarding once you get the hang of it and controls are very responsive.Cons: You might get a bit frustrated since you will die a lot on your first playthroughs.Despite having a lot of weapons and spells to collect, the game doesn't have too many levels yet.Hopefully this project isn't left in limbo since it's extremely promising and will sell for sure."
,Recommended,588650,33585001,Posted: 16 July,all,LastTourniquet,"Fast Paced? Check.Difficult? Check.Fair? Check.Amazing Graphics? Check.Tons of Unique Weapons? Check.Crazy Boss Fights? Check.Sense of Progression? Check.Great community? Check.Devs that care about the game? Check.Honestly this game is amazing and if you enjoy Metroid-Vania games, Rouge-Like games, Difficult Games, or just Beautiful gamesthen I highly suggest you check this out. Yes its an early access game and that may be a turn off for some but at least do yourself a favor and watch some gameplay videos on Youtube or Twitch or whatever your media sorce of choice is and see if its something you would enjoy."
,Recommended,588650,33353570,Posted: 7 July,all,MassCreed,"Dead Cells is a really great Castlevania and Metriod type game mixed with  Rougue-like.The videos do not do the game justice, The smoothness of the movement and the seemless fast switching from primary weapon to seconddary weapon attacks, and from running to rolling,  it just feels extremely satisfying and urgent.Dead Cells has an engaging and satisfying progression system  were you spend cells you collets to upgrade the random drops that show up later on in the the level. This  mechanic gives the game a much longer lifespan than most Rougue likes.The major flaw in the game is the same as every other Rougue like. The begining areas, theres not enough  variation, even though there randomly generated. this game needs a huge overhaul of the starting areas of the game, meaning the basic starting location, the sewers, and the promanade. all need much... MUCH more variation, seeing as how you will see those areas the most."
,Recommended,588650,31799799,Posted: 16 May,all,xGryfter,"If classic Diablo/Diablo 2 era Blizzard were to make a 2D side scrolling Rogue like/lite game I believe it would be a hell of a lot like Dead Cells. Great animation, great audio, great art direction and great gameplay; If you like Rogue like/lite games like Rogue Legacy Dead Cells is an absolute must buy. If you've never played a Rogue game Dead Cells is the perfect entry to break your rogue like/lite cherry."
,Recommended,588650,32381759,Posted: 12 June,all,PrettzL,This is a game.
76561198067151731,Recommended,588650,33461966,Posted: 11 July,all,raggedyboy,"So, dead cells... Right now, as I'm playing, its gotten one of its first major updates, and I have to say, i'm very impressed with what the developers have been able to do with this game so far.DeadCells is a game of the Rogue/Roguelite genre in which each time you play the game its a new playthrough. If you die, that play through is over, and you must restart. Now, thats not to say all your progress is lost... As you go through each playthrough, killing enemies, and finding items, you'll notice that you gain Cells from killing enemies. These cells can be used in the in between parts of areas (checkpoints in which you can regain health and chill for a bit) to purchase new items and upgrade older ones. So far, there is a plethora of various items for you to find, and use through you playthroughs, and many more to come it seems...The pros:This game does a fairly decent job in the increase of difficulty as the player proceeds from area to area. It feels balanced to a player who spent time to get items and upgrades in the prior area, but punishes those who rush to the next area with an increased difficulty in enemies and surroundings.There are many secrets to explore in the many levels present in this game, providing enough content to keep you interested for a long time.The boss fights are challenging, but fun, as well as the elite monster battles (super buffed up versions of normal monsters you can find in areas, and kill for special items.) and don't feel impossible to fight, as long as you prepared yourself ahead of time.The developers are invested in the community, and the game itself, which is a hallmark of a good game.The amount of weapons, and abillities one to unlock and use provides a wide variety of unique playstyles for the player.The game is, overall, just really fun. (And addicting, mind you... Don't be surprised if you get into the 'Just one more run' mentality)Cons:Unfortunately, this game being early access, and with many updates changing the game, there are a few bugs from time to time. Mostly small things, but I've had a few larger ones on occasion that ruined a run through. (Such as when i fought an Elite, but when it activated its second phase, for whatever reason, I fell through the floor into are room with multiple spikes, getting caught between the Elite, its minions, and the spikes.)Quite simply, the first area, and some of the earlier ones, become annoying. The enemies there are always the same ones, and even though the area procedurally  generated, it still feels the same as the last time you had to go through it after death.If you are unlucky, you may not get many items in the first two areas, due to the way it was generated, which causes later ones to be quite the challenge, sometimes even too challenging. (Though, I guess one could argue that this is a feature that makes the game more fun if you like the challenge.)FINAL THOUGHTS:To be honest, I was digging through the weeds to find those cons, overall, I believe this is an overwhelmingly great game, and definitely worth looking into if you are interested by the concept. Despite how new this game is, there is a TON of content in it, and there is a bunch more to come. All I can say now, is that I'm VERY interested in seeing how the developers take this game to the next level...(P.S.- If you decided to purchase this game, I hope you enjoy it as much as I do!)"
,Recommended,588650,33481465,Posted: 12 July,all,Mutak,"This game is better in early access than 99% of the ""finished"" games I own. The art, animation, action, balance of difficulty, variety of weapons and skills - all superb."
,Recommended,588650,32802106,Posted: 25 June,all,PolloQuemado,game is litone of the first platformers i actually liked
,Recommended,588650,33056014,Posted: 30 June,all,WeDGE[VSR],"if you like SOTN, buy this asap"
76561198397828976,Recommended,588650,33964193,Posted: 1 August,all,ChillAxin,"This game is a classic example of DSA, or Dark Souls Addiction.  Ya see the game does very little in the way of hand holding, requires you to learn as you go along and, inevitably, die and die and die and die and die and die and, just for added measure, die a lot more.  It is also fair in the way it's stacked against the player so veterans will be able to breeze through what they once had issues with.Also worthy of note is that my rig isn't even optimized for this game and it still is running smoothly so far.  All of the positive reviews you see at the top of the page are well-deserved."
,Recommended,588650,33538056,Posted: 14 July,all,TwiZteD,"I can highly recommend this game to anyone who likes roguelike games, but this one in particular is very vast pace. There are 2 ways to play it: speedrun and get lucky on the timed doors, or clear everything so you get every upgrade in each biome."
,Recommended,588650,33972547,Posted: 2 August,all,robflop,"Amazing game, even in Early Access. Similar to Rogue Legacy and other rogue-likes, this game mixes difficulty and fun perfectly well. (I found Rogue Legacy a bit too difficult to enjoy.)Content is present in a good amount, i've already played 11 hours and still have a lot to do. Gathering the different unlockables such as Weapons, Shields and Accessories feels satisfying and really enhances every subsequent playthrough.The art is also absolutely stellar, the areas you visit are very nice to look at while playing -- so is the soundtrack."
,Recommended,588650,34007231,Posted: 3 August,all,Fruit,I never thought I could be so happy but yet so angry at a game at the same time. I love this game to bits even though I haven't played much of it yet. I would recommend this game entirely for any rogue like lovers!
,Recommended,588650,32211705,Posted: 5 June,all,Not Froge,"A fast paced, visceral experience of slow progression and souls-lite combat. It's a little short on content, but that's to be expected from an early access game. The controls are really simple and just feel good, it's perfectly fine to play on mouse and keyboard, and it's just generally fun. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,588650,33723482,Posted: 22 July,all,A BROKEN CRT TV UNIT. .,"There's really no reason for you not to get this game. Tight controls, difficult yet satisfying gameplay, awesome visuals that won't brick your PC... Get it now.Also, just because a game is in Early Access doesn't make it bad. In fact, I find there's a lot of charm in Early Access games! Just use your judgement and see if the game is something you want before you start ragging on it. It's in Early Access for a reason; to develop and evolve into the final product."
,Recommended,588650,33616289,Posted: 17 July,all,Kanbara,"Difficult yet clearable with sufficient understanding of player's attacking/movement limitations, monsters/elites/bosses mechanics and move sets, amazing pixel graphics, fluent interactivity.Solid 9.5/100.5 comes from game not being fully released yet. Kappa"
,Recommended,588650,33204745,Posted: 3 July,all,Bandites,Just one more runJust one more runJust one more runJust one more runJust one more runJust one more runJust one more runJust one more runJust one more runJust one more runJust one more run
,Recommended,588650,33004442,Posted: 29 June,all,SLURM187,"Mix Binding of Isaac with Castlevania and you get a super addicitng side scroller. You will not regret this game. It can be brutally hard, but feels rewarding every playthough as certain aspects of your playthroughs carry through to your next run. Very souls-esque."
76561198158872321,Recommended,588650,34122210,Posted: 9 August,all,ZinogreTW,"I like the game so far even though its still in early access.Just a few hours of playing i got the hang of it, being able to traverse easily, avoiding enemy attacks, using different weapons and strategies then after all that i beat the 1st boss.I thought that this game was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥easy but after the 1st boss, the next area...... that's where the game brutally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fast af enemies everywhere spamming all their cheap attacks till u git gud.this game has potential can't w8 for more updates."
,Recommended,588650,33470715,Posted: 11 July,all,Little Lion,"I never post reviews, until this game absolutely sucked me in and compelled me to.Now, where to begin.The Pros:-Fluid, responsive combat is the true crown jewel of this game. Now don't get me wrong, the game requires quick input responses and some knowledge of monster attack patterns, especially in the later levels. But every kill feels satisfying and after mastering the controls you can feel like a god.-A sense of progress. Most rogue-lites I've played don't have a progression system in place like Dead cells, and if they do, not as well done. For each level you collect ""dead cells"" from random enemies unfortunate enough to cross your path. These cells are turned in to a merchant after completing each level, allowing you to use them for weapon upgrades, completing blueprints that give you new weapons, permanent health potions, etc. It feels extremely satisfying to unlock a blueprint or upgrade a weapon, urging you to do one last run...and then its 2 hours later :)-Weapon variety and combos. One aspect of this game I adore is the amount of playstyles you can take depending on your luck and weapon choices. You begin with a starting sword, starting bow/long range weapon, and starting parry shield. You may choose 2 of those, dictating a different playstyle for each choice. A great feature is that within the 3 categories are weapons that differ from each other. What I mean is that for the sword category, there are swords that require you to be close to the enemy, or swords that reach much further out, but require longer animation time to complete. With the short swords you can tend to be more reckless, as they are quicker responses. The long swords require planned action and good timing. The same goes for the bow/long range category. There are energy whips, long bows, crossbows, close-up bows, you name it. The shield category is more limited, but with a few shield varieties that are fun to play with later on in the game. The combos you can execute in this game based on weapon choices are addicting.-Content. Dead Cells has an amazing amount of content for an EA game. The shear amount of weapons available to be unlocked matched with the progression system is impressive. The swords, shields, long range weapons, and abilities (bombs, decoys, chain-bows) will keep you going on runs for hours to try out that new weapon combo. There is a nice variety of enemies that test your knowledge of their attack patterns. Each level introduces unique enemies that are harder to kill. For the asking price and state of the game, I can't complain about the content as of now.The Cons:Level design. To clarify, this isn't a GLARING issue, just the biggest annoyance I have with the game currently. The levels in Dead Cells are on a sliding scale from easy to hard. Each level is randomly generated, but you will always start off in the same first area and progress towards 3 other potential levels to enter within the first area. These levels will then lead into another 2-3 same potential levels. Even though the levels are all randomly generated, I couldn't help but feel each run seems kind of similar to the last. This didn't hinder me, but I could see how some players would get burned out from this.Overall Score: 9/10- After 14 hours, I still haven't beat a single run. Getting more skilled as you play, the sense of progress, and different playstyles keep this game fresh and addicting to play. If you're on the fence but a fan of rogue-lites (or not), please don't hesitate to give this game a shot. It's more than worth your time and will only get better with great devs who listen to the community!"
,Recommended,588650,31692042,Posted: 11 May,all,NPC,"This is the first Roguevania that I've played that nails the aesthetic and controls.Pros:1. Amazing likeness to the best Castlevanias on DS and Symphony. It's so smooth.2. Animations are on point.3. Great Roguelite progression, really enjoy unlocking new weapons and finding them.4. Great progression per game - pick up powerups that are HP, Strength, or Skills, or pick up a powerup that makes you pick.5. Great incentives to keep replaying - certain chests are time-gated. If you have played the first 3-4 areas a bunch, you'll get all of those time-based chests. Your first run? You get a little tease of what might be waiting.CONS:1. A bit light on content, but it's early access and still amazing nonetheless.2. Sometimes I can see quite clearly where the randomly-generated levels take geometry templates and reuse them.3. I might have to stop playing so I still have interest when it's out of Early Access. This game is ADDICTIVE.Overall: 10/10 for a Roguevania title. The only other title I can think of that deserves this name is Rogue Legacy, and this is far more deserving of the title based on how closely it holds to the newer 2D (NOT the abomination from the 3DS) Castlevania titles.Lovely game for $15. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,588650,34338005,Posted: 18 August,all,Spaghetti Joe,">Acquire any weapon/skill that inflicts burn>Acquire weapon with damage modifier stat on burned enemies>Spend any upgrade scroll you find on strength, because more hp is for ♥♥♥♥♥es>Bulldozer your way through the gameCool and diverse items, entertaining gameplay, beautiful pixel art, amazing atmosphereHeavily recommend this game, it's worth every penny"
,Recommended,588650,34397505,Posted: 21 August,all,Fahrenheit°,"I really love this game so far, being at 7.4 hours at the time of the review, but due to the EA-state, it has some not-so nice bugs.Bugs- Game crashes, which closes steam and seems to also throw out the run.- Errors when it comes to wall collision- Game randomly crashes when entering new areas, and afterThe Incomplete One- Recycling items- Many other issues!However, that doesn't ruin the experience for me. I still love this game nonetheless."
76561198217392968,Recommended,588650,34394924,Posted: 21 August,all,Luigivaba,Game remenescent from Castlevania and Gouls and GoblinsLots of red Herings included
76561198336623313,Recommended,588650,33636360,Posted: 18 July,all,Richard,great game with  a great feeling along with crisp sounds and music
,Recommended,588650,34207126,Posted: 12 August,all,GRIMDARK,"Challenging, good progression, fun!"
,Recommended,588650,34212932,Posted: 13 August,all,Titan of Immdreihimm,"I like it (yep this review is useless, just giving a thumbs up)"
76561198125166377,Recommended,588650,32573842,Posted: 19 June,all,Mcalaja,"This is a nice and fun game, taking risks can be rewarding. I think you should get this game if you think that you would like it. (remember that i wrote this during the early access)"
76561198399389773,Recommended,588650,34284380,Posted: 16 August,all,Chilly_Gamer,Dead Cells is the best Metroidvania game on  steam in 2017.
76561198152673820,Recommended,588650,34296797,Posted: 16 August,all,Dk guillotine,if you like rouge likes this is a must have and absolute must the high difficulty and mass amount of content makes this one of the best rouge likes i have ever played it truly blew me away by how great this game get it get GET IT!
,Recommended,588650,33462452,Posted: 11 July,all,Nullsix6,"Early access?This game doesn't feel like an early access game. Truly mesmerizing, unique, fun and has a very niche atmosphere going on. One of those games where you say to yourself ""One more level, i swear, and i'm back to real life"" but then you just can't let go of the controller and you want to experience another run, once again.Now for specifics -Pros:-FUN!-Challenging, while (surprise surprise) rewarding.-Has a very nice 16bit style of animation, everything feels fluid, dynamic and colourful.-The gameplay is very addicting, Once you get the hang of it, you'll want to go deeper and deeper.-While it is a procedurally generated (don't know if it's a pro or a con, your opinion) the game manages to feel exciting every level you go through.-Although you go back to the start when you die, unlike other games which go by this style, Dead Cells makes you progress by gaining cells every level and at the end of it spending them on various upgrades. It doesn't feel like you wasted an hour or two on a run, but instead - dying is learning, and you gain more through every time you try.-Committed team of Developers who update the game regularily.Cons:-Still an early access game by definition (almost doesn't feel like it, i swear) but there are a few corners left untouched.-In my opinion, the music is only okay, and a bit ""forgettable"".-Could have more variety of enemies in each level (a minor con)"
,Recommended,588650,34273910,Posted: 16 August,all,Happy,Fisting naughty chests Simulator 2017 Tentacle♥♥♥♥♥♥Finisher Edition
,Recommended,588650,32546737,Posted: 18 June,all,Twiggy,Games this addictive should be illegal.10/10
76561198088733476,Recommended,588650,32547119,Posted: 18 June,all,Draconian,With the new Elemental update the game became superb.I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys rogue-lites with progression saving.
,Recommended,588650,31795850,Posted: 16 May,all,Scoot,"Metroidvania roguelite with Dark Souls aesthetic (shut up, you know it's true) driven with a unique way to get around explaining dying and reviving.Gameplay makes you feel like a badass. It plays almost like the castlevania games with a dodge roll.This review is during early access, game JUST came out. Looking forward to more content."
,Recommended,588650,32547697,Posted: 18 June,all,Komimatt,"A very good showing for early access, if the team continues to work on it until its official realease this game will be an amazing single player experience."
76561198235449272,Recommended,588650,32548661,Posted: 18 June,all,cubeintocube,Great game.
76561198068641020,Recommended,588650,34102399,Posted: 8 August,all,Fourttrax,"Dead Cell is a procedurally generated 2D rough-lite with pixel graphics. You might think at first that sounds great. And for the most part you would be right. With the heavy movement and the thoughtful combat this game checks off all my boxes when I play a game of this caliber. Hitting a weak enemy makes you feel powerful and attacking a formidable opponent makes you have to re-strategize, attack and overcome. Starting out with nothing and working your way to your favorite loadout or making up a new winning combination on the fly makes the game feel fresh.However, the procedural generation as of right now is the thing holding this game back to me. And most of the time the paths are fairly obvious and fit within the parameters that the developer laid out. But to me I just feel that I'm missing out on a great feeling single player campaign. Yes I feel like I'm getting better as I play but it's very demoralizing to having the winning combination and beat the difficult boss, full health, just to die to a new group of enemies that you haven't had time to learn to work against.As I see the game, the procedural generation and the no checkpoint, are the mechanics that don't work well together. I can see this as a really fun mode to play after I beat a single player game. But, the lack of knowledge going into a new area isn't as exciting and frightening as the Dark Souls games, Castlevania or Hollow Knight as much as it's accepting that you're probably going to die or rush passed all the enemies and go into the next area being underleveled. And having to restart at the beginning of the game with absolutely nothing gets frustrating.All that being said, I still love this game a lot and I don't rant about Early Access Games unless I really care for the game's outcome. To summarize, great game so far, I would just prefer a single player campaign with this game mode as a separate option, or to add checkpoints for people that can't ""git gud"". Regardless, I'm extremely excited to see what they add and change to this game over this year."
,Recommended,588650,31730951,Posted: 13 May,all,emimax28,"Addictive and difficult game, simple but great"
,Recommended,588650,34203740,Posted: 12 August,all,DestroyerOfWorlds420,castlevania!
76561197972979421,Recommended,588650,34485036,Posted: 25 August,all,Anticitizen One,"Dead Cells is the roguelike I didn't know I was waiting for. It deftly combines the fluidity of randomly-generated levels with the stability of a Metroidvania adventure into a game that you can plan for and strategize about, but never fully predict. It's a game I have to force myself to stop playing whenever I pick it up, and it's sure to only get better as it progresses. Buy this game now, because it's so good the developers could easily justify bringing the price up on the final release."
76561197965959703,Recommended,588650,31728544,Posted: 13 May,all,Raydsol,One of the best Early Access Game of the first day of its pre-release. Realy promising!
76561197978479111,Recommended,588650,32139252,Posted: 2 June,all,Rezel,"My first comparison is thinking along the lines of Faster than Light turned into a 2d platformer, but you will feel a big castlevania vibe however with a new stage that is generated every time you enter a new map (from what I could tell each map is a stage and you cant go back unless your killed and start over).You only have a limited number of weapon/skill slots that you are switching out constantly as you go through levels, items are generally bought from a store, or found in chests on the map field (and sometimes dropped off enemies).Items you get on your characters life are only for that run, but you can spend souls that you pick up during your run to upgrade your items for the next time you come across it (soul upgrades are a permit upgrade)The combat flow is easy to get into, but it’s also easy to get all your hp drained away because you lost track of yourself in a brawl.This game does fall victim to the ""just one more run"" routine where you end up playing for an extra hour.Any deaths that occur in the game for me have never felt unfair or cheap, but more of a screw-up on my own part that I should have backed off or just healed (and some cases not stood there and healed).Over all the gameplay is very good, my only gripe is that on death there is no way to recover the souls/blueprints you collected on a stage, a perk or shop to spend gold on lost items would be a great addition to round things out when you start over, that way if you have some coins from your last run still, you have the opportunity to at least try and reclaim some of your lost items before heading back out.You can spend gold at shops to buy one of 4 random items during a stage/level, and when changing maps your given the opratunity to spend souls on perks and damage boosts for weapons.Otherwise when you die you lose everything, but there are perks you can buy with souls to retain some of your gold on death, and have a random level 1 weapon spawn at the start, but its not as bad as it sounds, onces you know how to deal with enemie types it becomes easy to get back to where you were."
,Recommended,588650,32135425,Posted: 2 June,all,PURUSU URATURA,"Just coming off of a huge Dark Souls 1 and 2 binge, playing other games always left me wishing for something more difficult and based on long-term progress, rather than just beating a series of levels and finishing. This game is very difficult, very rewarding, and ultimately feels like an extremely fast-paced and focused metroidvania game, of which I have a lot of love and experience in. The only two complaints I have as of the Elemental Update is that the shields are still too underpowered and the new added enemy with the energy spikes on its back needs to be balanced in some way. Other than that, this is a very satisfying game worth the price, and I cannot wait to see future content updates."
,Recommended,588650,34746401,Posted: 4 September,all,Green Cunt,"This game is awesome. The pixel art is out of this world, the level of detail they put in is impressive and the animations are pretty smooth.The gameplay could be describe as a ''Castlevania like'' action-adventure with a Rogue-like death system. The map follow the same overall layout but every time you die, the path to the exit changes. I got a Dark Souls feeling about the overall game. From the roll system that is very important, to the healing system (estus flask/healing flask) and the dark fantasy style background, everything look like it could be in the Dark Souls universe."
,Recommended,588650,33560576,Posted: 15 July,all,CaptainCoulomb,"This is such a fantastic game. The combat is extremely satisfying, the gameplay mechanics are very well used and the stylistic choices made are perfect. Dead Cells very quickly opens itself up to highly enjoyable gameplay."
,Recommended,588650,33292948,Posted: 5 July,all,Darkhaul,"A shining example of an early access game on steam!Fluid well refined gameplay, plenty of content (and undoubtedly much more to be added in the future), a satisfying difficulty curve and regular updates. On top of its excellent handling of early access, this game takes some of the best aspects from games such as Dark Souls, Castlevania and Rogue Legacy then bundles them all together into one amazing game. This game is set to only improve with time as more content is added and the world is expanded upon and I can't wait to see where it goes."
,Recommended,588650,32950333,Posted: 28 June,all,Sporky,Amazing game. Even though it's still in early access it is still well worth it. Can't wait for full release.
,Recommended,588650,34874720,Posted: 10 September,all,TONS OF DAMAGE,If game trailer looks like 6/10 just know actual game is 10/10
76561198088744262,Recommended,588650,31874659,Posted: 20 May,all,VencirGan,"If you have even the slightest thought you'd like this game. Just buy it. If you think you'd like it even just a tiny tiny bit buy it. Its a damn good game, As of right now, roughly 2 hours of playing it. I love this game so much already, it does everything so right for a game in this genre.Positives:- Amazing art style: It blends everything together so nicely.- Progression is AMAZING. This is how roguelike games should be.- Challenging but fair.- Music is great.- Tons of secrets, secret areas that are challenging to complete.- A lot of variety in playstyle, every ability feels useful as does every weapon.- Rewards you for blocking properly(some items reward you even more)- Combat is fast paced and reaction based. Its great. You feel at fault when you get hit.- Invites speed running with open arms. And can reward you in a number of ways because of it.- TONS of replay value. and I can't believe they're adding more.Stuff that may bother you?:- Uh. Don't know what to put here really. but its generating system can feel bad at times, and good. Its back and forth, but thats all systems. This game has felt the best about it, it feels like it all fits together like puzzle pieces to make a complete puzzle, so I don't even want to call this negative.- A lack of a story. (In my opinion every game could have a story, but the story means way less when everything else is hit on the money, like moment to moment gameplay, and your overall enjoyment of the game.)- Just buy it already. Seriously just buy it if you have the slightest thought you might like the game."
76561198137098020,Recommended,588650,33437280,Posted: 10 July,all,Nomsquidge47,"It combines all of the fun of a Dark Souls game with the simplicity and creativity of a good 2D platform. 10/10 Would buy again.- edit: While my opinions of this game haven't changed, I seem to be unable to get the game to launch. It always crashes with an error message that the program entered an infinite loop."
76561198383449808,Recommended,588650,34739168,Posted: 4 September,all,GetTriggered,"Dead Cells is a Rogue-like with elements and mechanics similar to Dark Souls, so I guess it's also a Souls-Like, Rogue-Souls-Like genre inbound...but it also has randomized level design with tiered levels of access via items/abilities that are acquired the further you progress, unlocking more interactions and options in earlier stages permanently, so now it's also a Metroid-vania game too, it never ends. But it's currently in Early Access on PC, and despite that it has a wealth of content on offer in the form of various areas to explore, numerous enemies and bosses to combat as well as plenty of weapons and spells to acquire and upgrade as you go. There are some gramtical and design errors than are barely even noticable really but its one of the only complaints i have with it to be honest. Overall, it's a pretty impressive game already, and only stands to get better."
,Recommended,588650,35122770,Posted: 22 September,all,Thrax,"Idk how many times i've died... it's so fun tho! Every time you die, you get a little better. I'm at the point where i'm just speeding through the game going as far and fast as i possibly can and still unlocking lots of weapons in the process. I can't wait to see more stuff in future updates. You can play quick and dangerous, or slow and cautious. Either way, both ways are rewarding in their own way. I hope to see so much more!!! <3"
,Recommended,588650,33411085,Posted: 9 July,all,Lil Micro Uzi,One of the best early access games currently out there. Gameplay is fun. Items are fun. Music is fun. Enemies are fun. And achievements are fun.I highly reccommend you purchase this game.
,Recommended,588650,32743488,Posted: 24 June,all,Oisin,"wow. just wow.This game is so awesome. Only played like 3h and am in love with it.Its really hard tho(no checkpoints), so I keep ragequitting. Theres lots of different Items, runes, powerups etc.Just note: This game is much easier if you are using a controller!!!"
,Recommended,588650,34899700,Posted: 12 September,all,ButtercupYuki,"Fun. Can't wait for the complete version. If I had one gripe it would be the aerial attacks, or the lack there of. The animations are the same in both air and ground, which makes attacking in the air kinda useless. Hard games are fine but can we please have a checkpoint between bosses, this is too rough."
,Recommended,588650,31692647,Posted: 11 May,all,Secretary,10/10 would tickle my way into a headless corpse again.
76561198097982480,Recommended,588650,33123226,Posted: 2 July,all,[SGiP] Ång-Hästen,"Its like a great unfinished song by Dr. Alban! 8/10""Work work seven to five everydayWork work tryin to make a livin"" / The great Alban"
,Recommended,588650,34901743,Posted: 12 September,all,Radiant Paladin,"Rogue-Like done right.Has the harsh but far difficulty of Dark Souls in the rogue-like style gameplay, I don't think I've ever been this enthralled in this style of game before.Don't get me wrong, I have died in the game. ALOT. It's just about impossible not to, and it can be slightly fustrating when you've been having a good run and/or you loose a bunch of good equipment plus a decent handful of Cells you had on you.Combat feels sharp and responsive, and when you get used to timing things like the shield correctly it feels really awesome and rewarding to utilise a block mid-combo, the game rewards taking the time to learn you weapons.Each run never really feels wasted or like it didn't really add to anything. At the bare minimum, each run lets you collect a few more Cells to add to whichever talent you've been trying to unlock, but there is so much experimentation and exploring that each time I finally die and finish a run its never felt cheap and I've always learnt or taken away something from that run that I can make use of on the next one.It also give you alot of incentive to get right back in there and try and get even furthur next time you die.If you can't tell by now I'm thoroughly enjoying this game, and I'd definitely recommend it, even in early access."
,Recommended,588650,33414619,Posted: 9 July,all,Kreeko,"Satisfying as hell combat, incredible art, great OST, incredible replay value and an amazing sense of progression.Even though this game is in early access, it feels extremely polished and well made to a point were it feels like a fully finished game.10/10 - ♥♥♥♥ing amazing game so far. Can't wait to see what's to come."
76561198125838927,Recommended,588650,33408911,Posted: 9 July,all,Pagan,"This game is rad, it's quickly becoming one of my favorites. That being said, DO NOT try playing without a gamepad of some sort: e.g. XBox controller. Trying to play this game with just a keyboard and mouse setup will be extremely difficult, if not impossible.I love the fast pace gameplay. Lack of lore allows for your own ideas of how the character became what he became (at least so far in Early Access). Cool weapons and blueprint unlocks allow you to spend your cells on stuff that you think would work best, but be careful of crappy weapons. Strategic weapon and item setups, and learning the enemy attacks, is the key for this game."
,Recommended,588650,34983886,Posted: 15 September,all,[V101] Zach Wilson,good
76561198023785682,Recommended,588650,32145123,Posted: 2 June,all,Rushiz,So this was an amazing game. Im not going to lie leaving a good review because was amazing afew things that need polishing for example climbing chains ect. And unfortunatly there are only two bosses in the game. I got a really lucky run and had huge stats and destroyed the entire game. I slaughtered the finnal boss but the ending of the game was pretty pathetic. All in all great rogue lite game for sure!
,Recommended,588650,35256726,Posted: 28 September,all,Shagroth,"I'm gonna start off with a message to the dev team. You better finish this game soon, cause that scene at the end was just rude. You cheeky little devils you.This game pisses me off. Not because it's too hard or it pulls cheap tricks to kill you, but it makes you realize you that you, the player, are a scrub.HOW DARE YOU MAKE ME REALIZE I'M NOT GOOD ENOUGH?!Git gud homies. Cause you're gonna need it."
,Recommended,588650,34850065,Posted: 9 September,all,Rebba,Favourite game in my library.Nerf the ƒucking Slashers though.
,Recommended,588650,32495157,Posted: 16 June,all,diegocintra.fx,"Challenging, incredible, one of the best games I've ever played."
,Recommended,588650,35317445,Posted: 29 September,all,SNAJP,"hmmm really interesting at the beginning but after 12h into the game i lost every will to play.Starting all over and over is not my thing, but i think it's great way of figuring out various tactics of all the combinations."
,Recommended,588650,33530716,Posted: 14 July,all,Gabriel,This door was sealed 1 second ago.
76561198005608363,Recommended,588650,35395815,Posted: 1 October,all,Last of the Meheecans,I love this game everything about it is great gameplay is spot and it looks great. Support this game and its developers. I also have a video review for this game athttps://youtu.be/beiB9n0tvmw
,Recommended,588650,31675541,Posted: 10 May,all,Caldaria,"My first hour with this game was pretty disappointing, but it was all because of my own inexperience.Once you get the hang of how everything works, it's super fun and a blast to play.All the stages are randomized but follow a certain framework that is unique to every given biome.For example, one of them is basically just an obstacle course where you move from left to right, but with 3 or 4 vertical shafts that you can explore for loot. It keeps things fresh while also providing you with a feeling of familiarity over time.The metroidvania moniker is a bit misleading, since all the stages are separate from one another and do not allow for any backtracking. Once you move through a gate, that's it. If thats a metroidvania to you, then so is Super Mario Brothers.To be fair though, you do get a very small amount of permanent upgrades that give you more options in future runs. But that's it.The biggest highlight is definitely the combat.It is fast, fluid, responsive, has you dodge-roll, and let's you use two weapons and items for various combos.I tend to go with a sword + throwing knives combo that is way more fun than it has any right to be.The throwing knives are fast, target the closest enemy, and place a stacking bleed on it. They also replenish after every kill. Stun and freeze bombs are nice for some of the tougher enemies, and you can carry two of the same if you want to. What's so great about them is their very short cooldown of roughly 6 seconds. All these design decisions make for a varied, creative, fun combat experience that rivals most other platformers. There is very little downtime, which means you can always keep pushing.What might turn you off is how unforgiving the game can be.If you die even once, you lose everything and go back to the very beginning.There are ways to make future runs easier, but if you're not the kind of person who enjoys roguelikes/roguelites, this is not the game for you.What makes this game exceedingly brutal is the ridiculously low amount of invincibility the game grants you whenever you get hit. It's only a split second and it gave me the dumbest death I have seen in a long time: The Morning Star of Perpetual Punishment™. I jumped into one of those rotating morning stars and it kept hitting me over and over again until I died. The knockback was so minor, it actually kept me in its trajectory, registering hit after hit, killing me within a second, in the air. There was nothing I could do about it and I felt cheated.Sadly, this kind of death is normal (at least at the time of writing), because enemies can (and will) do the same if you let them gang up on you. There was one time when I died so fast (from full health to zero), I didn't even register what had happened. I hope the devs take note and fix it, because this kind of stuff is deeply frustrating, especially if you're carrying rare blueprints for new unlocks.Other than that, there really isn't anything wrong with the game.It's a bit rough around the edges, but what's there is solid.I hope they add a borderless window option, as well as some UI customization, because when you have to go downwards all the time, having the UI (and especially the map) block your view is pretty annoying."
,Recommended,588650,35430249,Posted: 2 October,all,Lúz,"Game is in early access when this review was posted. Not going to take lack of content into consideration.Stunning work made by a small indie team.Summary:+ pixel graphics reminiscent of Castlevania and Metroid games+ an entire variety of weapons and abilities to use+ combat and movement are very smooth+ difficulty gradually gets higher when you progress+ permament upgrades let you get stronger on your next run+ randomly generated levels do feel different every time you play+ lots of content even when the devs claim half of the game is left- not so immersive soundtrack--Suggestions / Bugs:* I've had some problems with the randomly generated levels. Not entirely sure if an entire empty room should be generated in the first place, it's ridiculous to do so. Same goes with very big passages that end up in a dead end.* 'Hardmode' mode should be included sometime in the future.* Bosses should be made tougher when the player acquires higher level permanent upgrades.* Some kind of ability or object that allows you to save your dead cells in case you acidentally die during a run.--Overall I'm sure I made a good choice on buying this game. It's one of the very few early access games that are worth the money.It's a must for Metroidvania, roguelike, and plataformer fans too.I patiently wait for more content updates to keep adding more hours into this game."
76561198151444895,Recommended,588650,35454958,Posted: 3 October,all,Lilpoetboy,One of the best game I've played all year. Very addictive. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,588650,32984934,Posted: 29 June,all,PawKnight,"I saw my friend playing this game for couple of minutes. Didn't think much of if. ""Oh, looks nice. Could be nice for early access game. ""Bought the game. Forgot it for couple of days..When I finally tried it (with a controller). It feels really darn good.Solid movement, combat feels right, nice graphics for my like, nice music..Huge variety of weapons on skills with different modifiers..Suddenly 32 hours of game time. You just want to try one more round of this game after death.""Maybe I can do better this time.. Maybe I get more skill based build this time.. How it would go with just melee.. How about bow? ""You really want to try many different builds what feels right.I recommend this for people who likes a challenge, try new things, collect stuff and so on.Even that this is still incomplete game, it will surely give you many hours of fun time!"
76561198094595087,Recommended,588650,33504513,Posted: 13 July,all,wilf.nelson,"This is a very good game but it is not Dark Souls or Castlevania or Metroid really. Its closest twin is Rogue Legacy with death more being a delaying tactic and the maps constantly changing. I really like the game and this game has had lots of people scrambling for the best comparison so here is mine:Bloodborne meets Mark of the Ninja.The combat is super fast, very visceral and you are rewarded for a highly aggressive combat style where you should almost never get hit (or take huge amounts of damage) and if you do then health regen comes from hitting other enemies in the middle of combat (a very bloodborne style mechanic). It makes this a very, very fast paced game, not to mention the timed doors which allow you to unlock the late game items but only if you are playing the game at near speedrun level. Certain items are unbalanced compared to others but I'll get back to this later.The movement is also perfect in the same way that Mark of the Ninja's movement was perfect. You can run at just the right speed to feel like you are getting where you want to be but not too fast to lose control (looking at you every Sonic game ever). The mantling works fine and you can jump and roll to get through levels with surprising speed and grace but will still screw up a few times. It is very easy to blast through a whole level in a minute or two with a near whirlwind pace or take your time and search every nook and cranny and take five to six minutes. This is good because you always start out in the same location and you want to be able to just blitz old locations very quickly to get back to the high level ones.My criticism of the game is down to the balancing of its randomised areas. There are lots of playthroughs online where they will get some equipment like a middle level bow or the AoE damage spells early and claim the game is super easy and broken. The problem with this is that it doesn't keep the same tactics throughout but you may not get an opportunity to change your weapons to a better one. In the earlier levels enemies are considerably slower and easier to stun so you can quickly bomb a location, spray fire and just watch all the enemies die. But later on the enemies will poise through and murder you or chase you down leaving your flaming patch far in the distance. There are only a few weapons in the entire game which are perfect throughout and getting the right combination of them is very difficult. I played this couch co-op with my mate and joked that I would get a long sword with status effect for close combat and a powerful ranged weapon each time (a very good combination) for him to be stuck with a shield and whip which would only work on the smaller stunnable enemies and left him running around the levels post the first boss like he was in the Benny Hill show.The randomisation and lack of balance in the weapons means you end up rolling the dice and hoping to find something good but it can totally backfire and leave you at 60% of the way through the game with no way to realistically continue until you play frame perfect for the next 10 minutes. The released version should have something which lets you save sets of equipment i.e. a broadsword and a crossbow or a sword and a lightning attack or a hammer and a whip into slots and it is those that you randomly get assigned at the beginning of levels instead of just any random weapon you've picked up. Otherwise the game becomes a serious grind to eventually get to the right circumstances and chance to pick up a good loadout only then to face down the final levels and hope you can survive. The same can be said for the random nature of the stats pick ups you get which in one of my friend's runs he saw 4 of in 7 levels and i found 12 by the time i had reached the end of the 4th. I ended up giving him the controller so he could get a chance to play with a properly leveled up character for once.TL:DR - the game is very good, the combat is near perfect and the movement system definitely is. The problem is the randomisation of the weapons when coupling with them being unbalanced. The game needs to make the weapons more even or be paired with complementary skills more (slow weapons being given early causes  good long range drops to happen more etc.) so that you aren't just rolling the dice when you reach the final areas and have to pray you can output/stun enemies in the right ways."
,Recommended,588650,35478101,Posted: 4 October,all,Earthnuts,Awesome game. Very well balanced and has a good learning curve.
,Recommended,588650,31810827,Posted: 17 May,all,cyric,(;
,Recommended,588650,33068892,Posted: 30 June,all,CheesyChazzy,Great game and it has only been out for a little under a month now (i think). Either way I've seen plenty of updates and balancing. If the devs continue this trend this game will become a masterpiece. Great gameplay and it makes you want to keep on playing runs with the unlocking of new weapons and abilities.
76561198044777592,Recommended,588650,32536250,Posted: 18 June,all,Jet,"Bought game without thinking twice - a rogue like castlevania is right up my alley.Had an awful controller bug that made game unplayable, but hold up a refund as a gesture of faith.A week later patch comes out with all the fixes, more content and an added feature i suggested on a forum.Nice devs, good game. Would recommend."
76561197989934853,Recommended,588650,32438805,Posted: 15 June,all,Anfield,I Like What You Got!
76561198061378848,Recommended,588650,32417604,Posted: 14 June,all,SunBro,"Its fkn great, rly just buy the damn thing!"
76561198044818901,Recommended,588650,33172085,Posted: 3 July,all,K084lt,Great challenging game to play
,Recommended,588650,33194349,Posted: 3 July,all,lengthtoavoid,"Dead Cells is an excellent platformer title that really provides a diverse array of weapons to conquest with, each offering a tweak to play style and presenting a different experience.  It seems the developers continue to make it harder with each update and are very active on tweaking the game experience and content.  This is a very polished game for an early access title and I can't wait to see the evolution of the game over time. This was hands down the best purchase I made during this summer's steam sale, already clocking over 24 hours in the first week. A++ recommended several times already and I hope my compadres on consoles will see this soon. It would be interesting to see if this can be developed into a co-op experience but it's not necessary. Dead Cells is well worth its weight in gold and you will die, and die again, but continue playing...the game play is addictive!"
76561197960679399,Recommended,588650,33195016,Posted: 3 July,all,father time,"Initial impression of this game was ""woah, rad""It's been a while since I've gotten a first impression from a game like that."
76561198012217991,Recommended,588650,33207390,Posted: 3 July,all,ABOBO / fulldepwell,awesome
76561198073784955,Recommended,588650,31889524,Posted: 21 May,all,HaB B,"i like, is nice"
76561198031090930,Recommended,588650,32026498,Posted: 28 May,all,[TCPJ],"The best 'Castlevania' I've played in years. Some people might be thrown off by it's roguelite and souls (lite) elements, which I'm usually not a fan of myself but the combat is so fun and fluid I can't help but come back for more. The upgrade system is genius, is makes those rogue and souls elements easier as you go. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,588650,31754056,Posted: 14 May,all,Ruger642,"This game is great. The pixel art is amazing and the animations are smooth. The controls are easy to figure out and make it easy to keep up when things get crazy. It'll have you saying ""one more try"" even though you know you shouldn't."
76561198048312377,Recommended,588650,32034487,Posted: 28 May,all,TwitchTV_Vantazzy,"Dead CellsSummary:- Platform Game- Procedural Generated Dungeons- Lots of different types of weapons, upgrades, secrets, challenges and perks.- 9 zones / maps to travel through- Bosses and Elites to fight- Pixel Art Style- Playstyle feels like Fast Paced Action & Reaction- Quick Learning Curve- Smooth AnimationsImpression:Like Dark Souls but then as a Platform Game, although you do not collect souls but cells.If you die with the cells and any blueprints you found on your way for better weapons to upgrade before you reach the Collector, they are gone and you have to start all over again. Well, all over again? It's always all over again, but the weapons you unlock will come in handy. And the cells you trade in work as experience points to fill in the bars to unlock them and upgrade them. It's like you are preparing for the future. If you reach the collector without dying that is...Still wondering what will happen when you maxed everything out, will you go somewhere or do you get a ""GAME OVER"" screen or... Well, that is for the future I guess..At first you notice that you could not reach certain rooms, you find a perk that becomes permanent that can grow veins for example so you can go to those areas where you couldn't go to yet. After playing for 9.4  hours, I still haven't got the perk that enables me to teleport through a coffin. That will be much later I guess, which is good, I like a game that needs time to complete. And it is still in Early Access, so more things will be added in the future.And I thought this game would be hell, because of my artritis, I only use keyboard and mouse for my gaming, can't hold a controller or gamepad because of the pain. But it's actually quite playable, although now my spacebar is broken, because I raged a little bit too much over certain situations. xD (no, I do not have anger issues, maybe a bit emotional perhaps? xD)Ideas/Suggestions:Like 9 maps? I hope there will be more maps in the future with each a few different types of enemies crawling or walking around. And maybe when you maxed out all of the upgrades, that another tab opens with even more upgrades of other aspects of your character and thus a Nexus opens to a new set of new maps to travel to. And that in 3 stages for example. Like I didn't got further then the Black Bridge, I got killed instantly because it was new and I wasn't ready for it...Like the image it gives, an endless game that repeats itself as Groundhog Day, but what you learn is what you keep. So I am expecting more upgrades.Now I found a little advantagepoint in the game, like you got those fast attacking enemies, if you climb a chain or pipe, they cannot attack you and you can slaughter them very easily. Not sure if that is intentionally, but with the awesome weapons and gear what you have at your disposal... Would make the game more challenging then it already is, but maybe it was not intentionally... Like I don't mind, it makes me get faster through that map like how it is now.Verdict:A great platform game where you can invest lots of hours into without the thought you wasted those hours, beautiful artwork with shifting backgrounds giving it more depth. Nice touch with the teleportation portals, so you don't have to travel the entire map left to right, up and down to get to places. Finding secrets is for me as a little minigame for extra coin or health. The Shops are a nice touch too, being able to get better equipment to smash your opponents quicker into the floor then before.Due of the procedural generated dungeons, you won't feel that you are playing the same map. Sometimes there are a lot of scrolls for powerups in a map and sometimes none. Every time you play, it has changes and inconsistencies. Which is awesome!You will not get dissappointed. Not complaining of the price, whatever price they think it's worth it, it's always worth it.So yes, I recommend this game with 100 percentage."
,Recommended,588650,31920639,Posted: 23 May,all,Nihilopis,"At first glance, Dead Cells may seem like a typical Metroidvania game with roguelike elements put into the mix, but once you delve deeper into the game, you will find that there is so much this game has to offer even at its early stages.Playing the levels over and over again doesn't feel like a chore as the randomized loot and areas keep it entertaining whilst also not allowing you to be complacent which actually serves to hone your skills and reinforce a sense of progression that is also evident with the use of permanent upgrades that last even if you die.Combat is heavily Souls inspired and of course is brutally difficult although there are twists to the formula with the use of items that have a cooldown à la Risk of Rain, but it has much more versatility here. For example, you could use an item that can be used in conjunction with a certain weapon to improve its damage.As of only 4 hours of me playing, I have found dozens of secrets and weapons to try out.Overall, it's a fun, addictive ""roguevania"" that successfully integrates elements from the two genres and is sure to please fans of both as well, and I am thrilled to see how this game unfolds in the hopefully near future."
76561198047365720,Recommended,588650,32967582,Posted: 28 June,all,Aeolus,Pretty great game.Pros:FunReplayableBetter than StarboundNot a SandboxLarge weapon diversityCool combinationsGamblingDifficultFinnishFlying eggplantsEgg plays this gameCons:Not in 4kFlying eggplantsEgg plays this gameFlawless
76561198004976394,Recommended,588650,33536121,Posted: 14 July,all,De Narm,"I was letting a friend play this game. at first he was like:I hate pixel graphics, I don't like Metroidvania games, I dislike games where you die a lot etc.well, now he's addicted and wanted to come over 2 days later, to play some more :Dgreat game!"
,Recommended,588650,33727105,Posted: 22 July,all,Nox ▲,I don't have anything witty to write about this. It just kind of CELLS itself eyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
76561198013766706,Recommended,588650,31694799,Posted: 11 May,all,HeyRevolver,Its like Castlevania SOTN knocked up Rogue Legacy. This game is great and definitely worth the money. The reviews... It's true. All of it.
,Recommended,588650,31716571,Posted: 12 May,all,TheRealFloppy_,"A lot of content, feels quite polished and easy to learn but hard to master :) looking forward for the things to come!"
76561198067244371,Recommended,588650,31787062,Posted: 16 May,all,ExVault,"This game is a blast.Controls are nice and responsive. Graphics and music are great, providing each level a memorable atmosphere. Number of weapons and skills is surprisingly large for an early access game.Currently there are some balance issues, like shields being absolutely underpowered, nearly useless. Generally, I find that focusing on skills instead of weapons provides a more safer gameplay and thus leads to better results. Also, particular skills (Horizontal Turret, Flamethrower Turret, Biter Swarm) allow you to completely avoid enemy contact, you just have to throw them and watch everything die in seconds.Not really a downside though, I am sure balance issues will be addressed during early access stage.Overall, I can only wish developers a good luck. Add more content and this game will be a real gem."
76561198040070207,Recommended,588650,33904372,Posted: 30 July,all,jewbaka,do you wish to die every day but suicide is not an option?well try this amazing die simulator (╯ ◕ ◡ ◕ ）╯︵ ┻━┻
,Recommended,588650,31929438,Posted: 23 May,all,Nortoplpopolis,"This game is awesome and nothing like Dark Souls or Demon's Souls its more like a more polished version of Rogue Legacy with better mechanics, better animation, and better repeat mechanics, any comparison to Dark/Demon's souls is a disservice to this game.It's a Roguelike at heart. Please don't compare this to the souls franchise, you will be severly disapointed. It stands on it's own.  It is a roguelike that is in the vain of rogue legacy and binding of Isaac: which is no small feat.The only comparisons I've read to dark souls make me not want to play it depsite being a huge souls fan.This game is a metroidvania roguelike with skill elements. SO much more than a soulslike metroidvania.I am very sad that the company is cashing in on the souls genre despite being more like a Metroid/Castlevania roguelike with no stroy core.I think that will anger alot of people following that marketing tactic, despite the increased sales.This game is awesome, despite it's marketing flaws. Please buy it."
76561198356988852,Recommended,588650,34027333,Posted: 4 August,all,Shuckster,This game is so swag I almost cried
,Recommended,588650,34651979,Posted: 31 August,all,NTLynch,"Cheap Dark Soul, but much more fun10/10 would die again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again"
,Recommended,588650,34624010,Posted: 30 August,all,Lunachi,It's like drinking coffee with roids in it. Very addictive
,Recommended,588650,34708067,Posted: 3 September,all,Arkay,lost 100+ cells and quiti love this game
,Recommended,588650,34694590,Posted: 2 September,all,GF dealer (cash only),"Really good graphics and light effects. The bossfights are hard but fair. It's problematic to play it without a controller but not impossible. There is a random level generator and tons of weapons & equipment. The game feels like a mix of Castlevania, Metroid, Prince of Persia and Dark Souls. The Alpha is great, can't wait to play the full Version!"
,Recommended,588650,32113137,Posted: 1 June,all,IcyTorrent,I only have 80 minutes in the game as of writing this review. I have not had such fun with a single player game in quite a while and I own a lot of games. I have recently played Hollow Knight prior to playing this and I can say that this is more to my taste. Combat is fantastic and simple. I will continue to play throughout EA and I'm eager to see what the developer will do. Given the great reception this game has gotten I have high hopes that this will turn into a fantastic game as it already has a good foundation.
,Recommended,588650,33165260,Posted: 2 July,all,blueheron,"I absolutely recomend this game to any souls and rouge-lite fans. If you arent this is an amazing inroduction to games were you die, pick yourself up, and die. The controls just feel right to move and fight with. The almost chunky pixel graphics are captivating and well made and enemies scale properly. Sometimes there are issues but they have the most amazing support staff, even in early access there are a few problems but it's never been longer than maybe 2 days until it became playable again. As far as games to buy this summer, This one should be on the top of your list."
,Recommended,588650,32184890,Posted: 4 June,all,Deep Space 9MM,"Dead Cells is a 2d side-scrolling platformer with souls-style combat, randomly generating levels, and roguelike-style permadeath. It's essentially Salt and Sanctuary meets Rogue Legacy, and I have been enjoying it thoroughly since it's release on Early Access a few weeks ago.The combat is fluid, fast and fun,  with a difficulty that hovers right in that sweet spot between too easy and overly difficult. That said, the game is still quite challenging, and those who are not platforming or roguelike enthusiasts might find a reason to be frustrated here. But hey, with much of the game's influence being drawn from the Dark Souls series (and Salt & Sanctuary), it is to be expected. In true roguelike fashion, every death is a learning experience. The more you die, the more you figure the game out and the further you can progress with each restart. There are permanent upgrades the player can purchase using Cells aquired from enemies, which makes every consecutive run a little bit easier, although not to the extent that it cheapens the experience.The loot system is solid, with a variety of weapons and skills that can be purchased or acquired from enemies and treasure chests. Experimenting with different weapon and item combinations is fun, and there are multiple viable strategies the player can use. The selection is somewhat limited at this point, but the developers have already shown they intend to add many more items, and in fact already have with their most recent update.The content that's present in Early Access is already worth the price tag in my opinion, and the developers have already added new npcs, items, and enemies to the game. I'm not sure if Dead Cells is developer Motion Twin's first game, but either way they are handling it well. They have already addressed a few minor issues players have had with the game so far and despite being in Early Access, I have played for 17 hours and have not encountered a single bug or glitch. And I've even been playing on the beta branch for the new update, which is supposedly even more unstable. Smooth sailing so far, unless you count the word ""combat"" being misspelled on the stats page (comabt!). Oh, and the game gave me the wrong achievement once.To summarize, if you are a fan of 2d side scrollers, souls-style combat, or roguelikes (and especially if you like all three), I would highly recommend this game"
76561198045834920,Recommended,588650,33713607,Posted: 21 July,all,Hagane,damn i forgot sleep cuz this game
76561198080382782,Recommended,588650,33108868,Posted: 1 July,all,LU - 15,Still in early access yet it feels complete already
,Recommended,588650,31945180,Posted: 24 May,all,Elate,Risk of Rain + Rogue Legacy. With stunning graphics. One of those games everyone should try.
76561198171391645,Recommended,588650,31974326,Posted: 26 May,all,小拳拳捶你胸口,"I find a BUG that  when I switch the order of skills,the cooldown of the skills will reset"
76561198382102732,Recommended,588650,34115248,Posted: 8 August,all,Proud Boy,"Combat is great and very fulfilling. Love breaching doors, and slamming down on enemies. Sprites look great, always has me coming back for more.YEAH!"
,Recommended,588650,34798051,Posted: 7 September,all,Yellow Chicken,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME.FAST PACED, ACTION PACKED, AND DARK SOULS-ISH GAME.+ Best Early Access Game IMO+ Pixelated Graphic that Eye-Friendly+ LOTS OF COOL WEAPON! Cant wait for the UPDATES+ WOMBO - COMBO!!+ Simple Game, Not To COMPLEX- Major BUG (Of course it is, still EARLY ACCESS)(-) sometime i got rare condition, where the only path i can get thru is a Time Door, so whatever i do i cant pass it.- need MULTIPLAYER (Split/Online)- Stuttering (Rarely tho)- Imbalance Weapon : Such as Ice KameHame, Broadsword (Lacks of Damage for a Heavy Sword)"
,Recommended,588650,31908937,Posted: 22 May,all,Vekeng,"Awesome game. Feels like Castlevania. Not like Castlevania Lords of Shadows, but good old hardcore Castlevania. Thanks to system of weapon unlocks and persistent upgrades game doesn't feel so repetetive as each run you are going through levels faster and further. Combat is fun and fluid, weapons are interesting. I haven't encountered single bug yet after playing for ~10 hours."
,Recommended,588650,34622293,Posted: 30 August,all,toasthaste,"I normally avoid early access games, but my self control gave out when it came to Dead Cells and HOO BOY am I glad I did. If the devs decided to stop working on this game right now(and they show no signs of doing so), I'd still feel like I got way more than my money's worth.The gameplay is perfection-- it's buttery smooth, it feels so satisfying to roll and slash and shoot and dodge attacks at the last second, then punish your enemies for their hubris. The weapon variety is similarly impressive, and is probably the area where this game reminds me most strongly of Dark Souls (a comparison I'm sure plenty of people have made). Every single type of melee weapon has a unique attack pattern in addition to its other unique properties(stunning, bleed damage, bonus backstab damage, etc), and I've found that some patterns suit my playstyle so well that I'll even forego a few points of damage in order to stick with my favorites. There's also a handful of bows and shields, as well as powerful abilities like turrets and ice grenades that can drastically alter how you approach a run.There's decent enemy variety already, with multiple larger, mini-boss-style enemies that are super deadly and require a bit of thought to approach; I do think the game overuses its default ""zombie"" mob a bit, but it's a small complaint.The level generation is serviceable, with pretty much two overall ""types"" of levels-- there's the labyrinths, and then there's the straight shots to the end with multiple little diversions (either separate rooms, or paths downward) to delve into. Nothing incredbile, but the levels that are in the game so far manage to stand out from each other reasonably well.Overall Dead Cells is just a joy to play, already feels very polished, and has a truly stunning amount of content for a game that isn't even complete yet."
76561197967490296,Recommended,588650,32401689,Posted: 13 June,all,Sylas420,"Quick Review to help get this game back to Overwhelmingly Positive... It's too good. I can't be bothered to stop playing to leave a better review. Play it and you'll see why.Update: MyProperReview is now a reply I made in a discussion regarding the game's RNG#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI completely disagree, the RNG in this game is great. Every run is not going to be filled with Epic Loot, nor should it be. This game is not suppose to be a cake walk.I've gone all the way to the Watcher with an Assassins Blade & Firebrands I got in the Prisoner's Cell, because I barely got any upgrades the first few stages, and none of the other store upgrades/random drops were to my liking ( I hate the Broad Sword and Hammer ). That didn't matter because with great skill and vigorous fervor, I bashed my way through to the 2nd boss with relative ease.... And promptly got my♥♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by the Watcher...But notwithstanding, that run taught me that regardless of what loot drops, as long I upgrade my weapons/health as I play... the only thing stopping me from winning is my own mistakes in gameplay.I've since beaten the Watcher twice!! This game is amazing!!... but I have over 150 hours in this game atm, so maybe I am biased"
,Recommended,588650,31992482,Posted: 27 May,all,BreG,"This game delivers on all of it's promises. It's fast, it's fun, it has a unique artstyle. The animations are slick, the controls are tight and responsive. Each weapon, item and skills have a distinct feel and utility to it, making it very fun to experiment with different setups. It rewards exploration with secrets and speedruns with timed doors. It's everything a roguelike fan could dream of. It says early access but this game is very mature and well developed. If you would like a condensed look at what it's like to play this game, you can watch this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9D0SGfztEQ"
,Recommended,588650,33035782,Posted: 30 June,all,fuck dota,"fun game and metroidvania like hollow knight but its more replayable and addicting. Even after dying i feel like playing more, the feeling of cutting down enemies is so satisfying and pleasing. It's also a dead ringer for dark souls, the whole flask mechanic gave it away big time. And the bosses can be so frustrating, but i just sit in the back like a ♥♥♥♥♥ and spam my fire braids weapon, so its ok :)"
76561197970613143,Recommended,588650,31792401,Posted: 16 May,all,Eyekon,Fantastic game and am very much looking forward to the future of this game!3 minute review if anyone has a moment:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSFZ26Z5flA&t=7s
,Recommended,588650,33042483,Posted: 30 June,all,Flipzer,"You need this game if you like the whole permadeath thing.It is brutal as hell, but you really can't stop playing, because you know deep down that you can kill that sucker you died to in your previous run.Sometimes, you're right. And other times, you are oh so completely wrong and you are gonna have your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you countless times before progressing.It's really addictive, and I can't say anything against buying this gem.Another thing is, it's only in early access, so plenty of content is still to release.If that isn't a sweet deal, I don't know what is.Bottom line: A 2D Dark Souls-like roguelike, which is totally worth your time and money!Get it boi!"
,Recommended,588650,31791574,Posted: 16 May,all,mHL -,sick
76561198034908082,Recommended,588650,32158660,Posted: 3 June,all,Bane,"This game is beautiful. hard. smooth. silky. chocolate. whip cream...whole hearted recommendation.Also, with the invisibility amulet, your life is so much easier."
,Recommended,588650,31669960,Posted: 10 May,all,road_to_2k,"Great game with wonderful combat experience, tons of useful loots and well designed abilities. Definitely one of the best among recent roguelike/lite games on Steam. Hope more special abilities will unlock along further development. By the way, it is lovely to see Chinese has been supported in Early Access stage(nice translation but with minor format issues).Overall it is highly recommended for all. Would love to tell friends and people who love this genre. Also, I just cannot help imagine what it would be like if there is a Nintendo Switch version coz Shavel Knight got a big success on that platform."
76561197979855092,Recommended,588650,34321380,Posted: 17 August,all,DeltaDreemurr,"This Game Is AMAZING!!!!I really enjoy the amount of weapons,Artstyle mixing pixel graphics with 2d and 3d animation,The everchanging level design, and all the unique enemies.Only things i could think of to make this game better would be local multiplayer,and more spells and magic,and traps.(local multiplayer could work like: 1.player 2 could control the enemies and could control the island to work against the player 2.The second player could control a copy of the first player and could change their color and could do everything that player 1 could do 3.player 2 would be some kind of pet or something and could help by doing some things the player cant do alone or sometimes they could take an ability from the current weapon the player 1 was using and for the two slots player 2 would get some kind of ability from that weapon (example 1:if the player jumps on the pet, it would boost the player very high in the air ,example 2:if player 1 has the lightning bolt player 2 can electrocute an enemy by jumping on them.If a developer reads this, thank you for taking your time to take a look at this and i hope you can add one or a couple of these the game :)."
76561198020728468,Recommended,588650,34323579,Posted: 18 August,all,Gerard,"Timed doors and thoughtful exploration don't mix well. Challenge rooms are meant to be hard, but they're also different from the base game with no way to practice them apart from failing over and over. Gold recycling is nice, but the game should really auto-sell weapons at level exit. Shortcuts are basically pointless aside from creating extra challenge, since you'll be facing harder enemies with lower gear/stats."
76561198018435795,Recommended,588650,32875865,Posted: 27 June,all,Hello Oblivion,It is a game
76561198022608858,Recommended,588650,34011622,Posted: 4 August,all,amazezinger,I've never smoked crack but I'm sure this is what it feels like.
76561198012594837,Recommended,588650,33162127,Posted: 2 July,all,Detachi,"You can pause the game.Checkmate, Dark Souls."
,Recommended,588650,34098896,Posted: 8 August,all,The Dude.,"This game shines in almost every way, the gameplay is smooth, fun and pretty intense (this is just like dark souls), the music is great and fits perfectly with the atmosphere (love the trader's music), speaking of which, the atmosphere, the pixel art style is well done, it's grim and beautiful, also this game has a great replayability value. I highly recommend this If you're into Roguelike/Rogue-lite and/or Metroidvania."
76561198063142158,Recommended,588650,31715355,Posted: 12 May,all,clonevacuum,Amazing game so far. The wonderful graphics are self evident but the complexity to be had with the weapons and the proper utilization of them as well as your movement is just such an incredibly rewarding experience.
,Recommended,588650,31895533,Posted: 21 May,all,TubaPlyr,"♥♥♥♥ing amazingly beautiful, difficult and fun game. Inspiring stuff this game."
76561198043460820,Recommended,588650,31878720,Posted: 21 May,all,Vortex-Shinobi,"Be careful, this one is addicting. Very well done game, and it’s still in early access. I’m looking fwd to more stuff being added. I also like that the hours sunk in don’t feel like they are lost. Starting weapons improve, stats for weapons, unlocks, etc. A great game overall!10/10 will die again."
,Recommended,588650,31794232,Posted: 16 May,all,Focuss,is gud
,Not Recommended,588650,31730889,Posted: 13 May,all,William Shakesman,"Let's make a high speed action platformer with a bunch of weapons and dodge mechanics and then cram EVERY LEVEL with dozens of enemies all in one encounter so there's no damn strategy at all except spam special bombs and hope for the best.Let's make the enemies teleport, shoot through walls, and chase you relentlessly too so you can't kite or use the terrain to your advantage.Let's make the first boss, a big slow knight, have one main attack: Summon a hurt aura and an invincibility shield and walk slowly forward!WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY SMOKING WITH THE DESIGN OF THIS GAME. The core to this game is so strong and yet every single design choice they make favors spam, tedium, and removing options from the player.And of course the sessions run too long and require you to explore lengthy boring dead end forks which half the time don't have anything good in them."
76561198064337534,Recommended,588650,33071939,Posted: 1 July,all,ABOBin hood,:zombiethumbsup:
,Recommended,588650,31882681,Posted: 21 May,all,JokeNotFound,braincells are slowly dying....Show more
,Recommended,588650,34500108,Posted: 26 August,all,CoolSchmool,I will always return to this game
,Recommended,588650,34354522,Posted: 19 August,all,Craighead,It's a pretty good game.
76561198026485986,Recommended,588650,31670262,Posted: 10 May,all,Gilgamesh,"Why havent I heard from this gem before like 1 hour before it came out?? Simply put, my 2 favorite genre of game put togheter with an awesome work of pixel art, What more to ask? Seriously i only could play for like 15 min on my lunch break and already i know that this is going to be a masterpiece! Probably my favorite game for some time!Pro:- awesome pixel art graphics- great atmosphere- perfect genre! metroidvania mixed with roguelike- plays perfectly on almost any pcCons:- none so far , but i only played for like 15 min so farwill edit this review after i played more, but i dont think it will be differentThanks for the dev and artist who made this gem of a game! thank you a million time!"
,Recommended,588650,31912223,Posted: 22 May,all,MagicTator,Amazing Game!!!!
76561198061751933,Recommended,588650,32035388,Posted: 28 May,all,Snob Gob,"Honestly,the price point on this pre-release is beyond fair. I havent been this into a game since The binding of Isaac's original release and I cant forsee anywhere for this game to go but up in terms of playability!"
76561198109898661,Recommended,588650,32049125,Posted: 29 May,all,SlimeParty,"Man... Where to start with this game.  This game is truly a masterpiece.  It takes many different parts of other games and polishes them heavily.  Sure, you could say it is a ""Frankenstein's Monster"" type of deal but it is good like that.  Also, the music is gorgeous.  A little bit more variety would be nice, but this is an early alpha game, so I know you will do that! :D"
76561198053745275,Recommended,588650,32052715,Posted: 29 May,all,Ruan Ruan,update immediately plz
,Recommended,588650,32034582,Posted: 28 May,all,brave_terry,"I don't usually purchase early access games, but I made an exception for Dead Cells.  I'm glad that I did.  I'm really enjoying the game.  Make no mistake.  The game is tough, but it's a lot of fun.  The designers have made a lot of really good design decisions.  The controls are super tight.  Once you get the hang of the movement, you always feel like you died because you screwed up.  Not because of a movement glitch.  There are teleporters spaced throughout each level to keep unnecessary backtracking to a minimum.  There's a large variety of weapons that lend themselves to a variety of gameplay styles.  I also like that even though this is a ""rogue-like"", some things are unlocked permanently.  This give you a sense of steady growth.  Oh.  And you can quit anywhere and restart in the same place later.  That's nice."
,Recommended,588650,32037089,Posted: 29 May,all,♥MrCake♥,"Pretty Hot Game With Dank Mechanics and Dank Art, I Play This Game When I Want To Kill Some Time In The Face, Hue Hue  Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue Hue."
,Recommended,588650,31854912,Posted: 20 May,all,lil tiddy,big fan
,Recommended,588650,31892351,Posted: 21 May,all,Kazakhstan,Probably the best early access game on the market right now.
,Recommended,588650,31670923,Posted: 10 May,all,FUNKANIC,"I've not played it for long but my first impressions are that it's really fun to play, and I can see myself having some right good adventures to come.https://youtu.be/5oATsRRz5Vo"
,Recommended,588650,32043777,Posted: 29 May,all,xDetious,"Great game. Has a bit of souls-like elements which I love. Frustrating at times (like most roguelikes) but rewarding with the fun builds and combat. Can't wait to see new items, areas, bosses, mechanics, this game could go far!Now, when do we get achievements? :P"
76561197985119623,Recommended,588650,31926469,Posted: 23 May,all,Greybush,$1.00 per hour of entertainment. For $16.99 this game is a deal.
76561197989960659,Recommended,588650,32169087,Posted: 3 June,all,Author-Man,"great game to play in the background while watching youtube videos, which is p. much what I want out of a metroidvania. The roguelite elements actually make it really good for that without being -too- unforgiving. Only real glitch I've encountered is that achievements don't seem to be working - I know I should have at least a few of the ""reached x area for the first time"" cheevos, but according to the cheevo list I've not got any. Which, considering this has been in early access for not even a month yet, is -really- impressively stable."
76561198366648977,Recommended,588650,32112731,Posted: 1 June,all,lealea666,it very gud...VERY GOOOOOOOOOOOD! the combat is smooth the animation is great the consept is amazing10/10 would play again
76561197995201289,Recommended,588650,32027818,Posted: 28 May,all,Sabre,"Really fun game, higly recommendable even in Early Access.Extremely fluid combat system, good learning curve - you keep dying, you learn and suddenly you find yourself good enough to pass another level that used to be unbeatable.Great animations and colorful art."
,Recommended,588650,32025583,Posted: 28 May,all,LowBeyonder,"Pretty great so far, look forward to seeing it evolve. I'm normally very wary of Early Access but a friend recommended this to me and I'm glad I checked it out. Visuals are great, controls are solid, and the small number of weapons you can carry at a time at first seemed really limiting but I've actually come to think it's a great decision; you can carry enough to handle different scenarios but you aren't overwhelmed with options, it allows for a really clean UI & control scheme, and adds variety to each run.Good stuff."
,Recommended,588650,32029155,Posted: 28 May,all,osoleve,"This game is astonishingly good. It's a non-linear, rogue-lite metroidvania. If you like metroidvanias, this game will scratch that itch very well. If you like metroidvanias AND rogue-lites, you're actually actively harming yourself by not playing this game.The good:- Extremely tight controls- Different weapon types to suit different playstyles- Random item/weapon modifiers keep things interesting- In addition to unlocking items for future runs, you can also upgrade existing weapons/items/stats- Amusing flavor texts and cheeky NPCs- It's not easy- It's in Early Access so it will only get better- I can't stress this enough, EXTREMELY TIGHT CONTROLSThe bad:- The game stutters maybe once every two runs. This lasts between one and two seconds, and has only happened when I'm standing still with no other sprites on screen."
76561197992228452,Recommended,588650,32026270,Posted: 28 May,all,5kull,Finally a Great Platformer!
,Recommended,588650,32027600,Posted: 28 May,all,Berkesinambungan,I suck at this game but I still kept playing. fml. GG developers
,Recommended,588650,32112948,Posted: 1 June,all,Bonerfart,better than boobs.JK ofc.
,Recommended,588650,31741817,Posted: 14 May,all,Bearbear131,"This is a really great game, once you get used to the rougelike aspect of it. Personally me and my friend would like a coop version so that we could run around like ninjas together. But there would be compatitbility errors. So try and get the game cross compatible if you can get it on a console."
,Recommended,588650,31689112,Posted: 11 May,all,Mazakute,Pretty damn good and polished for an early access. If only more games were like this one.
76561198040073015,Recommended,588650,31932782,Posted: 24 May,all,MrEngly,"if you got Impulse control disorder, i highly recommended this gamevery easy/relaxing gamecheck point every 20 stepsyou can barely dieGood game."
76561198008860597,Recommended,588650,33261000,Posted: 4 July,all,Phazerking,Very Good
,Recommended,588650,33560683,Posted: 15 July,all,Roger,Is there another game like this?
,Recommended,588650,34127372,Posted: 9 August,all,500,"Twelve hour review: Gameplay is very engaging, and there's definitely a low skill floor but high skill ceiling, which I thoroughly enjoy. I'm a huge fan of roguelikes that reward skill (if you're really good, there's a clear metric to show that you are) and the time mechanics are a welcome treat.I still have a lot to unlock and I'm sure I'll enjoy that. Just looking through my achievements show that I've only unlocked 4 things (literally got so close to beating the first boss and I'm crying because I was less than a mm away). Still satisfied.If you're a fan of roguelikes and getting metaphorically ♥♥♥♥ed in the but in a 2D side scroller, buy this game."
76561197973717913,Recommended,588650,34540531,Posted: 27 August,all,thegothicrainbow,"A few noted youtubers I follow waxed lyrical about this game so I thought I'd download it to see what all the fuss was about.I have learned 4 things;1- The animations and art style in general are utterly GORGEOUS.2- The combat is rock-hard but very satisfying3- Even in early access the game runs flawlessly ( at least for me) no noticable bugs and buttery smooth framerate.4- I utterly and completely suck at it! lolThat last point doesn't matter though because I may die all the time but its always because i screwed up NOT because i feel the game is unbalanced or broken! A++++ A metroidvania game needs to feel challenging but FAIR and this game so far has nailed it on the head!All in all i can't really find anything wrong here, even the price is an absolute steal!I really cant recommend this enough!"
,Recommended,588650,34555485,Posted: 28 August,all,Asriel,Great game and I'm looking forward to some amazing updates in the future. Good mechanics and very few glitches as for what I've seen while playing. It's well worth the price you pay.
,Recommended,588650,34428872,Posted: 22 August,all,BillyWitchDoctor.com,"It was good from launch, but it's slowly been updating and improving it's graphics and small details, along with additional weapons. A SOLID buy if you enjoy Metriodvania/Rougelite games. If you enkoy Vadlis Story and Hollow Knight, this is something you for sure would love."
76561198092709209,Recommended,588650,34531536,Posted: 27 August,all,Dents,very good
,Recommended,588650,31696002,Posted: 11 May,all,Blah206,Similar to Rogue Legacy and Hollow Knight. Already liking it more than Hollow Knight.
,Recommended,588650,32114980,Posted: 1 June,all,TheFairChance,"To quote Jontron:""Oh, it's sublime. It's godlike. It's GOOOoooOOOooOOOoooood"""
,Recommended,588650,33885940,Posted: 29 July,all,Scharos,"i played for 27hours now and i must admit i have almost every item ( missing 2 or 3 )upgraded everything at least to rank 1 ( you can upgrade weapons so they do permanent 5-20% more dmg, but it takes a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of souls, every enemy has a CHANCE to drop a soul you can get from 5 - 50 per map )BUTthe game stills has a lot to offer, its still not easy ( the recent patches made the game a little bit harder in my opinion )always trying to beat my personal best and still missing some achievements ( some got added recently! )beware that this game is a hard one it wont get easy on you people tell its dark souls like but thats not totally true darksouls might be hard but Dead Cells is a game full of hard punishes.example:in darksoulsyou go into a room get suprised by some enemys and die. you revive at the bonefire and go again for now nowing whats about to happen to you.no real hard punish except loosing souls which can be picked upin Dead Cellsyou start a run get into the first few rooms and face some boomers who attack you from the upper or lower floor while a shieldslammer rushs into you, you roll a lil bit too late get hit by the slam and a bomb ur dead. you start your next run and now you face some archers in a long hallway, weird. roll kill roll kill. easy.you never face the same map/enemys/items/traps twice, sure some rooms repeat since there is a limited number of possible rooms that can spawn but i can assure you, you will always face a new game.i really like it and look forward for more content."
,Recommended,588650,31708596,Posted: 12 May,all,Huhn [Waifu4u] <3,"Dark Souls 2DBeautiful game, and very challenging"
76561197993050127,Recommended,588650,33194309,Posted: 3 July,all,ZombiePaperclip,Game is crack
76561198069656730,Recommended,588650,33295534,Posted: 5 July,all,guitarlum,"Don't mind me, looking for kebab."
,Recommended,588650,33269270,Posted: 5 July,all,poisonsoup,normally i hate roguelike games.. but this game is different thing.thumb up
76561197999198124,Recommended,588650,32553503,Posted: 18 June,all,diegodtm,"This game is in early access and is already an absolut blast to play, can't whait to see the full release. Precise controls, great waepon interactions, great level design and enemies. And one of the best pixel art out there."
76561198002201234,Recommended,588650,32002274,Posted: 27 May,all,Kolhu,Best roguelike i've played so far.
76561198097732992,Recommended,588650,33425973,Posted: 10 July,all,muffin,this game make me feel GIT GUD
,Recommended,588650,31713219,Posted: 12 May,all,Fantajim,"This is one awesome game. Combat feels nice, love that the maps are random. If you die you have to complete the first map again, which doesn't sound so fancy but the first map has various exits to all sorts of levels, even higher skill ceiling.Progression system feels good, there are a good choice of weapons, tools and trinkets. Music fits perfectly, there is even an incentive for speedrunning in form of doors that close after a certain amount of time. I can only give a thumbs up. True gem in the indie department!I would only stray away (or better wait) if you don't like early access and can only enjoy ""completed"" games. I have yet to encounter a bug though. Awesome job devs!"
76561197991779437,Recommended,588650,31796325,Posted: 16 May,all,Thorsad,Amazing game with heavy learning curve but VERY rewarding!!!  A MUST HAVE!
,Recommended,588650,32004486,Posted: 27 May,all,Du5tcr4wl3r,Awesome gameplay that brings me back to the good old gaming days of the 90's.
,Recommended,588650,31715699,Posted: 12 May,all,RexSol,⠀
,Recommended,588650,33472183,Posted: 11 July,all,Walter White,I loved the game up until this last update where i lost everything will probably never play again now. unless you can fix it I would honestly like a refund
,Recommended,588650,31745935,Posted: 14 May,all,Samurai Jack TH,"This game reminds me of those times when I play flash games over and over again. Playing same levels, killing same enemies, but in a very good way and candy-cane atmosphere! Looking forward to the development!"
76561197960497113,Recommended,588650,31746018,Posted: 14 May,all,Jay,"There's still some room for improvement, but I love pretty much everything about this game so far.Some aspects may not appeal to everybody, but this little miracle certainly hits my sweet spot.Visual design, animation, music, gameplay -- all are on point, and that's not even mentioning the tongue-in-cheeck attitude of the characters, lore, and the dev team itself. Dead Cells is just one of those rare true indie gems and I have nothing but respect for the developers.In short: I love it, and chances are that most others will as well!"
,Recommended,588650,34125525,Posted: 9 August,all,RisedCode,"Whats good ya'll,lets get straight in this review:Aight, 5 hours in and this game seems endless. Guess what...ITS STILL EARLY ACCESS, this game has a ton of conent already, fantastic weapons, upgrading system, puzzle kind of story and ragequits. Yes this game is 2D and I'm not a fan of those, but this game is diffrent, for a 2D game it has a fun hack n slash kind of system, and ton of enemies. I beat the 1st and 2nd boss and can't wait to get to the ""end"" so I cannot tell you much about the story but I think it will be a theory kind of story from what I'm seeing. Also be ready for some ragequits because no matter how far you get if you die, ITS OVER! Well that will have to do it, rate 10/10"
,Recommended,588650,32744280,Posted: 24 June,all,mazy,dam wtf
76561198339207131,Recommended,588650,34743364,Posted: 4 September,all,AchonatorBeast,I think this game will be the best rogue like ever
,Recommended,588650,34757691,Posted: 5 September,all,Purple Ninja,"Apart from graphics (yes, they matter), this is one of these games that you just need to play."
,Recommended,588650,34496827,Posted: 25 August,all,King Prof,"Slash, Slash, Slash, Jump Jump, Fire Projectile, DIESlash, Slash, Slash, Jump Jump, Fire Projectile, DIESlash, Slash, Slash, Jump Jump, Fire Projectile, DIESlash, Slash, Slash, Jump Jump, Fire Projectile, DIEREPEAT"
,Recommended,588650,32128227,Posted: 2 June,all,QualityChops,10/10
,Recommended,588650,34002340,Posted: 3 August,all,Beardzley,"I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about metroidvania games, but this is dope."
76561197966064850,Recommended,588650,33348479,Posted: 7 July,all,Sojiro,شبيهة للعبة Rogue Legacyبس الضرب في هذي اللعبة افضل بكثيرتستاهل سعرها
76561197977341551,Recommended,588650,33065091,Posted: 30 June,all,dogmai,"Holy iSH, this game is FANTASTIC!!!!  Many fun!  Such Challenging! WoW!"
,Recommended,588650,33006223,Posted: 29 June,all,Jim_Puff :^),"actually amazingplayed hundreds of hours of isaac, and this game sweeped in and gave me new lifedecent amount of content for early access. by 7-8 hours in i beat the final boss in the update this review was written in, but there's still more weapons to unlock/find and more upgrades to do. i'm still not good at the gamebut i will be"
,Recommended,588650,31690972,Posted: 11 May,all,Dr. Henry Killinger,Like rogue legacy but more castlevania.10/10
76561198030588067,Recommended,588650,34804370,Posted: 7 September,all,Huxwell,"It's like a platformer Diablo, and an essence of Dark Souls, with a twist of Mario..."
,Recommended,588650,33659037,Posted: 19 July,all,*PlecixZ.,"Oke, never really fan of early access game's.But saw a review from this, and took me back to the old flash game feels.Where luck & skill was needed to pass the levels.-Was a great fan from ""Risk of Rain"" and that type of painfull process.But eventually with time you get better, also the item system if very well done for an early access.I have to say, it's verry addicting, but you can get punished so hard for a hit.-R.I.P hopes and dreams, lost 50 souls from one run.... 1 shot by a fly, feelsbadman.10/10 would give up my hopes and dreams again.Gud game."
,Recommended,588650,33559064,Posted: 15 July,all,suriver22,"Difficult, addicting, and beautiful."
76561197993045961,Recommended,588650,32025051,Posted: 28 May,all,Nefer,Suprisingly enjoyable to play.
,Recommended,588650,31987287,Posted: 26 May,all,Drewpocalypse,"Well, I decided to wait until I beat the current final boss to write a review.  22 hours of hard work and grinding and repeating, and I finally got the beast run I'd been wanting.  8 HP, 7 Strength, 6 Skills.  Rapier that does extra damage to frozen and an ice bow.  Mag Grenade that does extra damage to burning and a fire turret.  It felt so good, and I'll admit...it was a little overpowered.  However, every run through I feel like I get better at the game and learn not to jump into stupid situations (literally, sometimes).This game, if it progresses how the developers say it will, is going to be one of my most played games on Steam.  Even at 22 hours, and completing the current version of the game, I still have a couple blueprints left to get, and I want to beat it with other combinations.Current Build:Pros:--Amazingly fluid combat.--Predictable, yet punishing enemies.--Great enemy and boss design, elites keep things fresh.--Modifiers on weapons to tailor your own build.--Even scrubs like me can eventually get to the end.Cons:--Currently, lack of enemy variety.  Long runs or multiple runs begin to feel similar.--Lack of map chunk variety.  Even though the patterns are different, it didn't take long to see the same tunnels repeat (sometimes on the same level)--A couple broken mechanics (oil sword, whatever it's called, and mag grenade hitting through walls?)--Lack of interesting upgrades for weapons (+5/10/15/20% damage?  Maybe add one level that changes the functionality, or give branching options that can both/all be unlocked and then the item could drop as different types?)I know it seems like I'm complaining a lot with the cons, but the pros are solid gameplay mechanics that make an amazing backbone to this game...and the cons are largely things that can be fixed as the alpha build progresses.Basically, this is a solid game that is obviously in alpha, but has the potential to be Binding of Isaac level addictive in it's finished form.Would I recommend this game?  For a $16.99 price tag, as long as you're not completely put off by the bugs and missing bits of a pre-alpha, I think this game is worth getting NOW, and hopefully will be worth playing more as new things unlock.  In it's current form, I'll probably get 100 hours out of it.  So yes.  Yes, I'd recommend this as long as you're into difficult 2D action platformers with roguelite elements (progression, restart on death).Also, thank god a game finally tries to explain why you die and start fresh over and over.  It doesn't really change anything about the game, but I'm happy someone at least took a shot at explaining how that works :D"
,Recommended,588650,31969073,Posted: 26 May,all,HonoluluBoy,I've been having lots of fun with this game and that's coming from someone who normally doesn't play platformish/sidescrolling type games.  Definately suggest playing on a controller instead of mouse/keyboard.controls feel great and game is very responsive.   You slowly build up your strengy and power as items unlock and upgrade.Can't wait to see what's after the black bridge and unfinished one.
76561198064128636,Recommended,588650,31983115,Posted: 26 May,all,Misterpoo,"This game is awesome. Easily one of the best early access games I've ever seen. Great animations, addictive gameplay, and spectacular music. Definitely one of those ""just one more runs"" kinda games. Do yourself a favor and buy it already. You can thank me later."
76561197971666666,Recommended,588650,32060074,Posted: 30 May,all,Guyw,Buy this. There are no severe bugs. I hope they will develope it even further. Amazing game and a lot of fun.
76561198202868461,Recommended,588650,31715308,Posted: 12 May,all,Cloud King,"It's a very fun game. It's very well polished for a game that's in early acess, and best of all it has full controller support."
,Recommended,588650,32840688,Posted: 26 June,all,[USSR] TheRussianDictator,"The first 30 min of the game were really fun, but it gets kind of rage enducing. The soundtrack to me got really repetetive and i thought it was gonna be more of an action soundtrack, to me it sounds casual. That's problem number two for me. Number three, I thought there was gonna be cool, really uniqe, weapons. They are kind of generic and i like magical stuff. I know there is a lot more in the game but my soul can't handle getting that far. I really reccomend this game if you wan handle going from begining to middle to begining over and over again. I just did i total of 4 runs and i could'nt handle it. I just got bored of the same enemies and I could't remember the controls well on my keyboard. I love this game and its concept but i can't handle raging after dying. It's great of you can handle it though."
76561198283036863,Recommended,588650,34747930,Posted: 4 September,all,Gentry998,fun game highy recommend but highly advise a controller
,Recommended,588650,31783877,Posted: 16 May,all,Xilent,10/10 would die again
,Recommended,588650,31670031,Posted: 10 May,all,Blazemaster,Truely superb game. For an early access title this feels very complete to me. I am very happy that I voted it through on greenlight :')
,Recommended,588650,31720722,Posted: 13 May,all,k4rst3n,"Just fiddled around some with it and my first impression is really good. Awesome controls, great visuals, fast gameplay and all the metroidvania you can eat! <3 Update will come after a few hours in!Edit: So about eight hours in to the game and I'm hooked. Just got to the second boss and haven't really checked if it ends there or if there is more but since I've yet to beat it I'll keep going. The whole restart when you're dead can be a bit repeatable and I can see how you get fed up with it with time but the perma unlocks do help quite a lot. I wish there would be some guarantee with the health/strength/skill power ups because even if you clean every level som times you end up with 4/4/3 and some times lik 2/2/1 when at the first boss which kinda sucks since you really need to get both more strenght and health to beat the higher levels. Haven't tried out all the weapons and such but really dig the combo Dual Daggers with Ice Bomb and Flash Bang and some range in the second weapon slot.The game looks and sounds fantastic and the controls is spot on when you play with an controller! Haven't met any kind of bugs yet so all good on that front. I'm sure they'll keep adding more to the game in the future and I'm looking forward to it. These days with such a♥♥♥♥♥♥tone of early access game, where most of them even with a higher price than Dead Cells, I'm totally fine with eight hours of gameplay for its price. I know I'm gonna keep playing this for a lot more!So if you're having doubts to buy or not to buy this game, just skip that pizza and soda today and buy a great early access game instead! :)"
,Recommended,588650,33150651,Posted: 2 July,all,Mrpluff™,Incredible game.Metroidvania and roguelike hits for a super enjoyable combo.
,Recommended,588650,31672059,Posted: 10 May,all,Billy,Elites kinda suck
76561198001880613,Not Recommended,588650,33624701,Posted: 18 July,all,nimbostratus,"Is this game fun?  Yes... for a while.  Then as you play more all the cracks in the design and one HUGE design flaw becomes apparent, then it becomes tedious and loses almost everything it has going for it.Let me explain.  The huge design flaw is that Dead Cells is trying to be a Souls-like, but it completely flubs a key component of why Dark Souls works: risk / reward.   In DS, there never (or very rarely) is a time when you have a choice to sit back away from the fight doing something tedious and slow but it will give you a sure win.  This is what risk/reward is all about, you have to risk everything by getting in there and fighting to get the reward (winning, treasure, etc).   In Dead Cells, once you get past the first few levels and have trigger skills it is the opposite.  This is because the trigger skills are largely cheese -- fire and run away things that do damage over time.  This becomes the best way to play the game whether you want to or not.  Especially in later levels where one mistake could easily kill you.  This also is not fun, but you will find yourself using these tactics because they are the safest way to progress.Other issues have to do with progression and levels feeling very samey after a few runs.  Yes, they are random layouts but the Fog Fjord plays pretty much the same, every time.  So once the thrill of unlocking new weapons largely wears off, you pretty much know exactly what your game will be like when you try to make a run.  This I feel is very different than the granddaddy game that spawned the rogue-lite genre, Rogue Legacy.  In that game, runs felt very different because so much more was varied on a run to run basis.  Here the difference just boils down to -- do I get decent weapons with perks that synergize or not?  Do I get the weapons I need for the boss or not?I will say that a lot is done right in DC -- graphics, sounds, controls, mood.  And I did have fun for the first number of hours.  But the above mentioned problems drag it down.   I hope they make changes before leaving EA, but such fundamental changes seem very unlikely."
,Recommended,588650,32444090,Posted: 15 June,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,one the best action packed modernized pixel 2D scroller i have ever played... its very adicting.playing it on 4K using Steam Controller! works flawleslly
76561198067169816,Recommended,588650,33403091,Posted: 9 July,all,Half Aluminum Chemist,"Honestly one of the best early access games to ever be released on Steam. This game is what you get when you put Metroidvania and Dark Souls into a roguelike blender. Permanent progression system while still having challenging skill based gameplay and map exploring in a roguelike formula, along with upgrades which make you stronger and allow for access to hidden shortcuts and secret areas for bonuses.The gameplay is basically your standard Mertoidvania style, but faster paced and with a dodge roll ability which, combined with the high difficulty and limited potions, is why you see a lot of ""Dark Souls"" comparisons. It even has a Bloodborne like ""rally system"" where you can damage enemies for some of your health back after you have just taken damage.You explore the map, fight, gather Dead Cells which you can use to unlock/upgrade things, and move on to the next area. If you die you restart at the beginning, no checkpoints of any kind, but the permanent upgrades and unlocks mean you gradually get more powerful as well (If you played Rouge Legacy you get what I mean). Even with you starting back at square one, you feel like you’re working towards something, and you learn enemy patterns and get more skilled at countering them. It even rewards speed running through levels, as there are doors that lock after a certain amount of time, and reaching them rewards you with Dead Cells, blueprints, and money.There’s a good amount of weapons on display here, but what really makes them shine is that any of them can have various bonus abilities that not only change your playstyle, but synergize with other weapons to a ridiculous degree. You can get a bear trap at covers enemies on oil, with goes well with your fire grenade, a bow that freezes enemies in place allowing you to bash them with your hammer that does bonus damage to frozen targets, or even a magnetic grenade that pulls enemies into my sawblade trap. I even just recently learned that my oil sword can enhance the fire already burning on the ground. There are very few weapons that I didn’t like, and my runs are rarely the same. It almost makes you look forward to each death, seeing what you'll get on the next run.When you look at, for example, The Binding of Isaac (which I love), a lot of weapons in that game are just straight up not good. Poop. Toilet. Soy ♥♥♥♥ing milk. Yet it Dead Cells you can feel that every weapon has some use. There are some weapons I favor over others, but I wouldn’t call any of them useless, especially with the aforementioned random bonus abilities. I don’t care for Spartan Sandals, but with the right abilities on it, it can become my best friend.I think what really makes me love Dead Cells though is that you can tell this game was made by HUMANS that actually PLAY these games for fun, and made improvements on the formula.-Reach a dead end? There’s a teleporter at every intersection and dead end, giving you the ability to teleport back onto the path in an instant, making back tracking and downtime almost non-existent.-Knock an enemy off a ledge to its death? It puts the loot where you knocked it off so you don’t have to run to go get it.-Use up all your arrow ammo? It tells you what enemy your arrows are stuck in so you can kill it and retrieve them.You can really feel like the developers made a game that THEY would want to play, that they think people would want to play, and thus went out of their way to make it as player friendly as they could, and get rid of the annoyances we wouldn’t want in our games.Again, even for early access this game is amazing right now. Plenty of content, varied battle system, very few bugs, and that ""one more run"" syndrome that makes you forget to stop playing. The developers even say they are planning to double the content it has now, which is awesome. If you want to wait for the full release to drop that’s understandable, but if this game sounds good to you I highly recommend keeping an eye on it. It’s an absolutely solid experience all around."
,Recommended,588650,35396381,Posted: 1 October,all,bfkuashdkbsakd,👌
,Recommended,588650,31799522,Posted: 16 May,all,Drillur,"I never give games the chance they deserve nowadays, but this kept me playing. Gawt daym."
,Recommended,588650,33072549,Posted: 1 July,all,Royer,"A mixture of Binding of Isaac, Hotline Miami and Dark Souls. Lovely game. Despite being in early access, it does a great job, haven't seen any bugs or glitches in my 9 hours of gameplay. Extremely replayable, and extremely satisfactory. If you like any two combinations of Binding of Isaac, Hotline Miami and Dark Souls, don't think before grabbing this lovely piece of game."
76561198117173861,Recommended,588650,35404371,Posted: 1 October,all,1v1VP,"I loved this game.I'm hooked on Orake right now though, 1k+ hours of game play, still going strong."
,Recommended,588650,34502914,Posted: 26 August,all,Waves,"play gameget really farthink ""I can do this""in graveyard, no potions low hpyou tell yourself you'll be very carefulyou can smell the exit, you can feel it right therein your excitement you ground pound to fall to the floor fasterdies to spikesgg"
,Recommended,588650,33142822,Posted: 2 July,all,Patzor,I like this game alot butttttttt its very frustrating because i am not that good. i just cannot git gud
,Recommended,588650,32815596,Posted: 26 June,all,Sp4rkR4t,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥excellent. Will die again. 14.32/10.
76561197988113155,Recommended,588650,31717691,Posted: 13 May,all,SAF,"I really like Dead Cells so far, it's a great action platformer at it's core, and it's very similar to Rogue Legacy (same unlockable perm upgrades system), but overall I think it's better and I'm a pretty big fun of RL, so that's saying something. Dead Cells includes: several weapon types (whips, swords, shields, bows, etc...) and sub weapons (like throwable grenades and magic), Metroidvania-like gameplay (unlock something special to get somewhere you couldn't before), fast pace, tight controls, nice pixel art, perma-death, etc...A very complete package for an EA game and it's still got at least 8 months to full release according to the devs. I can only imagine the full release being beyond incredible because we already have a great game here at day 3. The only cons are the lack of enemy variety and bosses.I highly recommend the game for fans of Metroidvanias and Rogue-likes, you really can't go wrong here if you're a fan of these types of games. It's a must buy, and i don't use those words loosely."
,Not Recommended,588650,31744026,Posted: 14 May,all,Ceno,"There's a lot of potential here, but at this time, I can't really recommend the game, especially not under the pretense of what Dead Cells claims to be - a Souls-like metroidvania game. The combat is not Souls-like at all, and I say that with ~1k hours invested throughout the Souls series on Steam and on console. None of the gameplay is especially Souls-like. The Souls series is about making mistakes and learning from them; Dead Cells is about getting the correct loot rolls/map layout or restarting. Likewise, with Metroid being my all-time favorite series of games, Dead Cells is not nearly in the same genre. Exploration feels moreso punished than rewarded and secrets rarely seem to amount to anything of significance.Dead Cells is host to a number of balance issues which hopefully can be worked out during Early Access - e.g., one/twoshots everywhere, melee not being viable, etc. - and the gameplay gets very repetitive very quickly. In light of this and the above, I cannot recommend Dead Cells as a Souls-like metroidvania title. However, if you're looking for a faster-paced roguelike game with lots of grinding to it, Dead Cells could be right up your alley.I sincerely hope I can change this review later into Early Access or upon the game's full release. There's a lot of potential here and I'd love to see Dead Cells become the game it claims to be.Edit: In response to Dyer1981, some general thoughts about specifics of the state of the game (because the below didn't fit within a 1000-character comment):From my point of view, a negative review with a few hours of playtime means a lot more than a negative review with hundreds of hours of playtime, because the former suggests that the game failed to captivate and entertain a customer while the latter suggests a customer had a lot of fun with it for a while and then something probably changed that changed the status quo they were used to (for instance, my PD2 or KF2 reviews).Being in EA does not excuse problems, as if problems are ignored and never addressed, what's the point of going into EA to begin with?You briefly touched on one of the faults of the game - with Magnet Bombs being far too good at what they do - but I think you neglect the fact that Strength is just generally not a viable way to play the game. Perhaps that's a little strong, and it's theoretically 'viable' but its definitely not safe nor is it recommendable. Cheesing content via Abilities and going for 7+/1/5+ builds (which is entirely dependent on RNG) is the best way to grind and progress through the game's content for a variety of reasons (chief among them being enemy damage too spiky, a cooldown on dodge-rolling, and no iframes in between hits).To that degree, however, there's little incentive to keep grinding. Once you unlock the gold recovery and health flask upgrades, the starting sword randomization upgrade, and a couple Ability unlocks, there's virtually no reason to try to get more Cells. Bows are mostly useless (with two exceptions) and Shields are universally entirely useless beyond stage 2, so why bother investing in either weapon type further?I admit that with so 'few' hours I likely don't have a full grasp on the meta of the game and would gladly love to be shown evidence proving me wrong. However, with thousands of hours in the Souls series and RPG/Roguelikes, I'm inclined to believe I have at least a vague idea of what's good and what isn't."
,Not Recommended,588650,34546648,Posted: 28 August,all,Ice_,"I'm requesting a refund. It's not that it's a bad game, I've just not been able to start the game because it crashes every single time. I am not alone when it comes to launch crashes, it's fairly common it seems if you read the forums.I'm definitely going to pick this game up at a later and more stable stage but for now, I'd like to throw out a warning in case you are considering buying it.Review will be changed when they've fixed the launch crash issue."
,Recommended,588650,33146483,Posted: 2 July,all,Fallout,"++++ Love this game lots a replay ability, tuns of custimization and progession!!!!"
,Recommended,588650,31798459,Posted: 16 May,all,Sir Luck,"It is fun if you like to repeat the game after you dieI died once, left the game and I'll leave it at that."
,Recommended,588650,32030107,Posted: 28 May,all,SaveTheBeez$,A must have if you love rogues
,Recommended,588650,31732328,Posted: 13 May,all,malaisling,"Yet another game which has based itself off the psuedo-difficult sub par Souls series. However this game is one of the few that manage to create a relatively enjoyable and well crafted experience.The pixelated graphics of the game itself, as well as the animation and music is very high quality. However the game lacks an overall sense of theme and maturity. The graphics make it look like a slightly cartoon arcade game, with even more silly and unimaginative enemies, neither of which feel at home in the genre the game is set in. The characters themselves, and the world building all feel very disjointed and poorly thought out. Which draws from the overall immersion as it does not feel like the game is a world, simply a collection of well crafted but random and silly assets.The combat revolves around single button mashing, but requires the player to actively dodge and use multiple abilities and a second weapon. The combat thus rewards reaction, in-combat thinking and agility which at times is downright satisfying to experience. While players cut through enemies very quickly, the game throws enemies consistently at the player in a way that does not make them feel like complete fodder despite how many the player will kill. Enemies however are capable of dealing high amounts of damage in general, making each hit the player takes somewhat serious. Although, the game will at times overwhelm the player with elite enemies and hordes which are far too large to fairly counter and fight against considering the speed of the combat system. Making certain fights sloppy and unfair to face.While each time the player dies they lose their progress, players unlock permanent rewards and new items for the item pool by cashing in experience. Collected gold is also lost on death, and is meant to purchase items and benefits for your character in that specific playthrough. Unlike other games however items are quite affordable, and so players do not need to tediously save large amounts of currency in a single playthrough just to buy some equipment.While the same assets and enemies are used in each different area, the dungeons are fully randomized making them very replayable. Players able to choose alternate paths, and unlock permanent access to certain paths as they play.What the game lacks in the creativity of the world and graphical themes it makes up for in very solid gameplay and rogue-based progression. It does not set itself apart or above of any of the rogue-like giants made in the past, but it fully succeeds to be a decent game and experience."
76561197982345110,Recommended,588650,31699052,Posted: 12 May,all,Lioncash,"Best thing I've played since Risk of rain. Art style is perfect, procedural generation is perfect, items are worthwhile, interesting and change gameplay in huge ways. So far the bosses have been punishing yet easy to remember their movesets so you can actually learn the game in a fair way. Beautiful product."
,Not Recommended,588650,35134367,Posted: 22 September,all,Darktalon,"The devolopers have still not fixed an inherent framepacing issue built into the game. If you move in this game at all, which you do a lot of, the game will have a micro stutter every second, completely consistently. So enjoy having the game stutter  one frame for every second you play this game. It is nauseating, and the fact that this bug is STILL in the game, shows me that it is inherent in how they coded the game. How can devolpers not use a damn frametime graph and see their own game is broken? It doesn't matter if you use DX or OpenGL, your code is stuttering."
,Recommended,588650,32867910,Posted: 27 June,all,让我代替月亮惩罚你,GOOD GAME!
76561198252167064,Recommended,588650,33152300,Posted: 2 July,all,domigejmer,"Pošto ima hrpetina recenzija na engleskom, evo jedna za Balkance.Kratko i jasno: ova igra je fenomenalna. Ovo vam govori čovjek kojem baš i ne idu ovakve igre jer je dosta zajebana/teška. Napravljena je na način da kad umrete, počinjete iznova ali vam ostaju zabilježeni poeni koje ulažete u skillove, oružja, itd... Grafika je pixelasta ali nekako moderno pixelasta - vrhunski odrađeno. Gameplay je zabavan. Koliko god♥♥♥♥♥♥da sam umro dosad nikad nisam osjećao frustraciju jer što više ponavljate stazu to bolje učite kako se nositi protiv određenih neprijatelja.Toplo preporučam."
,Recommended,588650,33262825,Posted: 4 July,all,Real Man,"Ight listen up engourged knob knockers, this gayms perty gud. It's very reminiscent of darksouls with a health system like the estus flasks and permideath that strips you of your sweet juicy booty. I personally love the artstyle of this game but then again does any other potato really care how I like pixels on a $9.99 spiderman laptop screen that me mum got at wallmart for the increadable low price of my favorite thumbtack? Nyway I just did this to level up my steam street cred ya hear dawg?Gud game, 4th outta July would Merica again"
,Recommended,588650,33270022,Posted: 5 July,all,Carnimal,WARNING: THIS GAME IS EXTREMELY ENTERTAINING... DO TRY THIS AT HOME
76561198049377802,Recommended,588650,32648416,Posted: 22 June,all,Mokemz,disgame is lit
76561198073876042,Recommended,588650,31868006,Posted: 20 May,all,korhasch,Great♥♥♥♥♥♥so far!
,Recommended,588650,31677732,Posted: 10 May,all,Kozmiic,"Disclaimer: This game is not complete yet so dont expect a complete gameIn its current state its still worth playing and the combat system is near perfect, the art and level structure changes between different areas which makes it more fun an interesting (some vertical levels, some horizontal levels) The bosses in this game ar eok but they are pretty easy and if you are a roguelike veteran like me it might only take u an hour or two to beat the game but there are lots of upgrades to make the game more enjoyable and fun and there is also a timer so u can speedrun it"
76561198049230394,Recommended,588650,33922431,Posted: 31 July,all,noloUzame,Thest best part about Dead Cells is that it's still in early access. There's already enough for a full game.
,Recommended,588650,31963030,Posted: 25 May,all,AutoCastSelf,Amazingly fun.please port this to Switch!pleaseplease!
,Recommended,588650,31718903,Posted: 13 May,all,Kevinlm,To developers: Please bring this fxxking amazing game to Nintendo Switch!
76561197966480518,Recommended,588650,32040810,Posted: 29 May,all,Madvih,"Very nice game, it's challenging, reminds me Dark souls, Castlevania and good old 2D shooters. You can be OP if you work on your character same as you can die in an instant. I recomend it! even it's a early access it's hours of fun right now. Hope they will work hard to make it even better!"
76561198121689496,Recommended,588650,31853626,Posted: 19 May,all,M870 Rush B!,"This game is really fun with different skills and maps in dungeon adventure.Cant stop play Dead Cell again and again because you want to be stronger and unlock more skills and weapons.Quite fun, great background music and such amaing combat movement.After all, it is still an early access game, i have to say still need improeve some parts of it:I think need more weapons and skills, the more the better.The map should be improved, and i guess the official will be update soon,cause some place is hard to clime especially edges.The boss fight, the boss movement should be more clear and easy to find its weakness, currently seems to hard to find how to beat boss, maybe i should beat this EA again, but the ending still not finish, you will be killed at the end and restart game again.Nice game, really enjoy this game, I still need to find more blueprints to unlock more fun."
76561197999949610,Recommended,588650,34729689,Posted: 4 September,all,Blunts,Meh its okay. I play for a couple of minutes here and there. ;)
76561198006886854,Recommended,588650,33264132,Posted: 5 July,all,Boner,go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198359190781,Recommended,588650,31784253,Posted: 16 May,all,shaystersky,sooooooooooooooo gooooooooood
76561198054575429,Recommended,588650,31788473,Posted: 16 May,all,CroyBoy,"This is the game ""Slain"" should have beenThe sword play is very reminiscent of the First Samurai on the amiga and c64.For those worried about it being ""rogue"" like. It isn't too bad in that respect. The levels are quite massive, and actually quite interesting. You'll be suprised at the level of detail.  Don't let the random nature of the levels be a reason to stop you playing this.  I was hesitant because of the random nature, but glad I bought it."
,Recommended,588650,34545283,Posted: 27 August,all,Tsukiyomaru Zero,Take Dark Souls and put in a blender with Metroid. This is what you get.Worth? EVERY. FREAKING. PENNY!
,Recommended,588650,33912279,Posted: 30 July,all,Ugly Muthu,Extremely good.
,Recommended,588650,33076796,Posted: 1 July,all,LiquidGyro,its good stuffworth the moneyye
76561198145568489,Recommended,588650,33081705,Posted: 1 July,all,Luzifer,great game its just great don´t ask just buy it and play it
,Recommended,588650,33013243,Posted: 29 June,all,[x],"Amazing, amazing game. I was 2nd guessing myself before even purchasing this game but...GOOD lord, this game is the epitome of amazing. The thing that blows me away is it's not even near being released yet and the devs are actively working on making things even better. THIS is a MUST buy for anyone who loves a challenge, for anyone who remembers the days of old school Arcade games with a challenge. BUY IT, PLAY IT, STREAM IT, YOUTUBE IT, it's a 10/10 game."
76561198003178974,Not Recommended,588650,35155515,Posted: 23 September,all,ameet_n_sharma,"The game would be fantastic if there were no technical issues. However, the stuttering and camera jiggling issue that occurs whenever there's a lot going on in-screen, makes the game almost unplayable for me. If this issue was fixed I'd give this game a strong thumbs-up. If/when the issue is fixed, I'll recommend the game at that point."
,Recommended,588650,31830111,Posted: 18 May,all,ChaositY,"Worth twice the price, buy it now"
,Recommended,588650,31829882,Posted: 18 May,all,SouthSideDown,I love this game but for the love of god nerf the elite enimies theyre harder than the first boss
,Recommended,588650,31868815,Posted: 20 May,all,clam?,Kill things and don't die. That goal is well supported by the mechanics and sequence of progress.
,Recommended,588650,31869629,Posted: 20 May,all,Poro,I don't even like roguelikes and I love this game
76561198067281699,Recommended,588650,31869869,Posted: 20 May,all,Binnie,"One of the best metroidvanias of all time... Mixing 'perma' death with a well thought out reward system that can reward those that take their time to get everything and those that speed through to get to secret time delay doors. The levels vary from death to death but are still well constructed. The hitting FEELS good, the weapons let your really customize your play style.This game is well made and if you like action side scrollers at all this is the game for you. This is basically ninja gaiden but better IMO.Also, this is NOTHING like dark souls. There are just plaenty of good core game mechanics in it... which dark souls is a game based almost soley on good game mechanics."
,Recommended,588650,31870018,Posted: 20 May,all,ChaosCreeper,"At this early in development, it should not be this good... But holy hell it is.Everything about this game is great. It has some of the smoothest controls I've ever played.If you like any of these following games you'll probably like this game: Castlevania, Dark Souls, any rogue-like."
76561197974770053,Recommended,588650,31869854,Posted: 20 May,all,Big Shooter,"As is there is a lot of content, but with so much more on the way you might want to hold off. The full experience will be fantastic with the foundation they have built.Pros-Incredible controls and movement-Rechargeable abilities (gameplay doesn't take a backseat to gathering ammunition etc....)-Good persistent upgrade system (buying different weapons, more potions, etc....)-Good enemy design-Really beautiful pixel art and environmentsCons-Not finished yet (heheh)"
76561198019728084,Recommended,588650,31849865,Posted: 19 May,all,[=1=] Foxco,Fun game .Only problem is the virus Trogen.gen.8!cloud. Norton wont let the game play.
,Recommended,588650,31885140,Posted: 21 May,all,Drulius Caesar,"Having some real good fun with this. Responsive controls, cheese strats galore for those who want (meat grinder + turret + whip <3 ) and a gorgeous art style. Keep it coming!"
76561198059001281,Recommended,588650,31885867,Posted: 21 May,all,AltronEX,Excellent combination of metroidvania and the souls formula. Highly recommended if you enjoy SOTN!
,Recommended,588650,31808644,Posted: 17 May,all,C.C.,gg
76561198127706513,Recommended,588650,31894447,Posted: 21 May,all,BrickStudios,"Dead Cells is, in a word, incredible.The Good:- A fluid combat system which makes you feel like an unstoppable badass right up until the point that you screw up and die.- RNG flavours ensure that you're always looking forward to new things with that wonderful burst of dopamine when you get your favourite weapons and combos.- Progression that is appropriately difficult in a way that makes you feel like when you fail, success was juuuuuust out of reach so you're eager to go back and try again.The Bad- Flying enemies. There is no auto up/down angle for your sword attack or for any of the bows in the game. You need to get a weapon that ""automatically targets the nearest enemy"" in order to deal with them well. Those are exceedingly rare, but considering how much of the game's combat is made to feel like you're in control of the battle it's very frustrating when you have a run where you don't get one of those weapons and then the ranged enemies take away all of your fun.- No ""i"" frames to speak of. Even getting a single second or two would be a boon. It's very possible to get combo'd to death from one mistake.- One shots. You can be one shot by some of the bosses/elite enemies, and even some regular enemies late game, if you don't get enough HP ups on your run. Adding a health gate mechanic (i.e. if you're over x% amount of health and the attack would kill you in one hit, you're left instead with y% health, giving you a chance to recover, escape, and heal.I've yet to find a game I enjoy more in the rogue lite genre. It combines the things I loved the most about Hollow Knight (the punishing, simple, and enjoyable combat + the exploration and finding of secrets) with the RNG that so many people love about The Binding of Isaac, and a graphical art that touches all of my nostalgia feels.I would say get it now while it's in early access. It's worth every penny and then some."
76561198066213077,Recommended,588650,31944566,Posted: 24 May,all,ivan_pratikno,awesome. ultimate awesomeness
,Recommended,588650,31775607,Posted: 15 May,all,Chonto,"like a pixelated dark souls platformer. the music, the style, the combat... everything is great."
76561198041443883,Recommended,588650,32024833,Posted: 28 May,all,Hsarus,You are basically Flubber that kills everything 10/10
76561198077255136,Recommended,588650,32029922,Posted: 28 May,all,Khajiit,"the only thing I love about this game is the people who complain that the game is too difficult, makes me laugh. Good job devs"
76561197989663747,Recommended,588650,32053766,Posted: 29 May,all,Xaalen,"Combat feels amazing. Progression system seems pretty fair, difficulty curve ramps up quickly however. This game does not feel remotely like an early access game, and with ""double the amount of content"" still to come this is an easy recommendation for me.10/10"
76561198043063806,Recommended,588650,32032261,Posted: 28 May,all,spudzalot,"So this game is probably the most ambitious rogue game I have seen and has potential to be the best.  Right now even thought its only early access it has so many good things going for it.  The art is beautiful and stylistic, gameplay is incredibly smooth and the enemy designs are pretty damn solid.  At the moment it will probably take just about 20 hours to have a completely successful final boss kill but even after that I could see this having tons and tons of replay value simply because all the items are so unique and fun.I would say my only problems with the game is that the items are a little unbalanced at the moment.  Stuff like the Electric Whip is so automatic and easy to use which completely overshadows other items such as shields which feel incredibly weak at the moment.  I know the point of rogue games is to have some wonky item balance so runs are unique but at the moment the gap between items is too large.Nonetheless I can't wait to see where this game goes.  It has been a while since I've been so blown away by an indie game, and I will even rebuy it on other platforms when the time comes."
76561197991548126,Recommended,588650,32035825,Posted: 28 May,all,᠌ ᠌ ᠌᠌ ᠌ ᠌ ᠌ ᠌,"If you like Metroid, Castlevania, Megaman, MegamanX, Megamen Zero, even Mario.This is the game you should be playing.Pro:1.Every run-through matters. You accumulate currency and upgrades for your next run always.2.Your play style matters. You can swap and discover new spells and weapons, find the one that suits your style and unleash your skills.3.Progressive challenges. The difficulty increases as you progress but it also means you can beat it step by step.4.Take the extensive route or skip a level with short cut. It's your own choice.5.procedural generate gameplay, each time you pick up different weapon with different modifiers, keep looting.6.Pixel graphic, needless to say7.Community is contributing with new bright ideasCons:1. Early access, the game may go through drastic changes when it is officially released.2. Time consuming, it's a rogue-like that requires time investment. Gameplay could be extensive3. You need to learn everything every traps in the hard way, like dying4. Not much enemies at the moment, its not too hard once you master your way , what makes the game hard is the mob spawn rather than the mob itself.Verdict:A genuine playable, enjoyable early access game which totally worths the price. If you are a fan of classic platformers or rogue-like or even arpg, this one is a must-try."
,Recommended,588650,32037900,Posted: 29 May,all,doc05,"This game is fun and addictive, it let you keep coming back for more. and I strongly recommend itp.s. that first archer boss is sooo fxxcin annoying."
,Recommended,588650,32041871,Posted: 29 May,all,Some Ginger Guy,Honestly good game. Can't wait to see all the cool new content that comes with updates and when it leaves the early access stage.
76561197998952406,Recommended,588650,32050718,Posted: 29 May,all,[UN]iowcatalyst,"I think this might be the best rogue like/lite I have pleyed, including the likes of Rogue Legacy and Enter the Gungeon. It looks beautiful, kind of like if the amiga was still going today but far more powerful and 3d graphics had never been invented. The combat is glorious and quite varied with the amount of different weapons you can unlock. The fact that this gives you some sort of progression similar to Rogue legacy is a brilliant thing as you never really feel like a run is wasted and keeps you coming back to unlock new weapons and skills.Totally worth the money, I have played 9-10 hours so far and have yet to encounter anything 'early accesssih' so far. This h#game is going to be big, especially is it makes it too the switch"
,Recommended,588650,32033927,Posted: 28 May,all,Dr.Clubfresh,Great gaming even while in early access! I've been waiting to play this for a while and I'm glad I got the chance to! It's really fun!
,Recommended,588650,32035832,Posted: 28 May,all,Kunzer,I am quite satisfied with the money I spent on this game.Really good game with plenty of challenges and wonderful combat.You should give it a shot!
76561198048348178,Recommended,588650,32037651,Posted: 29 May,all,Uncle Grim,"It's an amalgamation of RogueLegacy, Dark Souls, and Metroidvania.What's not to like?"
,Recommended,588650,32043725,Posted: 29 May,all,H A V O C,"If getting to a bonfire in Dark Souls was stressful, then dying in Dead Cells will infuriate you if you're on a good run.This game is seriously addicting once you get the hang of it. There is tons of replayability & a grind like experience to help make those runs a little better when you try out new builds. When you die, you die. There are no checkpoints to save your progress so you can return to the last level you were on with all your upgrades...just back to the beginning to start a new run in hopes of better RNG to live ""the dream""Some runs will have bad RNG drops but think of this as a time to experiment new builds & learn the enemies attack patterns, since this will make the game feel a bit easier in the beginning levels. When you get to the later levels, you better think twice about rushing in because some mobs can easily 1 shot you or create a recipe for disaster. I've never been more upset dying in a game than I ever have before. At least in other games, you can respawn at a checkpoint & continue your journey but not with Dead Cells.Not all progression is lost though, any blue prints you picked up & turned in at the end of a level will still be there, along with any distributed cells you put into skills to make those weapons even more powerful if you pick them up again. Of course, weapons you pick up in the game will have additonal RNG stats which can either compliment a specific build you are trying to run (stacking bleed for instance) or it can make you question breaking that build for that extra 10% damage :PEither way, its a dynamic way to play, giving it that replayability I mentioned earlier which is why I enjoy this game so much. At times I have felt like it is a chore to start all over just to attempt to get past the new area I just went to but how else am I going to get better at juking mobs, finding the best builds & collect all that gold with the secret areas to upgrade my♥♥♥♥♥♥Other than that, I feel that for an EA game, it is well polished as I have not ran into any issues myself or experienced any bugs (others might have but the deveolpers have made it a point to make sure they fix them because being able to play the game is the most important aspect right now) and I simply cannot wait for future updates with new weapons & environmental aspects to utilize to my advantage.So...should you pick this game up? If you have any logical sense in you, no questions asked."
76561197999084899,Recommended,588650,32046955,Posted: 29 May,all,Starscream,"Really solid platforming experience. Permanent upgrades aren't incredibly strong, so you're going to need to get good if you want to progress. The level layout is less open than I thought it would be (there are a handful of different routes you can take to get to the last levels, and then it's totally linear.) Overall very good."
,Recommended,588650,32053078,Posted: 29 May,all,: (,"这个游戏 战斗画面很流畅 很容易上瘾 对于这个价钱我强烈推荐玩家入手。好话我就不多说了 其他评论里都有。。。但是！！！几个设定问题：1）武器不平衡： 我已经通关了 总共两个boss 之前我用各种套路打的累死累活 最后尝试了一下双强化加暴击剑（就是那个滚一下可以马上暴击的剑） 我说一下伤害哦 我主武器强化七 18000+一下 最终boss被我打一下出触手 感情我之前玩的套路都是情怀~~~2） 诅咒之剑和暴怒之剑一个LOGO：你FINAL BOSS给我掉了个诅咒之剑 首先他LOGO一根暴怒之剑一样也就算了！ 也就算了！！ 这什么属性啊！ 携带者一击就死 我他喵一开始还以为是我打别人一下就死 结果是我被打一下就死 那我明白诅咒之剑是啥意思了 就是通关了嫌你无聊 给你来个一击死的hard mode不过整体！！ 绝对值得购买 何况现在是初体验 希望制作商加油！！ENGLISH VERSION:I'm not gonna waste words talking about how good this game is, cuz it really is.BUT there're FEW PROBLEMS I feel really FUNNY about:First: TWO ""damage buffer"" + ONE ""rapier"" (main weapon) +lvl 7 strength = 18000+ damage.FOUR HITS = HP of final boss (excluding its tentacles, players got this far know what i mean) (I didn't even max my         rapier)UNBALANCED```UNBALANCED```UNBALANCED```UNBALANCED```UNBALANCED```UNBALANCED```Second: The reward for final boss is ""Curved sword"" and after that boss, you met someone and he killed you so you can start over. The attribute for that sword is -- ""one hit and you are dead. YES it just gives you a hell mode"""
,Recommended,588650,32034866,Posted: 28 May,all,Crabhammer,"Fluid controls and medium-brutal difficulty go so well together.  I really hope the stuttering problem is fixed soon!  Turning off vsync seems to have helped a bit, but it's still there.  But even if it's never fixed, this game will still be worth many hours of my time."
76561198121802844,Recommended,588650,32043150,Posted: 29 May,all,KAITO,AMAZING GAME FOR EARLY ACCESS.  still have a lot of area for improvement but overall this game have a lot of potential in the future.
76561198158125034,Recommended,588650,31683405,Posted: 11 May,all,Azure,"Long story short, if you like Metroidvania, get it.However, if you are a clever MF as myself, and did not read that it was a roguelike, this may change how you feel.The levels are *mostly* procedurally generated, but they come off really well, rarely something stupid happens with the level design.As I said, i may have not read all the tags for the game, I am a Metroidvania junkie, and I still do not regret it, sure, you will miss the aspect of the metroidvania that comes from learning your way around the place and seeing how it connects with newer areas, because it does change a lot every time, but it did not bother me at all, since the combat is solid and you feel motivated to continue, to not die as fast, to find and/or purchase upgrades.On this topic, that is how the game keeps it interesting, every time you take a go at it, you may find upgrades, crafting scrolls, and means to become permanently stronger, so in that regard is kind of like Dark Souls, where as long as you made yourself stronger, it doesnt matter to die every once in a while, after all in both this and DS, dying is just part of the cycle, a gameplay element and sort of a necessary evil... and because of that, I feel it should borrow that one soulslike element, of being able to recover your lost stuff, since you lose cells, gold, and every weapon you have found during your trip, sure every go is kinda random so you cant exactly get to where you died, but the game designers are clever, i know they can figure it out.If this game keeps going as it is right now, it will be a damn good release, for the time being I love it."
,Recommended,588650,31686390,Posted: 11 May,all,endaye,好玩！
76561198041972887,Recommended,588650,31693286,Posted: 11 May,all,Unknown,"Try, die.Try again, get a little further, die.Once again try, this time you see somebody that mocks you every death.Lose hope but keep trying some more.Get a few new recipes and start establishing a foundation for your starts. By now you're average at the game, averaging at least 5 minutes per game per death. You've bought a few recipes and you figure out the game's core mechanics and you start taking risks.Lose it all, but keep you keep trying.And then it happens. You make permanent progress and it clicks! You get that urge to keep going and it makes you empowered.But then you meet an elite and it ♥♥♥♥s your day. 10/10, bought it a minute after I saw two minutes of gameplay, if that can tell you anything about how good this game is."
76561197999887741,Recommended,588650,31700621,Posted: 12 May,all,Flipper,Great game with variouse gameplay!
,Recommended,588650,31710981,Posted: 12 May,all,Bacterial,Wow! I'm having a blast about this game! Great start 10/10!
76561198035195465,Recommended,588650,31790315,Posted: 16 May,all,Lame,"gud gam, is hard but fun"
,Recommended,588650,31756922,Posted: 14 May,all,IIIPHANTOMIII,5 hours and I'm still having fun with this extremely fun and an addicting game.
,Recommended,588650,31768656,Posted: 15 May,all,]NS[SkkyHigh,Just buy it!!
76561198086888225,Recommended,588650,31779609,Posted: 15 May,all,coolnate02,2D Dark Souls10 outta 10
,Recommended,588650,31765136,Posted: 15 May,all,Tairongo,"The only complaint I have about the game is the developers description of it. The combat isn't soulslike at all, unless a dodge button and losing your stuff upon death is all it takes to be considered one, in which case WoW is also a soulslike.That aside, this game is awesome. There are clearly some minor gameplay balances to be made (The flamable sword isn't even worth looking at and the rapier is absolutly busted strong), but all in all, in it's current state, Dead Cells could be considered an actual full game. The movement is solid, the combat feels good, the enemies have a decent amount of variation and the art style looks phenominal. The weapon traits are even randomised like Borderlands so even the kind of sword won't be something you've seen before.Solid 8/10"
76561198058761998,Recommended,588650,31727688,Posted: 13 May,all,xion,Good Gaem
,Recommended,588650,31751678,Posted: 14 May,all,mynameiswillem,This game is very fun!!
,Recommended,588650,31748996,Posted: 14 May,all,Profsano ☕,The guy you play as runs like spiderman.
76561198106641082,Recommended,588650,31926227,Posted: 23 May,all,SirClarke,So far one of the best games i've played in a long time if they keep this up i think it will be a great game
,Recommended,588650,32094680,Posted: 31 May,all,doob,"The description of the game tells it all. If you like 2D sidescrolling action platformers look no further. Combat feels right and every bit of damage you take is your own fault, you can't and won't feel robbed from the game. The constant progression will keep your sense of accomplishment alive and well... why are you still reading this, BUY DEAD CELLS NOW!"
76561197979136654,Recommended,588650,32170048,Posted: 4 June,all,revolution82,I strongly recommend this game. It's a combination of castlevinia sotn and Dark Soul
76561198013654857,Recommended,588650,32513055,Posted: 17 June,all,GodsGunman,"Took less than 18 hours to beat the game and after that there's not much replayability once you have. As long as you're fine with that, this is a really good roguelike. Unfortunately, a controller is nearly a requirement to enjoy the game, and I rarely play games with controllers."
,Recommended,588650,32498754,Posted: 17 June,all,Kaan,.
,Recommended,588650,31865463,Posted: 20 May,all,_Error,"Its aaight. prtty damn good rouge like. Needs some balancing (looking at you blood loss), cant seem to put it down though."
76561198039638880,Recommended,588650,31733384,Posted: 13 May,all,lukask17,"*begins the game, gets killed because I did not know how to dodge roll*11/10"
76561198044983601,Recommended,588650,32492581,Posted: 16 June,all,Chet Donnelly,well ♥♥♥♥ing done!
76561197985073430,Recommended,588650,33199734,Posted: 3 July,all,unhappy_meal,The successor/evolution of Rogue Legacy I've been waiting so long for :)
,Recommended,588650,33393127,Posted: 8 July,all,randybingo,rly gud
,Recommended,588650,32768763,Posted: 25 June,all,Thimo,My new rogue-lite addiction
,Recommended,588650,33278771,Posted: 5 July,all,FabulousPenguin,"So far I've really loved this game. I think the devs really nailed what they were trying to do with this rogue-lite. The graphics are great, animations are awesome, music is top-notch, and the gameplay is even better than the aforementioned things.The only problems I have with Dead Cells are minor gameplay things, such as (note that these are all my opinion, so you don't have to feel the same way):*AoE builds are more powerful than regular builds. At some points, you are so swarmed with enemies that AoE skills feel absolutely necessary, and I would like for all builds to be viable.*Some areas are too linear, I'd say the Ramparts and the Promenade have a layout that's pretty much always the same, though particularly the Promenade, since you can basically just run through the entire level, whereas other levels have a hidden path you need to find to progress through the level.*Some items are too powerful. The magnet grenade for example is almost too good to pass up. The freeze grenade is almost invaluable against the final boss as well.*Some items are too weak. For example, but maybe this is just me, I feel shields aren't useful enough. Especially in the later levels, it feels almost impossible to block attacks when you're surrounded by 10 enemies. I don't have any idea to improve them, though, as I really like the concept of the shields. You really can't turtle behind a shield. I also found the Spartan Sandals to be not all that useful.*Though I really find the curse mechanism a great idea, the poison water in the Old and the Toxic Sewer can really be the bane of my existence. Sometimes the platforming there can be a bit awkward (though for the most part, the platforming in this game works really well), and as a result you die, simply because you touched the water for one second too long. Those were the only times I felt I really died an unfair death.*Even though this game doesn't feel very tedious, the beginning areas can get a bit tedious, because of the similar layout. I was also fairly disappointed by the world layout. All areas really just end up in the same place.*I found the challenge areas to be quite impossible, mainly due to the lack of space to fight a ton of enemies in.*I also do have one slightly bigger problem with this game, and that is that after the final boss I had little incentive to play again. The variety of the game started to lack a little bit, due to the lack of variety in areas I started to experience after twentysome hours.Those were really my only gripes with the game. I really hope the devs add maybe a new game plus mode, or at least a way to really pump the longevity of this game, as it's totally awesome. Of course the content will likely be doubled by the time this game is out of EA, but still.I really encourage you to play this game, as it's really fun to play, and all around just a really solid rogue-lite.Note that, since this is early access, this review is subject to change.On a side note, some things I would love to see added into the game:* A story with quests* Even more content* A new game plus mode, as mentioned above."
,Recommended,588650,33417669,Posted: 9 July,all,Kombatant,"This game wanted my life and my free time. It didn't ask too, it just took it :("
76561198019276671,Recommended,588650,32007299,Posted: 27 May,all,KingGlade,This is the best early access game I have ever played!
,Recommended,588650,32283944,Posted: 8 June,all,yolofm™,"Like Dark Souls, except you can make mitochondria jokes."
,Recommended,588650,31692343,Posted: 11 May,all,Cheddardust,its good
76561198173102907,Recommended,588650,32299949,Posted: 9 June,all,ninjababy,so apparently you can get crushed by the elevators...... it hurts... alot
76561198093220190,Recommended,588650,31866851,Posted: 20 May,all,Борис,"I've been looking at this game for a while because of its unique rogue medtroidvania, and once I got it I was astonished. This game can run on low end computers, and has very good controls. Since its a early access game, there way more content coming. I also like how if you die, you start over, but with upgrades from trading dead ells you collect from fallen foes, you can get back the money you dropped when you died, and get a free random sword, bow and shield. One thing that is very good about this game is how punishing it is and how fluent the combat is. It may seem a bit button mashy, but very satisfying. I recommend this to anyone who likes rogue, medtroidvania, 2-D pixels, and adventure games"
,Recommended,588650,32214969,Posted: 6 June,all,Seyla,"This game has some really great art, and it also has a great feel. The weapons (for the most part) feel unique, and I like the way some of them can be combod.However, there seems to be a lot of balance needed. Skills are definitely the way to go, as a few other peopl have pointed out, and you rarely use your primary/secondary weapons if you have great skills. Hell, the first time I got to the (current) final boss, it was with skill-only focus, and two of the same skills.I really hope that things get tuned in the future to make weapons more useful even in the late game, because they feel very satisfying. Still recommending because I'm excited for what else this game might bring."
,Recommended,588650,32383681,Posted: 13 June,all,Dave,"Almost 300 games in my library and a Steam user from the beginning, first time I've ever felt the need to review anything. It's all been said about this game, I just wanted to drop in my two cents and say how much this game has impressed me going in with no expectations, this is by far the best result I've gotten yet from trying an ""early access"" game. Really caught me off guard with how much pure fun it is. The combat has a real satisfying crunch to it and the game is quite unforgiving with tons of replay value. Do yourself a favor and give this gem a try, can't wait for it to expand. Just one more round, I'll make it this time."
,Recommended,588650,32401430,Posted: 13 June,all,Jelaall the Meat King,+1
76561198105572423,Recommended,588650,32744031,Posted: 24 June,all,Horiizunn,"I bought this game on the 2017 steam summer sale and i did not regret it, this game is an extremely fast-paced game and it is definitely worth considering buying it due to how much fun it is in early access!!The one negative thing is, is that you can die very easily so then you have to start again which kinda sucks but maybe the dev team could change this by adding in checkpoints everytime you go to a new biome and making the biomes bigger so it is harder to progress so you dont have to start over again9/10 worth it for the early access development!!!"
76561198143052957,Recommended,588650,32725467,Posted: 24 June,all,Hime sama getto<3,"my mini map gt some problem , it does not show clearly where is the teleport spot"
76561198054815968,Recommended,588650,32884671,Posted: 27 June,all,\[T]/,git gud
76561198147080516,Recommended,588650,32646087,Posted: 22 June,all,Inte Filip Olhsson,Awesome game! As long as you take regular breaks this is one of the most fun games out there I think (it can get frustrating in the beginning). Especially when you get an OP combo. Very highly recommend
76561198120745180,Recommended,588650,32934910,Posted: 28 June,all,Redbigot,On a million.
76561197997311256,Recommended,588650,32941544,Posted: 28 June,all,[ Botasky ],"One of the most polished ""Early Access"" games I have ever purchased. Dead Cells will is a very strong contenter for best roguelike game 2017"
76561198404680168,Recommended,588650,33511813,Posted: 13 July,all,Vincent,"A lovely game really, nice take on the ol' 2d platform sidescroller with great progression throughout the many times you'll play."
,Recommended,588650,33474822,Posted: 12 July,all,Taste The Dinklage,is gud m8
,Recommended,588650,33256228,Posted: 4 July,all,Nif,Addictive!
,Recommended,588650,33217142,Posted: 3 July,all,TroyaN #NOHOMO,"This game is a pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Seriously its so simple but in the same time so amazing.You going to die here a lot, but with a smile on your face, cause every run gives you something different.Well done developers, totally recommended."
,Recommended,588650,33012157,Posted: 29 June,all,Hekso⚙,"For an Early Access game, this has been loads of fun for me. Combat is responsive and fast paced and runs well.Also the music in first area is lit!"
76561198010168527,Recommended,588650,32893804,Posted: 27 June,all,Landa,Excelente.
,Recommended,588650,31766695,Posted: 15 May,all,Juicy Jame,"Great game, fully recommend."
,Recommended,588650,33017837,Posted: 29 June,all,Rev,top kek
,Recommended,588650,33104450,Posted: 1 July,all,$Kiwi$,will somone help me the game isnt starting
76561198063424709,Recommended,588650,33107189,Posted: 1 July,all,Whale,9/10
,Recommended,588650,33029623,Posted: 30 June,all,Richiee,Rouge done right.
,Recommended,588650,33037632,Posted: 30 June,all,NepNepZ0Z,Fkn love it best game ive played in years 2nd to BDO
,Recommended,588650,33034006,Posted: 30 June,all,Fus1oN_,the humor in this is outrageously funny.
,Recommended,588650,33039139,Posted: 30 June,all,fgeek,Great game for this price. If you like rogue-likes this is a must get. Early access shouldn't frighten you as I've seen only one bug so far. The game is also continuously developed.
,Recommended,588650,33032943,Posted: 30 June,all,Zae'Ich,"It's very fun, yes yes.Nothing I can really say"
,Recommended,588650,33036516,Posted: 30 June,all,☢Stalker☢,👍
,Recommended,588650,34725637,Posted: 3 September,all,Engonge,"Solid gameplay, lovely visuals with just the right amount of difficulty. Can't go wrong with this game."
76561198090784635,Recommended,588650,34726834,Posted: 3 September,all,Jesus,"Ok, ok.This game is so good I might just die.  If you're wondering if you should buy this game, you should.  Do it just buy the game so that the devs can came it more amazing than it already is.  Though it says a game pad is reccomended you don't actually need one the keyboard controls work just as well.  You should buy this game."
,Recommended,588650,34729919,Posted: 4 September,all,PandaGG,Very fun game. Beautiful graphics with tight controls.
,Recommended,588650,34732111,Posted: 4 September,all,Seba,"I absolutely love games like this!  This is my second rogue like game, first being Rogue Legacy and this absolutely gets me back into the genre.  So far this game has exceeded my expectations.  The combat is so smooth and satisfying and the game is always a challenge.  Absolutely reccomend this game to anyone who has enjoyed rogue games in the past!"
76561198086509666,Recommended,588650,34727446,Posted: 3 September,all,SinisterGurl69,I gotta admit I am totally hooked on this game. One of my top fave games.
,Recommended,588650,34724925,Posted: 3 September,all,S U N B O R N E,"I am only a little bit of time in but literally every second I have played of this so far has been incredibly highly enjoyable, probably the most fun I have had in a game in years. I forsee myself gaining hundreds of hours into this game and highly recommend it to anyone who likes castlevania or roguelikes/lites, this game is exactly what they advertise."
76561198000892607,Recommended,588650,34731343,Posted: 4 September,all,Lemonwood,"If you looking for a face pace, action metroidvania. this game is for you. It so fun and generally is fair."
,Recommended,588650,34729314,Posted: 4 September,all,Kink Queen,"This game truly captures how a difficulty curve should look like. One of the best descriptions of this game I've seen is, ""Rouge-like Dark Souls Done Right"" and that was by Mr. TearofGrace. Love you, and Love the creator of the game. I really hope to see more content in this game and more games from you like this~"
,Recommended,588650,34178878,Posted: 11 August,all,DIY Lobotomy,Its a well polished rogue lite with dark souls elements
,Recommended,588650,34824245,Posted: 8 September,all,Cracknugget,"Fantastic metroidvania roguelike.worth every penny. Runs great, controls feel tight and intuitive, etc.Can't wait to see what will be there upon full release."
,Recommended,588650,34824275,Posted: 8 September,all,ZUGOC,best
76561198029454375,Recommended,588650,33659263,Posted: 19 July,all,rocksanu4,"Just amazing. It's just one of those games where before you know it, you're hooked. It has perma death system but is designed in such a way that your death won't be unfair and is most likely due to your own mistake. If the developers keep their promise to keep adding more content at the rate they are doing right now then this game may shape out to be my game of the year. It's that good. Specially if you have a hole in your heart after the conclusion of Dark Souls. Just buy it when it's still cheap. Good Job Devs. Seriously. It's clear that you are listening to us and and are passionate about this."
76561198279204238,Recommended,588650,34804108,Posted: 7 September,all,maozkov,"Apparently I'm only 10 hours into the game.I'm not normally into rogue-lites, but this one is definitely working for me. It's often the case with such games of the genre that I get too frustrated in the beginning, feeling like I get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me because I'm too underpowered and I need to play it a WHOLE lot in order to start seeing some useful items that can give me a fighting chance.This isn't the case for Dead Cells.The combat is fast and enjoyable. In fact, the nature of the combat often forces you to blow through whole areas of enemies at top speed. The items are very enjoyable. Unlocking new ones are fun and satisfying to use. I've plateaued in level progression a bit, but I feel like I'm on the next breakthrough.Loving it."
76561198143608227,Recommended,588650,34810587,Posted: 8 September,all,Wolf,"I hate this game! I've been playing this as much as i can since i got it a few days ago.Controls are fluid, every mistake is yours, the only cheap damage here is semi-long drops into spikes/poison water, challenging gameplay.10 hours in (according to steam) my hands hurt a lot after all the frantic jumps and fight, futile in trying to stay alive... this game hurts my hand and i hate it for it.9/10, Higly recomended, especially if you like rogulike, and action platforming.PS: rest your hands every now and then."
,Recommended,588650,33108854,Posted: 1 July,all,ptp,This game is my number one favorite Rouge like game i 100 percent suggest you buy it
,Recommended,588650,33663711,Posted: 19 July,all,ice in my lean,"This is the first game that made me actualy want to write a review. This game is AMAZING and you should try it right away. Easy to figure out, hard to master, and it is quite addictive too."
76561198138780572,Recommended,588650,31772285,Posted: 15 May,all,Katakro,This game is Awsome!!!
,Recommended,588650,34821429,Posted: 8 September,all,harziol5d,"only 3 hours in this game and i know this game is a true masterpiece even for early access. the game teaches you to get good but also gives you some item builds on the way to help progress.the only complaint i can give is that the shields in the game are a little underpowered (except the assault shield, that thing kicks everyone's♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197985769291,Recommended,588650,33659495,Posted: 19 July,all,dfreuden,"Great game and value - enjoyed the first 10 hours even though I died many, many times. Extremely variable with different play styles depending on randomized drops. A lot of fun to play around with and finding the best combos."
,Recommended,588650,33761964,Posted: 24 July,all,Divinegon,"This game is so good it inspired me to start writing reviews in a more professional manner.Review link below:https://orbitalrez.tumblr.com/post/163342071161/get-it-early-dead-cellsBuy it, it's money well spent now and even better once it's fully released."
76561198248328692,Recommended,588650,32715845,Posted: 24 June,all,☭🚀Soviet Cosmonaut🚀☭,"Hard as hell, fun as hell."
,Recommended,588650,32717212,Posted: 24 June,all,Volker Racho,"John Wolfe brought me here. Had to be a good game, aye? ;'D"
76561198041463909,Recommended,588650,32557530,Posted: 18 June,all,Jotaro SeaJoll,I saw this game on Reddit a few months ago and I was worried it was going to end horribly.  Dear god was I wrong when it came out.  I waited a good month to see what people thought of it and I heard good things and tried it.  I seriously wish I bought this on release day.  The game looks and plays amazing I also love the controller support.  All of the items feel like they actually have a purpose and the randomly generated maps aren't a mess.  Seriously it is an amazing side scrolling game that can be difficult at the later stages but that only makes it better.
76561198065312848,Recommended,588650,31961382,Posted: 25 May,all,GoldAllOnMyWatch,"Great game, great replayability, just needs more content right now"
76561198138501159,Recommended,588650,31959986,Posted: 25 May,all,JACKIE FUCKING VINCENT,This game is beautiful in every aspect and its not even done yet.also i have enocounterd only 1 bug which was me falling through the floor which was funny and the game recognized it and fixed it itself
,Recommended,588650,31960804,Posted: 25 May,all,chickenadobo,"A very good well designed game, controls are great, I like the fights, too much rng on every run tho, hope they add some static elements in the game. I recomend this to anyone wanting a 2d action platformer game. Devs please add more content/update asap. :D"
,Recommended,588650,31961190,Posted: 25 May,all,Sakabra,"Fun and addictive game.I didn't think I'd like it as much as I do, but am very glad that I gave it a shot.It's a lot of fun to Kill, Upgrade, Die, Learn, Repeat.I will definitely get WAY more than my requirement of 1hr/$1.Recommend."
76561198156286370,Recommended,588650,31960599,Posted: 25 May,all,Vincent,"This game gives new meaning to fun, combining Castlevania and Dark Souls elements to create a frustrating yet rewarding experience that has sucked hours out of my life. Regarding the supposed ""compatability issues"" with laptops, I use a laptop and it runs perfectly. Don't let your hardware deprive you of a perfectly great game. This is a 9.5 on the fun scale for me."
,Recommended,588650,31961036,Posted: 25 May,all,Ninners,"Fun rogue-like game with tight controls. Its' core-gameplay is good, but some polishing is needed in the late game area, as it gets repetitive getting one hit K.O'd by certain enemies. I hope the final product takes this in considiration, otherwise a solid game."
,Recommended,588650,31961518,Posted: 25 May,all,Snapchat,Çok zevkli bir oyun paranızın hakkını veriyor önceden erişim kalkana kadar umarım daha çok geliştirler verdiğiniz her kuruşa değer. Müzikleri olsun oynanış mekaniği olsun süper 10/10
76561198116913698,Recommended,588650,33945210,Posted: 1 August,all,Zavi,Great game!
,Recommended,588650,31714878,Posted: 12 May,all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"one of the best inde games i have ever playedsmooth gameplayawesome art stylegreat combat and upgradesmusic is goodthis game feels like strider,castlevania,metroid and abit of dark souls so glad i got this game !"
76561198061844476,Not Recommended,588650,31684370,Posted: 11 May,all,SAGI,"Guess I have to be a bit frank here desipite there are so many positive comments about this game. I gave it a Recommend before and but now I really feel like changing my comment. Well I was following this game and bought it the first moment right after it was released. At first I was quite satisfied, and I shall not neglect the fact that this game is really intriging at first: it has brilliant art style, fast paced and satisfying combat. However after spending around 3 hours I guess I have already explored all the core features about this game which do not make me feel like spending more time on in this current state. The rogue-lite system is mediocre as you don't really feel like you are progressing: it feels a bit grinding for you to git gud and learn from your mistakes as the difficulty can ridiculouly rise just because sometimes a relatively large amount of enemies are generated in a small room, and you are not going to make it as it is designed to be ""souls like"". Well adding dodge does not make it souls-like anyway. For me it is just a fast paced, combat based platformer. It is not a metroidvania as adverstised for it lacks the very basic core features of a metroidvania: backtracking and exploration. So I have to warn you if you are looking for one; check Vagante, Salt and Sanctuary, Cave Story and Axiom Verge instead. But I still expect further updates regarding weapon balance and so on. I can't refund now anyway."
76561198085972728,Recommended,588650,34089717,Posted: 7 August,all,Kephir Baron,"When you die, it feels like its YOUR fault, and not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that happened that you couldn't avoid.This game is addicting, I couldn't play it when i first got it because of summer school, but afterwards? I played roughly 4 hours of it today and i didn't realize it had passed.Gameplay: Amazingly fun.Weapons: ALL of them are fun to use (I recommend the spartan sandles for silly fun)Story:... Not much of a story right now, but what we have is fun, you as the player character are unable to die, whenever you do die you lose all your items and reappear at the beginning of where you started, but as you go through it you start gaining new abilities making it easier and easier for you to go through the first few levels with ease and to get through to reach the ""Speed run sections"".Progression: You feel as if you get farther and farther every time, and a lot faster, such as the speed run doors mentioned earlier, first play through i missed the door by 7 freaking minutes, after a few hours i'm missing the door by a few SECONDS, my record being 13 seconds at the moment.Support these developers. They have been giving us so much more than other Early access games, and if they continue going on like this, they will make an advid fan of me yet.My current score for this game is a: FANTASTIC FUN/10"
76561198233727012,Recommended,588650,34089675,Posted: 7 August,all,Dunklr,good game.
,Recommended,588650,31853194,Posted: 19 May,all,Miasmic,"This game is ""just one more run"" to the fullest.-Great gameplay.-Fluid combat.-Constant feeling of improvement and progression.-Beautiful graphics and environments.-Awesome soundtrack.-Fantastic game.Will be doing many, many, many more runs."
76561198063363054,Recommended,588650,31852828,Posted: 19 May,all,asiancaleb,"First off this game is ♥♥♥♥in awesome. It feels tight and responsive and the player feedback as far as the combat goes is top notch. When I slice an enemy I can feel the weight of my weapon making impact and I can see the blood and guts gushing all over the floor which feels amazing. My only quip with this game at the moment would be the lack of resolution options and a generally not amazing options menu I personally would like to see fixed if possible! Otherwise I can heartily reccomend this game as a great vania ""souls like"" rouge-lite with rouge legacy elements! Great fun!"
,Recommended,588650,32839145,Posted: 26 June,all,nemrod,"Along with PUBG, one of the most promising early access titles aroundEdit:The ""Hello Darkness My Old Friend"" update kind of made me realize, this game's quality will fluctuate as the devs discover where exactly to take the game, just as any early access titles will. It will get better, it will get worse, harder and easier, etc. At the current point in the game's life, it is a little too difficult to be really enjoyable. ""Git gud"" and all that, but for an average player, the game isn't too rewarding in its current state. Items are too expensive, stats and gold too sparse, hardly any real synergies between items. There have been complaints, so hopefully the devs balance this a little more carefully soon."
,Recommended,588650,33772329,Posted: 24 July,all,Old Uncle Skeeter,"Pretty good for an Early Access title, just waiting for the full release."
,Recommended,588650,33979689,Posted: 2 August,all,Azimere,"This game is a rogue-lite Metroidvania [s]Dead Cells[/s] Dark Souls style done right.They even update this game at a decent pace, unlike some Early Access titles I won't mention."
76561198081791544,Recommended,588650,32562480,Posted: 19 June,all,Creeke,It is fun.  What more is there to say.  The desciption of the game is what you get.
76561198004379535,Recommended,588650,32557136,Posted: 18 June,all,Nelgoth,"Fantastic side scroller. Difficult, but not overbearing, many builds to try and lots of beautiful levels. The game makes you feel like such a bad♥♥♥♥♥once you get the hang of the realativy simple controls."
,Recommended,588650,32552465,Posted: 18 June,all,RxPANDEMIC,"I don't review games on Steam, but this game has been a blast. The combat, the number of items and weapons, it's amazing. It's like Binding of Issac, but it's a rouge-like 2D side scroller with a dodge/roll mechanic as well as two main weapons and two skills. You get an amulet slot that gives a passive skill, dpending on the amulet. AND you get to upgrade every skill and weapon with dead cells (the currency used to upgrade at the end of a level).The levels are randomly generated which gives it huge replay value. It says I've spent 3 hours on this game, but I'm actually near 10 and I bought it yesterday.Do yourself a favor and grab this game!"
,Recommended,588650,32555510,Posted: 18 June,all,chaos,"I was dubious of procedural level generation in a metroidvania, but Dead Cells makes a compelling argument for it. Dead Cells captures much of the fun of exploring and upgrading from a metroidvania game.  The core combat gameplay is fun. Being a roguelike offers some interesting possibilities: you can sprint to get to time-locked doors, or play it safe and slow. There is a certain joy to dying and just leaping back in, especially as you collect upgrades that survive your death. And the nature of the game means they can have weapon combinations that are a bit overpowered; until the late game they probably won't be good enough for the later levels, and in the meanwhile you get to enjoy the occasional cakewalk as a reward.On the down side, it feels like it needs a bit more content. Maybe a few more levels to offer a few more paths. And perhaps some optional side-bosses for further permanent upgrades, similar to the time-locked doors.  But, for a game in Early Access, it's a heck of a lot of fun. $17 seems entirely fair."
76561198169631227,Recommended,588650,32554903,Posted: 18 June,all,soul prism,"Dead Cells is a difficult game that is worth the time and money to play, the gameplay is Challenging.The best part is that the game ballances the need for luck and skill PERFECTLY the pixel art is amazing.the bosses are hard unless you know what your doingthe music is great, helps with immersionhiting a enemy with a weapon feels great, the game rewards skilland even when you die it doesnt feel like bull crap, the animations are greatthe enemy attacks give you plenty of time to roll out of the way to take advantage of the attack animationoverall Dead Cells is a amazing early acces game and is worth trying out"
76561198000500088,Recommended,588650,32885530,Posted: 27 June,all,Arcanis<3.FR,very good. A must have
,Recommended,588650,31816808,Posted: 17 May,all,vishuspuss,This game makes my thighs quiver
,Recommended,588650,31806125,Posted: 17 May,all,Claymo,"It's so smooth and good and 60 fps. My expectations were high, but somehow got humiliated by this game."
,Recommended,588650,33852441,Posted: 28 July,all,Monorock,It's a good game
76561198026732731,Recommended,588650,31673261,Posted: 10 May,all,Valamyr,Great fun game! addictive as hell!
76561198203122604,Recommended,588650,31673401,Posted: 10 May,all,ChrisPFries,Fantastic. Very tight controls. The art style is great. Colors are very vibrant. I think the progression system in place feels balanced and rewarding. I plan to sink some serious time into this game.
76561198001100217,Recommended,588650,31691100,Posted: 11 May,all,[501st]GramerGrunt,Simply amazing
,Recommended,588650,34335556,Posted: 18 August,all,mydadmartin,yes
76561198313154763,Recommended,588650,34339790,Posted: 18 August,all,bearing,you can kinda cheese the watcher with the nut cracker not sure if that was intentional or not
76561198060655883,Recommended,588650,32457890,Posted: 15 June,all,Moose,This game is amazing. Great work devs!
,Recommended,588650,32459577,Posted: 15 June,all,lakmethemud,Incredibly addictive
76561198081148148,Recommended,588650,32451214,Posted: 15 June,all,twitch.tv/aspiring_musician,Gimme Coop i buy 8 copies my dudes
76561198166533467,Recommended,588650,32461732,Posted: 15 June,all,Dark White,dodged rolled to avoid attacks then landed on spikes and died. 10/10
76561197998361566,Recommended,588650,34384059,Posted: 20 August,all,AtomicSamurai,must buy!
,Recommended,588650,32237065,Posted: 7 June,all,KaMMoH,Great game but watch out for the reset after you spend 30 mins getting to a boss so save points (think bonfires) you die you lose all items most gold all cells and ust regain ALL ability/item power and health buffs. Incomplete one will test your fury.A little bit TOO MUCH of dark souls...add some hard save points and your gucci
76561198003540719,Recommended,588650,31723347,Posted: 13 May,all,Avalon,Fun rogue like game.
76561198118973862,Recommended,588650,34665357,Posted: 1 September,all,ivragi,10 unarrived boats out of 10. Would die again.
,Recommended,588650,34139278,Posted: 9 August,all,Igniama,"Hours in and I’ve only scratched the surface of a very deep and rewarding rogue-lite action-platformer. If you like Spelunky, Metroid, and Dark Souls, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,588650,32763545,Posted: 25 June,all,八子,GONA TOUCH MY SELF DOODLE DO  GONA TOUCH MY SELF DOODLE DO   GONA TOUCH MY SELF DOODLE DO
,Recommended,588650,34409018,Posted: 21 August,all,Squiddiqi,"This game initially seems hopelessly difficult and somewhat repetitive. However, as you keep whatever is unlocked with the Collector, you quickly learn how to stay alive longer and what weapons best suit how you play. The game is still in early access and things are still changing, much to the chagrin of more hardcore players, but the developer seems to care quite immensely for the status of the game and continues to make changes for the better.My only complaint is finding new recipes, as several of the weapons can get stale and finding new recipes at the point I'm at (I am stuck on the second boss) seems more difficult than qould be expected- rare drops few and far between.Definitely a game that you should pick up if you enjoy difficult platformers and rogue-likes. This gem has the polish of  Spelunky, with the out of game upgrades of Rogue Legacy."
76561198032539511,Recommended,588650,31736941,Posted: 13 May,all,Invictus,"Originality swings, leaps, shoots, teleport, and charges at you head on as you fight, climb, and dash through the lowest dungeon and sewers to the the highest skyscraping tower. This game is unbelievable even in its current state and it will make you say ""screw it, I'm going back in,"" every time you die. It definitely has the brutalish feel of Dark Souls, the unforgettable adventure of Castlevania, and just the excitement of an overall legendary work of art. This game is on its own pillar complete with shinng heavenly light along side Dark Souls. I can not wait to see the comlete finish of this game and (hopefully, pretty please) a possible sequal sometime in the future when this masterpiece is complete 10/10. Great Work"
,Recommended,588650,34446585,Posted: 23 August,all,Thatsbullschitt,"For being in early access stage, this game has  alot to offer! beautiful pixel graphics, smooth and satisfying gameplay and a ""just-one-more-run"" feel to it! Cannot WAIT for more content! I can see this game going to very very deep lengths full of DLC, added paths, dungeons, weapons, skills, (outfits??)  and side quests/challenges even. Each run you do is different than the last - offering different weapons each time, and dungeon layouts. I can really see this game expanding in so many many ways. I could probably write pages and pages of ideas.I can't wait for update 4 when they finally allow the removal of certain skills and weapons from randomly dropping. so many wasted chests and items on skills and weapons I just cannot stand.... *cough*phaser*cough*WORTH A BUY!!"
,Recommended,588650,34514768,Posted: 26 August,all,soulmas5,"Well, so far-Simply badass.Stands up adequately next to Salt and Sanctuary. I actually prefer this over just about any other souls like out there.8/10 early access expecting it to improve will change to 9/10+Still totally worth it at it's current state!"
,Recommended,588650,31798367,Posted: 16 May,all,Feared Alien Voodoo,Proof that Nintendont should have kept Metroid and Castlevania 2D.
76561198285888441,Recommended,588650,32582350,Posted: 19 June,all,Mallard,So satisfying. 11/10.
,Recommended,588650,34497713,Posted: 25 August,all,Triarius,"Excellent game, incredible mechanics with a lot of rich atmosphere to the world. It's pretty addicting."
76561198057018954,Recommended,588650,33526229,Posted: 13 July,all,Cindecent,"Verry fun, I can see myself coming back to this game for a verry long time."
76561198061150791,Recommended,588650,31784532,Posted: 16 May,all,Syringolide,"This is so good. And for early access, it's already good enough to buy. I have been waiting for a game like this for ages. Not wanting to annoy anyone by making comparisons, but when I saw the trailers on Steam it reminded me of Rygar, a video game from the 80s - probably my favourite video game of all time; well, it turns out to be different, but just as fun. I like the continual sense of progression allowed by slowly upgrading weapons by collecting souls on each run. The graphics are great. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,588650,31731185,Posted: 13 May,all,JuicySea,Saw it.Bought it.Played it.Died to Elite Zombies about 14 times.10/10 would die again
,Recommended,588650,33148451,Posted: 2 July,all,DeadlyBlonde,"This isn't helpful, but I must say it;You can open doors, that's a cool game mechanic, but there's a secret; if you attack a door, it will rain some serious door fury on things behind it. 12/10; would bust doors down most satisfyingly.You can drift down with gravity, or you can bend the laws of physics and slam down. Not only is it smashingling satisfying, but it's also pretty.Imagine Rogue Legacy (I count this as a big compliment) with excellent graphics, and the game sandbox is way big enough to keep you challenged, feeding you progress as you get better at the game. Couldn't think of a better example of the Rogue Metroidvania genre.Besides the game reminding you it's in early access, you cannot really tell it is in early access. It's seamless."
,Recommended,588650,32441839,Posted: 15 June,all,xKostyan,"Even though this is still an Early Access game, it has a very solid gameplayCombat is very engaging, fluid and simply fun. Supposedly there will be twice as many levels and items on full release than now, but even there is enough content for quite some hours of gameplay.Highly recommend playing this on a controller!Oh, and did I mention how fun the combat is?"
,Recommended,588650,31767747,Posted: 15 May,all,kidney-BØNNER,Yes pretty good game 99% bug free!
76561198044966196,Recommended,588650,33079585,Posted: 1 July,all,Rape Face69,Dead Cells is a good game i recommend its has Humor and Amazeing gameplay
76561198203919507,Recommended,588650,33899757,Posted: 30 July,all,Leprachauncoo2,Very challenging and fun. Lots of weapons and builds to choose from that all work in their own ways.
76561198047249602,Recommended,588650,31687812,Posted: 11 May,all,Vestery,Excellent Rogue like!!!
,Recommended,588650,31759066,Posted: 14 May,all,Booty Wizard,I need more!!
,Recommended,588650,31757743,Posted: 14 May,all,Bujeebus,"Very tight controls, pretty art style, and extremely fun!"
,Recommended,588650,31906992,Posted: 22 May,all,Anken,Really great animation
,Recommended,588650,32707476,Posted: 23 June,all,Tekhne,I absolutely hate this game.5 Stars!
76561198100262277,Recommended,588650,35068415,Posted: 19 September,all,r3n,It's just awesome.
,Recommended,588650,34752290,Posted: 5 September,all,+ｃｒｕｎｃｈａ,"What a badass game.  Reminds me of ""Enter the Gungeon"" where if you die, you start all the way from the beginning.  But at least you keep all your skills and the blueprints you've put your Cells into, and things you leveled up for the next time.  Each time you respawn, something is different in the world you were just in.  And after every couple of levels, there is a boss and sometimes it can be quite hard, but with the right items they're much easier to approach.  Really fun game, easy to get into, and way better with a controller.Definitely recommended"
76561198207788043,Recommended,588650,35139811,Posted: 22 September,all,Karpath,Big nice
76561198209957851,Recommended,588650,32331981,Posted: 10 June,all,8th most spookiest man,"So, you are telling me that this an early access indie game, but it still looks great, and you're telling me that it has a ton of content for being in early acces and being released 1 month ago, and, on top of all of this, you're telling me that it doesn't suck? This game, if it follows the route it's going on now, will be a modern classic when it releases. The dungeons never feel the same, the combat is simple yet very enjoyable, and it is a fantastic metroidvania game. The developers are also incredibly good with their community. They tell people to help make language mods so more people can play the game, for example. This game has a lot of potential, and I recommend you try it."
76561197993288786,Recommended,588650,31735286,Posted: 13 May,all,Invest,O M G this game is incredibly good!!!
,Recommended,588650,35165909,Posted: 23 September,all,Melipnos,"""You can explode people by simply kicking them.""Best game ever10/10"
76561198102892660,Recommended,588650,35166679,Posted: 23 September,all,concerted death effort,"Excellent, excellent game."
,Recommended,588650,32664015,Posted: 22 June,all,Divine,So ♥♥♥♥ing hard to put down!!!!
,Recommended,588650,34909209,Posted: 12 September,all,KuPPeRz^,"Offers more content in Early Access than Destiny 2 did in Open Beta lol. This game is great, ton of potential, noticed a few platform bugs such as ledges clipping, but overall it was a pleasant experience. I tend to not dump a ton of hours into a game that has early access in order to save some of it for when it is further in development, so I can only comment on very few things.Permanent upgrades were tedious at first but I soon came to realize that obtaining them were more useful than 90% of the weapons. I found myself coasting with ease after finding out a great setup was Twin Daggers x1 dmg & double ice bombs with neck reducing % of dmg. I experienced with a few different builds thanks to RNGesus, but that one in particular made it easy to get to the last boss in Early Access and slay it in less than a minute.Well worth a shot if you are into these types of games, and huge props to the guys making this game. You are on the right track to making a epic game!"
76561198044740135,Recommended,588650,32154107,Posted: 3 June,all,Lon736,"Challenging, fun, and addictive"
76561198071603899,Recommended,588650,31943817,Posted: 24 May,all,jakattack22,"This is a new standard of platformers, rougelikes, and Indie games."
76561198063544865,Recommended,588650,35265822,Posted: 28 September,all,cKyen,this is the only RUN that i do. :(
,Recommended,588650,31693546,Posted: 11 May,all,Maa De Griff,"I'm not on my good pc, which means I'm usually limited to ♥♥♥♥♥♥, pixel-style games that let me run them O.K., gameplay be damned. For a game that I assumed would fall under that category, it's surprisingly solid. Get this game right now, because when it inevitably rises to 20$ or more, you will regret not grabbing it earlier."
76561198010198617,Recommended,588650,31717816,Posted: 13 May,all,Hippiecab,In its early access state this game has good item and level variety. You're able to change up each run by choosing which weapons to use and which path to take. Every run has the possibility to be different enough so it won't be boring or repetitive. This is a huge plus from other roguelikes where you see the same areas and enemies over and over again.This game has the possibility to grow into something great!
76561198044759443,Recommended,588650,32094240,Posted: 31 May,all,Xerberus86,"really good rouge-lite / metroidvania action game, plays like a much improved version of rogue legacy. gorgeous 2D artstyle and fluent combat."
,Recommended,588650,35396355,Posted: 1 October,all,Mr. Oat,"Just play it for like 10 minutes, you'll understand why this is a positive review"
76561198052920263,Recommended,588650,33317117,Posted: 6 July,all,Malignant Noodles,"Bone-crunching combat, tons of replay value, great music, amazing animation."
,Recommended,588650,35407975,Posted: 2 October,all,Revolting Slob,"I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥at this game but it's still fun to me. I fire it up every now and then and try to get a little further than I did last time. It's in Early Access currently but has tons to do so far from what I can tell. Lots of unlockables, areas, and enemies."
,Recommended,588650,31672947,Posted: 10 May,all,PuddingGameZ,This Game is Awesome definitely recommended 1337/420 GitGud
76561198025521685,Recommended,588650,32575435,Posted: 19 June,all,Trumpet,"Extremely addictie so far, having a blast even though I suck. I can't even kill the bridge boss and I'm 3 hours in!!!!"
,Recommended,588650,33388586,Posted: 8 July,all,Longboard Cat,Paw of approval.
76561198394518643,Recommended,588650,32470621,Posted: 16 June,all,İvan,:)
,Recommended,588650,33365961,Posted: 8 July,all,Christ died for our Spins,Only around an hour in and i already hate myself.
,Recommended,588650,34750192,Posted: 4 September,all,The Amazingly Randy,10/10
,Recommended,588650,34748848,Posted: 4 September,all,Meshack,this is a great game designed with the player in mind
,Recommended,588650,31851613,Posted: 19 May,all,Dog Nuts™,GOTY material tbqhwyf
,Recommended,588650,31799732,Posted: 16 May,all,Anarchaic,"The learning curve isnt too steep.There are so many items!  While playing the game, you will unlock more items slowly as well as upgrade items you already have which gives a good sense of progression.Would definitely recommend."
76561198355661755,Recommended,588650,31800533,Posted: 17 May,all,Macs_wrx,"Die a lot, rinse and repeat . Frustrating but seriously addictive. Devs have made a great game. Just needs a few tweaks here and there. Well done 👍"
76561198024911622,Recommended,588650,31800066,Posted: 16 May,all,Sir Pancakes!,One of the few Rogue like that I love to play.
,Recommended,588650,31947154,Posted: 25 May,all,KoTy #.#,Saltiest piece of Toxic ever made. Rage 9001.
76561198041716415,Recommended,588650,31801163,Posted: 17 May,all,cancer,"All I can say is if you like roguelike mechanics, metroidvania styled levels and butt crunching gameplay, this game is for you.It also looks beautiful and the combat just feels right."
76561198064382841,Recommended,588650,31801063,Posted: 17 May,all,|WT| RZA,"Well ill have to update this as far as the longevity goes but as for the initial gameplay i just binged 7.4 hours in one sitting, if you like dark souls and salt&sanctuary id say definetly give this game a try, and at 15$ theres not much to regret in the unlikely chance you dont enjoy it."
,Recommended,588650,34545024,Posted: 27 August,all,"Volhariin, the Outback Nigga",pretty cool game
,Recommended,588650,34554399,Posted: 28 August,all,(FMG) Hazarduz,"Dead Cells is an amazing game, you should buy it now, no questions asked, just buy it."
,Not Recommended,588650,32330781,Posted: 10 June,all,Loki,"Gameplay in terms of combat mechanics is 100% solid, but you hit a wall after an hour or two and it seems the only way to progress is to keep grinding through the same content over and over until you can unlock stuff and be strong enough to continue. The procedural level generation is not different enough each time to keep it fresh through the grinding."
,Not Recommended,588650,34773861,Posted: 6 September,all,MoDv,Good game at first but due to crashing is now unplaybale
76561198121943037,Not Recommended,588650,35103502,Posted: 21 September,all,Eu sou o dom!,"TO DOWNVOTERS: I'm glad you don't have this issue but there are people having this problem and being ignored. If you think it's not helpful, please leave a comment then I can improve my review.---Won't recommend buying this game in its current state. Some users (including myself) are reporting massive stuttering and frame pacing and are being ignored in the forums. I think it's been 3 months or more I'm having this stuttering and no fix until now.Remember this is a EA review and since the idea of buying a EA game is that you can buy an unfinished but still playable game. Since this stuttering started I can't stand playing the game due to motion sickness."
76561198024033915,Not Recommended,588650,35034866,Posted: 17 September,all,Selena Gomez,"Its fun, but it needs some serious balacing. Once you realize some pretty basic strats, the game becomes pretty stupidly easy. The most glaring flaw is that health stacks exponentially, so if you just stack tons of HP you can find yourself brushing off hits that would have wrecked you had you gone any other build.Other tactics that are pretty broken include Frost blast with nearly anything, but ESPECIALLY with items that increase damage to frozen targets. With that combination literally every non-boss monster can be oneshotted with a pretty low strength number.Its a fun game for sure, and it has very cool mechanics, as well as fluid and satisfying gameplay. But in a game like this I dont want to be intentionally avoiding optimal builds so they game remains difficult after 10 hrs of gameplay."
,Recommended,588650,33267498,Posted: 5 July,all,Rievin,"Is good game, you buy it yes"
,Recommended,588650,31677438,Posted: 10 May,all,hey its me jop,god ive been waiting for another platformer
,Recommended,588650,33184499,Posted: 3 July,all,EGONETWORK™,basicallydarks souls and castlevania
76561198052749011,Recommended,588650,31668609,Posted: 10 May,all,RAGU'-Traditional Pasta Sauce,"I love this game,very fun and addicting."
,Recommended,588650,32028239,Posted: 28 May,all,VeteranG,This game is amazing in every single way
,Recommended,588650,33202368,Posted: 3 July,all,⸄✟enacious ▲lien⸅,Kawabunga yo! this game totes brings me back to old day vibes
,Recommended,588650,32841559,Posted: 26 June,all,Applebees,"10/10 was gucci, is gucci, and will be gucci.This♥♥♥♥♥♥slaps dawg - Yung Ca$h Regi$terWill swear to Y E E E Z Y that you will enjoy this game -Mr. BakuLots of fun for man who don't got HELLA BREAD - them B A N K I N G  S E R V I C E S"
76561198389155457,Recommended,588650,31799133,Posted: 16 May,all,hayden.koltin,I have payed 20 min of this game its good but the problem that I only payed 20 min is because ever thing thats not the floor and four ground is back it my be do to not meeting the requirements for th game
,Not Recommended,588650,35030706,Posted: 17 September,all,ScTiger,"This game is great in many ways, but it falls flat in the same way so many other rogue-lites do. Balance. Every time I play through the game, I just feel like I should reset because all the items I get are♥♥♥♥♥♥ When I do get a good run, it feels repetitive because I've already used the 2 good weapons in the game.Another problem I don't mind as much as it feels like it's worth it just to start again from scratch (not a new run, a new save file) and only unlock the good weapons (sword of spite and balanced blade) because when you unlock more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapons, it pollutes the item pools and you are less likely to get something you actually want.Unfortunately, I have to recommend against buying this game for now for those reasons, but if you like that kind of stuff in your games, feel free to buy it. The combat is fantastic, graphics are pretty, controls are fluid, and level design is good (for procedurally generated levels)."
76561198015753485,Recommended,588650,33163534,Posted: 2 July,all,DanPC,Its really fun.
,Recommended,588650,33040220,Posted: 30 June,all,Wiz,"One word, awesome!!!"
,Recommended,588650,33016967,Posted: 29 June,all,Crioll,"Very nice and super responsive platforming and combat.If you liked Rogue Legacy, this is for you."
76561198109508441,Recommended,588650,33158550,Posted: 2 July,all,Baljeet Tjinder xD,This game reminds me of binding of isaac but more rouge like btw its a good game
,Recommended,588650,33415735,Posted: 9 July,all,Kashish,good
76561198286382697,Recommended,588650,32925635,Posted: 28 June,all,The Mirror Man,BEST MUDERFRICKIN GAME EVAR
,Recommended,588650,33497350,Posted: 13 July,all,Stalker Mo...Kappa,THE BEST 8BIT SIDESCROLLER♥♥♥♥♥♥♥KIND OF DARKSOUL HARD MODE RPG GAME EVER!
,Recommended,588650,31928672,Posted: 23 May,all,Cryme,hella fun
,Recommended,588650,31696026,Posted: 11 May,all,DaveKap,It's good!You should buy it!
,Recommended,588650,32928685,Posted: 28 June,all,TheUnholyGodGaming,Has a Diet option with never before seen fruitarian 10/10
76561198121940127,Recommended,588650,32339288,Posted: 11 June,all,Ravestar,Dark Souls + Alladin
76561198122778618,Recommended,588650,33259708,Posted: 4 July,all,oof,Good Game
76561198142502851,Recommended,588650,33860438,Posted: 28 July,all,★DunkSenpai★,Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,588650,31698970,Posted: 12 May,all,Soul,"You died.10\10, would die again."
76561198051619149,Recommended,588650,32303113,Posted: 9 June,all,Handflatan,One of the best 2D rouge-like game I've played
,Recommended,588650,34343039,Posted: 18 August,all,super monkey™,sonicvania
76561198031609146,Recommended,588650,31690595,Posted: 11 May,all,Raknarg,Rage quit about 6 times already. Fantastic game.
76561198069597638,Recommended,588650,31852774,Posted: 19 May,all,Hooblar,"Maneuvering your way down platforms can be a pain on ur fingers when speedrunning, but all in all game is good"
,Recommended,588650,31673541,Posted: 10 May,all,Solaris-Han,Das ist gut
76561198011507771,Recommended,588650,31961338,Posted: 25 May,all,Toxic Sonata,I don't see the interest in having a game as hard as this also having permadeath and a lot of the things that kill you are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in the sense that bad luck played a larger role than your skill level. It's early access though so I recomend it as long as the devs keep working to make it a better experience.
76561198256400995,Recommended,588650,32459818,Posted: 15 June,all,Tyrone,Absolutely Beautiful.
,Recommended,588650,31873615,Posted: 20 May,all,Bruceybaby,"I don't usually play platformers - prefer other genres - but this is incredible. Takes elements from Diablo and the best platformers, and this is the end product."
,Recommended,588650,33934616,Posted: 31 July,all,Gunpowder Gertie,gud. nice mekaniks. gud customness. smooth dynamics. gud game. 8/8 m8. really apreci8. cant toler8 the h8 of dis game
76561197987303040,Recommended,588650,31893356,Posted: 21 May,all,Luis,Just buy it
,Recommended,588650,31875813,Posted: 20 May,all,TurtleCage,Fun
76561197970622302,Recommended,588650,32008107,Posted: 27 May,all,cantbreathe,♥♥♥♥ing amazing game
76561198113246411,Recommended,588650,32275166,Posted: 8 June,all,Maximum,Good gameBuy it
76561198027964469,Recommended,588650,33536850,Posted: 14 July,all,superninjew,I like it.
76561197970465924,Recommended,588650,31675054,Posted: 10 May,all,Core2029,"It seems like every throw-back styled sidescroller game I buy I hate.  I bought this game fully intending on refunding it within 20 minutes but it hooked me immediately.  I don't know if it's the stylish graphics, the addictive gameplay, the randomized areas, or what it really is but the combination works for me.Big thank you for having quality music in here! I'm so sick of ""plinky"" 8-bit music in titles like these so it was a real treat to listen to your tracks!Take my money!"
,Recommended,588650,34250313,Posted: 14 August,all,An entire bear,Its a good game
,Recommended,588650,32589168,Posted: 20 June,all,Wyvern,i LOvE tHis gAMe a biG aMOuNT
,Recommended,588650,34941932,Posted: 13 September,all,Madfireshot,It is pretty great.
76561198195581163,Recommended,588650,34927178,Posted: 13 September,all,The GosHawk,"What can i say? Jut buy the damed game! The only problem i got with it , is not having more time t play"
76561198087804308,Recommended,588650,32727110,Posted: 24 June,all,TheRacknker,"Boi, this game is good.The second i started playing i couldnt stop.Now im molten with my chair.PS.: this review is aids."
76561198120651533,Recommended,588650,33168435,Posted: 2 July,all,Not ChaoticToast,i liek this game because you get to kick a dead guy for a weapon
,Recommended,588650,31771705,Posted: 15 May,all,Agent Ash,"This game made me believe in Early Access again.It's an amazing 2D arcade. It has beautiful graphics, very tight and responsive controls (I can't stress enough how good the controls are), deep but easy to understand fighting mechanics and tons of interesting enemies. Also each level has a clearly defined theme and aesthetics.It's an amazing roguelike game. The generation of levels is simple but very effective and always interesting; plus each level has its own generation algorithm, so Ossuary will always look like Ossuary, Undead Promenade will always look like Umdead Promenade, etc., which is very clever. You unlock permanent upgrades and new weapons and items (which there seems to be a ton of for an early access title), so with each run the game becomes more interesting and fun.Plus it has a metroidvania aspect where killing bosses awards runes that open up new levels. The level system is branching, where certain key levels can be achieved by different sequences of levels.Dead Cells is fast-paced like Super Meat Boy but with Dark Souls-esque fights and Rogue Legacy-esque rebirth system. And whenever you die you just can't help but starting again and again, and the game does a great job of letting you get back into the depths."
,Recommended,588650,31812711,Posted: 17 May,all,MissDefi,This game is awesome and I do agree a controller would work awesome with this game like it says at the menu screen :)
,Recommended,588650,31763071,Posted: 14 May,all,hoohex,this game is cool as
76561198007239918,Recommended,588650,32401766,Posted: 13 June,all,Spills51,"I HATE ROGUE LIKES AND PLATFORMING.Ok now that you are aware of that I can tell you why this game has to be one of, if not the best made game I have EVER played even while it is in EA.The Mechanics...BEST I have EVER experienced. The movement is so precise, so well built I have not seen it's equal. Zero float to movement. Only game that within a minute felt like second nature to me. I think to do something and that's exactly what happens. I cannot praise it enough.Pacing is top notch. No wasted time just on the move and rampaging.Need to back track? Look over there to the portal convienently placed.The graphics are fantastic and like above I am not a fan of Pixel Graphics...but this again is the exception.The enemies are cool, fairly smart and if you are like me, an average gamer it can be a great challenge.Every run you gain progress THE CORRECT WAY. Done right, feels right, is right.So much praise I can give about the game. It's really hard to accept how well a small team nailed it.THIS WILL BE THE GAME THAT ALL OTHERS LIKE IT WILL BE JUDGED BY.LET THAT SINK IN.Even if you arent a fan of similiar games I implore you to at least try it. You have nothing to lose if you decide to refund and so much to gain.All I can end with is BRAVO. This game is one of those rare MASTERPIECES and it isn't even complete yet."
,Recommended,588650,34205022,Posted: 12 August,all,B0wneX,awesome
76561197979205584,Recommended,588650,34571440,Posted: 29 August,all,Sygmie,"play the game, it rules. seriously."
,Recommended,588650,33663916,Posted: 19 July,all,Hingy Handyman,I've never really held my breath in games.That's saying a lot for the large amount of fast paced and rouge-like games that I had played. I don't know why but everytime I either meet an enemy that either I haven't seen and has new moves or are elites I just clench my butt and hope for the best.
76561198056006338,Recommended,588650,35441601,Posted: 3 October,all,kiwifantast,"I LOVE this game! Just started to play but the intention and idea of the game is clear from start. Fast, crazy many upgrades that can be made for weapons of choice and amulets for special powers.Haven't run into any bugs yet, but one thing that BUGS ME LIKE CRAZY is that the avatar hovers in the air if you attack while in the air. 1/100 times this can be used to your advantage, the rest of the time this just brings trouble. It messes with the game pace, the flow, and makes you loose control. In situations with lots of enemies at the same time it gets you hurt or killed. PLEASE - change this. :)This game is like Hyper Light Drifter and Super Star Wars had a child."
,Recommended,588650,33185090,Posted: 3 July,all,♔ Century,Awesome game can´t stop playing
,Recommended,588650,31667879,Posted: 10 May,all,Keptor,Yesterday I was watching a streamer called Millbee who was playing this game. The game looked amazing for early access and I'm really excited to play it.
76561198043902668,Not Recommended,588650,31679799,Posted: 11 May,all,ILLOW,"too easy and too short right now__________________________fun at the beginning,then you realize the only way to get through the later levels without becoming frustrated as ♥♥♥♥ is to cheese with skillspam+range weaponalso the second (which is also currently the last) boss is WAY too easythe only time you are likely to take damage is from his spike running across the floor really fast, but after the first few you see it coming so theres basically no threat in the entire fight"
76561198095745499,Recommended,588650,32029791,Posted: 28 May,all,Lors,"This game has really addictive combat, lots of different levels, lots of different enemies, and has a Dark Souls Rogue-like feel (although with less rage when you die). Basically in this game you go through levels gaining Dead Cells to upgrade your gear, unlock more potion uses to heal you, upgrade the amount of gold you keep when you die, and unlock new gear once you find the blueprint.This game is not easy and although it recommends a controller it's pretty easy to get used to using a keyboard and mouse but you will die over and over again but when you die it never feels unfair and a player of any skill level will eventaully be able to beat the game since you can upgrade your gear and all the other things listed above. The game also suits different playstyles since you can rush through levels not killing all the enemies to get to the timed check points which reward gear if you can speed run to them in time or you can play it slower and clear out a whole level so you can get more Cells to upgrade stuff and more gold to buy stuff throughout levels. And although the game is not easy it always feels like even if you die you're progressing considering you putting Cells into upgrades.Since the most recent update as of 6/18/2017 there are a lot of new weapons and magic items in the game, and I don't know if they added in secret areas this update or if it was here before but there seem to be some secret areas like one in the spawn of the game.Overall this game is an amazingly addictive Dark Souls Rogue-like game that you'll spend hours learning the ins and outs of the game and having fun while doing it and the game seems to be getting constant updates and as long as it stays that way I would buy this game 3 times over and still feel like I got my money's worth.Buy this game now, even if you aren't into Rogue-likes like me but love action games, you'll love this."
,Recommended,588650,33098386,Posted: 1 July,all,Anason(idling),inhuman difficulty
76561198118595789,Recommended,588650,32593333,Posted: 20 June,all,Waifu_Kyanna_HuniePoP,"this is one of the greatest games i have ever payd for, it takes everything i love from 'tha binding of isaac' and 'dark souls' and kinda squish them togheter, its simply great in every simple way,But for feuture updates i want some balance changes, right now the go to power-build is electro whip for the last boss. nothing more"
,Recommended,588650,31831755,Posted: 18 May,all,mujabom,GREAAT
,Recommended,588650,31972663,Posted: 26 May,all,SlugNetwork,great game.
76561198123390186,Recommended,588650,32653676,Posted: 22 June,all,Fufu,this is a positive review
76561198067202743,Recommended,588650,31776446,Posted: 15 May,all,lucads91,"I'm a game developer and I had been planning of making a game with this exact mechanich for a bit now. then I logged on steam and saw it there.... I had to buy it of course XDSo in the end I am both sad, that someone had the same idea as me, and happy that I get to play my dream game ^^anyway the game is amazing but there sure is rom for improvement ;)I expect great things from future updates ^^"
76561198326986370,Recommended,588650,31957461,Posted: 25 May,all,Red_Eye_Stone,"You'll die. You'll rage. Expect these things.On the other hand, you'll be well rewarded for rubbing and tickling things.5/7 would tickle gooey things again."
76561198070917931,Recommended,588650,31969371,Posted: 26 May,all,:^),;))))
,Not Recommended,588650,34371346,Posted: 20 August,all,whoisvolos,"Good idea, graphics and music, great game mechanics. This thing can be a real good game if devs do something with clunky jump controls  (crawling on the platform instead of ground smash and so on). I understand that this is EA, but for now I can't recommend it, on high levels it's unplayable (many mobs on one screen when you should change floors faster in order not to get hit)."
,Recommended,588650,32660014,Posted: 22 June,all,Immortal,.
,Recommended,588650,34201892,Posted: 12 August,all,ゴゴゴゴ WEK ゴゴゴゴ,rad
,Recommended,588650,32960245,Posted: 28 June,all,Yone,please release the full game T_T
,Recommended,588650,32894276,Posted: 27 June,all,Rinner,"Stark Doles is a great game, well worth the asking price."
,Recommended,588650,33082709,Posted: 1 July,all,K0sM,I don't like Castlevania that much (sorry). And I'm not into Roguelikes. But this is grrreat.
76561198037639438,Recommended,588650,31690508,Posted: 11 May,all,Spaz,https://youtu.be/1qlAlI2eN8kReally enjoying the game.
,Not Recommended,588650,35482949,Posted: 4 October,all,Massic,"It's a good game, which has recently been made unplayable due to stuttering."
76561198066570004,Not Recommended,588650,31837968,Posted: 19 May,all,Winter Soldier #3,"""Content locked"" game still not working after update, it's a fun and chagelling game when it works. I've been looking for fix and have seen that I'm not the person having this issue. Right now I would NOT reccommend this game at least until the issue is fixed buyer beware."
76561197999960377,Not Recommended,588650,34980574,Posted: 15 September,all,StrikePrime,"Not a bad game, not my thing though.  Playing through the game only gains you ability to get more money for your next run or ugprades to weapons that you'll get randomly anyway.  Meh No thanks"
,Not Recommended,588650,33838571,Posted: 27 July,all,"Kladblok""Genius""-Sensei","While I love to give this game a positive review, as it is now, I won't, simply because of one thing: Unresponsiveness.This game is fast paced, and doing quite good at being so. Dashes and rolls to quickly evade evade enemy attacks, or to quickly reposition yourself, enemies that are challenging, proper level design.But the unresponsiveness is just killing the game for me. Here are a couple of examples.- While trying to jump down, MC often graps onto a nearby ledge, and climb it(This is something that are currently working on, but I just wanted to get this out of the way)- Cancelling auto attacks when holding a slower weapon often result into... strange actions, like instead of rolling away, MC just hits in the way you wanted to roll- Performing multiple actions in a row, like Rolling past an enemy, turning around, then attacking. Had it often enough that MC just ""skipped"" one of the commands.- Air attacks. Unless you are using a targetted ability, like the electric whip, the throwing knives or an ability, they feel really clunky, some animations are bigger then the hitbox(spears anyone?)... in general, I just avoid them in combination with a melee attack, It just locks your character in a spot you can't do anything about.And there are some other minor things I dislike.- Quite pricy for just an early access. Especially since they consider raising the price for the full release- Screen can gets cluttered with all sorts of effects at times(When you don't want to get hit... this is an issue)Responsiveness is very important in these kinds of games. Especially since this is a roguelike game, with limited healing. One hit, can really screw up your game.Don't get me wrong, this game has some good potential. But I'd say wait a little bit, until at least these Responsive issues are gone from the game."
,Not Recommended,588650,31852095,Posted: 19 May,all,BIRD UP,"Not able to reccomend right now because of the glaring issues they have with the game. I constantly get crashes in the first level, unable to actually play. Its such a bummer because I love the gameplay, I just keep getting ""infinite loop"" errors with steam. I'm unable to stream via steam link without crashing as well. Hope the game gets better... I really like the idea."
,Recommended,588650,33169554,Posted: 2 July,all,shiba,"first time in this genre and i have to say, THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥IGN SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥♥. nah jk im addicted to it. if you have a functioning brain cell then buy this game because you need to lose itonly bad thing about this game is that when you die you suck♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198194592447,Recommended,588650,31713828,Posted: 12 May,all,Beru Argonaut,XD
,Not Recommended,588650,32304221,Posted: 9 June,all,Nean,The game is great but I can't recomend it as it is now (early access bugs). I lost all my progress after playing offline. Also no achivements or trading cards popped. Quite sad because the gameplay is quite good.
,Not Recommended,588650,31966598,Posted: 25 May,all,Saiyan,"I wanted to like this game because the basic mechanics are fun, but the difficulty curve is ridiculous. The first level/floor isn't a problem for anyone who has played a Dark Souls kind of game, but after that it gets straight up unfair.Once you get past the first area or two you get treated to ""Elite"" enemies that teleport around you erraticly, deal almost your entire health pool in one hit, and spawn 5+ tiny minions at a time. With the cooldown on your dodge roll it can be nearly impossible to avoid the attacks of the Elite and all his minions, and there is absolutely no running away from it since it teleports right to you every couple of seconds.Ultimately the challenge the game provides you isn't fair, and I couldn't enjoy playing it passed the first area."
76561198083866127,Recommended,588650,33150509,Posted: 2 July,all,AndyTheWorm,This game is awesome!
,Not Recommended,588650,32003039,Posted: 27 May,all,Poison,"Some cool ideas here but so far I'm just not feeling it.My biggest complaint is that it's trying to be like Dark Souls with it's stupidly high player damage but this game is objectively not in the same ballpark. Dark Souls gets away with it's punishing difficulty because the areas are exactly the same each attempt, you can learn and improve. Being a roguelike you won't have any of that. Enemy placement changes, availability of items changes, etc.In Souls games you 'git gud' by improving your play at specific scenarios and learn boss patterns, or by strengthening your stats and gear. You start from scratch with each death in this game. There is no going back and fixing a mistake you made in a fight. You need to work your way all the way to that fight again and hope you've had any luck getting one of the handful of good weapons. Of which there are very few.There is the makings of a cool game here, but as of this current version I'm gonna wait a long while to see where it goes because it still needs a lot of work."
76561198054465697,Not Recommended,588650,31914663,Posted: 23 May,all,sigsegv,"If you like generic roguelikes, buy this game.If you were lured in by promises of ""metroidvania"" and ""souls-lite"" and ""Dead Cells"" (read: ""bootleg dark souls""), you will probably have a similar experience to mine:- Expected metroidvania/souls region discovery, Got same-y rogue-lite terrain- Expected metroidvania/souls combat depth, Got a time-intensive RPG treadmill- Expected metroidvania/souls challenge, Got 20-minute iteration times on new areas/bosses- Expected metroidvania/souls character builds, Got generic rogue-lite pickupsI guess I don't mind supporting an indie studio, and it's partly my fault for not re-reading the description enough times, but... ugh. At least call it ""Row Glegacy"" or ""Risky Raindrops"" or ""Speelunker"" so you draw in your intended audience..."
76561197975174320,Not Recommended,588650,31943894,Posted: 24 May,all,Angry Man lvl 73,"Repetition can be fun, but not in this fashion. I enjoyed the game starting out, but several hours into it, and only defeating the first boss, I realize this game has great design, but a flawed execution for the sake of furthering progress in the game.Games that do this right have a ""Skip"" mechanic, or in other words, a way of progressing pass parts that you've mastered and wish to move on from - instead we are left to the whims of an RNG-esk means of ""hope to get good stuff this round"". This is a terrible method of holding attention for the long-term. And to any already shouting, ""There is, you're just not good enough to find it."" All I can say is that I've been up and down multiple levels and have yet to find it. As such, this is in poor form from a design perspective - not Player engagement."
76561198035671813,Recommended,588650,33140852,Posted: 2 July,all,jlj19,the game is beautiful
76561198008466592,Not Recommended,588650,32352168,Posted: 11 June,all,Apostate,"I don't like green light in general. I feel the early release system is a paid beta system where you have zero guarantee of quality. This game came highly recommended, so I made an exception.First off, it's insanely RNG based. Did you get to the first boss with bear traps, 2 health upgrades, and 4 skill upgrades? Tough, start over. So you go back to the start, and all those cool weapons and items you upgraded? Can't pick them. You have to get lucky and find them, and then get lucky again and hope they have a decent prefix on them. And it's a double edged sword. Did you unlock a sword/bow/shield which is crap? Too bad, now the RNG pool is bigger and twice as garbage filled. Your first few weapon and skill unlocks are better than 98% of the ones you'll find later, but you won't know that until those crappy ones are all you find.The game has an identity crisis as well. It wants to be a fast paced action game that rewards you for just go, go, going, but it slows you down with crap. Bows fire slow. Weird super situational items drop more often than better gear. Shields are cumbersome when you can just dodge everything. The first few levels are fun and fast paced, and everything past the first boss is just a million fast eneimies who can attack at range mobbing you. Even if you're well upgraded and skilled, the game becomes a chore way before you hit any sort if super interesting content.It's not a bad game, per say, but if I had paid more than $20 bucks for it I would be kind of annoyed. Maybe it will be tweaked into a better game later, but for now it just feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of Rogue Legacy.EDITED: Spelling errors"
,Not Recommended,588650,31849573,Posted: 19 May,all,CalamitousPrime,"No way to permantely upgrade health, so your scrambling for upgrades every run against enemies you've fought 100 times. Gets VERY boring. If i keep getting one shot by enemies because the shield can be held up and I get stunned after a hit so I cant roll, then how am I supposed to play. Because jesus christ if I havr to go through the Graveyard one more time because Im dying in one hit with 6 health upgrades im getting a damn refund."
76561198001202470,Not Recommended,588650,31842226,Posted: 19 May,all,V-K  ◉_◉,"Okay I really like Castlevania and Roguelikes as well but I just really don't like this game. The graphics look good but character and monster design looks really bad, you have a bunch of glowing zombies basically and weird things that teleport around. The main character doesn't look very interesting either.A lot of the fighting animations are weird and the character sometomes moves a bit backwards while slashing or something like that, the combat is often strange, you don't get invincibility frames so if youre unlucky you get sandwiched between monsters and comboed to an instant death. The devs even put parts in the game where you have to fight 20 bats at once who can combo the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.A lot of the items are completele trash so if you unlock them you reduce your chances of finding good stuff. The elite monsters aren't fun to fight, they basically summon monsters to spam your screen and teleport to you. Then they sometimes do gigantic AoE attacks you can't escape from because the other summons are blocking the path.I dunno, I usually like challenging games but I just can't find much fun with this one. If you want a really fun roguelike try Spelunky, Risk of Rain or Enter the Gungeon."
,Not Recommended,588650,31941985,Posted: 24 May,all,󠁁  󠁁,"Bought this on recommendation, having it compared to one of my favorite games of all time: ""Symphony of the Night"".Play it, enemies have projectiles that go through floors. Play it, weapons are garbage and have the ""RNG DECLARES WHETHER OR NOT YOU SUCCEED!"" problem. Not looking up guides like a puss has me getting nowhere, and dying to things I've only encountered once (maybe twice).Like most roguelites, damage is key, and damage sucks dongs when you have to spend cells to unlock (WHAT LITTLE) content you get. Then when the game notices you're farming the area for cells? DROP RATE DECREASE.Not enough time with it to say yay or nay, but it's frustrating so it gets my no. Particularly when the only good weapon early on (Dual Blades w. gimmick modifier) is slow as♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and gets you killed. I hear tales of a Rapier. NO SUCH DROP LUCK. I hear tales of an easier difficulty in the future, too. Maybe that'll make things a touch less BS when it comes to swarms of flying ♥♥♥♥s your weapon can only hit one at a time out of 7-30. One of the better Early Access affairs, but it just burns me out when I can't reclaim my loot (ripping off souls and not ripping off that important bit? sheesh.), and it makes me yearn for the pieces of the puzzle it tries to blend (SoTN is still amazing, and far superior a game. Spelunky's all the fake difficulty without the time it takes to get ALL THE WAY FAR then die.)Review to be updated as time passes."
,Not Recommended,588650,31828551,Posted: 18 May,all,Береги бачок,"The game is playable and great for an EA game!but...The main problem (for me) is with the item drops and leveling system.The game actually punishes you for unlocking weapons and abilities.As you know, it's a rogue like game, so every time you die, you start over with the default equipment and then get better stuff as you kill mobs and via random spawns untill you die again. At first the assortment of randomly dropped things is limited to a better versions of main hand. As you progress you get special tokens which permanently increase the assortment of weapon and abilities drops. The problem is a lot of those new items are sht or they are too specific. So the more items you unlock the more likely that you gonna get only shtty stuff. You could have just farmed more mobs for drops but mobs don't respawn and you can't go to a previous map and re-run it for better items so a lot of times you just end up with stuff that is useless. You would think what's the problem, don't unlock things, but the game requires you to unlock a lot of items in order to gain health power ups without which you just not going anywhere serious."
,Recommended,588650,32310282,Posted: 9 June,all,damanfoo,is gud
76561198018335169,Not Recommended,588650,33756215,Posted: 23 July,all,augustBlack,"Its Early Access.  I get it, however:There is not a lot of content right now.The game is not balanced well.By the time I realized this was a very addicting game, I found myself at the end of the current content.  My first 2 lives lasted about 30 minutes -- my third run was about 1.5 hours and I was at the last boss.  I quickly found out all I needed was one skill to 1-shot the mobs and didn't even bother to pick up other items.  I didn't need health potions, I didn't need to upgrade all of the existing item blueprints that you find as you play through -- it's all unncessary.I was actually super excited to die, upgrade some items, and try again -- however, on just my third play through, it didn't matter because it was over...I would have highly recommended this game, but not at the current price point.  It's my fault and I probably should have waited until it is out of Early Access, but you aren't getting a lot of content right now for the price."
,Not Recommended,588650,31815466,Posted: 17 May,all,sleepy toad,"Not a bad game by any stretch of the imagination, but one that needs to be tweaked a lot  before it can really shine.The biggest issue to me is that the levels, despite being procedurally generated, don't feel all that different from run to run and don't offer interesting platforming or fighting scenarios.Exploring them over and over again every time you start a new run becomes tiring fast, and rushing through early levels is ill advised as you'll be missing equipment, stat upgrades and Cells (which are is currency obtained by killing enemies, used to unlock new items/weapons and give your character various, permanent buffs).However the combat is extremely satisfying, having to land attacks, dodge, block and use special items makes for a very dynamic battle system that can fit any playstyle given that you know what you're doing. This is definitely the part of the game that i had the most fun with.It's just that for a MetroidVania (a genre that prides itself on mixing elements of exploration and combat), i find the exploration part very tedious and uninteresting."
,Recommended,588650,33158442,Posted: 2 July,all,Rigby,Great game.
31895819314620704,Not Recommended,588650,33001281,Posted: 29 June,all,Ludwig,"The first 8 hours were a blast!The combat is fun and feels intuitive. Unlocking new weapons and items, learning about the game mechanics and finding your weapon of choice are all great fun.Unfortunately after those initial hours, I found one random property/enchantment to be way more powerfull(especially with one specific weapon) than all others. As a result, most items and weapons feel pretty much obselete and I find myself only looking for these certain items and skipping everything else; if I don't get lucky and get said items in addition to some power ups (increasing damage, health or item cooldown+damage), it's pretty much a wasted run and I start over.Maybe its just me, but as for now I can't recommend the game in its current state. However, I am looking forward to the full release and hope to change my opinion then.Edit: Just some formatting"
,Recommended,588650,33151598,Posted: 2 July,all,Leo Sinzu,fun
,Recommended,588650,31790287,Posted: 16 May,all,Boolin,"Hey all you people,Hey all you people,Hey all you people, won't you listen to me?I just had a metroidvaniaNo ordinary metroidvaniaA metroidvania filled with Roguelike...Hey, man! You've got to try this metroidvania!It's no ordinary metroidvania!It's the lastest metroidvania on steam...Skee ba-da bob-a doob-a dob-a dab-a dee dow,Yeah!Thank you!"
,Not Recommended,588650,33114829,Posted: 1 July,all,Hizi~,"Review written 02july2017. Does contain minor spoilers which I will try not to point out.Firstly, I want to point out that the game is good, like really good. Unfortunately, it's the perfect example of a game destroyed by the early access feature.Will I recommend this game once it's gone from Early Access?DEFINITIVELY.I've been playing the game quite regularily because it's a lot of fun, and I keep dying, which is pushing me onward to git gud. The main issue is that I got to the point where I don't die as much, and beat the Watcher as well as the new map, and hit the question of ""now what?""The worst thing that the game has done to me, is the way I've been treated after beating the last boss (the watcher). It kinda killed my motivation to play the game as much as I used to, mostly because the only thing that the game gives is just farming and looping the procedural generation to find the last blueprints I am missing.If the game was at full release, I am absolutely sure that many players like me wouldn't have been killed off once reaching the end, mostly because it wouldn't end there. Even having a map with nearly impossible mobs would've done a better job, because it still gives a reason to play.Getting that motivation to come back is gonna be a lot of work..Hopefully I'll remember the game when it'll be readyPS: the new map was ridiculously stressful, and gosh why so many doors..........."
,Not Recommended,588650,33555903,Posted: 15 July,all,夜烏,"I've played the game for one hour and although there were a ton of awesome weapons, beautiful art and that feeling of just one more game, I must say I feel this game needs a lot more content and things to do before actually being a worthwhile game. Especially with the pricy price tag, I don't feel it's worth it at all, sadly :(Tons of things to unlock but I really don't feel I've progressed a lot even though I've been to 3 areas, excluding the starting area and experienced a fair amount in the sea of weapons the game has to offer. I would wait for a sale to buy this game since it's a pretty good time-waster but lacking as an actual game.pros:- beautiful artstyle- fluid animations- tons of weapons and builds- smooth gameplay- decently hard- vibrant color palletecons:- not enough content as a roguelike (compare it to the bindings of isaac in terms of content)- effects are sometimes too flashy and makes you lose track of where you are- mobs has really random staggered state, meaning sometimes they stagger but other times just poise through your attacks- mobs are uninspired- map designs are rng but needs to be a lot more detailed for players to feel interested in the area they are in- just my personal opinion but if you can customise your guy with armor it'll definitely be more personal and adds a ton of variety to syngergies between builds- just lacks content in general, not enough for me personally to be interested in anywaytd;lr: wait for a sale and buy it but otherwise, not really worth it."
76561198000192284,Not Recommended,588650,33787041,Posted: 25 July,all,Ghibli,"As far as gameplay goes, great game.  Combat and movement mechanics feel smooth and polished.  However it is still rather limited in terms of the world size as there are a limited amount of areas to explore which sort of dampens the overall experience as you can more or less do a full run in under an hour at which point you basically have to start over which for me kinda got boring the moment I completed the ""last"" boss.  Also despite the item variety, it feels like a few select weapons/accessories are vastly more useful than the other options available which kinda takes the fun out for me.  Nevertheless, still great for an early access game but I would still rather wait for the full thing to come out before purchasing."
76561198055507132,Not Recommended,588650,33464947,Posted: 11 July,all,goloyism,"At first this was a pretty good game I thought. Fun, interesting, lost of weapons.But the further I get the worse it gets.The areas get unfairly difficult. Instead of adding interesting challenging difficulty all they do is add more and more enemies that can all potentially one shot you regardless of how much health you have.The upgrade system is bad and grating.-you upgrade weapons with souls from enemies-souls don't drop from every enemy so you're not gonna get much each area-after initial upgrade equipment needs a lot of souls to upgrade for only a 5% damage increase-you lose ALL souls if you die-theres no garuentee you'll get the weapon you upgradeHealing takes a second to actually activate, plus it is a (all-be-it fast) regen. So in a boss fight or a pinch its nearly impossible to use it effectivly."
76561198048855988,Not Recommended,588650,33316222,Posted: 6 July,all,Vick_Viper,"As it stands now the game has tons of potential but as a roguelike i feel that it doesnt work like they want it to work. the big boss battles are fun and you can feel them out, learning each phase and learning how best to beat him like a boss should be but when it comes to the ""elite"" fights where they are basically souped up versions of standard monsters is where the game falls apart.you can be having a great run with good stats and weaponry but nothing will stop you from getting completely annihilated by the elite mobs (which is especially bad as some of them are mandatory to the progression). they are doable untill you damage them a little bit then they gain insane speed and damage, to the point where one or two hits will kill you. that would be okay if you were able to heal but a mix of the heal not being nearly fast enough and the enemies being too fast means that that is impossible.another issue with the game is in its roguelikeness, the game (of course) punishes you for dying by taking you right back to the start, however most roguelikes make you want to progress, they make you want to get further and further to find out whats next and to find those harder challenges. this game doesnt have that effect, every restart chips away at that motivation a little more and more every time untill i had to just close it and try again the next day. i found myself not caring what comes next because it took too much effort to get to that point that i died the last time.If i could suggest anything it would be tweak the elite encounters to not all have that warping ability and super speed after a certain health, they dont need it to keep the game difficult, having that feature on them is essentially difficulty for difficulties sake and not anything to do with learning patterns or ""getting gud"" so to speak. for me it feels like a straight gear check and 9/10 times my gear isnt good enough as i dont feel motivated to explore every nook and cranny of the levels each time i die, it takes too much time and too much effort when im just going to start back at the beginning when i enevitably die.The combat does feel very fluid though and the animations are great. the levels are well constructed and biomes are well done and really fit the themes they are going for but all in all i feel like the game fails at the thing that it is marketed as which is being a roguelike."
76561198053242058,Not Recommended,588650,31873659,Posted: 20 May,all,DrZigZagMD,"Do you like playing the same level over and over? Do you like finding awesome combos and then being 1-hit killed for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reason? You will master the 1st level, but I can't honestly tell you what's beyond the 1st boss.Ride the Dark Soul Train."
,Not Recommended,588650,31812872,Posted: 17 May,all,Draconis Nox,"Its only gotten worse. Between shields and the spike back mobs that roll around like sonic the hedgehog, increased enemy attack speeds, and more mob hit points, teh game has gone form potential, to a fustrating waste of time. Its just not good any more and I really dont think its going in a direction that will ever be good. The game has gotten too difficult and boring because of that. There is simply no progress and all of the items take a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amount of cells to upgrade. Not fun, not at all, especially if you want to try something new. Due to RNG making the game already a painful experience in every way, you have to force yourself to get over 300+ cells PER ITEM to max it and make it even slightly usable in your game. If you find a new weapon and cant max it out right away, OH WELL DEAL WITH THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥LEVEL 1 ITEM/WEAPON IN GAME BEING DROPPED AT THE LAST AREA IN PLACE OF SOMETHING YOU FULLY UPGRADED.This game, sitll a huge no from me.--- Past Review Below ---Some of the newer weapons have an accurate speed to them, but are pretty much shelved due to their requierments of needing to be right next to an opponent (as in touching). There are nice elemental weapons now as well, but nothing that really makes me go -ooooooooohhhh!- just yet. Its picking up though.Unfortunatly when I came to the bridge boss, I was dissapointed to see the health and defense of it was raised to a level that makes it a long, drawn out, tedious fight that is un-needed in my oppinion. All skills and damage were at 4, including health. I died due to my fingers cramping. No♥♥♥♥♥♥..Had a horrizontal turret IV and a grinder IV both fully upgraded that constnatly did damage and bleed...Im not even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you, it took that long and it was still only half way dead before I ran out of FOUR POTION USES lol!Maybe one day they will get it right.--- Old Review BelowEver since this elemental update the game is pretty much garbage. You kill everything way too fast and there are new bugs that just make everything dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like, not being able to shoot your infinite bow...tumbling stopping dead on enemies instead of evading through them...burning yourself with fire you are normally immune to...ect.--- Old Review BelowAs you can see by my library I play Rogue games by the ton. This one just does too much damage for no reasonable excuse.   I am pretty sure its over rated quite a bit. I took three hits and died...and its VERY easy to get hit even when you dodge roll or use a shield. There is a timer on your shield which confuses me. I understand parry but there should at least be a damage soak with shield. And roll seems like it only goes far when you dont need it to, otherwise I have consistantly had two foot tumbles that stopped me just shy of an opponent.Its early access. Cant really rate it bad, but its not very solid yet. You only start with 'key' like abilities you aquire by killing elite boss type things here and there, which doesnt do anything important aside from allow you to explore a little more throughly.I was happy the first time I found a collector, assuming to myself that when he said my upgrades would last forever that he implied if I picked up a sword or something I woudl have it when I died. No such luck. You start over with nothing, again...its one of 'those' rogue hack games where you dont really earn anything to keep. Just key.Its a bit of a metroid-castlevania game with a delay on your sword/dagger attacks, where as other rogue games I play attack instantly...making the enemies much harder than they need to be when you need ot juggle buttons like a fiend. If you dont like having to push every button on your controller, this isnt really a good game to play, since youll NEED to use all of them to survive.My rec: Wait till its out. Maybe and hopefully they will change the system to be a bit more responsible to the kind of game it is. This review will change on release."
,Not Recommended,588650,33027140,Posted: 30 June,all,Rakki,"Unfortunatly, I feel this is the first game I have to review, not because I like it, but because I want so badly to like it, but can't seem to find anything to keep me insterested past the first few hours. I understand that this game is in Early Access, but considering I payed 15 dollars for this, I'm going to treat it as a full release.Early Access is only a excuse for developers to rip off paying customers with a half finished product anyways.The proceduraly generated levels aren't nearly as random as was sold to me, after only 5 or 6 play throughs I am already seeing the same repeating patterns room after room, filled with the same 3 enemys time after time. Also I always know what the next floor is going to be, no surprises there. Why doesn't it randomly select the next level? for instance, an easy example would be to make the old and toxic sewers randomly spawn, so you never know for sure which one you'll go to next on one particular run. Even the elite enemies are a bore, they are one of three of the same enemies that spawn on that current floor only with faster attacks and more health. No special random abilities or anything creative is used here.If I wanted 2d Dark Souls, I'd play Salt and Sanctuary. If I want randomized craziness in a 2d Souls-like game, I should be playing this, but instead I see the same things over and over and over and over again. More randomization of everything is needed here, with levels, progress route, enemies weapons and items.Speaking of, the items are the same stuff over and over again. Only 5 or 6 modifiers are used for every weapon, with at most 2 modifiers per weapon. And, lets talk about unlocking weapons and spending cells: normally for something like this upgrading and unlocking feels good. This game, not so much. If you unlock something you later realize sucks or doesn't fit your playstyle (shields for instance, are so bad it's laughable, and I spent most of my cells on shields before I realized this), that choice is going to water down all the random drops you have later. The problem is, if you DON'T unlock said items, then you will never have to worry about this problem, because none of those♥♥♥♥♥♥shields will drop for you. It should be fun to unlock new items and add to your pool of possible item drops, not punishing.Part of the fun of rogue-likes and randomly generated items is getting some crazy, wacky set up that you manage to claw your way to victory with, but in this, if you get bad item drops, you are all but guarenteed not to be able to finish your run because of the terrible item balance.I'd like to give this a better review, but until it has more variety between levels, more weapons, better balance between those weapons and items,  more variety with both drops and elites enemies, more than two elemental combos (fire+oil and (water+lightning), and more than one or two paths through the game, I won't. I'm tired of seeing the same enemies, levels and items over and over again when I've only clocked in 8 hours.More early game variety plz."
76561198045025551,Recommended,588650,31670393,Posted: 10 May,all,BloodiusGr,"I am a simple man,i see rogue-lite i buy it. xD"
,Recommended,588650,33153595,Posted: 2 July,all,christmas time,Good
76561198159193521,Not Recommended,588650,33328969,Posted: 6 July,all,waitingdeath,"When i first saw this game I saw exclusively positive reviews and couldnt find any solid critisism for the game so I bought it. Now after 10+ hours in this game I can thoroughly say I wouldnt recomend this game until it is changed in the future. At first glance this is a metroidvania rogue like with dark souls ish dodging and difficulty, but after getting past the relitively fair and challanging early levels it was clear it didnt live up to any of these well.The game has virtually no story and what characters are in the game mostly are so vague they seem like sentient fortune cookies, and the others are generally terrible people. The main character is amusing so thats a plus since i got a few chuckles out of him. The soundtrack in this game is great but the intro level song gets grating and annoying after listening to it a few dozen times.... which leads me to the next pointWhat makes this game very far from the dark souls comparison is that every single time you die you start at the begining. There are games that do this well and allow you shortcuts to later areas, but with one exception that i can think of the game takes just as long to get to new areas no matter how many runes you get. This could be fine if it were similar to a game like rogue legacy or something of the sort where you can upgrade your character and get new abilities and such but thats the issue here. In This game almost all the upgrades you get are just upgrades to items you have a chance at finding. None of your gear or stats are permanent after dead other than your upgrade to your heal flask. The only gauranteed way of getting a type of item is by unlocking it the first time with cells.... which leads me to my next point...Your upgrades with cells at many points feel absolutely meaningless. you can randomize your starting equipment options so you don't start with the literal worst items, but other than that and your health flask you get three kinds of upgrades, 5% damage boots to a weapon or active item of your choice that costs far more with every rank of 5% more damage, unlocking new weapons or active items, or upgrading how much of your gold percentage you keep after death. The 5% damage boots feel so worthless that it pains me to ever put cells into them, but i know that it has to help a little so i do it anyway. Instead of making these straight upgrades that are incredibly small why not make them specific for each weapon or make them branching options in your upgrades? You could for example make the twin daggers have more attack speed or maybe make them do more damage on the final hit of the combo with the upgrade instead of these minor boosts that you can barely feel. Since there is no way to even gaurantee that you will even get an item type you want these upgrades feel even more meaningless over time. The active items are arguably worse offenders of this since you arnt gaurenteed to find any at all. Actives end up in my experience being far stronger than any weapon due to their powerful range and damage most of the time, not including the garbage bear trap, but they become even stronger than weapons due to the skills stat also lowering their cooldown... which leads me to the next point...The stats in this game are gained at random. You gain these stats as scrolls that you find in glass tubes around the world with absolutely no way to decide which one you will get so your character will end up lopsided towards one stat every time. The one exception being the choose your stat scrolls that you can only get out of the incredibly overpriced shops and cursed chests that could you to die in one hit until you kill ten things. The biggest issue with the stat system that I have though is that stats are in no way permanent. This sounds fine in theory until you stop to think about others games that are similar to this one. There is a common trend in those games of you know... LEVELING UP or gaining any kind of stats that last past death. The lack of being able to choose your stats and the lack of being able to even keep the random ones you find makes every playthrough begin with the tedious task of searching the samey looking halls for stats so you can hopefully survive the bs that comes later.... leading me to..This game at first glance seems to be far more about skill than your stats much like many difficult games. After you pass the first big boss it becomes evident very quickly that stats matter far more than skill. For the most part the enemies scale up in two ways as you get further into the game, they find cheaper ways of hurting you, and their numbers get bigger. the enemies mostly hurt you through crap you didnt see coming or they hurt you by having so many enemies you cant possibly dodge them all. There are many many attacks that you can not dodge with your dodgeroll and for the most part you cant know which ones you can and cant dodge until they kill you at least once making this game far more trial and error than it needs to be. One example are the cannon carrying pirates past the first boss. They hold the cannon upright like a shield or something at first so you assume they might be melee since they arnt holding it like a cannon. once you try to fight them in melee range you see that they swing it and figure that these big bulky guys are melee based. if you try to go at ranged however they then fire the cannon at you out of nowhere so you might try to dodge the projectile, but you see they also explode whenever they are near you somehow.... so they will take you by surprise in hitting you with an explosion that most logical people couldnt see coming at all. This is just one example of the kind of unfair enemy design that just gets frustrating to deal with whenever you enter a new area.All in all while i am very critical the game isn't bad it is just that this game is flawed due to some conflicts with design choices that take away from one of the most promising games of 2017. Once this game is out of early access Give it a look but until then i wouldnt recommend this game."
76561198041086617,Not Recommended,588650,35237786,Posted: 27 September,all,Hurrikitten Catrina,"The game is way too short at the moment and relatively easy. Melee weapons are mostly pointless. A lot of the weapons are too weak to ever consider using. Unlocking content is relatively boring as most of them are pure damage %. The game is still fun for several hours, but I don't think it's worth the price at this time. Once you have some decent upgrades the game is less than 40 minutes max. Also, it seems like you don't ever go through each zone, but instead do 2 zones and then a boss. They either need a lot more content or a lower price in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,588650,33704726,Posted: 21 July,all,Smallsplat,"I had way too many problems with this game to really enjoy it, i'll summerise everything below (without spoiling anything) on what I did and didnt enjoy about the game.Gametine: 75 MinsHighest level: 3________________Levels and level designFirst off, the randomly produced maps are incredible, from a technical standpoint the complexity of the genaration system is  amazing! Espeshally with some of the featurs in play.It's a shame they are WAY TO LONG. I was playing through the second level (killing and collecting everything I could find) and ended up thinking ""Ok, this level has gone on for a while, lets just rush to the exit as im getting bored of the same scenery and enemys. To my surpise I had only cleared about half the level, ~IF THAT~ after beining to feel bored of the enemys and deisgn (and wanting to bank the loot I got becuase of the damage I was taking from all the fights). The levels need to be shorter for me to enjoy this game as much.Also, Expect to see the same enemys if diffrent levels, just diffrent types.________________The EnemiesFantastic and clear mechanics exept for the Defender. All the monsters I fased had clear animations and warning to show what attack they were going to do and gave you the opertinity to advoid them. Really well madeThe defender monster highly irritated me (In short its a monster that makes other monsters nearby immune to damage  as far as I could tell)The combat seems to like having small groups of managable enemys, but the defender feels like I have to rush in, aggroing everything to even have a chance in a fight, which is chaos and unmanageable for somone without goiod weaponly or knowlage of the game, and these are found commonly in the second level.________________The CombatIts pretty fun I guess, the bow seems next to pointless due to most enemys your fighting are on the same floor as you so stabbing them does more damage as doesnt require long animations, and the sheild was the most boring and hard to use item from the start, after i used it once I never touched it again.The range of weapons at the start is so low that it feels really boring, and even when I unlocked blueprints by finnaly reaching the end of the level I just unlocked upgrades for weapons, such as adding a bleed effect or freeze effect, nothing I obtained ever interested me much.________________UpgradesAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH............Right, so enemys have a chance to drop a soul orb thing, and you can use these to upgrade your weapons. Makes sence.But you can only upgrade your weapons at the end of a level, makes sence.The UI is so confusing over what im upgrading/unlocking/whatever I think I was doing that it was just overwelming!and the levels are SO LONG that banking the sould you've obtained isnt possible!And you dont upgrade ""Swords"":You need to upgrade swords with the bleed effect,OR the one with the freeze effect?OR the one without any effects...?Why arnt these all the same option?Also how come I can't remove soul points from one thing into another?I have a feeling the 50 or so weapons and skills are actually about 20, just with diffrent buffs on them...________________DeathHoley♥♥♥♥♥♥death is the worst in this game.You get to see all the loot you lsot becuase you couldn't bank any of it drop to the floor and you cant get it back in any way, death isnt fun, it isnt a chance to start a new run, its a dumb punishment that taunts you for ♥♥♥♥ing up even tho its your first few runs or its your 5th run and your 20 mins into level two and you've died becuase THE LEVEL IS SO LONG.""Oh but Smallsplat, of course death is ment to be a punishment""obviously, but other rougelikes dont splatter all the goods you've collected out of your body when you die on the floor to taunt you about all the loot you couldn't store, and then give you no way to collect them. Its like a big middle finger to the player.________________Abiltys/passivesBleed is uselessFreeze is uselessPosion is pretty uselessEnemys arn't strong enough to make tick effects worth it, by the time you've stacked enough tick effects to be good their already dead.________________How would I improve the game?First of all, SHORTER LEVELS... PLEASE.... Or at least some way mid-way to bank my current loot.Make diffrent varations of the same weapon upgradeable in the same catagoryActually explain stuff to the player instead of just expecting them to understand.Don't punish new players becuase they can't get to the end of your levels, souls should be kept on death so that players can feel like their actually achieving something.________________TL:DRLevels are too long (But well made)Enemys are really good execpt one or two that ruin the flow of the gameWeapon varation early on are limiting and boringThe upgrade system is obnoxious and horribleDeath is a massive ""♥♥♥♥ off"" to the player"
76561197993744294,Not Recommended,588650,31756309,Posted: 14 May,all,Nokarma,The controls on this game are dead on.  The art is fantastic.  The game itself is meh.  It is another rogue clone.  I really wish the creator had gone a different way with it.  The rogue elements just seem lacking and arent very fun.  Needed more Metrovania less rogue.
,Not Recommended,588650,33254387,Posted: 4 July,all,...,"Unless you're into this genre where the game relies heavly on RNG to determine how your run goes, you'll be spending a lot of time grinding. I enjoyed the time I did play, however I refunded it once I realized the grind and that I should stop playing and get my money back while I still can. Game is definitely made for a specific audience."
76561198018768779,Not Recommended,588650,33687951,Posted: 20 July,all,Best Ever DOTA Chump,"Well polished for Early Access, but it shoves so much ""not yet added"" content in your face. I should have waited for the full release, and so should you.Disclosure: I am not a fan of the entire concept of Early Access, but the hype for this game suckered me in."
,Not Recommended,588650,31997503,Posted: 27 May,all,Versius,I like the idea of this game but I can't support it right now.  In order to get to the areas you have yet to get to you have to grind and grind and replay older levels collecting every power up you find to give you a buffer for when you get hit in the later levels.
,Not Recommended,588650,33290048,Posted: 5 July,all,scared,Incredible game but dont have DirectX Support
76561197980370342,Not Recommended,588650,33055081,Posted: 30 June,all,Mangoo,"We want ""Farming"" not ""buying""I'm really disappointed this kind of imbalancedwhen I bought this game.it was a prrety good gameif i wanted to go higher level I could exproler more maps and get good itemsbut nowadays their playing style is much changedI feel like it's asking ""do want higher level? spend more gold to get good items"""
76561198068822770,Not Recommended,588650,33774474,Posted: 24 July,all,The Soda Lord,"okay, so this is a very biased review, because i cannot play the game. what i played with seizure inducing graphics however, was extremely fun despite my headache and lack of vision. im giving a negative review because the graphics seem to not work properly and i'd like to talk to other players or maybe a dev or something to see if im not the only one. the entire screen looks like primarily one color and from gameplay i've seen, about everything looks missing or extremely hard to see. if you know about/experienced this please message me as i'd love to play this game how it was meant.edit: its not just teleporting, my entire games graphics are completely screwed."
76561198050336188,Not Recommended,588650,32381118,Posted: 12 June,all,warhammer,"Is repetition the only grand punishment of this game?I really want to enjoy this game, because the presentation looks so great, and the item variety is realy rich. But there are some essential design flaws stops me from playing.It looks like each normal mob only drops one cell. This is a weird xp system, because killing harder mobs in later stages doesn't reward you with more cells...I can get at least 10 cells in the first dungeon. So farming many times in the first 2 levels seems like a much better deal than exploring forward. Also I tried to level up weapons to 100 cells, still doesn't make enough damage at dungeon 4. Takes at least 5 seconds to kill an executioner( axe throwing fat guy). So the stats design is really questionable.Also can devs explain why players are not able to recover lost cells? This again made the game farm-able and repetitive. Since I'm not able to recover dropped cells, I could just farm the same area and go suicide and reborn and start farming, right? This lower the risk allot, but made the game boring. If the cells are recoverable like the Dark Souls series, I will be motivated to go forward to new area and recover my lost cells, because I'm rewarded to do so. But in your game the punishment is so much greater than reward, I'm not feeling motivated to explore new areas.Plus there's no safe point that allows me to fast travel.I understand this is a key game mechanic, and It's not that I don't appreciate the challenge, but you don't offer enough rewards to respect my inputs. I've only unlocked the 4th area yet, I can't imagine replay the entire game at a much later stage just because one death. In other games per-ma death is an option, it's frustrating to put up with it too many time when you are forced to play old levels again and again.So I'm encouraged to repeat farming in the same area, and force to repeat the same levels, after death. So Is repetition the only grand punishment of this game? Is this the intended design?"
,Recommended,588650,33155651,Posted: 2 July,all,vlado23,nice
,Recommended,588650,33158284,Posted: 2 July,all,Left Testicle,its real gud
76561198392383160,Not Recommended,588650,32265520,Posted: 8 June,all,Salute丶Zed,卡 ！优化呢！？走路一顿一顿，玩JB?优化组在吃屎吗？还是没发工资！！！！！！！！
,Not Recommended,588650,33185101,Posted: 3 July,all,sugary,"^ Nice little banner right there for damage control, btw.Well-polished for a game in early access, but has some major flaws that run so deep in the game that they are definitely things that won't change once the game comes out of early access, such as the entire permanent unlock system.Wait for it to come out of Early Access, try it, refund it if you don't like it within the first 2 hours, because if you don't like it by then you won't ever like it."
,Not Recommended,588650,32261513,Posted: 7 June,all,Ezekial  🐸,"Game doesn't even work. Just get a CMD thing pop up, then a white screen, and it crashes right away. I have posted in the boards multiple times about it, and have seen others post about it. No response from devs on any of these posts.Edit:My Specs.Operating System:	Windows 10 Home 64-bitCPU:	AMD K17 (Ryzen 5 1600X)RAM:	16.0GBMotherboard:	ASUS PRIME B350-PLUSGraphics	8192MB ATI Radeon RX 580 Series (XFX Pine Group)"
76561198135488852,Not Recommended,588650,32112444,Posted: 1 June,all,Dumb Idiot,"GREAT game but needs work.Early Access, what can i say.Wait for more content and balance patches.Keep on wishlist for now."
,Not Recommended,588650,31939691,Posted: 24 May,all,"Kal, Grumpy Convict","I cannot possibly recommend this game in its current state. I will update this review if changes are made to the game to resolve these issues but as it stands the game is very nearly unplayable past the first couple of levels.- Damage, health and attack speed curves for the game's enemies are extremely poorly configured, throwing HP-sponge enemies that can oneshot you in very early levels of the game.- There seems to be absolutely no damage grace period whatsoever, which is an utterly vital component in platforming games. As an added consequence of this, there is no stunlock protection, meaning that environmental hazards clearly not intended to be lethal (such as the swinging ball chains, which do 10-20 damage per hit) will almost always kill you anyway if you have the misfortune to be caught by one of them.- Swarming enemies are a feature in later levels of this game, which as a result of the lack of stunlock prevention or damage grace period are almost impossible to deal with if you don't have a suitable weapon.- Boss enemies in general tend to have far too much health relative to the DPS of a player at the point in the game where they tend to be faced, leading to extremely long slogfests in a game that markets itself on fast-paced, twitch combat.Do not buy this game in its current state. Wait until these problems are fixed - and if they are not, do not buy this game at all."
,Not Recommended,588650,32009450,Posted: 27 May,all,inaneHELLRAISER,Has potential to be good. Cool atmosphere and art direction can't save it from poor enemy design however.
76561197997396000,Not Recommended,588650,33510484,Posted: 13 July,all,Petea Copine,"This game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and the developers responded on their forums refusing to add graphics options, saying ""it won't improve performance"""
,Not Recommended,588650,31834618,Posted: 18 May,all,Etup,PRETTY MEH
,Not Recommended,588650,31796207,Posted: 16 May,all,﴾Inglorious﴿,"Did two game sessions, save got lost twice."
,Not Recommended,588650,33712219,Posted: 21 July,all,Ragna,"Game is amazing,combat is fast paced,sprites are beautiful.i was having a great time BUT,Bosses respawning????Uninstall,good byeIf you manage to finish this game,congratulations,you have no life."
76561197982987444,Not Recommended,588650,33152973,Posted: 2 July,all,dan.croft,"The rewards system isn't good enough. You dont feel like your charachters stats are getting boosted by your upgrades, instead grinding against the same four levels until you give up out of bordem and frustration.The game should atleast give the option at the start of each run to PICK AN UNLOCKED WEAPON.Randomise the level order. Im so sick of that f**king dungeon.Drop the entire Rogue-Like gameplay elements. It makes the game frustating when you lose all your unlocks and have to start again. It feels like the developers put it in so they didn't have to code more levels.The graphics,sound,animation are top notch. Such a shame the core gameplay loop is so unfulfilling."
76561198042012547,Not Recommended,588650,33987446,Posted: 3 August,all,KaleMagnus,"A somewhat ok game. A good part of the game's elements are put together really well: the controlls are precise and respond very well, the visual presentation is super pleasant especially for a pixel art side scroller, sound design and soundtrack are well tuned and support the overall unique atmosphere in the best possible way...And yet it feels so unrewarding to play. I've criticized this in other games as well, simply relying on RNG as a core mechanic takes practically all the sense of progress and accomplishment away from the player. The whole lot of equipment, skills and even stats are handed to you randomly in one run and can merely be influenced by some permanent perks.You found a weapon that works really well for you? Better accept it won't be accessible for the next five runs, because chance.Your randomized drops formed a powerful build that you like using? It's never going to come back in the next 200 runs, because chance.You unlocked a weapon/skill that turned out to be garbage? Better put up with it dropping all the time now instead of actually useful stuff, because chance.You are all geared up and finally beat that boss that tore you apart in the last 20 runs? Guess what, it wasn't you, it was RNGesus handing you a coincidentally useful combination of drops.I found myself committing suicide at the end of the first dungeon just to get a better starting gear on the next run. That does make the game somewhat addictive, but not in a healthy way: I don't want to merely rely on chance as a player, I want my sense of accomplishment to come from effort and skill . By skill I don't only mean being good at quickly pressing buttons but also being good at preparing well for the presented challenge. That is something completely left out in this game and it's also what makes it so unrewarding for me. Even despite the respectable amount of skilled effort that is being put into this project."
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,588650,31694600,Posted: 11 May,all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Public Service AnnouncementGame: Dead CellsUpdate Version: Initial Early Access ReleaseDisclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer.Game Footage:https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k-kMsZhbOqwMixing the permadeath of rogue-lites with the fast-paced brutal combat of Metroidvania, Dead Cells provides a fun, semi-challenging experience that is ultimately held back by some annoying technical issues.Starting from the moment you open the game's store page, it is clear the game is sporting a fabulous art style with beautifully rendered backgrounds. Character detail is above par with a satisfying array of particle effects adding to the weight of weapon blows and skill activations. Combat hits most of the right notes with a mostly fluid set of attack animations and excellent attack feedback. Music is great, the sound work is spot on and text is accurate aside from some spelling errors. Aesthetically the game performs the needed tasks and surprises the player in certain categories, especially the visual aspects. Story wise, however, the game is left with very vague implications of a shifting island and a group of headless prisoners that cannot die. Thankfully, the combat makes up for the limited plotIt is clear the game has taken some inspirations from Dark Souls in the way of telegraphed attacks and reaction focused combat in both the boss fights and the standard enemy encounters. It is up to the player to learn how to identify the attack patterns to make vanquishing foes easier while searching for equipment that not only have upgraded stats if dropped in later levels, but might have unique attributes such as penetrating enemies or releasing bombs on use. It is a standard method of difficulty management, but it is crucial given how the game decides to introduce longer levels and more clusters of foes following the second map. I can understand the incorporation of more enemies in groups, but making the later levels longer has the clear markings of a gameplay lengthening technique that will lead many to a farming phase of progression. Fatigue sets in as the damage ramps up and while flask refills are present at the start of every new map, the length makes finding the exits a lot harder. This is by no means a negative; it makes it evident the difficulty remains more on the side of attrition than with the elite monsters sporting new move sets from their normal counterparts.Similar to most rogue-lites, Dead Cells has a set of upgrades that can be unlocked to make progression easier. Upgrades obtainable during a run include stat increases, more powerful weapons, more potent skills and amulets that can provide damage reduction or even a one time revival. All of these items are lost upon death, which is where the permanent upgrades come into play. Everything from new weapons, improving the damage of skills, increasing the number of charges for your health flask and the amount of gold kept from previous runs can be bought at the end of each map with cells obtained by defeated enemies. Before any of the upgrades can be purchased, however, the player must pick up the blueprints that are dropped by enemies. Some upgrades are also locked until a certain number of upgrades have been bought.Once death sets in, the player is returned to the same starting point. Map progression essentially remains the same (Dungeons ---> Promenade/Toxic Sewers ---> Old Sewers/Ramparts), but each area changes in terms of the layout. There are plenty of sections that will feel familiar during future play-throughs, but the positioning along with item/enemy placements will differ. Some runs will also see a great decline in stat upgrades compared to others, so expect to see more weapons or skills over scrolls on certain maps. It keeps the game feeling somewhat fresh during the first couple of hours, but like most rogue-lites, the fatigue of playing through the beginning levels might set in once the farming phase of the progression wheel begins. This is slightly offset further by the timed doors, secret portals, large chests and elite monster rooms scattered about. New areas will also open up once certain runes are discovered, usually held by tough elites on specific maps. On an unrelated note, if you are feeling cocky, you can also accept the challenge of the cursed chests or break open the payment doors to receive a curse that makes any damage fatal. You just need to find them first.Unfortunately, no matter how much I might have enjoyed the game, there are a couple of issues that made playing the game difficult. There is a frequent stutter during intense encounters, especially on levels with high enemy count or high projectile count (the Ramparts for examples) that makes fighting a chore. The camera seems to have an issue keeping up with the protagonist during longer stretches of terrain or during faster paced platforming, which can make the screen appear to be stuttering as well. I also ran into some major visual issues when attempting to record with XSplit (thankfully I had Gameshow as a backup) and some walking in place bugs, but this wasn't as bad as the saving issues. The prompt to continue disappeared twice for me, once after a hour and again after a six hour campaign. On closer inspection, the save data was missing from the save folder in the game folder. I am not sure what caused it (you can see the first example here:https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ufkw3GO-aC0), but it makes completing the game uncertain.It is great to see an early access release with a good amount of starter content in a genre that tends to hide the lack of apparent content through a heavy grind. Granted, Dead Cells is slightly guilty of this due to the major difficulty increase after the first boss, but it is still manageable. Regardless, this save issue that I reported has left me in a vulnerable spot. I would love to continue playing so I can finally defeat the second boss, but I am afraid to start another save with the threat of losing the progress again. The stuttering also made playing for more than an hour a difficult with survival rates dropping exponentially. Thankfully the rest of the glitches I noticed were minor in comparison, but the stuttering and save issues alone hold back my recommendation.This has been a EAW PSA."
,Not Recommended,588650,33550441,Posted: 14 July,all,JeffCraig,No real sense of progression.
76561198009817851,Not Recommended,588650,32029089,Posted: 28 May,all,Jedi Master Ailan,"It's alright, but it's not really castlevania style. I've yet to feel like it's roguelike or castlevania like. Very barebones feeling."
76561198018368121,Not Recommended,588650,33510952,Posted: 13 July,all,Daspels,"This game started out really well, I was hooked. But after about 10 hours in it became a grindfest. Too bad upgrading your weapons takes ♥♥♥♥ing ages and even though the maps change it didnt change enough to keep me interested. For me the game would be alot better if:1.) It had checkpoints. And im not talking about a checkpoint after each map, but maybe after each main boss kill?2.) Faster weapon upgrades.3.) Not random starting weapons. We all have different taste, let me bash♥♥♥♥♥♥with the weapons I fancy plz.4.) Less expensive items from the shop.Apply one of these points into the game and I would without a doubt recommend this game.EDIT: Seems like i dont understand the genre of the game well enough. But thats how i feel about it."
,Not Recommended,588650,32835736,Posted: 26 June,all,XX_NOT_PETER_XX,The first ten seconds of music sound pretty nice. I haven't gotten further than that without an access violation popping up and my game closing though.
76561198078620926,Not Recommended,588650,33994971,Posted: 3 August,all,DanteTheDemon,Dead Cells Is A Fun Game Truly But After A While You Start To Feel Terrible Because You Start To Believe That The Final Boss Of EA Is Unbeatable Even When You Get Great Runs. Too Many 1 Shots On One Mistake. I Would Say That This Game Is 70 RNG Unlike Games Like Rogue Legacy. But Yeah This Game Has Some Great Features And Fun Gameplay Yet I Will Probably Never Finish This Game Because Of Terrible RNG And Because Of The Dumb Mistakes I Make Cause You Pretty Much Spend 30-50 Minutes Till The Final Boss Of EA And Then You Have To Start Over And Over And It Never Is SuccesfullOverral This Is A Great Game But I Would Not Reccomend This Game If You Want To Have Fun Casualy Whitout Any ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Feelings(If You Want To Play A Adventure Game That Has Great Soundtrack And Is A Megalovania With A Great Story Buy Hollow Knight Its 15 Dollars And Its On Sale Right Now For 10)
,Not Recommended,588650,33791666,Posted: 25 July,all,QED,"'Randomly Generated Monotonous Grinding: The Game'At this point calling a game a 'rogue-light' or similar might be an excuse for a lack of game design. In Dead Cells all you do is kill monsters. That's it. There's no story, there's no intrigue to the combat, no interesting lore, no consideration within the actual design. I understand this game is in early access there are apparent areas where no actual effort has been put in. Beating the game is punished. The 'darkness' area is more annoying than any darkness mechanic I've previously encountered. And the ten-thousand gradual weapon-upgrades are the laziest excuse for content I've seen in a while.Buy this game if you feel like wasting a significant portion of your life."
76561197967833040,Not Recommended,588650,31816335,Posted: 17 May,all,It's Never Lupus,"This was my first roguelike, and I didn't really know what I was getting into.If you are good at these types of games then you can experience and enjoy this game.If you are not that great at them, you won't go past the first part of the game just repeating the same few levels over and over and over again."
76561197966319351,Not Recommended,588650,33960967,Posted: 1 August,all,MikeyC.,"Why a no?Because the game lacks optimization. There should be no stuttering, hickups or frame rate drops of any so on a computer with a GTX 1060, solid state and 16 gigs of RAM.Which I'm experiencing all off.In a game where a few hits can kill you right out. It has to be smooth as can be. There's is almost no room for error.Don't get me wrong I love every thing about the game...But...It starts to become a lost cause when you know your going to get killed not because of your own ability but because of poor optimaztion."
76561198085310469,Not Recommended,588650,31801901,Posted: 17 May,all,Thonawe,"First time playing this game, i was amazed how fluid and good it felt, the gameplay is really tight at the begining.The huge problem with this game is the way the developers tried to make this game ""hard"" because, ofcourse it needs to be hard becouse it is a roguelike.There are no pick-ups in this game that give you a decent chance of survival, no matter how good the items are that u have, if u get hit by 3 enemys at the same time your dead, no matter what, that is really bad (This happens more often than you'd think, and there is no 1 second delay where you are invulnerable after getting hit).There is a chanse of a mini-boss in a area, they attack way too fast for you to react, and even if u react with blocking or dodge rolling, their second,third,forth hit, the hits of their little minions, WILL hit you, and there is nothing you can do about it. As far as I see, the only way to be good at this game is too learn how to cheese your way out of hard fights in annoying ways.It is a shame because i really like this game, but i truly regret buying it now, considering that I will never get anywhere close to finishing this game."
,Not Recommended,588650,33418708,Posted: 9 July,all,3footrazor,This is the only game I've played that's gotten worse with every update.
76561197978422124,Not Recommended,588650,33428958,Posted: 10 July,all,BattleBuddy,"I'm extemely confused as to why this has an Overwhelmingly Positive rating. Maybe I'm missing the hook here, but this is as basic a side scrolling 'rogue like' as you can get. I found it repetitive and boring after less than 2 hours and nothing during those first 2 hours felt fresh or new."
,Not Recommended,588650,31797893,Posted: 16 May,all,Larry,"""Full Controller Support"" - Steam""We reccomend using a controller"" Dead CellsWill not detect a common generic USB controller.No controller options. Cool. Refunding for now, might buy again when fixed."
76561198030517593,Not Recommended,588650,33375315,Posted: 8 July,all,Steinwill,"I really like the consept of this game and it's fun, but it's really not playable at this stage with this amount of slowdowns for a 2d game. hopefully they will sort it out"
76561198043079640,Not Recommended,588650,32008786,Posted: 27 May,all,Alex,"Coming form a game designer: I do not recommend this game for the reason that Rogue-lite does not work, it should of been a regular plateformer instead, with regular level progression and it would of been more fun. With this type of plateforming genrea, you want to  progress and see as many level as possible and getting stronger and stronger. I totally lost interst after 45 min, doing the same thing all over again. The design process of this game is very weird Im not sure how they come up with the concept. Did they had the plateformer idea first or the rogue-lite first ???Another major flaws is the game was designed to be use with the sword. They tried to add more items, but the enemies move and act in the idea the user will have the sword, which makes the other item almost useless and not fun to use.The games linearity is also a problem. To be true rogue-lite, we need total randomness from the start, I have no interest of seeing the first level 20 times or evan 100 times, this is a total lost of my time,As for the fight mecanic, I'm desapointed, the game only ask of you to master when to rolll, that's it. Roll and attack it is pretty much all of the fighing strategy it as to offer.I was very woawed by the trailer, I believe the developer have something great in there hand, the controls are fluids (the roll still need tweaking) BUT this game should not be a rogue like...I really believe if the design took more an apprache of like Guacamele, per exemple, this game I would of continue playing but, with redoing the first level all over again, not for me guys...I love rogue lite, been playing Isaac for 1000 hours, the reason, I never know how the first (5 minutes) of the game will predict the rest, if you do not have this simpe idea, do not call this a rogue game.On more positive aspect, the visual is very nice, I would love to see more blood and more demon like stuff instead of the electric things...Music is immersive."
76561197991785593,Not Recommended,588650,31816891,Posted: 17 May,all,GIXXER,broken wont even start
76561198391182828,Not Recommended,588650,32121760,Posted: 1 June,all,dwaneacarr,game does not load up for me...whats going on
,Not Recommended,588650,32124967,Posted: 2 June,all,Ne7erwinter,"Cannot recommend it due to inexplicable missing frames, lack of animation fluidity and/or stuttering.Seems like the devs & gaming community are way more concerned with adding cool content & gimmicks rather than fixing fundamental performance issues.My rig is i7, 8G of RAM plus GTX 960 so it's probably not a system requirement issue? (sarcasm)The game has potential & appeal for any metroidvania/sidescroller fan but I just cannot tolerate getting a motion sickness (!) from a 2D sidescroller because of some stuttering and devs' refusal to acknowledge, let alone address the problem."
,Not Recommended,588650,31778264,Posted: 15 May,all,kingezo,"It was fun at first, but by the 18th death I was all set, fun for dark souls fans but I am not one of them."
,Not Recommended,588650,34705947,Posted: 3 September,all,Seval,"Hey guys,at all a great♥♥♥♥♥game!!But I got a bug, and so i cant play the game !And the support don´t answer!So I cant enjoy the game....., sad!Cuz this, I cant recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,588650,34078418,Posted: 7 August,all,RawCode,"not enjoyable yetprobably enjoyable with controller, but not with keyboard and mouse"
,Not Recommended,588650,32241884,Posted: 7 June,all,Brambo,Wait for a full release.
,Not Recommended,588650,33109226,Posted: 1 July,all,«Stoopidshadow»,Doesnt even start
,Not Recommended,588650,31767937,Posted: 15 May,all,Ash,"I love roguelike and dark souls-ish games but I found it incredibly hard to continue playing this game once you die. The action element is excellent, but super slow weapon/ability unlocking doesn't do enough justice to the effort I put into earning my hard cells. The feel of progression is just not there. I want to love this and will certainly buy again once it's finished and good."
76561198075405203,Not Recommended,588650,31760084,Posted: 14 May,all,vegrau,This game get tedious after awhile. Forcing you to redo the dungeon again and again. Inconsistent upgrade. All base on luck. Try beating a room with 7 enemies in it without health upgrade.
76561198002377979,Not Recommended,588650,32228848,Posted: 6 June,all,Kezia,The game is kind of neat but it's far too difficult.
,Not Recommended,588650,33441462,Posted: 10 July,all,¨¨¨¨,fun
,Not Recommended,588650,34404328,Posted: 21 August,all,ponisauri079,"I can't play on any hp,  already tried in 3 different, and the problem appears in all"
,Not Recommended,588650,33557489,Posted: 15 July,all,JULZ,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561197997872823,Not Recommended,588650,33152471,Posted: 2 July,all,YeCougar,Actually great gameplay but the mechanic which sets you back to the start and resets most of your progress is extremely annoying
76561198139555311,Not Recommended,588650,31879991,Posted: 21 May,all,410407685,"The game is so hard for me. The die of various combinations of traps is always happen. And the second boss, the eye, I think I need three potions to fight it."
,Not Recommended,588650,34749382,Posted: 4 September,all,¿o?,"looking pretty goodso far. Do not want tosuck it's♥♥♥♥♥♥yet because it's still got the potential to turn into absolutely worthless junk, but the little bit that i've played so far has been quite nice.the movement is smooth, but there is still a lot of situations in which you get ♥♥♥♥ed for no reason. It rewards you  for moving fast but also randomly ♥♥♥♥s you ovr by throwing bats in your face that re-debuff you. I like the direction it was going in when i started out playing it, but it got irritating relatively quickly because the newness wore off pretty rapidly and landed up in a grindy piece of♥♥♥♥♥ i've already paid for the game, why do i now have to unlock♥♥♥♥♥♥with a price?I didn't really want an mmorpg, i wanted a fast moving game with cool♥♥♥♥♥♥in it, not a bunch of locks i need to find keys for, the keys being my time. I really don't think i should waste my time on something that's just going to make me do a whole bunch of grinding.Its a cross between spelunky and rogue legacy. Like. Literally to the T. with a little bit of glitter on it to make it sparkle. It's definitely early access because if this is all the game is then you're not goign to want to pay more than $5 for it, since it's just taking 2 gamesand averaging them.enemies are okay, enough types to keep it interesting in the beginning,  weapons are not terrible, except the slow ones with are ♥♥♥♥ing worthless. Got a few cool things like fire and freeze. I'd say i like it and give it a recomended but i don't think it's going where i'd like to to so i'm giving it a thumbs down because I don't really want to play a gma ei've played 40x.hyperlight drifter is a better buy by a long shot, it may just be another zelda witha hub and unlcoks that let you unlock other♥♥♥♥♥♥elsewhere, but it's got some really good boss fights in in which this game sort of lacks. they're trying the diablo type bosses, i'm pretty sure i'd have just played diablo 2 if i wanted to  play diablo 2, at least i'd get cool loot (except no one cares aobut that♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore) . So it's not as good as hyperlight drifter, it's not bad, it's just not as good. So if it's goint competition from games like rainworld, also in early access i'd rather be a slug, than rogue legacy meets spelunky. I liked it a lot at first, but it got old, fast.Work in progress to be sure. I'd love to give it a good review, but i'm not here to work for a game dev by grinding for the privledge to get to actually play a game i already paid for. So  it's good but asking me to unlock♥♥♥♥♥♥without doing anything interesting other than COLLECT THIS MANY COINS/cells/whatever is just ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I paid you money, now i need to pay you time when not having fun in the game that's supposed to be fun to play? Okay. cool story bro. I'm not going to grind for dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's okay that you're asking me to assess risks, but if i get screwed by your game being too hard to see what's going on in a fight and i have to fight blind right before i get ♥♥♥♥ed out of my 45 cells, i'm going to not give your game a good review, because i got punished for nothing that could be prevented by my own hand because you didn't supply me with any info on how to save myself, or exit the bad situation.So make me grind again ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Not even close to finished."
76561198168690505,Not Recommended,588650,33102470,Posted: 1 July,all,✡KINGELI✡,Mehhhh
76561198039506974,Not Recommended,588650,31678639,Posted: 11 May,all,ChanSama,"Disclaimer:For those who may attack me as not knowing what a roguelike or rogue-lite is, dude, almost all the indie games I bought on steam have roguelike element. 50% of a roguelike game is about strategies. The player should be able to try different strategies in each playthrough to find the optimal to win. Issac was a great roguelike because the player needs a clear mind to make the right choices and the skill to beat reasonably balanced maps, and there are different charaters. Into the Gungeon was not that great because luck was too important. This game at the current state is very like Into the Gungeon - it's super fun for a while but gets really tedious.I love this game. I watched youtubers playing this game and it was an instant buy for me, and I love how the steam version has a lot more content. But let's face it, this game has damn big issues in its concept. At the current state, most people won't enjoy it for over 5 hours.It's a hardcore 2D action game with roguelike element, or let's say it's a 2D rogue-lite Dark Souls. It has everything you love about Dark Souls, yet Dark Souls is 100x more enjoyable than this game in terms of replayability.You question a RNG-based rogue-lite game's replayability? You may ask. Well, yes. While each map is procedually generated, it has a theme. In every game, you revive in a Prisoner's Cell map, from which you get to go to another three maps, then these three connects to the same three maps...then a boss fight, then a Pirate map, then a Graveyard map. That the farthest I got to, but you get the point -  the maps are about the same.Having similar maps is not a big problem, but if every time you have to start from the very beginning, it is a YUGE problem. Imagine in Dark Souls you lose most of the weapons and levels you earn every time you die, and you have to restart from the very beginning of the game...isn't that awful?Of course there are unlockables that make you slightly stronger every time you restart, but first, those unlocked items are given to you by luck, and they usually costs money. Imagine in Dark Souls you upgrade a weapon to +10 then you die and lost it, and you have completely no idea where to retrieve it, and when you eventually find it, it asks for more souls...Having played this game for four hours, I start to feel like I'm just wasting time to earn more souls. There is no strategy what to unlock first. You just need to unlock stuff and pray the high level items appears in the game...to help you unlock more stuff.It's literally being a slave to the game. No other incentives but to collect souls.It's funny that there seems to be a plot in this game. The plot is almost non-existent in current state, but I hope it will give a purpose other than collecting souls.The difficulty progression and balancing is another big issue right now. First, the 3rd map seems to be too large for no reason. I could fully explore the first two maps and the Pirate map but the 3rd map, either it's the Old Sewer or the other one, is too large. Why? It doesn't make any sense.Some maps are generated without balance. I once encountered a long ""tunnel"" in the Old Sewer, where there are toxic water on the ground and Mushrooms keep generating spiked on the ground. There were literally no way to roll or dodge, and I had to face 7~8 leechs, zombies and archers.Difficulty progression is broken as well. You can beat 1st and 2nd map easily with poor weapon b/c they are short. The 3rd map gets significantly larger and the monsters are significantly nastier - explode on death, hit ~100 hp each time, appear out of nowhere, etc. Starting from the 4th map, the map after first boss, the game becomes not for human. In the Pirate map, you almost have to always deal with 4~5 melee and ranged enemies simultaneously if you have melee weapons. I had to lock my HP to pass it, cuz there is no way I can dodge 4~5 enemies together. The 5th map, Graveyard, had a kind of monster that dealt 200+ damage in one blow, causing immediate death of my character.I want to say, please, developers, learn from Dark Souls. Make a portal at the resurrection place so we don't have to restart from Map 1 every time, or make the soul trading place like checkpoints. Or at least, let us select what unlocked items to take at the beginning of each game. This game at current state is just a soul collecting game. I'd rather cheat the number of souls than wasting my or other people's lives on this game."
,Not Recommended,588650,31788121,Posted: 16 May,all,Haze,"People say this game is hard but it really isnt as long as you have a controller, also its fun for about 2 hours, then it gets kind of annoying because if you die, you basically have to start over from the beginning much like binding of isaac but atleast you get to keep some money and items, still its really not worth it since you cant hold a solid place in the game.If you enjoy hardcore, hack n slash platforming games with little to no reward..then this is for you i guess?"
76561197970537402,Not Recommended,588650,34641356,Posted: 31 August,all,Gabriot,The game was fun the *one* time I got it to magically run.  Getting the game to run is an absolute pain and I honestly have no idea how to get it to run.  Until someone can help me get this game to run I can't recommend it at all.  The most important part of a game is being able to actually play the ♥♥♥♥ing game.  It was pretty good from the time I got to actually run it though.
,Not Recommended,588650,34365524,Posted: 19 August,all,vegan meth,"Boring repetitive enemies, boring repetitive levels, and platforming elements similar to super meat boy. Not at all what I expected. Refunded and uninstalled. Most overrated game."
76561198104358473,Not Recommended,588650,34417554,Posted: 22 August,all,[SA]soul eater,"a modern art project on the worst decisions you can make when designing a game. i gave it time to get better. it got worse. and now, because of steam's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t refund policy, i am being punished for giving the game the benifit of the doubt. don't let this happen to you."
76561198115395722,Not Recommended,588650,34699554,Posted: 2 September,all,Glorious Robot Bunny,the game is too obscure and its hard to tell what you need to do in the game. so i cant make an overview
76561198201595911,Not Recommended,588650,32140192,Posted: 2 June,all,ethan.macchi,This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game didn't work when opening. So i would not recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198111974143,Not Recommended,588650,32051454,Posted: 29 May,all,BROTATOECHIP87,-Way too cheesy.-Harder than it needs to be.-Atleast in Souls games you keep your weapons and items when u die.3/10 wish i never bought it
,Not Recommended,588650,33427709,Posted: 10 July,all,ThuleanPerspective,"nice game, terrible devs. get it for free instead"
,Not Recommended,588650,31692568,Posted: 11 May,all,Professor oak,"its fun at first, but gets really repetitive and boring quickly. No sense of accomplishment at allno story progression, character progression. Its just not fun"
76561197971749463,Not Recommended,588650,33763958,Posted: 24 July,all,Silmas,"Well, mostly positive reviews.Maybe i miss something i have only play 2 hors.But:- Bad graphics- Just another sideway scroll hack'n slay shooter/platform game...=> if you like roguelike games, choose Everspace."
,Not Recommended,588650,31701917,Posted: 12 May,all,5 Bears On Patrol,"Needs serious work on the controls. Using a thumbstick will screw you. Using keyboard with space bar as jump will ruin double jumps and make navigating even more clunky than it is. It's a shame, because there is promising game here, but being screwed by controls in a game like this is the worst. Not yet."
,Not Recommended,588650,33871115,Posted: 28 July,all,I'm not gay but 5$ is 5$,Get Salt and Sanctuary.
,Not Recommended,588650,32159485,Posted: 3 June,all,Lemonade,they made a quick buck for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of ♥♥♥♥
76561198214332855,Not Recommended,588650,34716888,Posted: 3 September,all,TommyRocks06,"no. just no. DONT BUY THIS GAME! before you realize how terrible the gameplay is, youll already have been drawn in my this game's amazing music and art."
76561198043927443,Not Recommended,588650,31718973,Posted: 13 May,all,___,Clumsy. Sadistic. Garbage.
76561198022612822,Not Recommended,588650,31673474,Posted: 10 May,all,shinjo_sho,"This game is quite something, I'm love it art work, Movement and how it play. But it also make me feel that something wrong about concept of this game. Let see to the fact. This game desiged to tough, it not easy to play it even on first map.You need to very caution to go on because when you death it become punishment like Dark Souls, you lost your thing,I must say everything! HP up, Skill up, Item you found, even that you brought.After i death few time i come to one conclusion. This game is not fair about death. Let's compare it to DS, Which death is already hit you hard each time (esp Demon souls and Dark Souls 1). But this game like try to do it more, so it just reset you to nothing. What this mean, it mean it like you play it form start every time you die and will not a bit advance or give you a chance to recover your lost (unless you count some gold can recover by upgrade)The fact is every item, blueprint, cell will just lost forever, so you need to find it again.  and what worst?, worst is the map keep randomly so you will can't ""learn"" form your death like DS. You will encounter new combination of mob, place so it almost impossible to ""learn"" form your death.I can't understand about concept of this game, it's hope player to learn form their death, or just hope player will do perfect game play. Since one lost may cause you everything. Actually i'm also find that it's no use to buy any item unless you sure you can keep alive since one death you lost it. So buy something form shop is useless.And what make me slap my face is it fact that you can't advoid death in this game. Last round i do well until encounter one mob that have ""elite"" word on it head, i try kill it then after a while it start to teleport and hit me like mad no matter i run to make space it will just teleport to hit hit hit til i death. /sulk I can't call that fair play. you will never know it form first time you encounter it that it will go god mode, if i know that i will run as fast as i can.  that it another reset just on 2nd map...And for me this game is not metroidvania, it just have a bit huge each map, but after you exit it, you can't go back, So you will not keep run around to find this those. it just like some action game with a bit wide map to explore each map that all. Also i found that some area that it generate to just impossible to engage zone, it no way to enter (like room with around with wall, or it like a cliff that no way to jump up). And since it blocked form acess again after you exit,  so it no new movement to acess that area, it just fail generated.So for me,  This game still need a lot tweak, Developer must decide that they want player learn form death. or they hope player must be elite on god mode. I still not pass the 3 rd map so i really don't know what line ahead. but i fell this game is not designed for me. I finish all DS series even' i'm not elite player. I just endure myself and keep try. since everytime i die i will do a bit advance and learn form my death. but for this game everytime i death, i just restart to go and found new trap that will kick me back to restart again, to found that another new trap just place right directly first door i open. lolActually if you think it Metroidvania, it may not fair, but if you think it just Action game with no save point it may just like that. When you play game on NES or so with no save point you just keep restart with nothing again and again. So if this game base on that concept i really thing this game is not Metroidvania.Don't mistake me, As i say this game have potential to be fun. May it already do for elite player? just not for me.Something that i hope to see form this game is,1) Inventory, which not reset on death., Item strage space like castlevania (metroidvania sereis, not action one) that make you can change item during game play with no need to find it again. since some item is useful for some place but since map is keep random, you will don't know what item you will bring with until you die.... Sometime you just die cause you pick wrong item but you can't predit it. So this game must have inventory to switch collect item.2) Upgrade that collected, Just keep it on death, and remove that item form the map. So you will make a bit advance everytime you play not just keep reseting. You will start to feel how desperate after 10 time you need to keep repeat finding same item again and again.Those 2 will make this game a bit fair on death.So for now i just say ""No"" even i'm so excite on this game since i see it trailer.- Edited to reply commentThank you for reply but let's me clear out,1) As I say I never say this game is bad, right? It just not for me. I'm try to say it as clear as possible. I just hope to see some game like Metroidvania but i'm not ""yet"" see it. As i say i still not yet pass map 3 so i still don't know what line ahead. I'm already said that right? I'm also repeat that this game really have potency to be fun.2) I don't know ""Rogue-like"" game. I decide the game form what it tag. I don't hope for game like DS. but for nowaday when it tag with ""tough"" you will first think about DS since it bring back the age that game not just cheese to bite. I finish Salt and Santuary, Hollow Knight. Both is good Metroidvania to match with tough tag. Since this game tag with Metroidvania I'm also hope for that. It's not first time that game tag with Metroidvania but it seem not like it. If i compare this game make me feel like Makaimura (Ghoul n Ghost) or Castlevania I or III that you can explore in each map. at least til the map 3 so far.3) I know that when we hit some point you can spend the ""cell"" for permanet upgrade. (else how i know it got upgrade that you can recover some gold)  But It just that. It just like you book that item you upgrade for when you restart then you may randomly get 2 of them. but it still not count what you spend the gold to buy, like amulet which always reset to that prisoner collar. Also what HP upgrade and ect you get around explore the map it just also reset. That come to the point that, It no use to keep the gold or buy a thing unless you sure that you can process to next save point?  Ok if that intent form developer, I can understand the concept. It not like DS but like Ghoul n Ghost. but even Ghoul n Ghost, with it not random map so you will learn form your death. It's like that old time game give your chance to learn form your death. This game come to spot that ask more than that, It's hope player to perfect it even to first encounter area, base on to learn mob's behavior not how it placed.4) I'm make clear again on the bottom of my review, I may misjudge it if I refer it as Metroidvania, But if it some Action game it may just like that like old NES game with no safe point. You fail one you restart it. It may got save point ahead, it like you finish 1 stage then save for next one which i don't know yet. Since i'm already said I still not yet pass map 3.5) Most thing that I looking is it fair or not. You know i still enjoy play it, until i encounter the mob that turn to god mode. It just can teleport to me and hit hit hit, I can't even counter it. Since both hand i have got some delay and can't win it with incredible fast movement.  I try to make a bit space it teleport and hit again. As i say that is ""Cheap"" trap. You can't know it until you encounter it and it gurantee you to death at least for first round you encounter. That why i'm say it will be good to have inventory to switch your weapon. So in some case you can change your weapon base on your encounter.Finally you can't hope people like every game you like. I'm just say what i feel. And i say it as fair as possible form my experince only, I'm not one who keep curse the game without say what bad or suggestion. i understand you all and thank for reply. I'm sure play it more when i'm free. If i found something more i'm also sure update my review."
76561198086919125,Not Recommended,588650,33867732,Posted: 28 July,all,David™,♥♥♥♥ing sucks.
,Not Recommended,588650,33083894,Posted: 1 July,all,gedunex,"what is a point of this game?you die,you start over again? you die,you start over.no point to play this game.also,there are plenty of areas but i can't reach them? some of them are just locked with the gates!2017 and still no Playstation button mapping? are you serious?developer said that there is going to be support for Playstation mapping,let see what happens."
,Not Recommended,588650,31712729,Posted: 12 May,all,flappy,LOL accidentally bought this i meant to get salt and sanctuary... the original game this one tries to clone
76561198007204649,Not Recommended,588650,31990310,Posted: 27 May,all,?????,"I ended up cheating on this piece of trash game. The game rewards you for cheesing enemies more than it does to fight them. They stopped updating around this review, so this game is dead anyways. This game is trash and you are trash if you like it, you losers."
,Not Recommended,588650,31696087,Posted: 11 May,all,Mtwarrior,so far so good. fast and fair with combat. if it had 4 player co op GOTY
,Not Recommended,588650,34561602,Posted: 28 August,all,zapter,If you die you loss everything.
,Not Recommended,588650,34646420,Posted: 31 August,all,i2k,game sux
,Recommended,588650,31940521,Posted: 24 May,all,A HORSE WITH OPINIONS,"Really great early access game, much more polished than others. Fun, addictive gameplay that gets you saying ""...well okay, just one more run..."" *hour flies by*The game is fun to play, it's like a faster, more fluid Castlevania-type game. The rogue-like aspects are fun, with different runs giving different weapons or abilities and forcing players to experiment and discover new synergies. The ""carryover"" aspects that persist across all runs also prevent you from getting stuck with boring crap forever. A LOT of think went into the systems to keep things challenging but fun.There's a great variety of weapons, abilities, and playstyles to accomodate almost any desire and a fun variety of levels already. There's a great challenge curve, so even if you master the first couple levels, you're still going to have to buckle up for the last levels. If they are really going to DOUBLE the content, I think this is going to be a masterpiece."
76561198249464768,Recommended,588650,31953804,Posted: 25 May,all,Pandorica8,gemeplay and the art style is awesomemy only problem is that somethimes when i open the game it crashes before it can fully openbutt overall dead cells is an awesome game.
,Recommended,588650,31941394,Posted: 24 May,all,NexusPhantom,pretty good
,Recommended,588650,31944792,Posted: 24 May,all,The Insanity of Man,"This game is exciting, beautiful, and full of content! Even though it is in early acsess I have to say it is one of the best rogue likes I have played. I can't wait to see how far this game goes!!!"
,Recommended,588650,31950935,Posted: 25 May,all,Trombe,Early access procedurally generated pixel art rogue-lite soulslike metroidvania.Except done right this time.
76561198164401870,Recommended,588650,31950774,Posted: 25 May,all,The Racoon Hero,Wow this game is so cool and nice its story is  really intresting  and the gameplay is just awesome.I think that this will be one of the best 2d games :)
76561197978156557,Recommended,588650,31950876,Posted: 25 May,all,Cutter,"Wow, what an incredible game!  Let me just bullet-point some of the highlights:Good progresion system for a rouge-like - death stings, but permanent progress is frequent and rewarding.Really engaging combat system, with lots of variety, lots of options for dealing with enemies.Incredible loot system.  Tons of weapons and items - that come with randomized, powerful secondary effects!Procedurally generated levels that just change enough to keep you interested and exploring - but never enough to make you feel lost or confused.Bottom Line: if you've ever loved any metroidvania game, ever - buy this.  It is, quite simply, thebest one."
,Recommended,588650,31961676,Posted: 25 May,all,Kokoplays,I have to wake up in 4 hours and I can't stop playing. Send help!
,Recommended,588650,31960859,Posted: 25 May,all,G-Prime,"""Souls-like. Roguevania. Pixel art."" Meh, whatever. Don't pay attention to the buzzwords. Don't write the game off just because it uses them.This is a rock-solid action game with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of replayability and a surprising depth underlying its pretty simplistic gameplay. The pixel graphics are clearly pre-rendered footage run through a filter and retouched, but the end result is very smooth animation with an undemanding graphical style that lends itself to a high framerate, essential for any twitchy action game. This game is very, very good, and I can only see it getting better as more content gets added."
,Recommended,588650,31959119,Posted: 25 May,all,love2kick,This is addictive as *steam censored*!I believe the full version of Dead Cells will be a masterpiece.But even now holy *steam censored* !
,Recommended,588650,31959351,Posted: 25 May,all,clubbyclucks,After watching Northernlion playing this i finally decided to purchase it. Zero regrets (and it nice to not miss stuff like the egg does all the time) :D
76561198050157026,Recommended,588650,31966989,Posted: 26 May,all,Diet Dr. SpookcemberweenIan2000,"designed, structured, stylized, and controls beautifully!Unlike a lot of rouge-likes, this one gives you somthing to build towards, a reason to keep playing.the fast-paced sidescrolling action and combat are some of the smoothest and natural I've ever felt.and STILL in the early stages of early-access!"
,Recommended,588650,31966457,Posted: 25 May,all,jaydoerr,1/3 metroid 1/3 castlevania 1/3 rogue legacy mixed together makes a highly replayable game. Just one more run than I'm done for the night agh man that one doesn't count one more run.
13131313131313135,Recommended,588650,31965988,Posted: 25 May,all,CAPTAIN BEN,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing triumph.  Well done.  I love it, you'll love it too."
76561198013395925,Recommended,588650,31967298,Posted: 26 May,all,IChewMyShirt,This game is badass.
76561198082924285,Recommended,588650,31962063,Posted: 25 May,all,bcmonke,I'm really enjoying the game.  It reminds me a lot of Rogue Legacy in that each run feeds a bit in to improving yourself to move forward.  I think I'll be dropping quite a bit of time in to this as I sharpen up my playing and really start to progress.
76561198032067409,Recommended,588650,31964105,Posted: 25 May,all,USM-Valor,"The Good: Fun combat, varied environments, and rewarding RPG elements.The Bad: EA means a lack of content, some balance issues, and no story to speak of.The Bottom Line: Dead Cells is a whole lot of fun that should deliver 15-25 hours of gameplay before you have seen everything currently on offer. For Early Access it is quite stable and well worth the price of admission."
76561198025006062,Recommended,588650,31962935,Posted: 25 May,all,Docnasty,"Just fun plan an simple. Excellent music and atomosphere. Great controls and no hand holding in the beginging in the game. Well worth the price, i dont want to stop playing!!!"
,Recommended,588650,31964940,Posted: 25 May,all,luckyblindshot,"Extremely satisfying and well produced. Feels very polished for something that's early access. Has all the ingredients to become a big game in the future. I look forward to seeing it develop! I highly recommend it to anyone who likes Metroidvania style games with snappy controls. If you're less familiar with that sort of game, give it a shot anyway. It's a lot of fun."
76561198032317229,Recommended,588650,31965290,Posted: 25 May,all,eggerskyle,"A great indie rogue light, castlevainia/metroid side scroller.  The game is difficult, but very fun with good progression in it."
,Recommended,588650,32016338,Posted: 28 May,all,ueet,A very interesting game design with heaps to do in it's early access. The weapon combinations are so cool and once you master it; you're basically unstoppable.
,Recommended,588650,32017352,Posted: 28 May,all,big baller thugger,great
,Recommended,588650,31999572,Posted: 27 May,all,Jaceper,Dead Cells is one of the best roge-likes I've ever play.It has:Easy to pick up controlsController compatibilityAn amazing art styleHard but fun levels/stagesTo sum it up it is definitely worth the Money you pay for it
76561198112208365,Recommended,588650,32024372,Posted: 28 May,all,Lonefree,Honestly could take the early access tab off the game and no one would notice or care...10/10
76561198003903507,Recommended,588650,32008806,Posted: 27 May,all,UncommonWater,This game is fantastic. If this type of game is something that interests you than you have to get this thing.
76561198025148070,Recommended,588650,32008619,Posted: 27 May,all,EclipsedHusky,"fast paced action game, has a learning curve. Needs major tweaks but hey its in early access. Would suggest you grab it when its done so you get fuller experience."
76561198353335081,Recommended,588650,32010402,Posted: 27 May,all,las vegas shooting range,"Amazing game with great replay value, play this in my spare time and is a great game overall"
,Recommended,588650,32008582,Posted: 27 May,all,ヽ(￣(ｴ)￣)ﾉ,Pretty much 2d dark souls. Highly recommended :)
,Recommended,588650,32010824,Posted: 27 May,all,Psynbiotik,"Fast paced, super tight controls and a whole lot of fun.  This rogue lite with permanent progression is rockin' it so far. Would definitely recommend."
76561198087388463,Recommended,588650,31987070,Posted: 26 May,all,HolyForce,Quit wasting time reading reviews and go play this incredible game!
,Recommended,588650,31996687,Posted: 27 May,all,Riff-Raff,"Constant progression, highly addictive."
,Recommended,588650,31994805,Posted: 27 May,all,Ayo,Very fun and addicting!
76561198044355796,Recommended,588650,31995016,Posted: 27 May,all,whiur,Cannot wait untl the full version is out. 51 hours in and cannot put the controller down!
76561198025701852,Recommended,588650,31994924,Posted: 27 May,all,LopataTURBO!,Great and addictive platformer.I didnt have this much addiction in a while.Stealing every seconds in breaks at home and on the work to playit.Easy/fastplay.BE AWARE! its unstoppable addiction.
76561198196756273,Recommended,588650,31995169,Posted: 27 May,all,Jeff,"This game is highly addictive. Even in EA, this game makes me happy and have lotta content. Worth it!"
76561198202647562,Recommended,588650,31995235,Posted: 27 May,all,archiryan123,"OMG its glorius. The combat, the graphics, the weapons, the skills, everything. The added combonations of what weapons and skills do together and endless weapon types is fantastic.Would like to see:Story/Lore - I want to care obout the character and the island/environmentProgression that doesnt involve always starting in the first areaMultiplayer would be incredible AKA co-op, PVP could be coolThings added to change the game up a bit - difficulty modes, mods, skins for character and weaponsChallenges/quests"
76561198069414213,Recommended,588650,31995389,Posted: 27 May,all,martinp123,"Really tight gameplay, an instant addicting gameplay loop and a constant feel of progression. Doesn't feel like an early access game, the game goes above and beyond what i was expecting."
,Recommended,588650,31996329,Posted: 27 May,all,Furiantl,"This is a fun game with great controls and a lot of replayability potential.  I love the feeling of nostalgia I get when playing.  It reminds me of Castelvainia symphony of the night, but it is different in the fact it has rogue-like gameplay.  I play using a controller and the controls are extremely satisfying.  I look forward to added content when it full releases.Pros:smooth controlspotential for repeated playthroughssoundtrackfun factor and nostalgiaCons:does not detect when I plug or unplug headsetdoes not always detect controller correctly when I start game"
,Recommended,588650,31994473,Posted: 27 May,all,Corvinus,Fun Fun Fun
,Recommended,588650,31989695,Posted: 26 May,all,Strontium,"Fluid animations, perfect controls, fun enemies, and satisfying weapons.The later levels are tough as nails; I've only managed to actually beat the (current) final boss once.There are currently some issues with regards to weapon balance. For example, the spear and the non-electric whip are both useless due to their long windup periods. However, I expect this will be resolved as development progresses."
76561198026011957,Recommended,588650,31930853,Posted: 24 May,all,老猎人,"Great game. Just great. Full of potential and already tons of fun in its early access stage. Definitely worth the price for y'all hardcore gamers. If you enjoy games like undertale and ori this is a must buy. But if you are more of a 3D Souls kinda guy dont be fooled by the ""soul-like"" death system, its quite different."
,Recommended,588650,31986481,Posted: 26 May,all,JesusTickles,"Great game, what can i say? I don't even play many 2d side scrollers or platormers, but this game is great. Currently not too much added into the game, i have beaten the current alpha in under 10 hours, but i hopefu they keep adding to it."
,Recommended,588650,31986909,Posted: 26 May,all,Morwyn,"Extremely fluid combat system despite being in early access. Amazing pixel graphics and beautiful, fast paced music. Interesting enemies from what I've seen and a nice variety of weapons. Nice progression system. Highly recommend if you enjoy roguelites such as Isaac, games like Dark Souls, and metroidvanias."
,Recommended,588650,31674420,Posted: 10 May,all,Ovicior,"This game is quite fun, and I highly recommend buying it.The weapons are unique and fun, and there's a sense of progress with the ability to permanently gain abilities by passing levels. Each map is randomly generated and balanced."
,Recommended,588650,31674439,Posted: 10 May,all,Mccree,"Great game 10/10, good amounts of content for release day. lots of fun"
76561198132856739,Recommended,588650,31674947,Posted: 10 May,all,F1R3G4M3R,"At the time that I write this review I have 1.8 hours played of this game. I think this is time enough to say that this game is completely amazing. The pixel art graphic style and the hand-drawn backgrounds are delightful tp your eyes (I know I sound like a 200 year old). The music and sounds are amazing too.Gameplay wise, everything is perfect. Well polished game mechanics and noticable similarities with Castlevania and Metroid, like the developers said. It is a hard game, but you can always see why you died, (even if 20 thousand enemies come toward you and attack at the same time in an un-dodgable barrage of death) and you don´t get (that) angry.Even though there are not many items in the game, I like the feature of them having different passive abilities, even if you compare two of the same items of the same level. I know this is an ealry acces, but it is a great game, no crashes or bugs that I could see occurred on my playtime.In conclusion, this game is a masterpiece. I think that when more items are added, the amount of replayability that Dead Cells will offer will be limitles.10/10(sorry if there are any mistakes, I´m not a native English speaker :P)"
76561198035693771,Recommended,588650,31675870,Posted: 10 May,all,The Puffy Shirt,The art reminds me of dungeon of the endless! Very fun so far. Pretty fleshed out for early access.
76561198002754922,Recommended,588650,31675897,Posted: 10 May,all,Johnford313,"Very fun, fast paced, and creative Metroidvania. One of the best indie Metroidvania out there actually. The artwork is great, top tier pixel art. The music is pretty good as well. The controls are intuitive and reponsive and the game mechanics are very solid.Highly recommended for fans of the genre!"
,Recommended,588650,31675924,Posted: 10 May,all,Zom_be,One of the best games i have played all year. pick it up now that its on sale.
76561198016315562,Recommended,588650,31678401,Posted: 10 May,all,Alliance,"Definitely a good game. I dont normally play thses type of rougelites but this game is great. As of my few hours into the game, only experienced 1 crash due to a bug out when i was trying to get an upgrade but thats all. Fun game. Would keep playing."
,Recommended,588650,31678206,Posted: 10 May,all,Liberty|712|ಥ_ಥ,"i suck at this game, but it is so damn good and fun. quality game all around"
76561198008371308,Recommended,588650,31677537,Posted: 10 May,all,lilzil,Evan though im dying consecutively i love how the permanents play a part in the overall progression keeps it moving. Each new run holds something fun and new.
76561197961681815,Recommended,588650,31680674,Posted: 11 May,all,VonFIDDE,"Amazing Rogue-lite game, really hard for me but still fun to explore and upgrade your hero."
,Recommended,588650,31684731,Posted: 11 May,all,[♨] CaffineHipsta [♨],"Although this is an early access game, I have encountered no bugs so props to the devs. 10/10 :P"
76561198133187260,Recommended,588650,31684791,Posted: 11 May,all,444 92668 8666 344433,Pros-Fluid Combat-Good Controls-Good Platforming-ReplayabilityCons-Enemy variety is lacking(Due to early access)-Areas start to look the same(Not to big of an issue)Sidenote:I've heard that some people have experienced stuttering. I have not but I heard that turning off vsync helps. The game has been smooth the whole time I've played it. This is the first metroidvania that I have played and I'm pretty much hooked with the genre now.
,Recommended,588650,31698124,Posted: 12 May,all,Taxouck,"I've been following that game from the very start, when it was barely a teaser called Hordes 0/Die2Nite 0 (yep, it's the same company & devs, modulo those who left and joined over the years).It has a really solid gameplay loop with enough depth to be interesting yet simple enough to be understandable pretty quickly: fight your way through monsters, power up, get to the end of the level, start investing in permanent upgrades, die, repeat. After a while unlock new weapons to play with, new abilities - that are more keys to more difficult levels or previously unattainable loot than anything really-, get further and have your butt kicked by a boss. You know, fun!The level design is done similarly to rogue legacy, that is hand made chunks that are computer-RNG weaved together in a way that is organic. It offers replayability, though you start to see the same chunks over and over again due to the small pool, which is forgiveable for an early access.In fact that's my next point: the gameplay flows well, there's enough content variety to play for a handful of hours, but not much more than that. You know, a flaw forgiveable for an early access, as it's kind of their point.I really recommend getting it while it's still cheap. Heck, even if to end up waiting for the complete version before launching it for the first time."
,Recommended,588650,31695970,Posted: 11 May,all,SuperParadox,"Great early access content so far. Smooth controls, excelent platforming, clean combat, everything just feels polished. Can't wait for them to add more content to explore."
76561198054140780,Recommended,588650,31697116,Posted: 12 May,all,Jubal Early,"I plummeted down deeper and deeper into the depths. I was assailed on all sides by poison spitting monsters, demons that blinked in an out of existance, and even plant life that attempted to slow my descent. The caverns themselves were an  inhospitable landscape of jagged spikes and acid.This was the deepest I had even been. From this deadly wasteland I acquired 3 scrolls for devices that that would make my next attempts slighly less daughting. I had also ripped 25 souls from the beasts that had stood in my way. I had strengthened my body and mind to take and deal more damage. My only goal was the sweet repreive of the next far off check point where I could save my scrolls and deposit the souls I had accumunlated.I had already drained my potions. And even though I had greatly increased my stamina, this journey had drained my down to a state of exhaustion in which I knew that any more damage would be the end of me. I can hear the flyers and crawlers, the undead and the demonic standing between me a salvation. There is no way I can make it through all of them as I am.In frustration I swing my flaming sword again a brick wall, which crumbles away revealing...a carrot. ""Sweet Life!"" I exclaim aloud ""It's a Mother F#*^ing Carrot!""My five year old, sitting next to me, apparently hears this and starts laughing his little butt off. Later that night he confuses and infuriates my wife by exclaiming ""Sweet Life, It's a Mother F#*^ing Carrot!"" at the dinner table as that is infact the vegetable that my wife had prepared with our meatloaf. He then proceeds to throw me under the bus when asked where he learned such a phrase.I, unfortunately, am still depressed because right before I made the checkpoint i got chest bumped by one of the freaking bro-zombies that is almost the exact same color as the light under the door of the checkpoint killing me instantly.10/10 Would cause a disharmonius household again,"
76561198184150326,Recommended,588650,31705716,Posted: 12 May,all,An Unsalted Snail,Just try it... You won't be disappointed
,Recommended,588650,31703626,Posted: 12 May,all,BIG PONTUS,"Hard but fun to play. Responsive controls, a good combat system and beautiful pixel art graphics create the potential for a very good game."
,Recommended,588650,31703758,Posted: 12 May,all,metallikop,"Candidate for GOTY. Fantastic early access game. No crashes, fluid combat and tons of unlocks. Highly recommended."
76561197990808371,Recommended,588650,31705613,Posted: 12 May,all,Heart,"Amazing game, even though it's only in early release. Can't wait for the full product. Metroidvania+Rogue Legacy+Darksouls."
76561198094996940,Recommended,588650,31693181,Posted: 11 May,all,LiquidSquid,"Its Dark Souls meets Castlevania Symphony of the Night with a hot injection of roguelike, what else do you even want?"
,Recommended,588650,32914714,Posted: 27 June,all,Dishwasher Safe,Early Access so can't make too many judgements.Wonderfully addicting rogue-like. The art is great to look at.
76561198341223903,Recommended,588650,32902302,Posted: 27 June,all,flytothemoon,"really interesting, though a little bit hard for me.multiplayers connect wish~"
76561198032446780,Recommended,588650,32908860,Posted: 27 June,all,Ghets,"Fun, challenging, high replay value"
,Recommended,588650,32911881,Posted: 27 June,all,CrazedPixel,super addicting game. simply love it
,Recommended,588650,32914538,Posted: 27 June,all,YoungDigitalNarstyBoy,With the right combonation of items the combat can have a really nice flow.
,Recommended,588650,32930900,Posted: 28 June,all,Asrlex,Probably the best early acces game I've played.
76561197994396024,Recommended,588650,32921784,Posted: 28 June,all,SamDays,One of the best games ever! :) I love this tipe of games where you can progress your stats restarting your progression trough levelsThis game have a constant updates and is a lot of fun!
,Recommended,588650,32862997,Posted: 27 June,all,Instanes,Fast paced. Swift kills and even quicker deaths. Frustrating as hell. But even more fun. Dark Souls on speed.
,Recommended,588650,32882125,Posted: 27 June,all,Martingutten,Great game.
,Recommended,588650,32881132,Posted: 27 June,all,dede_1206,"Rogue legacy meets Spelunky meets Dark Souls ? Yeah that's kinda what you get when you play Dead Cells.Loving it, the combat system is so smooth it's a real treat to play.Kinda con I'd say would be the grinding you have to do during the early levels in order to not get wrecked in the later ones. But well, game's fun so it's fine !"
,Recommended,588650,32884017,Posted: 27 June,all,blythy,"Early access, but fun gameply"
76561198122006558,Recommended,588650,32884798,Posted: 27 June,all,HouseofFrogsFTW,"This is the best game I have played in years.It is good, more then good, it is honestly amazing.Dead cells has the type of difficulty alot of othergames should try. This is the first permadeath I'veplayed and I love it.The combat is good, it's fast and very rewarding if youmaster it, when you lose to an enemy you don't getfrustrated (well I atleast I did).Please play this game, it is a gemthat alot of people won't play because it's a 2-D Indiegame and thats sad."
76561198082548569,Recommended,588650,32889313,Posted: 27 June,all,Gargopod24,10/10 fun and addictif
76561197973765442,Recommended,588650,32889433,Posted: 27 June,all,Space Pajamas,This game is very satisfying to play. The movement is smooth and fluid. I can't wait to see the finished product!
76561198003905105,Recommended,588650,32885618,Posted: 27 June,all,BatmanJohnson,This game is really fun and kind of fast paced. It keeps getting better with every update too.
,Recommended,588650,32885697,Posted: 27 June,all,TimeCrush,A fantastic fast-paced hack n' slash loot fest.
,Recommended,588650,32882384,Posted: 27 June,all,Beardmask,"Lots of reviews out there, so I'll just say that it does exactly what it sets out to do. I thoroughly enjoy it and, while it is challenging, it never feels cheap."
76561198047670586,Recommended,588650,32882472,Posted: 27 June,all,Yssagiel,Fun in a little package of rogue-like gameplay and a pinch of metroidvania mixed in it. The game claims itself their own genre; Roguevania!
76561198106155259,Recommended,588650,32893307,Posted: 27 June,all,srrsteviegamer,"this game is pretty good, challenging but a rewarding payoff"
76561198109436592,Recommended,588650,32894310,Posted: 27 June,all,Tommy D. Trebol,"Started playing cause a friend told me to, within 5 minutes I was hopelessly addicted. I've barely scratched the surfice of this game and can already tell progressing in this gme is going to become an obsession over the next few weeks. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,588650,31711867,Posted: 12 May,all,compass,"The roguevania I've always wanted. Plays great with a controller, difficulty curve feels just right."
,Recommended,588650,31708136,Posted: 12 May,all,Wunkerful,"Its legit. Does the roguelike aspect of just one more run perfectly. Has lots of fun items with modifiers that leads to some cool synergies, ones which will also get you killed in the chaos. I'm making slow progress, getting destroyed but in that well balanced way that you know you'll be getting past it with not too much more practice. The greed is also real, I'd be better off if I didnt get so confident and put myself in bad situations.So essentially its a really good game in its launch state, and only more content will be added. Noted there are only 2 bosses right now, however the 10 levels are enough of a challenge that it doesnt feel small."
76561198044016870,Recommended,588650,31710314,Posted: 12 May,all,Yatta!,"Fun game with a nice mix of rogue-lite, souls and castlevania elements that makes for a fast-paced, punishing and above all rewarding experience.And with the promise of more content on the way, I know that this game will keep me hooked for a long time."
,Recommended,588650,31709588,Posted: 12 May,all,King_ChowChow,"Ok, this game is awesome, i recomend it its just amazing, think binding of issac and darksouls mixed together thats dead cells"
,Recommended,588650,31710370,Posted: 12 May,all,Dustypants,Lost a day to this game. 10/10Will lose more days.Dead Cells > Rogue Legacy
76561198028166369,Recommended,588650,31711364,Posted: 12 May,all,Dark Hollow,"Love this game! feels a lot like castlevania if it was also a rogue like. the combat is very fluid, enemies are fast and not overtly punishing, lots of equipment choices and upgrades to get, plenty of areas to explore and secret items to obtain. cant wait to see what the developers add for the full version!"
76561198113546261,Recommended,588650,31721047,Posted: 13 May,all,:Panda:,Very good game my bro
,Recommended,588650,31721049,Posted: 13 May,all,blackmiaool,Become god after practicing.
76561198150865312,Recommended,588650,31719282,Posted: 13 May,all,Mintyhead,This game is amazing!!! i dont think i have ever found a game this fun and addicting for a very long time.
,Recommended,588650,31719681,Posted: 13 May,all,Kilo,"One of my favorite games ever, added to the list beside many older games along with new ones too. Dead Cells is a Castle Vania ish, old style sidescroller. At first my expectations were slightly low but I was blown away, expecting it to be an indie team trying too hard to become something great. They really did it though, the game is awesome. As of this review , the game is still in alpha and the ending seems incomplete. I'd rate 8/10 and I bet if they continue to develop it I'd go to 10/10. The fighting is fun, you're meant to die over and over to gain levels to eventually be strong enough to beat the bosses. The game is repetitive but not in a bad way. I would recommend this game even priced higher than it is. For 15$ I couldn't be happier."
76561198073872950,Recommended,588650,31721992,Posted: 13 May,all,plaguewind,Great fun. Low price. Do it.
76561197989413633,Recommended,588650,31720374,Posted: 13 May,all,Zaandin,"I'm always reluctant to review a game in Early Access simply because the game is still in development, so any pros and cons I have with the game can and probably will change. But I'll make an exception for Dead Cells.I've spent about an hour with the game, but within the first few minutes I knew the game was going to special. I'll try and keep on top of the review as updates are doled out, so in the mean time here are my thoughts on the current build thus far.Pros:Slick control, with a seemingly basic but massively in-depth combat system.Great visuals and music, with crunchy sound effects. Overall I really like the aesthetics.Loads of replayability and with the permanent runes granting special environmental abilities,  gating off later levels. I appreciate that, it stops the game from becoming overwhelming.Tough but fair challenge, each death is a new lesson learned.Quite polished for an EA game, I haven't encountered any game breaking bugs. (But the bugs are there.)Overall, for an Early Access game I'm really impressed and I can't wait to see the next developments. If you're not into your roguelikes or roguelites etc. then I don't think there's much here to make you change your mind. I also highly recommend a controller. Playing a 2D platformer without one is just nuts.Cons:A couple of bugs. Nothing game breaking though. I kind of glitched on an animation and I got stuck in a bit of scenery.Honestly, besides the lack of polish in some areas and it still being in Early Access so some things remain out of reach (such as the statistics), this is a great and promising game. It's quite a meaty game and with it being only about 45-50% complete it just makes me hungry even more. A genuine surprise and I bought it without checking up on it or reading any other reviews."
,Recommended,588650,31720399,Posted: 13 May,all,Elrondas,Buy it
,Recommended,588650,31721335,Posted: 13 May,all,Tokyo|Jon,"Fantastic Early Access game, great animations, soundtrack, controls."
,Recommended,588650,31723139,Posted: 13 May,all,Kryl,"I'm only just getting into rogue-lites and platforms (thanks Nintendo Switch) This game is very addictive and fun. From someone with little time choosing the right game that allows me to play in burts is important. At any point you can just exit the game and it will save progress! Very Very fun game. For once, death isn't so frustrating."
76561198041363607,Recommended,588650,31723673,Posted: 13 May,all,ZoMbIe,Really good rogue like.
,Recommended,588650,31725055,Posted: 13 May,all,The Mad Dabber,"Great game, fun. Double damage lightning whip is OP"
76561198184768541,Recommended,588650,31725436,Posted: 13 May,all,PumpkinHead,Jolly good fun
76561198047416114,Recommended,588650,31713362,Posted: 12 May,all,Cronenberg Morty,"Graphics are beautiful. It's challenging, but fair. Controls feel fluid. I love it. And the devs are saying there's much more to come. Get it. Now."
76561198046942139,Recommended,588650,31691618,Posted: 11 May,all,lazrsquid,"This is seriously the first rogue-lite game that kept my interest for more than two hours. It offers an amazing build variety, which enables you to play each run in a different way.Amazing graphics, beautiful music, and tons of replayability. Definitly my favourite game for the next months when I have an hour or two to kill."
,Recommended,588650,31712819,Posted: 12 May,all,Bat Nipples,"Dead Cells is a fantastic game with amazing animations and fun gameplay! If the souls series and rogue legacy had a child this game would be it. My only problem with the game is that even though i have a computer that is more than capable of playing this game, I am constantly experiencing frame drops and that leads to me taking hits i could have easily doged and in one occassion actually dying in the game. But other than that I have had an amazing time playing this game"
76561198051028706,Recommended,588650,31723544,Posted: 13 May,all,hotblooded,dang dude the game's great
,Recommended,588650,31723742,Posted: 13 May,all,GreemLuck,"This game is freaking awesome.At first I was relunctant to buy this game due to the ""Early Access"" flag, but damn. Don't be fooled this game is fully playabel and it already have a ton of content that will leave you stuck in front of your screen for hours, and the dev are  saying it's only the 50% of whats they want to officialy release.For some comparison, this game has a gameplay similar to Rogue Legacy but the combat system is more complex with the ability to dodge and have two wepons at once. Plus it has the same sort of ambiance as the Souls series. A great ♥♥♥♥ing game in my opinion.If you are into those sort of games, you should buy it now. I can already see the price raising when the game will be officialy released which will be according to the dev in between 8 or 12 months."
76561198060342605,Recommended,588650,31724052,Posted: 13 May,all,Rageass,Super fun.
76561197992971571,Recommended,588650,31724936,Posted: 13 May,all,76561197992971571,"Hollow Knight worked great as a single player, story-driven metroidvania.This is a different kind of metroidvania, much more aligned with Rogue Legacy, but with a more robust combat system.One main issue I have at the moment is screen ""stuttering"", where the screen doesn't scroll smoothly and, instead, moves 50-100 pixels at a time. Once this is fixed, I think this may be Game of the Year material for me.Keep up the great work!Edit: Love the character's body language, the shrug needs to be a GIF asap."
,Recommended,588650,31724733,Posted: 13 May,all,tomwithtime,"The procedurally generated metroidvania thing is a really great idea, loving it so far. I always enjoyed the style of those games but the replayability wasn't great. Now with that 1 minor issue removed, we have have a glorious evolution of the genre!"
76561198010733108,Recommended,588650,31719557,Posted: 13 May,all,Habu69,"Very beautiful art and effective gameplay, though a bit hard right now."
,Recommended,588650,31724131,Posted: 13 May,all,Red Rennard™,Really Fun
76561197995062787,Recommended,588650,31722858,Posted: 13 May,all,Clementine,got me by the balls instantly.... 10/10
76561197969395791,Recommended,588650,31722792,Posted: 13 May,all,GetUser,"This game is already really amazing.  You can definitively buy it without any doubt. It's a kind of rogue-lite with a really 'little' part of metroidvainia. But the gameplay is really enjoyable, fast and so much precise. the felling with the weapons is also excelent and like every rogue-lite and metroidvania, the difficulty is already there. I don't have anything else to say, that this game, is probably going to be the independant game of the year, at least, in the top 5."
,Recommended,588650,31738395,Posted: 13 May,all,L0VED,Buy this right away...as long as you have a controller.
76561197970532781,Recommended,588650,31708725,Posted: 12 May,all,TheRadian,"So much fun! Incredible controls, godly pixel-art, deep customization, infinite replayability, great music, and it's EARLY ACCESS! I love this game. It's also as tough as nails."
76561197965103237,Recommended,588650,31739397,Posted: 13 May,all,XVII GRiM,"Dead Cells is a rogue-lite, metroidvania action-platformer. You'll explore a sprawling, ever-changing castle... assuming you’re able to fight your way past its keepers in 2D souls-lite combat. No checkpoints. Kill, die, learn, repeat.Roguelike, Rogue-lite, roguelike-like, rogueschmike! No matter what you call them, the world could always use another! As such, we'd like to present for your consideration, the illegitimate child of the roguelike and the metroidvania, the RogueVANIA. Anywho, enough with the sales pitch, let’s take a closer look.By metroidVania, we’re really talking about a fixed, hand designed, interconnected world. The game takes place on an immense island that never changes. All of the biomes, bosses and the paths between them are present right from the start. Getting to them is another story...However, in Dead Cells, death replaces the traditional backtracking mechanic of a metroidvania. At first, seemingly unreachable areas will be strewn across your path, but answers to these riddles will appear as you explore the island. Be it a key, a new acrobatic skill or a forgotten spell. Once uncovered, this knowledge will stay with you, allowing you to unlock new paths to your goal. Sick of the stinking sewers? Head over the ramparts and take a breath of fresh air! It’s your skill, playstyle and of course the loot you find that will determine your path.Furthermore, as the term ""RogueVania"" might (not so) subtly imply, we were also quite heavily influenced by the recent wave of roguelites. When there are no checkpoints to save you from your screw-ups, the adrenaline kicks in. And when you lose, you lose big, so you’ve got to make it out alive. Instead of relying on the classic formula of memorising the level design and enemy placement, procedural generation allows us to reward your instincts, reflexes and ability to adapt to evolving situations.Having said this, we’re conscious that the words “procedural generation” conjure up images of crappy levels and uninteresting gameplay in a lot of gamers’ minds. So we’ve chosen a hybrid solution, with each run being a mashup of carefully designed “chunks” of level. The idea is to give you the feeling of meticulously handcrafted world, while making sure you have a new experience every time.Don’t expect it to be a walk in the park though. Pattern based monsters and demanding boss fights will teach you to choose your battles and build your strength. Every weapon has its own unique feel and rolling and dodging will become second nature, as you learn to manage the mobs of monsters that will overwhelm the unprepared. We’re going after that “tough, but fair” feeling.Tired of the violence and death? Explore a bit, take a stroll, enjoy the view from the ramparts, find a secret room. Thomas and Gwen, our graphic artists, never miss an opportunity to impress with their pixelart and shape a world worth exploring. You might even learn a little more about the lore of the place, who knows?"
76561198095811343,Recommended,588650,31738275,Posted: 13 May,all,xHuckleberry,"Very cool game, Did experience a game breaking bug that broke my save file. I entered a secret room mid jump.it then loaded into the secret room and said player model out of bounds, and it saved so every time i load my file itsstill saying the secret room text with nothing else.On that note I have no issue starting again because it was fun knowing each death made it that much easier to advance!"
,Recommended,588650,31719964,Posted: 13 May,all,Wildcard777,"This is a fun, fast-paced action game that has a lot of potential for an E/A game."
76561198027900444,Recommended,588650,31739658,Posted: 13 May,all,Maicol2809,"Ever get the feeling you don't want to keep playing a game out of fear of finishing it? Just because you're having such a blast?Just the other day I was thinking: ""I will never get to experience Dark Souls for the first time again, and that's a shame."" Well, it seems all it took was some randomly generated levels and a fantastic sense of progression even with the punishing difficulty.Everytime I conquered a horde of enemies or mini-bosses it felt great, and the first ""true"" boss was a worthy challenge of the skills I had acquired so far.Developer says they got 2 bosses ready, so it seems I still have a lot of ground to cover.I'm ready and hungry for more!"
76561198042342015,Recommended,588650,31737601,Posted: 13 May,all,ericc555,"This is a fantastic game!  Despite most rogue lite games falling in the meh category for me, the devs. have done a great job making it work really well in this particular case.  The reason for this is the way that they have integrated permanent effects with a robust loot finding and upgrade system, resulting in the player routinely finding new weapons, shields, gadgets, secrets, stat upgrades, etc.   Combine this with tight combat controls and a the option to remap your controller bindings (which is ABSOLUTELY CRUCIAL in games like this), and the result is a really fun game that keeps you wanting to come back and play it.  I'm still pretty early on in the game (I'm maybe 4-5 hours in...the steam generated ""hours played"" isn't accurate in this case) but I wanted to take the time to write a review to let everyone know how much I have enjoyed it so far.The graphics and sound also work very well overall, and even though I typically prefer cel shading or standard 3d to pixel art, I think it was the right decision for this game.  It's hard to pin down as far as what other games it reminds me of, but if I had to categorize it, I would say it's a mash up of Castlevania (33%), Salt and Sanctuary/DS (33%), and the remaining third falling within the best of the rogue lite genre as mentioned above.It's also a great deal at the current price, and although it's still in beta/early access, there is plenty of content to keep you interested while this masterpiece is completed.F*&^ing Game on!H"
76561198214840325,Recommended,588650,31739454,Posted: 13 May,all,rowys,"it's a lot like spelunky, definately recommend !!"
,Recommended,588650,31737350,Posted: 13 May,all,stuWhat,"Early access and already hooked on this game.Amazing visuals, fantastic controls, great game!"
,Recommended,588650,31738056,Posted: 13 May,all,Nayy,"If you're looking for a Metroidvania-Roguelike-2D-Pixeled-Dark Souls, then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,588650,32749398,Posted: 24 June,all,OhBoiHihgNuun,Amazingly fun game with alot of great level and souls-like combat!
76561198023191104,Recommended,588650,32749337,Posted: 24 June,all,Charb,"We need more games like this,seriosuly! Pure gold!"
,Recommended,588650,32713436,Posted: 23 June,all,Funda,"Amazing! I'm really enjoying this, everything seems so polished, the controls ae on point, the game is fast and fluid. The levels are slightly different each time, so each run feels different to the one before. Highly recommending."
,Recommended,588650,32737497,Posted: 24 June,all,Magaras,One of the best Early access games I have played.  It feels like a feature complete game.A rogue lite with a well done progression and loot system that is constantly urging you to try just one more run.  Combat is solid and responsive.  Every time I die I feel like I could of handled the situation better and I am compelled to play again.  Difficult but fair.For rogue Lite and metroid/vania fans this is a must buy.
76561198273909089,Recommended,588650,32812866,Posted: 26 June,all,stucash,"I bought it yesterday; right after I bought it I played 5 hours straight, not even a sip of water in between. This is how great this game is. I am a big fan of 2D platformer but I haven't played something like this for so long. Not just the hack and slash element but also how the game is designed, the little perks  are everywhere, it's waiting for you to find them and when you find them, most likely it surprises you as well.Just buy it !"
76561198115573627,Recommended,588650,32766434,Posted: 25 June,all,MADbakamono,"Im having a real problem putting this game away. Just wanna keep playing because every round, even though you lose you still always get that sense of real progress.Incredibly good combat, a great progression system unlike most Rouge-likes and great artwork.Tons of stuff to unlock and upgrade and an awesome dungeon to explore.Would like more enemy variety possibly however this is only a small complaint.Just a fantastic game and I hope the developers keep updating and eventually finish it!"
76561198028203347,Recommended,588650,32798066,Posted: 25 June,all,Pervy Sage,The game looks great and the gameplay is buttery smooth.
,Recommended,588650,32777004,Posted: 25 June,all,Alpha & Omega,I can't stop playing...
76561197997929056,Recommended,588650,32757767,Posted: 24 June,all,Tiger421,very good and kinda diffcult
,Recommended,588650,32799047,Posted: 25 June,all,Haleat,I'm playing as a green blob10/10
,Recommended,588650,32732813,Posted: 24 June,all,Morbidanimosity,"Absolutely amazing whether you like roguelikes or notSmooth controls, great combat, nothing feels tacked on - but just enough variety you feel you can change up your playstyle a bunch.best roguelike in ages"
,Recommended,588650,32790118,Posted: 25 June,all,Cognition,It's like castlevania and rogue legacy had a baby
,Recommended,588650,32713099,Posted: 23 June,all,Epicmonk117,"This game combines the fast pace and perspective of a beat-em-up brawler, the Metroidvania aspects of a dungeon crawler, a difficulty and permadeath that will leave you a bawler, and the Souls-like combat of Lords of the Faller (I was trying to get a rhyme going there).  Fighting in this game is fast-paced, visceral, weighty, and rhythmic to the point that it feels like you're putting on a dance of death that would make Jhin proud.  However, I do have some issues with the balance: a couple of the weapons feel overpowered to the point that I will end up using nothing but them if I can (namely the Ice Blast and Dual Daggers and possibly the Heavy Crossbow).  Still, that's what Early Access is for - to let people try your game and provide feedback on bugs, balance, and bullsh** (such as this one time where I got instagibbed by environmental hazards with no way to avoid it), and this is STILL a good game."
76561198164716153,Recommended,588650,32725522,Posted: 24 June,all,achranos,"an amazing game with beautiful, brilliant graphics and a fun fast paced and unforgiving gameplay style for you to enjoy many times over! currently trying to get the rapier and my favourite game to play with music aswell as offline"
,Recommended,588650,32787756,Posted: 25 June,all,Fade,"Pretty fun. Like a melee side scroll version of Enter the Gungeon, except no guns."
,Recommended,588650,32767508,Posted: 25 June,all,TheRedWolf,Amazing combat
,Recommended,588650,32802722,Posted: 25 June,all,crzymilo,"I've only played dead cells for a couple hours, but I'm very impressed with it. I was hesitant buying it because I had bounced off of all roguelikes and metroid vaniasI'd tried in the past, but after hearing such good things I decided to get it. It is so fun and you feel such a sense of progress with each run. Diying just makes you want to play more. This is the only roguelike or metroid vania I've ever liked, and I love it."
,Recommended,588650,32709902,Posted: 23 June,all,Danny,good
,Recommended,588650,32798851,Posted: 25 June,all,AluminumHaste,"Game is amazing even in current state.Why are you even reading this? Go buy it.Seriously.Go.The only gripes is that sometimes there's slow downs for no apparent reason, this shouldn't happen on a computer with 4770L running at 4.2Ghz and a 980ti running at 1.4Ghz also."
76561198039767109,Recommended,588650,32734841,Posted: 24 June,all,crazythan,I love the game.  It's highly addictive.
,Recommended,588650,31815868,Posted: 17 May,all,roaet,Dead Cells is a castlevania meets rogue legacy game. It can be difficult if you are trying to go through it quickly (a feat that provides great reward for timed doors). If you are moving slowly it is a bit more manageable. The weapon variety is one of the best aspects of the game's mechanics. With all the choices it likely you will find a combination that you truly prize. It is a very enjoyable game. Given that it is early access I see that it can run out of content. Hopefully that lack of content will be fixed on final release.Out of all the early access indie games I have played this one is the most polished. I highly recommend picking it up.I also implore that you bug the devs about releasing the soundtrack (on spotify please) as it is incredible.
,Recommended,588650,31815226,Posted: 17 May,all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,"i have never been addicted to a game so quickly as this game. it's just pure unadultered fun. and my favorite part is that there aren't just items, but stats as well. so you can stack strength for weapon damage or skill for skill damage. combine that with the insane amount of item choices it just never gets old.combine all this with the fact that the devs have said in their ""what the developers have to say:"" is this: ""Ultimately we would like to come near to doubling the currently available content"" so eventually there will be double the current content. which is nuts. this is like a risk of rain level complete game. hopefully they will add different characters with minor passives to add even more variety. that would be awesome.all in all, it's fun as hell right now and i cannot wait to see what's in store for this game in the future."
76561198019082474,Recommended,588650,31815452,Posted: 17 May,all,https://discord.gg/ZBAPyQk,Really addicting for the amount of content they are offering right now (only 50%~ of the game is finished)! Overall a really great game for the price and the amount of potential it has.
76561198194798351,Recommended,588650,31816213,Posted: 17 May,all,MutantGaming,"The name gives away a lot. You will be dead... a lot. You will need to get cells... a lot.This game took me by surprise, I usually don't write reviews but considering I couldn't stop playing this game every time I picked it up and even after repeatedly dying. The game hasn't gotten boring in the first 17 hours and I am dying (get it) to see what the final boss has in store. This game is just overall great and I really don't have anything to say about it that is a major flaw. I would definitely recommend. :)"
76561198099149575,Recommended,588650,31751529,Posted: 14 May,all,Purphuros,after the fix of the missing weapon i will definiatly recomend this game. thank you for the response dev's :D
,Recommended,588650,31813607,Posted: 17 May,all,Laus Nordah,I can't stop playing! Great art/graphics! Great gameplay! Great controls (steam controller!) Interesting and fun mechanics!Don't die.
76561198085698038,Recommended,588650,31817806,Posted: 18 May,all,ben_tausheck,"Great fluid game with difficulty that can be overcome simply by playing and learning through deaths and triumphs. There are so many ways to approach the game and many strategies are viable. It is well balanced in the demands for patience and aggression. The art and music are sweet as well. A must get for anyone who likes rogue games, dark fantasy, and challenge."
,Recommended,588650,31818211,Posted: 18 May,all,Murrnation,"A roguelite meets Metroid meets Dark Souls, this game is a must for any fan of the genres. Tight controls, permanent progression system and a wide variety if weapons, enemies and paths make this a must-have for the price."
,Recommended,588650,31818127,Posted: 18 May,all,Not Drunk Chibi,"10/10 Mastapiece~ Controls are nice and precise and the roll actually has perfect invincibility frames, that and the game itself looks and sounds beautiful, the combat feels wonderful too, I don't really know what else to say."
76561197996823324,Recommended,588650,31806254,Posted: 17 May,all,Twotricks,"Short review : The gameplay so fun its had to put the game downIn last years we have seen emergence of 3 trends : Rogue like , Metroid like, and Souls like.Many games tied this fomula with vaying measues of success.With Dead Cells, it finally all clicks together.Dark Souls element is spot on , with crisp controlls , attack patterns , invisibility frames.Roguelike element is decentAnd Metroid element is spot on, with branching maps full of secrets that encourage exploration.But what is most important this all comes together in the game that has GAMEPLAY figured out.The gameplay is absolute joy, and you can barely put the game down.All this is still EA and I can only see the game growing with much more things added.This one certanly deserves the hype."
76561198069452828,Recommended,588650,31817905,Posted: 18 May,all,miniflo,"reminicient to Salt and Sanctuary in its style, play, and dark souls difficulty; Dead Cells is a refreshing dungeon crawler that is addictive and brutal. I was only gonna play for an hour before bed, and now it is 1AM. For being early access, I had no problems and there is quite a lot of content already there. The Pixel graphic art is wonderfully done and the world appears fleshed out at my first cursory glance. Strong reccomendation to pick up Dead Cells before full release to support the developers, and play this fantastic game!"
76561198016411868,Recommended,588650,31804347,Posted: 17 May,all,c0mmanderKeen,"Short preface, I have not played any Castlevania games, my knowledge of them is based solely on AVGN videos, so I cannot say how much or little this plays like the classics it seems to be inspired by.I bought the game on a whim because I thought the trailers and pictures looked pretty, and because I like the genre-crossover. I couldn't quite get into Rogue Legacy, which is arguably similar, but had difficulties putting this down. I played 2 hours straight and loved it.Effortless, fun platforming, but mostly the fluid and responsive combat sold this game to me. Fighting is what you do, and it's a lot of fun. Item variety is good, even though it can be a tad confusing with 2 weapons and 2 actives (possibly, items are random) thrown at you during the first playthrough, that confusion quickly gives way to pure enjoyment.This is a difficult game, and since chance is involved to a degree, you start over frequently. However, the runs end and restart so smoothly and quickly that frustration is almost instantly replaced by the desire to do better next time. Progression is fantastically well done, with some upgrades helping you to retain gold from previous runs, providing extra estus flask (healing) each run, unlocking new weapons to be added to the random pool... it's fun. It could be compared to Isaac's or Gungeon's progression, but I for one much prefer this.The reason for the smooth progression is the way you earn and spend the currency for the unlocks. Between each level, there is a safe room where you meet a mysterious figure that is eager to receive your Souls, err Cells. You cannot proceed without spending them all, which is fine since you can partially pay for upgrades, i.e if you only have 2/10 Cells for an upgrade, you can spend 2 and cough up the remaining 8 next time. This works really well because even ""failed"" runs always net you something to spend, provided you can finish the first 1-2 levels (which are significantly easier than later ones).What strikes a chord with me is the fact that I can turn off the game at any point with no progress lost, saved automatically. Oh, and it looks gorgeous. Very excited about this one - especially since at this point, you can barely tell the ""early access"". I only encountered a single feature that says ""coming soon"", everything else has worked like a charm. I'm sure there are plenty of bugs, imbalances and oddities to be found, but my first impression has not revealed any.It also runs extremely well, and lets you customize your controller buttons (i've been using the X360 for windows). Since the DualShock 4 is now officially supported by Steam, it would be nice to see an option to use those ""button faces"" instead of a, b, x and y in the future, but barely any game does this at this time.Highly recommended if you like 2d hack&slay, rogue-likes, the prettiest pixel art you can buy and/or enjoy the staggered progression of a ""souls-like""."
,Recommended,588650,31818586,Posted: 18 May,all,Blues,"Umm...okay, so this IS great, it's very fun and, yes, it does get repetitive, but that's okay since you're probably going to die alot anyway. The thing is...is this game completed or what? I've beaten the second boss, the Watcher, and he was annoying, but then I get to a part where it says the boat has not docked or something and I die in one hit during a cutscene to the same boss' tentacle. If it is done then I beat it in like an hour. Is there more? It's definitely not for everyone as it requires a lot of incredibly fast response attacks and dodges, but...an hour? Please tell me I'm wrong...I suppose it's okay since it's hard? I'm not really following...btw, if there was a continuation you could have at least made it so we keep our items for when there's an update..."
76561198100625067,Recommended,588650,31812479,Posted: 17 May,all,GOD,YeahNeeds better and/or more music to break up the game though.
76561198043340143,Recommended,588650,31813228,Posted: 17 May,all,Lucid Nebula,"Was surprisingly good. Wasn't sure what to expect when jumping into it, but dang, it's hella fun. Definitely worth the purchase, and would recommend anyone that has a controller to play it with (im using PS4 controller, feels really good)."
,Recommended,588650,31809001,Posted: 17 May,all,Krimson,"Superb controls, extremely addictive, remarkably easy to pick up and play and feels very rewarding. Dead Cells is a fantastic mesh of Metroidvania and Rogue-Like games with combat reminiscent of Bloodborne with it's focus on timing and dodges, the art is brilliant too and for the price I honestly can't recommend this enough. If you want a cool new indie game you can throw yourself into at any time then you NEED to check this one out."
,Recommended,588650,31813365,Posted: 17 May,all,RIPboi,"I don't usually write reviews but I feel this one deserves it. It's been a long time since an action platformer had me feeling this way. You can read metroidvania and rogue-like and think that this game is derivative, but in combining the best elements of those styles the game rises beyond it's distinct parts.Gameplay and movement feels satisfying and smooth in a way that actual classic action platformers rarely did.  Visually it's fantastic, not exactly 16-bit or hi-bit, it's more Cave Story than Owl Boy. It's not strictly spooky a la Castlevania, but is more sci-fi in it's aesthetic.The real genius mechanic is upon death you don't start from square one but instead with particular items that you unlocked prior to death. Dying still hurts but usually I don't mind all that much and want to get right back in.Overall 10/10. For the price, you get a hell of a gaming experience."
,Recommended,588650,31812881,Posted: 17 May,all,🙏🚫🅱🤔🐩👇❌🌯,"Rogue Legacy + Symphony of the night = Dead cellsOne of the best rogue-lites of all time, tight af controls that reward skill. When you die in this game you know it was your own fault and that feels great.Best played with a controller"
,Recommended,588650,31813765,Posted: 17 May,all,Joseph,"Dead Cells is a really fun game. TLDR at bottom.It is in early access but the devs seem passionate about the project and I believe (hopeful) that they'll see it through to its natural end.Without using terms like castlvania/metroid/darksouls esque to describe it: Dead Cells is basically a game where you - a dude - makes his way through a dungeon fighting all sorts of other monster dudes. The difficulty rapidly increases the further you go until (likely) something will better you. You'll then be thrown back to the start of said dungeon to try again. Each time around (hopefully) you'll pick up some more skills and strategies and learn more about movement/combat etc, youll occasionally pick up some permanent ability, (i.e. ability to skip levels via level transports etc), and Cells which you can sell to a science dude who will buff your character in some way permanently, whether its a potion you get to keep, or upgrading a weapon (when you pick it up).It's addictive, it's fun, and you'll hate yourself for wanting to play more after 5 hours of dying to some ""♥♥♥♥ING HAX ♥♥♥♥ HAX CHEATING MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ HAX enemy.""Only criticism I have is something I saw someone else talk about in their review is to do with the cycles. Sometimes when you die you feel like you do not get ""enough"" out of said death, which can lead to the game feeling a bit stale at times cuz you, your character, or the game hasn't changed enough this time around to keep pushing you forward, wanting to play more.I think there's a bit of a trade off here (gonna talk about souls now) - Souls did this by keeping everything the same so each time you played, youd get slightly further than last time so there was always that sense of ""come on, come on...."", and thus when you did push through said challenge you'd feel the massive achievement and/or grab an item that was well worth it. Dead Cells at the moment randomises levels which screws with this sense of progression, and doesn't throw you an epic weapon/item upon completion because next time you die you'll lose it. So really all that's going through each ""cycle"" is yourself, knowledge and more cells for a perk from Science dude. I dare say they'll probably fix this with time because it does stand out.Regardless, in it's current form its well worth a purchase.TLDR: Great game, visceral combat, fun, you will get addicted and want to play more to a point - only criticism is that there probably needs to be a bit more that either sticks with your or pushes you forward each time you die because after a while it can become a little stale."
,Recommended,588650,31812526,Posted: 17 May,all,Corvus,"Highly addictive, I'm not one to sit and play super hard platformers, but this has a great mix of difficulty and forgiveness. Still makes me rage and worry my neighbours with how much I slam my desk and curse, but I only put the controller down once my thumbs give up."
,Recommended,588650,31837875,Posted: 19 May,all,Remaining,"I palyed through the first few levels now and beat some bosses. And I have to say, this game is amazing! I am really enjoying every moment of it :D"
76561198090739704,Recommended,588650,31830118,Posted: 18 May,all,Pyropenguin,"I whole heartedly recommend Dead Cells. Being Early Access it has several areas it can improve on in my opinion.1) The shield mechanic is rather useless at this point. Never once have i thought, ""man a shield right now would be handy"" however many times i have regretted holding snatching up a higher tier shield than my tier one range weapon.2) Sometimes the platforming can be wonky. More specific, double jumping to grab ahold of a ledge can be rather frustrating because it feels like it misses on clear lands occasionally.3) Bleed damage is simply too strong. The tick rate is too high and the ability to easily be stacked makes it overpowered. Needs to be toned down a bit.4) Certain weapons are completely are completely not worth taking. Whip im looking at you! Sure you can bypass the shield minion, but in a fight you come up short. (dont confuse this with the electric whip, that lovely thing is boss) I not implying every weapon needs to be a must have, but they should be able to tide you over until you get something better in the first round.As for improvements, Thats really all I see at the moment.The game does most everything else well: fights are enaging, badies are unique enough from each other, interesting enough level up mechanic, many unlockables, you feel strong alot until some monster shows you other wise (don't get cocky), art, music.Its a pretty fun experience."
76561198053070059,Recommended,588650,31827374,Posted: 18 May,all,Keln,At first I thought... There isn't much to this game...And then you just realise how much there is in just this simple early access.Get this gem. You won't regret it.Awesome art. Nice music. Spot on controls.
76561198026882755,Recommended,588650,31848864,Posted: 19 May,all,Fumbles,"THIS is how you make a Metroidvania platformer. This game is so well-developed that I, His Royal Saltiness, Reginald von Saltington III, Defender of the Salt Throne (suck it, Greyjoys), and thrice-crowned champion of Saltcon, have no problem dying and then thinking ""Huh. That was fair. I deserved that.""You would never guess this game was in beta if they didn't flat-out tell you. I have encountered ZERO bugs or indications of incomplete content. The movement controls are intuitive and respond instantly, and I'm not even using a gamepad. The gameplay is smooth, the hitboxes are on-point, your mobility is exceptional, the weapons and skills are varied and encourage experimenting with endless combinations, the enemy AI strikes that sweet spot between challenging and frustrating, the graphics are simplistically beautiful with seamless and immersive environments, the music is perfect, there's lots of replayability...my only concern is that I'm being spoiled against all future titles in this genre."
,Recommended,588650,31847389,Posted: 19 May,all,Indyk,"So here I'm, playing platformer on 7700K , GTX1080 and 144Hz monitor.Fluent gameplay, great replayability, very challenging.Better than drugs.10/10"
,Recommended,588650,31844029,Posted: 19 May,all,Mumen Gamer,Cannot recommend this game enough.
76561198046680525,Recommended,588650,31844395,Posted: 19 May,all,Elul,"I usually stay away from games that are in Early Access, but I seriously recommend this game. This is the most fun I have had playing a sidescroller since Shovel Knight and the Megaman X and Zero games of my childhood. Amazing stuff, the developers really have something special here. This is still a Roguelike, so if you don't like the challenge of losing your progress with every death I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198258194036,Recommended,588650,31846388,Posted: 19 May,all,Brend1N0,"This Game is Practically a finished product, at least what i've played thus far"
76561198087999365,Recommended,588650,31850763,Posted: 19 May,all,Campbell,"Easily become one of my most treasured games, even in early access this game is so amazing, fluid gameplay = 10/10"
76561198006931316,Recommended,588650,31850771,Posted: 19 May,all,nowiesz,"Polished, metroidvania with a dark-soulsy asthetic, super responsive controls, and fast-paced hack-and-slash combat. Soundtrack is pretty baller too.Early access, but considering how GOOD it is now, I'm interested to see how they continue to flesh it out and support it in the future.All told, 15 hours in, and I haven't come close to finishing it."
76561198095988329,Recommended,588650,31761561,Posted: 14 May,all,919191,"The game is great with so much fun, very addicting. However, the difficulty needs to be reconsidered. When you try so hard to feat the ""Incomplete One"" go the next stage, you realize you are still on the buttom of the food chain, two strike from the very basic ""Green"" minion will kill you from your full health, with the best combination of weapon and skill ever collected. It is a addicting but frusating game.Update: but today I edited my recommend to yes as the previous review is made with rage. The game is well made, again fun and addicting. Just huge pain sometimes."
76561197970396514,Recommended,588650,31846202,Posted: 19 May,all,JB,I love these kind of games. Upgrades upgrades and items!Too bad there is no content in this game yet......... Its going to be epic once its finished
76561198034882656,Recommended,588650,31844893,Posted: 19 May,all,Hannibal Angus,"Okay Steam doesn't let me just upvote the game.I love the artstyle, the gameplay, the balance (in early access stage). Nearly everything.Just one thing could be better: MORE IITEMS!!! :D"
76561198043504339,Recommended,588650,31913714,Posted: 23 May,all,Prolapse Mucus,"Okay, so, my thoughts after playing about 6 hours.It's fantastic. Nothing short of amazing, actually. An early access game that gets increasingly promising as you play (and one of the most polished EA games I've seen on the steam store).Fine-tuned controls, appealing and crisp pixel art, brilliant music, and on top of that, the developers have a firm grasp of the metroidvania/roguelike genre as a whole.My only complaint with the game in its current stage is the 'Elite enemy' system. Randomly around the map you may find an elite enemy. In summary these things have the power to ♥♥♥♥ you over more than any other thing in the game (at least that I've encountered). I have died more times to these elites than to any of the actual bosses in the game.Other than that, this game is stellar, a solid 9/10 in its current state."
,Recommended,588650,31915239,Posted: 23 May,all,HigeKun,"I absolutely love this game. For an Early Access release it's unusually complete and polished. Everything about it is beautiful, and the attention to detail is outstanding. The controls are tight and responsive (do use a game pad) and the user interface is snappy and well thought-out. The difficulty curve is challenging but always offers progress. The content is well balanced with a lot of scope for replayability.Just buy it.Developers:1. Well done! Keep it up!2. I am experiencing one crash, always while changing levels (usually leaving the Collector area) after about two hours of play. Looks like it's during save, because the game resets to the previous level.  Maybe out of memory?3. A minor request - can you save the display preference for fullscreen mode? I always play on a second display, and when I start the game it switches back to my primary display (my laptop screen).4. By the way, when I first installed there was a performance warning about being unoptimised for Intel HD chipsets, but Dead Cells runs buttery smooth on my HD 620. Just FYI."
,Recommended,588650,31914582,Posted: 23 May,all,Noobia,One of the best Rogue-lite action games i've played over the past year or so.even though it's still in early access it's worth the money if you are into this genre - and if not maybe on a sale?The game is polished and i have not encountered any bug so far. It plays smooth and fast and just fun.Definetly recommended. If you want to see some concentrated (although not particularly good) gameplay on this title:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svuP7KkGYBsI still didn't beat the game and have no idea how much more content there is but with more then 13 hours i had a great time until now and some day i will hopefully even manage to beat it :D
76561198009039199,Recommended,588650,31914622,Posted: 23 May,all,Marajin,Not bad pretty good
76561198382091095,Recommended,588650,31915144,Posted: 23 May,all,Jaxxsinn,"Video reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxSt0g_czgsI picked it up for 14 bucks and have had a massive amount of fun with it. I enjoy that the progression feels more rewarding than most roguelikes that feature a permadeath system. With most of those games I end up feeling discouraged and ultimately giving up because I just feel this sense of non accomplishment when I get very deep into the game and end up feeling like each death is a waste more than a reward. Rogue Legacy did it right in my opinion, where it felt like with every run you had made an positive impact on future runs and Dead Cells did a very good job of mimicking that aspect. The combat in Dead Cells feels incredible and changes depending on what weapons you prefer to use and what skills you pick up. However, some weapons just feel very underwhelming when compared to others and end up only being used if you get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ luck and can't pick up a better weapon anymore. I feel like if they could pull the benefits and downsides of the weapons closer together it would make the player more likely to use every weapon and skill in the game instead of just hunting out their few favorites, which are objectively better than the others. One final thought. This game needs more unique bosses. From what I understand there are currently only 2 unique bosses and that just isn't enough. Keep in mind this is early access though, so all of these critiques could be null and void by the time this comes out as a finished release. Hope you all enjoyed and maybe walked away with enough information to decide whether this roguelike is for you or one that you could definitely pass on."
76561198080237046,Recommended,588650,31914421,Posted: 23 May,all,Call me handsome,"great ♥♥♥♥ing game, buy it!"
76561198042739345,Recommended,588650,31908834,Posted: 22 May,all,SarcasticFitz,"2d darksouls-metroidvania-roguelike, it's beautiful."
76561198128086419,Recommended,588650,31912208,Posted: 22 May,all,DireCanadian,"I've only played a few hours, but I know this will be a Rouge-Lite I'll be coming back to a lot. Even though it's currently in early access, I can see this game standing right next to Rouge Legacy and Spelunky for me personally. Combat and platforming feels good and the pixel art is amazing. If you don't intend to buy it now, at least keep a close eye on this gem."
,Recommended,588650,31893953,Posted: 21 May,all,Brian O'Conner,"Best Rogue-like I've ever played, hands down."
76561197972380613,Recommended,588650,31893962,Posted: 21 May,all,Deprivator,"Fun Metroidvania/Rogue like, with some permanent upgrades to help you advance along with learning the mechanics.  Only have 2 hours in, but they have a good solid game here, definitely worth somewhere between $10-$20 as it is now.  Ideally you can get it for < $15 while in early access, may be worth $25 once released, depends on how many features come out.  I had a lot of those ""just one more attempt"" type runs, took me a few tries to kill the first boss that gives you a permanent gameplay function, so it felt rewarding etc.  Had to have the right skills/gear to beat him, at least it made it easier for me when I did that."
,Recommended,588650,31894425,Posted: 21 May,all,Пупок,Kinda amazing.
76561198076021906,Recommended,588650,31901111,Posted: 22 May,all,Motoko Kusanagi,Amazing Game 10/10
,Recommended,588650,31900111,Posted: 22 May,all,JTF2,Radical game. Addicted.
76561197993885584,Recommended,588650,31908891,Posted: 22 May,all,Tokmak,"Might as well be one of the best rogue like games in recent years.. Difficulty is fair, controls are excellent, there is a feeling of progression, art style is great and it is still an early access title. For the price, it is a must buy as it is.."
,Recommended,588650,31908153,Posted: 22 May,all,Fraggins,"A beautiful metroidvania-style mash up of Rogue Legacy, Spelunky and Dark Souls. Stunning artwork and music, tight and satisfying combat and a diffculty curved pitched just right. One of the best games I've played this year."
76561198121894308,Recommended,588650,31909402,Posted: 22 May,all,enigmaticIconoclast,"Do you like darksouls? Do you like 2D platformers? Do you like games that reward skill and punish mistakes? If any of these appeal to you than this game would be a good choice. Like any good roguelike, each run allows you to get better items. However, simply playing the game over and over to get better items won't do much. You have to learn how to fight each enemy, how to use each weapon effectively, and how to survive the different types of traps the game throws at you. The artstyle is amazing, the movement fluid, and the mechanics tight. All around this is an amazing game and I would recomend it to anyone who like Binding of Isaac, Darksouls, or Metroid."
,Recommended,588650,31909202,Posted: 22 May,all,Sheer Breenius,"It's a good kind of hard. Every time (maybe with a couple exceptions, depending) you die, it's your fault. The good kind of hard."
76561198079119389,Recommended,588650,31909361,Posted: 22 May,all,Chief Blastro,Awsome game lots of content to expore and while still in evolving this game will be epic
,Recommended,588650,31909689,Posted: 22 May,all,Raminder Singh,"Usually I'm not about Early access games, and I’ll probably update my review when the full game is released. For now though I cannot recommend this game more. Holy hell does it feel great, look great and has just really satisfying game loop. The game is basically  a dark souls rogue like and gosh darn it works. Why are you still reading this go buy the game it's only fifteen dollars."
,Recommended,588650,31908952,Posted: 22 May,all,Maevine,"Definitely great so far. You can probably average around at LEAST 16-20 hours assuming you complete all the bosses, levels and secrets (or faster if you are really good). This is also at half the content (or so claimed).ProsArt and MusicSuper smooth controlsSuper smooth combat systemEasy to Learn - Hard to Master type of game (this is more of a personal opinion)Good amount of hours of funFor both Casual or ""Hardcore"" playersGame doesn't require heavy specs so it's playable on most computersConsA bit grindy depending on how much you dieThere's challenges in the game, and some of them aren't very rewarding - therefore not worth some of your time.Could use more varietly of enemies (This is NOT a problem for me personally, I think it's fine but some might disagree so I have to state it anyway)And other ""cons"" such as bugs and not ""enough"" content aren't included because this is an Early Access game so it's to be expected. But this is one of the few Early Access game done RIGHT. Definitely worth the buy.Overall score 9.5/10"
,Recommended,588650,31907376,Posted: 22 May,all,HeX,"Being almost 40, I was prime age for all the Castlevania games at the begining (NES).  And I loved them all.  While this is much faster, I get the same kind of ""vibe"" from this and it really sucks me in because of that.  Also, it should be noted that I HATE Dark Souls and I am the kind of person who gets frustrated and then throws♥♥♥♥♥♥and am ready to put my fist through a wall at games like that.  This is not like that.  Sure you die and lose 30 souls and that sucks, but it isn't like you can't play the game, unlock stuff, and have fun while also dying almost constantly.  I love it!"
76561197970362573,Recommended,588650,31906792,Posted: 22 May,all,Marsi,"I really would like to be able to review this game. But in the early access state it is at the moment I simply can't!It's just too...amazing and addictive! Can't stop playing it! Sorry, gotta run, the game calls me...."
,Recommended,588650,31904337,Posted: 22 May,all,kitezero,"we have all been burned by early access, not this time"
76561198071219328,Recommended,588650,31903683,Posted: 22 May,all,Final,Game is absolutely amazing. My only con is that we do not have a downloadable soundtrack yet cause that♥♥♥♥♥♥is fire.
76561198005980897,Recommended,588650,31903725,Posted: 22 May,all,ElementXero,"Simply incredible, I love this game."
,Recommended,588650,31905548,Posted: 22 May,all,Tapa,super addicting
76561198264217993,Recommended,588650,31905656,Posted: 22 May,all,chesskoopatroopa,"Simply amazing. Gameplay still engaging after multiple hours of play, good ambience."
76561198005694299,Recommended,588650,31898048,Posted: 22 May,all,bruceirons,"Instantly one of the funnest games I've played. Beautifully crafted graphics, insanely slick gameplay, and a gripping atmospheric score make this game one of 2017's best - and it's still early access."
,Recommended,588650,31898174,Posted: 22 May,all,PhillyB,is fun
76561198007558293,Recommended,588650,31898499,Posted: 22 May,all,Mazille,"Crunchy combat, fluid movement, gorgeous looks, tons of combos and synergies. What more could you want? I'm almost six hours in and haven't even gotten past the first boss more than once. There's tons to do and see, even though the first level gets a bit samey after the first couple of dozen of runs.All in all, well worth the money, even without considering that more content is still to come."
,Recommended,588650,31890652,Posted: 21 May,all,M3rcer,Decently fun game. Combat feels smooth. Aside from one time failing to launch the game haven't encountered any bugs.
,Recommended,588650,31892885,Posted: 21 May,all,ⒷⓇⓊⒸⒺ ⒻⓄⓇⓉⒺ,Start selling the soundtrack.
,Recommended,588650,31892677,Posted: 21 May,all,proto661,Dead Cells is an amazing game!
76561198260344758,Recommended,588650,31892335,Posted: 21 May,all,Maverick,I love this game
,Recommended,588650,31892263,Posted: 21 May,all,Ethan Bradberry,this game is really neat and you should buy it
,Recommended,588650,31891277,Posted: 21 May,all,GrayFox,Solid game with huge potential and great replayability.
76561198182929238,Recommended,588650,31893778,Posted: 21 May,all,Bardacolt,"This game is definately one of the most fun game I've played in a while along the Rogue-lite genre. After playing lots of Binding of Isaac and Enter the Gungeon, I kind of grew attached the genre and wanted to expand on it. This game was that game that fit perfectly. There are many reasons I like this game:-Skill-based-Aspect of RNG-Feels smooth-Runs like a dream-Great enemies and difficulty levelThese are a few but the one I want to really touch on is the enemies and difficulty. There are lots of memorizing patterns that involve lots of skill and time to play. Lots of patience is definatly a necessity. The game is difficult at some points and may make you want to quit. Rather, the more you play the easier the early levels are and the harder enemies you find.It's absolutly incredible that this is only Early Access. If more is promised I will be more than glad to play the newest updates. Although there are few bugs that I've discovered that allow you to phase through walls/floors consitantly, past that, it's easily in my top 10 games. Highly Recommend and look forward to playing more in the future (patches)"
76561198097871549,Recommended,588650,31890605,Posted: 21 May,all,Cat Therapy,Stunning.
76561198102168234,Recommended,588650,31889603,Posted: 21 May,all,Zeke,"Fluent combat, difficult, tight controls, it's a 2D sidecrolling Dark Souls with platforming."
,Recommended,588650,31889075,Posted: 21 May,all,Top Kek,"Fast-paced, sleek controls, unforgiving. For Early Access this is phenomenal."
,Recommended,588650,31889093,Posted: 21 May,all,GameDragonZero,"SUMMARY: A challenging and deep, yet accessible, roguelike/metroidvania/soulslike game of exploration, random levels, unlockable goodies, and strategy.  Even in Early Access it's impressive, and despite it's challenge, its straightforward nature makes it easy to get intoSo as usual, disclaimers - this is Early Access and things may change.  That out of the way, for Early Acess you get a pretty polished game done by a responsive and forward-thinking team.  If you like to support Early Acess but want something actually playable, its a good time to jump on.In Dead Cells you start out in prison, a lump of cells that just took over the body of a condemned prisoner.  You take what few weapons you find and explore, battling various enemies and at times collecting equipment and mysterious ""Cells.""  You'll quickly find these cells can be used to upgrade and unlock equipment from a mysterious figure - provided you get to the end of the level.  There is apparently a backstory as well, and the names and moody atmosphere hint at more.The game reveals itself as you play and unlock equipment and levels.  New enemies appear with new benefits and challenges.  New equipment is found.  Blueprints unlock new things to find.  Beating bosses yields permanent runes that unlock yet other levels, or open new paths.  Found equipment has special features and random extras, inviting experimentation and synergies.  This all happens with great music and pixelated art that has its own distinct mood for this rotting-yet-living castle you're exploring.Dead Cells rewards experimentation, risk/reward evaluation, and persistence.  A new weapon combo, a careful choice, or just sheer bloody-mindedness pays off in new equipment, areas, and findings.  It's challenging but not frustrating - well-crafted.This  alone makes the game worth reccomending for Early Access-inclined people, but I want to note one more standout element - the accessibility.  Despite the challenge and the ""soulslike"" nature, the game's straightforward controls and mechanics make it easy to dive into; there's no mystery mechanics, useful graphical elements signal events, and text descriptions are clear.  The people behind Dead Cells have managed to make a soulslike that someone not used to the sub-genere could actually pick up and enjoy, and folks wanting a challenge won't be battling obscure mechanics instead of enemies.So who's this for?* If you like a fusion of at least two of the three genres of roguelike, metroidvania, and soulslike AND want to get Early Access, you should be buying this.* If you're curious about the above, but are unsure you want something punishing, this may be a good starting point because the game is accessible.  Plus it's Early Access and you can give feedback.* This would probably be a good little gift for someone you know who likes a bit of focused gaming and doesnt mind Early Access.Who's it not for?* It's good Early Access, but it IS Early Access.  If you can't handle that, don't get it - you'd probably enjoy it then get frustrated.* If you're really not into the genres listed - you do have to enjoy the fusion.  If you're not sure you'd like them, it may help to play a friend's copy first - as I said it's accessible.* If you're not the kind of person that enjoys getting deep into a game's mechanics - this does require that to succeed."
,Recommended,588650,31889196,Posted: 21 May,all,Mosaic,"I don't normally mess around with early access games, but after hearing a lot of good buzz I gave this a try. And I'm enjoying every minute of this game! It's a hard game but fun and the combat mechanics feel good. It's very similiar to Rogue Legacy in which there are some permanant upgrades you can get throughout the game. I absolutely recommend it for any gamer as long as your okay with rogue lite games."
,Recommended,588650,31897266,Posted: 22 May,all,piderman,"This game is very good! It takes all the good elements from games like Rogue Legacy, Castlevania and it also feels a lot like Ghosts 'n Goblins. The controls are tight and responsive, even when playing on a Steam Link. Frantic action is perfectly handleable and the game gives enough moments of rest to get your bearings back. Most of all I haven't felt that it was ever the game's fault when I died. I think this is very important in a rogue lite: it needs to be fair, every death needs to be because you weren't paying attention."
76561198089887590,Recommended,588650,31897161,Posted: 22 May,all,gmiller749,"Hard, but awsome!!"
76561197998781037,Recommended,588650,31891283,Posted: 21 May,all,Neegor,"Update: I have found that afterburner OSD is what was causing my issue of missing textures.After seeing a couple of gameplay videos of this game, I decided to purchase it. However, there does not seem to be any video/graphic settings and half of the textures in this game do not load, for example the teleporters or the ropes. There are tons of blank areas and invisible ledges. I can still play the game, it is just really odd not being able to see everything. I have the latest gpu drivers and tried to reinstall the game multiple times, no luck. I would gladly change my review once the bugs are fixed."
,Recommended,588650,31896638,Posted: 21 May,all,Undead | rxg | Demonshadows9,"I watched the trailer for this game and I was like ""I have to buy this game it looks like so much fun"". This game may be new and a little buggy but it is absolutely lots of fun. I would(and have) recomend(ed) this game to others to look into. Dead Cells has alot of work put into it and you can really tell. From the references on item descriptions to how the other NPCs talk is quit cool and funny. I honestly believe that $16.99 is a very low price for such an amazing game and it still has more updates and content to come. I would honestly pay like at least $40 for this game."
,Recommended,588650,31895163,Posted: 21 May,all,video store guy,"Super good game, perfect mix of Dark Souls and Castlevania, hopefully it won't suffer from early access SUCCess and actually gets finished.So far the only bugs I've experienced have been:Entering a challenge level and falling through the world. This made the run unplayable. An error message popped up and even trying to escape and load back in just loaded me into a wall.Teleporting within a level, and falling through the floor under the recieving teleporter, this however popped up Error: Stuck in wall, and teleported me to the first teleporter instead of ruining the run."
,Recommended,588650,33022428,Posted: 29 June,all,Sharknado,"Overall:As a roguelike/roguelite fan, this is one of my new favorite games. If you played Rogue Legacy but thought it could've used some touchups, this is it. There's so many great things about this game only offset by a few minor gripes - and the updates give you plenty of reason to worry about them less.Note that this is based off the game I'm currently playing - Hello Darkness patch. If this isn't up-to-date, check some other reviews out too.Things I lovedRoguelite done right - All of your favorite roguelike/lite tropes: random dungeons, random loot, huge variety of enemies, permadeath, and carry-over upgrades, all here. This game's overall experience is just satisfying in a way that isn't easy to describe - everything just works well.Weapons & Skills - There's a great variety of each in the game and most of them feel pretty unique. Within each class of items (Swords, Bows, Shields, Utility Weapons, Grenades, Turrets, Power-ups, and more), items have their own variants (inflicts bleed, spreads flammable oil, freezes enemies) which also come with random passives (throws extra projectiles on use, gives you a bonus jump, skill bonuses, +damage to burning enemies). There's so many different things that you can end up with that each run makes you feel adaptive to the loot you get, even with a diverse set to skim through.Movement & Combat - The game isso fluid. Rolling, attacking, jumping, this game feels great. I think it's better with a controller but KBM works well too. This is definitely one of the best systems I've used (if you played Rogue Legacy, again, you'll notice a huge difference with how nicely this controls).Artwork - Charming and pleasing to the eye. It's pixels, sure, but the animations on sprites and the environments are gorgeous. Look at screenshots or videos of light beams passing through the environment, or fire gently lighting up the walls of the dungeon and you'll understand what I mean.Replayability - Each run, you accumulate gold and Cells. Cells are spent in-between levels to get permanent upgrades that persist on future runs, though there's a good pace with how fast you progress. (Tip: get potion charges before most other upgrades, potion charges are really helpful).Boss Fights - As of right now, there's only two, but they're a ton of fun. Though the final boss is really, really damn hard, it feels rewarding to have successive runs a little closer to winning. It'd be nice to see more or random bosses but it's sufficient as is.Things I could see being Improved:(Why the polite, gentle criticism? It's because the developers are really good about releasing updates, which I'll detail more below.)Stunlock - Ah, this will be the end of at least a handful of your runs. You get hooked by one enemy, a suicide bat explodes on you, another brown bat bites you, the hook guy kicks you and you've been killed without any chance to escape. It's not a huge problem but you really have to play conservatively against enemies with stuns, high burst damage, or bats. Yeah. Bats are really annoying in this game since they can go through walls, and being mid-air makes them tricky to hit (gravity acts weird when you jump and swing your weapon; sometimes you stay mid-air, sometimes you still fall).It's Short-ish - As of right now, a typical run can last roughly 30-40 minutes if you make it to the final boss. It'd feel nice to have more areas (typically 3 areas, boss fight, 2 areas, final boss) in between or just more stuff before the final fight. It's still enough to keep you playing, but a little more content would go a long way.Balancing Here and There* - I give this an asterisk because of early access. The developers do a good job of rebalancing items based off of feedback, but there are some outliers I have to mention.1) Shields are useless. Rolling is better in almost every situation. Never take shields. They're getting a rework soon but it is an outstanding flaw.2) Some of the weapons are awful. The Broad Sword is far too slow to be any good in the boss fights where you need to move quickly. The Nut-Cracker has a stun (on enemies above 75% hp) but does pitiful damage compared to other weapons. Some of the abilities like vampirism are awful as well and you should literally never use them.3) Cursed chests (which if you open, curse you. You die in one hit until you've killed 10 enemies) are so risky that there's little point in opening one. The items inside aren't often worth the curse and you don't even know what you're getting out of it. It does talk to you though, so it gets credit for being funny.However, take the above lightly - the game gets a ton of updates and the Developers listen to the community. They often take suggestions from the steam forums and ideas frequently are incorporated into the game (weapon rebalancing, enemy rebalancing, etc).Final VerdictCan recommend to anyone who enjoys roguelites or metroid-vania style games and even most general audiences that enjoy arcade style gameplay. If you like Binding of Issaac, FTL, or anythng similar you'll probably love this game as much as I do.This is a fantastic game as is - I'd recommend this even if it stopped receiving updates tomorrow. The fact that it's continuing to mature and grow more polished makes it an absolute steal and a blast to play."
,Recommended,588650,33044615,Posted: 30 June,all,Sovereign The Absolute,"It gets old quick, once you realize to advancve you have to get the runes then it becomes mission based and is not exploring.until then you have 1 or 2 areas to explore. good luck beating the last boss, 19 runs and i beat it once. which hey, doesnt sound bad, but get the rng to give you the right upgrades is nearly impossble since i had level 7 str and did almost no damage to the boss.game is fun, but repetative immediately"
,Recommended,588650,33044469,Posted: 30 June,all,Stine,This is amaze. I'm not sure that I've been whopped so hard in a game and kept playing it. dodge dip dive duck dodge it up ya'll.Oh and bear traps FTW.
,Recommended,588650,33051293,Posted: 30 June,all,Barlov Monkiss,"Fun, but haaaaard. Roguelike."
76561198015771404,Recommended,588650,33055429,Posted: 30 June,all,vsix,"Fluid gameplay, fast, fun, addictive, very addictive."
76561197995606379,Recommended,588650,33055806,Posted: 30 June,all,VanderBeast,"One of the most fun, most polished and best feeling games I've played in ages.   Every move, every hit, every weapon feels impactful.  You just feel badass doing everything in this game.  My only real problem with the game is its time vortex mechanic.  You sit down to play it for 30 mins, but somehow when you stop playing 6hrs have passed.  That gets really frustrating.    One of the best (just one more run)  games you will ever play.   Can't recommend it enough.    Art and music is stunning as well."
,Recommended,588650,32881092,Posted: 27 June,all,Widen,10/10 will die again
,Recommended,588650,33128580,Posted: 2 July,all,shrek's outhouse,good game
,Recommended,588650,32448017,Posted: 15 June,all,Zombles The Fox,"I dont ever review games, especially early access, yet this game not only has potential but has enough substance and challenge in the game in its early access state to rival a lot of other games in this genre. Highly reccommend this game, the combat feels really good and the challenge doesnt seem to get as frustrating as other roguelites"
,Recommended,588650,32449844,Posted: 15 June,all,gruntblaster,"Super gud. If you dont know much about the game, now is the best time to get it.While its quite addicting early on, getting to late stages/final boss and dying or winning either way, I just feel exuasusted and not feeling like playing anymore. I think that is one of the many problems with rouglike games that cant really be fixed, but exuausting or not, its still very fun. The overall movement and combat is so fluid that when you gain fluency of the controlls, mechanics, and weapons, it looks like you're speedrunning which feels great. One thing that troubles me is the ""balancing"" they've pushed in the latest update which largrely foucuses on stacking DOT's especially with the new oil mechanics while obliterating raw damage builds, the latter of which I used to beat the game for my first time (rapier/infantry bow + magnet grenade/damage buffer before the nerfs). The former however, sets you up for failure as it is impossible to afflict the current final boss with 7 stacked DOT's that you would normally be afflicting all the other enimies with and tearing through the enimies as such. I also just think its silly to push ""balance"" in a single player rougelike where you would normally have to be gifted by the RNG gods and scrounge up the best weapons in the game to beat said final boss. I do think the developers are doing this on purpose because of how one time they said something on the lines of ""we cant wait to nerf it all for you guys!"" Ok, then, so why make all of this stuff good in the first place? MUDA! Oh well, fun game anyway buy it now while it' cheaper than it otherwise would be out of early access. BUY THE GAME FINAL WORDS."
76561198085371445,Recommended,588650,32449127,Posted: 15 June,all,The Beanstalker,"Love the game and looking forward to playing it some more, but there is an issue.This game does not run on computers with anything less than open gl 3.2 or higher. This feels rather restricting and limiting for players on old computers without the money/moreso effort to manually install a new video driver when theirs is fully updated on a laptop. In a way it actually closes off the older computer audience for the game. Perhaps there could be a future option in the game properties that allows it to be run on older computers.However, seriously. Play this game and love it for what it is, as it can only get better and better from here."
76561198160272882,Recommended,588650,32443215,Posted: 15 June,all,Hornet,"Don't know what you did performance wise but definitly fixed the stuttering issue, which at the end of the day I played throught anyways because the game is just that good.GET IT"
,Recommended,588650,32447803,Posted: 15 June,all,Hot Dickingz,Turn on your favorite podcast and play this game for hours. It is the perfect time killer.
76561197972679398,Recommended,588650,32449766,Posted: 15 June,all,PoLy,"Metriodvanian, soulslike rouglite?...or something like that. Great combat system and loads of fun and interesting weapons, which in combination effect your play-style.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,588650,32467258,Posted: 16 June,all,Soulja20,Wat can i say.... Awesome nope. Breath-taking uh-uh. Superior naw.  Tear-dropping.... Well I said enuff lol. Still playing it tho. I'll think of some more lata.
76561197995658449,Recommended,588650,32462964,Posted: 15 June,all,peppaz,"Hard, Fair, GOSHDARN FUN"
,Recommended,588650,32465043,Posted: 15 June,all,Brobi Wan Kenobi,One of the most polished Early Access Games i have played.Developers are active and listen to the community.Gameplay is incredibly fun and the controls are very responsive. This allows for fast paced souls-like combat which feels extremley satisfying.Dying does not feel as bad as other rogue-like's as you get to keep some of your progression in terms of items unlocked and certain passives.10/10 would die again.
76561198155553057,Recommended,588650,32473251,Posted: 16 June,all,Nordicfox,"One of the best games of 2017 yet! great graphics and gameplay. Abselutely love it! worth every penny, if not more! If you enjoy games like nuclear throne and rogue legacy you will definetly love this game. It has an extreme potential to get better and alot of room for new content, cant wait for more!"
76561198049845552,Recommended,588650,32478347,Posted: 16 June,all,MadManMarcoux,It's more fun if you actually try to push yourself to go quickly. That way things get very hecktick and you're running through levels really quickly feeling a badass. Made it to the last boss but maxing skill doesn't seem to be the way to beat him.
,Recommended,588650,32481540,Posted: 16 June,all,Double0seven,I play CS:GO everynight with a team.This is the one game that can pull me away from them!The changes in each level make for almost a new experience each time with a  silky smooth combat/movement system make this game even better. Some Salt and Sanctuary elements but not as brutally difficult. Lots of movement and overall fair gameplay.Excellent developer interaction and quick bug fixes10/10 easily one of the best games of 2017
76561197985938247,Recommended,588650,31967923,Posted: 26 May,all,archie22,This game is hard as hell but so much fun!
,Recommended,588650,31967854,Posted: 26 May,all,Orion Diem,"Better get your bleed on before the update!Definitely needs some balancing, but, wow, what a blast!! My current Early-Access/Steam GOTY."
76561198047465590,Recommended,588650,31968466,Posted: 26 May,all,MyAviato,Lots of items and weapons. Lots of replayability. Really enjoying it so far!
76561198028736386,Recommended,588650,31714586,Posted: 12 May,all,̴̡̢̀̕ ̶̡ƑĘ̴̷̸͢͟͟҉̸̢̛̀̀̕͞͝Ę̵͞Ð̨̛͟,"Its a Phenominal game, but it does not support windows HD graphics, which if you have, you are SOL for the moment. Caution if you want this game, make sure your graphics card is compatable with the game."
76561198051786387,Recommended,588650,32069611,Posted: 30 May,all,Nolan,I can not rate this game high enough 10/10 looking forward to the extra content gg devs
,Recommended,588650,31904983,Posted: 22 May,all,foob,Extremely satisfying combat + good level design makes this a game very enjoyable
,Recommended,588650,32068886,Posted: 30 May,all,coexsystem,This game is nearly perfect
,Recommended,588650,32065898,Posted: 30 May,all,ima asi,"Great game, fast pace and amazing combat.Levels and enemies are well designed although might suffer a bit from repetitiveness(in a bad way) it's still an amazing game."
,Recommended,588650,31675797,Posted: 10 May,all,Ousel,"Im normally really cautious about what EA games a bit, but i ran across this and decided to take the leap after seeing some gameplay and so far its really great. Combat is smooth, great item variation, difficult but not unfair. My only complaint so far is having to go back through the same areas over and over, but its not that unexpected with it being a Rogue-like game."
,Recommended,588650,32114776,Posted: 1 June,all,The Lich,I only like a few rouge-likes and this has become my most favorite of all times. In fact it being just an early access game it feels complete to me. Though that may be because Ive only made it as far as the graveyard myself. Im not saying I would like this to be the finished product but this would be what most gamemakers dish out as a complete game. But from what I hear and hope for this game has the ability to be more than a cult favorite. Im loving it so far and I could technically be called a casual rpg gamer. I love games with story and I play on easy difficulty just for the enjoyment of it. Yet this game just resonates something within me and I awake each morning craving to play more.
,Recommended,588650,31706770,Posted: 12 May,all,z00k,"Fast, fluid and challenging gameplay with a lot of cool weapons and skills that get randomized affixes to keep the experience fresh on every run you do.It's like playing Super-Metroid with a slightly randomized level design and perma-death, but constant pogression as you keep unlocking new stuff throughout every run."
,Recommended,588650,31761000,Posted: 14 May,all,ItalianGuy235,Good game with a lot of well implemented mechanics. Like Dark Souls with more Roguelite elements and whatnot. I can't wait to see it in its finished stated in 8-12 months.EDITSince the Elementals upgrade this game has gotten a lot more balanced which is really nice. The combat is still fast and smooth and the enemies are tough but more fair than in the initial release version. Can't wait to see how the game develops further.
,Recommended,588650,32093683,Posted: 31 May,all,Theeangryvegan,"This game is incredible! If you love Metroidvania style games, this is the game for you. It's hard, but it's not impossible and everything feels so well crafted! Highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,588650,32102299,Posted: 1 June,all,isak,Just straight-up fun to play. Devs are responsive and updates seem to be consistent enough and content-heavy enough that early access isn't too worrying. Already easily worth $17 - just hoping that the metroidvania elements are expanded upon a bit more and that balance and content updates keep coming.
,Recommended,588650,32000409,Posted: 27 May,all,要啥自行车,"Good game,but difficult for me,die,die,die,once and once again.I hope i can choose the difficulty of the game,such as easy,normal and difficult."
76561198053291052,Recommended,588650,32057771,Posted: 30 May,all,ehhhh wassup,"So, as someone with like 450 hours in Binding of Isaac: Rebirth, I enjoy Rougelike/Rouge-lite games. I enjoy finding the different item combos, the different OP power-ups or knowing which ones to avoid, or which compliment each other very nicely. I also enjoy a bit of dark souls on the side, the strategic maneuvering to get enemies to expose a weak spot or over-extend enough for me to get a hit or two in. This game does a fantastic job of combining the two. It definitely doesn't feel as intentionally punishing as dark souls is, and doesn't have mixed items the same way BoI:R does, but it's still stupidly fun to play around with and explore. Movement is crisp, easy to get used to, and there's always a fun time changing your play-style to tailor-suit a run with certain good abilities or weapons you get. Definitely more polished than expected from your typical early access game, and I definitely recommend it for anyone looking for a good 2-d combat game. There are a few things that are a hair buggy/annoying, and I'm gonna list those below so hopefully the devs see, and I believe most people who review have noticed these already and listed them as well. So, for those of you looking for a ""yay"" or ""nay,"" I say get it, the rest of this is just nitpicking and hoping it helps a dev somewhere make this game even better.So, onto some of the concerns and possible bugs:#1) weird animation cancelling when jumping and attacking or climbing and attacking.-So, for instance, if I time it correctly after I jump (been testing this in the starting room using the unlock canisters for measurement for about 10 minutes before I decided to type this review) I can start an attack animation with certain  weapons (rapier, electric whip, weapons with a bit more arm winding back at the start of the attack) in the air at the peak of my jump, and then if I jump again before the swing animation happens properly, I can actually jump a fair bit higher than just by doing the standard double jump. Almost a full character height higher in lucky circumstances. Not sure if it's intentional, a funny bug the devs don't really care about, or somehow game-breaking right now, but it did let me access some ledges later on that I would've had to backtrack to reach by chain otherwise. Also, editing this after a few more hours of play, if you get an amulet that gives you extra jumps in the air, this becomes actually broken. Instead of like 3 jumps in the air that keep me at about the same hieght as the original double jump, I can start an attack and cancel it with a jump AFTER EACH JUMP, which lets me reach the top of the shop, for instance. It's actually hilarious how high you can get, makes the climbing chains thing a bit inconsequential.-kind of a spin off here, but attacking from a chain or while jumping from a chain to it's platform or while starting the climbing animation form chain to platform can make the character shoot upwards while attacking like they have a jet pack, it's really weird. Can't pin down the animation sequence much to tell exactly when it happens or replicate it easily like the jump:attack:jump-cancel thing, but it's the only piece of movement in this game that's really jarring. Also landed me in a few situations that cause insta-death because I was launched into a group of enemies above me I wanted to snipe/bomb before continuing up. This I can't pin down to any particular weapon, but it seems more common when there is an enemy on said ledge that you attack from as you get up. Much harder to replicate without an enemy.#2) BlinkSo, I love this ability. I think it's great. I think it's a fantastic way to spice up the game, add a risk/reward scenario of closeness vs. damage and having to assess a crowd of enemies before blinking in to one shot one and hoping you don't get hit-stunned the moment you arrive, and gives weapons a bit of extra punch, or makes the infantry bow b-b-b-brokenly over-powered. However, if it's going to put you behind an enemy, you should not get punished for using it on enemies you have to get behind anyways to kill: The Shieldbearing Skeletons. For some reason, the pre-charge animation has a hitbox either stupidly far back behind the actual shield that is supposed to do the damage to you before the charge itself happens, or Blink puts your hurtbox on top of the shield's hitbox as you teleport ""behind"" them, resulting in you taking damage and being stunned for a second while the shield-wielding skeleton is a far bit away, forcing you to repeat the process and hope it works like it should the second time, or use your roll/jump like normal. Now, when the skeleton is by itself, not a big deal, you can usually get up in time to attack it, gain some of that health back without a potion, and move on. But, in the later levels, when those shield bearers are near other enemies, you might not want to put your roll on cooldown to hit the thing, and save it for dodging the follow-up from the skeleton's friends. However, if you get hit by the stupid thing WHILE BEHIND IT BECAUSE YOU USED BLINK, the hit can stun you just long enough to get destroyed by those friends instead of rolling away. Worst case it is actually launches you into the middle of them, and even rolling once doesnt get you far enough away. It's happened often enough to be noticable, and in a game where instant-movement is supposed to give you an edge, being punished by the thing you're meant to dodge anyways because you did it too well is annoying.#3) shields just seem useless.-like, I get the defensive approach is something to be catered around for those who want to use it and try it out, but why risk missing a shield block when you can just take a ranged weapon and kill the thing without being touched by it? Or just skip on past the thing by rolling and using the I-frames there to act as both a shield and a movement option. To be fair, I like run-and-gun type play much more, and haven't tried using quite all the shields yet, but I've used them enough to where I don't want to use cells to add new shields to the item pool, and dilute the items that I do want showing up in shops or as drops. In a game marketed a fair bit for combat, the shield should be a very powerful tool, and force a conscious and deliberate decision for offence at the sake of defense, instead of a mildly fun but ultimately impractical change of play-style.Those are my 3 biggest things after about 18 hours playing this game, and I hope that it helps address some of the VERY FEW things that I don't enjoy in this game. The jump:attack:jump-cancel one isn't even bad, just a quirk I want to make sure is intentional or make sure the devs are okay having in the game, and as a SSBM player I love the quick action required for an optimal outcome. The other stuff I hope is either addressed in some form, or the purpose is made clearer once we have the full game. For now though, I'm gonna see if I can finish this run with death orb + damage buffer."
,Recommended,588650,32103091,Posted: 1 June,all,Chaos,"After 30 minutes in, that cheeky piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥killed me in one hit....One more run."
,Recommended,588650,32097812,Posted: 31 May,all,TheGameTutor,"Now the best way to describe Dead Cells is a rogue-lite Metroidvania. Basically, imagine if every time you started Symphony of the Night the layout of the Castle was sorta similar but different and while you kept all of your key items and the bosses were dead you had to regain items on the fly every time similar to something like the Binding of Isaac.There isn’t really a story to speak of (or at least not at present) but essentially you are a body continuously brought back to life each time you die by some sort of fungus and are hell bent on reclaiming cells for your decomposing body.Either way, the story is not what is key here and play second fiddle to the stunning gameplay which might very well be some of the best 2D action gaming I have ever played… yes… it really is that good.Every game starts at the beginning with a sword and either a shield or throwing weapons. As you complete more and more runs you unlock more equipment that gives you better starting gear, increased potion capacity and a better portion of the previous gold amount you had.As you travel through the stages, which can each be completed in a number of ways to enter different areas, you pick up different weapons. The 2 face buttons have a sword and a throwing item or shield and you also have 2 side weapons on cooldown that range from grenades to turrets.Getting good combinations of these but still learning how to use them to their advantage really is the key to success. While it is fun unlocking some are definitely better than other and I feel people really going for perfect playthroughs will selectively unlock weapons to increase the chance of getting one that they want.The weapons are all really different. Some swords give a bleed effect, others give a crit when used for behind and others do double damage when you have half health. All of these swords increase in level as you progress and have random modifiers not too dissimilar to a run of Diablo.While you do keep some things between runs and boss items are always unlocked you do inevitably have to start again when you die (and die you will) sometimes death is not too bad and other times it can be heart wrenching but each time I was desperate to have just one more go. Dead Cells is probably my favourite rogue-lite I have ever played… there I said it.Every run through sees you get that little bit stronger and that little bit able to get further into the castle.The environments are beautiful and distinctive (we’ll ignore the lazy palette swap toxic sewers and old sewers.) with such areas as the Ossuary and the Ramparts being particularly beautiful. Time is also a factor and as you playthrough, you will encounter doors that lock after a certain time into the run.  Luckily, however, these just seem to contain goal and rarely are you punished for not meeting these sometimes brutal time limits.Dead Cells is about trade-offs. Do you open the cursed chest and accept the punishment or do you use the sword that doubles damage you deal but also damages you receive?These little things keep you engaged and are thrilling to play with. Some fo the most exciting moments are when I am very low on health desperate to get to the next zone so I can bank my souls and not lose anything deep down knowing one hit and this run is finished.When I started the game I was rushing to get through each level as quickly as possible and sure that is one way of playing it but then I came to realise taking a more methodical approach and slowly killing and clearing everything can often yield better rewards.The developer says the game is half finished and that is a very exciting prospect as already the early access version is a must buy and a game I am so excited to continue playing as it develops. Expect to see this well up in my game of the year list this holiday season.Check out our original video review here:http://www.thegametutor.co.uk/videos/game-tutor-examines/170601_game-tutor-examines-dead-cells"
,Recommended,588650,31829129,Posted: 18 May,all,Asymphonic,"As far as early access goes theres alot of polish and alot to love. Here are some thoughts.• great music• Tight controls especially if you have a good controller, I tried it out on my fightstick, pad, xbox before finally setting on DS4. It will take some finagaling to get anything thats not an xbox controller to work (I had to go into big picture mode and make sure steam overlay was on but after that it was fine)• really solid difficulty curve. Enemies feel challanging but beatable & the rogue elements really come down to finding gear you are comfortable with, it seems like its not so much a matter of power but playstyle. That said you can power up those weapons over time.• Moody and atmospheric. Pixel art in indy games seem a little overdone at times but it it seems to fit in well. Really fun character & npc designs as well.I'd love to see where this game goes and would love to see it get more of a following in the rogue crowd. After about an hour with it I'd love to see where they go with it."
76561197989895590,Recommended,588650,32097199,Posted: 31 May,all,Bugleface the Archdemon,"If you like rogue-like, if you like great combat, if you like playing video games. This game is for you. It's so good, i paused the game to write this review. Devolopers are awesome, buy this game."
76561198153434086,Recommended,588650,33576356,Posted: 15 July,all,EminemSlim,So addictive and fun but hard.
76561197966301807,Recommended,588650,33578159,Posted: 15 July,all,WASH D.C. -EATING BRB,"Wow - this game is awesome.  How to explain this -- If you grew up in the 90s andf loved Aladin for Sega Genesis (controls, scenery, gameplay, side-scrolling), you will love this!I've been looking for an aweosme platformer and this is it."
76561198119569347,Recommended,588650,33578870,Posted: 16 July,all,DerFrosch57,One of the best roguelite ever! 10/10
,Recommended,588650,33585727,Posted: 16 July,all,Flox,"Excellent Game !Even if it is still in Early Access, i would definitely recommend it !!!"
,Recommended,588650,33600842,Posted: 16 July,all,NoobForSupper,"I'll just get to the point, buy this game."
,Recommended,588650,33591513,Posted: 16 July,all,Scrufus,"At first I was skeptical, but now I'm enjoying it.Essentially a mixture of Binding of Isaac, Dark Souls, and old school Castlevania.When I say Castlevania, I'm not kidding.Some walls have food inside of them.You're a headless member of the Belmont family.Graphics+Animations:8.5/10(for pixel art standards)Gameplay+Content:8.5/10(devs plan to double amount of content by the end of Early Access)Controls+Functionality:7/10(controls take a little bit getting used to)Level Design+Atmosphere:8/10(randomly generated levels with goodies and secrets)Challenge:8/10(balanced difficulty overall, but has it's exceptions)Story:--(well, this game doesn't reallyhavea story. It's basically 'go find your head'. Not really a bad thing--it's typical with many roguelike and roguelite games)Overall impression:8/10Note: I wrote this review after only a few hours of gameplay. Some edits might be made in the future."
,Recommended,588650,33590603,Posted: 16 July,all,Creatismus,"The best rougelite I've played since The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. Combat is great, enemies are tough, and you can create very interesting runs by combinding certain items. Absolutely worth my money."
,Recommended,588650,33609389,Posted: 17 July,all,超奔放大閘蟹,"This is a nice game ,there are some place really make me like it.1. It is full of challenges,every time you spawn ,you can decided how to play this round.  e.g.time challenges2. Every stages have their own special things(darkness area is my favourite)3. This game is time killer."
,Recommended,588650,33610374,Posted: 17 July,all,D3ATHSPARK,"This is a great rougelike game! The level layouts are similar each time but the weapons and pickups are all completely random each game. The game rewards you for quick thinking and your skill level, thus making lots of room for improvement over time. It has lot's of replay value. I highly recommend this game!"
76561198071485803,Recommended,588650,33613255,Posted: 17 July,all,Huntergorh,"Always a fun little romp through the levels. Plenty of variation and enough different playstyles to keep you busy. 8 hours in and I've barely beaten the first boss (The guy after The Ramparts, not the elites), so there's definitely a lot work at here, although more likely I just suck."
,Recommended,588650,33614081,Posted: 17 July,all,Unidentified,"Early Access Review:So many hours, on such a simple game that is not even finished yet. Beat the currently available levels so many times; died even more. Absolute recommendation."
,Recommended,588650,33608852,Posted: 17 July,all,Juan Mertos,"Just a fair warning this is my first rogue-lite, and my first ever dungeon crawler that I have properly gotten in to, and it is great. My time in this game shows how good it is, when I first got the game I played it all day everyday for a week, it would be worth paying 30 quid for it nevermind 13, and for an early access game it is really well made already, i haven't crashed once and have barely glitched at all, I really recommend it for people new to dungeon crawlers as firstly you don't have to have a controller and it works extremely well with keyboard/mouse, secondly because of how simple it starts out, it will develop your knowledge of this type of game and eventually you will beat the game (which i still haven't done)!It is packed with content and only getting more which varies each time!10/10 would play 2d dark souls again!"
76561197982969789,Recommended,588650,33550628,Posted: 14 July,all,Ark,"Unlike other Roguelikes, the intended combat pacing of Dead Cells is less ""Chess+Russian Roulette"" and more ""coked up hamsters in a blender"""
,Recommended,588650,33575175,Posted: 15 July,all,Shamlock,It's so beautiful. Oh my god
76561198012189023,Recommended,588650,33573169,Posted: 15 July,all,DrSmash,"excellent game, pretty rare to find something so damn good and addictive. Cant wait for the full release!"
76561198184726013,Recommended,588650,33574447,Posted: 15 July,all,Termutis,An amazing souls-like/rogue-lite with satisfying exploration and combat.
,Recommended,588650,33500281,Posted: 13 July,all,Bobis,"""Haha now THIS game is AWESOME!"". This is what I exclaim everytime I play. Truly an adventure like no other with a satisfying deep lore that keeps me coming back every day. I hope there will be a spin off xD."
,Recommended,588650,33568629,Posted: 15 July,all,jspegele,Extremely fun and addicting. Just going to do one more run before I go to bed.....
,Recommended,588650,33572337,Posted: 15 July,all,drj3rk,"Even in its EA state, this game is nearly perfect.  It's a masterful blend, resulting in the best form of RogueSoulsVaniaTroid.  It's light on story, but given the Rogue-death aspects, that's probably not such a bad thing.  Spoon fed motivation isn't necessary here.The action is precise.  The variety of skills, weapons, and combination styles possible in this game are executed flawlessly.  I can't think of another game where I personally played in so many different styles.  One level/biome might feel good with daggers and hammer.  The next might feel better with frost and broadsword.I haven't stopped playing since I started.The visuals and audio are perfect.I HIGHLY recommend this game even in EA."
,Recommended,588650,33572262,Posted: 15 July,all,DrunkenMechanic,"I used to hate games like this, where when you die you lose all of your stats but keep important things, but now I have come to love these types of games because of Dead Cells, if you're looking for a great side-scroller, this is DEFINITELY what you're looking for. 10/10 Best Use of $16.99 You Can Ever Have...P.S. When you start get strength power ups more than anything and get health if you're at 4 or 5 strength and get all the powerups you find."
,Recommended,588650,31668977,Posted: 10 May,all,Ryacchi,Best roguelite.
,Recommended,588650,31669083,Posted: 10 May,all,Woah(ke af),looks good and plays well
,Recommended,588650,31672722,Posted: 10 May,all,AllTheFutures,"I’ve really enjoyed what I’ve played of this so far.It gives a really nice vibe of symphony of the night in controls and appearance. There is also a system similar to Rogue Legacy where you unlock persistent items to be found randomly in the world as well as increasing the stats on those items through killing enemies and upgrading between levels.Also similar to Rogue legacy is money that you get over the course of each level and use to purchase items from shops you find.I’ve seen about 4-5 separate levels so far that have pretty distinct looks, enemies, and dangers to avoid. I’ve also come across one boss so far that was challenging in a good/fun way.If you enjoy Rouge-like games and/or the Souls series of games, I think this is well worth a shot to support further development."
,Recommended,588650,31690678,Posted: 11 May,all,Nasir,Very fresh roguelike with metroid type controls. Highly recommend reminds me of Risk of Rain meets Metroid.
,Recommended,588650,31674607,Posted: 10 May,all,Draecas,"Great 2d Platformer Rogue, highly recommend it. Similar in concept to Rogue Legacy or Enter the Gungeon, with each life allowing you to unlock/upgrade items and weapons for future runs. Glad I picked it up."
,Recommended,588650,31674511,Posted: 10 May,all,Meccanica,This game is very good.
76561198044067986,Recommended,588650,31674319,Posted: 10 May,all,Azatorn,"The soundtrack is gorgeous !The game ? The game what ?Yes, the game is awesome but this soundtrack...This soundtrack is gorgeous !"
,Recommended,588650,31674642,Posted: 10 May,all,Idiouyssd Theotem,"Dead Cells:-----------Summary-DIamond In The Rough; to not have heard of it until launch and fall in love at first sight.Metroidvania, Castlevania meets rogue legacy, binding of isaac and plenty of nods to other similar genre defining games.Graphics are lovely and show someone cared, a soundtrack to boot, fun weapons, mechanics, challenging, tight controls.Highly Recommend!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pointless Drivel of my experience:- Upon emulating, replaying Castlevania Symphony Of The Night I looked for further metroidvania hacks, fan gamesand of course new titles on steam.- Having wishlisted and been waiting for Chasm another metroidvania I was eager to try this. Now I'm a doubter of      gaming, early access the lot!  Usually I wont bother until doing some research but the trailer, it didn't sell itself it forced the money out of my hands.-Not a moment too soon, as I have just finished replaying  darksouls 3 for the 3rd time alongside its predacessors so to say I was wanting a fresh start in something new would be an understatement for sure!Thank you Devs so much!a-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------(I can hardly put the game down and the time flies with me instinctively going for ust one more run!  However with that said I should probably get some rest now and prepare for tomorrows endeavour at better loot)"
,Recommended,588650,31674706,Posted: 10 May,all,Caimont,"I tried to think of a more elegant way to say ""Dead Cells is a fantastic game that I love a whole lot,"" but I'd rather be playing Dead Cells than writing a ten-paragraph review of Dead Cells."
,Recommended,588650,31674708,Posted: 10 May,all,Damien Cain,Gotta say that I am very impressed with this game wonderful soundtrack very tight controls and very addicting metroidvania  style game would HIGHLY recommend
,Recommended,588650,31673619,Posted: 10 May,all,darkdaysahead,"I just picked this up today and I can't stop playing it. I've been saying ""one more game"" for the last hour. The combat is great and the random drop make each run unique. I strong recommend picking this up."
,Recommended,588650,31682735,Posted: 11 May,all,SickLilSlug,For a game that came outta no where its one of the best games ive played this year! Polished platformer! Very Solid Gameplay! Weapons feel different from one another and add variety along with the huge range of skills and unlocks! would recommend for anyone who has a steam account! this is a near flawless gem of a game! 10/10 from me!
76561198085988253,Recommended,588650,31682500,Posted: 11 May,all,Daniel,"After beating a boss, i was quite satisfied. It begins relativly easy but the further you go the more complex the enemies are. You wont spam attacks on enemies anymore because of their special abilities.Game is really fast, enemies die fast but so do you. It isn't really a problem if you die, because you can go back fast. You lose temporarly powerups like extra health, damage, your weapons and currency so there is tension if you go far without dying.Small complaint tho- The deathball trap on chains that moves in circles, it knocks you in the air. Not really a problem but you are not invincible during the animation. So the trap hit me 3 more times killing me in an instant. I couldn't do anything and lost a lot.- Some abilities are quite too strong, but that fair because you really need them. But against elite enemies or bosses you can abuse it. And if you have two flashbangs, the enemy cant do anything. That makes the abilities more a primary weapon than a helpBut it is a really fun game, I really like the direction where the game is going"
76561198010360964,Recommended,588650,31682409,Posted: 11 May,all,Rexxy,"This game is an excellent action game though it currently has a few minor flaws. On my PC I experience the occasional framerate drop. Also in the game there can be some blind drops into spikes that are rare but they do exist and they kind of suck to get tricked by.On the positive side, the variety of weapons and items is interesting, and the amount of content and polish is worth the current price of the game. Combat and movement flow really nicely. You really get that feeling of being in the zone. if you enjoy action roguelikes then definitely consider this game."
,Recommended,588650,31684006,Posted: 11 May,all,Freakyfelon,"Not Just another pixel art indy rogue like..I have only had this game for an hour, but i had to stop and punch out a quick review for it because it's the best thing i've played in a donkeys age.It's like Dark Souls, Castlevania and Prince of Persia got together for one special night had a threesome and popped out this absoulute gem of a game.Super tight controls, fast fluid combat, tough and balanced enemies, great level design and a truly beautiful art style with spot on animation.It's in ""early access"" at the moment so not all features are avaliable, but it is one of the most polished early access game i have ever played.It is a rogue like type of game so when you die you revert back to the begining, but the level layout is different each time due to it's partially procedually generated levels.The only issue I've had so far is a occasional slight hitch in the screen transition when scrolling across the level, but is a very minor issue.I really do recommend you try it for yourself as it's a lot of fun,"
,Recommended,588650,31681028,Posted: 11 May,all,fuber,"Very intense game, like dark souls + Castlevania, rly enjoying this Rogue Like game. 9/10"
76561198120654430,Recommended,588650,31686838,Posted: 11 May,all,Doble Bruh,Pretty gud
,Recommended,588650,31700728,Posted: 12 May,all,BengalsWhoDey,Only played a short while - but so far it's really promising. Roguelike + metroid / castlevania gameplay. Nice art design.
76561198039764211,Recommended,588650,31692427,Posted: 11 May,all,Elusive Moose,"Beautiful game with smooth controls. Fast paced, intelligent combat. Hard in the good way, where each death is your own fault. Have yet to encounter a single bug."
,Recommended,588650,31692281,Posted: 11 May,all,Minety,"I'm not an expert, but this game has something that I love, the moves, the pixelart, etc, I do not know, I know it's too early to give a complete criticism, but if you have the money and the hype to prove it, I recommend it to you"
76561198001114880,Recommended,588650,31693083,Posted: 11 May,all,Arnos,"The combat is as fluid as advertised, and fighting your way though the pixel dungeons is a joy. Just watch out for those elites...."
,Recommended,588650,31693634,Posted: 11 May,all,Morally Bankrupt,"Wow, just wow.  Really quick, Very quick, smooth controls.  I sucked at first, but now I can get through whole levels without taking hits (thanks curses).  There is progression by banking your 'souls' into upgrades...but die and lose those souls if you haven't spent/banked them yet.Controls are very fluid.  Game works great with a controller or keyboard.  If you're into tough platforming like the NDS Castlevania's with randomly generated (well some levels have a base pattern that changes) and permadeath with some life-to-life progression then check this out."
,Recommended,588650,31693776,Posted: 11 May,all,Mister Artorias,"+ Solid, action packed gameplay.+ Fluid animations.+ Really impressive pixelated visuals.+ A substantial amount of content at its current state ( There's a pretty big variety of items and upgrades ).+ Replayability.+ The game runs great and I've yet to encounter any major bugs. This may vary from person to person.- Might start to feel a bit repetitive after playing for a while. This is a rogue-lite after all.- Enemy variety isOK. You'll be seeing a lot of the same enemies in multiple areas of the game.The developers seem to be working on adding a lot more content in the near future, which is a really good sign. You can already have a pretty fun time with the game right now, and I can imagine it's only going to get better from here."
76561198319432461,Recommended,588650,31694832,Posted: 11 May,all,davidawallace1984,"the makers of castlevina would be pleased and Iga should play this game. Fantastic job!!! The look and feel. and oh man the combat platforming and more. it hits that itch of what ive been looking for..what seems like for ever. I Hope this comes to every playable device xbox playstation, ied love to see it on my 3ds and vita. if your unsure of this game dont be its wonderfull and well worth the price. playing it  now i would of payed and extra ten. i cant wait to see whats insore if this is constitered and unfinished product....and as always sorry for the spelling"
,Recommended,588650,31692157,Posted: 11 May,all,Rush,"Listen, I'm not a huge fan of souls-esque games.But THIS GAME HERE is good.Pros:-REALLY nice art-GOOD♥♥♥♥♥combat-Fairly ""challenging"" block system-A REAL good bit of difficulty from the enemies-Nice level layouts-Smooth movementCons:-I really don't have any other than like 1 bug that made me teleport downward for no reasonIF YOU LIKE METROIDVANIA AND YOU LIKE SOULS GET THIS GAME RN"
76561197993273145,Recommended,588650,31696744,Posted: 11 May,all,CaleighD,"Excellent! This is the most fun I have had with a sidescroller since Guacamelee. Quite a bit of content already and controls are incredibly solid. I would not have found anything amiss if this was a full release, as it is I am excited for more content and further polish."
,Recommended,588650,31697219,Posted: 12 May,all,Creationlord,"This game is amazing. The combat is so fluid and addictive, it's worth the price just to experience it! The game is beautiful too, with lots of fun items to use."
,Recommended,588650,31696625,Posted: 11 May,all,KenKen00,"Very fun action platformer! The music and environments are very well done. Combat is nice and fast. I enjoy that the game doesn't feel nearly as unfair as some other roguelikes I've played. From what I've played so far, the game was definitely worth the purchase and I'll continue you to buy multiple copies of this game when/if it ever makes it's way to consoles! My only complaint so far is the desire to have more visually different looking enemies. While variety in enemy types themselves aren't lacking, I don't like that most of them feel like they're just recolorings of the same monster."
,Recommended,588650,31697280,Posted: 12 May,all,Sunder,"I find it very hard to put down this game.This is a rouge-lite clearly inspired by Souls following in the footsteps of an emerging 2d souls games. This one is designed from the groud up for speed runners. There is nothing that holds you back from pushing forward smashing everything as fast as you can while trying not to die.Customization is really nice, you choose which 'class' you want to be by simply choosing which items to pick up and use. And then there is kind of a level system only instead of having a level and then picking which attributes to spend you points into you just directly upbgrade attributes. I only wish for more items but maybe its just only because early access and more will come.The animations are really smooth and responsive. Music was meh though imho could be more varied since I kind of got tired of it too fast.Overrall, I am looking forward to play more of this game."
,Recommended,588650,31697294,Posted: 12 May,all,Agarthan,"Looks like Hyper Light Drifter, spawns like Rogue Legacy, plays amazeballs, be ready to get stepped on repeatedly.This is Klei quality EA."
,Recommended,588650,31692016,Posted: 11 May,all,Gorondorf,"Okay, I'll put it simple: this game is just ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING!!!! A grrrrrrrrrrreat sense of metroidvania with roguelike elements that are WELL ♥♥♥♥ING DONE (you never feel you are not getting further into the game due to permanent unlockables and upgrades), as well as a solid quick paced combat that will make you say ""Damn son this is giving me the Castlevania Sotn that I needed"". I just hate Early Access, but I just knew that this game deserves high attention. Things that would be awesome to add would be resolution settings (my crappy laptop runs with Intel HD graphics and it runs a little bit poorly) and a few small fixes in terms of stability and bugs, but you know, this are things that they will correct from time to time so I'm not worried.Score: A pile of goo inside a headless corpse beating some pixelated enemies butts/ 10"
,Recommended,588650,31691944,Posted: 11 May,all,SKA2,"Intense roguelikeAddictive gameplay, very mobile hero will roll & block, the game is not shy of ailments like stun, frozen effects on enemies from secondary items. Permanent bonuses make for a progressive experience to challenge the player to play further. Every new run is random so may end in 10 seconds or until the next boss if you're carefull or skilled enough.The animations look amazing. The few enemies we have in Eearly Access so far are enough for diversity and building strategy. Do not fret at ""Oh, just another pixel art game"" but focus on the controls, depth of character building.A negative note : you can't tell what enemies are going to do with all the FX on screen, especially true on high packed areas and elite units.Even if you hold a grief against Motion Twin - like I did - give them a chance, this will blow your mind.If you enjoyed Rogue Legacy, Enter the Gungeon or Neclear Throne, this is a no-brainer."
,Recommended,588650,31692902,Posted: 11 May,all,Dotticus,"Oh wow, this is Early Access? I bought this thing it was done!"
,Recommended,588650,31695383,Posted: 11 May,all,Holygrape,"Feels like 20XX meets Rogue Legacy with a little Castlevania thrown in. Only 4 hours in, but this is the roguelike platformer that I've been itching for."
76561198295541217,Recommended,588650,33321022,Posted: 6 July,all,Xeno42,"the game is solid and the controls are tight. you'll hear that from everyone but what i reallly want to talk about is the weapons in this game.there are only 21 melee weapons, about a dozen bow and 8 or 10 shields. this may seem like a not a lot considering a lot of rogues usually boast have over 50 or 100 weapons but they tend to all be skinner boxes. in dead cells each weapon instead have a unique combo and special effect and then secondary effects can get added on sort of like a magic enhancment. each weapon is also viable. i remember looking at the sassins knife and reading how low its dps with a bacckstab bonus. i though it was terrible untill i used it and found that, once i got used to it and understood its mechanics, i was blazing through fights. it really clicked with my play style."
,Recommended,588650,33282469,Posted: 5 July,all,Blunder Sunder,"Great roguelite platformer, reminds me a lot of Vagante but with more pace and fluidity. Nice combination of mechanics and systems will keep you coming back for more, and you really do feel like you're making constant progress, rather than just having to do the same thing again and again.Everything it does it does well - a pinnacle of its type."
76561198107355238,Recommended,588650,33327790,Posted: 6 July,all,williamjjlee,"it's a shame. It looks like a great game, but it chrashes everytime I try to load it the game crashes.Inspiron 15‑7559 Processor 6th Generation Intel Quad Core i5 6th Generation Intel Quad Core i7 Chipset Intel HM170 Express with a 4K resolution. So I can't imagine my laptop is the problem."
76561198048882546,Recommended,588650,33333932,Posted: 6 July,all,Kokay,Entretenido y dificil espero le agreguen muchas mas cosas y lo terminen
76561198098179292,Recommended,588650,33333809,Posted: 6 July,all,Accidental Headshot,RIP my free time
,Recommended,588650,33340431,Posted: 7 July,all,sinkheadhxc,"Exactly what it's outlined as: rogue legacy-like map generation and level progression (arguably better), fast castlevsnia style actions, and patternized enemy encounters similar to dark souls.It's fun, fast paced, and contains a lot of simple but rewarding depth involving unlocks.It's a bunch of simple systems smashed together and melded flawlessly. Very hard to put down."
,Recommended,588650,33352964,Posted: 7 July,all,Xalynden,Extremely addictive metroidvania/rogue-lite action with beautiful pixel art
76561198051801945,Recommended,588650,33356299,Posted: 7 July,all,Wardii,This game is possibly the best Early-Access title I have experiences. The combat is fluid and the different weapon types are fun and unique. The only current problem that I see is that there isn't enough of the 'different every time' feel that is in most other rogue-likes because the feel of each individual level is samey in each playthrough and the order that they are put in is the same. This is an amazing experience and I can see it improving much in the future as in the short few weeks that I have owned the game there have already been two substantial updates with elemental weapons and a new biome to explore. I am excited to see what the future holds for this game with the care that the developers are putting into it.
,Recommended,588650,33361549,Posted: 7 July,all,Strato,"The first time you Spartan-Kick a Phazer to the floor and force the enemies in its vicinity to catch fire, you'll be hooked.It's as if Dark Souls and Rogue Legacy had a baby with Samus Aran. The mechanics are very fluid and any mistakes that you make will go punished. You do unlock permanent weapons and equipment that will begin spawning in your current roster of unlocked goodies, including the weapons found at the spawning spot (once unlocked).So far, nothing has felt unfair and it being in Early Access means that anything could change, but in its current state I am very happy to feel my heart palpitating once more."
76561197980712210,Recommended,588650,33361204,Posted: 7 July,all,Devildog1054,The game is an amazing new take on a very classic and wonderful game style. This is a fantastic game and I am thoroughly enjoying it. Castlevania meets Ghouls n' Ghost.
76561198042695787,Recommended,588650,33359872,Posted: 7 July,all,Maxss2,"At first, I didn't think I'd like this game. I ran through it once or twice, and only an hour in, I was ready to throw in the towel and see whether Steam's refund setup would take care of my issues with the game... Too many times, I was finding myself wishing for just any weapon other than the one I got, or an extra 50 HP worth of a health bar, or an extra charge on my healing flask... that would make the game better, more fair... Instead, I just kept getting REKT and sent back to the start all over again. I'd make it out of the first dungeon all right, a little banged up, but still wishing for something better than what I had...Then I gave it one more run, and then something shifted in my perception of the game. By running through the dungeons, scratching together what rewards I could and fighting my way to the next stage, I could slowly edge up the equipment I got in the dungeon. By learning the moves, the weapons, the equipment, I was able to make the best of what I had and push the next run just a bit farther each time. Normally, I'm not one for a fighting system that requires twitchy reflexes, but this one grew on me, and frequently I'd review the burst of action that I just unleashed and found myself actually impressed with my handiwork.I got this game on the Steam Summer Sale, but it's easily worth the full price, especially for the fact that this is still something in Early Access. The only real complaint that I have is that I kinda wish that there was a little more story depth to the game, something to give a greater context to the action, but that still hasn't stopped me from playing the game!"
76561198016717140,Recommended,588650,33364063,Posted: 7 July,all,goronhead,"This is the only Early Access game I've bought, and I don't regret it at all. If only I could give this two thumbs up."
,Recommended,588650,33364038,Posted: 7 July,all,ReviewBrah,"the game can be frustrating as♥♥♥♥♥♥when you die for xyz reason, but its damn good and pretty fair in the grand scheme of things, losing items on death isnt too bad when you get permanent upgrades, and while losing a lot of cells on death is god damn annoying, it feels great when you get to the check point with a lot of cells"
76561198070334953,Recommended,588650,33362772,Posted: 7 July,all,Scrubzilla,Amazing
,Recommended,588650,33363004,Posted: 7 July,all,Carl Sweatpants,Crazy addicting. If you are bad(like me) then its repetitive. Easy to get in to mechanically but strategy is the key to success in this game. Definitely worth your time for hardcore and casual players. This game sets you up to play another run after you die but the runs are pretty short so you dont need to commit too much time to it.
76561197987251719,Recommended,588650,33362887,Posted: 7 July,all,Sommunist,"Dead Cells certainly has a lot of buzzwords that could describe it; metroidvania, rogue-lite, souls-like.  Thankfully, it mostly lives up to the hype.  The combat is fast and fluid, and almost every weapon feels unique.  Combining equipment into a synergetic build is satisfying (there's nothing quite like instagibbing an enemy from invisibility before freezing his friends, dropping a cluster bomb on them, then running off to hide again).  The permanent progression works; weapons you unlock and abilities you gain persist past your character death, allowing you to take different paths and try different builds on each life, effectively blending metroidvania and roguelike gameplay.  The pixel graphics are nonetheless lavishly animated - the game feels more rotoscoped than retro.  And the music is quite good, though nothing special in my opinion.Now the bad: at times, the game can feel unfair (like finding an elite enemy stuck in your only path forward when you are underequipped, or unlocking the random starting gear ability only to get the same awful weapon 5 times in a row), but this is a result of the randomness.  Additionally, after a certain point, there are no more branching paths - it's just a linear progression to the end.  This will probably be addressed as development continues.  Lastly, compared to other games in the genre, this game is surprisingly hard - so more casual players might get discouraged.Overall, I definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys metroidvania games, particularly if you played and enjoyed Rogue Legacy (the two games share a lot of the same concepts.)"
,Recommended,588650,33365837,Posted: 8 July,all,Patriarch,"Awesome, and generally well-balanced. I say ""generally,"" because there's one creature in the game that's a huge pain to deal with. It has allot of life, and chain-spawns an insane amount of wall-ignoring, flying monsters that swarm you. Sometimes the spawner shows up in very tight areas, that you have to pass through. Sometimes two of these walking spawners are ontop of each other, in a place you have to run through.Allot of the time, when you run into them, there's nothing you can do. In the best scenario, you'd have the proper skills and weapons to deal with it - but it would still be dangerous. On good surroundings, you can run back to a clear area, and slowly kill the fliers, then make it back to the main spawner, do a little damage, and repeat the process. That's pretty dangerous, given the amount of fliers. You could run past the spawner, but those flyers will chase you. Into unsafe areas, with new monsters.All in all, I really enjoy this game, but those spawners need to be debuffed. Maybe just spawn less fliers at a slower rate. Maybe the spawners can't be near each other. Maybe they only spawn in open areas. Maybe they have less life."
76561198067497275,Recommended,588650,33340839,Posted: 7 July,all,Zoomski,Fantastic game that i would suggest to anyone looking for something new.
,Recommended,588650,33340915,Posted: 7 July,all,Hoid,Addictive gameplay. Can't stop playing it. Help!
,Recommended,588650,33337309,Posted: 7 July,all,CptPanther,Hey that's pretty good!
76561198285510138,Recommended,588650,31762352,Posted: 14 May,all,grossale826,Best indie game of the year. Really fun tons of stuff to do for half what's it gonna be in the future and only 15 bucks best game for the money spent/fun ratio.
,Recommended,588650,31759790,Posted: 14 May,all,LazyNeuron,Great game. The action is fast and satisfying. Whenever I die I know that it is because I messed up and that it wasn’t the game putting me into a bad position. The upgrades you can get overtime work well in conjunction with learning about the game to slowly make you feel like a badass as you make if farther and farther. Big fan of the game congrats to the developers who have done a great job.
76561198082184617,Recommended,588650,31756892,Posted: 14 May,all,ikadorus,"You can't  even imagine what you are missing by not playing this gem,"
76561198043599853,Recommended,588650,31771264,Posted: 15 May,all,kagirinaiIX,Great game so far. Love the atmosphere and art. Couple of QoL I would like to see in a future update; 21:9 support and esc not be used as enter key on main menu.
,Recommended,588650,31771118,Posted: 15 May,all,TUTI,"14 hours and counting, great game, difficult, some minor bugs but nothing too serius. Great fun"
76561197978211975,Recommended,588650,31782310,Posted: 15 May,all,Impy Wobbles,Immense.
76561197971029213,Recommended,588650,31782241,Posted: 15 May,all,Desecrated,fun rogue like side scroller. well executed and addicting
76561198033928045,Recommended,588650,31786568,Posted: 16 May,all,TfrickinM,"Old fashioned fun in a new package, but what a package. Great atmosphere and lots of room for fun even if you die a lot."
,Recommended,588650,31796426,Posted: 16 May,all,GOZERAAAH,"This is a good game. Needs way more content, but what is there is brilliant."
,Recommended,588650,31796642,Posted: 16 May,all,Gin,It's good.
,Recommended,588650,31796764,Posted: 16 May,all,DudeInBasement,"My first review. I never do this, but wanted to show my support for this gem. Wow. This game really captures the best of metroidvenia games and rogue likes.. its REALLY great! I've found no bugs so far and played 4 hour now."
,Recommended,588650,31795663,Posted: 16 May,all,SaltySeaWolf,Simply amazing and addicting AF!
76561198034048182,Recommended,588650,31795477,Posted: 16 May,all,ThisProfileNameIsReallyLong,"First Impressions - I'll update this review once I have played more of the game -My first impressions for the game are fantastic the game is fluid. Generally a blast with a mix of 2D souls exploration and combat and vania style platforming, items and pace. It's fun and while there isn't many bosses so far they are just as you would expect. A few issues I have with the game are just my own opinion and shouldn't really deter you from picking this up.- It's early access and feels like early access -Not that this is a bad thing but while many early access games come out in a far worse state than this one you can see where corners were cut to fund it's development. Many EA games usually have a completed story or the basic mechanics in place. This doesn't you can see with the limited selection of items and areas. Make sure before you buy this isn't a full game it will be developed on. Not to say that what is here isn't fantastic because it is and still well worth the asking price.- Improvments -A few things I would change would be the fact that in some areas hoards of mobs come after you and it's almost physically impossible to deal with that many mobs so much so some deaths do feel cheap. This game shines in it's 1v1 or 1v a few combat as I understand it's the nature of the game but some times I just felt I died because you know I happened to run into 20 mobs at that one point.- Add a shop in the rest area -Not to compare two different games but other lites like gungeon, boi and even Rogue Legacy have some way to buy items for the next area many times I got through through the first few areas with the base sword after failing to find any upgrades for it. Maybe I wasn't exploring enough or maybe I haven't unlocked it yet but I felt starved and underpowered in some areas which made the game difficult but that is also the nature of the genre I just wish I could at buy some items with that 5000 gold I had and couldn't spend it on anything. Like I always felt I had too much money and not enough ways to spend it. Causing it to become a comodity like ""oh I have loads of gold oh well"". This is why unified methods such as Souls in Dark Souls where you spend the same currency on upgrades and items. However the souls in this game are perfect it's just gold feels behind.Based on my first hour or so of play."
76561198105472987,Recommended,588650,31783257,Posted: 16 May,all,anchronix,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Artwork is awesome, Combat is awesome, Animations are awesome. Plays like a charm! Doesn't feel like early access. This is how you do it, great job ""Motion Twin"". Rogue-lite elements remind me of Rogue Legacy (Which is a pretty awesome game, too).If you like RPGs, Rogue-ish / fast paced games, Castlevania and PixelArt in general you have to buy this! Worth every penny!And do yourself a favor: Use a Controller ;)"
76561197977535275,Recommended,588650,31784198,Posted: 16 May,all,Kaylexandria,"*Early Access Review*----------------------5/16/17: This is exactly what I've been looking for in a Metroidvanai/rogue-ish-ish-ish game, Ive only played a little bit so far so will edit as necessary.I havent ran into any weird bugs yet and combat feels very fluid.  It's def about memorizing patterns so is also ""souls-ish"" in that way.  Could see some more weapons, I know they need to be unlocked but I wonder exactly how many there will be.----------------------"
,Recommended,588650,31782009,Posted: 15 May,all,Pish,"Dead Cells is one of those few Early Access games boasting a ton of playable contents with only a few minor bugs lingering around early in development. More contents have been planned to be added within the next months until its full release.The major feature that makes this game very fun is its Soul-like combat system which you need to master to get past deadly enemies, which includes normal ones, elites and bosses.It's not as hard as Dark Souls but everything that moves in Dead Cells(except for, of course, your character and the NPCs) will kill you and you will die a lot and it's permanent(permadeath). You will lose everything when you die, except for the skill, item and weapon upgrades and unlockables."
76561198036584984,Recommended,588650,31782702,Posted: 16 May,all,austin.murray27,It is a very addictive game that reminds me a lot of a side scrolling dark souls game. The weapon system can be a little unforgiving at times (Being 3 rooms deep and still using the starting sword) but if you enjoy a decent challange that will punish mistakes i highly reccomend this game.
,Recommended,588650,31795446,Posted: 16 May,all,assassinswake,"Stunning 2-D graphics with amazing gameplay. Even though I suck at this game I have still become addicted as I keep finding more and more weapons, items and secrets throughout the levels. I really can't wait to see where this game will go in the future!"
,Recommended,588650,31795546,Posted: 16 May,all,xKinori,Only have played a few mins... interesting fun and challenger...
,Recommended,588650,31795554,Posted: 16 May,all,Filbert Canklegrab,"Harkening back to the games when the NES dominated, Dead Cells provides not only the nostalgia that seems to be the current trend amongst indie developers, but also does so in an engaging way.  For an Early Access game, it is extremely polished and I can only look forward to what they do over the next year of development."
,Recommended,588650,31797911,Posted: 16 May,all,BP,"if you liked rogue legacy, this should scratch the same itch."
76561198080534140,Recommended,588650,31797897,Posted: 16 May,all,Akrabbim,"Reviewed in Early Access:Recently I've been looking for a good side-scroller and I've played plenty of disappointments, but this game is really something special.Anyone going into this game should first be aware that the progression system is probably unlike anything they've played before.  You character becomes more powerful and acquires better weapons until you die, at which point you lose everything but a portion of your gold.  Initally this is very discouraging, but eventually you'll progress further and unlock new weapons, powers, and even permanent upgrades.  Most importantly, however, you'll learn the best strategies and weapon combinations and master the skills it takes to make it through the game.Most games in this genre have trouble making compelling combat with a single weapon, but there are literally dozens of interesting weapons in this game that demand distinct playstyles and strategies. Combat is immensely satisfying, where only a few hits can kill you, but retaliating quickly against your attackers can give you back your precious lost health.   While balancing isn't perfect, and there are enemies that are truly frustrating till you learn the ins and outs, it's suprisingly fluid when you become adept with your favorite weapons.It took me roughly 34 hours to get to the point where I was able to defeat the second (and at this point, last) available boss. I consider myself fairly skilled at this type of game, so suffice to say this isn't an easy one. It is, however, refreshingly unique.  Unlike Castlevania, every playthrough is a little different.  Unlike Dark Souls, the difficulty comes solely from the enemies and level design, not from your character being an invalid.  And unlike most games of it's kind, you never get to choose exactly what weapons you'll have at your disposal, so you have to be adaptable and think on your feet.Well worth what you're currently paying for it, and the developers seem eager to listen to player feedback and improve.  You're in for quite a ride."
76561198106098694,Recommended,588650,31798773,Posted: 16 May,all,Synthwave,this game is amazing really recommended especially when its on sale. great gameplay great soundtrack.Its a bit difficult to strat with but thats what makes you want to keep playing 10/10
76561198113737580,Recommended,588650,31798791,Posted: 16 May,all,WeIrD MeMs,"10/10 I love this game, it has unique enemys, items among other things, all the equipment is unique and fun to use. This game is fun to repeat and I reccomend i to all."
,Recommended,588650,31864174,Posted: 20 May,all,YoungPillowCase,"i highly reccommend playing this game, its a lot of fun and very in depth with level design."
,Recommended,588650,31856381,Posted: 20 May,all,rDin,Terrific!
,Recommended,588650,31850177,Posted: 19 May,all,mon0,issa goodgame
,Recommended,588650,31856031,Posted: 20 May,all,ZBoi,"TLDR: This game is exceptionally amazing for an early access game. Fans of Dark Souls, Salt and Santuary, and similar games will enjoy this :) 10/10 would let my body be desecrated again.Special shoutout to the developers for being awesome, as if this were made by the guys who made COD or Assassin's Creed, they would have released it now as a full game and use the rest as DLC. That is how polished the game feels so far.The combat is fluid, the artstyle is nostalgic (pixel art ftw), and the difficulty scales pretty well the more you play.The only qualm I have is that I wish there was a way to make players have a higher chance of getting the items that we want, thus not completely removing the random rouge-like element of drops. Also, as of right now I feel that shields are kinda useless (maybe its just me. beat the early access with lightning bolts and dodging).Well worth the money spent. Can't wait for it to be 100% completed!"
76561198135799167,Recommended,588650,31856957,Posted: 20 May,all,Iron Virgin,"Dead Cells Is one of best rogue-lite game. Cobat is flud and fast paced. Most of irrataing thing in rogue-lite games is that you havbe to start form begging, Developers come up with great idea giving you runes thanks to them you can skip 1 or  2 levlers.  Top-notch game!"
76561198200876947,Recommended,588650,31865469,Posted: 20 May,all,JeffAdrien18,Best game cali♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,588650,31863293,Posted: 20 May,all,doughboy,Amazing.
76561197975073524,Recommended,588650,31863891,Posted: 20 May,all,Onion,"This game takes the variety and tactics of a castlevania game and seamlessly integrates it with the rogue-like formula. This mashing of mechanics actually makes the game feel a lot more like a classic side scrolling beat 'em up, where after you've used your three lives you start back from the beginning.What keeps it fresher than those beat 'em ups from playthrough to playthrough is the unlocks system; whatever you unlock you keep from one playthrough to the next. Because each level is randomly generated there are different challenges from playthrough to playthough as well. The weapons and equipment are also random so you must learn to use each combination of equipment.What really could have killed this game is bad controls, but the controls are quick and responsive. You always feel in complete control and when you die it's because you made a mistake not because the game screwed you. However the game can screw you in other ways, the randomly generated areas means that you could end up facing a 12 foot tall skeleton knight with your back to spikes and swinging mace balls. I think it enhances the game though, each new room is like a puzzle you have to solve in a few seconds with the random equipment you've found and purchased in that playthrough or die."
76561198021474743,Recommended,588650,31862425,Posted: 20 May,all,StillMoon,Rogue legacy but better
76561198013295943,Recommended,588650,31864693,Posted: 20 May,all,Charlie Traplin,"I've never written a review for a game before, but honest Dead Cells has completely blown me away already, even as an early access title. You can absolutely feel the love and soul that's been poured into every aspect of this game so far, from the variety and beauty of the environments to the tight but fluid feel of the combat. Much like the Souls series the game is rough and will punish you if you get cocky or you enter a battle unprepared, but it will never feel unfair. I found myself being frustrated at myself frequently rather than the usual ""this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" that would come from my mouth in other titles. The game makes you FEEL like you ♥♥♥♥ed up, but that it's doable. And it is just that, it's doable, as long as you're willing to put in the effort and take your time.The satisfaction you can get from absolutely stomping through a level without getting hit is immense, and comes with time and practice. From learning the moves and tells of enemies, and from the upgrades that you earn through the increase in skill you'll gain as you continue playing. Souls veterans will adore this game for it's gameplay and cryptic story, and rogue-like enthusiasts will love the quick combat and variance of each run as you progress and learn the new weapons and movesets. And if you're neither, and this is the first rogue-like you've seen and you're thinking about playing it, then I genuinely think you couldn't better spend your money on this title. They absolutely knocked it out of the park, and I personally feel that full release can't come soon enough."
,Recommended,588650,31872366,Posted: 20 May,all,biri biri,"9/10 game. Just needs more content and it will come with time so it will be one of the best in its genre eventually.If you like rogue legacy, momodora 3, or castlevania SOTN then you are in for a treat. This game has very good controls, music, animations etc... HIGHLY reccomended ."
,Recommended,588650,31871877,Posted: 20 May,all,FloopiFloop,"What, you die allot and dont like to repeat? well i think you need this thing called GIT GUDBugs i found so far:An elite monster died from an elevator and the item gliched under the map cause the elevator pushed it lulAt the underground of the graveyard i got hit and did the jump down smash and somehow gliched to the second or even third floor was like a cool speedrunner moment in gamesdonequick lulif you have a generic controller and have a problem using it configure it in steam big picture"
76561197970293432,Recommended,588650,31872039,Posted: 20 May,all,Abecedarius Rex,"This game is superb! The combat is well polished, and leaves you feeling like a bad♥♥♥♥♥.. right up until you get ground to death by the hordes in the later levels, or straight murdered when you understimate the baddies. The level up system is fun and easy, and the unlockable gear that gives you some sense of progress is deeply interesting and reward. As a person who generally hates roguelikes, I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,588650,31872451,Posted: 20 May,all,Stupid Catto In a Box,"Great game, its 2D Dark Souls. However the beggining part of having to go through lots of places just to get to a boss gets really repetitive."
76561198202067231,Recommended,588650,32399990,Posted: 13 June,all,Foolsgold,Love it!
,Recommended,588650,32400211,Posted: 13 June,all,B.Miller,"One of my most played indies in the recent time. Quick, unforgiving and highly addictive. Just one more run. Just 5 more cells from the next level. Just this only additional try.It's great. I love it. But make sure to bring a controller with you. Steam controller works. But 360 and PS4-Controllers work even better. Get it before its release for that extra saving. And honor this incredible dev team, which work tightly together with the community. Can't wait to see the next content updates and market additions (want a green cell emoji so bad ...)!"
,Recommended,588650,32328009,Posted: 10 June,all,Dysprosium66,"This game is awesome! The combat is so satasfying and the gameplay is addicting, one thing to remember is that this game is very difficult.  You will die alot. The only things that remain after death are upgrades from the cell collecter. Amazing but difficulty is an attribute you need to consider. 9/10 I'm planning to double my playtime in the coming weeks. *EDIT* Now that the elemental update is out, there is much more to play, I'm giving the update a 10/10 and raising the game to 9.5/10 because this is awesome! The whole fire system is awesome with the ability to lay oil to increase fire attack, great job cells! Too bad they're dead..."
76561198045257888,Recommended,588650,32397796,Posted: 13 June,all,jackson.k.womack,"Looking forward to more content- with that said, it's absolutely excellent as-is, and I haven't come close to finishing or unlocking everything that is available! I'd recommend playing with a controller. Been having a lot of fun with this one the past few nights."
,Recommended,588650,32403409,Posted: 13 June,all,Kudakitsune,"Absolutely amazing despite how short it is thus far. It doesnt take very long to get to the end, but the fluidity of combat and platforming is impeccable. There is also a decent array of items with differing random perks to them and it is very easy to just start after dying as there is hardly a load screen between the loop. All in all for an early access game I believe for the full release this will be a gem if it isn't already"
,Recommended,588650,32185792,Posted: 4 June,all,2K like a man--dont glitch,"This is a fantastic game. After only a few hours of playing it, I can say that if the Devs keep doing what their doing, they may have a true classic on their hands.First, this game is hard. If you grew up playing apps on your momma's phone, you might complain.Next, if you like this retro style, rouge-like gameplay (die and ressurect) but it plays like castlevania, metdroid and those types of games, you're going to love this.I can't wait to keep playing it."
,Recommended,588650,32374199,Posted: 12 June,all,Karim,Quite difficult... to stop playing it !
,Recommended,588650,32370971,Posted: 12 June,all,Snow,"Definitely the only early access game that feels complete. If you like games such as Rogue Legacy, Salt and Sanctuary, and Dark Souls, this is for you, and each update has made the game even better so far."
76561197962051932,Recommended,588650,32397195,Posted: 13 June,all,MastaZ,"Great game, very addictive and brings back old castlevania feels when playing it on SNES as a kid felt so special and exciting."
,Recommended,588650,32378231,Posted: 12 June,all,Taxidermy,"Fantastic. A crossbreed of Salt & Sanctuary and Rogue Legacy. Very gratifying gameplay and steep difficulty curve. However, it's a little repetative."
,Recommended,588650,32396512,Posted: 13 June,all,Gordon Gekko,"2d diablo + shovel knight, really fun, good price too."
,Recommended,588650,32417076,Posted: 14 June,all,OniKai,"Heh, played it 21.5 hours before getting a lil bored, usually it's 3-5 hours and bored, this I can play over and over again, really reminds me of castlevania, also the new update is great, look forward to supporting these guys on their next release, keep up the good work."
76561198109066027,Recommended,588650,32073217,Posted: 30 May,all,Lusus Naturae,"I don't really play any roguelikes or other types of games from this genre, I just bought this because I wanted a hack and slash game where I can just cut down foes for pure satisfaction while also still putting in more effort than mashing the attack button like you see in most other games. I was a bit skeptical at first because it's early access but decided to buy it anyway."
,Recommended,588650,32418734,Posted: 14 June,all,GeoffSmites,Very early Castlevania.Addicting and good.
,Recommended,588650,32419411,Posted: 14 June,all,Peperoni Quattro,"Learn, adapt, survive"
,Recommended,588650,32187126,Posted: 4 June,all,meatz666,"i ♥♥♥♥in love this game.Metroidvania with roguelike.A dark souls kinda theme.lots of weapons and gameplay styles.Just needs more weapons/abilities combos, like te phase with assassin dagger, its cool to combo."
,Recommended,588650,32186961,Posted: 4 June,all,cryingpooper,I FLIPPIN LOVE THIS GAME!!! THIS IS MY FAV STEAM GAME!!!
76561198038711601,Recommended,588650,32189020,Posted: 4 June,all,Booty Warrior,Basically 8-bit Darksouls
,Recommended,588650,32185702,Posted: 4 June,all,Bernie,i think its really fun specially the beta mode with all the new things but there are some bugs for example you can float with the assassin's blade (pls patch could be abused) and its overall a really fun offline game
,Recommended,588650,32182308,Posted: 4 June,all,Octave,The games only in pre release stages and yet it still has tons of content and plenty of replayability due to it being a rogue like.  The game manages to also give the player a sense of progression through runs by giving abilitys and unlockable weapons that stay unlocked even after dying.
76561198027185147,Recommended,588650,32189972,Posted: 4 June,all,Aerthos,"For a game in ""Early Release"" Dead Cells is already very much a polished product. The controls are incredibly responsive, and the core gameplay loop is nice and tight. This is a roguelike that will have you feeling like you're playing a game at the arcade, but you will slowly grow in power as you unlock runes and new weapons. With a little bit of the level-jumping ala SMB3 you can potentially go from level 1 to 4 to 5 to 7 and beyond, so every game is as fresh and dangerous as you make it."
76561197998872316,Recommended,588650,32163339,Posted: 3 June,all,edibletrex,"10 / 10.  For those of us who've been craving a new Symphony of the Night, it's right here and it starts at $17.  And if anyone finds where I can get more content by throwing more money at it, please let me know... worth EVERY Penny."
,Recommended,588650,32164553,Posted: 3 June,all,m0s,"One of these excellently made indie games that you can't stop playing. Excellent controls, nice animations, on spot difficulty; very addictive. I wasn't this hooked since good ol' Risk Of Rain."
76561198083510668,Recommended,588650,32165565,Posted: 3 June,all,TheFlyingFlamingo,I got a lot more hours than what it shows. This game is great i love it! Think Dank Souls had a baby with Devil May Cry i love it so much its sooo challenging yet easy at the same time. I only write reviews when i really like the games i play and this one i have to say its pretty high on my favorite steam games list. Thank you so much for such a badass gameIf your unsure wether to get this gmae or not just fak it! Get the game already!
,Recommended,588650,32165638,Posted: 3 June,all,fuckernut,"I am usually bored with most side scrolling pixel games. Cave Story is good. But Dead Cells caught my atention. It's Pixel but it's animations look 3D. It's very well made but sometimes it slows down and not cooperaties. But I've noticed that when I got angry, i was less confused on health and more on gaining cells/souls. Which made me die more. This is one of the coolest metroidvania games ever! (besides Cave Story)"
76561198010459457,Recommended,588650,32166381,Posted: 3 June,all,Ouros,"Fun game. Took certain good parts from metroid, symphony of the night, and rogue legacy to make a good game. Solid fun."
,Recommended,588650,32167725,Posted: 3 June,all,GamingGrandpa,R.I.P. geraldhe made it far and beat the black bridgegot obliterated by the pink zombies
,Recommended,588650,32167264,Posted: 3 June,all,Nergal,"Hey, it's pretty goodDon't ♥♥♥♥ it up tho."
,Recommended,588650,32155332,Posted: 3 June,all,Lemony,amazing indie game. Very fast paced and you will love the items that you find in the game. Cant wait for more content
76561198053975973,Recommended,588650,32155149,Posted: 3 June,all,Fat grills and feeders,"Tight controls solid progression plenty of ways to feel like a badass, plenty more ways to die. 10/10"
,Recommended,588650,32166784,Posted: 3 June,all,Buster,Man oh man. I'm old and jaded and I buy too many games that I put 20 minutes into and never touch again. It's been a while since a game got its hooks into me like this one has. It's like Dark Souls and Symphony of the Night had a beautiful 8 pound 6 ounce baby.
76561198115281795,Recommended,588650,32166940,Posted: 3 June,all,cherry,♥♥♥♥ing great
76561198114759853,Recommended,588650,32195803,Posted: 5 June,all,Night King,"This game is what a platformer should be, very addictive and fun."
76561197972338759,Recommended,588650,32162593,Posted: 3 June,all,Kineptic,Incredibly polished fighting gameplay and addictive re-playability. It already has an incredible amount of polish for a game that looks to add so much more. I started following the game as part of a Let's Play series and watching hours of constant progression but ultimately failure made me know that this would scratch an itch that had in the past been satisified by hours in FTL and Isaac. There's a great deal of gameplay variety already and a whole lot more potential here. Definitely worth the buy in EA if you're into the genre.
,Recommended,588650,32169358,Posted: 3 June,all,Screaming Yeti,"Lots of fun, not sure how much content there is so far, but I haven't ran out yet. Generally I don't recommend early access games, but this one I do."
76561198045862291,Recommended,588650,32182999,Posted: 4 June,all,Batoust,"This is a great game!As a Souls fan I really loved it, it reminds me Bloodborne in its fast-paced fights.I really like the art and the ambiance it conveys.100% would recommend!"
,Recommended,588650,32184586,Posted: 4 June,all,redfieldalbert44,"this game is fun, challenging, and beautiful! i thoroughly recomend it!"
,Recommended,588650,32169550,Posted: 3 June,all,Sturmjaeger,"After playing the game for 12 hours, I gotta say I was hooked.Pros:+ Graphics+ Music - ambient but appropriate+ Gameplay Controls - even that the developers recommend using a controller, it worked well for me on mouse and keyboard+ Game Mechanics - extremely satisfying to figure out custom builds and what kinds of skills you want to specialize inCons:- You may not have a life.CHANGED REVIEW TO MUST BUY SINCE BETA FIXED ALL THIS.Conclusion: Buy it now. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,588650,32200034,Posted: 5 June,all,cluelessgamer3,This is a really amazing game and really fun to play. My only problem is that the game doesn't work with my laptop's graphics card yet. I can still play it but it has alot of graphical errors.
,Recommended,588650,32200733,Posted: 5 June,all,Zombie Jesus,"I didn't think I would enjoy this game. I'm sorry. While being far from balanced, Dead Cells manages to be a difficult game that feels more visceral than almost every other game on the market. Its environments are beautiful and compelling and I can't wait until they implement more story elements."
76561198027263117,Recommended,588650,31944085,Posted: 24 May,all,DEADMAN,"Amazing fun. Great art, great gameplay, great design. All around solid package. AAA developers should take note. This is how it is done. A must have for any Castlvania: SotN and/or Metroid fans.I can't wait to see what they add to what feels like a very complete again already.I highly recommend!9/10"
,Recommended,588650,31945162,Posted: 24 May,all,xeronius,"Dead Cells is 100% bananas *** good. In the week I've been playing, I've only run into one ""early access moment,"" in which the input via controller and keyboard stopped for a min, but I am not even sure that was the game itself. Hell, I lost 4 hours of progression due to a steam cloud sync issue, and I didnt even care, because I got to do it all over again.It's polished as hell, only $15 bucks, and I desperately need other people to throw money St the makers so it can somehow be even better upon official release. If you like Castlevania or Rogue Legacy, or wanted to see what the offspring of Castlevania and Rogue Legacy banging would look like, it's this.In closing, I leave you with a pro-tip: Meat Grinder + Magnetic Grenade. You won't be disappointed."
76561198001781029,Recommended,588650,31942203,Posted: 24 May,all,lpciper,"Just buy this gem of a game.. For me it was an impulse buy.. but what a great buy it was! I bought it for the wonderfull presentation, but the face really matches the freaking heart! BUY THIS NOW! :)"
76561198016930676,Recommended,588650,31940354,Posted: 24 May,all,l I a IVI,This is the next must have in a steam library. It hits all the buttons for someone who loves the rougelegacy type game
,Recommended,588650,31937926,Posted: 24 May,all,Corporate Lackey,0.5 hours... 5 deaths...  What am I doing with my life?
76561198007741146,Recommended,588650,31938056,Posted: 24 May,all,Goos,"This game is very polished. I appreciate the attention to details. I've only played for a little bit, and have already died many times, but each death feels unique and meaningfull. The developers did a good job with this title. I recommend it."
,Recommended,588650,31944632,Posted: 24 May,all,ThatDarkFox,"This game is absolutely amazing! I would recommend it to anyone, who is a fan of rogue-like games!"
76561198031288245,Recommended,588650,31943738,Posted: 24 May,all,Echozs,"I've put thousands of hours into roguelites over the years and this game is climbing up my list of favorties and I haven't even played the full game yet.  It gives a great feeling of progression and discovery.  It's a game filled with mystery from the different routes and enemies to the wide array of weapons and skills, which keeps me coming back for more.The combat feels precise and skillbased while never being unfair, at least where I'm at now anyway, not sure about the last level.  Overall, the game is a great package at the moment and has the potential to be one of the best roguelites out there hanging with the likes of Isaac and Spelunky."
,Recommended,588650,31944405,Posted: 24 May,all,ZeroMargin,Possibly one of the most polished rogue-lites I have played in recent memory.  Controls are responsive and there is a constant feeling of progress as you play.
,Recommended,588650,31944771,Posted: 24 May,all,bad at tf2,"I haven't bought many games this year so far and I rarely even write reviews. This however. This game is a masterpiece so far. The feels of this game is so satisfying, the music is incredible, the art style is godly and I just love everything about it. I haven't seen a game this good in a while. IMO, this might be the best game of the year. This is such an amazingly good game that I legitimately cannot wait for the devs to release new content, and I'm barely even finished the game. I don't write reviews often, but I feel it's just necessary for me to let everyone know that this game really is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,588650,31946158,Posted: 24 May,all,Ashman,"My first Early Access purchase and it's better than most full release games already.Combat is tight, level design is fun and the whole visual aesthetic just works. Love it."
76561198041748200,Recommended,588650,32019775,Posted: 28 May,all,Valzul,Very well done super nervous game.Very well pollished for a pre-release I think very close of the final experience.Well done guys!!
,Recommended,588650,32018726,Posted: 28 May,all,Chise,"Played it for 7 solid hours the day I bought it. It's a very addictive, enjoyable roguelike game and very polished for an early access. Controls are great, graphics are nice and there is a good variety of enemies. Great value for the money."
,Recommended,588650,32023050,Posted: 28 May,all,PabstOban,This in my opinion... is the greatest Roguelike since The Binding of Issac.It is currently in early release... let's hope the build we have is rough and there is so much more to come.The combat system is so tight and satisfying.If only we could get a 2D sequel to Castlevania Symphony of the Night with this style of combat... that would be my gaming zen.Don't pass this one up! 9/10 even in its incomplete state.
76561198069117823,Recommended,588650,32022944,Posted: 28 May,all,Gass Boi,"Insanely fun, progressive, and overall interesting game."
,Recommended,588650,31995799,Posted: 27 May,all,Bun,"This is honestly the best purchase i've made on steam in a long time, well worth the cost i could honestly spend days just running through dungeons. AND ITS ONLY IN EARLY ACCESS. If you have the time definitely consider this gem its worth it"
76561198060130799,Recommended,588650,31998510,Posted: 27 May,all,brendanw215,"At first I bought the game on a whim, and because I wanted to try something new while also playing a kind of mark of the ninja style game (which the game only looks like not plays like). But after playing it for a couple of hours, I can say that I'm completely engrossed in the game. At times I get frustrated cuz I died a lot at first, and even when I thought I had gotten pretty good I would go into another area and get immediately killed. It really is challenging and the bosses are great, I once accidently went to what I can only assume is the final boss stage and got the ever living daylights beaten out of me. It's a fun game and I haven't really encountered any bugs, nor have I even completed and collected half of the things that are in the game. I see the images on the store page and wonder when I'll be able to obtain the blueprints for them, it interests me and drives me to play the game more. Though after dying quite a few times I do admit I did stop playing it for that day, but the very next day I was back in the dungeon fighting for cells. To me the game offers a way to curb my boredom, but not to the extent that I would constantly be playing it. I already find the current version enjoyable, with the challenging ""no checkpoint"" style, and randomly generated level design, so that not everything seems the same. And the game is still in early access, I can't wait to see what else they'll add in later versions."
,Recommended,588650,32004006,Posted: 27 May,all,Fabio: the Amazin Azn~,"Great game for early access. Great gameplay. Love the art and style. If you like replayability, this is the game."
,Recommended,588650,31999319,Posted: 27 May,all,Steppo,"Got it recommended by a friend, playing it since, very nice mechanics.You get used to the controller very fast.With more content to come, this game got me hyped. :)"
,Recommended,588650,32002239,Posted: 27 May,all,^0          MW2_G0D,cells on fire yo
76561198052264752,Recommended,588650,31677721,Posted: 10 May,all,Entity.Prefab,"It's in early access but its easily worth the price, has more content and replayability then any other early access game I've bought."
76561198274774744,Recommended,588650,31986269,Posted: 26 May,all,Parzival,Only a few hours in and this game feels like an instant classic.
76561198017835230,Recommended,588650,31982712,Posted: 26 May,all,deltachi205,"Turrets OP.  Just finished a run that lasted over an hour and went to the graveyard with my lvl 1 weapon.  Just turrets and biters almost the entire way.  Throw em both in and wait to collect your lewt.  Its a cheese strategy but while building up gear and items its killer.Played 7 hours so far and I'm addicted.  In those 7 hours I think I got up to use the bathroom once.  Wow, now I'm realizing just how hungry I am.  Gotta leave it there before I pass out.  Buy this game."
76561198075368535,Recommended,588650,31982584,Posted: 26 May,all,Fran,"This is the only review i have ever written for a game at Steam. This game deserves all the praise.I have been a Castlevania freak for years, SOTN being my favorite one because of the weapon and weapon art variety. In Dead Cells you have even more. You can play the game differently with every single set up you have, and you dont get every set up every time, which means no crissaegrim shenanigans like SOTN, no best builds. The weapon modifiers remind me of Diablo, in the sense that two of the same itens are not equal, and that makes the experience a lot deeper.  Despite being early acess you'll alredy have a full game in your hands. Devs give you a bug warning message at the start, but it's less buggy than any ubysoft or bethesta game you buy, so, great stuff.The game has only one thing to do with dark souls, and one only, if that is what you are here for. It has a freaking huge learning curve. The game will not hold your hand and guide you, and you have to learn to fight every monster, find a strat for every elite and boss. It's amazing.This game deserves a good campaign, but it's just the completionist SOTN fan in me."
76561198043933490,Recommended,588650,31982743,Posted: 26 May,all,Superz Purez,"AmazingTHIS is so far the first permanet upgrade game ive seen that has gotten the system right (except for the lack of more miscellaneous upgrades). I adore the mixture of 2D models  with 3D motion. The infinte combinations of loadouts, the best part is that i so far have not found a item that you could consider useless, i just cant stop playing this game and i cant wait to see what new and inventive items that we will find later in updates. Now onto the things that (I think) need to be tweaked. i want to strangle whoever thought up those kamikaze bats in the sewers because I lost count of how many deadcells i have lost to those ♥♥♥♥ers mabye reducing their speed so they aren't faster than us would help. Also the bats with sythe hands are so annoying consdiering you like to put them in packs of 5, lowering their attack speed would make them less of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to fight. While i get that the game is meant to be difficult and requires grinding i believe that these enemies are unalanced for the area that they are found in and are hard to counter with the upgrades that you are given. all in all i think that this game is great and i recommend it to anyone who likes games where you get to run around a dungeon obliterating everything you see even if you dont like rougelikes. Cant wait to see how you change the game in the future."
76561198006181835,Recommended,588650,31986978,Posted: 26 May,all,Miller02,Amazing game! One of my best games this year by far.
76561198055646217,Recommended,588650,31979426,Posted: 26 May,all,zabersuv,the only rogue like that is actually skill based that i enjoyed
,Recommended,588650,31978925,Posted: 26 May,all,Bixomatic,"I'm loving this game. It feels great, looks amazing, and is way deeper than I originally thought it would be. Can't wait to see where this goes as it gets further into development!One note: you'll probably enjoy this game more if you use a controller."
,Recommended,588650,31980583,Posted: 26 May,all,Scase is KING of Narwhals,"This is hands down probably one of the best games I've ever played. As a roguelike it perfectly balances difficulty and perma death, I can't think of any times I felt cheated when i died, all deaths are fully in your control. The items and abilities are varied and very good, I did however find some of them much easier to progress with (Saw blades/turret/magnet/throwing knives.)The game is incredibly well polished and the designs are fantastic and so very very addictive. The controls are the crispest I've ever touched. If you are a fan of Castlevania Symphony of the Night, you will love this.10/10 Buy now. This game is better in EA than most finished games."
76561198126238003,Recommended,588650,31980635,Posted: 26 May,all,axl1936,amazing game very very fun and infinte replayabilty.
,Recommended,588650,31979213,Posted: 26 May,all,Mr. Movies,"I have only played for about an hour now, but so far I am thoroughly impressed. One of my favorite games is Risk of Rain and for a long while I have been hoping for another game like it.This is that game.It's challenging while being extremely rewarding. Every playthrough is new to you and the game remains fresh. 10/10."
76561198025147874,Recommended,588650,31977294,Posted: 26 May,all,FRΛYΞ,"Crazy awesome and addictive game. I've apparently already clocked in 22 hours :-OEven though it's Early Access I only had one bug with OutOfBounds Issues where it couldn't load the level. Restarted the game, started a new run, didn't lose any equipment or item progress. So no problem whatsoever.Excellent quality so far. Looking forward to the first patch."
,Recommended,588650,31820200,Posted: 18 May,all,The One True Autist,git gud.
,Recommended,588650,31988415,Posted: 26 May,all,owenzinn,"I have about 14 hours plays as I write this review. I recomend this game, I am really enjoying it even though it is still in early access. Each level design is cool and unique . The art style plays to fond nostalgia. Its a good game to get in on the ground floor. You can start doing runs: mastering levels and upgrading your heath flask, gold you can keep and unlocking and upgrading new items. Really fun, highly recomended."
76561198045646308,Recommended,588650,31777520,Posted: 15 May,all,SuperKnödel,"+Amazing Artwork+Statisfying combat+deep progression system=Great gameThere is enough in it to justify the price tag right now, but once they add the additional content this one is really going to go down as one of the best Rogue-lites."
,Recommended,588650,31777013,Posted: 15 May,all,BodaciousGnarly6969,"Yes, it is worth it in it's current state. The gameplay is some of the best out there. It's a must for Rouge-lite fans."
,Recommended,588650,31776842,Posted: 15 May,all,kaliroots,Pure bliss.
76561198033693647,Recommended,588650,31776516,Posted: 15 May,all,Lunatic!,"THE GOODEpic combat with fluid mechanics and responsive controls.Great variety of weapons and skills, leading to multiple combinations in between.All weapons and skills complement each other differently.Play-style changes quite dramatically depending on your load-out.Enemy variety is good for an early access title.Every run is unique.Clearing areas is satisfying.Music is ON SPOT! Excellent soundtrack selection for both the genre and the game theme. Love it!Beautiful pixel art quality graphics with great attention to detail!UNCAPPED FRAME-RATE = 300~400 FPS! High refresh rate monitor owners with G-Sync / Free-Sync will be pleased.I imagine this game would be playable in pretty much every PC with a low-end graphics card.Awesome replay value.THE BADNo support for 21:9 resolutions. Meaning you'll be stuck in 16:9 with the annoying black bars on the sides of the screen if you own an ultra-wide monitor. Honestly, I don't even understand why, since this is a PC game and not a cheap console port. On the other hand, the genre itself is perfect for wider aspect ratios and there are platform games that already take great advantage of this resolutions. (""Ori and the blind forest"" just to name a good one).I would love to see 21:9 aspect ratio implemented and supported in the near future, since adding such a feature is relatively simple and shouldn't be that problematic.RATING9/10This is a instant classic for me, a gem and a must buy for every fan of the genre.I absolutely recommend this game and can't wait to see more content for it.I only hope the devs keep up putting more love into this quality work."
76561198015670208,Recommended,588650,31777657,Posted: 15 May,all,TheJester0673,"21 Hours in, this game tickles things in me, from many games I adore.  Even though its in ""Early Access"",  the game for me has had very few bugs. Its slick looking, animations are well done. Sure there are soemthings that need to be tweaked, sure at times you think/yell ""wtf,  htis cheating mother F&^%^*iing GAME CHEATING MOFO JUST KILLED ME, I BET ITS BECAUSE I GOT THE RARE DROP"" throw your contorller moments. I find my self still comming back.  I cannot wait to see what more these folks can bring."
,Recommended,588650,31776210,Posted: 15 May,all,Samurai Jacques,very addictive and fun gameplay
76561197991734629,Recommended,588650,31775964,Posted: 15 May,all,Jnanabhasa,"This game is brilliant, fast paced and just the right level of difficulty so that its challenging but fun and gets you coming back for more. Can't wait for the full thing."
76561198013195226,Recommended,588650,31773194,Posted: 15 May,all,TalkingBull,"This game is ridiculously fun to play. I can't stop. I might need help. I can't seem to get away from my 'puter. I still need to eat, don't I? Ah, screw it... one more time and than I will quit..."
76561198052781187,Recommended,588650,31772631,Posted: 15 May,all,MERCURYBEAR,"Feel like playing Darksoul in 2D, great game for who looking for challeage."
76561198069569389,Recommended,588650,31773056,Posted: 15 May,all,WhoDatNinja,"This game is amazing, can't put it down."
,Recommended,588650,31772702,Posted: 15 May,all,Intense Doots,"One of the best Roguelite/Roguelike games I've played, especially since it's in Early Access.A suggestion for the Devs to add into the game, invincibility frames. It may lower the difficulty in some peoples' eyes, but I think it'd be nice just so you don't get stunlocked and cheaped to death by a boss or elite enemy."
76561198108593518,Recommended,588650,31773519,Posted: 15 May,all,Mc.Binladen,"Very good game, its challenging but not to the point where you want to quit"
,Recommended,588650,31786136,Posted: 16 May,all,doin me multiple concern,10/10 would die again
76561198006570636,Recommended,588650,31791026,Posted: 16 May,all,joe_mag,Love the game will keep updating my review but until then enjoy my gameplay videohttps://youtu.be/VLOFX6zbaMM
,Recommended,588650,31790855,Posted: 16 May,all,Zerogrifter,"Besides being one of the best early access games I've played. It's very stable, decent amount of game content, and has very tight ingame controls. As a long time 2D castlevania fan, this hits all the right spots for me and easily ranks as one my all time favorite rouge-lites. The enemies don't pull any punches, the items and ingame combat mechanics are really fun. I'll definitely be playing this into the dirt."
76561198064323039,Recommended,588650,31811607,Posted: 17 May,all,Xerith,"Dead Cells is the kind of game that you can get bored of, put down for half an hour, and come back feeling as if it were new all over again.Dead Cells is a great metroidvania rogue-like game that bring in beautiful graphics, EXTREMELY fluid controls and gameplay, as well as a rewarding progression system.Graphics: Personally, Dead Cells has by far some of the best pixel art animation and graphics I have ever seen. The animations are extremely fluid, and work well with the environment and game type to create a stunning visual experience. You will NOT get tired of looking at this game.Gameplay: First off, I highly recommend playing with a controller. The game is definitely designed for use with a controller over a keyboard. The gameplay is fantastic. The combat system is great, you have your standard rolling to dodge system with jump capabilities and a multitude of weapons at your disposal. The first thing that caught my attention with the combat was just how smooth it operates. All of your commands are processed quickly and you feel in control at all times, which is REALLY important for this game because it's very reactive. Also, the greatest thing about the combat is that it stays fresh. The different items you use DRASTICALLY impact how you play the game and it makes the game stay alive for a long time.Sound: The music fits the maps really well. It's nothing eye popping in my opinion but it does the job and does it well. One of my favourite tracks is definitely the track when visiting the shop.Overall, I would highly recommened Dead Cells to ANYONE that is a fan of rogue-like or metroidvania titles, as well as anyone who loves action, because Dead Cells executes those genres perfectly and it would be pleasing to play for fans of either genres."
,Recommended,588650,31811802,Posted: 17 May,all,Covertghost,Just get this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198056882015,Recommended,588650,31911206,Posted: 22 May,all,CMD06,Awesome stuff. Not withstanding a few bugs you should expect to encounter this is as good a rogue-like as it gets. Think Binding of Isaac + Castlevania + a couple Dark Souls elements and you've got it. Difficulty is pretty steep but fair; at least until the second boss who has an offensive amount of HP.
,Recommended,588650,31911583,Posted: 22 May,all,Human Cheesecake,The graphics are nice.
,Recommended,588650,31905042,Posted: 22 May,all,Der Sniffler,Very nice design. The very first roguelike slayer I really enjoy. It's quite hard but fair.
,Recommended,588650,31925436,Posted: 23 May,all,AgentX,"Lots of fun combat in this game! Reminds me somewhat of Castlevania Symphony of the Night, that I played what seems like ages ago. Vivid pixel style graphics are really good looking in this too! Made it to the first boss so far, and got destroyed when I had it to about half health. Glad to support the devs!!"
,Recommended,588650,31925574,Posted: 23 May,all,confiteor,good game for early acces
,Recommended,588650,31926382,Posted: 23 May,all,Quenchu,Amazingly Good. Take the time to get the skills and then the fun begin :D
76561197997200379,Recommended,588650,31778387,Posted: 15 May,all,Timba,"I like everything so far. Well designed game.edit:Got boring after 12 hours, but it was great till then."
76561198050392281,Recommended,588650,31893462,Posted: 21 May,all,Sundance,"Its pretty fun so far. Needs lots of new enemies and content, though. It doesn't really feel randomly generated, except on the grand scale."
,Recommended,588650,31909906,Posted: 22 May,all,hOI!!,"Sometimes you get a really good combination of items, allowing you to absolutely devastate everything on screen like an unrelenting god of destruction.Sometimes you get a bunch of sticks, stones, and optimism as your only weapons and have to suffer your way through.Regardless of your luck however, it always ends the same way.Getting sent to the shadow realm by an invisible fat hook monster hiding behind a door.10/10 would lose a duel to Pegasus again"
,Recommended,588650,31912075,Posted: 22 May,all,OneEyedJack,"If you like being punished for making mistakes, if you like leveling up in videogames, if you like 2D side scroller beat-em ups, if you like perfecting a build, if you like soul crushing deaths, if you like pixel art, if you like responsive controls,if you like touching yourselfyou'll like Dead Cells."
,Recommended,588650,31919896,Posted: 23 May,all,Dknighter,"Game is incredible, graphics, soundtrack and fighting are all amazing. The game is very difficult and has sort of a perma death mechanic but it works out great adding a ton of replayability. Very good game to kill some time."
,Recommended,588650,31926851,Posted: 23 May,all,"Vas-y, mange des pommes Ѽ","Great game, it even got me to use a controller. And I HATE controllers."
76561198390539989,Recommended,588650,31926474,Posted: 23 May,all,mr.pokechamp370,it is awesome
76561198135379976,Recommended,588650,31926651,Posted: 23 May,all,Jkik2000,"One of the best 2d side scrollers I've ever played. While I've grown increasingly weary of ""early access"" in this case it's a source of excitement. It's good as is, anything added will just take it from good to great. The words fluid and rogue like are being used to describe this game and while true, let's not forget stellar pixelated art style. It's downright inspired. Even if I don't see another update, which is unlikely, it's money well spent."
76561198195105303,Recommended,588650,31934901,Posted: 24 May,all,Mr. Deetz,"Beautiful atmosphere, amazing music, and great gameplay were the weapons feel so satisfying!"
,Recommended,588650,31710543,Posted: 12 May,all,Wotamin,Really really addictive especially the Dark Souls feel it gives .
76561197972267219,Recommended,588650,31930448,Posted: 24 May,all,Nick Nitro,awesome game until you get to the Fjord. The pirate mobs that shoot cannon balls are so broken.
,Recommended,588650,31934753,Posted: 24 May,all,Drmingmoon,"For an early access game this is pretty polished. I haven't experienced any issues. One thing I did notice is the rapier can cause you levitate at times. Not a big issue, especially if intended. Some weapons are definitely stronger than others, and getting a good combo can make the game a lot easier. Still awesome. Looking forward to new content."
76561198126005078,Recommended,588650,31943215,Posted: 24 May,all,RY33,Very fun and very unforgiving. Easy to learn and hard to put down. Love the randomized loot drops and the variety in layouts for the maps is staggering. Buy this game
76561198189630809,Recommended,588650,31987258,Posted: 26 May,all,HERE!0_0!,Very good design!
76561198019863179,Recommended,588650,31989592,Posted: 26 May,all,Dusk225,"This game is actually one of the more addicting ""roguelike"" I've played in years. I'm having a hell of a fun time playing it, even with the little amount of content that exists currently. I can't wait to see how it's going to progress in the future, and I'll be waiting for future updates, that's for sure. I'd pick it up if you're into Dark Souls, metroidvanias, Binding of Isaac, and just difficult games in general. If you want a 2D Dark Souls with a really unique art style, pick this up at full price! It's worth it!Side-note: Here's part 1 of my Let's Play of it if you want to see gameplay or something:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PY1cnRW_pbcand yes, I AM actually just trash at the game, you're not imagining things."
76561198062571496,Recommended,588650,32005085,Posted: 27 May,all,Worst Brand (†Adam†),"Highly addictive and a very good and solid buy, I am honest to god enjoying it and I've not always been a massive fan of rogue like games, I even play this with mouse and keyboard fine had no issues at all with it, it is for sure can be hard but once you get pass that it can be quite a breeze with still the possible times of you getting hammerd into the ground if you're cocky or not careful.But cannot wait until future updates to come high hopes for this game."
