user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197990449296,Recommended,588950,33759394,Posted: 23 July,all,Sir Chandler,"It is a great game, but in my opinion really held back by it's rogue-like gameplay. This could have been a more long-form RPG experience with a lot more fleshed out mechanics and could have easily been one of the biggest indie titles this year. Unfortunately I think a lot of people are going to play 3-4 times over a week, and forget about it quickly. I still recommend it, as the core game is so damn fun, just frustrating having to do it all over again, again and again..."
,Recommended,588950,35238922,Posted: 27 September,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 8.6 / 10Quality9/10High quality indie gamePerformance10/10Runs smooth; very low system requirementsUtility8/10No problems; Windows only; no cloud saveControls9/10Simple & intuitive; kb+m only makes senseGameplay8.8/10A rogue-lite in 90s Windows desktop lookChallenge8/10A bit too easy; fierce (hidden) hard modeContent8/10Few basic content, still easily 20h+ of funDiversity9/10Light-ARPG; 8 classes, unlockables, rng lootImmersion10/10Strong, due to an authentic virtual desktopDesign8/10Great overall, a well polished indie gem!Visuals9/10Neat pixelart and brilliant in-stlye retro lookSound8/10Customizable playlist; cute 16bit-like OSTTexts7/10Funny, but simple story; small event varietyMapping6/10Small maps; mostly irrelevant rng changesInterface10/10Ingenious, original & customizable retro UITested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitIntel® Core™ i7-7700K, 4 x 4.2 GHzNvidia MSI GTX 1080 (8GB DDR5)16GB DDR4 RAM; Samsung SSD (59 MB)Settings: No graphics settings availableCheck out mycurator page, if you liked this review."
76561197968436608,Not Recommended,588950,33750606,Posted: 23 July,all,Origami,"While I love the presentation and the idea behind the game, once the novelty wears off it simply doesn't have much to offer in terms of depth or variety - after about 2 hours of play, I already feel like I've seen it all.It's extremely repetitive and lacks variety all around, and doesn't really utilize the whole OS concept in clever ways. it all feels like such wasted potential; the developer could've done SO MUCH more with concept.To elaborate: the lack of ""world events"" or interesting quests is what killed it for me. since they're all text-based, I don't see why the developer couldn't cram dozens, if not hundreds of them in the game. I've come across derelict houses, bandits, witches, wanderers, and that seems to be about it. quests seemed to amount to no more than MMO-like ""bring me X of this item"" fetch quests.When those things already started repeating themselves during my first playthrough, I had a feeling it was going to get old fast, and I was right.There's a basis here for a great game, but it needs more time in the oven."
,Recommended,588950,34530348,Posted: 27 August,all,Trashbang,"Enjoyable, light, procgen RPG wearing the somewhat nostalgic guise of a Windows 3.1-style operating system, with plenty of nods to computing foibles of the era. RPGs that do playful interactions between the abstract interface and the tangible world are my jam (see also: Undertale, Super Mario RPG, etc) so I took to the combat rather swimmingly. Unfortunately it doesn't really have enough ideas up its sleeve to keep the novelty going for long, but the decidedly old-school cycle of exploring, killing, looting and selling is condensed and competent enough to hold the game together for a playthrough or two. Cute distraction."
,Recommended,588950,33665990,Posted: 19 July,all,Waluigi On A Squeegee,"Hey kids, Ever wondered what it's like to play an RPG on a windows 95 computer? Ever wondered what it would be like if you had too many windows for your small computer screen? what about having a guy that randomly closes your windows and viruses that have moving windows so you have to chase them with your cursor? This is the game for you! 10/10 please stop minimizing my status window"
,Recommended,588950,33864772,Posted: 28 July,all,SQUIDKID69,"This has a ""timer"". After a while, a shadow starts covering the whole map. In time, if you stay in the shadow for too long, a very strong mob appears and, most likely, kills you. I enjoyed the game up until that point. I know you're supposed to replay the game many times to get stronger, but I like having all the time I'd want to explore. The shadow kind of ruined it all.Overall, this game is a very unique rogue-like, but if you like not being pressured into ending the game as quickly as possible, then don't bother."
76561198066385207,Recommended,588950,33895759,Posted: 29 July,all,Legalrick2,I prefer watching my favourite live streamer (vinesauce) play it instead of me playing it.
,Recommended,588950,33706605,Posted: 21 July,all,TomⒶrky,"It's pretty fun, unique (the OS-System) and has more endings than expected.However, balancing seems to be off for some spells as you can easily get quiet OP, if you skill the right stuff (hint: stuff based on % of you mana points).It's also the first rogue-like i played where I reached one ending in my second run already so it's not that hard- at least the ending I reached.I have to say- withouth spoilers, that the ending I reached was very cool and displayed that there is not only one way to deal with the final boss.There is also some hidden stuff with riddels I have yet to figure out and it seems like there is at least one unlockable new class. You even earn reputation which can align you to be either a good or a selfish ""hero"", which is kind of cool.You can also have progression from one run to the other, as when finishing a game you earn in game crystals to unlock stuff like a master key (which affect your future runs if you choose to pick them up when starting a new one) or stuff like new fonts and hotkeys (yes you have to unlock stuff like beeing able to cycle between windows using tab) which are cosmetic or comfort things.Can't say much about long-term replayability of the game, but at least there are seems to be daily (or weekly) runs with a leaderboard I have not tried yet.Finally the game is very unique and fun, so an easy recommendation if you like rogue-likes, with quests lots of loot, interesting enemies and the idea of the interface and combat system (you can see in the trailer) is interesting for you.Be the hero the land deserves and save the land from a galactus-esk creature!"
76561197972469495,Recommended,588950,34108188,Posted: 8 August,all,Bahumot,"Underneath the unique asthetic of an early windows operating system is a surprising deep, challenging and enjoyable rogue-like RPG.I want to get some details out in front that I was confused by when I first bought the game: While the trappings of the game look like a 'sim' or 'management' game, it's actually a straight-forward, single-character RPG with what ammounts to an early Final Fantasy active-time battle system. It is also indeed a rogue-like, where you'll be dying a lot. BUT, if you have issues with rogue-likes (as I sometimes do), this game is WAY less unfair, and every playthrough has a decent chance of completing the game.The game's RPG trappings are simplistic but very well done. Explorer-like windows act as your item bags, status, and world map, and your quest looks like Outlook or other old email clients. This aesthetic is cute and doesn't wear out its welcome due to it being very functional and easy to use. The window system plays into the combat as well, as some enemy attacks appear as windows scrolling across the screen that you must click on to avoid, which is easier said than done as other windows may have priority.Speaking of combat, this is actually one of the best single-character RPG battle systems I've experienced. Your turn and the enemy turn are represented by an increasing progress bar. Some of your actions are faster than others, and the goal is often to get in as many attacks as you can and then switch on your Block action before the enemy turn comes up. This creates all sorts of strategy, and makes high-speed, agility builds viable, as you can get in many attacks before the enemy turn comes up.There are a wide variety of classes too. While you control which stat to increase, meaning you can turn your character into pretty much whatever you want, the abilities you gain and pick from is dependent on your starting class. This gives you a lot of freedom in how you want to build your character, while also making each new class you pick a different experience. You can also find items that each give you cross-class skills (Like, Fireball or Sword Mastery) when you equip them, or skill books that permenantly give you such skills. Each ending to the game unlocks a new class as well.The game is a rogue-like, which mean death comes swift and awesome, but as I stated above, it isn't as nasty as other rogue-likes. Once you learn the ins-and-outs of how the game works, a good handle on how to use a given class and know where to go to get signifigant upgrades, victory comes much more commonly than say, FTL, Rogue Legacy or Nuclear Throne and the like. Getting defeated though nets you gems you can spend on more powerful starting gifts for your next characters, and you get the option of taking one item from your dead character to use a gift to the next. Though, I feel there are only a few really useful starting gifts. Lastly, there is a time limit in the form an approaching shadow that covers the land as time passes. But this limit is not as crippling as the similar-acting Rebel Fleet in FTL, as it did not impair most of my playthroughs. Areas covered by the shadow will force you fight an increasingly powerful foe. If your quick and know what you're doing, we can survive and get back out of the shadow, or make your destination before it overcomes you.Lastly, being a rogue-like, the story is sparse and told only in snipits. At first, it's fairly standard fantasy-fair, but it has many moments of surprising nueance. The endings, while short, are occassionally surprising, and even profound, and not at all what I expected. They often repaint your entire perception of the game.I cannot recommend Kingsway enough. It's addicting fun, and it's both a properly challenging Rogue-like, while also being quite fair in giving you a chance to win once you learn its secrets. Come for the funny, nostalgic Windows 95 shell, stay for the engrossing RPG."
,Recommended,588950,33636789,Posted: 18 July,all,Thew,"I'm very impressed with this game so far.  It's old school Windows UI gimmick is used to great effect and really factors into the gameplay (it's not just for looks).The movement in the game is similar to FTL.  You travel from node to node and resolve events.  The combat is real time and can be quite frantic.PROsA large number of items to findVery well done aesthetic and designCharacter upgrades feel meaningful and satisfyingAn interesting system for buying permanent upgradesCONsCombat requires a lot of mouse dexterity, which may turn off someItem stat/level requirements are strict and can be annoyingCould use some more varieties of enemies, events and locationsI'm really hoping the developer continues to support this product with content updates in the future.  There's definitely a lack of UI driven RPGs on Steam."
,Recommended,588950,33634253,Posted: 18 July,all,Miomu,"Absolutely outstanding, A real surprise, The constant fight against the interface, and the innovative design creates for an interesting, and very refreshing gameplay experience, Considering the games price its an insane steal.The daily leaderboards/seeds will also add an interesting dynamic for the more competitive players!"
,Recommended,588950,33966552,Posted: 2 August,all,Misery,"So, as someone that's utterly loathed Microsoft's infernal OS for years now, imagine my delight when I saw a game that is effectively you VS a Windows-style OS.   The chance to STAB WINDOWS.  Yes. Yes, I wanted that.  Many things could do with a good stabbing in my opinion, but Windows more than most.And the OS aspect of the game is indeed it's prime focus.  Harking back to the glory days of Windows 3.1 or 95 (whichever you think it looks like most), the interface is what governs every aspect of the game.  But it is also what creates a huge amount of the challenge.  Everything from inventory management to combat involves about a bazillion windows, and managing the desktop-related chaos is part of what the game is about.The most chaotic aspect though is also the bit that is the most unique:  The game's combat.  Monsters appear, random battle style, whenever you are in the process of travelling from one location to another on the map.  More specifically, they appear as popup windows, because who doesnt hate popup windows?  But these arent normal annoying popups: These are popups that roam around the screen.  These enemy windows constantly move like that in various patterns depending on the enemy, which can make clicking the right buttons difficult.  Your basic actions are to attack or block.  Both enemy attacks and your own have seperate progress bars, and watching the enemy bar to know if you have time to attack, or time to use your shield (which is a toggle, actually, and complicates things) is important.  And more complicated to deal with than you might think.  You can also have two activated spells/skills equipped at any one time.  The basics of combat showcase a big part of the challenge of the game: mouse dexterity.  With these windows constantly roaming, clicking the right buttons with the right timing can be hard, particularly when they are moving fast.And this is a theme that will show up in all sorts of ways.  The game isnt content with just the whole attack/block thing.  You've got way more to deal with than just that.  Monster special abilities for instance are unique things.  A skeleton mage for instance might have a fireball attack.  In a normal game, it would simply deal damage to you or miss based on math.  In this game, it takes the form of a big window, moving in a fast arc across the screen, with an ""AVOID"" button on it.  Click the button to not be on fire.  Or it might throw the even more irritating ""wobbly curse"" window at you, or... all sorts of other things.  Basic attacks, even can have funky effects.  There are enemies that, when they hit you, have a chance at randomly minimizing one of the windows that you have open, which is just as obnoxious as it sounds.  Having your inventory window suddenly close itself just when you were about to click that crucial potion is just nasty.  And what's more, multiple enemies can appear at once, creating utter bloody chaos.  Enemies can even summon MORE monsters, or do things like split into smaller foes, or.... you get the picture.  There's alot going on with the combat here.  It's fun and visceral in it's own very unique way, and induces a special sort of panic that few games ever manage to pull off.The game is about way more than just combat though.  A big part of the game is about managing your inventory and equipment.  You'll come across all sorts of weapons and items and things, and building your character is just as important and complicated as it is in many roguelikes.  Figuring out which things to equip is not an easy task, nor is choosing what stats or skills to level up.  What's more, you can only hold so many items in any given equipment bag/window, depending on how much different things weigh.  This means for alot of careful decision making, which the game is quite good at.  There is also the travelling and exploring.  You have a big worldmap to wander around, with FTL-style waypoints and routes. When travelling between two waypoints you will get a progress bar (because of course you will), and this is when enemies have the opportunity to pop up, and when traps can be sprung (in dungeons).  The exploration aspect is very well done.  The map is huge and complicated, with all sorts of interesting locations and events.  And unlike FTL, you arent as restricted in your movement.  You dont HAVE to obsessively just move to the right all the freaking time.  Yes, there is a ""timer"" of the same sort that FTL used, in the form of a foul darkness that slowly comes from the left side, covering the map as it goes.  But ""slowly"" is the key word here.  You really do have plenty of time for exploration, and backtracking when you see the need.  But you wont be able to explore everything.  Dungeons though are a different story.  Time passes much, much slower in dungeons than on the world map, so explore to your heart's content.  Or try to, anyway... dungeons are more than a little murderous, filled with traps and extra-horrible monsters, and big nasty bosses that'll be flinging windows of doom at you.During your travels you will also encounter special things that arent just about the map or combat.  You'll find towns and guild buildings, filled with shops and whatnot, you'll find special events and encounters, where you are given an array of choices to make, with different consequences for each.  And you have quests (which take the form of emails, which are often rather goofy) that you can do, which are usually optional, but generally well worth doing if you can pull them off.  There are lots of things to find and do here.However, the game's content is a bit limited.  It's been criticised often for just not having quite enough... though to be honest it seems fine to me.  But I still think it's worth mentioning.  And while the challenge level is high, it's not THAT bloody hard, so it may not take you long to complete it.There is stuff to unlock, some of which takes the form of items that you can choose to start with, and other bits that are more Windows-ish, in the form of things like desktop color schemes or mouse cursors, or even hotkeys.  But the list of unlocks is oddly small.  There are also daily runs, but I think a single run is a bit on the long side for this to be truly viable to many players.  It's not the sort of game where I personally would really get into the idea of doing daily runs frequently.  And the biggest issue:  Your screen size. If you are using a monitor that is too small, all those windows are going to get very, very cramped, leading to big problems as you go.  While I havent had this problem myself, I have seen it from others, and it can be a gamebreaker.Overall, this is a very challenging and unique game, with a style all it's own, using mechanics that just arent seen anywhere else.  It's not for everyone... the ""accurate clicking"" based combat may be a big turnoff for some players, which is understandable.  But it has the potential for big fun.  Content also seems a bit low to many, but there is plenty of room here for all sorts of additions, whether it be more monsters or items or whatever.  I'm really hoping to see some cool updates come at some point.   Fantastic game with solid, if bizarre, mechanics.And really, screw Windows.  No, no specific joke here, I just wanted to say that."
,Recommended,588950,34540009,Posted: 27 August,all,Jacklifear,"DOES IT PLAY?Yes, for those who appreciate the niche experienceKingsway was a pleasant surprise. It's simply an RPG where fighting the interface is part of it's gameplay.  While it's standard to say you have multiple classes, permadeath mechanics, Active-time combat and replayability... this game's uniqueness is the interface and how the gameplay engages.  As the horror genre uses interactive mouse to immerse you into the gameplay. The UI manipulation in this game takes simple menu clicking to a wonderful immersion as well.  I found myself engaged to where time disappeared as I played through the game.For the price, I believe this game is worth it for me.  I believe at least 60 minutes of gameplay will confirm this for you or not. I also recommend turning on mouse trails in the options for nostalgia.DOES IT ENTERTAINThe viewers responded well and appreciated how mechanics in the game created chaotic moments I had to respond to.This game allows for stop and go pacing. If you aren't actively engaging, the game pauses for you.  Every item in the game can be renamed, including characters, which allows for including your communities into the game.  Alternatively you can name everything buttmunch or other such comical names.  However, the simplicity of the game interface means that the entertainment naturally focuses on you as a broadcaster first and foremost.  This is a especially strong for broadcasters who connect to their communities and hold conversations.DOES IT STREAMYes, as it provides varied pacing of activity ranging from ""chat with community"" to ""OMG! CLICK ALL OF THE THINGS!""When action is happening there are some unexpected results/twists where you can suddenly find yourself juggling a lot and have natural opportunities to react to the game in very entertaining ways. While a lot of the gameplay elements throughout the game become understanding the underlying systems, it's stream-style feels like Binding of Issac RPG playthroughs where eventually it's about execution and maintaining good conversation with your community."
,Recommended,588950,34138768,Posted: 9 August,all,Trigger Not Happy,"Just got this game 4 hours ago...and played for 4 hours straight.Bought this game because I saw Northernlion's ""Let's Look At"" series and was triggered by his gaming skills (love you NL) so I thought,if it's only $9.99, why not?Right off the bat, I'm gonna put down a very honest fact:I cannot recommend this game to most people, unless they like the combination of Turned-Based RPG + Perma. Death mechanic.However, if you do like this genre or are willing to try, I absolutely encourage anyone to at least give this game a try.The ""Starting Gifts"" mechanic and multiple endings definitely suggest that this game is meant to be replayed, but this is probably one of those games that you put around 20+/- hours in and never want to play it again.Nonetheless, if the developers are willing to extend some more on the current features (items, jobs, monsters, quests) from time to time, then I could definitely see the great potential in this game."
,Not Recommended,588950,33657973,Posted: 19 July,all,"Pete, King of the Detectives","I feel like Kingsway is the sort of game that nobody’s going to remember even a month from now, which is a real shame because the idea’s pretty neat even if the game itself is mobile-tier. See, I’ve really started to dislike all these roguelites in the last few years since indie devs like to use the genre as an excuse for lazy game design. Why create interesting maps or levels when you can just have the game generate them for you randomly? Why create an interesting story when you can just make the goal of the game to get through it without dying? There’s no good reason for Kingsway to follow the roguelite formula. The Binding of Isaac is a good roguelite because of the massive number of items and unique combinations that you can end up finding, meaning that every playthrough actuallywillfeel unique. In addition, there are so many items to unlock that you usually feel like you’ve accomplished something when the game ends, whether you actually got to the end or not. Spelunky is extremely fast-paced relative to the games that came after it: rarely will a single playthrough take more than ten minutes until you become pretty good at the game. While enemy and item variety are generally tied to the area you’re in, it still feels like you have to constantly adapt to whatever the game throws at you. Kingsway lacks any of this variability: if something worked once, it’ll probably work again. Every class is static as far as I’m aware, meaning that you always know what skills you’ll have access to at a given level; items, while important, are so abundant that you’ll have no problem finding something that works with your character.Even when you’re not comparing it to other games, Kingsway is a mess. Your character can only ever equip five skills at a time and I doubt that you would ever want to get rid of the attack button so really you get four. One of these skills is the “escape from battle” ability, so if you want to use more than three different skills in a single battle you’re basically turning it into a fight to the death. This problem could have been alleviated by allowing you to have more than one party member which would not only add some complexity to combat, but would also add some variability to the game since the dev could add taverns or random events where you can recruit new characters. Even then, combat would still be pretty simplistic since every skill is super straightforward. However, Kingsway’s ultimate shortcoming is that it has a good idea and does almost nothing with it. The main selling point of the game is that it mimics an OS, but very rarely is this actually used as a gameplay mechanic. Some enemy attacks will cause pop-ups to appear that require you to click a button to avoid them, and a few hide windows when they act. Everything outside of enemy encounters is just for show. Your quest log is an email application but, for all intents and purposes, is just a quest log. There’s just so much squandered potential here, but now if anyone tries to make a similar game they’ll get flak for copying this one.If someone who took a little more pride in their work had made Kingsway, I would imagine that they would have created an interesting story and locations that would really allow them to push the game-as-OS concept to its limits. Instead, what we get is a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥version of the first Dragon Quest that looks a bit better. This game should not have been a roguelite, plain and simple. For all the problems that I have with Kingsway, I think that if it had simply been designed as a JRPG from the beginning, many of these issues would never have even come up. Balance testing would have been more thorough with non-randomized progress (as it is, I can spam fire on a boss to kill it before it attacks and avoid random encounters completely by spamming teleport), items could have been made to be more unique than “+3 strength”, dungeons would be designed to be more than a straight line to the finish, and ultimately the dev would have created a game worth remembering. The bottom line is, there’s a reason why most people don’t even bother with the Chalice Dungeons in Bloodborne.Taster's score: C-"
,Recommended,588950,33983978,Posted: 2 August,all,Bearserker,"Basic Game Description: Rogue-lite RPG, 1 player+ Pros +* Easy to RP in with flexible classes and custom portraits, plus text-heavy events* Wonderful retro OS presentation* Dexterity-based battles make the game go beyond ""Get Buff, Slay Monsters""+ Neutral +* Incredibly easy for a rogue-lite* Runs are longer than most rogue-lites.* Reminiscent of FTL, with node-based maps and real-time combat+ Cons +* Feels like most content is seen within 1-2 good runs* A single map type, making it get old rather quickly* Doesn't save you window locations across runs or saves* Unable to import custom music to match your character, despite the soundtrack being raw OGG files* No Steam CloudDon't get me wrong, Kingsway is a great game and I'm happy to have spent $10 on it. So far I've been an otter wizard and Frog from Chrono Trigger. That's in 10 hours of gameplay, across about 5 runs. A majority of this time was spent as Otto the wizard, who made it to the end on my 3rd run. Compare that to FTL, where I've made the final boss maybe 10 times out of hundreds of runs, and you can see where the game's charm could wear off pretty quickly. It might have a hard mode or something to make the game more challenging, and there are always different classes and characters and builds to try to liven things up, but Kingsway does come off as incredibly easy and front-loaded for the genre. Not necessarily a bad thing, but something to beware of if you're hard-core into rogue-lites.Add in a few more map types (even if only cosmetic), and a little more enemy and event variety, and you'd have a game that I could heartily recommend for full price. As it stands, I'd suggest at least giving it consideration, but maybe wait for a sale if you're worried about the game running its course rather quickly.  Don't let the longer Cons list above turn you off, all are minor gripes that can be looked past, leaving plenty of fun to be had with Kingsway."
76561198089240740,Recommended,588950,33664706,Posted: 19 July,all,Elbowmud,"Coworker: Hey the boss wants everybody's report on their project today.He might come by your desk later.Me: No worries-Later-Me: *Sees boss starts walking in my direction*Minimizes all windows but keep the Quest window open(Quest window looks like email tab)*igotthis.jpgBoss: Hey What are you working on today?Me: Replying to our client's email, boss. They want to know if we can fit in more side... ..projects for them.Boss*glances at screen, not suspecting a thingBoss: Alright, carry on.10/10 My boss deserves better but I can't stop"
,Recommended,588950,33727172,Posted: 22 July,all,Note,"Kingsway is an awesome rogue-lite RPG where everything is crafted to make it feel like you're using an old computer for everyday tasks. What sets this apart from other RPGs (besides the proceedurally generated runs) is its charming interface. Drawing selection boxes with the cursor, selecting multiple icons with shift+click, and cursor trails. Simply coolio. The game's mechanics are also able to make a non-frequent RPG player like myself stay clung to the game until I finish a run. The sheer panic of trying to complete quick time events while fighting an enemy or quaffing a potion to avoid an imminent death really spice things up, and even then, things were already interesting to begin with since there'll be item weights to compensate for and skillsets to ponder about. Fortunately, Kingsway is easy to get into (in my opinion), though it'll be hard to master with the several secrets and ending hidden around.Before the game came out, realizing that the game and its art would be created by Andrew Morrish, I was excited. Most of it was from playing Super Puzzle Platformer, Morrish's other Adult Swim-published game (and a really awesome one at that, go check it out) and just like Super Puzzle Platformer, both the gameplay and art feel and look nice. Everything's also complimented by the sweet tunes of Landon Podbielski, the composer of Super Puzzle Platformer's soundtrack. The music feels very nostalgic, midi-like, and immersive, I really enjoy it.Yeah, that's about all I have to say about Kingsway. At the price of $10, I think it's worth every penny.I mean come on, it has a literal blue screen of death, how can you resist?"
,Recommended,588950,34262481,Posted: 15 August,all,⋆★STARSLAYER★⋆,"For its full price-point of ten dollars, I would say that Kingsway does deserve your money.It is no exaggeration for me to say that this is one of two games I have ever bothered to get all the achievements in, speaking volumes for my short attention span's interest in this particular game, which held its ground for a solid 25 hours before I finally beat the game with all endings, all classes, saw every monster and beat every boss and decided that I had, at long last, seen everything and would no longer find anything else different.The combat system is new and unique, fresh and fun while proving that fully mastering the art of window management can be unexpectedly difficult.  The soundtrack is one of the best I've heard, probably being the foremost reason I have for staying with the game until the end, as it makes you feel exactly like a harsh journey to save the world ought to.There isn't a ton of content as runs are fairly short, but there is enough randomization and quality of the base content itself (I personally feel) to justify the price.  My personal biggest disappointment is the endings -- they are very much as basic as can possibly be and don't really do anything to give you or your character some closure, although the puzzle with the monoliths and arch makes me wonder if perhaps there will be more lore or a new game in the works eventually.If you are not into roguelikes or desire games with high amounts of story, then I cannot in good conscience recommend Kingsway.  (But in good conscience, I highly recommend that you check out the soundtrack anyway.)If you like roguelikes, Kingsway is a great new addition to the genre and deserves at least a once-over."
76561198042841764,Recommended,588950,34004717,Posted: 3 August,all,Allan003,"Awesome game, loads of fun. Don't expect to keep a character long though, they tend to drop like flies at first. :) Absolutely need steam workshop support and a few more items/quests, but for around $10.00 you cannot go wrong."
,Recommended,588950,33726474,Posted: 22 July,all,MEGATRUCK,"This game is incredible. Using an ""OS"" to play the entire game is a unique concept that I truly haven't seen before, and it functions exactly as you would expect an operating system to function, with windows, properties, being able to rename anything, getting bags that act as new ""folders"" of your inventory, it's all there.But what was most surprising is how many secrets and options this game has. So the more you play the game, the more you start to understand how everything works. Even though it's always randomly generated (much like any other roguelike), you start every new run with more knowledge about the game, as opposed to new starting goodies (which there are a fair amount of anyways).I finally beat Kingsway for the first time and it was so satisfying. Yes, there's a bit of RNG involved in a good run, but the majority of it comes from actually creating a strategy that can work every time. And there's still more secrets and endings for me to get, which I'm finding out on my own due to this game's small community.Probably my pick for indie GOTY so far. If you're on the fence, do yourself a favor and pick this up."
,Recommended,588950,33754311,Posted: 23 July,all,Absolut,Fun roguelike with a charming interface. It's got the right balance of carrot and stick to keep you going. It has that 'one more turn (or character) down perfectly. Watch the videos - you have to chase the self moving windows and popups with your mouse. If this gets on your nerves it's not the game for you.A dark cloud progresses across the map in an FTL manner forcing you to keep moving but at a much more leisurely pace if you choose. Classes and variations in gear keep the gameplay fresh when you eventually get killed.If I have a single complaint it's lack of feedback - it's hard to tell what an item or stats do without experimentation.
,Recommended,588950,33635636,Posted: 18 July,all,DonBinky,"Basically a rogue-lite, fun and interesting concept, not the hugest amount of depth, but it's easy to pick up and play. Quite enjoyable, and a quite a different way of handling rouge-likes than most of the other ones readily available. I'd say it was worth it."
,Recommended,588950,33915861,Posted: 30 July,all,Frondly Nooberhood Spooder,"An extremely well made rougelike RPG with an incredible amount of charm. Each of the classes feel very distinct, and every playthrough is fun. Even different builds of the same class feel very different from one another. The $10 price tag is more than reasonable for the amount of fun (and time) you'll get out of this game. If you're a fan of the genre, I could not recommend this game more."
76561197989355987,Recommended,588950,33673702,Posted: 20 July,all,EvadableMoxie,The game's pricetag of $10 is reasonable for the amount of content you get.  If you come into it expecting to get 200 hours of the game you'll be disappointed.  This isn't a AAA release designed for that.  It's just a fun little game that's worth the asking cost.
,Recommended,588950,33900820,Posted: 30 July,all,No One,"wait for a sale.solid game, fun to play, they use their concept in AWESOME ways.But there is not 10 dollars worth of content here. There's maybe like 5 6 dollars worth."
76561197996694272,Recommended,588950,33657030,Posted: 19 July,all,Ian / Zee!,"TL;DR: Progress Quest + Pixel Art + QTE = Win!With so much of the pixel art out there capturing the aesthetics of NES and SNES-era console graphics, Kingsway instead captures the retro look and feel of Windows 95. So buckle up and prepare for an experience you haven't had since MS Office retired Clippy.The game transports you into a strange fantasy world which has you controlling a character through layers of UI windows - each one representing something about your character. Naturally there are UI windows for each bag, and one for your paper doll, but there's also a window to see your health and mana. Out travelling the world? There's a window for that too.When you get involved in combat, a new window opens to show you the monster you're facing and presents a 5 buttion action bar - if you're fighting two at the same time, then the game literally opens multiple stacked windows to show you. Combat expresses itself through obvious progress bars: there's a countdown to when the enemy will hit you, and when you trigger an ability there's a progress bar to when you actually complete the attack or spell.But the game really takes a turn for the unique because the parts of the UI that represent hazards are not completely under your control. Combat windows slide around, making it harder to click on buttons to target them with abilities.Traps and certain monster attacks are handled through what is probably the best rendition of the Quick Time Event idea I've seen to date. If a dart trap goes off or a boulder falls, the game literally opens a new window with a picture on it that flies across your screen with a dodge button. But if you happened to be clicking around your screen at the moment it went off, you might have brought your map to the front, thereby losing your chance to notice and react to the falling rock about to crush you.The overall length is short-session permadeath RPG style: a run through the ""main storyline"" will only take 2-3 hours if you live the whole way through. With 4 starting classes and more that unlock upon game completion however, it's not hard to see getting 20-30 hours of gameplay out of this as you master the mechanics of the different classes and try out the different endings.All in all, this game is a novel take on the RPG genre with a retro look that I am happy to recommend."
,Recommended,588950,33735394,Posted: 22 July,all,BanditSlayer64,"Fantastic Game! I absolutely love playing it, really throws back to old rpgs with some new interesting elements. One thing I would like to see is more between game items and improvements to be made so it has more of an overall role playing element."
76561197989696272,Recommended,588950,33777989,Posted: 24 July,all,kiwihotaru,"1st try - die in 30 seconds2nd try - die in 5 minutes3rd try - die in 1 minute...20th try - still alive after 20 minutes...Really great!It's a bit difficult at first -- almost too difficult -- but if you're patient, attentive, and start as Beastkin, you'll have a good time! Fair to say I'm addicted, in a way I haven't been in a roguelike in some years."
,Recommended,588950,34943571,Posted: 13 September,all,DaringVulpix™,"I am, admittedly, not big on the roguelike genre, especially those designed like operating systems I used 20 years ago, but Kingsway has captured me. This is a good game. A really good game.Part of the charm is that, like Windows 95, you're basically fighting against the interface as much as you are fighting against your enemies. It'll get cluttered, but that's a good thing. It allows you to easily monitor your stats, equipment, access healing items like potions and keep a log of everything that's happened in a run. Combat is pretty rewarding as well. Since you're fighting against the UI as much as you are enemies, keeping up with the battle and switching between attacking, blocking and healing at regular intervals without dying or losing track of your enemy's attack progress bar in the process feels like a huge accomplishment in of itself. As you gain levels, complete quests (which are given to you via email, by the way; there's even ones that mimic spam emails from 20 years ago!) and boost your stats and reputation as you progress through the game, it truly feels like you're growing from a newbie adventurer into a skilled knight or mage, ready to storm the king's castle.While the UI can be frustrating if you're a first-time player, the familiarity of an operating system also lets you adapt to Kingsway faster than most other games in this genre. It definitely is an interesting choice, but also probably the best, because by your 4th or 5th run you'll be familiar with how the game works, its quirks and how to make your way through the world.Oh, and yes, this game can run on a toaster. A computer from 10 years ago, but if you want a computer from 20 years ago that can run it, look at the real Windows 95. Really, if you're still using a Pentium MMX for some reason, get a new computer. Unless you're a retro computing enthusiast like me, you have no excuse.Overall, I give it a Yes. If you're looking for a fresh take on the roguelike genre without spending too much and with a ton of charm to it, give Kingsway a go. It is the #1 operating system for daily tasks like skeleton smashing and loot organizing, after all, and unlike Windows, it doesn't cost $200 for a license!"
,Recommended,588950,34178029,Posted: 11 August,all,Grosshugs,"Absolutely gripping in its art, humor, and gameplay. I only pray they add more content, well worth the purchase."
,Not Recommended,588950,33636588,Posted: 18 July,all,Monochromatism,"In short, the trailer shows you most of what you're going to get out of the game.In long, the trailer doesn't show you everything, but after an hour, no non-trivial aspects of gameplay that weren't in a trailer were introduced.  I could forgive that, if this game were covered like a AAA production in which you're obligated to show every individual feature in a livestream sometime before release.  I can't forgive it here.Did the trailers look like they were just early-game, that the game would open up and gain some depth later?  Sorry, no.  You saw glimpses of the mid and late-game there too.  Did you notice?  Probably not, because they're near identical.What I would've liked to see would've been the in-game ""game plot"", plus a sort of ""meta plot"".  Digging into the bones of the OS, figuring out some stuff about its development, how ""real"" it is, and so forth.  Not only this, but how about simulation of other ""users"", to populate that inbox?  Make it feel like you're on a quest in a world with people and things in it, don't make it feel like you're playing a clicker game.Not only would it have given some more depth to the story, it would've provided something to the gameplay too.  Screwing with registers to fix the OS up after some odd error?  Attempting ""Necromancy"" via registry screws?  Come on!  The theme of your game should be a feature, not a fancy skin.I think this game would've benefitted from less weapon types and more variance between those types, less skills and more variance in what those skills are, less enemy attacks/hazards and more variance in how to deal with them.  And so on, and so forth.As it stands, there is literally no point to picking a specific weapon type because it is of that weapon type (unless you have a specialty for that type).  Your only motivation to pick some piece of gear is ""which has higher numbers"".  Sometimes you'll be forced to choose between two different kinds of high numbers, the horror.... Basically, I want something to set runs apart.  You get off the boat, you get your first ""real weapon"", you stick with it until something shinier comes along, you murder everything in your way, you always loot houses, and occasionally you get a (completely random, apparently) quest asking for something you may or may not have any access to.  The quests all blend together, the gear all blends together, it's all one big amorphous blob."
,Recommended,588950,33639279,Posted: 18 July,all,Klokinator,"I'm impressed. I don't usually say that, as you can tell by my review history, but I'm impressed.There are several things that make a truly great game stand out from a crowd:1. Fun factor (Obviously)2. Complexity (Mostly RPG's and roguelikes)3. Story4. Graphics, or as I like to put it, a game's ""Aesthetic"".The story in this game didn't really interest me, but all the others above are excellent and out in spades. Right off the bat I could tell this game was going to be special. This game isn't unique in that a few other games have done a similar UI and playstyle, but it's just so... polished!I can tell a lot of love was put into this game. The complexity is there. Despite only having 4 stats to choose from, each stat affects a myriad of things, you get two stats boosted by force each level, and an additional +3 stat points to stick wherever you want.The skill system is equally solid. With one skill or skill upgrade gained each level, you have to choose what you'll focus on carefully! The good news is no class is locked out of anything, so you might start as a Barbarian but get a wicked cool magic item early on and just put the next two levels worth of stat gains into intellect and BOOM! You're a mage, Harry!I've seen complaints about the content in this game, and I do hope it gets fleshed out. For $10 I will definitely be getting my ten hours out of this and likely a lot more since I'm a completionist, but my advice to the dev would be to continue adding content, maybe new classes, features, etc. This is how roguelikes should be done.I rate it a 7/10, which might seem kind of bad, but that is quite good for a very first indie release! With more content this will be right up there with the likes of FTL, Terraria, and others on my steam favorites list!And seriously, if you don't think I'm a very critical person, check out my other reviews. I have torn some other games to absolute ribbons. The only fault I can find with this game is ""I wish I had more of it!"" THAT'S A GOOD PROBLEM TO HAVE!Also, I hope borderless fullscreen gets added. I have multiple monitors, hate it when my mouse is locked to a game screen :/"
76561198082424149,Recommended,588950,33692623,Posted: 21 July,all,Asriel,"Honestly I bought it not knowing what to expect. I think the best way to play this game is blind. You learn a lot from just playing the game and not relying on someone else's experience. Combat is unique, and I think the devs did a great job at implementing a good system for learning. You learn through playing this game. If I honestly knew all of the things I do now at the beginning of the game, it would have ruined the experience. Play it blind. It's pretty fun and unique for a roguelike!"
,Recommended,588950,33941824,Posted: 31 July,all,andiznit,"Hey Steamboats, I really like this little fun adventure game. It's low impact and somthing that you can just play for fun. It reminds me of text adventures and the fake OS style is really captivating."
,Recommended,588950,33734943,Posted: 22 July,all,Njall The Viking,"I absolutely love this game. The design is incredibly fun and unique. The way different actions are split around separate windows keeps it engaging and adds more ""skill"" to combat than just timing clicks. Simple in a good way and deeper than you might initially think. I was hesitant about it at first, but I'm glad I bought it. Adult Swim definitely found a gem with this one."
76561197999183455,Recommended,588950,33739804,Posted: 23 July,all,Miczu,"My first playthrough was going pretty good, defeated demon boss, built fast travel character, uncovered secret of monolyth, fully understand the cosmos.I was looking forward to light last lantern and visiting king's castle, but defeated last boss as random encounter and game ended on me...I have mixed feelings about the ending there...Maybe next game will be better, heard it's roguelike and I'm supposed to play it more then once..."
76561198147722995,Recommended,588950,34161729,Posted: 10 August,all,Martin,Even when i try to get farther from each round ( yeah there are much of the same stuff ) its still fun. The interface bit to it i like its cool as hell. The game for sure could use way more randomness to it but you can play for ahours and think only 5mins pass 8/10 game
,Recommended,588950,35080975,Posted: 20 September,all,wug,"Worth the 10 bucks and I'm going to try explaining why through a bad review1) First of all, the aesthetic for anyone that likes the look of old PC-98(?) or ancient MAC-OS, as the game is a tiny mix of both. I'm stuck on windows 10 because of my specs so that's definitely refreshing.2) Probably not for everyone, but I got attached to the music after a while. The soundtrack is definitely gonna loop a few times during a full playthrough as that's probably gonna be around 3 hours and the playlist is about 30 minutes long or so. not a musical expert (read: a ♥♥♥♥in idiot) so I don't have much to say about it besides ""it's neat."".3) The pacing of the game. After a few minutes you'll already get what you're going to do in battles for the rest of the game without it becoming too grating, as the different characters and the pop-up attacks from various enemies keep you on your toes.Lest you wear the ring of pain, the shadow moves slowly enough for you to grind peacefully on the left-mid side of the map until you're actually ready to move towards the end of the game. Even then, the shadow isn't like in One Way Heroics. It just changes the enemy type from being biome-specific enemies to an ambiguous ""shadow"" that can be fought and still gives XP, but no items.Complaints:If anything, I feel like the quests are lacking. I've seen the game streamed firsthand and I thought the game was going to be absolutely massive and a playthrough would take ages, but despite the map being randomized every playthrough, the quests you get are generally pretty static. There isn't exactly a ton of enemies either, you'll just encounter the Cultists in the mountains, the Clot in the catacombs, stronger variants of previously fought enemies as you go to the right side of the map (with a few original enemies here and there like the goatmen).Also, a more detailed stats menu showing some of the more auxilary stats (like the magic power boost you get from Warded enchanted items) would be nice.Overall, trying to get the 5 different endings with a different character each time is how I recommend playing, as you'll probably get the most of your money's worth that way.(protip: do your first run with the beastman and invest into iron stomach)"
,Recommended,588950,35214599,Posted: 25 September,all,cont3xt,"Pros:- Extremelly original and fun design;- Good variety of skills/items;- Fun to play, absolutely;- 5 different endings.Cons:- Gets repetitive after some iterations;- Some enemies are basically copy+pasted;- Achievements could be better.Rating: 90/100 - Awesome game! Absolutely worth it.[]'s,cont3xt"""
76561198278462016,Recommended,588950,33777332,Posted: 24 July,all,MemeLord Vex,"Pretty good game, very simple at first, but if you start to get swarmed by enemies or face some one a little too strong, the screen is going to get full fast. Which can make the game a little more suspenceful. Also very much like dark souls ;). Anyway, this is a great game, and whoever reads this, you gotta get it."
76561198145354658,Recommended,588950,33733406,Posted: 22 July,all,Zombiecap007,An amazing game from Adult Swim. Easily worth the $10 spent. Hopefully you will instantly fall in love with the game just as I did.
,Recommended,588950,33941795,Posted: 31 July,all,SLURM187,"This is a very unique RPG. It is addicting, easy to play, hard to master, and has a very cool look to it. Great old school-esque RPG that lets you use your imagination when playing rather than cramming visuals down your throat."
,Recommended,588950,33635000,Posted: 18 July,all,Amr109,"early impressions are great, having a lot of fun with this game. combat mechanics are very novel and entertaining. looking forward to sinking lots of hours exploring all this game has to offer."
76561198010200279,Recommended,588950,33690641,Posted: 21 July,all,Foone,"This game is amazing. It uses the best ideas from FTL and the win3.1 game Castle of the Winds, but puts them in a beautiful pixel ""operating system"". It's not just a retro-aesthetic, though. It uses the win95-esque operating system metaphor to present an alternative take on the UI of the RPG. Your inventory is a file browser, attacks are progress bars, towns are web pages, and your quest log is an email client full of near-spam.It all works together exceptionally well, and plays much like the roguelikelike/roguelite style of FTL, where how far you get comes down to skill, player knowledge, and more than a little bit of luck. I cannot recommend it highly enough."
76561198044522244,Recommended,588950,34833275,Posted: 9 September,all,Jindatesha,"This game is a beautiful mix between rpg, text based adventures and roguelikes.The enemies are put in appropriate spots, several different endings  and character builds/classes for replayability , Though theres some RNG involved with more skill and knowledge of the game you have the smoother and faster your run will be.  The game is intuitive and Just feels amazing with the theme, I loved the way some enemy attacks would come on screen and act like their real world counterparts...(where arrows shoot lineary across the screen, bombs fly upward and come back down)The only major complaint I have is the leaderboard...with a daily seed so many endings, and the perfect setting for speedrunning ...it sadly just boils down to how much XP you earned before game over...who wants to grind more per day. = (10/10 in my book still and I just  wasnt able to put it down until i unlocked everything in the game...which took me around 30hours. WELL worth $9.99!   Thanks Andrew!"
76561198271970422,Recommended,588950,34450759,Posted: 23 August,all,Kool Kat,"A different kind of RPG, but in a good way. It may be difficult to multitask fighting 2 zombies, as arrows are (literally) flying across your screen, but over time you'll learn how to manage. Should you die, your character is unplayable. However the worlds and layouts are changed with each new character so you won't have to repeat every single thing over again. The combat, may seem weird at first but you'll learn how to multitask. A fun, and unique game."
,Recommended,588950,34849212,Posted: 9 September,all,N00byGamerPlayz,"Kingsway is a challenging roguelike and also strange because of the computer style game. This game is about an operating system called Kingsway that it's only used for playing. In this game you need to discover dungeons, battle enemies in rpg style, level up, loot and plunder. A great game and a great design for 2017! Better than Mainlining, you should go check it out, it's only 7 quid (10 bucks)."
,Recommended,588950,33637417,Posted: 18 July,all,bird,"I've been looking forward to this game since the Dev tweeted out a gif of the game. After that, I played the waiting game. I can say that this was absolutely worth the wait. This game is a rogue-lite with a ton of charm. The game takes play in the ""Kingsway OS."" The story isn't super deep, but it's about the adventure. The combat is a ton of fun and ienemy design is fantaastic. The skeleton cracks me up every time I see it. The quests are always really funny and the charm of this game always shines through. Even the character creation fis fun. I love this game so much. This is a damn good game and I hope to see more content in in inthe future."
,Recommended,588950,35263493,Posted: 28 September,all,DeltaNinjaGavin,"Hey, internet. This is my review about Kingsway! It's a fun point-and-click RPG, which has many aspects of games that were from the DOS era of games. It really blew me away when I made my first character and got into the game! It has multiple classes, endings, monsters, and much more content! It isn't the easiest game to get used to, and it's not that easy to beat, but it does make an interesting challenge that shows a lot of how the genre it falls into, and how that genre can rise to the top, or change the gaming community."
,Recommended,588950,34220050,Posted: 13 August,all,Jim_Puff :^),dope game
,Recommended,588950,33703556,Posted: 21 July,all,Cats,"Pretty good rouge-like rpg, this game deserves way more attention"
,Recommended,588950,33657501,Posted: 19 July,all,snokey,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is great!i play Zelda BotW, pubg, overwatch  at the moment but don't bother to log in there anymore.You can do so much in Kingsway for this little Price, can't wait to test out other buildsand class combinations!good job"
,Recommended,588950,33921889,Posted: 31 July,all,Achaka,"I love this gameVery good, very hard.I would reccommend (even if you're bad at vidya games like I am ;)))"
76561198159839531,Recommended,588950,33633529,Posted: 18 July,all,VVhore,"The same cluttered interface I have and love in real life, now with the added bonus of being murdered by bandits!"
,Not Recommended,588950,33935593,Posted: 31 July,all,Lo Zio B,"Well, the game itself is not bad. It gets boring after a while - there's no big variety of events and quests.I almost completed the game after 5 runs and 3.6 hours of gameplay.It's too expensive for what it has to offer."
,Not Recommended,588950,33660502,Posted: 19 July,all,Elijah,"Shallow, tedious, and uninspired RPG that underserves its core idea at almost every turn.One glance at the trailer for Kingsway will likely send your imagination into a flurry. The idea of framing a simple, old-school RPG inside of its own Windows 95-like operating system has so much immediate potential that you probably can't wait to dig in and see how the developers played with this conceit.Maybe there's a fake filesystem to dig through where you can find documents and data files that explain obscure mechanics within the game... A meta-plot that will reveal that the 'game' is actually an elaborate ploy by an Evil Megacorp to train a world-destroying AI... Using OS tools to ""hack"" your save files and defeat nigh-unwinnable scenarios...Let your imagination run wild and stop there. I can assure you that anything you think of is far cooler than what Kingsway actually is: a tedious, shallow, wannabe ""roguelike"" with barely enough mechanical complexity to support a couple hours of playtime. The ""operating system"" is in fact nothing more than a glorified UI skin. There's nothing beneath the surface to dig at, no ""plot"" beyond the paper-thin mission to ""save the world,"" and absolutely zero effort to actually make good on any of the potential that its marketing pitch conveys. Avoid, avoid, avoid.The music is damn good though."
,Recommended,588950,33981975,Posted: 2 August,all,McButterMilkBiscuit,"Gameplay 10/10The Fighting in the game is prestene and if you memorize the timing of the attack and the shield you will be able to dish out damage faster and protect easier. Some Enemies minimize your tabs which make the game pretty hectic and challenging when it minimizes your bags when you need to pop a potion  before you die so battles stay pretty intense against high level enemies.Customizeable User Interface 10/10I Love Being able to create and design my own ui. Too bad that cant change the size and shape of it though. But its for a good reason. If it was smaller i'd would be harder to be precise so I understand why.Character Creation 8/10You have some presets to make your own character, though the faces are pretty limited. Especially for fat F###s like me. But you do have the option to import a image. It's hard if you get too excited and forget the dimensions of the size of the profile pic it has to be otherwise the picture will be the top right corner but it does fit the styple of the game. because of how pixelated it is.Story ?/10I dont really pay attention to the story because of how fun and entertaining the combat is. So If you are a fan of pokemon games and rpgs like that. You will have a fun time.So all in all If you are into rpgs you will love this game and it is totally worth the 10 dollars. Also I hope they add in Dlc or maybe an expansion pack."
,Recommended,588950,33970077,Posted: 2 August,all,FlimsyPike,"Fantastic game, great price for the content."
76561198153579065,Recommended,588950,33778167,Posted: 24 July,all,ThatNappingPotato,Grrrrreat
76561198058208909,Recommended,588950,34149817,Posted: 10 August,all,BuilditBUCKO,"For reasons seeing Vinesauce streaming this game, the customization brought me here. Though at the same time I found it was a interesting way to make an RPG game appealing. Though, admitting to the rather small and basic look of the game, it can be a little unappealing as it goes into that same old ""Pixelated game"" bin that everyone seems to either hate or love to death. I accept the art, but the exicution is where is key, and Kingsway did deliver on that front.Pros:A impressive ammount of customization for a simple RPG gameA literal battle against your own computer as window screens move around while adding more ""Popup"" enemiesA simple, but nice story for a simple gameAnd a really cool artstyle and themeCons:It is a very basic $10 game, so yes, don't expect snazy graphics and sound designVERY repetitive gameplay. It's like an RTS, but better by a tiny bit. Not a giant chess board, but brings that kind of vibeCan be a little confusing to new players to understand it's basically a RPG as a desktop, this can be a pro, but more of a con since the windows tend to clutter everything after awhile.I say worth $10 overall. Doesn't take long to beat the game and as a tiny bit of replayablity due to its unlocks. It is a unique taste though, and probably are meant for people own can appreciate the artstyle and RNG mechanics."
,Recommended,588950,35078653,Posted: 19 September,all,Naru,"Fun, charming, addictive, great gameplay loop. It probably took me about 15 hours to get fully through the game and to one of its several endings, and that was enough for me to feel satisfied with it.Pros:-All the details reminiscent of 90's Windows PCs are charming.-The gameplay, loot and game economy are like catnip (to put it nicely) for classic RPG fans.-Combat is just the right balance of challenging and empowering. No obstacle is unsurpassable with the right prep.-The art is thematically cohesive and imparts a nostalgic feeling.Cons:-The game has some bugs. The first time I got very powerful and 80% through the game, when I saved and came back later, the game couldn't load my save without crashing. After that, on my next successful playthrough, I always kept the game running so I didn't have to load a save, just in case.-The music is meh. On the positive side, this game is perfect for playing while listening to interesting podcasts, so the music isn't needed.-Inventory management gets annoying, especially if you get deep into a run. Your luck may vary with how much bag space you get, but even with lots of space, a lot of time goes to moving items around if (like me) you're into getting as much wealth as possible."
76561198055326483,Recommended,588950,33814120,Posted: 26 July,all,chatcosmique,"After spending 2hours on Kingsway and close it, this game make you feel like you bought a new monitor and had a new resolution 5k.""GOTY"""
,Recommended,588950,33639877,Posted: 18 July,all,not jaden,"10/10 a game you can play while eating an ice cream conehonestly, a very simple but fun challenging rpg, continuing to play makes you want to strive to be better at it."
,Recommended,588950,33645364,Posted: 18 July,all,DeadlyDanDaMan,"For $10, it's a no brainer if you like rogue-lites. Borrows a bit from FTL, but that's not a bad thing, and the UI literally IS the game. You'll understand when you play it, it's unlike anything on the market currently. Great new ideas like this really make me have hope for the future of the gaming industry :)"
,Recommended,588950,34969126,Posted: 15 September,all,Raisen,"I got the best armour, the best sword, all needed perks +5. And then.. i meet Sky-Eater.  Hardest than Dark-Souls ☺"
,Recommended,588950,34032881,Posted: 5 August,all,PhantomTai,Died saving the world. 10/10
76561197976327138,Recommended,588950,34887110,Posted: 11 September,all,becephalus,"I mean kind of cute, and I got my money's worth.  But not really a ton there."
76561198107928086,Recommended,588950,33685521,Posted: 20 July,all,kaminasinged,"I like it. Would be a decent game to do speedruns on. My favorite class is the mage. There is apparently multiple endings and hidden objectives that i haven't seen yet. However a lot of the quests are the same, but i'm not saying that's a bad thing. -- Good little indie game to waste some time on or try to progress on if you're a completionist. And a single playthrough daily run to compete on the leaderboards. 8/10. My only complaint i have is that there seems like there is not a lot to do."
,Not Recommended,588950,35066918,Posted: 19 September,all,Galefury,"The game has a somewhat interesting presentation, but the interface felt clunky and the gameplay was not that fun (as warrior class). Beat it on the second try, not going to play again, even though there are other endings to get.I think what bothered me the most was the combat system. You pick your attack by clicking a button, then a little bar fills, and when it's full you attack. The enemy does the same (minus the button), and of course keeps attacking no matter if you act or not. You have to pick your attack quickly so you don't waste time, and while you are doing that the button actually moves around. I got used to that quickly, so after a while the moving wasn't challenging anymore, just annoying. Also occasionally enemies do special attacks that you can dodge by clicking some other suddenly appearing moving buttons. What it boils down to is that I had to put actual effort into controlling my character. The very opposite of tight controls. Getting your character to do what you want is part of the challenge, and constantly drains your awareness. I like turn based games, and I like action games, but in this weird mix the two components only took away from each other.Other than that I was mostly annoyed by having to use purely mouse controls for everything (you can actually unlock hotkeys later on, great...). And a bunch of things just felt clunky. For example the inventory. I spent a lot of time dragging little item icons from one window to another, either to loot them or to organize the items. It really does feel like organizing files on an old OS, and you have to do it purely with your mouse. And after every fight you have to click loot, take the loot, then click that you want to continue. It drags on a bit after a while.The difficulty curve is as you would expect from a casual game with permadeath. If you survive the early game, there is very little risk of dying if you play a beefy character. I was pretty bored by the end.There are much better roguelikes available that are just as easy to get into and are more fun. Some of them are even free. This is not a bad game, but I wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,588950,33718317,Posted: 22 July,all,ParkinsonShuffle,made me forget about how sad my life is since I invested myself into this world 10/10 <3
76561198074774253,Recommended,588950,34183634,Posted: 11 August,all,Han-Tyumi,Pretty gud sus. gud joj.
,Recommended,588950,33956326,Posted: 1 August,all,Thorgrim,Buy this game :)
,Recommended,588950,34384869,Posted: 20 August,all,SchobotPlays,"This game is so unknown. Its player count is miniscule but as it is single player it doesn't matter, it deserves a lot more recognition for its style and gameplay. Being a roguelike RPG det in a fantasy borrowing the progression system of FTL and being set in an old operating system make it feel unique and familiar at the same time. I can not recommend this game any more than I already do it is definitely a little indie gem from AdultSwim."
,Recommended,588950,33641764,Posted: 18 July,all,Kaiburr,"Been waiting months for this game and I'm so glad to finally have it. Very fun and unique gameplay style. If you like rouge like games, RPGs and quirky visual aesthetics then pick this up now."
76561197973948838,Recommended,588950,33659703,Posted: 19 July,all,Xoxile,Nerdgasm.
76561197991114630,Recommended,588950,33646668,Posted: 19 July,all,Lastaugust,"A lot of fun, first game i lost 2 hours and didn't realize it until I got myself killed. I can't wait to keep playing."
,Recommended,588950,33643115,Posted: 18 July,all,Augen,"After playing this for just over an hour, I can highly recommend this game.The aesthetic of it being set inside an operating system is a very interesting spin on the classic rpg formula, and I like the permadeath feature, it makes you think more carefully and strategise more.The music is also bangers 10/10 IGN Would get shot by poison arrow again"
,Recommended,588950,33651466,Posted: 19 July,all,BidoofoYakuza,This is probably one of the best Rogue-Likes I've ever played and yes it is a Rogue LIKE not just a Rogue Lite.
,Recommended,588950,33723133,Posted: 22 July,all,Potato,Kingsway is an rpg and is way harder than it looks so dont expect to go in a pro XD now 10 dollars is a high asking price but i think its worth and its new so give it a break still a great game to check out none the less
,Recommended,588950,33667977,Posted: 20 July,all,danielsparrow,I absolutley love this little game i cant wait for content expansions more mechanics etc. good job devs.
,Recommended,588950,33682883,Posted: 20 July,all,Cykik,"Around one hour in and I'm really enjoying this game. I'm really enjoying the ""gimmick"" so far of the game being an ""operating system"". I can see how some of the systems might get overly annoying, like the windows for enemies moving around. However, at least for now this isn't even close to being a problem. I picked this up as a bit of a time waster honestly but it seems novel enough that I could sink some real hours into it. Definitely recommending it for now."
,Recommended,588950,33699931,Posted: 21 July,all,eobet,"Most innovative game I have played in a very, very long time.Super charming graphics, super charming interaction and quite interesting combat that hides a few surprises.This is basically FTL but much more charming! Even feels a bit nostalgic if you are old enough."
,Recommended,588950,34332586,Posted: 18 August,all,A Wolf,It's so freaking awesome!!!! get it! you won't be disappointed!
,Recommended,588950,34339155,Posted: 18 August,all,action Cancel,Such great fun. A perfect mixture of fresh and nostalgic
76561197980027184,Recommended,588950,34561582,Posted: 28 August,all,Ranoka,"I loved the concept to this game and had to try it, and played it a lot more than I though I would judging from what other reviewers have said. If you want to play a quirky little rogue-lite game I would recommend this!"
,Recommended,588950,34920683,Posted: 13 September,all,Fido,"Completlely nostalgic to the end, and even more addicting and fun!"
,Recommended,588950,34913056,Posted: 12 September,all,DONKAGE!,"Kingsway is rogue-lite/like which pits you against a world-ending force all wrapped up in a gimmicky little package - but don't be fooled; gimmicks can be fun!Using a Windows 95-esque OS, you'll manage your characters stats, abilities, levels, your inventory - everything, really - and progress through your run. Combat has an interesting pace where certain attacks (such as rocks falling or poison darts soaring towards you) actually posess their own OS window. These windows will move behind your current combat window while also obscuring your stats/inventory windows; and losing track of them can spell your doom! This puts an interesting emphasis on clever window management and actively rewards you for not only having fast reaction time, but also being able to multitask and manage multiple windows at the same time.Overall the game is extremely fun and engaging, despite following what at first seems to be a typical turn-based system. The OS gimmick is less of a gimmick and more of a platform upon which to deliver a unique and fresh rogue-like experience."
76561198047017694,Recommended,588950,34955279,Posted: 14 September,all,Black Ranger,>Made one character for each member of the Joestar family until part 4>Johnathan died too soon>Joseph played like a god and then died>Jotaro too OP killed by a Pillar Men>Josuke got rekt before he could even heal10/10 would kill all of them again
,Recommended,588950,33879934,Posted: 29 July,all,ForgeGB,This game has changed the game when it comes to rogue likes
,Recommended,588950,33854869,Posted: 28 July,all,[LLJK]Ragnarokz,"A delightful little game, this ain't Skyrim, but it is amusing enough."
,Recommended,588950,34407794,Posted: 21 August,all,Alpaca9mm,shoot its good
,Recommended,588950,33643530,Posted: 18 July,all,Rick Sanchez,"you are going to hate dying when you play this game. Kingsway manages to be incredibly fun for basically a mouse only game. You will have to sharpen your refelxes and really be smart about how you play this game. I would totally recommend it tho 8.5/10. Soundtrack 11/10, music fits any scenario"
,Recommended,588950,35159223,Posted: 23 September,all,Eyazahrid,Absolutely brilliant.
,Recommended,588950,35164963,Posted: 23 September,all,SSG | ayaze-senpai,it's neato burrito
,Recommended,588950,34781958,Posted: 6 September,all,DavidtheBard,Turn based roguelike rpg/operating system? What? Brilliant.
,Recommended,588950,35362044,Posted: 30 September,all,Sir Artorias of the Abyss,"This game is absolutely fantastic! I would recommend this to anyone that likes rpgs. It's difficult, gotta think quick."
,Recommended,588950,35407183,Posted: 1 October,all,Yobby,dope♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,588950,35356997,Posted: 30 September,all,nickhibbeler,This game is charming and fun.
,Recommended,588950,34054950,Posted: 6 August,all,slayerjerman,Great game and very fun. I would gladly pay more for a DLC/content expansion however.
76561197999571966,Recommended,588950,33661736,Posted: 19 July,all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"https://www.twitch.tv/videos/160462766Link above shows about a minute of combat, which is what this game is strongly focused around.Lets discuss this game a tad shall we? I spent the last 4.5 hours streaming it so I feel like I know a bit about it and can for better or worse explain some of how this game is both amazing and utterly frustrating.Pros:Good mix of classes. You start out with 5 classes broken up into basic stereotypes: The standard adventurer, the strong warrior, the mage, the rogue, and the beastkin (think barbarian...ish). On my stream I explored 4 of the classes, skipping the standard adventurer... so lets talk in short about my findings:Warrior: Starts out pretty damn gimpy until you get some gear going. He gets some paladin like abilities with heal over time mixed with some nice attack abilities... nothing really amazing. I got to the first boss with him, so he fit my playstyle fairly well.Rogue: More or less a damage over time specialist early on. Didn't have much luck due to crappy weapon drops so I couldn't kill much of anything very easily... died pretty early.Beastkin: From a skill standpoint very basic character. Had a super helpful early skill in the iron stomach (destroy items to gain health, lots of healing... was wonderful), and after getting geared up managed to actually beat the game. Most skills I used were item based... so really the main one I 'used' was the discard items for hp early on.Mage: Obviously quite powerful as I was getting able to oneshot stuff fairly quickly, but due to some idiocy on my behalf I died to a priest mob. Focuses alot on magic (obviously) but can be quite impressive.Cons:Rogue-Lite. It's not so much a con, it just is a statement that the game isn't always terribly balanced.Plot-wise it's pretty simple, you show up to be the hero, have to beat 3 dudes up to go meet the king, prove your worth, then go save the world.  Average game-length is around 2-3 hours if you manage to beat it, unsure if there are multiple endings up you do unlock aditional stuff via gems you get based on the level of your character.I plan to stream quite a bit more of it, so I would say it's fun. Definitely a nice change of pace for me."
76561198097515508,Not Recommended,588950,34386736,Posted: 20 August,all,Where the Green Guy At,gets kind of boring after a while i like the concept but they never brought it to its full potential and the combat never changes from attack block attack block. It just does not keep you intrested
,Recommended,588950,33636239,Posted: 18 July,all,Dougie Jones,This game is like if a Pipboy was medieval Windows 95.This game is my aesthetic.
76561197994674652,Recommended,588950,33678579,Posted: 20 July,all,Rupert,This game gave me an existential crisis. 10/10
76561198073288428,Recommended,588950,33642725,Posted: 18 July,all,PopBlock,"Finally this game was released! I first say and played this game at PAX East at the Adult Swim booth. Ever since i played the small demo they had I was HOOKED. The classic feel of a vista/windows 98 interface with the challenge of a rouge RPG. Amazing game, however it does have its faults. The gameplay is a challenge. I got my butt handed to me my first run through at the first beacon. Also the combat like stated elsewhere requires much mouse movement and precision. This can lead to tense and also frustration moments. At the moment 110% worth $10. If you like rogue games a must buy."
76561198101890313,Recommended,588950,33715380,Posted: 22 July,all,StyggMesterBob,gud game
76561198065265063,Recommended,588950,33638574,Posted: 18 July,all,Lionbro,Amazing
76561198122643075,Recommended,588950,33639895,Posted: 18 July,all,cmerleigh,so much fun
,Recommended,588950,33642028,Posted: 18 July,all,beam,"this is a good game, worth to buy. :) try it dude, try it..."
,Recommended,588950,33662757,Posted: 19 July,all,Coravel,Having a great time. Very interesting way to play a an adventure game.
,Recommended,588950,33663242,Posted: 19 July,all,prism,Really fun and unique way to play a roguelike!
,Not Recommended,588950,33917807,Posted: 30 July,all,sir.pinski,"I hope I can later change this to a recommendation, but at the moment I just can't recommend the game. I really wanted to like it and bought it on the spot - it looks like a great concept. Unfortunately, while nods and references to the days of Windows 3.1 are appreciated, the game also brings over a lot of the relatively poor UI/UX from those days. At times it feels intentionally-obtuse, making you go through annoying micro-managing, or losing gear you literally just bought if you close the window before you put it in your inventory. To me the straw that broke the camel's back was when I found out that you can eventually unlock shortcut keys. As in, this user-friendly features are locked until you grind to buy them.Combat in the game is pretty decent, with a good sense of panic conveyed through the overlaying windows of enemies and occasional timing/skill-based defense. That said, it feels pretty flat as combat, with only a few skills available at a time for your solo hero.Traveling and towns on the other hand felt pretty sterile, failing to really draw me in and largely seeming monotonous even early on.There are some good ideas here and a cool aesthetic for those who have fond (or even not-fond) memories of pre-Windows 95, but as a game it just ended up feeling more like work than fun."
,Recommended,588950,33652536,Posted: 19 July,all,Zaddelz,Nerf 'Astral Storm'.
,Not Recommended,588950,33895079,Posted: 29 July,all,Gaige,"The concept here is really cool, Kingsway looks like a traditional RPG combined with rouge-like elements at first glance. The player explores an overworld map with the goal of going east across a continent, a wall of shadows closes in behind, forcing progression. The entire game takes place on a simulated windows 95 era desktop, complete with icons representing bags and player stats. Unfortunately, Kingsway fails to capitalize on this unique element. It actively works against the player by intentionally minimizing windows in combat and by having combat windows moving at all times. I only wish the game had the option to disable this mechanic, but it doesn't.That very mechanic is what ruined the game for me, and why I cannot recommend it. Kingsway at its core is a barebones RPG game, there's very little depth and I quickly felt like I was retreading the same waters I had in every other RPG over the years. For those who can look past the gimmicky interface, there is fun to be had in Kingsway, but the lack of additional modes and the shallow pool of random encounters ensure that fun will not last."
76561198076212719,Not Recommended,588950,33941420,Posted: 31 July,all,"Bean ""Baja Slut"" Heawitt","Intresting concept, I went into it expecting a fun challange and prepared to die alot. My main problem with the game is the repteitveness especially in the combat. The fighting gets boring just pressing a button and waiting for the cooldown, I will admit projectiles are fun but they do not show up often. Overall I would of given this game a positive review if it was worth $5 but it is too bland and repetitive for $10. It is an interesting concept pulled off blandly."
76561198036357190,Recommended,588950,33656044,Posted: 19 July,all,LawEx,"Kingsway is a very unique game. The Gameplay is really different from all other games that I've played, and  it's really on point. For 10 Bucks this game is a must-buy for every fan of oldschool, or dungeon-crawler games!"
76561198178067989,Recommended,588950,33846425,Posted: 27 July,all,Donald J. Trump,Good Geme
76561198065270962,Recommended,588950,33642499,Posted: 18 July,all,rascassmashdash,"Really great. RPG rougelike. The combat is enjoyable. Maybe a bit easy, i got one ending after about 3 hours of play but from the acheivement list it looks as though there are a few more endings. I'm looking forward to getting them all!"
76561198024301834,Recommended,588950,33657538,Posted: 19 July,all,TheronGodspeed,AWESOME!
76561198052075128,Recommended,588950,33765758,Posted: 24 July,all,Arthur804,I like the game.
,Recommended,588950,33666942,Posted: 20 July,all,stay,"Just what I needed, you probably need it too."
76561198088033162,Recommended,588950,34921218,Posted: 13 September,all,NekoL,"HAHA as a 8bit game lover, you would probably love it thobut honestly this game is AWESOME with more options and various waysthey let you go along yourself, Depending on your decisions.but only 1 thing plz  i got real cranky every time i died"
76561198279953428,Recommended,588950,33795891,Posted: 25 July,all,Big Black Diggs,It's pretty dope
,Recommended,588950,33643166,Posted: 18 July,all,oshie | ⚛,Genius. 10/10 indie
,Recommended,588950,33644970,Posted: 18 July,all,dylangshattuck,Oddly Addicting
,Recommended,588950,34564420,Posted: 28 August,all,Pugs,This game is pretty litty
,Recommended,588950,33637116,Posted: 18 July,all,DrDraxi,"This ""OS"" works better than Windows 10."
,Recommended,588950,33643453,Posted: 18 July,all,Infinitynull,"I was watching T.V. This game was being advertised. I loved the look of it. Downloaded it, nolife stat = 9999999."
,Recommended,588950,33646185,Posted: 19 July,all,Yotokupu,Amazing
76561198074703563,Recommended,588950,33696703,Posted: 21 July,all,Ryzara,"One of the best game ive ever played, Very underated but if you like a different experience everytime you play then this is the game for you"
76561198007897761,Not Recommended,588950,33755955,Posted: 23 July,all,etheric42,"Cute, but a little too finnicky chasing moving popups for my taste."
76561198028783151,Not Recommended,588950,33744273,Posted: 23 July,all,Johnny Law,Fun for 5 hours I guess.
,Not Recommended,588950,33675837,Posted: 20 July,all,Hesh Ballantine,"The interface-as-game concept is cute and elicited a few surprise laughs, but it wears thin quickly, and there's not really enough actual game there to make up for it once the novelty wears off. Refund requested at the time of writing."
,Not Recommended,588950,33652922,Posted: 19 July,all,pango,"Modeling the game like an operating system is a great idea but it would have been cooler if they put some things in there that weren't directly to do with the game like a text editor, a calculator, a calendar, a simplistic spreadsheet etc. Instead you quickly realize that it's just the game elements like character screen, inventory etc. and that it's actually quite annoying that they behave like separate windows instead of being in fixed places not overlapping. It's nice that you can put elements where you want but enemy windows pop up where they decide to which often covers your important information. The game also does not save your window positions.As for those enemy windows popping up, that is the part of the game I most hate. I realize it's part of the gameplay that the enemy windows move while you are trying to click on them and that things like bombs and arrows pop up as fast moving windows you have to click on while doing everything else to be ""realistic"" but I don't want tests of hand/eye co-ordination requiring precision and speed on the mouse in an rpg. I would prefer the tactical grid combat of a true roguelike in place of this test of my real life dexterity and agility.There's too much double-clicking required all the time as you play too. Sometimes you can go right click then select open instead but it's still annoying.I'm also not a fan of the roguelite progression where you earn gems while playing that you later use to give yourself permanent advantages. I'm especially not happy about one of those advantages being unlocking shortcut keys for various windows in the game. I'm not sure if this will even let you redefine a key once you have unlocked it but I would guess not.The bottom line is that what at first appears to be an innovative, deep rpg with procedural elements turns out to gimmicky, shallow, encounter-based rpg which enforces a certain method of user interaction. The gimmick (fake operating system) is only realized enough to suit the game which is an opportunity missed.(No linux version available)"
,Not Recommended,588950,34064920,Posted: 6 August,all,MonitorOnFire #NãoRelou,"Fun at first, but i couldn´t play it for more than 1 hour without getting boredThis review is negative because of the price, that doesn´t pay the experience of this gamefotunately I had time to ask for the refound"
,Not Recommended,588950,33710429,Posted: 21 July,all,skatche,"Not really worth ten bucks. It's a bit fun, but mainly as a joke, not so much as a game."
76561198268981992,Not Recommended,588950,34036575,Posted: 5 August,all,jrjr3000,"Please don't waste your money on this game! All you do is click buttons, and get random items such as Skulls. It looked fun from the trailers, but it really isn't. It is an absolute MESS of a ""game""."
,Not Recommended,588950,33632448,Posted: 18 July,all,JD,"I was pretty interested for awhile, but after I played about 30 minutes of it and realized that the E3 pre-pre show showcased all that the game had to offer I quickly became bored."
76561197983665045,Not Recommended,588950,34152903,Posted: 10 August,all,Mavac,"What can I say, I found it boring. But I find all games boring these days."
,Recommended,588950,33636724,Posted: 18 July,all,SecretShop,"Fun, clutter filled gameplay where screen organization is one of the main skills. Fun builds, skills, and classes to try at only 10$. Wonderful game."
,Recommended,588950,33678557,Posted: 20 July,all,PrinceHamlet,"This game is fun. I havnt played it for too long yet, but I can easily see myself getting sucked into hours of playing it. Old programs from an old school OS take the role of status windows, map, etc. There is a win amp for the music even. Its an interesting way of playing an old school style rpg like Dragon Warrior and what not."
,Recommended,588950,33664341,Posted: 19 July,all,Magefist,"I thought this was a fantastic game.The way the map works is very similar to FTL: Faster Than Light, so if you're a fan of it, this game might be for you. The combat system is very simple, yet sometimes requires quick reflexes. Multiple classes, and each playthrough is different, so it has replayablility. The UI is pretty neat also."
,Recommended,588950,33664964,Posted: 19 July,all,CreativeInput,"This game is very interesting because it hasn't been done in a long time. Though, I am afraid that the game might be too hard but that might just be the learning curve while playing the game (knowing when to attack, to flee and where to go). Kingsway is just a simple game but its multitasking and user interface makes it unique to other games in this day and age. I'll be honest and say that this type of game isn't for everyone but if the game interests you then pick it up and try it, I'm pretty sure that you won't regret it. If you put several hours in the game then you'll soon enjoy it too. Again, the game might be faulty because others might dislike the fact that you start completely over when you die but you'll  receive some of your items back (one to be exact). Anyways, I do not want to spoil the game but it's best if you try the game for yourself. Overall, the game is great and is very unique."
,Recommended,588950,33650136,Posted: 19 July,all,One_Truth,"A very addictive game with a fun interface and good gameplay, it is definitely worth it for the price"
76561198099278261,Recommended,588950,33642667,Posted: 18 July,all,A blender,This game has a very nice nostalgic feeling to it and is an incredible chill game that you can spend 15 minutes or hours playing. if you're looking for a chill rogue-like sort of game get this it's very much worth ten dollars
,Recommended,588950,33689507,Posted: 20 July,all,Ranen,"Absolutely loved this game. If you enjoy the aesthetic, and can really get immersed into the premise (which its not-too-pushy tutorial and organized setup helps facilitate), then you are in for a treat because varied mechanics, purposeful tactical choices, and incredibly personalized RPG experience drive this quirky game to spending rivetting successful runs, or fun casual ventures for the roguelite adventure. I've gone through one successful runs after quite a few learning trials, and I enjoyed every playthrough. Moreover, I still want to play, as it has a decent level of replay value. For 10$, this is a good buy. On a sale, it is an essential unique indie roguelite rpg."
76561197970702049,Recommended,588950,33719877,Posted: 22 July,all,Ulysses31,"Great little game, worth the price!"
,Recommended,588950,33722465,Posted: 22 July,all,MeatBuckler,"OK, this game is WAY more fun than I had anticipated.Wierdly addictive too, and requiring some skill and timing to become decent at it.Look, It's ten bucks nd you will at least get a few hours of enjoyment out of it."
,Recommended,588950,33754401,Posted: 23 July,all,Vsauce Michael,"Right when I saw the commercial for this game on Adult Swim, I knew I had to get this game. It is a very unique concept and has one of my favorite OSTs.Official Soundtrack free download if you like it as much as me:https://superjoebob.bandcamp.com/album/kingsway"
,Recommended,588950,33718377,Posted: 22 July,all,Xbob42,"Thought I'd get it just because it looked like a silly premise, basically like a joke. But then I played it for an hour and a half straight and only stopped because it's 4AM. It's not perfectly balanced or anything, but it's genuinely fun and very unique."
,Recommended,588950,33709522,Posted: 21 July,all,Squire of Ramsalottington,Bizarre premise for a game and delightfully entertaining. I never thought I'd have fun chasing a popup around my screen to avoid getting hit by a fireball.
76561198025625270,Recommended,588950,33707768,Posted: 21 July,all,xterminal86,Thumbs up for this one. Never played operating system roguelike RPG before.
76561198045063484,Recommended,588950,33706497,Posted: 21 July,all,SirBoat,A fantastic RPG I wasnt sure that the foe operating system would add  much more than being a little quirky to the game but I was wrong its great and well worth a play
76561198077447671,Recommended,588950,33775300,Posted: 24 July,all,McMuffin,"I really love and enjoy the game. It came with a bit of a learning curve at first but know that I know what I'm doing, this game is great, and I certainly will be racking up the hours played on this game."
76561198010235900,Recommended,588950,33780700,Posted: 24 July,all,Jay Garret,TRIGGERS A LIZARD BRAIN PANIC 10/10. Don't play while sleepy or youll misclick your self right to death.
76561197993649667,Recommended,588950,33798825,Posted: 25 July,all,EmperorZoltan,"Excellent RPG, very cool usage of an old windows OS for the visuals. Levelling system gives you tons of options and ways of doing essentially the same things, mage is so far the best class imo.Well worth a shot for a measly $10, give it a go!"
,Recommended,588950,33803596,Posted: 26 July,all,Kepz,"Wonderfully creative and well designed, through and through.Kingsway's retro operating system styling is an oxymoron in the sense that it is both nostalgic, and innovative.I love the attention to detail, with the humming of hard drives as you take actions, the way monster windows move around as if they were the monsters themselves, even the quests being written as if they were coming from an old spam email advertisement.While playing around with the UI itself is fun enough, there's even a roguelike RPG in there that's really good too!This is one of those games that, for $10, is something every fan of indie gems should have in their Steam account."
76561198054002478,Recommended,588950,33824983,Posted: 26 July,all,Scaleofthought,"Like the style. the 0.8 hours flew by. Felt like only 10 minutes.Everything felt natural and simple.I immediately turned on the cursor trail once I found that option.The combat really was interesting. Windows with arrows or fireball icons pop up and move around with a loading bar with an ""AVOID"" button during combat. It added a simple layer of skill requirement to add some challenges to fighting.Ontop of that, I fought a boss that spawned skeletons. Each skeleton added another shifting window that you could choose to attack, or not. I definately had a few panic moments where I felt overwhelmed, but I overcame. I feel like that's a fine line to get right, but something that they nailed.I learned you can keep windows open for potions to give you quick usage access. Window Management became a thing, but it wasn't a bad thing. I really enjoyed being able to organize my desktop.I died early, because of reasons... But I really enjoyed what I played so far."
76561198117883746,Recommended,588950,33827168,Posted: 27 July,all,Calvin cool,Do you want to go on an epic quest to save the world form the skybeast? or do you want to become the dark lord of the underworld let the world die? or do you want to be the dark lord and save the world? buy this game and jump into the simple yet amazing world of kingsway. (the music is also the some of the best stuff i've heard too)
76561198211912976,Recommended,588950,33811131,Posted: 26 July,all,tomandpug123,An amazing casual roguelike rpg!
76561198103094743,Recommended,588950,33822646,Posted: 26 July,all,Bowfin,"While the game is charming and unique in its style with an enjoyable 8-bit style of music, it lacks a few things. There is a very small set of incounters in the world that leads to spamming through dialog and loosing interest rather quickly. The number of classes with story unlocks keep the playthroughs interesting with the RNG of items and fights though the fighting mechanic isnt that enjoyable with clicking every couple of seconds on a moving window. I think if this game gets updates with increased content for the adventure and maybe worked on some ballance issues this game could have some longevity but otherwise it wont last long as an installed game in my library. Over all it is a fun game if looking for a small game to sink a few hours in this is not a bad choice. For the price tag of 10 bucks it is worth the experience, even if it needs some more content to keep the game fresh."
76561198043874649,Recommended,588950,33845743,Posted: 27 July,all,Zhrang,A wonderful rogue-like game with a lot of content and some very interesting and enjoyable features that I've not seen before.
,Recommended,588950,33845606,Posted: 27 July,all,vorro,It's kinda like castle of the winds but if windows 98 OSR2 had other ways to take out its passive-aggressive anger beyond just BSODing all the ♥♥♥♥ing timethis should be taken as incredibly high praise
76561198045446309,Recommended,588950,33800688,Posted: 25 July,all,saumanahaii,"A quick, fun rogue-like.  The retro aesthetics (the pixel art is the least of it) hides a very fun game, even if the interface and some of the mechanics are purposefully a bit annoying.  A playthrough won't take more than a few hours, and the difficulty isn't punishing enough to make me drop it.  There is a more difficult mode for sadists,though you have to unlock it.One warning: I got one of the endings on my second playthrough, after a thoroughly disastrous first run.  But there are still five more for me to get, and plenty of classes for me to explore, so I plan on making this my lunchbreak game.  If that's what you're looking for, this game is totally worth the money."
,Recommended,588950,33799183,Posted: 25 July,all,ProfFrnswrth,Yes! Hands down one of the most fun and original rouge-like games I have played this year! This constantly has me coming back for more after I die and would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys the rouge type games!
,Recommended,588950,33907076,Posted: 30 July,all,1ffland,"Feels like the RPG brain child of FTL dating Windows 95 in a random fantasy setting.I guess the most remarkable thing about it Kingsway is the interface which really gives you this nostalgia hate-love feeling of Windows 95 or even 3.1: Everything is done via windows - i mean real windows like inventory window, character window, etc. - you got it.In the beginning i thought its just about managing a group of adventureres but in the end you only move one avatar - which you can choose in the beginning. Afterwards it´s a bit roguelike like FTL where you have to move constantly and slowly on the map from left to right because otherwise the darkness that overcomes the kingdom challenges you constantly with fights - so it´s not constantly upleveling until you overcome every enemy - no - you have to choose your travels wisely to level up but also make progress on the map.The RPG elements are fun - everything is a bit repetive in the end but still enjoyable enough to get you going for 10 ,- €. There is also some kind of small metagame that allows you to buy advantages the next time you retry to win the game or compete with others on daily maps.It´s even more fun than my summary here - go and get it if you like what you see on the screenshots. You won´t get disappointed."
,Recommended,588950,33915025,Posted: 30 July,all,tgpannell92,"So, this game is incredibly solid.Some pros are: Leveling up feels great, and you do feel like you're making progress. Points invested in Burn as a Mage, for example, have a distinct effect and it all is very satisfying. The combat is unique and requires a little effort to pull off. Just enough to where I feel like I can lean back and handle it, but not to where I can walk away and everything would be fine.There are more pros, but a couple cons to round things out: Because the leveling and gameplay gives you that sense of progress, dying when you're level 15 or so, optimized as hell, and at the final boss all because you blew through your potions trying to escape from a powerful Knight literally 15 times before it finally works is... disheartening, to say the least. The failures (unless they're early on) feel like wasted time, and with no REAL permanent upgrades you can get, that feeling is compounded. The gem shop is nice, but basically relegating it to starting items doesn't ease my pain.Anyway, the game overall is a ton of fun and finding defeat isn't the end of the world. The game is quick and easy enough to pick back up, though maybe after a screaming break."
,Recommended,588950,33914026,Posted: 30 July,all,Almost an Emmy Winner,"This is probably one of my favorite games that I have played this year, especially for the 10 dollar price tag this game gave me exactly what I was looking for. While I wish there were more varying encounters you could have, its usual bandits, a house, man in trouble or bystander. The core gameplay is very solid, and it carried my enjoyment up until I recently beat it (which felt really good), It needs more variety and maybe a few other win cons. But it has already given me about 6 hours of enjoyment and I'm sure there will be a lot more.Pros+ Cheap+ Amazing interface+ Replayability - kinda (get more into it later)+ Different play styles depending on class+ A nice operating systemCons- Needs more encounters- Needs more unlockables- Needs more win consReally, if the dev puts any more time into this game I can see it being one of the best 10 dollar games on steam. It's just so short of gold, I can really see this game flourishing. I highly recommend it even in its current state, and I think if you're a fan of interesting indie games and rouge likes it's a game you should pick up."
76561198135026581,Recommended,588950,33960566,Posted: 1 August,all,The Dark Gremlin♣™,fun little game i suggest you have a large moniter
76561198077444306,Recommended,588950,33960476,Posted: 1 August,all,BrenTenkage,"Good artwork, good mechanics, a pretty fun RPG. Yeah I recommend it for fans of Rouge Lites and RPGS"
,Recommended,588950,34066828,Posted: 6 August,all,fromlinesofred,"I am loving this game. It's got a great art-style, well-crafted gameplay, and can be very addictive.Would highly recommend this game, and hope that the devs keep updating and adding more."
76561198119590214,Recommended,588950,34058341,Posted: 6 August,all,☭ Comrade Blyad ☭,"You know I could just write a review for this game that just say ""spoopy boners lol"" but in all seriousness, this is a really fun and unique concept for a game that I suggest everybody should try. However I don't think it's worth $10."
76561198059292669,Recommended,588950,33981795,Posted: 2 August,all,Switt,"Just buy this game, don't even wait for a sale or anything.This will put a smile on your face."
,Recommended,588950,34012893,Posted: 4 August,all,Fayt,This game is fun and unique in the way the rpg interface is set up and has 5 different endings to play through. but the thing that makes the game worthwile is the rougue like elements that randomize the world so each run feels a bit different. however this game suffers with variety in each run so even with the randomly generated worlds it ends up feeling the same towards the end. at the moment i give the game a 4/5 but if they continue to add new content or steam workshop this game could truly be one of those games you can't put down
76561198042398656,Recommended,588950,34011235,Posted: 4 August,all,Skamper  Gunallen,"Hear about this game from a youtube video so as to be expected I really did not think I would be getting much because of the price tag, I must say that I was gravely mistaken, out of the 20-so games I got during the sales all going in between 5-50 dollars in price range for one that was so much cheaper to be this much more entertaining was truly amazing.I highly suggest this game any day of the week if one has the time to spare."
,Recommended,588950,34002209,Posted: 3 August,all,Oeftigernichlas,Really good
76561198333715417,Recommended,588950,34100771,Posted: 8 August,all,zhachen,"interesting idea, unique UIbut I believe that it could have done a better job.why not add more plots and elements of map?"
76561198066022068,Recommended,588950,34402739,Posted: 21 August,all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"The whole reason to play this game is for the user interface. It's an extremely unique presentation that is very charming and still works quite effectively. Combat is a lot more interesting than your average roguelike with real time combat involving pop ups and moving windows.It is dissapointingly shallow in a lot of ways. World events are extremely repetitive, item list is small, & no difficulty settings are the main flaws. Diffulcty may be tough for those new to rougelikes but people who have played ToME or FTL will likely find it pretty easy, so a few options would have really helped here.Still would recommend just because its unique, but unless you are achievement hunting there isnt a lot of game here, buy it on sale."
,Recommended,588950,33933718,Posted: 31 July,all,Waglir,"Too short. 4 hours in and already finished the game. Could've probably faster I just spent too much time grinding.Overall, it's very addictive and it's most importantly fun! I love the retro roque vibe!"
,Recommended,588950,33935364,Posted: 31 July,all,LateLJ,"Really fun, short RPG!I managed to ""win"" the game on my first try, but there is still more endings to come!"
,Recommended,588950,33950858,Posted: 1 August,all,BrodyB,Rogue-like with a really clever design direction. Really love this!
76561197997114254,Recommended,588950,33961302,Posted: 1 August,all,Gand Alf,"I do really enjoy this game. It's fun, interesting, and tests both your patience and gets decently challenging by the end (mostly from all the clicking). I do find it significantly easy playing the warrior, especially if you focus on passive abilities that revolve around crit life-steal and crit stuns.My only complaints are that the game does not remember your UI setup if you exit, even if you resume a previous character. It's also easy to lose loot items if you accidentally close the loot window before you're done. If those things were fixed I'd be in heaven.All in all, decent replayability (if only to beat it with all the characters) I'd say worth the $10."
76561198041429282,Recommended,588950,33961329,Posted: 1 August,all,maneatingmeg,"Some folks are saying this game isn't worth the 10 bucks, but for a few hours of good fun and an interesting concept, I would say it's definitely worth the price. There are different classes to choose from, interesting items to find, and the music ain't bad. Permadeath exists in this game, but when you die you can unlock permanent upgrades, which include things like unlocking hotkeys(useful when a zombie attacks you and causes your items screen to close). I'll be playing this on and off for a while, I can already tell."
76561197970545070,Recommended,588950,33970788,Posted: 2 August,all,jay,"Simply one of the most distinctive games of 2017 and a massive cause of ""just one more go""-itus.Excellent stuff!"
76561198079725226,Recommended,588950,33980974,Posted: 2 August,all,⚑BannerMan⚑,Amazing and affordable.  This game is so fun and unique I recommend it to literally everyone.
,Recommended,588950,34222116,Posted: 13 August,all,Marshall Is A Demon Apparently,"Saw Vinny from Vinesauce play this game and I love it. It can be kinda unforgiving, but mostly if you're an idiot."
,Recommended,588950,34220926,Posted: 13 August,all,"Tyler ""Stud Money"" Bonafacelli","I bought this game because of the UI. It took me back to the old-days of nicely integrated desktop games, especially on the Mac OS, like Wizardly and Shadowgate.The game is a fun and simple rogue-lite-like as they say. It's very simple, though. The variety of equipment types is quite small, the variety of skills, enemies, and locations - all quite small. But it's OK. I had a blast for a nice handful of hours. Sweet tunes, sweet visuals, really steady progression.It's a simple game but it's WELL TUNED - and that's what matters.When I saw this I immediately paid full price, again, just because of the UI - but when I was clicking 'purchase' I basically knew 'if I wait a couple months this'll probably be 60% off'. I don't think it's undergoing any further development or anything. It is what it is. It's a tiny little game in an adorable box.I really hope they make a sequel."
76561198184937071,Recommended,588950,34218071,Posted: 13 August,all,Derpgod315,"Came here from Northenlion's ""Let's Look At: Kingsway"" and i thought the game looked quite interesting and seeing my favorite youtuber play it gave it some points aswell. After watching Baertaffy play the game for a couple hours it was settled; I'd be buying Kingsway. Due to it's gimmick (and i don't mean this in a bad way) it is fantastic for nostalgia and allows for very different and unique gameplay. My only issues with the game come with some lack of variety and some of the dialogue is pretty meh. Even so it has very fun and replayable combat, FANTASTIC music, and pleasing visuals. Definitely a game you should pick up and well worth the 10 dollars."
,Recommended,588950,34244800,Posted: 14 August,all,muttsnutts,"Its a one trick pony but that trick will keep you playing for 2 or 3 runs.  I can't see myself playing it too much again though, gets a bit repetative after a while."
76561198195616657,Recommended,588950,34248472,Posted: 14 August,all,The Magic Man,It Was a great game that is alot of fun!I enjoy the different selection of cursors and the theme of the game.8/10
76561198025681823,Recommended,588950,34249659,Posted: 14 August,all,Netscape Navigator v2.02,This game is a lot of fun.  The quirky ads on Adult Swim got my attention as I'd played plenty of games like this in the 90s.  The OS/menu interface is all that I hoped it would be.  The music is stellar.  The game itself is somewhat short but there's replayability through alternate classes and endings.
,Recommended,588950,34258731,Posted: 15 August,all,Skeleton Lord,"This game will beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and you will ask for moreKingsway offers a randomnly generated world for you to explore in with the only thing staying the same is the rule of ""Stronger Enemies in the East""Pros:Replayability due to RNGQuests stay the same but appear at different timesHelpful tips and hints given by NPCs you meet in random eventsDifferent playstyles for different peopleChallenging but still fun to playCons:You have to unlock hotkeysSome classes feel way stronger then othersCarry weight is capped at 25 lbsCan be very stressful if you aren't readyOver all the game is well worth the $10 price"
76561198002228783,Recommended,588950,34261316,Posted: 15 August,all,Pphammer,GG
76561197993251888,Recommended,588950,34709401,Posted: 3 September,all,jlew5,"Weird RPG/OS cross bread. The video doesn't do it any favours where in fact it is a rougue like treasure, and hysterical and innovative..."
,Recommended,588950,34762639,Posted: 5 September,all,kirby233,I love the Windows 98 like interface. Very original idea. The game won't go easy on you at first. Takes a bit of time to learn the strategies and builds that work.
,Recommended,588950,34827880,Posted: 8 September,all,Cool Blue Link,"What happens if you make your OS operating system into a video game? Well this is the result I suppose... Kingsway is a great roleplaying game which I highly recommend. Just look up vinesauce and watch his play through as a beastkin... Hotel Mario eating longswords and what not is what you will get.I wish there was a little bit more to do on the desktop part of the game... For a indie game it is great. If you allow for more custom stuff, We here at steam enjoy modding games and I think the modding comunity would love it as well.( I am fully aware that you can change how everything looks with gems or changing the portrait of the character but... those are all but small changes.)"
76561198164477082,Recommended,588950,35014983,Posted: 16 September,all,SeaSalt,"This game looks amazing, plays in a very challenging and fun way, and I'm begging the creators to make so much more content for this game, new items, classes, character customization options, enemies, locations, etc.but mostly I want to see this game with different themes besides medievil fantasy, I would pay for this game again and again if there was Sci-fi versions and apocalypse versions, it would just be amazinganyway, great game, 10/10 would play again and again and again <3"
,Recommended,588950,35042737,Posted: 18 September,all,Yui As A Tree,One of the best expririences I had in a long time.10/10
,Recommended,588950,35068660,Posted: 19 September,all,risacheeese,This game has a unique and interesting play style!!
,Recommended,588950,35055823,Posted: 18 September,all,CARNY666,I wasn't sure at first but this little game won my heart. I love it.
,Recommended,588950,35037297,Posted: 17 September,all,Snake Oil Vendor,A classic rpg with enought twists to it's mechanics with turned based combat for a different and fun experience across multiple playthroughs.  9/10
76561198126207049,Recommended,588950,35054895,Posted: 18 September,all,A COLL EEG,Has more themes than windows 10
76561198251174304,Recommended,588950,35321277,Posted: 29 September,all,934587911,"There is no story. And most of the time I do not even open music window. It's just so much fun to click on those windows to smash everything, avoid arrows and pick up every possible loot.Would recommand it when it is on sale."
76561198089148637,Recommended,588950,35314204,Posted: 29 September,all,Capt. Corgi,"quick version, this game is very unique and alot of fun.Long versionPros: Controlable difficulty. If you run to the left the whole time never stopping to grind and get money and XP you will die, you have to ballence it.Items that seem to be mostly random allowing for almost infinte replayablity (as far as I can tell)Fairness, Alot of games have fetures that can just be like, Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself. This game does not have many things that are just insant death/ screwing you over.Cons: Its a tad expensive for what it is but its justifiably in my opinion.This list of cons is short."
,Recommended,588950,35461087,Posted: 3 October,all,koji,9.5/10make it for mac
