user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,589290,35160294,Posted: 23 September,all,♥ Rebecca ♥,"Holdfast: Nations At War was a long awaited game to succeed its closest predecessor in style - Mount and Blade Warband: Napoleonic Wars. It is set in the perilous reign of Napoleon Bonaparte, a French Emperor who managed to bring nations to their knees before a mighty coalition repulsed the tyrant and restored order to Europe. History lesson over.It is worth noting that despite the fact that I positively reviewed this game, it does have shortcomings, and unfortunately, they are quite critical to the feel of the game. I, personally, recommend it regardless...but if you were after a well-made game with relatively few flaws, this is not a title you should be looking at just yet.To start off with, the first thing you'll notice in this game is that the graphics are amazing. Keeping in mind that it was made by three developers who self-funded the project, it puts modern titles made by bigger companies to shame. The developers did an excellent job with everything about the visuals of this game, from adding realistic lighting, appealing textures, realistic weathers to which the environment realistically reacts and so much more. The gun smoke looks incredible and really helps to make the battles feel just that bit more immersive. The detail in the game is also incredible. The uniforms are designed very well, and look authentic to the era and the faction under which they are used. Weapons are historically accurate, and designed both differently and extremely well, with the French using the Charleville muskets - noticeably different to the British Brown Bess, and the officer's pistols also being accurate in design to that of their respective nation. Nothing in this game looks out of place.As well as looking, this game also feels very realistic. Aided immensely by the graphics and the detail that went into the authentic props and the battlefield carnage, the game also makes it surprisingly hard to identify friend from foe. This is not done in a game destroying way, but in that from a distance, you can see a soldier, but you cannot often make out his side. While the standard Red (British) and Blue (French) uniforms for line infantry are easy to understand, it is when you get Musicians, Sailors, and sharpshooters that you will find yourself firing at your own team. This is realistic, and such mistakes have happened in historical battles. The game also feels realistic with regards to how the weapons work. While reload times are not 30 seconds (because that would be boring) the sequence is accurate to that of the era, and how the weapons actually fire is too. You can be spread out in close quarter combat firing at each other with surprisingly few casualties - as it would have been like back in the day due the lack of reliability and accuracy of the weapons. This was the reason they used to fight in lines in the first place.And finally, the integration of Naval Battles and Coastal Siege etc was a very welcomed introduction. The cross over from land to Naval warfare all within one theatre of combat is wild, and extremely fun to take part in. The Naval battles do only feature small ships such as sloops, but they are well designed and take visible damage, as well as having many functional parts, and unlike Warband, the game can handle it. It is not glitchy and everything from the ship to the cannons to the muskets handle well.For all of its good points, though, there are things that let this game down, and they should be addressed, so as both to inform the buyer, and hopefully aid the developers in refining this so-far amazing project which they have undertaken.In no particular order, then, here are things about the game that I cannot praise:- The Melee. It uses a similar system to Warband in that there are 4 ways of block and attack (or two ways of attack for muskets) but the system is very badly made, and consequently, melee is unbelievably hard. Attack animations are slow, and not very responsive. Melee at the moment is a lot more down to luck than skill, unlike in Warband where skill was critical. This leads me on to responsiveness of controls in general. Switching from melee to shooting is slow, and sometimes does not work, which means that you cannot break your reload and will inevitably be killed as you can only walk while reloading a weapon. It would be nice to see this fixed, sooner rather than later.- No server filters. As of yet, you cannot filter out just the servers that you want, excluding those with high ping and no players, etc. For ease of use, this feature does need adding to the game, but while not convenient, it is not crippling to its quality. It is worth noting too, that sometimes the server player count is wrong, and will give the impression that there are a certain number of players on a server which is not true. It may be full, for example, or empty, and be showing 78 players in it.- No character customisation. This would be a much-appreciated feature to the game. I don't expect the choice of a female character if they are aiming for realism, but at least the option to do something with the appearance of your character would be welcomed by a lot of us.- Lack of nations and cavalry. The game has only got Navy and Infantry classes at the time of this review, and the only two nations available are France and the United Kingdom. The developers are working on adding more content to the game, though, so this isn't something that should put you off buying it.- Lack of sub-classes in units, and descriptions of loadout etc. Finally, the only other disadvantage I can think of is that the spawn menu allows you to pick “Line officer”, “Line Infantry”, “Light Infantry”, “Rifles”, “Guards” etc, but there are no sub-options like there was in Mount and Blade: Warband. There is no way to play as a “Guard Captain” for example, or a “Rifleman Bugler” etc. This does feel quite limiting, and I hope that the developers will implement this feature soon. It would also be nice to see a description of each class’ loadout so we can assess the advantages and disadvantages of playing as one of them. As an extra level of detail, it would be good to have the option to change the loadout slightly where possible, say from a pistol as a sailor to a musket, which they would also have used.Overall, though, this game has done really well. It is only early days, and with a lot of support and feedback from the community, I feel like the developers can do a very good job of this title. You can tell that a lot of time and hard work went into the creation of it, and I am keen to see it succeed both for the developers and for the community. I would give this game a strong 7/10, for what we have is largely well made. It would just be so much better were the faults to be fixed, but of course, we must give them time. Thank you for taking the time to read my review."
,Recommended,589290,35179331,Posted: 24 September,all,[KGL] Ryan,"As somebody who has been active in the Napoleonic Wars Linebattle community for over 8 years now, starting back in Battlegrounds 2, and following Mount and Musket and M&B Napoleonic Wars, I was really looking forward to the early access release of Holdfast: Nations at War and from all what I have seen so far, I have not been disappointed although you can clearly see that the game is still in an Alpha Status.So let's start with a the pros & cons before going into the summary and recommendation:Pros:+ The games graphics are quite nice and enjoyable, especially on high graphic settings, although I must admit that the graphic style might not be liked by everybody. The graphic details especially  are really nice and show the devotion to the game by the developers.+ The game mechanics are, all in all, quite solid for an early access game compared to other early access games I have played so far. The game is playable and enjoyable, although you can clearly see that there is need for more updates, tuning and reworking things like the melee system.+ The different game modes are enjoyable and already have a high variation from 'Army Battle' - which is basically the Linebattle mode - over Siege, Coastal Siege or classic TDM to full Navy Battles where you fight ship against ship. Everybody who enjoys playing in the Napoleonic era can find a play style for himself.+ The great potential the game has to offer is also a positive argument for Holdfast in my opinion. Especially seeing the roadmap of the developers to include features like cavalry and more, I think that the game can become quite great. Although I am sure it is still a lot of work to include all the mentioned features and fixes, the current status of the game already shows the developers' devotion towards it.Cons- The game mechanics still show a kind of roughness, especially the melee system. There needs to be a reworking of this so that for example the melee fights become enjoyable and smooth. The hit-box detection can be quite frustrating at the moment when you hit an enemy on your screen but the hit is not counted, so your opponent doesn't take damage. The same goes for the Naval Battles where the end status of the ships is not taken into consideration for the round result - also the handling of the ships is quite weird in the sense of manoeuvring and hit reactions on enemy ships. These things need to be fixed soon, but I am confident that this is not a feasible goal.- The problem with high server latency is something that is currently being worked on but at the current state of the game it is quite a huge problem, because it makes playing on a full server nearly impossible. But as I said, the developers are currently working on this.- Some animations are missing or need some reworking, like for example the hit reaction in melee, which is missing at the moment. I would appreciate some reworking of the sword fighting animations since they look quite unnatural.Summary & RecommendationAll in all I can say Holdfast: Nations at War is a solid early access game in which you can learn the basic game mechanics and enjoy different game modes already with nice graphics. It is a great opportunity to get an impression of battles in the Napoleonic era although some things are tarnishing the game experience. The melee system needs reworking and attentive updates so it becomes smoother and more reactive towards the players mouse input, for example in blocking. Warband shows a very good example of how a smooth and quick melee system can work and I am sure the developers have this topic on their to-do-list. Still the very basic game mechanics are working and the game is not ""unplayable"" as some other reviews might suggest.For people like me, that enjoy the Napoleonic era in general, playing as a  Napoleonic soldier and fighting in melee or with a gunpowder weapon, may it be on land or on sea, it is an enjoyable experience already. Especially as soon as the high latency issue is fixed. But keep in mind that the game is still early access and some people might get frustrated by the weird hit-box detection or the very slow and unresponsive melee game play. If you expect to be frustrated by those current issues I would suggest you wait for further updates and development before you actually buy Holdfast.For everyone else I can recommend the game. As future updates release I will update the review."
76561198029421683,Recommended,589290,35241837,Posted: 27 September,all,daKingInDaNorf,"This video pretty sums up my experience with Holdfasthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCe4NXhxlfoFirst of all, this game has tons of protential and a lot of people are expecting way too much to be completed considering this is an alpha with its' first week of being released, and already the devs have done a lot.People need to understand that we pay for early access so devs recieve money to fund their game- that is the entire point of early access. It's good to know that they're using the money well, and I hope to see their dev team expand.On to the review. This game is pretty much the same as NW-Warband with the addition of enjoyable naval battles, naval sieges, better graphics and character animations. That isn't a bad thing, as Napoleonic Wars was perfect in its' own way, it's great to see a game that was left barren by the community be revived in Holdfast. I rejoined a regiment I left almost 3 years ago, and have been addicted to it since release.The problem is; this game will not survive under nostalgia. I seriously do hope that they can add far more than their planned tornuments, maybe in the far future, a coop campaign to play in all of Napoleons battles with your regiment and to fight against large AI armies could be a promising change of pace for those who don't always want a loose multiplayer experience and might want a fun campaign in their with characters. And should Holdfast be stuck in the Napoleonic wars? I don't think so, why not move this into multiple eras and fronts. The War of 1812, the American Revolution, the American Civil War, the 7 years war and so on. I'm sure once mods are enabled, people will attempt these anyway- but why not include them into the base game? Of course, this is all far out of the minds of the devs who are just trying to build upon the base game. Though I hope they read this and consider the massive possibilities of creating a huge game that people will come back to for years. I would not want to see this game fade like NW.Anyway, this is just my first review. Once the devs move this into beta, I'll make a final opinion on it. I recommend this ONLY IF you are willing to push through expected bugs from an early access game. These guys aren't AAA, they are a small team and have done a great job so far and are already active in fixing bugs. Buy at your own risk. If you aren't an NW player, then you may feel less inclined to play this until it has more content."
,Recommended,589290,35120434,Posted: 21 September,all,Blitzy,"Well put together game, especially for a rookie dev team and it being the launch build of an early access game, there's a good variety of game modes and features to fill out the $20 price tag. The combat is accessable enough for more casual players but has the depth to be much more with communication. There's really only the lackluster Melee combat that holds this game back at the moment but the team is commited to improving. I'm looking forward to seeing where this game goes and I hope it does succeed in the long run.Current Score: 9/10"
76561198034978508,Recommended,589290,35130765,Posted: 22 September,all,PREDATOR,"*The current issue that annoys me most and i bet it happened to most of you**Spawns first than teammates.*Runs to the front canon*Grabs canon ball and reloads the canon.*Takes aim, only to get shot by a team mate that called mental ""dibs""on that canon. (Don't be that guy).-The Positive points-+The game is awesome, wonderful graphics , amazing sound and athmosphere.+The naval battles and the level of destruction is insane, the sound of the canons hiting the boat and destroying several parts of the ship sending people flying,the masts falling to the water can create some memorable moments.+All the other game types are fun and well balanced, costal siege and Naval being my favorites so far.+Requires team play to win, it is almost impossible to be alone and conquer something important. #Teamplay is key for sucess.+The game is great and I highly Recommend it, has some minor issues and it needs some work but can be easly fixed, that's why we have Alpha... to fix all the problems ;) So good luck to the dev team :)-Some suggestions--The combat needs to be worked on ( up and down defence directional sytem is laggy and buggy).-The ping can get insane some times ( but the devs are working on it).- People spaming the (V) menu making a shout fest- can be fun but also annoying sometimes (maybe add a cooldown from 5 frases to 2).-People abusing the microphone ( lack of a mute button).-Team killers and the lack of punishment (I will explain how to deal with the TKrs bellow)--- Enable Autokick in the servers (The players that kill 2-3 friendlys will be banned for a period of time).---Enable Votekick poll( make kick pool voting with a 5 minutes cooldown to avoid spam of votekicking polls).---Teammates shooting at your boat will also receive a negative score equal to the damage given.---Teammates with negative score that team killed or damaged a friendly ship will be denied priority of spwan over people that didn't team kill or made any sort of damage to friendly's.P.S- The Review will be updated frequently - 9/22/2017 Early Acess"
76561198014749757,Not Recommended,589290,35112967,Posted: 21 September,all,Shakiri,"22/09/17 - EA AlphaMelee focused reviewAs a Warband Native player, melee is very important to me and was the thing I was most concerned about when watching the pre-release videos. Upon release I am pretty disappointed with the melee combat system, at its current stage it's very barebones and basic.Obviously the devs have said that melee combat is a major aspect of the game that they want to improve, however as of now it is aab (average at best). Some of my issues with the melee I've listed below;- Delayed controls- Inaccurate hitboxes- Overly long animations- Lack of visual hit registration- Lack of Keyboard Direction options- Clunky/awkward turning and movement- Hard to identify and basic melee animationsBear in mind I don't have too much time spent ingame, and Holdfast: NaW is still in Early Access. I have however played a multitude of games based on directional blocking/attacking, and in my opinion this definately does not stand out from the disapointments we've had before.Aside from the melee, I have some minor gripes that can be expected with every EA game, these can be considered suggestions for future improvement;- Mini-Map gives away your position to everyone on the server- Chat text is tiny af- Ping on serverlist often doesn't appear- Lack of serverlist filters- Lack of character customization- No explaination of class or its equipmentI definately don't hate this game or want it to fail, I do however expect a functional melee system for $20usd. I have faith that the devs will update and improve their game through EA. Once the melee recieves attention I will return and edit this review. Cheers for reading.~ Shak"
76561198005594256,Recommended,589290,35179675,Posted: 24 September,all,-MasterAce-,"-installed game-joined a land battle-picked French Fifer-headed towards the French music group-started playing a random tune with my fife-was not the same one the band was playing-an other fifer from the band started aiming at me with his pistol-thought he was aiming a fly around my head-shot my head,not a fly-he continued playing his fife,while spamming B for Vive la France10/10 would get my head shot again for playing the wrong tune"
,Recommended,589290,35164016,Posted: 23 September,all,[IVe_2e] Kerroro,"Alright, here is Holdfast: Nations At War; let me explain how a french player sees it.For a non-player Mount&Blade: Warband NW:This game is pretty sweet, you will find anything you want in a Napoleonic game, and it makes much funnier for you if you like this period.The game is NOT finished, so don't make this scare you; a patchnote is coming barely every week, and fix big issues and add a lot of content that we are all waiting.Naval battle is an awesome experience that you should try really fast, even if you're not a huge fan of ships and everything that comes out the sea.For those who came alone or with some friends, you will find a lot of people that play it as a regiment, so you could join one of them to make your game way much funnier (a loooooot !)Graphism is really nice and attractive, may ask a lot from your computer, but it won't be that much.Gameplay is balanced, melee is not completed, but we are excepting the developer to fix it really fast and make it as hard and complete as possible. Firing is pretty fun, there is no really collision bug, everything seems good since now.For a Mount&Blade: Warband NW:Don't let melee stops you !Everything is pretty nice as a regiment, in-game vocal is f*cking funny when you try to lead with, and has a lot of potential in lbs. Melee will come asap (I hope), with many patchnotes; even if this is pretty not ready so far.But just come here, don't hesitate and get into it with your regiment and play it, you'll see.Servers can welcome up to 128 players (which makes 64vs64 maximum) for now, and do not REALLY lag when many people comes in; even if there is spikes lag some times, but it happens everywhere. Event might be crazy as hell.Conclusion: A lot of potential, just waiting for melee, cavalry and new nations (+carpenter and surgeon that CAN use their abilities), buy it."
,Recommended,589290,35143073,Posted: 22 September,all,Edwin,"Holdfast is a multiplayer only first/third person shooter that supports up to and over a 100 players per server. Holdfast has it's own team death match but also sieges, naval battles, and naval sieges.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1142016262You can disable each individual HUD piece in the menuIf you liked Warband: Napoleonic Era you should like this. It has some ups but it also has its downs due to early access nature. The game is lacking a lot of content that it needs to be a full game and some features like melee combat need significant work. I was hesitant to purchase because its early access but it was worth the 20 dollars. If you're not familar with Warband then I recommend doing some research before purchasing the game.There are only two playerable factions which are France, and Britain. Both factions use the same class list. Theres an array of voice commands to use and they're spoken in native languages. There is currently no cavalry. There are unique units for the naval maps in marines, sailors, etc...Each class has a set loadout but the games arsenal is limited. Weapons include muskets, musketoons, rifles, pistols, swords, pikes. There are also cannons that anyone can load and fire with ammo that lies in boxs. You can play drummers, fifers, etc... or a flag bearer to boost the reloading and accuracy of the men around you. The mucisians have an array of songs they can play. If you stand next to a fellow mucisian when you go to the song list and choose the highlighted song to play in sequence.Shooting mechanics are pretty good. I hit targets easily up to 20m and struggle beyond 50m. Though I did see one player get a shot from 200m away! Cannons fairly easy to use. Theres round ball shot and also chain shot on naval maps that rips their sails apart. Ships can be sunk.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1142329576The melee needs significant work. Theres a large delay when attacking and blocking. The key layout doesn't help either so you'll want to change that right away.I'm not sure how many maps in total but I want to say around a dozen considering theres multiple maps for 4 game mods.Theres a good amount of team work. My first game had me lining up in front of an officer at spawn and we headed out in a proper line formation however it all falls apart as soon as you get to combat. There's also VOIP. I haven't had any problems with people being rude but only a few people use it and only at the start and end of the match.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1142020549"
,Recommended,589290,35112604,Posted: 21 September,all,Haddock,Pros:Good GraphicsGood Server LatencyGood Sailing MechanicsGood DevsGood CommunityCons:Bad MeleeFriendly Fire could use some work8.5/10
76561198079801350,Recommended,589290,35119586,Posted: 21 September,all,Adolf Hitler,Great game so far has some flaws such as the Mele but the developers seem to be very commited! Looking forward to the future of this game. my current Rating out of 10 is 9.7
76561198272699399,Recommended,589290,35232190,Posted: 26 September,all,The Neo-Prussian,A very atmospheric game that is great fun in its Alpha state.
,Recommended,589290,35229485,Posted: 26 September,all,ηoided,"I never really review games ever, but I feel compelled to review this one.The game has its bugs and latency issues which do effect gameplay for sometimes long periods. And the melee is pretty awful (although it is fun to watch people battle for 5 minutes trying to hit each other just once) However, when the servers are running well and there are 125 people in your server, it is the absolute most fun I've had. This game isn't lacking in content either, it has so many maps, classes, voice commands, music, ships, game modes, and uniforms.My first game was 50 of my team mates lining up at spawn with one guy standing in front of us poorly paraphrasing the Aragorn speech from Return of the King then shouting ""For Kek"" then charging into battle while blasting the Lord of the Rings theme song. We all died literally instantly from cannons and everyone was shouting nonsense through the microphone, but it was one of the fun things I have experienced in a video game in a long time, and those weird scenarios happen in every full server, the community is incredible.The shooting mechanics require patience and skill which gives it depth, but will take some getting used to for some.For an early access game this has blown me away and I don't think I'll get bored of it anytime soon.i'm a flute main hmu"
,Recommended,589290,35117735,Posted: 21 September,all,1stRVR | Exodus,"Anvil Game Studios with a three man team from Malta have produced an excellent early access game for their budget and team size.  AGS released Holdfast: Nations at War as it's first standalone game and project without any assisntnce from Kickstarter or the Community via donations. They set out to create a game and they did, a good early access for a start.Holdfast: Nations at War some will say is the succesor to the Mount & Blade: Napoleonic Wars DLC, which i believe is true. Everything in Holdfast has been improved on except for melee.Pros1. Extremely active and caring developers. The devs actually care and will speak to you regarding a number of topics, they take critism with stride and will personally try and make your experience the best possible. After speeaking with Refleax and his team, AGS are some really down to earth group of guys.2. Great gameplay concept. No pay-to-win and no grind-to-win. Units and regiments don't cost any REAL money. The PvP can be thrilling and definitely fun to play with your mates.3. Highly demanding on teamwork and strategy. You can't just spawn in and recklessly run around the map no-scoping blokes with your musket. You have to plan out your movement very carefully and quickly since time is of the essence. Difficult decisions comes up often, especially in line battles (e.g. risk your mens life to capture the cannon or run like hell to safety etc.) An enjoyable learning curve definitely exists - not too steep and not too lean.4. A shooting game that applies semi-realistic bullet travel time, and bullet drop is always appreciated. They've added a really cool balisitc and projecticle system so it takes skill to shoot and kill.5. Awesome Maps & Weather. Real time weather effects take place including transition from day to night! Sometimes I can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥because it's snowing or it's dark but it adds to the games realism level.6. Naval Combat is fairly decent for now! The ships are very very frustrating to move however.7. Sieges are done right. Sieges are a whole lot of fun, you actually feel the obligation to protect your territory from the invaders.8. Performance. Performance is pretty bloody good, I'm playing on high with a GTX 750 and i5 4460 and am getting around 35-40 FPSConsOf course with all games and especially Early Access there are negatives.1. Gameplay can be Monotonous. It really depends what events and game modes you play/attend. The unique experience really relies on encounters with other regiments and your leaders decision making.2. Melee is awful, probably some of the worse I've seen in any game. I'm being honest and blunt but truthful. I do know however that the devs are working extremely hard to imrpove it. It's current issues are the feeling of clunkiness, lacking 'fluidness', it's damage, hit box connecting and slowness to react.3. Joining Servers is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes. It can take you to random servers you didn't select for moving your mouse off or swiping it over the wrong area, Very common when submitting passwords.4. Naval Sailing is very sluggish and feels like you're combating the controls to go a direction.5. Little bit of a Toxic Community filled with politics and 'beef' between regiments and players.ConclusionDon't lose all hopes because of my cons list - remember that this is an early access game. I know some of the cons can be too much to handle and disturbs the gameplay, but devs are very active in updating the game. Holdfast: Nations at War is almost the best FPS Musket Game, but some key issues need attention. The current state of the game is more than playable. Definitely worth purchasing.Well that's all I have to say about Holdfast. Hope it can be of help to potential buyers!I will be updating this review further into development"
,Not Recommended,589290,35115663,Posted: 21 September,all,kore168 afk,"In all honesty, the game is not worth buying in the current state.Animations, melee and optimalization still need to be worked on. (Experienced 3 crashes within a 3 hour session)Lack of maps, gamemodes, ""endless"" naval battles.. You get it, the game is very, very WIP.Options menu need some additions, e.g. lack of SFX/FX volume slider is quite annoying in my opinion. The game itself is very loud and you cannot hear your teammates in game. The only way to sort of solve that is to lower the master volume slider, which obviously lowers every sound in the game, including the VOIP.That being said, it is hard to communicate in game, TS3 or Discord verily recommended.I'll keep an eye on this game and hopefully change the recommendation in the future."
,Recommended,589290,35215166,Posted: 25 September,all,Pope Romeo XIII,"Well this turn out very well, i have to say for a 3 man team they have put Major publishers to shame, you are looking for a non glitching game this ain't it, also its Early access what do you expect. everyday i hop on a new patch is out fixing this game. The games graphics are just crazy i can't believe what i see its like somthing from EA.  the shooting is top notch and the cannons just are amazing to shoot.The melee Yes it is trash but i notice the less lag you have the better it works, for one i can actully use it but hopefully it improvesShooting is on point i do dislike the hitscan and i hope that changes.UK And france only. ( more to be added says on there fourms)With a bit, well a lot of work this will be ten times better then Mount and blade NW.a person whos played since Mount and musket to, Nw this is a worthy successDid i forget to mention there is VOIP in game you can talk to people !!!!!!!!!!! see yous around hopefully cause im marching into battle! FOR KING AND COUNTRY"
76561198073439888,Not Recommended,589290,35112986,Posted: 21 September,all,ToxicBiscuit,"Holdfast in its current state I woulden't recomend. But it does have its good points-+ Positive points+ Musicians, great cooperative musician play, musicians give ASSISTS woo, good choice of songs, and the pistol x sword combat moi bien.+ Graphics- ragdolls and graphics in general look good, however i found in larger multiplayer games, FPS took massive hits, resulting in me having to downgrade graphics to medium.+Already a community set in place, migrants from NW have formed regiments, and so event schedules have formed. So if you are getting this game for the purpose of playing in events, you're going to have a lot more fun.-Negative Points-Hitboxes and the melee combat are definitely not finished, melee fights turn into a mass spam of left clicks, noone blocks as its a better bet to just try to dodge your hitbox out the way, hitboxes need to be fixed. combat feels slow and clunky. and since blocks are clunky it makes swords extremely powerful, making playing the musicians actually better then normal line infantry.-Poor optimization-you can see what melee mode/firing mode you're in but only on the upper left under your name, so i often find myself in melee mode when i want to fire and vice versa as its hard to tell the difference. perhaps a physical change of model stance or something as an indicator would be nice.Overall the game can be fun but many aspects are frustrating, I would recomend to buy if you plan to join a regiment, take part in community events and the like, overwise its not going to be your kind of game."
,Recommended,589290,35129343,Posted: 22 September,all,Viriathus,"We were out in the middle of the sea. It was night and the only thing we could see was the latterns of the other ship. The captain said ""FIRE"" and we could here the other captain yeling the same from the other ship. Cannon balls flew in every direction, and a dense fog of smoke surrounded the ships. We noticed we had been hit bad! ""WE ARE SINKING, SIR"" someone shouted. Minutes after, two sailors pushed a rowboat in the water and we survivors all jumped down, so did the captain...In the boat we all looked over to the captain. It's  a tradition that a captain goes down with his ship. So we took on votes if we should row back and  leave him there, but he was the only one who could navigate these seas, so we kept him.The French ship was now fighting another ship of the Royal Navy. We 7 on the rowboat sneaked up to the French ship, being quite sneaky sneaky if I must say. Then the captain shouted ""For glory lads!"". All of the sudden one of the cannons turned to us and it was there, we knew we were all ♥♥♥♥ed. The cannon was lit and a cannon ball shot us all 7 dead.Morale of the story; the captain must always go down with his boat, it gives bad luck if he doesn't!PS: Yea Holdfast: Nations at War is quite a good game..."
,Not Recommended,589290,35115756,Posted: 21 September,all,patroxmeister,"I realise this game is in Early Access and will hopefully be improved in the near future, but I am going to just point out some issues and rate the game on it's current state.Before I begin, I just want to point out that I am a competetive-oriented player, meaning a working melee system has the highest priority for me.--------------------------------------------------------------Some good things about the game are:The graphics - they are really fancy.The Naval Combat, which is quite enjoyable actually and the ships have proper physics, which is a very good mechanic at this early point of development.Musicians, I guess, who doesn't like musicians? And the pieces you can play are of great quality too.Voice chat - has acceptable quality and adds to the atmosphere.--------------------------------------------------------------Now on to the bad things:Just to say it, I do not mind factions or classes (like cavalry) missing at this early stage of development, however I do very much mind core mechanics of the game just lacking in quality.Let's face it, the melee and melee animations are horrible. The melee combat is delayed, laggy and just overall unenjoyable and unplayable. It definetely needs to be reworked from the ground up and I feel like that is quite a chunk of work.Looking back at Mount and Blade Warband (currently 1,770hrs and counting) the competetive nature and smooth melee combat is definetely what made the game so great and addicting.--------------------------------------------------------------My thoughts:All in all I can say that for casual players, who are not interested into competetive gameplay, this game is fine at it's current state.As far as more competetive players, especially from the Mount and Blade Community, are concerned, I cannot recommend this game at it's current state, as it does not fulfill the requirements for competetive gameplay.I have to admit that the game has great potential though, now it is up to the Devs to make something out of it.--------------------------------------------------------------PS: To all the fanboys saying ""but it's Early Access reeeeeeeeeeeeee"", think about past experiences.DayZ was early Access too and now look at it 4 years later.Early Access does not mean the game will necessarily be improved and it is definetely no excuse for core mechanics of a game not working properly.(If the game is updated and fixed, I will change my review.)"
,Recommended,589290,35160232,Posted: 23 September,all,CluelessWill,"I have 2200 hours in Napoleonic Wars. I've devoted hours and hours into the game, it's rich community andskill based melee. Today were going to be covering HoldFast: Nations at War,but what many simply see as the spiritual successor to Napoleonic Wars. As a person that's put so much intoNW, I was rather hesitant to buy a game that cost 20 dollars and didn't seem tooffer anything out of the ordinary compared to the cheap and simple game that NW was. I had seen clips of itand it didn't really seem to stand out or offer anything out of the ordinary which was rather disappointing.The game itself released on September 21st and most of my friends purchased the game with high hopes. WhatI saw was by no means spectacular but there are promising signs. The way that troops work are uniqueand slightly varied compared to Napoleonic Wars. I decided to give it a chance and I purchased it on the 22nd.For one there is no longer the ability to pickup other classes weapons. The days of playing a hussar witha sword, lance and rifle are no more. Instead each class has weapons that relate to it. All classes canequip their fists and they are armed with, in the case of infantry, their firearm and a melee weapon.Line infantry come with their bayonet while riflemen come with a small sword. There is no longer the optionto melee with the rifle butt such as in vanilla Nw. Officers come with sword and pistol but no longer a spy-glass. Another interesting aspect is that anyone can operate artillery. no longer are artillery basedclasses needed. I think this is great as it was always a bummer when you lost an artillery crewmen and hadno one to replace it. There are a few specialist based classes such as surgeon and these area nice addition. I'd say this pretty much covers the classes as there isn't really anything that standsout besides that or is worth noting.Moving on to the meat of the game which is the gameplay itself. Firearms are great. I love the feel to themand they are really accurate compared to NW. Rifles are extremely powerful, as they should be. My onlycomplaint with firearms is that you can now reload on the move. I think they should have an option todisable this as competitive linebattles have always focused on using your enemies shots so they are forcedto charge you. If this isn't available, then at the very least they can decrease your movement speed whenyou reload on the move.Now on to what I think is the most lackluster part of the game: the melee. It's extremely meh to put itbluntly. Attempting to 1v1 is a dance of confusion and dispair as your attacks are extremely slow and you candodge attacks so easily by just changing direction. Blocking is not the traditional mount and blade typewith left, right, up and down. It's very much like this but there is an added animation where your characternow does this intermediate step which slows down the block direction switch. This added delay usually meansdeath against swords which are nearly impossible to defend against in this stage of the game. Blockingagainst bayonets is somewhat easier but not by much. There is a new parry system which replaces the'chambers' in NW. A chamber was when you would counter an attack with your own attack and stun the attackerand thus kill him. Flags are also extremely powerful in the current state of the game for some odd reason.I have high hopes for the melee but in its current state, it's not very good. I think with time it will befixed but those are only hopes.Another issue is spawning. Instead of everyone spawning at once, small groups from each time are spawned inevery 10 seconds or so. This is extremely annoying as you simply want to spawn as the default line infantryyet you can't because it's only spawning small groups which is rather irritating. A bulk spawn option is neededin order to rememdy this. However, I have high hopes that this can be fixed easily.So overall what do I think? Holdfast is a fun game and it's interesting. I had very low hopes coming into thegame but I'm slightly impressed now. I think that with a few months for the melee to be ironed out and someother small issues to be fixed, that it can be really fun. Hopefully we'll see that soon. At the end of theday, this is a simple reboot of NW but done so independtly of the M&B engine and in a unique engine of itsown. I think if you're a hesistant NW player, that you should give it another month and see what updates comesout. Anvil Game Studios have promised many updates and added content and are very receptive.With all of this being said, I'm going to give Holdfast a 65/100 or 6.5/10. I hope you enjoyed the video andI look forward to any feedback.Edit: Swords are too powerful for their own good. I would recommend this game as fun but in its current state it's pretty bad."
76561198096331234,Recommended,589290,35142222,Posted: 22 September,all,Duelin' Richard,Edited comment. Gave it a second try and it was amazing. At first the servers had extreme lag but later in the day it seemed to have gotten fixed. We formed a random huge line muilltple times and engaged against enemy lines with musicians and all.I would diffinitly reccomend trying out this game.
,Recommended,589290,35113506,Posted: 21 September,all,[Pgp] Norwegian,"I've been excited for this game since it was originally announced in January early this year, and I can say that it definitely does not disappoint. Yes, there are definitely some optimization issues and gameplay issues with the game but please keep in mind that this game is currently in Early Acccess. Keep in mind though that the game was made by a 4-man indie team over the course of 4 years who have no previous experience of developing and publishing games on their own, so you really gotta give it to them that this was a great result for their work.The graphics look great and the game is definitely a step up from the old Warband Napoleonic Wars DLC where most of the core playerbase comes from. The artillery system is most definitely a step up from NW, and in general almost everything has been improved over the old DLC if you compare the two. (As many seem to be doing)Currently what deserves more attention to be worked on is the melee system (which yes, is a bit clunky at the moment but I like the new approach to it overall), the auto balancing system (no idea how it works at this current moment, would be nice to understand it) and easier access to administrate servers in-game.I'm glad to give the developers my 20 euros, I believe that they're well deserved and all that remains now is wait for the developers to improve the game more and more."
,Not Recommended,589290,35114932,Posted: 21 September,all,4thRFA Raptor,"TL;DR for non NW players; ugly animations and sound design. Paired with sluggish and very unsatisfying melee system and shooting not far from that. You'd get a more satisfying experience for your money with Mount and blade's expansion ""Napoleonic Wars"" despite that game's flaws and age.The other bits I supposeComing from somebody with a background in M&B's NW and a lover of non traditional fighting games, I had slowly started to believe in the hype. And it was such a repulsive letdown.Although I am not a huge fan of exactly how M&B's NW handled the melee balancing and shooting is. Holdfast examined this long and hard. Only to then implement all the wrong features. The melee is sluggish and more luck than skill (even compared to NW) and is Extremely unsatisfying, the shooting is not far from NW although the sound design is outright poor. I could bear with it if it had a nice satisfying Clack to the matchlock mechanism and the Snap of powder. But no, mediocre shooting mechanics and sound design. And those two were where NW didn't do the best of jobs but yet I still prefer the much older game.Now what NW did right and is ultimately attempting to be parodied here. The draw for NW when I first played it despite having better mechanical wise alternatives was the atmosphere, the sounds, the sights, the whole shebang rather than the individual aspects of the game. Holdfast apes this the same way a Bicycle apes a cat. It doesn't at all. The in game Musicians sound quality is just meh. The sound of matchlocks in the distance as stated before is meh. The cannons and special effects of matchlocks, cannons, Shot impacts, all are not up to standard even when compared to NW a considerably older expansion to an even older game which is even then is a standalone version of an older game. Just C'mon.And in my opinion the worst offender by a long shot is the animations. F*** me, it alone should have sent big warning signs flashing immediately before I bought this. Simply put nothing ruins the immersion more than this one element, the thing that made NW actually overcome some of its flaws. The animations condemns the game to never surpassing NW. I strongly suggest observing some footage of the game to judge for yourself. It may very well just be me. But everything about it is either horribly done or on another plane of uncanny valley to what you would expect with me using that adjective. Everything from the snapping to a run from a perfect posture stand, to swivelling on the spot to turn. The snap spyglass to the face for the officers and the jump I can only imagine took inspiration from Monty Python.All of this being said. I am not being harsh for merely wanting to prop up NW, a game I admit has many flaws and imperfections, or just complain about a new game for a laugh. But in its current state (day of launch) I cannot recommend this game, especially to people who are expecting a spiritual successor to Mount and blades Napoleonic Wars. As it is not.I will give this game credit in that it is currently in Early access and all I have said May change in the future. And if they can overcome the issues with it I would be both surprised and Happy as the niche genre needs an update.  But I don't see that as being realistic just for how overwhelming the issues are to me.  Best of luck I suppose.Also a note about from what I have seen particularly from the NW community. I do not see this game overtaking NW as it simply isn't properly designed for the comprehensive battles of NW and the Semi-Competitive clan environment that game has developed. I think a serious case of buyers remorse may be set in with some who are desperate in the community. But in a couple of months for those of you still playing it will be more informed."
,Not Recommended,589290,35112688,Posted: 21 September,all,Zicasius,"Average in its current state, melee is terrible however. The ship to ship combat is a great plus. Wait till it polishes out  and buy in a few months."
,Recommended,589290,35187288,Posted: 24 September,all,Stormpanzer,"My review of HoldFast: Nations At War.Let me first start by saying that it has been well over a year since a game has been able to bring an actual smile, applause and a quality chuckle from me. I am very pleased to say that HoldFast: NAW has remedied that.When I decided to buy into NAW I wasn't expecting more than a few hours in such a game. A quick hold-over until say the next Total War game or BannerLord. I quickly learned that I had made a mistake in judgement and as I sit here at work typing this up I can't help but feel anxious to run home a play! At a price of $19.00U.S it's a relatively cheap and for what you will be getting its well worth the purchase. So let's talk about some of the Pro's and Con's that make this game.The first thing that will separate any quality game is many a time the Development team. As some of you may know, this is three young men working in an Indie studio, however don't let that fool you. These three men are well above their peers and have done an excellent job in programming, design, as well as production. This team knows that this game is their baby and their ticket, and they are incredibly active in and out of game with their communities. The time that I've been browsing the discussion board and every match I've played there has been a quick response as well as at-least 1 Dev showing up. This isn't one of those cases where people say ""The Dev teams active with the community"" and you see a reply once every three weeks to a month. No this is the real deal, daily notification kind of team!The second most important thing is gameplay, how does it handle? While you be immersed? Gameplay is far from polished but still the game finds a way. Firstly, the game has era accurate rifles in design, as well as uniforms/music. There is a multitude of game options available as would be the norm for Line battles of the Era portrayed. One of the most interesting concepts is the Naval warfare, yes this is what you think it is. You, a few player crew, controlling a ship/boat and living out your Pirates of the Caribbean fantasies, if those fantasies were blowing the holy bajeebus out of your enemies. Pair this with the Combined Coastal siege and your day is made! Oh I forgot to mention, 150 man battles. Now think Regimental Guilds on Community Events. Oh yes I feel that cold chill as well, it's as glorious as you think.Rifles, Muskets and other weapons while not as accurate as they were in the real world, still pose an incredibly huge threat and if played properly, a Rifleman on a ridge or a Lineman on a Line can and will hold their ground and wreak havoc on the opposing team. There are also other classes such as Musicians (Drummers/etc) who can play a few period era songs if that is your thing, and boy is it great if they are in unison playing the proper song. It really rallies the blue-berries! Then of course there are Flag-holders, Officers, whom are the most inspirational and notably are taken up by the RP guys who even in random matches can get groups in a line which is neat to see. Lastly there is the Carpenter class which I haven't played but they do have a shotgun that rocks me.Immersion is fantastic as well, the burst of smoke as your rifle fires mixed in with the heavy sound of those era-muskets is  an ear-gasm if there ever was for a game. The Cannons, clink of shots, screams of fallen foes, and the music; provided you have a somewhat decent headset (a $20 Logitech will do you justice), will put you on the field. The game also supports dynamic weather which really changes the battle, lord help you if your fighting at night with fog, on top of the smoke from rifles. Que a bayonet to your face if so. This is early access as well so keep that in mind, this will only get better with more classes, sounds etc. -Bagpipe class is on the way-Graphics are another thing that aren't as important but for me keep me playing a game and the reason for that is immersion. I personally have a hard time if the game looks like a potato macgyvered to shoot a musket. So what does NAW do? Well it takes it's predecessors ideas and puts them together with a realistic quality 3D artistic style. One that clearly defines the roles, the bright uniforms of the era, all the way down to the differing details of faction rifles. I'd also like to point out that it is a real treat to see the fancy uniforms of the French Grand Army, especially the Guards and Musicians. There are many other fine details such as quality grass, water, dirt and grime and the textures (other than the houses) seem to be very HD.This all being said, it's still Early Access and the game does have it's flaws. I'll put them in order of what I've seen, and the rate at which they've impacted my experience.Cons:1st: There is no Auto Ban, Vote Ban, Server Kick yet for the general populous. So expect to be killed by trolls that for some reason dropped $20 to TK. Luckily this is going to be a quick fix and the Development team has responded to numerous threads, first come will be Admin controls for private servers to turn on/off Friendly fire, followed up by community Auto Ban. So that's promising.2nd: Melee, The Melee is pretty terrible, swings miss that should have hit, and one guy with his cavalry sword can bunny-hop through 10 guys with guns and slaughter them up in 20 seconds. God save you if you try and bayonet against a Cavalry sword. This has resulted in many players filling the Rifleman class and Officer class just to use the Cavalry sword for Kill-Spam. This however has been replied to by the Development team and is the #1 priority fix and will be dropping in the next few updates.3rd: VOIP, I like to have line battles, I like to lead. I also don't have the time to regiment stuff all day as I wish I could. So to gather a few friends, or few randoms in Community server would be nice to do. The In-game voice is hit and miss, the radius is incredibly small so chances are you'll only hear people at initial spawn. I hope to see more implemented4th: Customization, this is coming so it's going to be fixed. It will have a realistic approach so don't plan on running with Goku Hair, a hot-pink musket, and a cat tail, but do expect good realistic gear from the era and uniforms that will help you stand out alittle.5th: Server latency, I personally haven't experienced this but it's a big enough concern throughout the community that it needs to be addressed. Luckily the Development team hears the concerns and from day 1 have already released two updates working on this fix. More optimization required.Lastly these are my specs, I get 50-60fps (I've gotten Lucky, there is optimization that needs done)i7 6700k 4.0Ghz970GTX16GB RAM250 SSD50'inch Vizio TV 1080pI really hope this helped, and wish you the best! This game is very much worth it, and the community is great aside from a few bad apples! Happy Hunting!"
76561198048297696,Recommended,589290,35115618,Posted: 21 September,all,[2FA] Hotjoe,"Was never expecting this to be a NW successor, but it's fun to play with friends and has the potential to improve on that aspect. If you're on the fence about buying it like I was just keep in mind this won't satiate your NW expectations (in it's current state) but I think it's worth giving it a look if some good dumb fun is your sort of thing. Unlike many other games, the 2 hour refund period is more than enough time to determine whether this is the game or not for you. Better to find out for yourself.I'll give a full review later in development when there is more of a game to review."
,Recommended,589290,35122016,Posted: 22 September,all,Squizzy,"extremely fun and good for early accessonly thing wrong with it atm is the mele, latency issues, glitching in the menus and spawning while in games aswell as no voting system. Keep up the work guys its great"
76561198059444924,Recommended,589290,35216601,Posted: 25 September,all,SOFUCKINGLONELY,"Very good game, It's a modern beautiful Mount and blade napoleonic wars. Lots of work to be done, but plenty of room to grow imho.At the date of writing this-this game is infantry only, and on naval servers there are boats. your musket is more accurate than M&B-NW.Strongest current con is that Melee right now is like wet noodles, very offset and gross. your charges are either hits or misses,Ive had very satisfying bayonet kills and also infuriating sabre misses-I'm not sure what the problem is but it is definately more clunky than M&B-NW, making this game as it stands more of a gun game.If they can make the melee combat solid this game would be excellent for times to come.When they add in cavalry and more content I know this game will be big.P.S. DEV's If you see this please add a mic test Ingame."
,Recommended,589290,35124766,Posted: 22 September,all,Nr.9 Ghostpig,"Well lads, they did it! They impressed me to the point where I want to play this all day and eat doritos, but I need a life so I can't be a bum lol. What is so different about holdfast over NW? Simple! Realism, and roleplay, I could go on and on about how great the graphics are and how beautiful the dynamic weather is but I would be here all day! :D And oh my Gosh the voice commands! They are so amazing! The gunplay and melee takes a lot of skill and mastery to master. I believe they are working on the melee improvments, but other than that there will be many funny moments and dank memes, the community is already great, as long as it doesnt become autisitc like me over the ages.As of running the game, for me on a GTX 970 it runs a a perfect 60 fps smooth as butter! I imagine you do not need a huge top of the line graphics card to run this game but I do recommend getting a GTX model 970, or GTX 980 for the great smooth performance! Let's talk about realism and roleplay, there is so much to talk about with this its unbelievable! I cant wait for the NRP roleplay servers to come into this game so the pubs can do linebattles too, as for me and my regiment we are hosting an event tonight (friday september 22nd, 2017). If anyone would like to join us please do we are a very serious regiment (sometimes ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)). I cant stop sucking up the nips of this game, it is too good for a low price of $20.Now, I sum up my review with these simple words: BUY IT OR DIE IT♥♥♥♥♥♥Final review: 9.8/10Pros- pretty much everythingCon- Meh melee"
76561198041100883,Recommended,589290,35137576,Posted: 22 September,all,Pinoy,"Hello ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! This game is alright as a casual game at its current state. The melee is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥but thats something the devs are working on asap. Shooting is nice, Graphics are nice. Its fun for casual play, but if you're looking for competitive play you should wait a bit till they fix all these issues with the melee and the optimization. Other than that its a nice Early Acess game, should get better over time as the devs fix things. I wouldn't give up on it just yet, i'd give it a fair chance because it may become a great game over time. If the dev's dont fix the melee in the next few months this game could die out because of how horrid it is, but till then we cannot say. Give it a chance and if you dont like it just refund it! Im out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, time to LYNCH!!"
,Recommended,589290,35118157,Posted: 21 September,all,Dom13WorstNW,The game obviously has flaws (mostly just the melee) but the game as it is right now is a fantastic base to build upon.
,Recommended,589290,35130377,Posted: 22 September,all,KillerShark,"For an early access game I think this is fantastic. There is so much here that is great and the developers are very responsive to the community. Of course there are some aspects that need to be fixed (melee, optimization, servers, etc), but it is easy to see they are really working to try and give us the best game they can."
,Recommended,589290,35197995,Posted: 25 September,all,mac defarmco,"Not one to buy into early access titles, but I'm really glad I picked this one up. There's a pretty good amount of content currently considering the dev team consists of 3 people, and they've shown a ton of initiative in patching and introducing new content. There are some major gripes currently with the melee system being fairly broken for instance, but theres a ton of potential as it stands."
76561197993506627,Recommended,589290,35198731,Posted: 25 September,all,alansaund,Played Mount & Blade Napoleonic Wars for 350 hours.Looks Like i'm going to play this for 350 + hours as well.Fantastic game well done devs.Keep up the good work with the patches.Thumbs up from me
76561198124570202,Recommended,589290,35208459,Posted: 25 September,all,Pvt-Foxie,9/10pos-Devs are active-Game works good-EU servers workneg-Bad Melee system
,Not Recommended,589290,35214793,Posted: 25 September,all,Merapsco,The melee needs work. A lot of work.
76561198137299947,Recommended,589290,35333670,Posted: 30 September,all,WaylanderGR,"even though it is in alpha state and the melee needs some reworking, it's not only playable but also very fun to play! but if you're expecting something complete and without bugs you should wait some time before getting it"
76561198289984081,Recommended,589290,35135752,Posted: 22 September,all,Evan,"With my short time playing this game, I have a few things to let you know. This is a great idea and congrats on the devs for their hard work. I played on both naval and land warfare and let me say, it was amazing. Great graphics and rag doll effect is just great. Here are some of my opinions of the game.Naval Combat- Great sounds- Cool ships- A lot of fun classes to choose from- Can ram your ship into another ship >:)Cons- I glitched out of the ship a few times- I got TKed A LOT by angry people- Melee needs a lot of workLand Combat- Great Sounds- Cool chants- Reload while walkingCons- Again, Melee is horribleIf you are looking for a game that has great naval combat and land combat that is just like or better than Mount and Blades version of Napoleonic wars then this game is for you. That’s all I have to say, have a fun time playing!"
,Recommended,589290,35120893,Posted: 21 September,all,Nr22 Bjorn,"*NOTE: Subject to change throughout Holdfast's development cycle*I'll preface this by saying that I had very high hopes for this game, and that my level of hype for Holdfast was unbelievable for several months now. Unlike many others that reviewed the game so far, I was not a pre-alpha tester, nor did I receive the game for free.. in fact I bought three copies of the game. To begin, Holdfast: NaW has the unique advantage in that the game and the community itself are backed up by some of the most dedicated and passionate devs I've ever seen in a project. That's all I have to say on that matter. Now, on to the game.Pros:- Graphics/Visual effects. The game is absolutely gorgeous. Many like myself come from NW, and the graphical fidelity between these two titles is immense. Looking objectively without the NW looking glass yields the same results. The game is beautiful graphically speaking, and the art style is quite unique in nature, boasting a ""different"" color palette that can only be described as warm.. it works wonderfully; everything from the unit detail, explosions, death animations, to the smoke effects and terrain are superb.- Voice acting. This one genuinely surprised me, as it's something I had no idea I would pay attention to. However, the voice acting in Holdfast is a solid performance. Anything from the huge selection of voice commands, to taunts, to battle cries and different generic yells/screams on the battlefield all add to the experiential effect that Holdfast provides to the player. I had literally zero expectations here and came away pleasantly surprised.- Shooting. This deserves its own area for praise. One of the things I hated about NW was the terrible RNG-fest that was shooting. ""Aim.. somewhere and Fire!"" is no longer the case, and while some random factors come into play, shooting and marksmanship are both factors that have been smoothed out and refined to create a whole different and unique aspect for linebattles and other public events. The shooting and ballistic mechanics in Holdfast is everything I've wanted from a game like this, save for lack of proper ADS (more on this later).- Movement. Players on the battlefield walk and move in a human fashion, rather than NW's ""stickman"" form and regimented manner. In Holdfast, player movement can only be described as fluid, no matter if you're an NW veteran or a newbie to the Napoleonic era.- VOIP. Yes, it's a thing. Yes it works. Yes, it's just as lovingly cancerous as you would imagine.- Maps. The maps in Holdfast are for the most part excellently designed. Large, open desert ruins lead into forested cabins and stone walls to create a diverse and decently balanced gameplay experience that feel unique from one encounter to another. There isn't a big copy/paste issue with regards to map design here, and it's all the better for it.- Selection of Units. The accuracy and selection of units in-game is pretty solid, down to the correct equipment each soldier has. Whether you want to be rank-and-file, a musician, or a glorious flag bearer, you can pretty much have at it. The play styles that are supported with this system are as vast as they are unique in their own right. This is not to mention the options wehn it comes to naval warfare!- Optimization. This is something that I've heard mixed feelings about as of today (launch day), though I find that the game is fairly well optimized. I have a decent mid-ish PC, boasting 8GB of RAM, an AMD FX-8350, and a GTX 960 4GB GPU. I can run the game at ""Very High"" with nearly maxed out graphics settings and I get a solid 40-60 frames, depending on what's happening on-screen. If I turn down AA and shadows for example, I gain several fps each respectively. Lower end computers may have issues at higher settings, however I see no issues being able to run this game with a potato if you are reasonable with regards to your expectations. I put this in the pro section because it's definitely pretty good in the alpha stage, but will only get better with the devs working hard on both server and graphical optimizations in the future.- UI/HUD. The game's UI is simple and great, and the HUD is quite useful as well. Getting a kill yields a satisfying message and icon on-screen and the overall placement and implementation of the game's UI and menu system is pretty well done, if not for needing a little prettying-up down the road, though it's not at all necessary. The only main negative here I would say is the mini-map. I personally would like it done away with completely, at least for infantry.- The community has pretty much carried over wholesale from NW and elsewhere. With that, the community is both terrible and amazing all in the same package (with a bow on top). With all the bad that comes with it, you'll be hard pressed to find a group of players who are more passionate about a game than those flooding to Holdfast at this point.Now onto the cons:- Melee. Simply put, melee is pretty bad. Is it game-breaking? No. Is it annoying? Definitely. The melee animations and delay are quite cheeky and can make for some hilarious non-kills. The blocking is nearly useless and I think I was able to successfully utilize the blocking mechanic once or twice, otherwise I've been spamming and spinning like mad. I won't utterly lambaste Anvil Game Studios for this like others are, because they have said time and time and time again that melee is of the utmost importance with regards to their game. It needs work, but it will get fixed and I see no point in calling out the end of the world when there is no need. Besides, it gives us all time to work on our shooting..- Server latency/crashes. Even as I write this I know for a 100% fact that AGS is working at fixing the current launch-day server issues, but it needs to be said that the servers were not ready for the load they received today. Between lag jumps, sometimes pushing my ping from 34 to upwards of 600, to server crashes on menu actuations while in-game, the servers definitely need some work. That being said of course, this launch day was the most impactful stress-test to date and fixes are coming in due order.- Server player count. This isn't an inherent negative, so much as a wish. We all want 200-man servers, and the devs know it. I have no doubt we will se higher server count numbers (again, AGS states as such in their development roadmap). I'll leave it at that, but the game is nowhere near boring as it is, and by the full release a few months down the road I have full faith this will be a non-issue.- Arty/Cav.. or lack-ish thereof. In its current state, Holdfast does not have any cavalry, which is a big bummer for me personally as I love what cav brings to the table in terms of gameplay and momentum. Furthermore, artillery as it stands is very limited in it's use and deployment opportunities. This, once again, has been addressed in the dev roadmap and will be addressed but as of the writing of this review these are a couple of the things I would like to see implemented.Summary:Holdfast is a great game. Even with my astronomical expectations, I was definitely not disappointed, and while I have some quarrel with a  few aspects of the game as of now, I understand completely that much of the issues being had this early in the game's life cycle are a result of just that. It's an alpha and I, like many others are going to look forward with a positive outlook because of this. There are indeed many things I'd like to see added. More nations - Prussia (obviously), Russia, Sweden, Spain, Austria, etc - as well as more maps and game modes, but as it stands in its alpha state, Holdfast: Nations at War is more polished and most importantly, more fun than most games twice or three-times its price (side note: $20 USD is a very reasonable price for a game like this). With all things considered, I can happily recommend you pick up Holdfast: NaW."
,Recommended,589290,35211830,Posted: 25 September,all,Rhandhali,"Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. Everything I loved about Napoleonic Wars with none of the buggy, annoying baggage that burnded the previous game. A lot of this review is going to be tied to the Mount & Blade mod Napoleonic Wars, which while it was great fun, had many, many, many problems.Yes, I am writing this about an early access alpha. This game is more playable and more functional as an Alpha than the game it is based on ever was as a fully mature product.Multiplayer interface is much better. If you're into doing organized events, like I used to with NW, then there's no longer constantly switching apps to find out the exact name of the server and the password. The graphics are better. Period. They look better. they animate better, they're just better.  This game is actually pretty.  You have a functional aiming reticle thing now. Bullet drop is more realistic and less ""arrow from crossbow sped up really fast that really just flies like a rock""Boats actually are Boats, you can do things on them and make them sail around. Very much inspired by Blackwake which is a GOOD thing.  Musicians actually get credit for the buffs they provide by accumulating points through their team's kills and activity.There are a few things I miss about this - having dedicated artillery crew was nice for organized play but really only good for organized play. The birds aren't shootable. That's about it.This is still an early access game and there are plenty of rooms for changes and tweaks, but honestly it plays pretty well as is and is one of the few early access games that I don't regret buying. I won't be shelving this and forgetting about it for however long it takes to get out of early access."
76561198061454381,Recommended,589290,35212082,Posted: 25 September,all,Lancaster,"I love this game, even though it's early stages, it's still an awesome game. I bought this as soon as it came out and I already have 25 hours in it XD"
76561198039305666,Not Recommended,589290,35111946,Posted: 21 September,all,[BP] Greenbeard,"Alpha or not- Bad Meele- Laggy- No FlairIt's 2017, another Alpha Cashgrab, praying on the people that wait for Bannerlord.Play Napoleonic Wars instead."
76561197966714941,Recommended,589290,35122445,Posted: 22 September,all,Caldwell,"For a Early access release this was one of the most successful I've played. It felt polished (Melee and aiming excluded) well thought through and above all FUN!The Graphics are beautiful, the gameplay enjoyable and the vision for the future Exciting.I had the pleasure of thanking AGS:Refleax in person last night, but a HUGE thank you should go out to all the Dev team for their hard work and vision.A solid game with a solid future."
,Recommended,589290,35170906,Posted: 23 September,all,KangKoych,"Alright, so I picked this game up a few hours ago. And my first impressions are very... not what I expected. So, what I saw when I first looked at this game: ""Oh, shoot. It looks like Napoleon: Total War but from the soldier's perspective.""I read through a few reviews, and it truly had some impressive comments. However, one there was one common trend: Teamkilling.And ho-lee-♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ teamkilling is a problem. But... a problem that will (hopefully) be fixed very soon. The worst part about the teamkillers is that they have no consequences for their actions. I'd expect them to be punished, but nope. They'll just go around and blast their teammate at point blank, or go around and slash them up with swords.Teamkilling isn't my worst problem, however. (And this part could be completely my end, I have a pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC. Like, not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ like ""oh that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥""-♥♥♥♥♥♥, but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to where it can be kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥) It takes me an average of 4-5 attempts to join into a game. I'll join into a naval battle, and I'll be stuck at the loading screen. I'll join into a ground battle, and I'll crash two or three times.I don't mean for this review to be negative, and I'm definetly going to play this game more, but you should be aware of these issues.The few problems do somewhat negate the actual experience, but I've never had more fun aiming muskets, rushing to load the cannon on a boat, and forming into lines with fellow teammates. I see so much potential in this game.I'd give it a 3.75/5.Hope to see you on the battlefield.KoychDiscord: Koych#8477"
76561198119948525,Recommended,589290,35172381,Posted: 23 September,all,Rena,"I  love this game. it's kinda like chivalry, but better imo. just bought it today, and already played 7 hours. melee can be a little wonky, but im not complaining. great game with lots of potential, glad i bought it. <3"
76561198024881176,Recommended,589290,35219382,Posted: 26 September,all,johbowfor,"Very polished, great sound."
,Recommended,589290,35353870,Posted: 30 September,all,Earl of Berkeley,Good Game lmao
,Not Recommended,589290,35113425,Posted: 21 September,all,Bear,"Can't recommend the game in its current state. I get it was just released and is early access, but it has a lot of fixing to do.CONSMelee is like a watered down version of M&B NW (Clunky bulky and all around weird)Point blanking with any firearm is easyThere are only two factionsDidn't seem to be that many maps but I only played for about an hourNo character customizationCannon balls don't roll, they just stopCannons cannot be brought they are only placed on the mapAnyone can use cannons that makes for trolling or stealing shots pretty easyYou cant move cannons as there are not artillery trainsThere are no horses, no cavalryControl system seems restricted, currently as of now there is no inverted controls for blocking and or attacking (Not that anyone uses those)Can reload muskets while moving, meaning you both fire you charge he backpedals you get shot in the face from two feet awayCannons load way too quickly you can fire a cannon 4 to 5 times in a minute if you're fast(But they're bad cause shots dont roll)PROSFlags can be used as melee weaponsLanternsAll in all this game seems to have a lot of potential and is in early access, if you enjoy it then by all means support it but I believe its not worth $20 at max I would pay $10 for it. So for now I'll refund it and hopefully it'll be updated and better. Alot of players came from NW and if you're one of them dont go into this expecting a new innovative game, its the same game with less factions and worse controls.  However if you've never played a game like this you'll probably enjoy it."
76561198056665987,Not Recommended,589290,35116085,Posted: 21 September,all,[TFN] Lord_Sluggo,"I'm going to be writing from the perspective of a four-year veteran of NWHoldfast has taken on the lofty challenge of providing a modern successor to Mount and Blade: Napoleonic Wars. How does it measure up? Well, if you aim for the moon, you'll still land amongst the stars, right?Right?In its current state, Holdfast is nearly unplayable. I don't have the best computer in the world, so I won't hold it to any graphical or performance standards, except to say that the blowing grass, trees, and occasional bird swooping by obviously aren't doing anyone's GPUs any favors. The sound design manages to be even more underwhelming than NW's. I'm also disappointed that the detailed unit selection screen shown in sneek peeks is nowhere to be found, replaced by a bland unit selection list that resembles Commander Battle from NW. Let's talk about where it counts: gameplay. Here, Holdfast completely misses the mark. The shooting aspects are decent, we're not expecting too much out of our muskets. Melee, however, is a different story. We all know that this game will live or die by its competitive community, and the competitive community will live or die by the game's melee. And the melee right now. Absolutely. Sucks. The controls are clunky, unintuitive, and slow to respond. You won't be meleeing as much as you will be downspamming. It's hard to tell but it appears you cannot melee from the crouched position, and for some reason you no longer have the option to switch an unbayonetted rifle/musket to melee mode; this means you will have to switch to your side sword, which is accessed by a less-than-responsive mouse wheel action. In fact, if I could describe this entire game in two words, they would be ""clunky"" and ""unresponsive"". I can't speak to the naval combat as my game crashed within the first ten minutes, which even Warband doesn't insult me by doing.If the developers really needed a cash injection, they should have done a Kickstarter. All I can say is that if you haven't bought the game yet, hold on to your money for now, save yourself the disappointment, and make a blood sacrifice to the god(s) of your choosing that the developers are able to save the sauce. As for now, this pizza needs to spend some more time in the oven."
,Recommended,589290,35113187,Posted: 21 September,all,[77y] |||| lonedoge,"Everything is great apart from the melee system which needs a drastic change not fluid at all and the hitboxes are bad which hopefully they will fix when its fully released,"
,Recommended,589290,35125088,Posted: 22 September,all,PorcoRosso86,"This game is just in early alpha but:Realistic bullet behavoir in his ballistic trajectory and spread at the distance.Military suit really accurate (colors, right regiment number in the bottons, ecct.)Various and funny maps.It's just the heir of the old Mount&Blade: Napoleonic, same mechanics, but a bit more hard (for example, cannons haven't any help or hint, aim and fire) and a improved graphics (But well optimized for all machines)If you loved the old Mount&Blade, you will love this."
76561198061502870,Recommended,589290,35121740,Posted: 21 September,all,HappyTurtle,"I bought this new game it's French vs England set in the napoleon wars. Me and some red coat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on a small hill with a ruined farm house firing across and defending a bridge to try hold back the French. They stop coming we call the medic to come heal us up nek minute there's a strange sound it gets louder and louder as 15 or so blue coat French♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s come screaming over the bridge all yelling ""Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee"" with bannoyet and sword it was kind of terrifying we fired a volley then fled in terror.  Best first match of a game ever."
76561198035829698,Recommended,589290,35122273,Posted: 22 September,all,Intrigue Master Snowflake Sab,The graphics and the game itself is beautiful. However the melee is broken on all sides what need alot of attention in the near future.11/10 when shooting a person he fly away for a few meters.
76561198048658417,Recommended,589290,35127592,Posted: 22 September,all,Max1muS,This game is lit but needs a better melee system.
,Recommended,589290,35121861,Posted: 21 September,all,Endeavour,"Yes this game is buggy and poorly optimised.Yes the melee is like swinging a stick with 100kg weight on the end hoping the enemy doesent just walk slightly to the leftBut still this game has promise. The lighting (in comparison to Warbands Napoleonic Wars DLC) is fantastic. There is a daylight cycle as well as good animations (for example reloading and everything naval). Naval battles and coastal seiges are definatly one of this games things to be praised, with ships which actually break, destructable masts and guns ect, making you actually think about wind and positioning and not just one shot sinking it.Overall this game is still both in early access AND alpha mode, nobody in their right mind would recommend it if this was the full game. For all its bugs, flaws and poor optimisation it can be enjoyable and with a supportive community will continue to develop. People write negative reviews saying the same as me which do not help the devs ir game progress. If it gets worse I will change my review in the same way as if it gets better. Right now I wpuld only recommend if you are willing to look past all the issues for now and have fun."
,Recommended,589290,35130539,Posted: 22 September,all,The Devils Own,This game is gonna kill Mount and Blade Napoleonic Wars one day.
76561198102894698,Recommended,589290,35141015,Posted: 22 September,all,Cloud,"No real complaints about the game. But I will say to anyone who's reading this, and is deciding whether to buy the game or not, don't listen to those reviews with "" ughhhgh they just copy NW so ♥♥♥♥♥ "" and have 0.1 hours in the game.Let's get on to the review.Pros:Amazing graphicsGood fps for most pcs£15 or €20Incredible Naval battles, and Sieges.Cons:Now listen to me, I UNDERSTAND the game is in Early Access, I understand it will be improved upon. But as of 23/09/17, the melee is extremely clunky, with delayed blocks.Most servers lag after a while (Again, in Early Access)----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If you're a fan of the era, it's a MUST buy."
,Recommended,589290,35205331,Posted: 25 September,all,77th | Rec | Metamorph,"For anyone saying to not play the game based off the unpolished melee is an idiot. Melee is not even a quarter of the actual game. Yes, M&B: NW is more polished than this game. At the same time, that mod has been out and supported for a long time. If no one had decided to play it when things were clunky and broken, we would have never got that mod to begin with. It takes people sitting through the bugs and watching a game grow into a fully fleshed experience. If you buy Early Access titles thinking they are 100% polished, you are stupid and should feel stupid. This game is amazing and I am going to love to watch this game become what I know the developers want."
,Recommended,589290,35233741,Posted: 26 September,all,maldoror,"I had a friend in my company his name was Pierre, he was the finest fife player my ears ever heard. He died right in front of my eyes.Vive La France!"
,Recommended,589290,35227869,Posted: 26 September,all,End uwu,"beautiful graphics, better shooting mechanism than in warband NW, very scenic maps, naval warfare is fun.melee is a bit bad still, it's still alpha though so they'll probably fix it"
76561198056305739,Recommended,589290,35181021,Posted: 24 September,all,vicentury,This game makes Mount and Blade Warband a piece of art
,Not Recommended,589290,35117960,Posted: 21 September,all,[1stRM] Hesse,It's a good start but it needs to be polished more in order to beat Mount and Blade Napoleonic Wars.
,Not Recommended,589290,35113080,Posted: 21 September,all,Jokim,"Allright, so... I spent 20€ and 1 hour of my useless live on Holdfast and here is my impression - too soon. This game is not even finished enough to be considered EA, this is techdemo. Saying ""melee is a bit broken"" is like saying ""NW is a bit buggy"". Huge understatement. This is unfinished at its best.Melee is delayed a lot and even though it is not a true ""NW"" experience, it still bears the same annoying 4 way melee. I TRY A LOT to like this game but I can only say that I will not refund and I will wait how this goes down. Shooting is generally fine and I guess this is something that might even actually be enjoyable, however they have to work on melee a lot, not to mention the terrible ping on every server. Server browser tells me I have latency of 20, then I jump into the server and suddenly ping is 200. Also it is a godsend when I can spawn or even join a server, which I think is "" a bit important"" if I want to play, since there is no singleplayer.Navy, the main reason why I was looking forward to the game, is interesting, but not nice. Cannons need a lot of work and so does everything else, but as of now, I think it might be fun. Not much to say here.I hate to say this, but I think that even if this all is fixed, there is one problem left - community that came from Mount and Blade: Warband Napoleonic Wars. This close-minded, stubborn and toxic community is now transitioning from Warband to Holdfast and I can guarantee you, it will NOT be fun. Every ""linebattle"" event will consist of few lines that all go in single collumn and there will be stupid rules and uptight people taking the game more seriously than it should be taken.Pros:+ Graphics are nice. Cartoonish but not grotesque and I can get along with it.+ Sound is also very interesting.+ I do actually believe this will get better and even if that is just my wish, I am fine with it.+ Navy sucks less than I was expectingCons:- Already 999 Holdfast regiments that are recruiting- NW community- Terrible melee and delayed servers- Needs a LOT of work.- No visible customisation as of now- Often cannot join the server- Often cannot join the team- Often cannot spawnI believe this game has potential, but in this current state, I cannot reccoment it. On one hand, consider helping devs, on the other though, do not necessarily pay for techdemo. I will not refund this and I look forward to the developement, but as of now, my recommendation is *NO*."
,Not Recommended,589290,35118001,Posted: 21 September,all,4thRVB Colonel Jamestown,"FINE, an actual review.11/10, The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind has a better melee system.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNXYrAkUntUThis IS one of the VERY FEW games on Steam that is both a game and a winter heater! Simply turn the game on, however make sure you have some oven mitts handy.No but seriously, has a lot of potential, but is somewhat unplayable due to the melee system being slow and sluggish. Melee seems like an easy fix."
76561198067287696,Recommended,589290,35112678,Posted: 21 September,all,Mali of Old,"The melee is bad, the naval combat fun af. I hope it improves as the early access advances."
76561198338514771,Recommended,589290,35186918,Posted: 24 September,all,Filkins 2.0,Disclaimer this is my first review.Holdfast Nations at war is a good game. has had a rough start yes without a doubt. Almost all the negative reviews mention things that the devs made clear before the game released into Early Access.of course the game has its foughts. Such as the lag issue on launch. The devs worked hard to fix and they did within 24 hours of launch.So here comes the pros and cons.Cons:Melee is a bit odd. I feel like they could have spend more time one it.No artillery class. This may not seem big to some but for someone who played mainly plaued Artillery in Napeonic wars I felt kinda left out.Pros:The current class System is amazing even though its missing some things.The Devs are very involved and are helpful.Ship combat in its early stages is still so amazing.The Maps are awesome and most of them are balanced really well.Inclusion. If you want a polished version of the game then don't buy it now. Everyone needs to stop comparing Holdfast to Napolenic Wars DLC. They are two very different games. I bought it so I can help in the devs make it a better game. only buy it if you want to help out in early access.
,Recommended,589290,35129959,Posted: 22 September,all,Mad Sam,"some hints for the Developers to be aware of:1- i would give a positive review for this game for its unique idea since the game is still in alpha mode2- i like the idea that the shot is not totally accurate based on the fact that the rifles were primitive as that time3- it would be very nice & more realistic if you replace the marker with iron sight instead, you don't need to add the aiming nail cuz in that time rifles didn't have iron sight nail. just make the iron sight as a long rifle barrel and players have to aim or guess the aim at the end of the barrel in fps mode. ""it will differentiate experianced players from non-experienced""4- fix your servers, sometimes i cannot join the server and it keeps kicking me off5- fix the game fail of killing last ticket, sometimes last player hide somewhere and it takes very long time to find him and kill him which is absolutely boring for other players who wait to respawn or starting another match6- the reload time is fine & realistic7- add more armies & units for more historically realistic game because napoleon didn't fight only britishs his agressive campaign reached russia , like prussian one - austro-hungary , ottomans, russian maybe.8- buy this game and support developers to continue that unique idea & game.9- fix friendly fire ""friendly fire has no penalty or kicking penalty!""10- add some list of ranks so old players can have better fame or differntiate themselves from others, like ""red orchestra 2 game""  ranking for example11- sometimes the game makes the whole pc laggs when you exit from it12- optimize the fps performance, am not a programmer and i can't tell you how but it's your job to figure out, players are having limited amount of fps even on lowest settings. i believe the game engine could provide more fps if the game processed a little more bit. but i still can't blame the DEVs since updates are coming each week means they are already busy with other stuff.13- enhance the melee or make the movement of the melee smoother.14- fix the walling bug, i can see enemies through the wall when iam very close or stuck to a wall inside some building15- proposal: give the ""drum or instrumental guys & flag holder men"" some value, for example: a little increase in running speed or less reload time while they are around or close to soldiers. and if they got killed you lose that advantage! this will make the game more competitive.p.s: i may edit this review based on upcoming updates of the game"
76561197965034662,Recommended,589290,35139918,Posted: 22 September,all,Benjamin_Brexit,Potentially the best thing since the British Empire.
76561198094250440,Recommended,589290,35150759,Posted: 23 September,all,MOV_Renegade(Party),"Lets actually break it down for a bit, its an alpha game, priced at $20 US or $25 AU, I think it is worth the deal. Sure we could quite easily pick at the negative parts like the melee and admin tools, however, it is the second day of launch when I am writing this and early alpha, the game is going good for an alpha stage. The game is completely different to Mount and Blade Warband: Napoleonic Wars, STOP COMPARING!!! The game looks and sounds amazing, there is some refining to do with melee and shooting like direction and pistols being too OP. Overall I give it a strong thumbs up and a shoutout to the devs who I know for a fact are communicating with players across regions to make their game better."
76561198001192112,Recommended,589290,35138703,Posted: 22 September,all,Green,"Holdfast is a fun game with lots of potential.As a launch into EA this game definetly shows promise if they polish it properly.The gun fights are fun and fairly satisfying when you take out an oppenent. Some argue the guns are way to inaccurate, but personally for me I still enjoy it.The melee aspect of the game is decent but needs lots of work, especially when it comes to the bayonets. With swords it is fairly easy to take out the enemy. Just last game I had 7 brits in close combat and took out 6 while 1 was taken out by ff.Pros-  Fun gameplay when it comes to shooting-  Variety of three different game modes so to speak (seige, tdm, and naval warfare)-  Graphics are good for the amount of players that this game supports per serverCons- Slight lag at max capacity servers ( game came out yesterday, %99.99 sure they will be able to optimize)- PUBs seem to be an all out tdm with no really coordination (though still enjoyable for a good laugh)- BUNNY hopping.... please for the sake of this game make a slight delay for making consecutive jumps so we donthave people hopping like t...s up to you, destroys the fun of playing GREATLY-  Respawn times are WAY to fast. No incentive to not just run it the enemy as you will just respawn in 10 sec orinstantly some times.Overall, I am enjoying this game greatly and will most likely be looking into joining a regiment in the future.The game still needs a lot of work and polish put into it, but it is highly promising.For a group of guys that are most likely working from one of their mom's bedrooms, keep up the good work devs!!!"
,Recommended,589290,35192207,Posted: 24 September,all,Keeakal,"It has it's ups and downs. When youre on a team that seems to be working together..forming a line and marching in with a flute player and a drummer you get the real experience this game is suppose to offer. But with a voip system that is unpredictable its hard to get that.Chat is absolutely insane you can see everything the other team is typing and vice versa so trying to make a strategy with your team that you can't talk to is basically out the window.There is a lot of team killing that goes on and without any punishment system (kicked from the server or banned from the server for x amount of time after so many team kills) People just team kill for some of the oddest reasons. I had a group of three that kept killing any drummer or flute player that would spawn in. Just because they didn't like them....Most of the matches is just your entire team running solo to wherevere there seems to be fighting, you always have one or two guys shooting each other on the same team, theres always spams in side chat about join this group or this group. The meele fighting is completely bonkers and so out of sync is laughable.Now with the shooting, your shots are highly irregular and sporadic as all get out, every kill seems like a big accomplishment because of the terrible hit range detection. The cannons are pretty neat it takes a few shots to get dialed in to where you want to shoot but the few times I've done that I usually get shot in the back by a teammate because apparently it's his turn on the cannon.Fix the voip system, fix the chat to where you can't see the enemy talking as well, and please introduce a punishment system for team killing.If anyone is wondering about gamemodes...? There isn't any...you load in and fight until all tickets are done. Would be nice to see some capture the objective, or a forward push game play. Would be interesting to try and overrun an area that is being guarded down by the enemy who don't want to lose their point of play.I do understand this is an early access game so I have high hopes becasue it is far from polished but I am pretty sure this game isnt going to flunk the admins on the official servers are there pretty often and are doing there best at keeping servers from getting to lagged down and whatnot.All in all I give this game a thumbs up for the potential and it is a fun time waster, but if you're looking to buy this game just go in knowing that very rarely do you get a team that is a team because of the lack of communication and if someone is team killing well there isn't really anything you can do about it except shoot him back which doesn't really fix the problem just makes it worse"
76561198027025199,Recommended,589290,35127803,Posted: 22 September,all,Malus131,"From what I've played so far with a small group of mates I've had an absolute blast. The different game modes mean there's a decent amount to do and keep you interested already, the basic gameplay mechanics are sound, though melee could do with a *bit* of a touch up to be honest ; however this could have been a server/lag issue due to the amount of people loading into a brand new games servers. If it isn't server side/ping related then the melee could do with quite a hefty amount of finetuning.The simplest way I can describe this game is that it took elements of Mount & Blades NW module (with crumbling wall mechanics a la Total War) , spliced in some Blackwake and hey presto here's a new game.Long and the short of it is: I can easily recommend this for the price it's on steam for, and I look forward to seeing how it changes and expands over time."
,Recommended,589290,35128836,Posted: 22 September,all,Aegon Targaryen,This is a really nice and fun game especially if you enjoy historical battles. Navel battles are a lot of fun especially Navel Sieges. Can't wait for Calvary.
,Recommended,589290,35129114,Posted: 22 September,all,=TEX=Beltory,This is a great game if you're a fan of M&B! It needs some improvements in multiple area's (Hitboxes are meh/Melee is Meh) and lacks official US servers (one official 20 player server) whereas EU has multiple 126 player official servers.Is HF worth $20? I would say around $10-15 atm but as it cooks it will surely be worth $20 pricetag.
76561198079223715,Recommended,589290,35129225,Posted: 22 September,all,jackiem,"First saw videos from Pixellated Apollo about this game and had to check it out. Pretty fun, mini map giving away my position while im sneaking gets annoying and so were the friendly fire trolls but other than that great game."
,Recommended,589290,35129624,Posted: 22 September,all,Lieutenant A.Kouassi,"Holdfast Nations at war. For those of you familiar with mount and musket, mount and blade and napoleonic wars you will definitely feel at home here.The game is much better graphically and animation wise it fits in better I think.As the title is early access however I would pnly recommend buying it if you are genuinely interested in supporting the game developers and the community. The game itself has much potential in terms of portraying this type of rare genre of game in such a beautiful yet deadly era. That of the 1800s and musket warfare.The game itself has suffered initially some lagging and server side issues officially however that said the developers have already fixed and are continuing to improve the performance issues server side and stabilise the game.Combat is quite fun and feels much more in line than napoleonic wars and other mods/games of a similar nature. The ranged weapons all have bullet drop among other factors which keep the game interesting and it is not overley difficult to learn how the mechanics work. Melee combat I would say is needing improved as it seems to have a delay in blocking and attacks which make it a little odd when engaging but apart from that is completely useable.The graphics, scenary and art work is really well done and portrays the nations currently within the game relatively accurately. Featuring Guard, Riflemen, Regulars and Officers and future classes to come it does go in depth. The Naval battles is definitely a positive development in terms of community and is well designed.Like any game though, it has areas it could improved as mentioned above and over time I believe the game will be more of a success hopefully. The community is definitely more positive and people seem to realise what rules of engagement and type of people play these types of games. Former regiments from other games are coming across and events and so on are forming nicely so the future is good this far. People are what keep these types of games alive.A worthwhile investment I would say and in its current state compared to other EA titles. Not bad, all things considered."
,Recommended,589290,35156177,Posted: 23 September,all,twitch.tv/RebsArmy,"Pros-The game is a combination of Blackwake and Napoleonic Wars (the pervious title). So far the game has had an exceptional launch with no major faults or game breaking lag. The atmosphere is captivating and you will really get a sense of fighting in the Napoleonic era, whether its on land, the sea or a combination of both. The game supports 126 players on land and 76 players at sea in either game modes. There is a great emphasis on increasing the number of players. As the old game could hold 200 players in battle. Maybe we could see an increase on the newer engine.There is a day and night cycle, with dynamic wheather which changes the playstyle of every match. You could find it to be a clear skyed sunny afternoon, changing to a cold rainy evening with a blanket of fog casting itself upon soldiers as the moonlight beams acoss the land when nightfall comes, cascading a silver glow as the howling wolves are silhouetted against the nights watchful eye. It has an amazing community; the game is practicly built around its community with the developers letting its community have a say in every aspect of the game on their fourms though discussions and voting polls.Their is a wide section of gamemodes, with a descent selection of maps to go around with more in the workings. The devs have a lot of great things currently in development, such as the implementation of more ships with different roles to one another. Cavalry is to roam the battlefield as in the previous game. More nations to be added with unique weapons, clothing, voices, etc. Music is also a feature in the game, with nations having unique songs which are played by fifers, dummers. There is also violinists in the game for the navy aspect as well as pianos scattered acoss the games land maps for any solder to come and play admist the raging chaotic battle.In the menu, there are two grayed out features currently in development, but they will serve as the foundations to the community's regiments and crews. One looks like a regiment roster, the other could be an event organiser with ladders for regiments and crews to enter and win competitions.Cons-So far the only problem I gave faced would be melee fighting, as it feels less fluid and players can find them selfs running in circles from time to time to hit one another.There was a tiny bit of server lag to mention but hardly game breaking, but that was fixed with a patch day two after its realese."
,Recommended,589290,35174676,Posted: 24 September,all,Satania,Press N to Insults
76561198007138440,Recommended,589290,35188002,Posted: 24 September,all,Whiskey Medic,This game is worth every penny. Even in early access its a gem... Formations are easy to form. Combat is intense. Warcrys are real. Feel the lead.
,Recommended,589290,35130219,Posted: 22 September,all,Chuck,very good game!
76561198058395818,Recommended,589290,35163146,Posted: 23 September,all,1st Prawns Dr Zaius,"Sooo, I know I have played just 2 hours of this game, yet there are things I can spot in that short time period.This is a multiplayer game, and so far the game seems very laggy, if you remember laggy servers from napoleonic wars dlc for warband, then yes, they are still more stable...Another problem is the lack of discipline, the game needs sth to force formations and firing in lines, cause right now it seems to be random and almost free for all (some people are so thirsty for kills that they are ready to commit teamkill).Next issue is the melee combat, which  is very random and unintuitive (due to lags).If the devs can overcome these difficulties, the game has a huge potential.Sooo all people really into XIX century warfare... Hold your horses!"
,Recommended,589290,35138233,Posted: 22 September,all,frögsäp,"good enoughActual review:The game doesn't actually explain anything about the classes and what they do, so you'll have to learn that yourself/if you're coming from Mountain Blade you're good to go.Naval combat is very fun, even though it still has many problems, it's playable. Climbing a ship while being in the ocean just teleports you on the ship, but that'll probably be changed.Loading cannons happens instantly, but I think it's balanced by the fact that it takes a lot of time to push the cannon. Not the best solution, but whatever.Melee combat isn't always responsive, so you have to rely on muskets to do the kills, since they're much more accurate than in NW.Graphics are good, but the game isn't optimized yet (it just launched anyway).I give Holdthat NaW a ""it's very early access""/10."
,Recommended,589290,35155789,Posted: 23 September,all,Simon445,"For EA game its really good (consindering its a 3 man team)Optimisation is ok I guess (ultra settings ~ 40 to 60 fps, most of the time its between 50 and 55)I'm really impressed by the sound design and overall graphics and details.My only major buff is that UI has stuff we don't need (glad it can be turned off)"
76561197981845540,Recommended,589290,35189342,Posted: 24 September,all,Günter Krieger,"I just finished reading Napoleon: A Life by Andrew Roberts, and then I see this on the second page of Steam's Best Sellers. Impulsively, I immediately bought it without really even looking into it. Best impulse buy yet! Incredibly fun game. It is pretty similar to Warband: Napoleonic Wars, but improves upon it in pretty much every way, It's definetly worth the $20. Now if you excuse me, it's time to get back with the Grande Armee and march with Napoleon to Moscow. Vive la France!"
76561198012663165,Recommended,589290,35123382,Posted: 22 September,all,Cryptosporidium-137,"(It,s Early Access and Alpha version)100% RecommendStill working team :) It will be the best napoleonic era game"
76561198339351247,Recommended,589290,35115633,Posted: 21 September,all,Nr.9 Augustus,Glorious!
,Recommended,589290,35115843,Posted: 21 September,all,[1stEB]Joxxe ♞,they need to fix the melee system and bring cav in otherwise good
,Recommended,589290,35238258,Posted: 27 September,all,Fleshmeister,"This game man! It's filled with bugs and is not near a full game.But i havent had this much fun in a game for a long while.The community is awesome, exept for some people who play music in voip (but it's kind of expected).Just don't take this game to serious, don't look at the scoreboard and just enjoy the game for what it is. :)"
76561198041251183,Recommended,589290,35141372,Posted: 22 September,all,☩ The Last Templar,"Just a great game! Worth every penny, an honourable heir to m&B Napoleonic Wars!"
,Recommended,589290,35140944,Posted: 22 September,all,Pepes,"good napoleonic era game..., recommended for you who just have to chill after playing rage game such as CS and GO. the community is amazing forming a line like the true napoleonic war is actually very easy because of the community (hope it last).9/10 for those who looking for fun and entertaining games."
76561198170883375,Recommended,589290,35211754,Posted: 25 September,all,Cameron Snow,"I love this game, amazing is a understatement this game is made out of thought from the Napoleonic Wars DLC From Mount & Blade, That DLC was ""ok"" however, this game takes that concept and turns it into something amazing. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone that is interested in history(mostly Napoleonic War), Just plainly AMAZING."
76561198051909399,Recommended,589290,35141383,Posted: 22 September,all,JOINT MASTER,so far soo good . for an alpha stage game its really promising !  . keep it up devs make this game awesome !
,Recommended,589290,35220379,Posted: 26 September,all,Reverend D,"A good idea well executed. Holdfast is a great game and well worth the price even for this stage of development. I had many concerns going in (some well founded) but I was delighted to see how many other players really are looking for a line warfare experience. It has several game modes of which I've tried a few. At this time the naval/coastal modes are a lot of fun, but I preferred the grand army battles.I've been involved in battles that started out orderly and descended into total chaos, and battles where an English and French line literally traded shots back and forth the entire match while support players tried to turn the tide. Overall the community so far has been great except for a few random people just screaming in their mics. I had some serious reservations as to how they could coax cooperation and order, but Holdfast manages pretty well.Random players will begin to form lines at Officers or areas of good cover, like stone walls. Once organized it will usually culminate in a slow march over open terrain while advance-firing. Your musket is only really accurate to 30m though it's deadly beyond 60m, and firing with the reticle dead center over your target may result in a shot 20m wide right/left. Because of this, it's impossible to rely on your skills and weapon alone... forcing players, in a way, to work more closely.Roles/classes include Officers, Line/Light Infantry, Riflemen, Musicians, Flag Bearers, Surgeons, and Carpenters. Most of which are self explanatory. The support roles of Flag bearers and Musicians are especially fun, because playing your instrument or waving your flag will result in bonuses for all teammates nearby (Like better accuracy).The best experiences you will have in this game is marching in a line of 20+ with a decent officer. It's war... you might manage to decimate an enemy line with coordinated volleys or your officer may be shot in the throat midway through ""Ready... aim..."" leaving you to suddenly start using your own initiative.For a game in beta, it is very much worth the purchase in its current state... and it will only continue to improve. I've spent the last couple evenings in the US official server and will be back again tonight."
76561198069221657,Recommended,589290,35183593,Posted: 24 September,all,hoosdatGuy,"Since it just came out on Early Access, it lacks polish, and some facets of the game require additional work (server latency, melee, more features, etc.). Despite that, it has a solid foundation, looks great, and holds a great amount of promise. The developers are very committed to working with the community, quickly releasing patches for some of the most major bugs and most requested features."
,Recommended,589290,35178822,Posted: 24 September,all,Caigun,"The natural sequel to Mount and Blade: Napoleonic Wars. Two days into early access, and it's already a contender for GOTY in my book."
,Recommended,589290,35169638,Posted: 23 September,all,63e Bani,Fu*king George!
,Recommended,589290,35112504,Posted: 21 September,all,Fergus,"My main concern so far is the clunky melee system, but it is Alpha, besides, firearms and artillery are pretty fun."
,Not Recommended,589290,35116012,Posted: 21 September,all,[51st]Ludwig,"I'm not so sure just yet.The game is early access, however, the fact that it has been released shows that the developers deem it to be a release worthy of publish.Whilst the graphics are a vast improvement on M&B, there are many small niggles and areas lacking refinement. This game does not look like Fallout 4 on Ultra, but it has the same demands on hardware. Beware any promises of later optimisation; Unless their code is already awful, I don't know what room for improvement there is, given the engine limitations.Multiplayer servers, despite being capped to 126 players, or 75 in the case of official Sieges, still seem to suffer.Melee is abysmal in the present state:- You left click, and somewhere between 5 to 10 minutes later, you will make a swing; It seems the hitboxes are developers flipping a coin. At present, there is no feasible way to develop a melee skill or style - It is predominantly down to luck, and blocking is most definitely an optional extra.Shooting isn't particularly enjoyable, and further to this it is somewhat hampered by the constant bunny hopping I have seen in public multiplayer; I can't help but feel the player's talents in long jumping would somewhat overshadow a laden Napoleonic soldier.I'm not prepared to offer a conclusion as yet: I'm currently debating whether or not to refund the game and await progress. In its present state, with literally unplayable melee combat, I don't think It justifies the investment."
,Recommended,589290,35111169,Posted: 21 September,all,TheOnlyRyan,Can reload musketoon and walk at the same time!11/10
,Recommended,589290,35266009,Posted: 28 September,all,Aggressive Sloth,"Really solid start with lots of updates in the first week of release.The ground battles are great although currently lack variety.Naval combat is amazing. Not as polished(yet) as Blackwake but it's not far off.Maps also have night/day cycles whilst you play which is amazing as well as weather effects including snow.With the adition of new maps, weapons/classes and some polish this game will be amazing."
76561198415075619,Recommended,589290,35138048,Posted: 22 September,all,HairyTittiedYeti,"DAY 1 REVIEWWhen I first got it..I was unsure, I hesitated watching the timer slowly tick toward the 2hr non refundable deadline.Initial issues...first game I click on....black screen back to the main game menu.WHAT?!.. This happened 3 times. I was getting mad. So like an adult I went to the community hub and found out from a dev post that the number of players ingame is incorrect for servers and that the black screen is caused by the server being full. They just havent added a ""server full"" text yet. Ok so I am less mad now..black screen for a second means server is full and to keep clicking join or find a different one.(UPDATE) Black screen fixed, in under 24hrs, If you buy this game now, you will not experience it.Get in first game, 126 players playing, gunfire all around me, I fire 1 shot just testing stuff out and now i cant reload..... I keep stabbing the air..well WTF? check game controls X is melee mode, i press x...this is does not do anything..i then press every button on my keyboard, my man starts shouting crouching jumping stabbing wildly at passerbys as if I am possesed. Even now, if I use a bayonet, i can not fire my gun again. others can...so its a bug..i swapped to a different class..flag bearer!.... Now I just scream and stand there during a enemy charge while my team gets their bayonetts ready. I feel I am helping. I can stab with my flag, pull out a sword, or a pistol.(UPDATE: Bayonet is working for some of my classes now)So there I am, standing with a flag, huge target..and what do I hear?..drums! ...a flute?...I look behind me, and marching up next to me is a band! I join their ranks with my flag...others start to join, marching inline formation across a battlefield. Cannon fire flies over my head, I keep the flag high, the drummer keeps drumming, the line keeps marching into the center of the fray. The man infront of me falls, had he not been there my flag holding career would have ended. More drop around me, we return fire, smoke billowing from every musket hazing the battlefield. We exhange vollleys for 2 minutes when someone screams charge! with baoyonnets fixed (expect for me ofcourse) Our line charges. Me out infront, flag held high for all to see as we push forward past all our allied units and collide with the enemy. this is when the melee comes into play and god is it awful. the tragedy wasnt the lives lost that day for England...it was how they were lost during the melee portion. It still haunts me.My review is getting long, aside from the line battles there are ships battles that are absoluetly fun! and costal battles where ships try to take a fort (havent played one yet)  Its almost two games..the ship battles are MUST play though Nothing like 120 players spread out on 8 or more ships in various sizes battling it out.Full control, you got a captian that steers, crew man who fire cannons and load them, royal marines who find off boarding parties..yes you can board enemy ships. ..point of my story is..this game has some serious bugs, and needs a good bit of work. But theres alot of games out there like that, and i tend to have an amazing time in them anyway.A dev was in game playing on the same server, I looked at their profile, they have 1,440hrs logged into mount and blade. You can tell they care, you can tell they want to play with us, and hey it just launched, the Melee needs improvement and they know this, they are literally playing it with us. So yes, support these guys, its still loads of fun, just dont take it too serious when those lines collide just yet. I see lots of potential and I do not regret my purchase.UPDATE: Melee has gotten better, server is more fluid, melee seems quicker and i feel i have more control."
,Recommended,589290,35142178,Posted: 22 September,all,Freebird,"Melee is pretty bad, but it's day two so I'll reserve judgement on it. Other than that it is an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,589290,35178621,Posted: 24 September,all,[41ᴇ] ʙᴀsᴛᴀʀᴅ,carpenter and max ragdoll physics = jolly good laugh
76561198001055001,Recommended,589290,35199103,Posted: 25 September,all,big dig captain,"Really fun game. I play from australia, I'll probably refund it as there's not that many other australians playing >:If more people played it I would buy it again."
76561198032132936,Recommended,589290,35121489,Posted: 21 September,all,Butcher,"Would be tough to recommend it if Napoleonic Wars DLC had more players. If you never played Mount&Blade: Napoleonic Wars you will defenitely enjoy this game.If I never played NW I would say:Pros:-125 players per server-Napoleonic Era warfareCons:-Minimap that gives away your positionComparing with NW would be more beefy tho:Pros:-Graphic-Voice chat-Naval now actually has cannons on a boatsCons:-Only 125 players compared to 200-240 in NW-No cavalry, no sappers at this moment-Pretty much everyone can reload on the run, which destroys pacing-No map editor, so content will become old fastAnother con related to development team. I heard they have only 3 ppl in dev team, so development process will be anything, but fast, which potentially can affect active playerbase. I'm also a bit sceptical that they will increase max player count to 200 at least.Would I say it better than NW? No. Is it good game still? I think yes."
,Recommended,589290,35142593,Posted: 22 September,all,El Burro,"THATS MUTINY, SIR"
76561198015616957,Recommended,589290,35118432,Posted: 21 September,all,RJ,good
,Recommended,589290,35119118,Posted: 21 September,all,[53]Soldat_Ragnavar,"I am going to be honest on this review.Well first things first lets get the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things out of the wayThe melee is absolute trash, there is no cav and some classes are incomplete(currently)Well now lets get on to all the funs things of this game.Like NW it is extremy satisfying getting a kill, the new animations and graphics are amazing.The maps are gigantic and fun.The new crouch walking system is so cool and there is a new weapon that works like a shotgun.Enemies are now more unpredictable and the Naval Battles are the far best modes in the game entirelythis game would get a 8/10 from me(for now)."
,Recommended,589290,35119724,Posted: 21 September,all,Proude,"Good for a EA title, the melee combat needs to be worked on and new features need to be added, btw this is coming from NW player."
,Recommended,589290,35120049,Posted: 21 September,all,Kingaoe,"Great game so far just need to improve the melee a lot and the server lag, but shooting is great and really fun when in a reg. Great NW 2 sad to see Nw go but i think holdfast is a good replacement."
76561198073995090,Recommended,589290,35123488,Posted: 22 September,all,Mason,"Amazing Job  by a team with only 1 programmer so i've been told and all funded out of their pockets, also has an entire naval scene with in depth ship mechanics, wind, damage etc. only negative is the melee but only for the meantime under good ping conditions its good but still needs work which is exactly what AGS is focusing on, they know what the player base wants."
,Recommended,589290,35125158,Posted: 22 September,all,dunadan,"Good stuff so far, melee really needs a lot of work though.Also the reload animations, and interaction animations cannons, rudder, wheel are lacking.Not too impressed by performances, not sure if because EA or simply Unity being t r a s h.Looking forward cavalry and bots maybe as well, hopefully commander battles.Certainly a great pick for people who liked the Battle Grounds and Mount&Musket mods."
,Recommended,589290,35138137,Posted: 22 September,all,1stRVR | BlitzKra1g,"Truely addicting, but best to be played with a regiment. Encourages teamwork. Need to iron out the issues but even in its rough state, its incredibly fun."
76561198082363549,Recommended,589290,35230249,Posted: 26 September,all,Dope Fiend,For an Eearly Access title this is a pretty darn good game. I dig it.
76561198079483895,Recommended,589290,35125899,Posted: 22 September,all,Grandmaster James Deen,"And to think just three guys were able to deliver this amazing immersive experience, even with the inaccurate musket sounds as of now. Being in the middle of smoke and flying cannon balls is just amazing.This game is a huge step forward for the napoleonic era, and fans will like that. Many compare this to M&B:Warband - Napoleonic Wars but i assure you they are nothing alike except for the theme.Having played about 400 hundreds hours of NW, i never experienced such immersion before, mainly because NW was just a skin put over Warband's engine and that sucked, a lot of features had to be removed, animations impared etc.The game will still receive a lot of content and it's already good.Is worth noticing that the melee is not as satysfing as you would expect but i have yet to experience ''clunkyness''If you're a fan of the Napoleonic Era you should definetly get this game."
76561198136937607,Recommended,589290,35127779,Posted: 22 September,all,DEvineSzLIVE Twitch.tv/DivineSL,"HoldFast - You can certainly feel this is an alpha version, because the game still lacks polish which is obvious,those who play this game or rather those who are even interested in this game are part of a community of peoplewho like historical times and battles, for them this is a great game almost like taking mount & blade Napoleonic Wars DLCadding new high quality graphics with HD textures and amazing new sounds with great qualitythe only thing that really lacks in this game is melee combat it's not smooth and I can almost say ""laggy"" in its feelingbut the devs said they are working on it and after all its alpha version.if you're not part of said community or you're not really looking to join it I wouldn't really recommend this gamebecause it will feel boring to you and not worth the money, however if you are willing to join this game offers ahigh quality napoleonic wars recreation."
,Recommended,589290,35133023,Posted: 22 September,all,39th Steve,"This game is very similar to Mount and Blade: Napoleonic Wars! Of course there are bugs here and there, but if you came from the NW commuity, you're going to love the game!"
,Recommended,589290,35152005,Posted: 23 September,all,PuNk!,"Remember playing Mount & Blade Warband - Napoleonic DLC?Remember enjoying the game?Remember shouting ""HUZZZAH!"" and ""FOR KING AND COUNTRY!"" when you stormed the breach?Remember trying to form lines with other players as you marched towards the enemy?Remember being one of the band members playing music to boost morale of the men?Remember getting blown up by cannon fire?If you remember playing Mount & Blade Warband - Napoleonic DLC and all of these things above. Then you'll bloody love this game. It's the update to Napolenoic Wars we've all been waiting for.A MUST BUY for a M&B fanboy. Seriously.10/10 - Would walk towards enemy musket fire playing the drums again."
76561198019026910,Recommended,589290,35165702,Posted: 23 September,all,Redgrave35,"I have poor internet connections, but I still do enjoy every second of it before it ruins my kill streak. Fun game!"
,Recommended,589290,35353593,Posted: 30 September,all,[3rdFG] Major Thomas Lawford,"For what the game is now, it is in pretty good shape. Of course there are still things that need work, but you cannot expect a full fledged game when it is in its early testing phases. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes the play style of Mount and Blade. The community is decent as well."
,Recommended,589290,35121704,Posted: 21 September,all,Oman,Melee is trash plz improve thanks
,Recommended,589290,35131491,Posted: 22 September,all,Hader,"I did not test this game, only played it on launch day onwards thus far. But I have played a crap ton of the M&B mod/expansion Napoleonic Wars, which this game obviously is going to be most similar to.For early access alpha, there actually is a good amount of content here. Not as much as there could be, given the time period and the possibilities for factions, maps, game modes, etc., but definitiely enough to be playable and enjoyable for many hours to both new and old players of the genre.It is still early access, so it lacks polish in a few areas. Server lag seems to have improved with the first patch, but that probably won't eliminate it entirely yet. Melee combat, while taking the core of Mount&Blade mechanics (which is good IMO for its simplicity to learn and complexity to master), is just not where it needs to be yet. Mechanically it works the same, but functionally it seems that hit detection and melee speed are way off what you inherently expect it to be and it creates some very frustrating melee combat (especially when combined with any lag). The siege gamemode to me seems like it really needs some tweaks as far as reinforcements goes, since it feels almost way too easy for attackers to eventually win no matter how well the defenders do, but that may be partially due to new players and server settings as well.Veterans of Napoleonic Wars will definitely want to be seeing servers for 200 players at least eventually, along with improved server options and viewing in the server list. A small bit of character customization, maybe ways to organize regiments ingame (via UI), and other minimums that NW offered will also eventually be wanted here, but for now in alpha won't be as big of a deal.That being said though, most everything else currently there is fairly well done and doesn't need much more polish overall, the game just needs to polish those few core gameplay mechanics a bit more (melee especially) and expand potentially on the playable nations, add a little more explanation of each troop class, and add some bloody cavalry! After that and maybe some more things I can't think of off the top of my head, it will be the true expansion from Napoleonic Wars that it should be.TL;DR - Will provide good fun for hours for new and old players of NW, still needs polish in melee combat and expansion in other areas, but for an alpha is at a good place to move forward with those good potential expansion points and gameplay mechanics. You'll need to really wait until full release or near full release for the best overall experience but as it is now is a great introduction and way to get into it."
76561198119669277,Recommended,589290,35193353,Posted: 24 September,all,Smoovie,"The foundations are there, good graphics, period accurate uniforms and songs for the musicians, they just need to adjust the melee as soon as possible to make it acceptable and I feel like the game will be well on its way to being a worthy successor to Napoleonic Wars"
,Recommended,589290,35195364,Posted: 24 September,all,.bigga,"Decent graphics for a cheap multiplayer with big scaled battles.Overall sound effects are awesome.UI could be a bit better, that minimap is okish in terms of locating an enemy position. But especially in ship battles its pretty hard to tell friend from foe apart.Can't compare the weapon handling to any other shooter i played so far, but you have an aiming reticule. Shots can land somewhere in that reticule. 15-20meter Shots are mostly easily down, but anything farther away is pretty hard to hit.It's quite random sometimes.Melee Combat definitely needs some work, but it's still satisfying to one hit kill unaware people from behind.Few infantry maps are kinda boring, anything with decent cover is quite fun.The Ship-Battles are already pretty fun, but needs some work in terms of which objectives to achieve and balancing how many people should spawn on a ship. But nonetheless pretty fun, for example I jumped on a row-boat after my ship was sunk.I sneaked up on some low crew enemy ships, entered and killed the surprised crew.I only bought that game today and already have 7h played in a single session, so you can say it makes quite addictive for an early access alpha. Also it has already many game modes, so it shouldnt get boring anytime soon."
76561198306977350,Recommended,589290,35208042,Posted: 25 September,all,sarelpoy1990,Great game!
76561198109998372,Recommended,589290,35208213,Posted: 25 September,all,Capitalist Pepe,"Short review:Pros: Great graphics, alot of varity in gamplay (navy, siges and battles etc), realistic (to a certain extent).Cons: Immature community (lots, lots and lots of teamkilling), few maps, and a quit frankly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ melee system, but the biggest of them all, aiming weapons, seriosly muskets arnt accurate by modern standards but come on, you can barly hit anything over 30 meters....Worth buying, bugs and faults will surley be solved in the future, and i pray that they immplement some kind of permenent banning mechanism for trolls..."
,Recommended,589290,35209087,Posted: 25 September,all,Yete111,"An amazing game. Feels very similar to NW. By all means buy this game. Many people are hating on it because of the optimization of the bad melee. But they don't know that this game is in a early access. Within 5 days the devs have posted 3 big updates. So at this rate everything will be polished within a few months, so don't drop the game or not buy it because something are bad. Because the devs are already fixing it. There all already things that are so many times better then NW. Such as  the naval battles. Naval battles are but far some of the best i have played in my life. So overall it's a yes because for 20 dollars (10 dollars more then NW) you get so many new things that up NW so many times. I SUGGEST YOU BUY IT CAUSE ITS JUST GETS BETTER AND BETTER"
76561198256449052,Recommended,589290,35124384,Posted: 22 September,all,NinjaSloth,Mount and blade but better
76561198062834230,Recommended,589290,35127870,Posted: 22 September,all,1stRVR | Das Swede,"Amazing game, the next step for any napoleonic loving player. Filled with beautiful scenery and smoked filled air from all the muskets going off, a whole different experience from other shooters. Nothing beats those tense filled moments trying to reload your musket before the enemy player does, 10/10 would recommend to anyone looking for more out of a game"
76561198258878558,Recommended,589290,35134463,Posted: 22 September,all,[19th] aragorn,the only bad thing about this game is its melee system.everything else plays and looks great
,Recommended,589290,35159581,Posted: 23 September,all,Silent Hastati,"While nto as polished as their earlier efforts, the NW DLC for Warband, Holdfast shows some promise in the admittadly small genre. Whiel it's very rough around the edges right now, it does provide some fun in the naval and ranged warfare department, although the mele is vastly inferior to M&B NW at the moment. I'm not sure I'd call it a buy in it's current state, but definatly a ""add to watchlist"""
,Recommended,589290,35193962,Posted: 24 September,all,Monkey having a haircut,Good game overall could become a good successors to NW.Bad- needs more optimisation!!!!- more players in servers- And OFCOURSE MELEE!!- the game UI feels a bit clunky too
76561197984726006,Recommended,589290,35209734,Posted: 25 September,all,Monk,Best fun I have had in many years of gaming and I mean many (30+)Its a bit buggy but has a great community sense.Charging into enemy with pipes and drums playing hillarious!!
,Recommended,589290,35132589,Posted: 22 September,all,[GG] Lord Wolve,Spin it to win it.
76561198086752613,Recommended,589290,35134793,Posted: 22 September,all,Lockbody123,I really like this Game and i am looking foreward to see how the Game will turn out over time.But there is a thing i want to see in this GameMake it that Soldiers only can kill the enemy with one hit when they are near a musicianand have to hit enemys twice if there out by themselfsthis would cause players to stick together in groups and would make the field medic more usefull
76561198077518017,Recommended,589290,35138879,Posted: 22 September,all,Pav-Mitch,It is an early access game but already day 1 the devs have shown they care for what the community wants.Graphics are greatShooting is greatNaval combat is greatRoadmap is looking goood!Melee needs work but it is a high priority for the devsKeen for the future.
,Recommended,589290,35139239,Posted: 22 September,all,[8thVA] Jasdeep/Fredrick,"8/10 Game is pretty good I think a worthy successor to Mount and Blade Warband needs some tweaks such as melee,but its pretty good."
,Recommended,589290,35163939,Posted: 23 September,all,Cody,"Naval system just like blackwake (could use a tiny bit of work, such as adding cd timers instead of just disabling the cannons) & in my opinion better combat system than Mount & Blade: Napoleonic Wars. Apparently the dev team consist of three people, and that in itself is insane. The melee system is pretty bad compard to mount and blade, but I'm prety sure that it will be either fixed/redone overtime. Games pretty good for early access, 9/10."
76561198137873062,Recommended,589290,35197531,Posted: 24 September,all,didgi123,Awesome game!
,Recommended,589290,35258029,Posted: 28 September,all,Gluteus Maximus,This is how Early Access Games should look and work....We got what we were shown and the players are mostly content.....Just the network issues and melee needs a fix. Cant wait to Play this with my Regiment :D
,Recommended,589290,35145702,Posted: 22 September,all,RyanO3828,gawd damn this game is satisfying. buy that♥♥♥♥♥♥ all the complaints are of things that are already being fixed. chill yall its only two days in
76561198127565368,Recommended,589290,35145684,Posted: 22 September,all,Skedda Yoden,Super fun friggin game. get it.
76561198162517305,Recommended,589290,35264682,Posted: 28 September,all,Sir Horatio,"This game is amazing, well worth every penny. The naval battles are very unique and revolutionary, perhaps the only other thing similar is blackwake. Although the game is still in a very early stage of early acess, we have had extensive updates to attempt to fix the lag issues on servers. However there is no real variety in units and the only line infantry on the british side for example is KGL. This is also a bit annoying as we are a legion de la vistule regiment and thta unit does not yet exist in the game. Additionally the coat of arms used for the british is the modern one rather than the coat of arms of king george. Picky things aside, the ballistics are amazing and the melee is ok - for now. Overally great game and keep up the good work guys!"
76561197987105041,Recommended,589290,35256801,Posted: 28 September,all,srsgizmo,The current NW Successor. Other than mele this game is amazing... so much more to come.
,Recommended,589290,35188899,Posted: 24 September,all,Dirty Dan,"If you're still playing Warband: Napoleon, you have EVERY reason to get this!EDIT: The melee has been fixed! It's quick and responsive, so bayonet charges are now actually effective and not a buggy mess. I've removed this from my ""Con"" list. Way to go devs!Pros+ Whatever server issues they had on release are ALREADY fixed, so no worries there+ Excellent sound (Shooting, voice, footsteps, etc)+ Shooting is quite fun and responsive (Also the ragdolls are immensely satisfying)+ Reload animations are pretty good+ Uniforms are majestic and accurate AF+ Naval battles are also really good+ AMAZING light effects, actually affects battles that wear into the night/dawn+ Graphics look gud+ Animations are excellent! Walking, running, jumping, shooting, melee, etc.+/- No cavalry (On one hand, no annoying lancers, on the other, no cav at all. But I only really played Siege mode in WBN anyways so for me a +, others a -)Cons- So far only two factions (Brits and French)- Map choice is a little limited (Though it has more than Overwatch when it first released...)- No real progression system (Only weird because there's points for kills and streaks)- Definitely an Early Access game. Clipping in particular is a glaring flaw, some animations need work (360 spinning in place prompts no kind of animation which is only glaring as all other movement animation is SO good)I recommend this game even in its early access state and implore all Warband: Napoleon players that the grass is indeed greener! There's already a healthy population and servers are active 24/7 but the more the merrier!If you're okay with some solid Napoleonic infantry and naval action, I'd recommend getting in on the early access. However if you're looking for more factions/cav/maps etc, there's no harm in waiting for the game's full release or at least a few months as more is added."
,Recommended,589290,35294031,Posted: 29 September,all,86th | Colonel James Bayley,Mint
,Recommended,589290,35147664,Posted: 23 September,all,Berserk Jeff,"This is definetly an early access title with not much polish but a lot of promise. I know pretty much every game in early access shows promise, but with this game the promise doesn't come from what the devs have said will be getting added, but rather what is already in the game. As is this is an incredibly fun game, the character textures are pretty good, as good as can be for servers with so many players. Ground and nature textures are alright, a bit lacking.The weather and daytime effects are what I find really impressive. Admins can change a servers time and weather at will, adjust the length of days as well so a battle might start at midday and end in the sunset evening. The ground reacts to whether, if it's snowing, snow will gradually accumulate on the ground, buildings, and cannons although not player models sadely. You can even see the clouds roll in before the snow starts, and can watch them part as the snow thins and ends.Ranged combat feels great, the weapons are great, ragdolls are beautiful. I actually saw a guy get hit by a cannonball and his limbs wrapped around the ball as he went flying backwards. It blew me away. Melee is garbage though, and it gets worse as the player count grows. The official servers seem to struggle hard at 125 players, pings rise from 60 to 200 and melee goes from garbage to literal cancer. The devs have announced that their first priority is overhauling melee followed by optimizing the netcode to help ease the lag in large servers.Boats feel good. Coming from Blackwake the boats aren't nearly as visually stunning, and the combat isn't as good, but for the purpose of this game they work just fine.If you're a fan of Napoleonic Wars or the era and general, you'll feel right at home here and will definetly get your money out of the game. The fun definetly picks up if you group up with friends and form some lines and organized tactics. I'd definetly avoid melee though if you can, especially since the sword is pretty op when lag doesn't prevent its attacks from connecting."
,Recommended,589290,35133033,Posted: 22 September,all,Mr.Faptiful,Positive outcome+Nice visual effects+graphics looks amazing+sound effects amazing+Naval battles nice done (but ppl are teamkilling for no reason)Negative outcomes-Not well optimalized-ping on every server in server browser was like 20 but in game 100-700 and that sucks-close combat needs to be fixed-2 factions to chooseBUT its only in Alpha version so hopefully it will be all fixed :)
76561198376321219,Recommended,589290,35136397,Posted: 22 September,all,ghettoburger,"Pretty well polished for an early access game when compared to others. It has a few minor issues, but dont let that stop you from buying the game, because its totally worth the $20. This game has alot of potential, so hopefully the developers keep up with it."
,Recommended,589290,35168773,Posted: 23 September,all,hungry7,cheese eating surrender monkeys
,Recommended,589290,35130980,Posted: 22 September,all,Gerhard Von Scharnhorst,"I don't have much play time in it yet, but this MIGHT be the Mount and Blade NW killer you're looking for.Pros:-Graphics are beautiful, especially for a small dev team. Uniforms are awesome.-Incredible community. People are already forming regiments to fight eachother with.-Unique niche market. If you're looking for a Napoleonic era shooter, this is the game for you.-Gunplay is solid enough.-Good gamemodes for infantry combat-Naval battles are amazing.-EDIT: I had to write in that coastal siege is one of the most fun gamemodes I have ever played in a game. Period.Cons:-It has to be said. Melee in its current state is passable at best. THE DEVS ARE WORKING HARD ON IT THOUGH. IT WILL BE FIXED!-Optimization isn't the best. I can't seem to get above 45 FPS on my rig, but I have a feeling its my card (AMD).-Only France and Britain in the game right now. But the devs are going to add more countriesThis is, without a doubt, the best alpha release early access game on Steam. The amount of polish for an alpha is amazing. Its playable, beautiful, and LOADS of fun. Buy it now because they'll definitely jack up the price as more features are added.A note, though: This game is more arcade-y than Mount and Blade. Unless you're having line battles with your regiment, multiplayer isn't as rigid as M&B. It flows better, but that also means you lose some realism- which in my opinion is a good thing. You can reload as you walk, which would have been very hard in the real Napoleonic Wars, but is impossible in M&B. I think it works well in this game though because it fits the tone. If Mount and Blade is Arma 3, then Holdfast: NaW is Battlefield. Its still very realistic, very gritty, and very intense, but it isn't as ""formal"" as M&B."
,Recommended,589290,35134639,Posted: 22 September,all,♠️THADROR♠,"Games decent at the moment. The shooting is better than Mount & Blade: Napoleonic Wars but the melee is the ♥♥♥♥♥est thing on this planet at the moment. Hopefully they fix the melee by the time cavalry comes out.The navy is amazing in this game, best feature so far."
,Recommended,589290,35121839,Posted: 21 September,all,Trsnaqe,this is the best napoleonic experience if they fix everything and keep supporting. As a mb nw fan its cool but needs some improvements and melee system mostly. And most coolest feature in this game is dynamic weather. While charging in desert the rain was just began it was awesome.
,Recommended,589290,35190218,Posted: 24 September,all,77th | Footman | Hugo Stiglitz,Might Be one of the best games I have ever played.
76561198057350282,Recommended,589290,35118584,Posted: 21 September,all,ZEROFOX,"Thinking of buying this game? Ask yourself the following:""Do you want to see a guillotine in Piccadilly!?""""Do you want to call that raggedy♥♥♥♥♥Napoleon your king!?""""Do you want your children to sing La Marseillaise?!""On a more serious note this game is great. If you are like me and liked M&B NW you will LOVE this game. Not going to lie I have not had this much fun playing a game in years. Considering this game is only EA and does not even have calvary or sappers added yet that's saying something. Buy this you won't be dissapointed!"
76561198161159515,Recommended,589290,35224465,Posted: 26 September,all,Ghost,this game is amazing massive battles and hard but fun fighting defo recommend this game
76561198012181142,Recommended,589290,35223946,Posted: 26 September,all,[82DK] Hexagoner,"If you liked M&B:NW then this is the game for you, many epic moments in this game and the devs have even bigger plans for it."
,Recommended,589290,35197841,Posted: 25 September,all,Kevbot,"Great Graphics, runs smoothly, both land and sea battles are awesome. Cant Wait to see more nations added and battles become more epic!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198163714723,Recommended,589290,35255143,Posted: 27 September,all,Legless Bob,We rushed with a dude playing sabaton 10/10
76561197982642970,Recommended,589290,35219227,Posted: 26 September,all,Stormtrooper,"This game is awsome for line battle fans!As this game is on Early stage of EA, so it has much room to develop actually."
76561198401447783,Recommended,589290,35141096,Posted: 22 September,all,Mr_legion,10/10 Nepoleons
,Recommended,589290,35229158,Posted: 26 September,all,Poot,"Great game, planning on playing it for a long time."
,Recommended,589290,35120768,Posted: 21 September,all,Riley,"This game has touched me so deep. I have not felt this hot since the release of mount and blade, the experience is something out of this world. Join pavlovskiy."
,Recommended,589290,35204532,Posted: 25 September,all,SilentVoid静默虚空,"I like this game very much because I'm in fond of the lineinfantry combat and Napoleonic wars in the age of blackpowder. This game is producted by the develop team Mount & Blade Napoleonic DLC so I believe the quality of this game. Hopefluly it can make more good optimization, then increase more servers in another different countries and areas to take care of the problems on game network connection. I'm looking foreward to play more optional nations, more army jobs and weapons and the mass combat simulation. By the way, the single play skermishes and cooperation PVE are good to join in the game!个人非常喜欢这款游戏，一直以来也对黑火药排枪战和拿破仑时代很感兴趣。而且这款游戏还是骑砍拿破仑的制作组做的，相信品质是有保证的！不过，希望游戏继续优化好点，多开点其他国家的服务器以免造成网络问题影响游戏体验。游戏内容方面在保持拟真的前提下期待在后面能够看到更多的可选国家、兵种还有玩家人数登场。建议可以作下单人游戏和PVE模式。"
,Recommended,589290,35260928,Posted: 28 September,all,Goldster,"Love the game, has great potential and the devs seem to being a good job addressing any issues in game through updates. The game is in a great state considering its in alpha. If you are a fan of M&B NW you will definetly enjoy this game, well worth a purchase!"
,Recommended,589290,35128257,Posted: 22 September,all,Benedylbert Ciemiężca,hehexd
,Recommended,589290,35112617,Posted: 21 September,all,Onevy,"1.1 hours in and i'm already telling myself this will be one of, if not the best game of the year of it's genre. This is unbelievably amazing. I can't comprehend on how much fun i'm having. Solid & smooth gameplay, mixed with perfect animations, great coding and beautiful graphics makes it feel like nothing i have played before.I will keep this review updated the more i play.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1140296621http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1140298689http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1140297786"
76561198088976351,Recommended,589290,35212052,Posted: 25 September,all,♔M♔ Lord Nelson,"This is The best multiplayer game I have played in a long time, everyone needs to own it."
76561198386733966,Recommended,589290,35176708,Posted: 24 September,all,R4gE,Amazing.
,Recommended,589290,35199242,Posted: 25 September,all,Scorp,"Admittedly I refunded this after the game had poor optimisation and didnt display my resolution (1680x1050).I decided EA = early issues so i've re-purchased itSo far the potential is massive: Immersive, teamwork and dynamic gamemodes to suit different play styles"
,Recommended,589290,35205221,Posted: 25 September,all,Flyheight,Good game. Fun.
,Recommended,589290,35194145,Posted: 24 September,all,Amphore,Promising :---)
76561198040825741,Not Recommended,589290,35113540,Posted: 21 September,all,firefly,"melee is terrible, ship combat while enjoyable seems a little too repetative will get a refund and see how it fares in a few monthsgame could also do with more diverse game modes including commander battle and the ability to control bots"
,Recommended,589290,35112627,Posted: 21 September,all,Very Buttery Bread,Slurp.
76561198043184063,Recommended,589290,35165159,Posted: 23 September,all,Rhys_Eng,"Wow. Already great fun, its early alpha so obviously has a few minor issues, but the developers are clearly putting a lot of effort into the game, and want to add loads of cool things too. Would reccomend if you like the look of it!"
,Recommended,589290,35154125,Posted: 23 September,all,|51st|.Pte.The Redcoat,Great game! Im very impressed to be honest and yes it does have its bugs at the momment.I never really liked this type of game before but this one changed my mind!
,Recommended,589290,35217470,Posted: 26 September,all,ΣIX,For King & Country !
76561198023618954,Recommended,589290,35206378,Posted: 25 September,all,1stRW_Rct_ϟϟWeedismyseedϟϟ,really nice game makes very fun and the other guys who made bad reviwes with lags and co have a bad pc i think
76561198410303566,Recommended,589290,35245718,Posted: 27 September,all,KimYoJong,What i liked about this game is that the aiming or range is improved especially the pistol but the things that i didnt like is the melee system they should impove it and! Lastly i want them to add facial feutures such as changing hair colour and adding beards or mustches etc. this is a great game keep it up Anvil!
,Recommended,589290,35118118,Posted: 21 September,all,Mr.Dorn,"This game is still in early development but is still very fun.From the land to sea to costal battles.This game has a lot of potential to be something more big then MaB NW 2.0.The shooting is fine but I think the melee needs to be fixed a bit.But of course the devs are already on that so no worries.I am looking forward to more nations and units and most of all, calvary because cav will for sure make battles more interesting.I hope this game gets more attention because it is awesome."
,Recommended,589290,35118274,Posted: 21 September,all,Scharf,"for the fife is my weapon, and the drums my shield"
,Recommended,589290,35118480,Posted: 21 September,all,Xatalic,"Definitely a good game, well worth the $20. I'm sure it will be improved over the upcoming months. This is early access in Alpha stage guys, come on, stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing about everything. If they delayed it to polish everything you guys would complain, if they release early, you guys complain."
,Recommended,589290,35118782,Posted: 21 September,all,Indy Lion,"This game is Awesome! If you like the Napoleonic  Wars expansion to Mount and Blade: Warband then you will love this. It is basically that, but on a better looking engine. I love the little tweaks in gameplay, like being able to move and reload, or automatically melee attacking if you don't aim your gun. This game is awesome and I can't wait to see how far it goes!"
,Recommended,589290,35127617,Posted: 22 September,all,bosch,You must realize what you are buying into and that is EA and yes this game needs alot of work but if you are coming from NW then this is a really nice refresher.
,Recommended,589290,35114802,Posted: 21 September,all,Infamous Pendle Basement Bash,"Enjoying the game so far, melee combat could use some work but other than that it's great fun!"
,Recommended,589290,35115092,Posted: 21 September,all,BaaanG_BaaanG🔫☠,Amazing game 🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼🤘🏼
76561198132739012,Recommended,589290,35115143,Posted: 21 September,all,Thor Gunderson,"Well here we are. A review For Holdfast: Nations At War. Jumping right into the game, you'll notice a substantial amount of players playing on the servers. A total of 125 max which isn't a huge number given historically battles were much larger than this. Jumping into battle you have choices on who you want to play as. A violinist, captain, fife, drummer, marine, gunner, etc. The controls seem to be ok for the time, but I wish there was a way to run and reload. Having to walk and hope you don't get shot is pretty hard to master. Sometimes...     The graphics look pretty good and run smooth for this title, and the naval battles are where all the fun lies. Don't get me wrong, the ground battles are cool with weather, rain, snow, night and day times. One thing I noticed while playing this game is that the combat is just God Awful. I kept from laughing in the , but I am beginning to wonder if the creators of this game meant for the combat to be like this to add a sort of comedy to the multiplayer world, or it is just awful by mistake.. Every time you try and stab an enemy it is delayed causing you to really have to time your attacks. Plus one stab should kill an enemy, not two. The guns seem to work really well given that they are not accurate, and at that time they were not accurate at all. Gun placements/ cannons are in this game and they work, but I get bored with them quickly. There are no horses yet in the game, but given this is alpha stage, i'm sure they will be implemented later on in the development cycle. Overall, I recommend this game because it is unique in its own way. Something different for a change. No it's not your amazing graphics/ battlefield or call of duty, You don't have ranking or unlocking new outifts or guns for your character. I really wish there was this feature because it would add some sort of replayability to earn yyour rank and to also help your army achieve better victory. To have it where you just jump into the game, kill a bunch of guys, win the game and thats it, kind of is a let down. So hoping they add a ranking system, and unlockables like guns, man o wars, faster reloads, better melee, and faster running with reload, then i'll stick with it. I'm sure they will keep releasing patches and with feedback, we can make his game better. I'm keeping my game and will love to see what becomes of this game in the months to come. I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,589290,35115645,Posted: 21 September,all,Had,"I like it, very playable very fun but if you want game whith more options I sugest you to wait but I also encourage you to help developers i thing 20 euros its not much money for such a fun and the potential of it. I recomend. And game is running well. But you need decent procesor but and foremost solid grafic card if you want to play on high setting i got r9 280 (HD 7950) and playable 40 70 fps, navy can be a little bit clunky and drops to mids 20."
,Recommended,589290,35123471,Posted: 22 September,all,HiddenPhalanx,Played on a server where the dev's were activly seeking input and attempting to fix problems. Good team.
76561198158238814,Recommended,589290,35124271,Posted: 22 September,all,Mohir,"Good so far, and the roadmap definitly got me exited for the upcomming features! Great devs, cheap price. Must have!"
,Recommended,589290,35126793,Posted: 22 September,all,Boar,"Pretty cool game, I find it fun and there are no game breaking bugs or anything, Devs are working with the Community in mind, It is as it's advertised, Just remember it is Alpha, At first it might not feel smooth or good but once you've had like 10 mins of getting used to the game you adapt to it easily and you'll be having quite a bit of fun.The only real problem I have with the game is probably the team-joining feature, Selecting a team when you first join the game can be pretty annoying, I often choose the team I want and then the class, It lets me spawn and the counter ticks down but once the spawn counter hits 0 it just takes me to the choosing menu again because the team has filled up or something. But other than that it's a fun game to play both Naval and Army.One thing that I should point is it is seemingly not made for Historical Acuracy like other games such as War of RIghts, Instead it feels more arcadey with things such as the Artillery loading methods, Arcadey player models (that look awesome btw) etc etc, BUT they do keep some degree of historical acuracy too with Uniforms, weapons etc which is always good.The Devs are great too, They use the forums regularly, Have a Discord set up that they are active on, And they are willing to listen to the Community, Unlike other more mainstream game devs these Devs are very direct with the community which is always great.I definitley Recommend the game in it's current state, Even if it is only early Alpha it is still a great game, And I feel it can only improve from it's current state so I'm excited to see what the Devs bring in the future."
,Recommended,589290,35135087,Posted: 22 September,all,Light,Awesome Game!!!If you like Graphiks if not the shooting and movement is cool but the mele is ♥♥♥♥ing brokn and cancer.
76561198047669488,Recommended,589290,35114010,Posted: 21 September,all,1erFus I Leon I Liam Watson,Great game with loots of potential!However should get fix for lags in servers.And fix for melee combat wich is really bad.
76561198084399079,Recommended,589290,35114195,Posted: 21 September,all,Anthony,Just a brand new verison of mount and blade. Amazing game
76561198144760750,Recommended,589290,35116330,Posted: 21 September,all,Shmeeb17,"Though the melee is crap, there's no cav, no team chat, there is still so much hope for this game. I honestly do not regret buying it sense I am having so much fun just shooting people. In game, it feels so engaging and real like how to weather can change in the middle of battle. The developers seem like they are going to get things done quick and effeciently so I give it a recommendation."
,Recommended,589290,35117330,Posted: 21 September,all,Irishman,Its a great succesor to NW probably the best we could have hoped for.
,Recommended,589290,35117368,Posted: 21 September,all,Flufflepuff,"It is very fun, Graphics are extremely beautiful. Coming from Mount and Blade Warband Napoleonic Wars don't expect everything to be just like how that game is. Melee is more slower just to aim and shoot is different buttons. But Overall i really enjoy this game."
,Recommended,589290,35117997,Posted: 21 September,all,Dinoworld112,So far I'am haveing a grand time I look foward to see what holdfast has  to offer the players in the later updates  but so far really good players work togither some what in lines and its very immersive.Cons the sword bayonet combat is a bit laughable I think alot of players  during combat are put of going sword to sword because they is a chance of loseing due to it being clunky combat but the shooting is great.Hope to see Horses and more optimztions more maps maybe community made.
,Recommended,589290,35118971,Posted: 21 September,all,Gunslanger,"So far i dont have any major complaints, its all around solid. The siege mode where the star forts and ships are distructable is a great feature. Further there is an issue i image will be fixed soon where sword combat becomes a bit laggy or buggy. Minor Desink issues. All in all it looks and plays amazing, if you get a chance check out some streams of the game and watch some true epic combat."
,Recommended,589290,35322629,Posted: 29 September,all,Johnny Tsunami,"absolutely amazing, already loving it more than napoleanic wars....can't wait to see where the devs take this because right now, it has so much potential."
,Recommended,589290,35286286,Posted: 29 September,all,Pizzanomnommer,WARNING!! If you have:A dislike of tacticsA lack of patienceA disliking of black powder smokeA hate for SabatonNo sence of nationalismthen this game is not for you... but if you do like:formation warfarewalking through enemy volliesmic spamzulu chant chargesdieingthen this is the game 4 U!
,Recommended,589290,35270240,Posted: 28 September,all,[2.FJg]Domebluntz-Gefr,best community ever
,Recommended,589290,35235182,Posted: 26 September,all,Michaelsmithern,"Practically a Napoleonic Wars clone, but i'll admit, it feels differentPros:Graphics are greatActual Naval CombatVOIPwalking and reloading(thank you for a game developer actually making this for line infantry)ConsMelee system is a little weird and don't particularly enjoy itat the end of the day it's just NW 2.0connection issues and latency, NA servers make it nicer but i've noticed that sometimes servers will have a minor lag spike here and thereAll in all it can be fun and enjoyable, but if you are expecting a lot of change from Napoleonic Wars, well don't get your hops up the NW community is moving here and bringing it's way of life with minor changes to Holdfast: Nations at War"
,Recommended,589290,35133661,Posted: 22 September,all,Gankdalf,If you enjoyed Mount & Blade: Warband - Napoleonic Wars then you will enjoy this!After they've fixed the latency issues that is. Do NOT buy this until they have fixed it.Graphically it looks like an updated version of the old M&B DLC and they have captured the spirit of the old one very well with line infantry & musicians. The added VOIP in the game makes it a lot more fun.They have fixed the terrible latency issues that were in the game and it's now very playable if you have a good PC. Performance wise it still needs optimization.
,Recommended,589290,35159278,Posted: 23 September,all,Nehconk,"This game is only in early access, and it feels better made than most ""finished"" games. A lot of fun, great communities, it's amazing how it's never annoying to die in this game. Just a lot of fun. If you like games like Mount and Blade but wanted it to be bigger and more exciting, then this is your game. I can't stop playing it and can't wait to see where the developers take this game."
,Recommended,589290,35171134,Posted: 23 September,all,Hans,"This is a good game,a strong sense of substitution, I hope to join the official simplified Chinese,thank you!"
76561198071644639,Recommended,589290,35210857,Posted: 25 September,all,Bin Bunten Ting Wong,Luv it would use again
76561198142618249,Recommended,589290,35350945,Posted: 30 September,all,David T,Its a really good game the melee could be worked on a bit but overall love the game
,Recommended,589290,35359101,Posted: 30 September,all,Liandri,Very fun and easy game to get into. This game has a lot of potential.
,Recommended,589290,35362268,Posted: 30 September,all,"John ""Crackshot"" Booth",Melee is broken - a lot of things are bad but this game is still so much fun.10/10Cant wait to see how well this game turns out
,Recommended,589290,35385454,Posted: 1 October,all,CadetSharman,"A very good game, especially for early alpha.The graphics are excellent.The community is helpful and friendly.It's easy to join a regiment - I had the game for a few hours and have already joined one.Only downside is that Melee is crap, but they're working on that.All in all I give it a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,589290,35150178,Posted: 23 September,all,geordietony,"Considering this game is early access and made by a small team then what we currently have is awesome, I can see great potential for it even at this early stage there is a lot of content.I was going to avoid it as I’ve been burned by so many early games but watched a few videos and knew I just had to try it. I am impressed by what they have achieved. On top of that this game is FUN, its the most fun I’ve had in a FPS in a long time. I laughed several times and the half hour matches flew by on the whole. The best way to enjoy this game is not to take it too seriously and enjoy the experience. Watching your team form up as march into battle with drummers, pipers and generals is just fantastic.This is not a game for COD or Battlefield players, reloading is obviously very slow, death is instant and even hitting the target it a battle but seriously don't overlook this game if you like a good FPS.Graphics are good, sound is pretty spot on but it’s not without its bugs but you would expect that from a EA game.I would love to see a bit more to the game mode though, like king of the hill, defend and attack, hold the line type game modes as 30 minutes of just shooting each other might get old after a while, if they can bring this in, refine the bugs andimprove the server lag then this will be a must have game. Even at this stage it is highly recommended.Below is a quick video I recorded while playinghttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukEjFoTDIxU"
,Recommended,589290,35159328,Posted: 23 September,all,Elit3d,"This game is well polished considering it is in early access. The combat is really fun and feels very realistic in terms of bullet drop. Has a nice variety of maps, including the naval maps which are so fun. I reccomend this game to anyone thinking about picking it up because the developers are heavily community oriented so they take suggestions, and perform regular updates."
,Recommended,589290,35173792,Posted: 24 September,all,itsMe,Awesome game never laughed so much in ages!! Great Fun!!!
76561198000740360,Recommended,589290,35191652,Posted: 24 September,all,Ryse,Fun game
,Recommended,589290,35208519,Posted: 25 September,all,Shirazmatas,"Great, I can finally TK using cannoballs from my large 2 cannon scoona! No longer need these pesky muskets!"
76561197999854792,Recommended,589290,35342778,Posted: 30 September,all,Teyraja,"Amazing game, super fun to march in line into battle, while the drummers play.Hope they add more Nations, at the moment its the French Empire and Great Britain."
76561198284534263,Recommended,589290,35191879,Posted: 24 September,all,GLITCHED,Loads of FUN!!
76561198042953047,Recommended,589290,35353302,Posted: 30 September,all,Thire™,Awesome naval combat
,Recommended,589290,35370278,Posted: 1 October,all,TheLeviticusGamer,This is an amazing job and the VOIP in this game is amazing and hilarious sometimes I've had people playing AC/DC into battle so I highly recommend getting this game
76561198027623815,Recommended,589290,35371523,Posted: 1 October,all,<=Kenbo=>,"Absolutely incredible game and as of yet, still only in alpha. This is the model by which new games, especially Early Access games should be built upon. This game, even less than a month after EA release is already leaps and bounds beyond MANY games that are in full-release and at triple its price."
,Recommended,589290,35371936,Posted: 1 October,all,TheHobbityHawk,"Great game dynamics, with tons of potential. Plus the developers are on top of fixing small bugs while improving the gameplay at the same time. I highly recomend it to anyone into the period of warfair and to anyone that enjoys fps for something new. Cant wait to see what happens with this and hope you all support it,"
76561198036130148,Recommended,589290,35375223,Posted: 1 October,all,Wolfy,"I generally don't write reviews for games, I think I've done one other? I can't remember if it was a postive or a negative, whoops but this game is pretty fun! Community is good for the time being.TLDR; If you have 20$ it is worth the buy if you're into this era and want to support the devs who are active and activly fixing things before adding in more stuff.Pros:Devs are active for the time being and are squashing and fixing things that are coming about in their game, hoorah!Gameplay is fun and simpleNaval combat is an acutal thing, awhile medicore right now when compared to on land, the naval to land siege mode is fun as hell though!Cons:I don't really have any Cons for this game besides a few-More maps for all game modes, please c: The lack of varition of maps is okay-ish but having a few more would be nice!Latency sometimes is a problem as sometimes when in melee; which has been improved and is a lot better than when the game first started, is rather troublesome as being shot when you're to the side of an enemy trying to stab him but he manages to shoot you anyways, annoying but hey could be worst.If I posted cons at the start my list would be longer but they're patching that up, it would've been about the melee, voice spammers and unable to do a thing about them, Team killers."
,Recommended,589290,35380809,Posted: 1 October,all,😋popcorn😋,"Amazing game! 10/10 for sure, but do know the melee system is pretty bad at the moment."
76561198006886270,Recommended,589290,35405419,Posted: 1 October,all,IronAceShowcase,Amazing game. The most fun I've had in a long time. Worth it for an alpha. This game has a bright future.
76561198026091175,Recommended,589290,35122752,Posted: 22 September,all,throopper92,"For an Alpha stage game, its decent to play. Different from mount and blade, but holds simularities in style of game play.Melee atm is sluggish and slightly unresponsive, and shooting can be combersome but is manageable. Bullet drop is quite heavy for the muskets.I'd say buy it, because they will be consistantly fixing bugs, and smoothing game performance per update."
76561198136470933,Recommended,589290,35125647,Posted: 22 September,all,Thygreen,Great game. But the melee needs work and a vote/kick feature should be added ASAP to stop the rampant tk trolls.
,Recommended,589290,35148839,Posted: 23 September,all,-Kladdis-,"This game is great! There are some things that need to be fixed ( melee ) but its alot of fun. I really love when captains actually try to get the soldiers into formation, its looks epic when they march towards the enemy.you can fight booth on land and at sea. I really enjoy this game and if you like Mount & Blade: Napoleonic Wars then you would probably like this game.Things I want in the future: Better melee, more factions ( with new maps) and new maps for the factions that are already in the game. It would also be cool to have some sort of costumization."
76561198028099846,Recommended,589290,35151373,Posted: 23 September,all,N98,Quite a good game recommended for Napoleon total war fansMount and blade napoleonic fansand people who hate dumb arcade shooters like COD
76561198071451703,Recommended,589290,35369740,Posted: 1 October,all,FairWind,Pos-Dev Active-Fun aim system and game play-None drop fps-It has a lot of rolls in game and could be better in futrue-You can press N to insult enemy sideNeg-Terrible Melee
76561198174362270,Recommended,589290,35378055,Posted: 1 October,all,El Diablo,Baller fam
,Recommended,589290,35326029,Posted: 30 September,all,Siegbert,Very fun successor to the M&B Mod Napoleonic Wars. They truly expanded on everything that was great about it before and it's still in early access.
,Recommended,589290,35334597,Posted: 30 September,all,Swiss guard,Vive la france
,Recommended,589290,35379286,Posted: 1 October,all,AGGRO,God save the King!
,Recommended,589290,35393155,Posted: 1 October,all,21st RCT. Llewlyn,"This game only released a few days ago. It already has a decent sized playerbase and organized clans referred to as regiments.Lets start with the basics. You load into the game, pick France or Britain. From then you choose your class. There are so many roles, from Officer to Drummer, to flag boy to rifleman to Line.When you first start your match you'll see some unusual things. Half of the people on your team are wandering in unorganized masses, taking cheap shots against the same group of enemies.The other half is people standing in flawless lines, with one or two officers, a flag and some musicians. They begin assembling into units. Some of them break formation to march, others are so disciplined that they simply walk to the front, maintaining perfect formation. You can hear the commands of their officers from even a distance, with the piping tunes of patriotic music and the beating of drums.It strikes you that none of these are bots. They are all people. Eventually you fill in your place in what is called a regiment.In the regiment, you are taught the basics of formation and what their orders mean. You become a part of the collective force of your regiment.Eventually as you gain experience, your regiment joins a skirmish, an organized event made by regiments. Everyone is in perfect line, and you imitate Napoleonic era battles in the most accurate way yet imaginable.Does this sound like a good game? Of course it does. This is one of the most amazing games on Steam, and is worth every last dollar."
,Recommended,589290,35424540,Posted: 2 October,all,Banquet Beer,Great game.
76561198056667206,Recommended,589290,35430297,Posted: 2 October,all,21st Rct. Nabex78,"A bit unstable, but given time this will be a worthy successor to NW."
76561197961681815,Recommended,589290,35347579,Posted: 30 September,all,VonFIDDE,"Fun for 10 hours or so, the game needs lots of work."
,Recommended,589290,35282015,Posted: 28 September,all,☣Prototype☣,Oh Look! A game that doesnt ban you for suspectedly stream sniping someone!
76561198161393705,Recommended,589290,35414491,Posted: 2 October,all,Jaydon22,♥♥♥♥ing lovely game
,Recommended,589290,35441439,Posted: 3 October,all,Toady,"This game was honestly not in my top picks for purchase this month but after playing only 3 hours of the game so far, i can honestly say that i was greatly mistaken in underestimating this game.As soon as you enter the game it is pretty clear how to move, shoot and change weapons. As far as i can tell that is pretty much it, in way of basic mechanics goes.If you choose not to take a combat role then that is entirely upto you as you can be a flag bearer, drummer or even a flute player. These classes are mostly for show and morale bonuses but they also act as a comic relief.As commander of the ""1st Company Infantry Unit"" it was my sworn duty to lead my men to victory. Which i did a number of times, even mustering them into proper formations and issuing orders all the way.Given the opporunity, this can be a very fun and engaging game. I really do recommend this game becuase of, not only what it is; but what it will become as well."
76561198069212133,Recommended,589290,35434827,Posted: 2 October,all,The Wolf,"-Took a brit prisioner on our 2 gun ship-I (a marine) am told to guard him-Sees captin set course for two other brit ships-I look to the prisioner and said ""Take a boat and go no sense in all of us dieing here""-I set him in a rowboat away from the ship we stare at eachother as he floats away-I turn and fought to the death8/10 Great Game"
,Recommended,589290,35282073,Posted: 28 September,all,The Black Bitch,MB: Napoleonic Wars upgraded edition
76561198218653109,Recommended,589290,35244907,Posted: 27 September,all,Commander Cock-whacker,This game lets me be racist to french people and get away with it because im a commanding officer.French scum.
76561198014961607,Recommended,589290,35192230,Posted: 24 September,all,DirishDevil,Enjoyed it very much..
,Recommended,589290,35473628,Posted: 4 October,all,Truepotato,This game has 2 sides:1.Roleplaying one2.Meme one
76561198164514286,Recommended,589290,35113832,Posted: 21 September,all,Putin,"Even though it's quite clunky and got a crappy melee system at the moment, it' still worth playing.It was time to move on from NW, but it's still sad to see a DLC i spent so much time on die. I'm glad that NW's feel and playerbase lives on in this game."
76561197960271248,Recommended,589290,35241652,Posted: 27 September,all,JozoNalozil,every killshot is so satisfying
,Recommended,589290,35145125,Posted: 22 September,all,Wooper,Even though ive played a small bit of this game I still want to write this review.This game is set in the Napoleonic Era.I expected a game like M&B Warband Napoleonic DLCBut something ive never seen came.Holdfast is a fantastic Game!Good GraphicsFun GameplayThis game is amazing!The developers are very nice to talk to and give you help on anything. You can give advice to them improving the gameWithout doubt 10/10 Perfect gameonly downflaw is the lag it gets so maybe 9.9/10 ;)
76561198046273286,Recommended,589290,35319887,Posted: 29 September,all,[104th]Pte W. Murray,I Already love this game and i think it has more potential than NW but the game is unfinished and lack the content it should have to be the successor of Nw and finally the next great napoleonic era game.1: it lack content only 2 faction no reg like in Nw2:The melee is bad not even close of Nw3:No dedicated art unit even if it fun in casual to be able to use canon in event it make the canon useless.4:Lack of art carriying extremely important in event5:The map lack a random map generator the maps are great but not for event6:Lack of real siege battle like alama and other in NW7:Lack of cavalry8:Lack of abording system in Naval battle something that would make it more epic that it actually is .9:too limited number of player by server and officer for event to be as fun as they once were in NW10:NO BAGPIPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!But don't missunderstand me HOldfast is great you actually really feel in a war game way way way more than in NW the shooting system need working a bit I think especially for long range shooting BUT it already way better than in Nw the walking realoading it EPIC the different new class are amazing and the naval battle god the naval battle are so MUCH FUN the art is good and the map than can be play are actually really good but it easy to play them all within 2 hours and less.Holdfast will be greater than Nw but now it not you need to improve the game quickly before it get a bad name in the Nw communoty if you want the Nw and this sort of game fanbase and don't want your game to die.
76561198209417516,Recommended,589290,35146545,Posted: 23 September,all,Nade spam,"This game is really fun so far line battles and regular battles and modes are very fun.I would recomend to add variant flags not just one flag.Other factions and varation of different regiments/units,besides that I really enjoy this game and recomend it to anyone.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,589290,35249981,Posted: 27 September,all,Hendrick Lamar,the ability to♥♥♥♥♥♥talk the other team is all i need.
76561198046379297,Recommended,589290,35493071,Posted: 5 October,all,|51st|.Pte.Tavish,This game has many of the features I loved about M&B Napoleonic Wars with improved graphics. And has lots of potential and is even more fun if you join a regiment and do competitve linebattles
76561198079993377,Recommended,589290,35480243,Posted: 4 October,all,49e_ConS_WillemofOrange,"As their are not many games like this, this makes up for it all with it gameplay, its animations, graphics is nice gives it a good feel, the muskets are realistic and it really takes some thought to land a perfect shot, the melee system needs a little work which I am sure they will fix, the naval combat is fantastic, its coastal sieges really make things more interesting in my opinion than a regular match itself, for an army siege I would much rather prefer them to make more siege like maps for forts as you only tend to see 1 map in the siege land servers which is in a desert which isn't really a fort its just a wall with cannons with a one gate way entrance, It seems to be the only forts you experience as of right now are in coastal sieges, overall it still is a fantastic game by itself, it is of course not finished and more factions and other things such as cavalery are likely to come, I am in love with this game as it has so much potential."
,Recommended,589290,35115381,Posted: 21 September,all,Heavy Bob,"Holdfast is a game that looks promising. Its re-imagining of Mount and Blade: Warband - Napoleonic Wars makes this game a really special.Apart from the multiplayer browser which is extremely clunky, unpolished melee controls and admin tools for servers, this game has promise and will be the future for the Napoleonic Mount and Blade community for the forseeable future.If the player cap could be raised to 200, I'd be satisfied."
76561197964811193,Recommended,589290,35230963,Posted: 26 September,all,There Will Be Blood,"I am very impressed with the current state of this game, while the melee system needs some polishing (which they indicated is a high priority in their Developer Roadmap) but the cannons and rifles are satisfying to use. I have a rather high end PC and on higher settings the game looks great but at times dips into 40-50 frames. There are no major game-breaking bugs or issues that I have so far encountered and I haven't had so much as a random crash or disconnect so the experience is fairly stable for an early access title.The atmosphere with flag bearers, officers, and musicians is also fantastic and if you can get some friends together to play with you will have an even greater time.If they continue to add the content they have planned (cavalry, other factions, new maps) then we are looking at a outstanding come come release."
,Recommended,589290,35160830,Posted: 23 September,all,Winduuum,"joins server... round begins... we line up the wall to defend the town, someone start to play violin... the british are coming someone said, looks towards the hill... a marching band in attacking us while performing live music.... one enemy soldier came inbetween my squad, they all panicked started shooting after him... they missed him but killed friendlies behind him, i am all that reminds of my squad an enemy soldier stares at my face, i beg that he spare me... he did... i turn around and i see a friendly cannonball fly towards my face... i died10/10 would get betrayed again"
,Recommended,589290,35160963,Posted: 23 September,all,Klofzy,If you're a fan of the Napoleonic Wars DLC for Mount & Blade: Warband then you'll love this. Definitely notable signs of early access but I have full faith in the guys to constantly update this game.
76561198179926475,Recommended,589290,35140725,Posted: 22 September,all,Mukly,"Wow.So much effort put in this game.No crashes, fantastic players.10/10"
76561198107647426,Recommended,589290,35161359,Posted: 23 September,all,MilStratSur,"First Impressions mean a lot these days in the gaming world and the chaos of war all around as I and two other soldiers played our instruments was nothing less than awesome. Yes it's Early Access so there are things that need to be worked on; but, I had so much fun in the first 2hrs of this game that I can say it's definitely worth the asking price. I can not wait to get my fife back out on the battlefield while people are dying all around, such a symphony of destruction."
76561198024880460,Recommended,589290,35196811,Posted: 24 September,all,Rabbit Reaper,OMG finally the game of my dreams!!!!
,Recommended,589290,35192366,Posted: 24 September,all,REGIMENT OF FOOT,Make readyPresentFire!
76561198018611065,Recommended,589290,35190958,Posted: 24 September,all,RoS | MP45,Fantastic game
76561198305932937,Recommended,589290,35222073,Posted: 26 September,all,jeker_7loo,nice games
,Recommended,589290,35222168,Posted: 26 September,all,Pavlovskiy | Stalin,ŁȺᵾNȻĦ ŦĦɆ ɃØȺŦS
76561198070979111,Recommended,589290,35120741,Posted: 21 September,all,Caz,really good game however you wouldnt be able to enjoy it as much if you have a potatoe pc. Melee will be fixed in time and the random high ping spikes as well and so will optimization too.
76561198081185466,Recommended,589290,35121292,Posted: 21 September,all,NovaGamer,If you have played the Napoleonic Wars DLC for Mount and Blade: Warband then this game will not disappoint you. The gameplay is fun and fantastic though as many reviewers and myself note that the melee needs a slight tough up it's still a fantastic game which I highly recommend you purchase at your convenience and for $20 it's also well worth the price!
,Recommended,589290,35195129,Posted: 24 September,all,--friendlytaco--,"Is it raw? Well, yes, it's an early access game. But it also is quite a bit of fun to play and has so much potential that I think it's easily worth the $20."
,Recommended,589290,35247151,Posted: 27 September,all,Cayden Black,"By far one of the best battle team games I've played in a long time.If you want good team work and mic communication, this game is excellant. On writing this it is still in early access, but from what is currently available and for the price (at this time £15.00) I'd say a very good buy indeed.Melee is currently a bit buggy but they have said they will sort this after addressing more server issues. No the guns are not bugged, this tried to be authentic meaning muskets can't aim for dam (and makes for some hilarious moments).I love being a musician, RULE BRITANNIA!Nothing says awesume like a flag bearer leading a random charge, then finding the whole team followed him and took the objective.All in all, this is a game where team work and patience are rewarded. And I'm loving it."
,Recommended,589290,35113453,Posted: 21 September,all,Feneq,Are we playing the same game? This is a lot of fun.
76561198064680008,Recommended,589290,35113624,Posted: 21 September,all,OmittedFlunky,"Plays very similar to Napoleonic Wars (If currently very rough around the edges) The Melee combat as it is now sucks but I strongly suspect that is mostly due a shaky launch for their servers and expect it to get much better when it stabilizes.This is going to be immensely fun when they iron out the rough patches and create more content farther down the line.Dont buy it if you aren't prepared for bugs and lag, Its early Access and they have a small team. If you are like me and want to see what it could grow into then by all means get it."
76561198010082775,Recommended,589290,35120663,Posted: 21 September,all,huskey,Alot of fun and if you come from mount and blade you will like it I think. Game still needs work have to say it even though people know its early access.
76561198009132637,Recommended,589290,35194164,Posted: 24 September,all,Nexushound,Clearly Early Access but a lot of fun. Looking forward to improvements.
,Recommended,589290,35218142,Posted: 26 September,all,Insomnia╰†╮,"""Aiming an enemy.Pulled the triggerTeam Mate blocked sightTeam Mate Down"".""RespawnRunning for so longKilled by a team mateBack to spawn area""Really Nice Game!Well Done Anvil Game Studios!!Loving it!"
76561198029155314,Recommended,589290,35219955,Posted: 26 September,all,VillageIdiot,"Incredible game and worth the look at if you played Mount & Blade: Napoleonic Wars AND if you are a fan of the history of this era.Obviously there are things to be worked on such as melee, it's the biggest issue in the game for me.The community is the best part about this game in my opinion. If you join a regiment or not, players are still keen on some roleplay by lining up with their officer and reenacting the line infantry combat."
76561198026082227,Recommended,589290,35354601,Posted: 30 September,all,NewBetterMessiah,"I can tell already this will be that kind of game, that will be forged into a master peace. I recomend this game to people that love to play in a group. If you are a born officer, or a simple soldier, or if you just want to have fun and kill some brits this is the game for you. Dont hasitate, just buy it."
,Recommended,589290,35199862,Posted: 25 September,all,PFC MacDonald [29ID],"The game has alot of potential, the developers are devoted. In its current state, the game has some issues, namely the terrible melee, but the devs are actively trying to resolve the issues. I would recommend buying the game to support the developers and I'm looking forwards to all the promised content."
76561198184641006,Recommended,589290,35144400,Posted: 22 September,all,AirBox27,We need Asian server!
76561198121032606,Recommended,589290,35203810,Posted: 25 September,all,Hummungus,Literally amazing
76561197975219767,Not Recommended,589290,35113861,Posted: 21 September,all,Mocker67,"Stick with NW, this game isn't worth the twenty you might drop on it in it's current state. Spend only if you've got some serious faith in these Devs to clean this game up before lauch, but be warned, even that's going to take a good deal of time judging by the progress we've been shown, likely years.As for specifics...Hrm...The melee system and animations are clunky beyond belief and there's an overabundance of arcadey style game types, gone it seems are the days of the one-life line battles, it's all about the respawn here. Also, I seem to have a pretty hard time connecting to a good deal of the servers, they don't appear full and when I try and connect I'm kicked back to the main menu with absolutely zero explanation as to why. Brings nothing new to the M&B formula besides graphics and boats.-Edit-Oh, I nearly forgot to mention the crippling lag on any server you're actually able to join, that's not excatly helping the dumpster fire of a melee system.Despite my negative review I was still on the fence about returning this game, having seen a glimmer of potential through the murk. Hopping on the next day to see one of the Fifer's songs entitled ""Hearth of Oak"" really made the decision that much easier. Invest in some rudimentary editing next time guys, best of luck with the game, I'll be back in a year or so to see how it's all going."
,Recommended,589290,35116852,Posted: 21 September,all,El Kreativity,"Very good game and 95% of things I love so far, the only thing I do t like is the melee but that can be improved on.No FeintingBad hit boxesAttacking is messed up with a very slow start and a quick endBlocking has a delay not that you can block most attacks anywaysBut all the graphics, animations, sounds and everything else is just amazing I would recommend the game even though the melee is almost unplayable able but again, that can and most likely will be improved on"
,Recommended,589290,35113547,Posted: 21 September,all,ThisIsThe PainKiller,Good fun.Mount&Blade:Napoleonic enhanced
,Recommended,589290,35175814,Posted: 24 September,all,[33rd]elparcero100ol,"AS THE PERSON IN THE 33RD THAT HAS THE MOST HOURS ON THIS GAME AND IS THE 33RD SUPREME FLAG CONTROLER,I HEARBY ANNOUNCE THAT FROM THIS DAY FORWARD, SER HOLDFAST IS RECCOMENDED BY ME. 10/10 would start a munity again"
76561198040099973,Recommended,589290,35230749,Posted: 26 September,all,Rusted Robot,That's Mutiny Sir!
,Not Recommended,589290,35199227,Posted: 25 September,all,iGotMoXy™,"Still needs a ton of work. ALL of the weapons are incredibly exaggerated in terms of spread and accuracy. I refuse to believe anyone died from being shot before WW1 with how crazy innacurate these weapons are. Sometimes you'll think you're playing a hitscan shooter. Point at a target, find the drop, and the guy goes down. Other times... you're wondering how gravity, wind, and other physics affect a metal ball at 5 feet.Speaking of close range BS. Melee combat is absolutely in terrible shape. I had a sword pretty much slashing through an enemies stomach for nothing, but his bayonette is not even in the same hemesphere as my character and i'm looking at a respawn screen. I get it, it's alpha, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥thats frustrating to try and play through.If they improve on server stability, make it so that the shots feel more consistent, make the characters move more like people instead of ken dolls with less articulation points than the entire autism spectrum explaining it's feelings, then maybe the game would be worth the 20 dollar price tag. as of right now... just buy Mount & Blade and mod it."
76561198040110655,Not Recommended,589290,35111934,Posted: 21 September,all,Falk / twitch.tv/FalkThemUp,TRASH
,Not Recommended,589290,35111550,Posted: 21 September,all,Bourbon,"$20 for a much worse version of M&B.Melee is objectively terrible, reloading will sometimes not work no matter how many times you press it.It's just a disaster.Yeah, it *might* get better later in development, but in it's current state it's just a terrible version of a M&B expansion. I cannot recommend it as it is right now and feel like a decent human being doing so.Thank God for refunds."
,Recommended,589290,35113355,Posted: 21 September,all,[2nd] CurlyConnor,"I know a few people who really do not like Holdfast, but me personally, I love it and I think that the framework is there in place ready for the future of this community.Had great fun playing and I look forward to future development!!!!!I think NW's days are numbered and Holdfast is where we need to go!"
,Recommended,589290,35154529,Posted: 23 September,all,ThrashNTrash,"Not without it's flaws, and an obvious Mount and Blade ripoff. But this game really is great. A lot of fun. I would recommend it no doubt, the team did a great job .D"
,Recommended,589290,35181664,Posted: 24 September,all,CharmleyWarner,"Pretty good game, but the melee is useless."
76561198006654514,Recommended,589290,35200151,Posted: 25 September,all,adam4765,"Pretty cool game so far, I have high hopes for it :) really looking forward to the next updates"
76561198049617277,Recommended,589290,35154536,Posted: 23 September,all,Danne Mannen,10/10 would shoot a harmless drum musician again
76561198139551893,Recommended,589290,35114723,Posted: 21 September,all,Bobby Lee,"alas im sad to see this great game kill off NW mount and blade but it is a good alt to it, lots of improvements, and overall its a great new game to play for people who are sick of the old"
76561197976848327,Recommended,589290,35116426,Posted: 21 September,all,Derek Branning,They have 'Spanish Ladies' as a playable song. Instant success.
,Recommended,589290,35133146,Posted: 22 September,all,Anal Issues,"IT'S A MASTERPIECE!It is in the earlyish stages of early access and already shows promise, the melee system could use some touch ups, along with a uniform or two. I enjoy this game very much so far."
,Recommended,589290,35318158,Posted: 29 September,all,Lil Retard,Like minecraft with guns
,Recommended,589290,35163154,Posted: 23 September,all,[RO.RU]Brembo,"Its very early alpha with all its bugs and gameplay flaws, but game has very huge potential."
76561198066953347,Recommended,589290,35149836,Posted: 23 September,all,[Pgp]The One Man Clan,The best thing since bacon
76561198387719691,Recommended,589290,35161008,Posted: 23 September,all,halfbaked45,It has alot of potential i can run it on a 940 mx set to medium settings 30~41 the lowest it can drop is 25 fps still playable tho.
76561198338174157,Recommended,589290,35181892,Posted: 24 September,all,Ckendell10,Not the best would reccomend but only if you have a good computer. Servers are laggy and game doesnt seem that good loading times are long.
76561198083765798,Recommended,589290,35174825,Posted: 24 September,all,4th | Private Murphy,INCREDIBLY NOICE. TEAM KILL IS BIT WANK AS WELL AS COMBAT BUT IT IS STILL ASWOME!!!
,Recommended,589290,35181675,Posted: 24 September,all,Johnson2102013,A really good third and first person shooter thats also Napoleonic warfare sign me up!
,Recommended,589290,35405294,Posted: 1 October,all,✪Bear,This game was worth every penny.
,Recommended,589290,35112555,Posted: 21 September,all,66th | Golden,"An excellent game for it's price, but if you came looking for a melee system similar to NW stay clear. The game in it's (current) state has a god awful melee system which is broken on every level. Hopefully that will be fixed it is Alpha after all. Other than that, shooting, graphics everything is god damn amazing and is worth a try at least."
,Recommended,589290,35113501,Posted: 21 September,all,Sp3ctA,"I've enjoyed my time with this game.The combat are awesome and fun, and the naval battles are Epic!"
76561198200348569,Recommended,589290,35113438,Posted: 21 September,all,Renegade (Chris),Really good. Basically an upgraded version of M&B NW but feels more arcadey.
,Not Recommended,589290,35126758,Posted: 22 September,all,Enoch Powell,"Holdfast: Nations at warThis game on an objective stand point has fallen so far short of the core principles for a Napoleonic game.  The developers have made this game in such a manor it feels like an early test alpha for M&B NW, Melee a horrible, clunky and at times incomprehensible mess has made this game fall short. The first time I tried to start a melee fight with someone I nearly killed my teammate, he was off to the right, and I was aiming for the enemy’s head, almost itself a representation of what anvil has done to this game. Aiming for a target and missing horribly.Don’t get me wrong the graphics are quite stunning and for a three man team its phenomenal work, but I would much rather receive the game in later 2017 than now in its current state,  The developers should of followed one simple rule what made the first game so good and how can we develop on that. I wished this game to be good heck, even prayed I understood there would be some rough areas maybe in fps, servers, hit boxes and animation but it shouldn’t be on a core part of the game, melee and that’s what my pet peeve lies, something so quintessential shouldn’t be left out, it’s like Bethesda making fallout 5 releasing it and having no open world or hl3 with a voice actor for Gordon freeman, it doesn’t make sense and it wouldn’t happen. So why I ask did this happen? Where priorities elsewhere like graphics? Or drummers? Or flag bearers? Sure needed but not as needed. So I ask you anvil? Can you drag yourself out of the hole you’ve buried yourself in? I sure hope so. Otherwise this was a missed opportunityOverall summary:Pros:Nice graphicsGood/good at best gun playMaps/environmentHistoryCons:To early of a releaseMeleeAnimationsFps (in my case)Most likely will have a dwindling player base"
,Not Recommended,589290,35136275,Posted: 22 September,all,[71st] Glenn [9e],lol @ getty promoting his own game
,Not Recommended,589290,35111596,Posted: 21 September,all,✯ Sqazzel ✯,This is just a arcade version of mount and blade:NW.Pros:-Better GraphicsCons:-Everything Elselets not forget a large proportion of the postive reviews are from players that recived a free key from the devs before the game went on sale: currently 22 of the postive reviews
,Recommended,589290,35113765,Posted: 21 September,all,Ghost9447,Exams ? Pffff.... who cares :D10/10
,Recommended,589290,35212981,Posted: 25 September,all,Ceramicwhite,10/10
76561198053608427,Recommended,589290,35261885,Posted: 28 September,all,Insanewaffle,"Holdfast: Nations At War is an early access game with a lot of potential. The game feels like a graphically superior, albeit functionally inferior (for now) version of Mount & Blade: Napoleonic Wars.Pros- Great naval battles- Pretty good graphics (In comparison to Napoleonic Wars at least)- Fairly good gunplay- Excellent communityCons- The melee system at this stage of the game is quite frankly, horrible. It needs serious work and I'm hopeful that being an early access game the issue will be fixed. For now, hitboxes are completely broken and melee is almost always determined by luck or internet connection.- Sound design could use some work- Some slight server lag issuesOverall I would recommend the game but just keep in mind that it isn't flawless and still has a lot of work to be done to make it into the game that many of us want it to be. If you can deal with a few issues then go ahead and buy it to support the devs in building upon what is a promising foundation of a game."
76561198173565891,Recommended,589290,35248890,Posted: 27 September,all,KeyserSoze,devs actually listen and game will continue to get better
,Not Recommended,589290,35183396,Posted: 24 September,all,Daniel,"The game is an attempt to remake Mount & Blade Warband:Napoleonic Wars but it fails at most of the things that made the game good.-The game is very unoptimised and lags even when you lower the graphics making the game look like its straight out of 2002.-The melee, which was what made M&B good, is complete garbage in this game. The fundamentals of the melee are just terrible which leads me to believe that the melee will never be significantly better that it is currently.-The game play overall is very clunky.-The game is infested by NW's cancerous community.I would be highly suprised if this game is not dead within a month. Its going be a 'Of Kings and Men' type jobby this one."
,Not Recommended,589290,35112049,Posted: 21 September,all,Kingi,Napoleonic Wars is still way better. Maybe in some months/year this game will be good
,Recommended,589290,35202434,Posted: 25 September,all,Emperor Cole,"""What the ♥♥♥♥ did you just ♥♥♥♥ing say about me, you little ♥♥♥♥♥? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills.""Basically this ^ but in the 19th Century."
76561197993064847,Not Recommended,589290,35113376,Posted: 21 September,all,KoekFabriek,"It looks nice but the content for an EA game is lacking.Horrible Ping spikes (never had that with other games)Melee is just plain badThe game mods are kinda boring, a lot of waiting in the gameTeamplay is not really encouraged.It needs more content and more polishI really want to like this game, but i think it is fair to say that they need a few more months of dev to flesh this game out.For people who are wanting to buy just give these guys half a year and check the reviews then."
,Not Recommended,589290,35113371,Posted: 21 September,all,Dakovitch,"The optimization is really bad. The game looks like it could be really fun and has so much potential, but the game in its current state does not have a whole lot of playability because the system gets way to stressed."
76561197991558233,Recommended,589290,35219875,Posted: 26 September,all,Bashar al-Assad al-Salty,"Very enjoyable game that is based on team work and formations. At first I was playing rambo and so on and I got bored, but, some veterans started to say ""formations!"" ""two lines..!"" ""three lines.."" and then we had drummers, flag bearers and so. I was seeing groups of 30 players or more marching on formation, firing in double lines and charging. This in a normal server.I wish the playerbase grows more and the capacity also !"
,Recommended,589290,35115397,Posted: 21 September,all,SlavicVapeLord,"Though it needs a tad bit of work (Just like literally every early access game ever) it is a fantastic game for what it is. 14 maps is more than most AAA games. Shooting is hard to master (As it should be for a Napoleonic Era game). Melee is a bit annoying at the moment (9/21/2017 First day of release) but im sure the devs will fix it soon. The servers are a bit laggy as well, but you cannot really control that on the first day the game has been out, another thing they will fix soon enough. They care about their game alot and you can tell. In my opinion its a really good game to have in your library."
,Recommended,589290,35113342,Posted: 21 September,all,Douglass,Great gameA good mid to high end computer is required tho
,Recommended,589290,35118964,Posted: 21 September,all,Bozzl,"*will update in time*so far so good. you can eat baguettes or have bad teeth. some connection issues right now, but its day one. cannot complain so far. NEEDS MOAR ROLEPLAY SERVERS DOE."
76561197967033819,Recommended,589290,35182996,Posted: 24 September,all,StyrmanKarlsson,"Great game! 5/5.Remember this is early access, so game will just get better and better for each update.When this game got Cavalry ingame, fixed melee and 200 players on one server, then this game is going to be EPIC and the game of the year!Even more ships to come, wow!  :)A server with good team work make this game just EPIC and worth the money!!"
,Recommended,589290,35267847,Posted: 28 September,all,Феофан,"This game has potential to became most succsesfull Warband Napoleonic Wars successor. There is bugs, lags and lack of content - but hey, this is alfa yet."
,Recommended,589290,35416384,Posted: 2 October,all,Gilgen,"Playing Drumms and charging EnemyHear enemy speaking: ""dont kil the musican"" One of them shot me and miss.I scream ""never ♥♥♥♥ up with musicans"" and killed them.Game still has some bugs and the sword feels a bit wierd but yeah its early access. Lets hope it will no end in a cash grab"
76561198090491698,Recommended,589290,35422634,Posted: 2 October,all,ironsight,lol + lol =laughing out loudi hope this game will grow more
76561198095350391,Recommended,589290,35260366,Posted: 28 September,all,[2eGRD]Rct_AstrooPotatoo,">Goes into naval battle>Lose ship>Take refuge on island>Eat fattest player>Get rescued>Lose ship again>Get rescued>Followed French ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s>Kill 12 year old swimming away>Surround french on island yelling ""We've killed your squeeker, give up!"">Win"
76561198040164920,Recommended,589290,35262930,Posted: 28 September,all,British Bulldog,"what can i say.... I love this game,its graphics are great and the gameplay is solid,it makes a nice change to hold on to that one shot,the gun loads slow but thats what i love about it,its a thinking mans game,not a go in and blast game,formation matters to win the game and you need a good team to follow orders,its all about strategy and careful planning,its reminds me of battlefield but with more planning. I think this game will be a winner on full realease,its great now,cant wait to see what they add to it."
76561198042449751,Recommended,589290,35111537,Posted: 21 September,all,RIP #Teamsearch,"First review but for this game i really needed to do one. If you liked Mount&Blade NW this game was made for you. Even in Alpha its a lot of fun playing. Melee is a little weird but thats like the only downside so far. Just a great atmosphere overall with the shots, music and patriotic cheers everywhere. Maps are awesome. Didnt get to play naval battles so far but im super excited for that. Overall probably the best Early Access game ive bought so far. Definitely worth the 19.99 to support the Devs."
76561198103466662,Recommended,589290,35111433,Posted: 21 September,all,Ior,great game but it got its bugs. little more work on the battle and it will be great
76561198184246189,Recommended,589290,35111503,Posted: 21 September,all,Ramons,it's actually good for early access but accuracy for rifles is horrible and melee is just awfulfix that
76561198134717577,Recommended,589290,35111617,Posted: 21 September,all,CentaurW4,"Game concept is great. Graphic is great.But things like unorganized team and intentional team kill are quite normal even often, which is not something I can enjoy. Refunded, still a good game."
,Not Recommended,589290,35139805,Posted: 22 September,all,Tyson,"The game is fun but super laggy and unoptimized... I get 20 fps on ultra and 20fps on low with a 1070 and an amd fx 6300. Either CPU heavy game or I'm getting bottle necked but ♥♥♥♥, LAG."
,Recommended,589290,35113895,Posted: 21 September,all,44th | Wolfster,Give it 1 month and you will be creaming with love.So far a really good game with an♥♥♥♥♥load of potential
,Not Recommended,589290,35125376,Posted: 22 September,all,[5th] Dan,At it's current state the game needs a lot more work. Both optimization for low-end/medium PC's and also the melee system is very inconsistent and requires a huge overhaul. It's definetely not worth the price tag.
,Recommended,589290,35111626,Posted: 21 September,all,McHaddish,"amazing game.  Was hoping for first review but will settle for 29th.  Props to oasis-hosting for their amazing servers!A couple complaints for my first hour of gameplay:melee is not amazing, not terrible though.The range for muskets seems a little short.Animations for walking while reloading can be messy."
76561198166245284,Recommended,589290,35111678,Posted: 21 September,all,Dration,Very good
76561198013441432,Recommended,589290,35111760,Posted: 21 September,all,Basileus,"Very immersive, its a different way from Mound and blade Napoleonic Wars. Both game are not comparable.For the period it seems the 1810-1812 during the Peninsular War but I could be wrong.Graphics are better than Napoloenic Wars.At the level hand-to-hand, has to improve.Level shooting I find that it is still different from Napoloenic Wars.More choices at level of shouts (insults, ect).Atmosphere very immersive (lighting effects, fights (in particular at the level diurnal / night-cycle), various seasons, gunfire, real naval battles, ect).There are more classes at levels choice of troops than Napoleonic Wars.At this stage the trumpeter for the light infantry is missing and the cavalry will soon arrive.If you have a configuration below recommended, I advise you to lower the graphics or the resolution. It is playable to 27-30 FPS.For the performance (optimization) of game, the GPU load is 100% (but check with fps limit and Vsync), so the game uses all of GPU card.In high graphic detail, the desert map asks less ressources but for a european forest map with all shadows of trees, it's another story. My fps drop to 15.I've a GTX 960M (maybye that explains the 100 % of GPU load too). If you have a GTX 760, it's just okay.I don't find the explanation of each graphic option, in term of intensive gpu scale  (but we can see the modification on the screen when they turn off for example).For CPU ressource, my I7 4770hq's utilization reaches roughly at 37 % during the game, so for an I5, it would be the double.For ram utilization it reaches at 6.7-7.2 GB.I also look forward to the other factions (At this stage, it is just United Kingdom and France).In brief a big potential if the game grows up with other classes (like cavarly) in particular.So a good game at this stage."
,Not Recommended,589290,35407946,Posted: 2 October,all,Swirleh,"Although the naval game modes are a nice touch, it doesn’t make up for the TRASH melee. With all due respect, NW is much better."
,Not Recommended,589290,35199448,Posted: 25 September,all,TiddlesTheCat,Buy if you enjoy a good lagfest filled with the worst hitboxes of all time.  Almost unplayable in it's current state.  Definitely not worth the money.  Devs should have waited till they actually developed a stable game before thinking of a release
76561197969653755,Not Recommended,589290,35457590,Posted: 3 October,all,Lord Foppington,"it seems the only reason people buy this is the suggestion that it is the reincarnation of M&B Napoleonic Wars expansion, which was a very fun game (in it's own odd way).This game however is missing the core elements that made M&B Napoleonic great, and it just seems half baked overall.  I highly doubt this will develop into much of anything, and also doubt the community will last.  Combat just doesn't seem very fun.I could go on but I'm merely stating my opinion, i have no faith this will develop into much and wouldn't recommend buying it at this point  regardless.A swing and a miss overall I'd say."
,Not Recommended,589290,35115333,Posted: 21 September,all,็,"My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined.I was hoping I would be able to at least run it with the lowest settings, but I could run Warband better on the highest settings. The controls are strange, although editible, the game clunks around and was not fun in the slightest to play.I am probably going to refund it."
,Recommended,589290,35140815,Posted: 22 September,all,SeibertKY,"Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥BungieYo gave my review a positive, Dawg711 = Best Comedian 2k17(Read Comments)"
,Recommended,589290,35186035,Posted: 24 September,all,Ned Stark's Head (CARRY TILL GE),holdfast gave me viruses confirmed
,Recommended,589290,35112296,Posted: 21 September,all,65y Atlas ϟϟ,great graphicsgood animationssemi decent melee
,Recommended,589290,35112011,Posted: 21 September,all,Ｇａｂｂ.,"The wait was worth it, imo.Think of this game as M&B: Napoleonic Wars Remastered.The game at this state as of now is kind of clunky, which is expected from a game in Alpha and still in Early Access. The gunplay is pretty good, slow-paced and inaccurate little muskets, I like it. The melee aspect is a bit odd and feels weird, definetly needs some work. Joining servers can be a bit diffcult mostly those with high pop.The game peformance is pretty good, have experienced minor lags due to my internet, haven't encountered any bugs, may be different for others ofc.There are a few game modes.Army Siege - Your basic 1 team defends a castle, fortified positions..etc.. & the other attacks said position until the defenders die out or time ends. You have lives in this game, which is limited to a 100+ for defenders and the attackers unlimited.Army Assault - One life, both sides attack eachother. Basically last team standing.Army Battleground - TDM with Reinforcements capped at 100.And then you have the naval battles.Coastal Siege.Naval Battleground.THE GAME IS FUN, HOWEVER. It may not be fun for those who expect instant action as once REINFORCEMENTS have run out, you're left to watch the game until it ends on time or through one side being absolutely crushed. And gunplay is pretty slow, WHICH is expected from a game based on Napoleonic Era and melee might put players off. MELEE IS ALSO DIRECTIONAL MEANING IT USES MOUSE TO DO SWINGS AND STABSBasically. for those who can't be asked to read. Just gonna give a straight forward pros and cons.Pro's imo (GOOD):Graphics.Napoleonic Era.Is like M&B:NW but remastered and standalone.Voice Acting.VOIP. (Unless trolls screw around with it)Musket gunplay.Nice map design.Music.Peformance. (May be different for others)Con's imo (BAD):Melee.Game lacks of maps.Only a few factions.No Cavalry. Yet."
76561198095485787,Recommended,589290,35112109,Posted: 21 September,all,SUGAR DADDY,"Pros - GAME IS SPECTACULAR IN IT'S EARLY ACCESS! It's worth the try and buy. Naval Is way better than the old school M&B I tell you that...Con - This just needs an update of Blood & Gore, bayonet charge for 3 seconds and energy refill time for that (sprint charge), slow pace feeling for line battles. improve combat melee, update cav units later on of course, musket gun shot sounds seem bland, isn't better than M&B sounds. gun smoke needs improvements. Definitely the accuracy needs improving. It's worst than M&B I'd say. Try adding 303v303 players supported servers if could (EPIC). Built in mic isn't working properly. Death groans will make the game feel immersive. Selection and spawn is a bit buggy and glitched for me. Naval Action doesn't need teleport to mast etc. needs to be properly climb not teleport. Needs running water sounds from rivers and when running in water too.I know there will be more factions to come. This it's first release so I can't wait for the cool updates to come. So far it's great & awesome. Keep up the good updates and listen to your community and for sure this will last longer than Napoleonic Wars. So far I'm loving this and can't hate. In a year this will be almost perfect I believe. Developers are doing a great job to what they are aiming for. This time era is Immersive. 3 men team, I see you guys having potential!"
,Recommended,589290,35111675,Posted: 21 September,all,[63e] Fierce,Love it
,Recommended,589290,35111920,Posted: 21 September,all,[2eMrn]LES IS MOREx,Love this game needs some work but its amazingggg a must play really.
,Not Recommended,589290,35111371,Posted: 21 September,all,[2nd] Sam,"Refunded, plays more like a demo. I'll buy it again in 6 months."
,Not Recommended,589290,35181067,Posted: 24 September,all,AlexRivus,"""Sounds good, doesn't work""Still hope for the game to become a successor of M&B Napoleonic Wars."
,Not Recommended,589290,35171276,Posted: 23 September,all,Snail,Melee is clunky.
76561198026610102,Not Recommended,589290,35120413,Posted: 21 September,all,fucking gay game,"Refunded after 14 minutes.Why release a game on EA if the core mechanics -melee- are not even functioning. The hit registration is non-exsistent, it seems the devs have put no effort into it whatsoever. Literally nothing about this game can be considered an improvement to NW, absolutely nothing. the playercap is 125 which is quite frankly laughable considering NW's capacity to run 200 player LB's with minute melee delay on a 2008 era engine.This game will turn out like OKAM, mark my words."
,Not Recommended,589290,35118494,Posted: 21 September,all,[AGB] Wallace,spawn system is so bad you que up for a role and gives you a nine second timer but at the end of the timer it boots you back to the unit selection screen. this game needs to have the spawn system change to something like if you select a role and start the que then your slot is saved so you dont constantly keep getting booted back to the unit selection screen. This got really frustrating because it keeps happening over and over again and I am trying to play with my friends but i am unable to spawn for over half the round. I also thought that the game would have iron sites on the guns like blackwake and it does not it has pretty much the same shooting guide as NW.
76561198147938484,Not Recommended,589290,35192836,Posted: 24 September,all,Moldy Turtle Burgers,"Pros:-Graphics are decent-Sounds are nice, and there is lots of dialogue options-Many different classes to choose from-Somewhat nice looking mapsCons:-Certain items such as grass look really bad-Some ambient sounds throw you off, such as bullets hitting the sand around you when no one is actually shooting at you-Most classes are incredibly boring and don't differ from eachother that much. There are riflemen, guards and front line infantary, but the only thing that really changes between them is the fact that some have swords instead of bayonets and a slightly faster speed, which really isn't enough to warrant them being ""different classes""-Most maps are very bad, level-design wise. They are either too big so it takes a ♥♥♥♥ton of time just to get in a fight which 1/10 times you die in, have little to no cover, have too much cover, have ridges that allow extremely cheap flanks or are team-favoured a.k.a. give one side a bigger advantage over the other in terms of cover or higher ground-Melee is royally ♥♥♥♥ed to the point where you can literally see your sword go through someone and it does no damage and bayonets are ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to use. It makes melee extremely infurating to do even though most of the fighting you will be doing is melee if you are playing an offensive class.-Guns are stupidly innaccurate. I understand that it's the napoleianic era and everything and that guns are unreliable etc, but whats the point of adding ""long range rifles"" into the game if they can't shoot anything past 10m without an insane amount of luck?"
76561198304223005,Not Recommended,589290,35232970,Posted: 26 September,all,Captain Nemo,"I have to say overall the game is good. But for me i'm kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because I just spent $20 on a broken game. I understand the game is in early access, but it's ridiculous that I can't stay in any given server for more than 5 minutes without lagging out of the game. None of my other games do this to me so it's not my computor,and I know my computor is more than capable of running this game reliably. One question for the developers, is this happening to anyone else?, or is it just me who is having this problem? If you're not already please try to fix this problem. Other than that one issue, it's a pretty solid game. Though at times the game can be pretty ridiculous, you'll probably have fun if you played Mount and Blade: Warband. At the moment I do not recommend this game,I just don't feel like this game was refined enough to relese it to the public. Hopefully in the future this will change."
76561198037966853,Not Recommended,589290,35400006,Posted: 1 October,all,Quadfarshat,"If you have a group of friends yes, if not no.  The game really isn't ready yet."
76561198146730272,Not Recommended,589290,35127384,Posted: 22 September,all,Skyonline123,"If you want people to come from mount and blade you have to make it easier to run on lower-mid spec pc's. It won't run smoothly on very low settings for me which is dissapointing, but i'm sure there is work that can be made towards it."
76561198090475463,Not Recommended,589290,35120925,Posted: 21 September,all,kane21253,this game crashes everytime i start it is there a way to fix that?
76561198407382290,Not Recommended,589290,35166580,Posted: 23 September,all,HispanicAtTheDisco,"I'll keep an eye on it, but for the time being its horribly broken.Absolutely abysmal melee system, and tremendous letency issues.Altogether a really lackluster attempt at a shooter."
76561198422466027,Not Recommended,589290,35260140,Posted: 28 September,all,GoodOldIndiana,This game is terrible. I would not recommed it to anyone especially if you accidentally kill someone and then get banned. This game has a high latency rate and seems to always lag for me. Do not waste your money on this awful game!!
,Not Recommended,589290,35117068,Posted: 21 September,all,King Cuckold,"In the current state it is a no for me dawg. Melee is hot garbage and the servers are full but have horrendous lag. I think it has potential due to the gunplay, ship combat and overall look. However, I would wait a few months to buy it, especially at its current price tag. (I know 20 ain't much but it ain't worth 20 boys."
,Not Recommended,589290,35133592,Posted: 22 September,all,The Zoidberg Medic,"Awful optimising. I doubt anyone with a medium system or lower will be able to run this game. I like the shooting, but it is ruined by the 5 fps. If anyone has any tips to improve the frame rate, DM me."
76561198220628112,Not Recommended,589290,35119615,Posted: 21 September,all,Shortstock,"Every one of the dev videos looked amazing i will admit. However, I have yet to find a server where the average ping is below 200. Everything is choppy.... EVERYTHING. The fastest reaction time to blocking i ever experienced was almost a full second after i clicked the mouse. Obviously this game needs to be worked on and is early access for a reason. But in its current state it is not worth $20. Also, melee combat is a dance-of between two people who periodically scream and lose health when the air 4 feet away gets stabbed. I have about 120 games in my library and i have never before seen such a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor hitbox system."
,Not Recommended,589290,35320347,Posted: 29 September,all,Slimbizza,"Though I enjoy the concept, and It is very similar in nature to Mount and Blade Napolean; the lack of A.I or Bots for line battles like ""Commander Battle"" break this game. As some have stated before, the game will never have a very large base of players, let alone a majority who dont rambo. I had a couple friends that were truly looking for a replacement for Mount and Blade Napolean, and I'm simply going to tell them... Dont buy this game cause it doesnt come close. I'm going to see if I cant get a refund, which out of all the years on steam and hundreds of games played, I've actually never done before."
,Not Recommended,589290,35242626,Posted: 27 September,all,87th Foot Maj. Bell,"We will start this review by focusing on the Land Combat portion of Holdfast, and as you will discover, my opinion is about this game is about as Jekyll and Hyde as the game's opinion of itself is.So...land combat...what can be said except...yuck.Everything else is either dumbed down or non-functioning here. Of course we still have no cavalry due to this phase in development, but Artillery is no longer a team effort to man, and the cannons are just static objects randomly placed around the battlefield (Perhaps this will change). Everything from movement to shooting to ESPECIALLY melee feels clunky.Melee is about next to useless, I prefer War of Rights melee at this point, and it's literally just a place holder. I think Holdfast's melee irritates me MORE, because it FEELS like a finished melee system that just doesn't vaguely work, whereas War of Rights feels like a place holder, but it's a place holder that WORKS so you sort of ignore it.Going back to War of Rights, I think it's fair to spend the rest of the review comparing War of Rights to Holdfast, as both games are in Alpha and both games are representing the same type of warfare.Holdfast is essentially (SOMEHOW) an arcadey representation of  blackpowder warfare, however it suffers from trying to do too much. There are a slew of units to select from, but what they do and how they function aren't clearly laid out. You have everything from line infantry to freaking carpenters...some of the units feel different, but most just feel like the same same with different clothes.  The game looks pretty, but doesn't offer anything more than it's predecessor. In fact, the most I can ever see Holdfast being is a prettier version of Napoleonic Wars for Mount and Blade II, with about 1/2 the enjoyment...because now you had to spent $20 on a graphics update...EA pulls that♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's highway robbery, but someone plops that infront of the NW community, and they are gods...I said it once, and I will say it again:""If you are on the outside looking in, take all positive reviews from the community with a grain of salt. If someone developed a Napoleonic ASCII game, the NW community would have 100 regiments reserved for it in 24 hours, and already be calling it GOTY""But when compared to War of Rights, this game does not hold up, at least to me. War of Rights feels like it has more heart into it. Everything has a rhyme or reason, from how the characters move, to how a certain animation works. It's obviously more realistic, in everything from how it looks to how it plays. War of Rights is the Black Powder era's ARMA, to Holdfast's Call of Duty.  If itwas just the land combat, I would want a refund....but...a saviour rolls in....And it's name is Naval Warfare!And here is where the review does a full 180, naval warfare in this game is a hoot! It's like a LESS arcadey Blackwake. You have multiple ship types to crew with multiple types of weapons, again, the roles make little sense, and some of them don't work, but unlike land combat, you just don't care because the whole process is so goddamned fun.I think Holdfast would do better to just ignore anything that doesn't have a ship in it. And this seriously goes back to the concept of a game trying to do too many things at once....I am not saying that to be a smartass, I am saying, the land combat is so underwhelming and bland and just...terrible, but the naval combat is so good, that at this point if they decided to entirely scrap the land combat portion of the game, and focus on the naval combat, it might very well be one of the most entertaining games I have ever played.But again, the land battles are just an albatross hanging around this game's neck.So in summary:Do I recommend it? No, not yet. As much as I want to because of Naval Warfare badassery, I can honestly say I am a little disappointed I spent $20 on the early access of this game. If you are outside of the NW community, and not instantly going into convulsive fits because I didn't suggest you run out and grab this now, just wait. It might be okay eventually, but really...it's marketing to a niche, it knows it will have that niche no matter what, so don't expect it to do anything too spectacular."
76561198123068319,Not Recommended,589290,35128204,Posted: 22 September,all,Royal_Elite_Trumpian_Guard,"great game, epic battles, and amazing atmosphereonly problem is I cant join servers, game just loads and goes back to menu"
,Not Recommended,589290,35192616,Posted: 24 September,all,SpaceNavy,Its Napoleonic Wars for Warband but worse and way laggier. Don't buy in its current state
76561198026669603,Not Recommended,589290,35167735,Posted: 23 September,all,GarmaVonDetroit,"Way to early to truely play. Horrible melee(like trying to poke a moving fly with a toothpick), Servers lag the moment they get to many players(around 60+), Small player limit compared to the game its trying to copy. Clunky physics that feel like everything is moving on a rail. Naval battles need improvement and poishing out(feels rushed and clunky in the movement and gameplay of both ships and players), Servers have no form of admining or creator modes, very few maps and game modes making each server the same as the one next to it.Overall this game has potential to be a good game but at its current state is no better than a cheap Indie knock off of a top selling game...which it is.Recommend not buying for a long time, at least until its finished."
76561198118048698,Not Recommended,589290,35162486,Posted: 23 September,all,ROCKTUX88,"The server lag is so bad that melee is a game of absolute random garbage, wanna shoot someone. aim 50 meters where they will be walking because thats the only way it will catch up to them. Fix this or it will die like your servers."
,Not Recommended,589290,35117230,Posted: 21 September,all,Chesty Puller,This game is King♥♥♥♥♥♥of Turd Island.
,Not Recommended,589290,35117465,Posted: 21 September,all,ASHRiiid,we need commander mode
76561198102046282,Not Recommended,589290,35172476,Posted: 23 September,all,Sir_Returd_of_epik_gamers,noe~ face creation simulator~also melee r♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fix it pls if an bunch of stinky turkish mens can make gud melee u shud be able 2~♥♥♥♥♥♥♥idots
76561198193644643,Not Recommended,589290,35208686,Posted: 25 September,all,[Silverware] Fork,PLS BRING BACK FRIENDLY FIRE. THE GAME IS NOTHING WITHOUT IT. NOW THERE'S NEVER A RISK WHEN TAKING A RANGED SHOT.
,Not Recommended,589290,35129644,Posted: 22 September,all,Dazzer,"bad atmMessage from a friend who cant speak english very well: Make the game immediatly better, then optimalize it, basically fix everything.sincerely a fat kid"
76561198070177578,Recommended,589290,35110971,Posted: 21 September,all,𓃣 Cmdr. Bill [HMS Basilisk] 𓃣,I was buggering my daughter and she wouldn't shut up about this game.So I told the little sl-ut to go clean herself up and whilst she did that I bought it. Good game.
76561198171512602,Not Recommended,589290,35135113,Posted: 22 September,all,Lactose the Intolerant,1) find a server2) click connect3)hopefully join the server4) use a disfunctional spawn menu5) rounds end before you can actually do anything6) leave the match7) repeat
76561198032678513,Not Recommended,589290,35130530,Posted: 22 September,all,Sarr,"Cannot recommend at this point. FPS is terrible, there is a huge delay in actions, melee is simply terrible and community is just as bad."
,Not Recommended,589290,35186435,Posted: 24 September,all,Luukie,"Has a lot of potential, but it is unplayable right now.I've refunded it, for now"
,Not Recommended,589290,35114542,Posted: 21 September,all,Havoc,Not optimized. Have to use lowest settings and decrease resolution to 1280x720 just to get 30fps. I get 180 for lowest settings and 1980x1080 on Warband.Combat system is bad. Not competitive at all. There is a delay between left clicking and when you character actually decides to stab. The blocking is the same.Might be a fun casual game if you have a good computer but it's not for me.tldr; NW clone that isn't any better.
,Not Recommended,589290,35126887,Posted: 22 September,all,Muh_Dick,"Not worth 20€Melee is complete garbage""b-but m-muh early access!!!!!""No, this game is garbage. It will NEVER compete with M&B NWMfw all M&B NW regiments left for HoldFast:https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/black-man-laughing-portrait-late-s-handsome-isolated-white-background-35314865.jpg"
,Not Recommended,589290,35176680,Posted: 24 September,all,Mercenary_Frank,Worst game I have ever seen in terms of not only gameplay but on the code level as well. The combat system is poorly coded with delays implemented by the developer himself to control the packet flow. The game can not handle 125 players without hitboxes going out of sync or teleportation of players. This is a failed hijacking of the NW franchise.I don't see why anybody would want to play this game one month after release. The game suffers from many security issue's that I don't see a bright future for this game.For more detail visit my youtube channel
,Not Recommended,589290,35111251,Posted: 21 September,all,[9e] Furrnox,"Melee is bad, laggy #Refunded."
,Not Recommended,589290,35151468,Posted: 23 September,all,The Punisher,"Overhyped garbage, a prime example of why Early Access can be a bad idea."
,Recommended,589290,35110572,Posted: 21 September,all,WeeabooluvXoXo,502nd Ranger Battalion is recruiting.
,Not Recommended,589290,35164415,Posted: 23 September,all,Legion*Octi*,Broken pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥Mount and Blade is better/10
,Not Recommended,589290,35111992,Posted: 21 September,all,byg wang,Melee so badMy favorite feature of this game so far is that there is a quit option
,Not Recommended,589290,35119234,Posted: 21 September,all,G♂♂mba,"-Constant server crashing-Servers are so laggy the game is unplayable-Horrible UI-Stiff controls-FPS is a crapshoot, the game ran the same way on ""extreme"" settings as it did on ""very low"" settings-Balance is nonexistent-The melee system is a jokeObviously this game is still in early access, but as it stands right now there is no reason you should waste $20 USD on this game.Pathetic even for an alpha."
76561198006754674,Not Recommended,589290,35178458,Posted: 24 September,all,Savoy,Wtf happend? I just bought a game for kids with killerinstinct...for an old warrior..the game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥.dont do drugs its just makes you addicted..same with this game..what a bad steam for my mental health..
76561198021849639,Not Recommended,589290,35266319,Posted: 28 September,all,Wookie,"Absolute junk.Bought game.. joined server, immediately unimpressed by graphics and gameplay.Racially abused over voice comms, really nasty toxic stuff going on in text chat.Not fun.Refund requested."
,Not Recommended,589290,35200000,Posted: 25 September,all,GermanicOrder,"Horrible, just horrible."
,Not Recommended,589290,35202198,Posted: 25 September,all,Jimzy,"worst game i've ever played, money grab♥♥♥♥♥♥smdsmdsmdOKAM was better and still issmdsmdsmdbannerlord nw gonna kill thisbannerlord gonna kill this"
76561198094066694,Not Recommended,589290,35203036,Posted: 25 September,all,arf,"worst game i've ever played, money grab♥♥♥♥♥♥smdsmdsmdOKAM was better and still issmdsmdsmdbannerlord nw gonna kill thisbannerlord gonna kill this"
76561197998502678,Not Recommended,589290,35110831,Posted: 21 September,all,Twist,Gay
,Recommended,589290,35112570,Posted: 21 September,all,|51st| Desmond,Great fun. An updated version of Napoleonic wars. Needs some work on the melee but otherwise bulletdrop makes linebattles amazing
76561198168893148,Recommended,589290,35113423,Posted: 21 September,all,Brigadier General Brown,"I LOVE IT! Now it needs work, but let us remember that this is early access. The people in this review section don't know what they are talking about."
76561198345894680,Recommended,589290,35113386,Posted: 21 September,all,Microsoft,"I am a Very Very Very Big fan of the Napoleonic Era and I enjoy almost any game set during that period. I am going to try and give it as fair of a review as possible without trying to be biased to the era.Pro'sGraphicsShootingNaval Battles (better than NW's but it has alot of faults which i mention under cons.)Smooth GameplayCon'sMeleereloading of cannon's (the cannons are reloaded far to quickly and their is no animation for reloads you just take a cannon ball and dump it in the cannon then it is reloaded.)firing cannon's (it is very difficult to fire cannons as their is no reticles for them and then their is also no notification when you hit an enemy ship unless you kill one of its crew which can make it very hard to hit anything at all as you have no idea of how you should aim.)I only have about 2 hours of gameplay but I will play more and try to find out more issues with the game.I would only recommend this game to players who are willing to over look some major flaws in the hope that they will be fixed later on, If you are prone to get mad at the slightest problems this game has I would wait a few updates before purchasing. also it feels like this game might be good for awhile but then get rather boring after playing 100+ hours.For Now I would give this game a 6/10 if those problems I mentioned up above didn't exist this would pretty much be a 9/10 for me. also I would say the price is worth it if you are still interested in checking this game out."
76561198112359169,Recommended,589290,35113259,Posted: 21 September,all,Troompa loompa,Remake of Napoleonic wars mod for M&B but done correctly just needs come touch ups
,Recommended,589290,35111609,Posted: 21 September,all,Xander,"Great so far. Just needs alot of updates, melee combat is too slow and delayed and optimization is poor, however I already love the shooting mechanics and the accuracy and reload speeds. Cant wait for the updates too come."
76561198055276057,Recommended,589290,35113291,Posted: 21 September,all,Professor McNinja,"The community has already spoken on the areas that need work, but the developers are listening and I have full faith that updates will be quite good. It is definitely ready for the release, and once the community can organize events, this will be one of the best things out there.Yes, melee is clunkyYes, there are bugsBUTAt the release, there are already loads of servers upThe community from the old game is supporting thisAnd most importantly,when you see someone get blown away by cannonball, you will give this a 10/10"
76561198024554122,Recommended,589290,35113348,Posted: 21 September,all,Aryan,"They say you can never hit the shots you don't take, 9/10 times the shots you do take don't hit♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would play again."
76561198071667112,Recommended,589290,35113118,Posted: 21 September,all,Dragonborntim,It has a great potential.
,Recommended,589290,35112436,Posted: 21 September,all,1stFG | James Brock,"Sorry guys, but for the time being I need to leave it like this. Truly one of a kind game and one of a kind developers. Needs more work! It needs it a lot! Needs polish, lot of it.Gameplay mechanics are way to arcade style then they should be. more steps need to be taken into a realistic approach to in game mechanics. Honestly great developers though, but the game needs a good 5 to 6 years of work to be very fun, and full of content.I understand Its in alpha. Please do listen to what the forum wants in turn of an ""Arcade"" playstyle game. We didnt want it. To much influence from large company's that make fast paced games.The NW Community wanted something else. This was not it. Fix wants needed.Change it to what was aspired to be!Dont refund the game guys, they want the money to hire more developers.My special thanks to Reaflex, Rycorn, and Dreas for building it what it is today."
76561198212830035,Recommended,589290,35117497,Posted: 21 September,all,Baron_Karl,Hope there will be singleplayer mode and cavalry!
,Recommended,589290,35113415,Posted: 21 September,all,Aschenberg,"From the little time I have played the game was fun. Naval battle was epic with parts exploding as you're scrambling to reload the cannons and blow up the enemy ship.Small infantry battles were really fun but the melee combat felt a bit fiddly compared to mount & blade (though I am sure this is something the team will look into). Shooting felt very good and the bullet drop was just right.The game look super sexy unless you have a♥♥♥♥♥♥PC like me and you have to play on potato mode. There's no saying how the game will handle tens or even hundreds of players battling it out but it's not looking good for my pc. This isn't at fault of the game of course, it's pretty well optimised and it's just my PC not having the greatest time. My recomendation is any mid to high range card newer than 2012 can probably run this game at 60fps 1080p.There are some small features I would like to see added in a future patch. Like the ability for better filtering of servers, favoriting servers and the ability of searching for a specific server. Just kind of nitpicking but it would be nice.For a game to be just released and that's still being worked on it's very hard to beat. If you liked mount&blade warband napoleonic wars then you'll probably like this game too."
76561197999167494,Recommended,589290,35113770,Posted: 21 September,all,Boots In Puss,"Played this game for one hour and issued a refund.The melee is horrible, absolutly horrible....The creating shouting and taunts you can shout when clicking B N or V are the only redeeming things in this game right now.Coming from M&B NW, this game has a long long way to go.it is early access i'll give it that.But at it's current state, i cant recommand it, not even close.I would like to edit my review:I played only land battles when giving this review,I gave it a nother shot (yes i re-purchased the game after the refund)and played some naval battles, man that was fun!"
76561198184534342,Recommended,589290,35167191,Posted: 23 September,all,lskid,"Very fun, just hope they implement a prevention system for Team Killing."
,Recommended,589290,35114101,Posted: 21 September,all,Francophile,"Loads of fun! But it is early access and you shouldn't get this game if your computer is weak, but keep your eye out because this game is great"
76561198243532622,Recommended,589290,35113675,Posted: 21 September,all,PandaMaster105,This i an awesome game melee needs work but all else is rely awesome
,Recommended,589290,35172329,Posted: 23 September,all,[3rdFG] Grady,"On January 27, 2013, I wrote this review for Mount & Blade Warband: Napoleonic Wars... ""Best Game Ever!""Well, I take it back because this game is indeed the Best Game Ever!!!Apart from the Early Access Alpha bugginess, the game looks stunning and is the perfect Napoleonic War game that has ever existed."
76561198005694551,Recommended,589290,35168538,Posted: 23 September,all,Blood_Chappyb,the new NW
76561198013591520,Not Recommended,589290,35139732,Posted: 22 September,all,Hadiir,Worst melee system I've ever seen. Rest of the game is good.Servers either work fine or just lag an unreasonable amount.
76561197992865623,Recommended,589290,35172829,Posted: 23 September,all,Tyberos,"Edited review:Friendly Fire is now disabled. Now they just need to make improvements and the game will be great. The devs have got to add team chat, fix latency issues, and INCENTIVIZE team play!Original review:DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THEY IMPLEMENT A PUNISHMENT FOR TEAMKILLS. Right now, Teamkills are not punished and there are few servers with active admins. There are whole teams of people who stay in their own spawn and kill their teammates and there's NOTHING you can do about it. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing joke."
76561198058630905,Recommended,589290,35236589,Posted: 26 September,all,Res,"The Game is a Living Meme, If you loved NW like me. and Yearned to see the Community come back. This is the Game for you. Yes theres Trolls. but every game has them. Hoping to Join a Regiment soon and get some Linebattles going..P.S If you see Sir.Foggybottom. Just know. Your gonna win. the Man is a Music God that Rally's the Troops. (Plays Music Through VOIP xD)"
,Recommended,589290,35234307,Posted: 26 September,all,Rats,"I havn't laughed so much for ages, form a line."
,Recommended,589290,35252248,Posted: 27 September,all,Namaste At Home Dad,Great game for it's current state. It's gonna be a big one once they iron out a few creases. Nice.
,Recommended,589290,35253578,Posted: 27 September,all,Zolfo,"alot of fun, would be a great successor for napolionic wars"
,Recommended,589290,35255569,Posted: 27 September,all,[OTS]VaaSHARK,I've played a handful of hours of this with some friends and honestly there is nothing more rewarding when you see your crew get 15 random people lined up and firing at the same time! I personally love the game so far and look forward to see what they are gonna do with it. If I had to complain about one thing it would have to be the melee although when you do get hits and kills it can feel rewarding it just too inconsistent atm but this is what day two or three of the game coming out just got to wait and see ;)
76561198071728576,Recommended,589290,35250869,Posted: 27 September,all,ramon,.
,Recommended,589290,35268954,Posted: 28 September,all,Sandvich ♔,"Brilliant fun game, hardly any problems since I bought it, a few minor bugs but it's in alpha that will happen obviously. Just waiting for meele to be sorted other than that this game is the new Mount Blade Napoleonic Years it is brilliant! A must buy!"
,Recommended,589290,35290790,Posted: 29 September,all,Sir Retard,This game is simply amazing!Realistic GraphicsStrategicVery good communityInteresting!Doen't Cost 60eurAnd it's just an alpha!
,Recommended,589290,35288391,Posted: 29 September,all,Pops,Great Game!
76561197970716531,Recommended,589290,35327099,Posted: 30 September,all,psychog0,What a game!!! Bought it yesterday played it for 8 hours straight and love it! I never buy games in early release but so worth it!!!! Once there is a little bit more development on the game it will be such a success.
76561198149694109,Recommended,589290,35169642,Posted: 23 September,all,Gefferson,Good mount and blade like combat game.
,Not Recommended,589290,35158834,Posted: 23 September,all,Lord of Beer,"Player populations down 63% from launch. It was fun while it lasted, but right now its little more than a glorified line battle simulator. Team DeathMatch is the main mode, and the other objective mode is completely unready. Follow the game and wait for the real launch."
76561198006152416,Recommended,589290,35356726,Posted: 30 September,all,Malafunkshun808,"- ""Music Guy"" plays everything from ""Dixie"" to ""Livin On a Prayer"" while we charge into the breach.- 10/10- Will charge the Frenchies again and again with the Music Guy at the helm!  xD"
,Recommended,589290,35240981,Posted: 27 September,all,SnailDick Henry,>Be fifer>strolling with drummer mate boosting morale>playing dank men of Harlech>walking into battle>take cannon to chest10/10 would fife again
,Recommended,589290,35246364,Posted: 27 September,all,[32nd Gnr] Imperator,"Holdfast is a great game for it's current stage! The developers seem to be quite invested in the game and looks to the community for guidance. The graphics are nice and the combat is decent. The melee might need some fixing but the great naval action makes up for it for the time being. Given time this might become a worthy sequel to Mount & Blade: Napoleonic Wars, and for it's low price I'd say go for it!"
76561197978985668,Recommended,589290,35236481,Posted: 26 September,all,Ski,Only FPS game where you can eat a bowl of cereal and play. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,589290,35236378,Posted: 26 September,all,Sonaint,a rich nibbas mount and blade
76561198034989056,Recommended,589290,35235042,Posted: 26 September,all,scammer,What to say? well THIS IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD GAME then I won't spoil it ! LOLLLLLLLLL
76561198137882594,Recommended,589290,35402031,Posted: 1 October,all,62nd_General_Hemmings,I love this game.  All's it need is the optimizing and it'll be the best out there rn I only average 15-30fps this game once it's optimized I feel any PC will run it at about 50 60.  KEEP it up devs! ☺☺
76561197978092679,Recommended,589290,35388475,Posted: 1 October,all,Random-Dude,"""VIVE LA FRA'BAP'""...."
,Recommended,589290,35387804,Posted: 1 October,all,jeux4ntistress.#,"Great game! Very good and funny multiplayerbattles.No leveling-system, no lootboxes, no cashshop, no unlocks. Just a funny multiplayer experience.Melee is kinda crap at this time but they are working on it. I hope they will add new features like other nations, more weapons etc."
,Recommended,589290,35393178,Posted: 1 October,all,Louis,Good
,Recommended,589290,35400578,Posted: 1 October,all,Hawkeye,"This game is amazing!Do you like history, the napoleonic era, muskets, strategy, multiplayer action and fun. If you said yes to at least 2, you'll love this game. It's got fifers, drummers, surgeons, captains, ships, cannons, beautiful landscapes, violins, and plently of action!"
,Recommended,589290,35396929,Posted: 1 October,all,Marvises,"If you enjoy Mount and Blade Warband, you will enjoy Holdfast!  Similiar game concept, except with amazing graphics/gameplay!If you enjoy linebattles, this game is for you!"
76561198045439103,Recommended,589290,35397020,Posted: 1 October,all,Cody,good
76561198133671678,Recommended,589290,35396421,Posted: 1 October,all,ShiaLaButtFuck,"One of the best games Early Access games on Steam. This game has a ton of promise, and worthy developers.If you even remotely enjoyed Mount & Blade Napoleonic Wars, pick this up now."
76561198061679114,Recommended,589290,35396102,Posted: 1 October,all,Kittenstomper,"As an initial disclaimer I will say this: the game feels very much like an Early Access game.Many aspects are very rough around the edges, such as melee combat which the devs have named as their top priority at the moment. Also full or nearly full servers can cause FPS drops and latency issues which makes core gameplay features, such as the melee combat, nearly impossible.However, the game already shows great promise. The graphics are pretty and refreshing after M&B Napoleonic Wars, which was definitely showing its age, and are highly configurable with the amount of options offered to you. The HUD also features a lot of togglable options, meaning you can either have all information on display or a completely clean HUD and everything in between depending on your preferences.The variety of classes is good, providing all the roles you would expect, from line infantry to officers and even surgeons who can heal their comrades. Cavalry is notibly missing but the developers have assured us that they will be added in the future when they feel polished enough. There are also a surprising amount of game modes for a game in this setting, including naval battles which involve player-crewed ships and a roster of naval-specific classes. The unique Coastal Seige mode may be my favourite, with small ships ferrying troops towards coastal defences while blasting away at the defender's walls with their cannons.The voice acting is awesome, allowing you to insult your enemies, encourage your team-mates or just scream as you charge bayonet-first. Adding to the authentic atmosphere are the musician classes which can deliver such 1815 bangers as 'The British Grenadier March"" and ""La Marseillaise"" with fife and drum.Overall, as long as the developers keep putting in the hard work, this game is clearly going places. However if you expect to dive straight into a polished, deep and well-populated experience, maybe you ought to avoid it for now. Follow the game's social media, steam page and everything else you can find and make the decision to purchase when you think the time is right.But if you love games like this, you should take the plunge, fund its development and help provide important feedback during this critical Alpha stage."
76561198021357089,Recommended,589290,35400203,Posted: 1 October,all,Sgt.Turtle,Most fun iv'e had waiting to get shot since Iraq. 10/10
76561197987163850,Recommended,589290,35432971,Posted: 2 October,all,Gopnik,Great game with a lot of potential.  Really takes me back to the Mount & Blade Warband : Napoleonic Wars DLC from 5 years ago.  Melee is a bit clunky but I understand its top priority to improve for the devs.
76561197992317720,Not Recommended,589290,35134034,Posted: 22 September,all,Ganja{8th},alright well i deleted my first negative post because i felt i had not played the game enough and let the devs update it more.alas i still feel this game is negative. it just sucks.. i cant say much else i hoped it was going to be better but it just sucks so bad i cant play or take it seriously. before the game came out i was recommending to all my friends now im silent like a fool.im leaving this review this time because people should know the truth so all you fanatics who want to downvote should be ignored.even if this post has 100 downvotes trust me this game is not finished yet and the devs have a long way to go. you cant hit the broadside of a barn right in front of you never mind defend against a chicken if it attacks first. until those are fixed i cant give a good review
76561198035991719,Recommended,589290,35435004,Posted: 2 October,all,Long Bottom Leaf,Never thought I would have so much fun standing behind other people playing music and cheering while they shoot at things. Such a great game
,Recommended,589290,35312267,Posted: 29 September,all,"Spaw, B.","My game keeps crashing, says an executable file is crashing, if anyone could help me out that'd be awesome. Can't even play the game"
,Recommended,589290,35430019,Posted: 2 October,all,The Irish Ace,A really great game it's truly amazing but does have its flaws when it comes to trolls and mic spammers. So prep your ears other than that it's a 10/10 from me.
76561198194311333,Recommended,589290,35429947,Posted: 2 October,all,kingofcats,i was with a group of troopsa guy asked if anyone brought the pepsino one didwe all were taken out10/10 for realism
76561197999494448,Recommended,589290,35457614,Posted: 3 October,all,Paratrooper82,"Wow! Simply wow!So I got this game because I have hundreds of hours on Mount & Blade games, including Napoleonic Wars, which in my opinion was the best! I mean who wouldn't want to fight alongside over 90 players? On a 200 person server?Look no further than Holdfast: Nations At War, current server cap 124 people!! Basically you fight alongside 62 team mates on HUGE, beautifully crafted worlds in an all out Napoleonic era battlefield.When you join the game you can choose multiple different servers like open battlefields, naval sieges, naval battles and sieges. Once in the game you can choose to be a commander, different kinds of infantry and other classes. I have so far only played as commander, regular infantry and light infantry.ONE of my biggest pros about this game is that generally speaking the community is super nice, people listen to good commanders, and with that from time to time you can experience ridiculously amazing bayonette charges and lines infantry battles.PROS:Nice graphics (way better than mount & blade)huge mapsawesome erabattlefields and battles feel realisticgenreally good communityso far NO game breaking bugsHUGE potential !!!CONS:somestime you run into people who can't speaking english, on english servers, then get angry and use foul language/voice troll...somestimes it is still laggysmall bugs"
,Recommended,589290,35450148,Posted: 3 October,all,Patrickjet,"Mount & Blade Napoleonic Wars 2 - Return of The Spin Stab!It's all good, just needs work on the melee :D"
76561198343118942,Recommended,589290,35450973,Posted: 3 October,all,SirMcNugget,This game is fun but one thing can we have aim down sights? instead of a circle it would complete the game for me :D
,Recommended,589290,35486111,Posted: 4 October,all,Krayakin,"Pretty awesome little game, would like to see more people buy this to boost the numbers and get the game rolling.  So far I highly recommend this. Lots of fun and the community is great. :D highly reccomend!"
76561198030766762,Recommended,589290,35484876,Posted: 4 October,all,naughtymoi,"Already a great game.Keep up the good work!Play it and you won't regret, it is really exciting and fun. I'm sure bugs can be and will be addressed and they're not very annoying at the moment anyway.Servers run ok, sufficiently populated, even if only a few at full capacity, to play for hours in a row. Which I did. Met some bloody damn' funny English (proper) characters as players in game. Great for the atmosphere. And only a couple of idiots who (the only annoying thing so far) insisted to play music through the mike.The best or the weakest part is going to be how the game community shapes itself. For now it is fine.About the new factions. The obvious choices are the continental empires of the era: Prussia, Russia, Austria, The Ottoman Empire and Spain. Then the Americans, the 1812 war was part of the era anyway. Smaller or more exotic nations could add flavor to the game. Why not Haiti, for instance.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,589290,35485397,Posted: 4 October,all,Luigi Cadorna,"It's like Napoleonic Warfare , but without the vital ability to scream BLEE at people."
,Recommended,589290,35481133,Posted: 4 October,all,caM,Looking forward to what this game will bring
76561198058921532,Recommended,589290,35483242,Posted: 4 October,all,Muslim Slayer,I like it.. I suggest it..
76561198058252315,Recommended,589290,35497532,Posted: 5 October,all,Mitsuha,wp
,Recommended,589290,35504482,Posted: 5 October,all,[Æ] Walki,"Did a linebattling back in BG2, this is so much better D:. Grab it while it's cheap!"
,Recommended,589290,35509464,Posted: 5 October,all,~ÅrkasiÅ~,"Not as much micspam as I would have thought. Mostly civilized, and very similar to M&B Napoleonic Wars DLC which I have played for a long time, and now I have this game, which I do hope keeps getting updated. I recommend that cavalry gets added as soon as possible once worked out. For the stage it's in currently, I am very impressed, and I urge you to check this game out."
