user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,589530,34594395,Posted: 29 August,all,Aniva,"★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★Note: Keep in mind that Hakuoki Kyoto Winds is only the half game/plot. Kyoto Wind ends, where the individual character routes in other Hakuoki versions would usually begin.★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★Everything worked perfectly fine for me, after they added the exe.file 6-8 hours after the release. So I can't really say anything about crushes, bugs, or something like that.First, I would like to mention the significant differences to Hakuoki Demon of the Fleeting Blossom: The graphic quality has greatly improved considered to the PSP Version, so has the sound quality and the quality of the CG’s as well.There are a lot of new animations and the animated lip synchronization is also a new feature.The layout seems much ""cleaner"" now and fits perfectly into the rest of the game.There are six new routes including three bachelors which previously didn’t even appeared (Souma Kazue, Iba Hachirou, Sakamoto Ryouma)Familiar faces like Nagakura Shinpachi, Keisuke Sannan and Susumu Yamazaki have now their own routes to your heart!The Kazama Chikage route, which was rather short, is now much longer.They have also added new CG's for each route.Everything is much more detailed, better explained and much longer.★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★Now to the actual review:Hakuoki plays in the Tokugawa period (Edo Period) and makes use of the names of the most famous Shinsengumi members, which have actually once really existed.We’ll find ourselves also in the middle of the Shogunat conflict.The whole story is very close to the previously real-life events and it will lead you through a lot of knowledge of japan history. Of course there are many differences as well, but you will be surprised if you google the characters and when you discover how much these fictive characters have in common with the real ones.Each route has it’s own personal background story, which will getting interesting, the further you come in the story. At a certain point (only in the next part) the routes will be completely individual and can not be longer compared with each other like in Kyoto Winds, where you are mostly following a common path. The romance is not really present in Kyoto Winds, it is more like a ""Meet and great"" and it's filled with many informations and a lot of story telling. Also, it will give you the chance to get familiar and attached to all of them.The romance interests are characterized by individuality. Each guy has his good and bad sites. Every bachelor has an own unique story and background.The MC Chizuro Yukimura (The name is changeable) is in comparison to many other MC's not just a head full of air, plain or just devoting herself to everyone, she has her own mind. It is possible to identify yourself with her personality, her decisions, reactions and her thoughts so it’s not a difficult task to dive completely into her role, if you wish so.The soundtrack is really beautiful always atmospheric and perfectly fitting into the situations.Since I don’t want to mention to much from the upcoming love story, which is missing in this game, I just want to say: It will be really worth it. Hakuoki has so many happy, shocking, calm, heartwarming AND heartbreaking moments as well that I can hardly put it into words.. so I really look forward to the more detailed romance scenes which will, hopefully, come up with the next part.One negative thing I have to mention though: I don't think that this game is really 80 hours long... there is a lot of skipping if you're using ""Skip Read"" after you've played through 2-3 Routes. I don't really like it, that IF isn't honest at some points, that includes that they haven't mentioned the fact in the description, that this game is only the half story.NOTE: They added it to the description now, but it wasn't mentioned at the release or the days after that.But nevertheless: For me is Hakuoki one of the best and most enjoyable otomes that even exists and is characterized by an outstanding, well-written and stirring story, which you will think about, many decisions and great characters. Even the side characters are really likeable.I really can't wait for the next game!★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★¸¸.•*¨*•☆¸¸.•*¨*•★PS:Handsome men in kimonos are freakin’ hot!Farewell for now. (I love this soundtrackand Chikage) :Dhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1119284324⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ <3"
76561198248911534,Recommended,589530,34474008,Posted: 24 August,all,kurosan13,"First of all, I have been playing Hakuoki since demon of the fleeting blossom. That is when my love affair with Sanosuke Harada started (Souma Kazue slowly inching his way into my heart). While I have not been playing Kyoto Winds for that long, I recommend this game even to veteran players. Only 4.5 hours into the game and it  reminds me why I fell in love with Hakuoki in the first place. I hope that the second part is localized soon so I can get my hands on it."
,Not Recommended,589530,34564946,Posted: 28 August,all,Ash of Astora,"This is NOT 80 hours of romance.That is absolute false advertising. They don't tell you this, but the routes all end at chapter five, when the Shinsenhumi flee to Edo. If you played the originals, prepared to be really, really angry. Most people buy this unaware that these routes only go halfway. This is Shinkai: Kaze no Shou. The romances only finish in Hana no Shou. This is an INCOMPLETE GAME.Don't bother, yet. You will only be disappointed."
,Recommended,589530,34634796,Posted: 31 August,all,Impracticalmagic,"My favourite Otome game, bar none.  This game has beautiful art, an excellent soundtrack, and complex stories that are rich with true-to-history detail.  This is a game best enjoyed by those who enjoy a more true-to-life historical romance; be prepared for a ""slow burn"" type of approach with most of the romanceable guys.**Very Important**:  This isn't a Voltage or D3 Labs style game, and this is only the FIRST HALF of the full story for each guy.  This means more reading and fewer modern ""romance"" elements, at least in Kyoto Winds, the localized version of Hakuoki Shinkai: Kaze no Shou (the game was released in 2 parts in Japan as well).  Barring the supernatural elements, this game stays relatively faithful to the feel and standards of the historical setting, which is 1864 Japan (i.e., Victorian times, from an English-world perspective).  The second half of the game, with the final route endings, is being localized and is likely coming out in the Spring of 2018.If you read the reviews, you will see that what most people dislike is that the game ends halfway through the main story lines.  This was unavaoidable because this game has twice as many routes (romance interests) as the original and adds content even for the original characters.  If it is important to you to have complete routes from the get-go, I recommend playing the mobile version of the game (Android and iOS) or the PS3 version (still my favourite version, as it has so much fun extra content).  There are only half the routes, however.  Also, there is less overall story.PROS:  One of the best otome games out there *if* you like historical drama and don't mind a slow burn romance style.  The romance is all there, just a little less overt than in a lot of current games, except for a couple of characters.CONS:  As in Japan, this game is only the first half of each story, which many find dissatisfying.  We'd all like to play each route all the way through!"
,Recommended,589530,34511260,Posted: 26 August,all,kektor,"alright, i've been waiting for this game for so long. I played the original hakuoki, and because of my lack of vita i couldn't play the remastered version.until now. KEEP IN MIND, THIS IS ONLY THE FIRST HALF OF THE GAME (kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, in my opinion)let's start with the art. i dont usually take art into a huge factor, but the art hasn't changed muched. the one complaint i have about it is that i can tell the newer characters were drawn when the artist had more skill (seriously, i cringe when i see harada and souma beside each other) but other than that, its so beautiful.the new characters seem a little, well, forced into the story. i get it, they wanted to have more love interests and more characters so the game actually feels more real. some of the newer captains- miki and takeda, actually fit very well in my opinion. iba and souma are really nice characters, and honestly, i enjoyed playing their routes. I have yet to play ryouma's route as of now. i'll add that in at a later date!the new routes, now let me tell you. i was thirsty for shinpachi in the original games, but now that he has a route, which, by the way, is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, you get to view shinpachi in a newer light, and also you get little sister zoned. little bit salty about that. iba and souma's routes are also ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. iba- my personal favourite, because im a SUCKER for childhood friend routes, seems a little forced in at the beginning but as his story continues it flows beautifully. souma is something else. the MC becomes his teacher on his route, as he becomes kondou's page. so thats how they end up bonding. its actually really cute, seeing the feelings build up slowly. iba's route- he's in love with the mc as soon as they meet.overall, this game is just as good as the original, except that its not complete. i cannot stress that enough, its only half of the game. the second half has yet to be announced. buy this game if you got the cash and you enjoyed the first one, or if you got the cash. just, buy this game"
,Not Recommended,589530,34567535,Posted: 28 August,all,☆ luclear ☆,"The bottom line: go play the PSP version, or the 3DS version, or the PS3 version, or, hell, the iOS/Android version. Any of those would give you a more satisfying experience than this.Okay, so, I want to start off by saying that I’ve been a Hakuoki fan for a couple of years now. And it’s exactly because Iama fan that I can’t in good faith recommend what essentially amounts to half a game – and the half thatisthere isn’t even well put-together. Four chapters of a long, absolutely labyrinthine common route, a brief fifth chapter for each love interest, and a “final chapter” that amounts to a non-ending. Frankly, it sucksMy issue with this remake can be summed up pretty simply: it’s too ♥♥♥♥ing big for its own good. The game doesn’t need twelve bachelors, and a million issues of scope follow from there. The common route, which was plenty lengthy in the original, gains more content and branches, none of which it actually needs. It’s exhausting, even with the skip button, and the “Record of Service” feature doesn't really alleviate this. I was so tired by the time I finally,finallyhit the route-split I was just about ready to stop playing altogether.On top of that, basically none of the new routes are intuitive to unlock. It’s pretty easy to work out how to romance any of the five original Shinsengumi boys, and only slightly tougher to romance Kazama, but beyond that I got very lost very quickly. I’m an experienced otome player, and I combed and re-combed the common route for a solid hour without finding any of the new content aside from a couple of CGs. There’s just too much there, and it often felt like I was stumbling around blind – and I’m sure it would’ve been even worse for a newcomer. Yes, I could use a walkthrough but, to put it bluntly, I shouldn’t feel like I have to just to get the basic level of engagement. And don’t even start me on the decision to split the game in half; sure, the Steam store description says it’s “the first in a two-part series”, but the only route I managed to get through cut off halfway. Needless to say, this left a really bad taste in my mouth.It’s a shame, because the artwork is really gorgeous! And I’m interested in meeting the new bachelors! (Even if I think a couple of them are weird choices… did anyone actually ask for Sanan?) Except the game is so high on its own expanded-remake energy that it completely neglects to try and, you know, feel like anything other than a hedge maze. Words can’t do justice to howdisappointedI am by the whole experience – this didn’t make me want to buy part two, but it did make me want to go replay the original on PSP. At least that version knew about things like “narrative cohesion” and “closure” and “fun”."
76561198274146483,Recommended,589530,34960562,Posted: 14 September,all,Quipsy,"'Kay. I'm gonna come right out and say this: Perhaps this isn't worth buying if you've already bought the game before, which, all things considered, is incredibly likely. It could be if you're interested in the new routes, but prepare to spend an incredibly short amount of time alone with whoever it is you're targeting as this is only the first half of the game, ending right at the route split. I don't think this is clarified anywhere and I was totally baffled by the ""mixed"" score when I first blindly bought this because I rush into things like an idiot and was focused entirely on SANAN ROUTE, but now I know! This is some MGS: Ground Zeroes♥♥♥♥♥♥right here, my dude. I'm still going to recommend this as it goes down way smoother than the original, but be warned that. Like. The rest of the story is very obviously missing. It ends abruptly right before things are getting interesting. EXTREMELY abruptly.If you want the short version of my review, it's this: ""Okay, cool! Nice. Where's the rest of it?""Now for the long.My memory is trash so please forgive me if my comparisons aren't right on the money, but I'm going to hold this up against my blearly, fragmented snapshots of my first encounter with this game.Firstly, it's visually stunning at any resolution and the new soundtrack is great. (I particularly had a problem with the old title theme because it was the absolute most generic jidai-geki instrumental theme you could imagine. It makes sense, but gave me flashbacks to my grandma hogging our TV to watch samurai dramas.) It's slick and easier to listen to. I do have a problem with it, but this has more to do with audio mixing which I'll get to later.Graphically, as I said, it's beautiful. The lip flaps can be distracting (and look a little off to me) but it's forgivable. The new text box is fantastic, the menus are fantastic, and if I had any complaint about them it'd be that the ""warrior record"" has such an insane amount of negative space that it's a little difficult to figure out what it even is at first glance. I get that the blossoming cherry-blossom tree in the background is an affection meter and can applaud the creativity, but... I feel like it could have been executed a little better.The text seems like it's been heavily streamlined. The first time I played this game I had to stop every so often because it feltincrediblydense for a VN, but this feels far lighter. It's still heavy on history, but there really is no way to take that out of the story. If you've already played you know what to expect. If you're a new player, to put it shortly, ""you gon' learn."" Literally. This could be a huge problem if you're mainly looking for fluff. Hakuoki is already notoriously light on fluffy moments--which are increased here--but this is still mainly a historical fantasy.I'm going to be an oddball here and say that I like the new routes better than the original ones. I loved the original, but I wasn't really interested in any of the guys... except for inaccessable Sanan. Which is why I bought this to begin with! His focus here has just the right amount of cold, subdued menace I was expecting. Sanan, out of all of the new suitors, has the least amount of fluff which is interesting considering the global fluff increase this game underwent. (This is great for me, but if you're wanting to go in and melt Sanan's bitter heart then. Well... Sorry.)  Iba is your typical smiley caring childhood friend type who would never hurt a fly. IMO, the most interesting part of his route was the presence of Kanryusai Takeda, who is a shamelessly messy ♥♥♥♥♥ who lives for drama. He's so monumentally jealous and scheming that it accidentally made him charming in my eyes. Souma is your very own kouhai who SCREAMS CONSTANTLY and was pretty forgettable to me aside from that. He's cute and REALLY LOUD, but... that's really it. The strongest of the new routes for me was Ryouma Sakamoto's, he's really fun and a welcome departure from all the heavy ""HONOR"" stuff constantly happening, so I went ahead and played his route again instead of finishing Yamazaki's so I could form an appropriate opinion on it. (Uh...)Anyhow: Now for my biggest problem with this game aside from the second half being conspicuously missing. THE AUDIO MIXING. The mixing is all over the place, usually the voices in a VN are normalized, but here they're... not. They are OBVIOUSLY not. Shinpachi in particular is so incredibly, ear-bleedingly loud for no reason that I had to turn his voice down a whole lot and he was STILL loud. Other voices, like Iba's and Kazama's, are very soft, so they have to be turned all the way up. But when they raise their voices, it's still too much! (Souma in particular is a ride from hell since he has both of these problems bad: Being very soft and very loud at the same time. His shouts in particular are so loud that they have obvious artifacting. It's... not great.) The music was drowning out a lot of the softer voices, so I turned it down as far as I could while still hearing it, but it was still too loud. I turned it down a little more then it was nearly inaudible! I spent a huge amount of time fiddling with the mixing of various voices, sound effects, and the music. I got to near comfortable levels with the voices and effects, but the music is just doomed to being a faint whisper. I can't get it to play at a reasonable volume.All in all: If you're new to Hakuoki, don't want to buy a vita and don't mind waiting indefinitely for the second part to be localized, knock yourself out. This is a great rerelease in spite of all of its issues, but you definitely need to take them into account and carefully decide whether or not you're okay with them. Purchasing this game when it goes on sale is perhaps your best bet, to be perfectly honest!"
76561198087829022,Recommended,589530,34508913,Posted: 26 August,all,taina psilva,"I played the PSP version and I suppose that when I saw this version still in Japanese last year, I was a bit annoyed, I thought it was the same game.But no, the scenarios are more beautiful, the textures in the clothing art of the characters are much more visible and well made.I had problem with the game only on the day of purchase, and I'm playing now without making any other mistakes.The keyboard shortcuts I found a bit bad.The game looks new. The historical context has been reduced, if you played on the PSP reminds you that at the beginning of the game and in the chapter change, many texts were written tiresomely on the historical context. I read that, but I never absorbed it. However, it is much shorter, lighter and easier to digest.Not that I do not like context, but I already know why I investigated the real Shisengumi out of curiosity.In short, I'm enjoying the game, as I said the art is beautiful has new events and differences in the old events. The presentation of the new characters was very cool.I did not have other errors in the game after the missing EXE.The game is good, Hakuouki is not my favorite visual novel, but the game has improved a lot, this version also brings the events of Zuisouroku. So, yes, it's being a good buy.It  was one of the first Visual Novels I played, before I have played only Dating sims.PORTUGUÊS +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Eu joguei a versão do PSP e suponho que, quando vi essa versão ainda em japonês no ano passado, fiquei um pouco irritada, pensei que fosse o mesmo jogo.Mas não, os cenários são mais bonitos, as texturas na arte da roupa dos personagens são muito mais visíveis e bem feitas.Eu tive problema com o jogo apenas no dia da compra, e estou jogando agora sem ter cometido nenhum outro erro.Os atalhos do teclado eu achei um pouco ruim.O jogo parece novo. O contexto histórico foi reduzido, se você jogou na PSP lembra que no início do jogo e na mudança de capítulo, muitos textos foram escritos de forma cansativa sobre o contexto histórico. Eu li isso, mas nunca o absorvi. No entanto, é muito mais curto, mais leve e mais fácil de digerir.Não que não goste de contexto, mas já sei porque investiguei o Shisengumi real por curiosidade.Em suma, estou gostando do jogo, como eu disse que a arte é linda tem novos eventos e diferenças nos velhos eventos. A apresentação dos novos personagens foi muito legal.Eu não tive outros erros no jogo após o EXE faltando.O jogo é bom, Hakuouki não é minha novela visual favorita, mas o jogo melhorou muito, também esta versão traz os eventos do Zuisouroku. Então, sim, está sendo uma boa compra.Ele foi um dos primeiros Novelos Visuais que joguei, antes de ele ter jogado apenas Dating sim."
,Recommended,589530,34520346,Posted: 26 August,all,erinbutt,"10/10 - ""Ruined my life!"""
,Recommended,589530,34571758,Posted: 29 August,all,Naesinth,"I enjoyed Hakuoki when I played it on Android. The stories were so fantastic and could make you laugh or cry depending on each one. I love the fact that I can finally play Hakuoki on my computer. Steam is my favourite place for playing games and having Idea Factory bring Hakuoki here is the best.I am saddened by the fact that Kyoto Winds is only the first half of the game and it surprised me. However, I recalled reading somewhere, that this was the case. I just didn't think it would effect all the stories. Though I am sad I'll have to wait another year to finish the romances with each character; I am grateful that the game came out for PC.I LOVE the new stories and the new characters!! I cannot wait to see the second half of the game!! Hopefully, something like this won't happen again. Releasing half the story and having to wait for the other half is frustrating."
76561198203099629,Recommended,589530,34914948,Posted: 13 September,all,Sarabellatrixx,"I was having a major Nightshade hangover, when I found about Hakuoki: Kyoto Winds.The gorgeous art-style, the time-period, and the story seemed so similar to one of my fave VN's. I was so excited! I counted down the days till this game's release, and had high expectations.And I wasn't let down.In my opinion, Nightshade still remains top-dog, but this game has a soft-spot in my heart. I LOVE OKITA! AND SAITO! AND KAZAME! AND TOUDOU!I still yet to have completed a single route (as I didn't want to follow a guide and spoil myself) but I can already tell this game is a winner. 9/10."
76561198332954038,Recommended,589530,34979475,Posted: 15 September,all,UshaBeilschmidt,"This game is nice but only worth to buy while its on sale. The arts are stunning but the story line for the romance isn't really good. Then, where the rest ? I meant like, is that it ? is that all the romance ???? History is good but...most of us surely expect some more romance."
76561198373802953,Recommended,589530,35235576,Posted: 26 September,all,Misaki,"First, I don't have the same sentiments as others have here because its my first time playing Hakuoki. Though I watched the anime version a long time ago so I already have the idea. So far I have played 3 routes ( Hijikata, Kazama and Nagakura ) so I know now how the story goes. I suggetst you choose your FIRST ROUTE carefully cause thats the only time you get the feeling of playing the route for the first time, because some scenes are the same so choose your most favorite guy as your first route. ( btw, Hijikata is not my fave, I regret it so am telling you now. ) As for the time play, yes I think its an 80-hour game IF you play the game the same way in every route, but no ones gonna play the same scenes for 12 times so ofcourse you just have to skip it, and that will decrease the timeplay. So thats the reason why others are saying this is not an 80-hour game. I will not give my full review of this game cause this is just the first half of Hakuoki, so the things I think what this game is lacking, am not gonna try to find it for now, I'll wait for the other half version of this game.And I think its unfair for this amazing work to have ""mixed"" reviews, cause this is a masterpiece, so if its your first time playing Hakuoki please don't hesitate on buying this just because of the reviews, but as I and others have said, its only the first half of the game so for me knowing that before playing will avoid the "" so.. thats it? "" kind of feeling.This is my review for now I'll edit this after playing the whole game. Ohh, and I bought this on a bundle and I suggest you do that too. :)( excuse my poor grammar I'm not fluent but am trying. ) :))"
76561198263966574,Recommended,589530,34678576,Posted: 2 September,all,Eshberry,"While it's definitely not a perfect game, I definitely still recommend it. The description does say it's the first of a two part series - something very apparent by the time you reach the end. It's clear it's not a complete story.I feel the '80 hours of romance' is a huge overstatement on several fronts. Even though it is necessary to play through multiple times to really get the full story (and it can be fun to uncover all the different moments available based on the choices you make), there's a lot of repeating what you've already read.The art is hontestly flat out *gorgeous* on all fronts, though. All sprites are well designed, including the side characters. CGs are also beautifully done.The 'extras' in the cast do have a bit of no-eyes syndrome going on but the protagonist, at least, has a face when she appears in CGs so that's a definitely plus – and it makes the no-eyes extras more forgivable.There are also a lot of really gorgeous backgrounds. A lot. Because the scenery changes quite a bit, there's a huge variety of different environments and a lot of small details that really add to the experience (such as showing a simple ceiling BG when the protagonist is lying in bed.) It feels like they went to a lot of lengths to ensure the game was visually appealing. The fight sequences are also well done, and are set up in a way that makes them more engaging than just looking at static sprites on static backgrounds.The simple animations definitely enhance the experience. And the lip-synch animation is actually done much better than a lot of visual novels. So props there.All the love interests I've played so far have distinct personalities. While some characters have similar traits, each one is still unique enough to stand out from the others, which is really nice in a game with so many potential love interests. I think the characters are interesting and, for the most part, likeable. Some characters have clear and interesting development as well, which makes the story fun to read.The writing, from a technical standpoint, is well done. Things are written clearly, they're easily understandable, though there are a few typographical errors here and there.But…as I mentioned above. '80 hours'? I just don't see it.First of all, there's not much 'romance' to speak of - much less 80 hours of it. Most of this part of the story focuses on the political goings on around the protagonist so she actually spends comparatively little time with whatever specific love interest you're pursuing. What scenes she does have tend to be more on the platonic side - there are exceptions and some routes have more obvious hints at romance than others. These moments are often short and don't really go far beyond hints until the latter chapters of a few routes.But  I just struggle to see how there's 80 hours of content at all, due to the sheer amount of re-reading previously read content. It seems extremely exaggerated at best (unless the 80 hours refers to parts one and two together. In which case, it seems misleading to list the complete amount what is only part of the story).Personally, I find the story to be the weakest part of this visual novel. While the characters are interesting, fun, cute, and often intriguing…They frequently get a bit lost in a story that's trying to juggle too many events, too many sub-plots and a too-huge time scale. Characterization and relationship development often suffer while the story tries to cram a huge amount of historical upheaval into a fairly condensed game experience.To be safe, I'll put the rest below spoiler tags:The amount of time this game covers is at least four years. That means a lot of time skips –often months at a time, over really a really short amount of play time. This rapid jumping through time causes a sort of strange situation where the story both feels like it's moving way too fast and dragging on way too slowly.For instance, many characters (including the protagonist, frankly) show relatively little character development despite the amount of time that passes. Even though they're aging four years - sometimes going from child to adult - there is not much emotional maturing that happens. The MC is as naive and innocent four years later, as she is when she first joins the Shinsengumi. And that is after living alongside seasoned samurai, helping out on missions and being surrounded by death.There are other issues with the time scale not seeming to match up with story development. It's hard to believe that hints of romance developing in her first months with the Shinsengumi remain mere hints four years later. How does a relationship not develop at all during that amount of time?There's also a lot of ambiguity as to what exactly she's doing during that four years. She clearly isn't learning to use her sword (she's as useless in battle during the final chapters as she is at the start.) Some routes indicate she is acting as a medic but this isn't addressed at all if you focus on other characters. And either way, she's never really shown acting as a medic. It mostly happens off-screen or in conversation.  Like other things, it feels glossed over and cast to the side in favor of focusing on the upheaval and struggles of the Shinsengumi as a whole.The story just didn't seem to be able to balance the events going on with actual character development.The demon/fury sub-plot kind of comes out of left field. As if historical fiction wasn't interesting enough on its own so they had to make the main character special by being not human - and throw some Vampires in for dramatic effect. Some aspects of it aren't handled extremely well, particularly in some routes. It typically only surfaces when it seems convenient for stirring up some drama. I also felt that some elements of this plot struggled to find any sort of internal logic to follow and were a bit all over the place.This is another plot that is handled better when you focus on some love interests than on others. But the fact that some routes feel so much better balanced while others are lacking gets a bit frustrating at times.All these elements together cause the story to sometimes buckle under its own weight. I found myself really dissatisfied, at times, with how sluggish things were moving and at others I was frustrated because it felt like I was just skimming the surface of what could be a really detailed story.All of that may seem like a serious gripe but this visual novel definitely has parts that are enjoyable. There are some fantastically lovable characters, and it's definitely a joy to just look at. Seriously. The art'sreallybeautiful.For those thinking of buying the game, I recommend waiting until it's on sale. Lovely as it is, I don't think the story content warrants the full price. Despite its length, it very much feels like a prologue or set up to a longer story. Which explains the skips through time and glossing over of certain story elements and the lack of development in some areas. It feels very much like it's just prepping you for what's to come.All of that's fine, honestly. But I wouldn't personally pay full price for something that doesn't really read like a full game/story."
76561198058389986,Recommended,589530,34619196,Posted: 30 August,all,Hiyo,"If you're a fan of otome games, then this game truly is a must-have.- Great Story- Great Characters- Beautiful Artwork- Good Soundtrack- Many many hours of playtimeIt's definitely worth the price, even though this is only the first part of the full experience. So keep that in mind, when you want to purchase the game. However, for only the first half of the full story it's definitely a lot of playtime, especially considering there's now 12 available Characters.Some people were mentioning crashes or bugs, but I've never encountered any of that while playing. The game itself was honestly running perfectly.The new characters were quite charismatic and well designed. I still prefered the original routes, but they definitely did a great job with the new ones.That being said I really can't wait for Edo Blossoms (the second half) to be released!"
76561198098322697,Recommended,589530,34786127,Posted: 6 September,all,Crystal Mixer,"Hakuoki: Kyoto Winds is the first game of the Hakuoki franchise that I have played, and after finishing it I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised: the art is gorgeous and the characters just drew me in, making me spend hours in-game without realising it (and enjoying every minute of it) until I had finished yet another route.The romance is subtle, but it is definitelythere.The endings were appropriate for what this VN is, namely the first out of two parts: I was left feeling satisfied with how they closed of this chapter of the story and curious about how it would continue along any of the branching paths, but by no means frustrated.If you are looking for a high-quality VN/otome for PC, then I definitely recommend Hakuoki: Kyoto Winds, especially if you are new to the franchise. By purchasing it, you could also show your support for the release of more VNs like this on Steam."
,Recommended,589530,34602105,Posted: 30 August,all,nitoki,"When I heard the original Hakuouki was going to be revamped on the vita and soon to PC, I was pretty excited. Hakuouki: Demon of the Fleeting Blossom was like the grandpa of Otoge it started a lot of things. So being able to play it again brings back nostalgia.Kyoto Winds is much longer now, even playing the original routes, it's much longer and better with all the newfound stuff to the storyline. Despite seeing some familiar stuff I was still very much immersed into the story as back then.I was very much aware that this was only half of the game when I bough it, that being this only covers the part when they were in Kyoyo, I mean it's in the title lmao, but they've added so much more. New content for the old routes and of course new routes! There's 6 more, and 12 overall. So if it was a full game with that many routes it'd take me forever, so imo this is a good strategy.That being said I can't wait for Edo blossoms, hopefully we get it soon!"
,Recommended,589530,34700357,Posted: 2 September,all,Quinloki,"IF YOU PLAY ONLY ONE OTOME, PLAY THIS ONE:This is the game that got me sucked into Otomes. I've played in on the phone, on the DS and on the PS3. Each version has a little something in the extras, but the story stays primarily the same. I love all the little nooks and crannies of extra stuff, and Especially so on the PS3 version.This version stops at the midway point of the game, but that's not a con at all. There's twice as many routes to take and HOURS of stuff to read. Plus, the main story - such as it was in other ports - is expanded on here. There's a few extra bits of dialog and depth sprinkled around that really add to things, and a log of CGs to collect.The second half should come out in the next year or two and I already can't wait for it. I really hope they add the Geisha story line from the PS3 version either as as addon in the meantime, or as part of the second part of the game. Even without the second half of the game there's enough of an ending feeling with this one to not leave one too empty.  The writing is fantastic, the art is on point, and the voice acting - completely redone from other ports - is emotive and beautiful.I can't really list a favorite route for this game, or even an order of favorites. They all have their moments, and I could play any one of them over and over again. I will say, there's no voice acting for the default name, so feel free to roll with whatever. There's a couple name tag glitches when people are talking (it'll show the protag's name instead of the actual person's name) but it happens like 5 times out of the entire game."
76561198114797706,Recommended,589530,34501002,Posted: 26 August,all,mirandayew,I've been a fan of Hakuoki ever since I play the PSP Demon of Fleeting Blossom~ And though there have been others games I didn't have the consoles so I couldn't play them. When I knew Kyoto Winds was coming to PC I knew I would buy it without a doubt. And so many bachelors!!! but kazama will be the one for me always~ I love this game and though this is only 1 part of 2 the amount of replayability is awesome!! hope they'll release the 2nd part too~
76561198352483693,Recommended,589530,34781837,Posted: 6 September,all,TenoshiY,"First of all , does everyone who bought this game face the same problem like mine ? The opening movie keeps on stuck and the song doesn't sync in with the movie ( images shown ) . Overall , I like the remastered game ver and i also look forward for more otome game in steam . Please help me fix my game!!!"
76561198019125779,Recommended,589530,34581023,Posted: 29 August,all,Zotris,My life is over now!Love this game!
76561198043411603,Not Recommended,589530,35110793,Posted: 21 September,all,LadyDessuithiel,"Played the original one.... This one is not very different.... also the game updated, deleted my saves and changed everything to Japanese making me create my character again.... not happy as I was on my 4th route.... and I seem unable to contact anyone for help!"
,Recommended,589530,34481677,Posted: 25 August,all,Taylor,Hakuoki has been one of my favourite visual novels for a long time. The great story and writing draw me in every time I go back to it. I just wish it didn't feel like I was cheating on Saito every time I start a new route.
76561198158720153,Not Recommended,589530,34566882,Posted: 28 August,all,katie.janczak,"Loved the original, like the new stories.....but dissapointed. No finished romance. As much as I love the series, this game was NOT worth it. Idea Factory, I'm quite upst that I wasted the money I love your games, but this is a no. Not even one kiss scene"
76561198058179171,Not Recommended,589530,34842113,Posted: 9 September,all,lady amen,"I really tried to like this game. Truly, the voice acting is the best, the special effects do a lot for the atmosphere and its also nice that the heroine is not the mary sue for a change.But for the fact that there are tons of male characters to choose from, as soon as you played one route you've seen 90% of the game! all the other routes dont feel authentic because you have to fast forward all the time, how is that supposed to make you like the rest of them when everytime something character specific pops up you feel like it was just cut and pasted into the middle of nowhere. The game is literally impossible to play without a walktrough, because it revloves about taking the exact route to end up with the exact guy and any diversion will lead you to nowhere.The worst is the ending, leaving you hanging without any romance WAHTSOEVER. I mean why splitting the game, there were only 2 chapters left???The game is a ripp off in this state without the second half."
76561198379833280,Recommended,589530,34491385,Posted: 25 August,all,moosoe32,"so, is a two-part series and this is only first part of the series"
,Recommended,589530,34926605,Posted: 13 September,all,Ryuunosuke,"It's a really nice storylines, you have to becareful when choosing, because it will decide which route you will be on. For now it's super good for me! I love all the characters and the storylines! :3"
,Recommended,589530,34829962,Posted: 8 September,all,Ice Bear Bitch,"I've been a fan of this series since I first saw the Anime being fansubbed ages ago. I didn't even know it was a game and initially played it just so I could keep certain characters from dying. Honestly I have never been happier with a game series. Kyoto Winds was just what I was expecting, the ""first season"" with new routes, additional contant and beautiful graphics. Even with the hicup at the beginning with getting the game to play. This is one of those games you can get hours and hours and hours out of without feeling like your time is being sucked away.Don't let the fact that it's ""half the game"" fool you. If you have ever watched the anime you're basically playing the first season of the show instead of the second. I have the phone game and the PS3 game so I know exactly where everything is going but I can't wait to get more in depth. I just hope we don't have to wait an entire year to get it."
76561198083457333,Recommended,589530,34915477,Posted: 13 September,all,WillowG,"After Iìve done half the routes in the game, I can say the game is more than valid: I didn't have problems with the game but some small freezing with the entry and ending videos.The characters are well done, the art is very pleasing, and the story interesting. Sadly is only the first half of the game, but there are anyway different endings to every route. And there is the chance to experiment all of them without having to play again the entire game, even if the skip option is present and very usefule in the first chapters, that can be a little repetitive.Hoping to see other Otome games came from the PSVita to Steam!"
76561198353022113,Recommended,589530,35455803,Posted: 3 October,all,Shouko,"OOOOOOO MY GOD! I never thought i'd see the day!  This was great! Please Steam! Give us Edo Blossoms when it comes out!But to be serious, anyone new to Hakuouki might be disappointed for lack of a ""real"" route, as the game ends as they go to Edo (Like the end of the anime's season 1). But those familiar with Hakuouki will be in for a real treat.The art is beautiful, the voice acting's on point, the storyline is solid and the Shinsengumi are BAE.New Characters, New Routes, Routes for characters that already existed but we couldn't romance but now we can. THIS IS A GIFT THATS KEEPS GIVING!!! (For long time fans, no sure about newcomers.)In closing, THIS GAME IS GREAT, PLEASE GIVE US EDO BLOSSOMS, #TEAMYAMAZAKIFORLIFE!!!!!!"
