user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,593900,32720836,Posted: 24 June,all,BinarySplit,"TLC is very interesting take on the '90s meme of associating psychotherapy with the study of repressed sexuality. If you're looking for porn, I'm sorry but you'll mostly be disappointed - there's several scenes of full frontal toplessness, but in context they're actually more disturbing than erotic. But if you're looking for a cheesy ""so bad it's good"" movie with a premise that only would have worked 20 years ago, then it's definitely worth your time.It's basically a movie with a number of completely point-and-click ""explore the house for more information"" sections. They give a bit more insight into the characters, but you wouldn't miss much from skipping them. Playtime is about 4 hours depending on how much of the optional content you read. There's also 8 endings, but you can just watch the movie files for the other endings in the game directory if you want."
,Recommended,593900,31109092,Posted: 12 April,all,elleody,"If you ever fantasized about John Hurt asking you probing questions about your sexuality, I think I might have found the game for you.I was skeptical that this game would hold up for a modern audience, since it appears to be adapted from an old interactive VHS/DVD (from the 90s?). My reservations aside, this game still stands the test of time.The story is solid, and the endings vary enough to where your input clearly had a meaningful effect on what you experience.The graphics are a bit dated, and not all of the actors are entirely believable. That being said, I found myself quickly captivated, and invested. My game had an error halfway through that forced me to restart- After that, I closed and saved after every chapter.So, a bit old, a bit buggy, but all in all- an unexpectedly impressive experience."
76561197993118789,Recommended,593900,33429911,Posted: 10 July,all,nerloch,"Tender Loving Care is a curious interactive experiment of the 90’s, at the time when FMV games were all the craze, that deals with intriguing psychological issues in a deeply flawed way. TLC played with ideas of the loss of the dear ones, depression, sexual identity and repression 4 months before the reverent Silent Hill series even showed up, but it did so in an extremely archaic and limiting way.Created by the ex-members of the Trilobyte team who created the famous 7th Guest and 11th Hour games, Tender Loving Care was another full-motion video game that was designed to play more like a ‘choose your adventure’ type of interactive movie than a classic point and click adventure game. You have 10-minute cutscenes interspersed between short moments where you can walk around the house and listen/read the documents in order to obtain additional insight for the next chapter. In these sections you also take the TAT – Thematic Apperception Test, arguably the most interesting part of the game, and your answers will shape which movie will play next, thus changing the story. You play as the Observer, a player avatar, who is employed by Dr. Turner (played by acting legend John Hurt) to investigate what happened with his former patients, the Overton family. The entire game can be done in 4-5 hours.TLC introduces conscious and subconscious analyzing test with ambiguous images called the TAT, a legitimate tool used by psychiatrists around the world, where story is changed in a manner to assimilate to player’s desires and wishes, as closely as possible. You can keep story and its characters civil and focused, or you can make characters act irrationally and irresponsibly. If you don’t like nudity or you don’t want to tackle with some of the themes of TLC, through TAT you can completely shut these sections out.And this is the first major gripe I have with Tender Loving Care: you don’t have any real control in choosing how this game goes. The story will play out the same, only you will have a slightly different ending and characters will act slightly different. I’ve played most of FMV games and they are my guilty passion, but TLC is just doesn’t have any real choices and things to do. Besides the TAT thing as a “sort of” game mechanic, you could barely call this a game, and that is a shame since the themes dissected in this game are quite interesting. And this comes from someone who loved enjoying so called “walking simulators” as games. Acting is well done overall, but one of the actors who play a crucial character that is dealing with heavy psychological issues delivers rather flat and unconvincing performance, that serves to the detriment of player’s immersion.As an interactive curiosity of the bygone age, Tender Loving Care is decent gaming experience, but it would be much better if it was done as psychological thriller feature movie it truly DESIRES to be. You’ll do fine with TLC, but you can do so infinitely better with Silent Hill games, as well as with an obscured gem called Blackstone Chronicles."
76561198202656069,Recommended,593900,32144420,Posted: 2 June,all,X0rg,"Bought this because I had a flare-up of retro gaming - in particular of 'full motion video' games of the 90's with usually atrociously bad acting and a strange mesh of low quality video together with pre-rendered 3D graphics that just makes me wonder - ""Man, has my perception of special effects and movies changed over the years or what...""Got the 7th guest and the 11th hour, looked for Clandestiny (couldn't find it) and then after a Google search found out that one of the Trilobyte guys (Rob Landeros) went on (after the demise of Trilobyte) to make another FMV game called Tender Loving Care which starred none other than John Hurt (Elephant Man, 1984, Rob Roy, V for Vendetta and others) (May he rest in peace..).Wow - I thought; this I have to see...The late great John Hurt's acting is good, and the acting of Beth Tegarden isn't too bad... good enough to invoke both naughty and nice thoughts about the character at least. As for the others... meh... but maybe the story is more to blame than they are.. dunno... I'm not an actor.. (but I wouldn't want to be a 90's FMV game actor I think..)Story is well... odd... but then so are (parts) of the stories of the 7th Guest and 11th Hour in my opinion.. Won't spoil that - but if you're into / feeling nostalgic / want to find out about - 80's, 90's movies and culture - get the game and find out about the story.As for the game.. well.. it's more of an interactive story book where choices lead to different endings (not unlike the ""visual novel"" games that are released these days) - no puzzles, no interactivity other than participating in the ""virtual psychology tests"" called ""TAT's"" in the game which lead to different endings. The game is supposed to give you a summary of your psychological state afterwards, but that didn't work on myplaythrough for some reason. Too bad, that's the part I was looking most forward to.I found myself thinking all too often: How is a person not to come out of this test as either a psychopath or a total conformist... but then it's a game and an old one at that.. so no way of (intelligently) programming open questions and answers into the game. But I never did get to see the result so... guess I won't know :( :DOn the whole: if you're into ""retro games"" - then this belongs in your collection. If you're looking for a serious adventure game with a compelling story and lots of replay value - then don't.I'm a bit of a collector with a pinch of ""I'll play this some day"" and a dash of ""save it for posterity (even if it's bad, at least we can look and go haha...)"" - so I got the game and would recommend it for like-minded people."
76561198195918109,Recommended,593900,31006081,Posted: 7 April,all,valentin_daruvar,"So, what is TLC? I know, I know, not that one :)This one is about one family who lost baby in car accident. The wife ended up totally nuts and the husband was barely functioning. They needed help. And help arrived in a form of a hot milf nurse.Story goes on, goes totaly crazy, and behind the story the sexual affair with that nurse was unfolding. That story behind story takes over the main one and before you realize, you will be more focused on watching naughty scenes with nurse, than on the real tragedy behind. When I say naughty, I mean soft softcore..The game is fully filmed and it is made like old school adventure. I remember playing Spycraft long long time ago... Well, back to the TLC game - It is psyhological mess, drama and not for everyone. However, the MILF nurse makes it worth playing it.  There is so often certain quiz focusing on sexuality and deviant behaviour. I do not see what is the actual point of the quiz.Summary: Old school film style game with drama film genre as main theme + sexual attraction and infidelity theme on the other hand. Short and sweet. Ends like a B movie, B movie with beautiful actres whose flirtatious behaviour will stick in your mind for a long time.Worht a buy? Since the price is nearly free - I would say yes.-----In Christ we Trust"
76561198098786439,Recommended,593900,33549153,Posted: 14 July,all,Daddy Duncan,"Tender Loving Care is a game that relies on consistent fmv cutscenes to relay the story. I have not played many other 90's fmv games, but there is a certain charm to it that cannot be recreated with other stylistic choices. Maybe it is the fact that it is an older game or maybe it is because watching people act both physically and vocally compared to traditional voice acting, I don't know for sure. Most of my positive feelings towards the game have been expressed in other reviews, so instead of being generic I will relay my personal favorite parts of the game in no particular order.The multiple endings to this game are all entertaining in their own regard and increase replay ability. I have not completed all of them but the ones I have I really enjoyed. I understand if someone were to not want to replay the game for a different ending, but digging through the game files reveals all the videos for each ending. It is a little cheap to do but allows for knowledge of what could have happened. In my personal opinion, this is way better than a multiple-ending game like telltale.The in-between scenes where the player goes around either the house or the doctor's office add to the charm of the characters and do a good job at better explaining some actions that may seem irrational in-game. You can go around the rooms to talk to the characters and read their thoughts in journals. My personal favorite is Michael's thoughts written down in his journal. At times, it can be very funny when it is not meant to be, but for the most part is frustration and stories of his past are worth your time. The story is noCitizen Kanebut enjoyable if you don't take it too seriously.This is probably the funniest part of the game for me. While the game is meant to be serious, some of the lines in the game are just flat out funny. Whether is is over-acting or it is a bad line in the script, I found various quotes entertaining. Here is a list of my favorites:""Yeah everything is just god damn wonderful [...] I don't need your help [...] Don't you have something to do?""""What on earth are you doing?"" (This is said after one character falls down a set of stairs)""She sent me out for pizza and ORGANIC URBAL SHAMPOO! SHE'S A CRAZY WOMAN!!""This doesn’t mean that it makes the game bad, in fact it made it more enjoyable for meOverall, this game was a blast and I would recommend it to any person who is willing to sit down for a good story. Get this game during a sale because the $5.99 may not be worth it for some. Just turn off your mind and relax to this fmv gem of the past."
,Not Recommended,593900,31110962,Posted: 12 April,all,Lone_Runner,Very interesting story and all but there are times when I can't click on any of the options and basically have to restart the game. But if that were fixed I would definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,593900,34419423,Posted: 22 August,all,Caesar,"The only reason I bought this game was because it has John Hurt in the cast, so regardless of the mixed reviews I told myself that I'll get some fun of it and boy it was a hell of a ride.The game is not your typical 90s FMV point and click, it's more like an interactive movie. The best way to describe it is a movie cut into a number of chapters and after each chapter you get to interact with the props and objects in the place where the movie takes part to uncover more about the story. Once you finish interacting you move to the TAT part which is where John Hurt asks you a bunch of questions, some are personal and some are about the characters in the story and after it you get a short profiling of your personality and you move to the next chapter.The game revolves around the subject of psychotherapy and most particularly sexual disorders, We rarely see these type of serious subjects in games but since it's an interactive movie then this subject feels in place. TLC talks about Psychotherapy in a way that was extremely interesting for me and it did satisfy my curiosity.The movie part: A well acted and directed scenes, nothing over the top but you can consider it like a good 90s drama movie that you'll watch one or two times. I will not dive into the story but it was interesting for me yet after finishing half of the game it start to make no sense at all and it shifts to being more funny than mysterious.The interaction part: This is the section where you are going to spend most of the time playing this game. You are free to move between the rooms of the house where the story takes place in. You can read the diaries of the characters which will reveal more about their personalities, you can watch TV, listen to radio shows or even read books. All these things that you can read, listen or watch are related to psychology and sex. A radio show features callers talk about their fetishes and case files that contain sessions with patients that are sex addicts and books that deals with voyeurism in paintings, these are extremely well written that I believe that they are real cases.The weakest part of exploration is the soundtrack. It's not even a soundtrack it's more like short looped 30 seconds music with low sound volume. At times it becomes so annoying when you are reading pages and pages of a book and there is nothing you can hear, I reached a point where I Alt+Tabbed just to play some music on YouTube to keep me going.The Survey part (TAT): This is the section where you answer questions like: what does the women in this painting feels or what is your opinion about abortion or do you think that Michael (a character in the game) is trustworthy. Your answers will determine what ending you will get from the 8 endings the game has, but as the userBinarySplitspecified; There is a chance that you will get a random ending which is not so good to hear if you are trying to get a good one.After finishing the TAT and move to the next chapter you get some profiling of your personality. If you answer all questions honestly you will get some accurate analysis but it will surely miss at some.In general; I enjoyed Tender Loving Care and to think that there was such game experiments back in the 90s is fascinating especially when the game was made as best as possible back then or so I think so. Only get this game if you are interested in psychology."
,Recommended,593900,31691945,Posted: 11 May,all,Zalor,"This game was a sleeper hit for me.  I did not expect to care about anything besides the hot chicks in it, and the fact that sometimes they get naked in the videos.  After the story began to take shape, I was far more interested in the story and what exactly was going on with the group of insane characters you somehow watch and walk among along with John Hurt.Just in case you were not aware, as I was not, you can press the butterfly button (known as the Reality Check) and press Profile.  This is where John Hurt writes his observations about you specifically, based on your answers.  I thought that was pretty cool, and I missed out on it my first time playing through.  Now I'm gonna do it again and see how much crazier I can get this story to turn out.The way the answers you give can directly change some of the elements of the story kind of reminds me of how Until Dawn went on to do it later, with things like saying you have a fear of clowns leading to clowns being injected into the scene.  This game is a bit more subtle than that, though.I should also point out that I discovered what it is that had me so enthralled, and that is it was made by the same people who did 7th Guest and 11th Hour.  I grew up playing those, and they were very awesome.  This game has a familiar feel to it, and I recognized it before I ever looked that information up.  The way you whip around the house is sort of spooky at times, expecting ghosts to pop out or be waiting for you.  Some of the ambient sound or music in the rooms can invoke some serious tension or dread, as well (I'm looking at you, Jody's Room).All in all, well worth your time and well worth the small price.  Great game, and I experienced zero technical issues with it."
,Recommended,593900,32051973,Posted: 29 May,all,emerson.romero,"I loved it, this was all an interactive experience, for me is like a fresh twist in a world of shooting games.Beware, this is for a very mature taste, this is not a videogame, is an interactive movie with multiple endings according to the choices you make during the ride."
,Recommended,593900,33480492,Posted: 12 July,all,Red Steel,"Erotic Interactive Noval in other words just plain awesome. As you progress during the game. You have series of questions after each scene. I.e. ""How do you feel about the picture"" or ""Who do you think was right during the situatione after each secne. It's a great game. More than worth it.on a muti choice ot going to do much"" I was blown back as sexually interesting the game can get. It starts off very slow. It becomes very erotic and very hot as you play the game. The choices lead to interesting replays. A great game. It's very psychological the way it gets you answer questions."
,Recommended,593900,31460026,Posted: 30 April,all,HeinzHarald,"A lot better than the sum of its parts. Simplistic gameplay and some weak acting, but the storytelling techniques are some of the most interesting I've seen making for an enjoyable experience.I had the UI freeze up once. Other than that it worked without a hitch all the way through."
76561198141804718,Recommended,593900,32899261,Posted: 27 June,all,blood 1504,"This game made me think about  the  1980's When  i used to go to the video tape store to rent movies .  If I looked  at the  film description on the rental box If   instead of  talking about the move's  story  within the first couple of lines . It talked about some famous actor they  had in the film . The  famous actor would have a  walk on part   I would rent it on sale   the  sale's pitch for this product is similar   quote from the store page.Starring the acclaimed British actor, and 2-time Oscar nominee, John Hurt (Contact, Love and Death on Long Island, Elephant Man)  .game playYou watch  A  2 to 10 min  movie clip   after which you can click around the virtual house   to get  text and audio clues as to what each character is thinking . then you take the thematic appreciation test to move the story forward . and how the movie plays  out is supposed to depend upon how you answer the questions on  the test .nudity and sexualityIf your looking for a lot of nudity and sexuality here you will be disappointed there is about  5 min at the most of nudity . most of which is the  nurse  showing her breast.I recommend purchase on sale anything over  $162 I think is to much to pay for this .  As at least for me it had very little replay value due to most of the movie scenes being repetitive and similar"
,Not Recommended,593900,34268146,Posted: 15 August,all,"""Bob"" the Space Cadet","Tender Loving Care is more movie than game. Answer some questionnaires, and the ""game"" will show you the next part of the movie that it has determined someone with your type of mind would want to see. It sounds like a good idea on paper, but the ""game"" is executed so poorly, starting with the fact that it's essentially an interactive moviethat you cannot watch in full screen(even with alt+enter).The problem I found with the whole ""showing you what you want to see"" deal is that there only appear to be three different endings, and all the scenes in between have only very slight variations. On top of this, after browsing through the video files in the game's directory, it seemed I was presented with the version I would have been least likely to choose, so ""what would you like to see so-and-so do"" would have been much more appropriate than the pseudo-psychiatric nonsense that is actually used.In between the cringe-worthy movie clips and seemingly pointless questions, you get to ""explore"" the house, in a very limited way and interacting with a very limited set of objects, which quickly becomes a tedious chore.The one saving grace I was really hoping for was that by the end of -Tender Loving Care, it would have built a detailed psychological profile on me. Instead it said I was a weirdo, regurgitated a couple of the answers I gave, and suggested I try acupuncture."
76561198159865004,Not Recommended,593900,34820329,Posted: 8 September,all,netasmail,"It seemed interesting. Not too much of a gameplay but the video production was decent.Unfortunately, I can't continue this game, It becomes unresponsive every time and i have to lose all of my progress.Not recommended."
,Recommended,593900,31018600,Posted: 8 April,all,SokK,John Hurt asked me how I usually play with myself and if I ever wanted to have sex with my dog... and somehow I felt weirdly aroused.
,Recommended,593900,33156218,Posted: 2 July,all,Terrien,This was interesting.
76561198093405783,Recommended,593900,31004925,Posted: 7 April,all,FoxyInTheShadows,"Intelligent,intriguing,suspense. Love the movie/game combination. Want more games to be like this one. Fun to play and answer all the questions."
76561198040182533,Recommended,593900,31118815,Posted: 13 April,all,ochoen,I think it's a great game. I'm a fan of FMV games and it's one of the best.
76561198188927953,Recommended,593900,32848108,Posted: 27 June,all,masti_tom,"I just finished this game and got this for $1.84 in Nz dollars steam site during June special and it is a 90's game as most fmv games made during that time had known actors or people who were not known in most games, this one has John Hurt from Elephant man film. I got the ending where the nurse survives and takes the place of jody as she got knocked out down stairs, and the way I played did show more nude scenes not hard out so depending on options there maybe some nudity or very little of the women being half nude.The game does deal with survivour gulit as the couple have lost a child in a crash and the wife still thinks the daughter is alive, and sad to see she does not do things herself, and noticed the nurse helped her out better than the doctor and husband. I have not had any issues and would recommend buying it on a sale as may not be worth the full price and the game does save automtically which is  good thing."
76561198255229029,Recommended,593900,31552321,Posted: 4 May,all,KND2501,"Tender Loving Care a.k.a. Crazy Mental Batshit Women...Is it a game? Not really, it's an interactive movie divided in several chapters allowing you to explore the environment in wich the story is unfolding.TLC is a psychological thriller with hooters. The erotic themes form a background onto wich the main storyline is displayed. The emphasis lies on the psychological aspect of the story, so be prepared for a for some serious mindfuggin.It's not for everyone, you have to be a little deprived to enjoy it, I liked it all the way trough and would decribe the ending as very very satisfying...Also I played this game with the Borderless Gaming app, worked like a charm. Try it if you get this."
,Not Recommended,593900,33877251,Posted: 29 July,all,gavweb123,my god i played alot of game from the 1990s but not all of them are as baddly constructed as this even the story from time to time has alot of contradictions and gets realy realy confusing one minute their friends then enemy then friends then enemys and i will grant there are multiple endings but still even with the investegative nature of the gameplay the story was riddled with plot holes.personal rating 2/10 and that me being generous
,Not Recommended,593900,31180589,Posted: 16 April,all,Greg,"Unplayable in its current state. Maybe one day that will change, but that seems unlikely."
,Not Recommended,593900,31161455,Posted: 15 April,all,Calavera,"Hands down, the worst game ever."
,Recommended,593900,34986213,Posted: 15 September,all,Ron AF Greve,"Back around 1995 I saw a review of this title and actually the verdict was inconclusive. I wondered then why the reviewer could not say why it was good or bad. When I could finally buy it after 20 years or so it was an instabuy for me.Note that I will call it a 'title' since I don't have a better word for it since it is neither game or a movie.I now understand it is hard to recommend it or not. You can't say it is a game, there are no puzzles or anything. At the time and somewhat before that Philips invented the CD-I (interactive CD) the promise of that was that you could now determine the outcome of a movie and I think that best describes this title.Basically you see FMV (Full Motion Video (or in todays speak, just video)) sequences with some exploration and questions in between. Supposedly the questions change which movies will play next. I am not sure if the answers to the questions actually do that or the sequences are just random. There are different outcomes if I compare my ending to other reviewers (it ended badly in my playthrough).The exploration is simple. There are a view items in a house and you can click on them and mostly read and view some pictures and make up your mind what happened. Also there are some psychological tests in between. Once you have taken a test you get look at a review of yourself which usually consists of some answers you gave and some silly advice (then again it advised me to drink ginger and that is actually what I always put in my tea so maybe there is something to it :-)  ).Being an old game there are borders and even the taskbar (on windows 10) showing at all times if you don't do anything special (which I didn't).Oddly enough, while this doesn't sound like much fun and seems (and acutally is sometimes) a bit tedious, I found myself playing this title all the way to the end in pretty much one go. The power of it is that you are always keep asking yourself 'what's next'.I now understand why the review I read so long ago was vague. If you are open to something new that is different from anything else and are ok with the not so stellar graphics/videos (but still recognizable) then this might be something you would like the play.Note, there is some nudity so if you feel offended by that don't buy.If they still have the original footage and it has a higher resolution it would benefit greatly from a remake (no borders, screen filling video and maybe a more detailed house (which should be not so difficult to do with todays powerful 3D software/workstations).In the end I recommend it as a curiousity from a different age."
