user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197971196625,Recommended,594570,35258037,Posted: 28 September,all,Hexen,"I have been a Warhammer fan since I was 7. As a kid in the mid 90's the amazing world of Warhammer Fantasy was simply out of my reach financially. I had about 20 pewter models and they were not even painted, but boy did I cherish them. I would stare at the big Games Workshop catalog in awe, dreaming of commanding armies in lush battlefields.In Total War: Warhammer I got to play out my childhood dreams of this.The world map is massive, and as a 40k fan at heart I admit to my ignorance of the New World locales. The launch playable races are the Lizardmen,Dark Elves,High Elves, and the Skaven. Each of these four factions has two different leaders to choose from as of today on September 28, 2017.The large amount of quests,missions, and side story content (Some of which is voice acted) is very nice albit a little confusing at times. Currently only Vortex mode is out but I believe a sandbox style map will be available in the future.Unit animations are clearly a step up from the previous title and is quite pleasant to look at during the Chaos of battle. My only gripe so far is the strange AA effect on the trees in the world map regardless of the setting. (Which is FXAA, MSAA 2x/4x)Siege battles, which were nortoriously laggy on Warhammer 1 seem to be much improved and considerably better looking than the first. I even saw some background pillars and arches fall down during the melee fighting underneath them in an Elven city.My GPU is a 1080, and my CPU is a mid-range 4690k@4.6Ghz and I pull around 100fps on the world map, and about a solid 80 in battles. Of course this is with everything on Ultra and 4x MSAA @ 1080p.I really enjoyed the first title, and so far I'm really enjoying this followup."
76561198128195602,Recommended,594570,35282534,Posted: 28 September,all,Moregaze,"I really wish there was a better ranking system than Thumbs Up or Thumbs Down from these.  The game is a great expansion on the original TWW.  However, all the new and bright shiny things don't take away from the core problems with the series as a whole and introduces a few new ones.   The long list of grievances will be in bullet point format.*  Building an empire with an ally is still very limited.  Let them grow with you and they will never confederate despite you being over 200 rating with them and being 10+ ranks lower than you.*  The new mechanic added is absolute nightmare if you want to do more than sit in a small territory playing spread sheet simulator (aka Romance of the 3 Kingdoms).  The first couple rituals are not bad but, after the third they spawn massive 20 stack armies in random spots all over your empire and go on a rampage attacking the most obscure outposts that have nothing to do with the channeling event.  The worst part is you can see how the factions that need to do the hiring are losing out and are definitely not sitting on a stockpile of gold (10K to be able to summon such twinked out armies).*  There still is no way to broker territory exchanges between allies.  Leaving both people with half completed regions.*  The game is too massive in map size (hard time calling it a con as it feels great exploring it). Though it will leave you infighting amongst your own race more than you will even encounter any of the others.  Minus some small incursions here and there.  Except during the channeling ritual.*  Garrisons in cities cannot defend lands they are protecting.  Despite them now being 20 stack armies when a chain is fully walled and upgraded.*  Allied AI bee lines for objectives you need for campaign when they can not even participate. The resources for the channeling ritual are not shared between allies, which I can't wait for amod to fix.*  The worst by far.  20 Stack to win.  There really needs to be a pacing mechanic in which everyone (player and AI) cannot field 20 stack armies until later in the game.  Until perhaps they conquered enough territories to support a massive military complex.  As it stands its whoever has the most 20 stacks is rank one and can auto resolve to victory.  Even adding a mechanic of supply and replacement lines would greatly counter this.  Assigning these routes could allow  for local recruitment bonuses at the front and allow weaker nations to contribute to war efforts by disrupting them with smaller armies in skirmish based scenarios.TLDR - Mods are needed to make this a great game.  As it stands CA did a great job expanding on the TWW universe.  While mods will be needed to make the game truly enjoyable as a game about waging war (much like all their titles).  While drifting further into spreadsheet simulator in some enjoyable ways yet, they unfortunately don't add to the war experience.  Instead detracting from it."
,Recommended,594570,35261634,Posted: 28 September,all,LawAbidingBear,"My man-thing boss was angry! YES-YES! Want know why me no go to work today! No-no, me tells him, me stay home. Me grow clan Pestilens. Man-thing boss ANGRY. MAN-THING BOSS SAY ME FIRED. Now me watch-wait... When time right, me kill-kill man thing boss. MAKE HIM BOW TO SKAVEN! YES-YES!"
,Recommended,594570,35267774,Posted: 28 September,all,vippsam,As of this review the games been out for around 11 hours. I've played 10 hours. It's now 4am and I'm finally heading to bed. I'll let that speak for itself.
,Recommended,594570,35259714,Posted: 28 September,all,IrishRook,"I'm both a massive Games Workshop fan and massive Total War fan. I loved Warhammer 1. I played several campaigns and countless hours of multiplayer battles. But Warhammer 2... Has blown me away!Graphics:-Looks much better than the first game in both battle and campaign maps, Even units from the first game look better!-It runs much smoother even on launch than the first game. Im getting 80+ fps in large battles on the highest settings where as I only got just above 60 fps in the original.Gameplay:-A lot of unit variety, More then the first game had at launch.-Army movement in battle feels more satisfying, Factions all feel unique in how they play in both battles and campaign.-They have added some nice new features to the campaign such as rites, treasure and of course the Vortex!-Campaign map is massive. Im 60 turns in on my Dark Elf Campaign and I still haven't explored more then 10% of it!Sound:-Music is great, Voice acting is amazing.Overall I am shocked with how good this game is. I was expecting it to be just a new map and factions and everything else to be pretty much the same as WH TW 1 but they have expanded the game quite a bit and its definitely worth the price tag. I can't wait for more DLC races and of course the Mortal Empires map which will combine both maps and factions of Warhammer 1 & 2. It will be amazing!!"
76561198035391503,Recommended,594570,35267746,Posted: 28 September,all,lagrie,"Total War : Warhammer 2After putting 492 hours into Total War : Warhammer, i can safely say that TW:W is not only the best total war game, but that it also is becomming every Warhammer Fantasy fan his ""wet dream"". This is the BEST warhammer game franchise on the market.The races are really well implemented.The lore is shown trough amazing new starting scenes.The battles feel like WarhammerThe units look like figures come to life.The new world looks PERFECT.Graphics are great.Gameplay feels (just like the first game) flued.As its predecessor, TW:W2 shines with the races, how they play, and how you play them.The amount of content is (again) outstanding.I can NOT wait for the combined map, for the quick/online battles with the old world races.CA has done an outstanding job with this franchise.As i said, this is a warhammer fantasy fan's wet dream. GET IT.Enjoy the game !""Skaven? Rats on two legs? heresy !!!!""Sorry for the bad english."
76561197993209762,Recommended,594570,35280304,Posted: 28 September,all,Foxrun,"I have over 300 hundred hours in the first game.  I thought the first one was excellent.  However, after 11 hours into the second my opinion on the first has changed.  Warhammer 2 has improved in all aspects from the first game to the extent that Warhammer 1 is bad.  I spent over 300 hours in the first game and cant possibly ever see myself going back.  This is how you do a sequel, thank you CA.  I look forward to mortal empires and the end of the triology."
,Recommended,594570,35360200,Posted: 30 September,all,red,looks like good total war games are back on the menu boys
76561198040164154,Recommended,594570,35413237,Posted: 2 October,all,INU,"3 days, 45 hours in and still going on and on....To sum it up compare to the first WARHAMMER- Solid sequel- Lots of improvement- Better UI- Great campaign (a lot better)- Magic is finally what it should have been in the first one, here we can see a mage take on the whole army with a single spell.- Also if you look at them enough, lizardmen are kinda cute.Total War: WARHAMMER II is what all the fan ever asked for from the first WARHAMMER."
,Recommended,594570,35263528,Posted: 28 September,all,Okanehira,"""Builds on everything was good with first game and throws in a ton more""Some bullet points:-Runs fantastic, seems really well optimised, and I own every other TW game and have tested on this system.-Really great tutorial for begginers, guides you step by step then takes the stablisers off at a set point.-A lot more ""colourful"" maps and units.-A huge map with very distinct areas.-Four very different races to start with, they all look and play very differently.I may edit this later with more thoughs/negatives but so far its a very polished/larger version oif the first Warhammer game."
,Recommended,594570,35407385,Posted: 2 October,all,Defiant Heretic,"Total War in its finest. Oh, really?This is the second installment of the trilogy that envelops the world of Warhammer to Total War franchise. And CA is doing a marvellous job so far. The game learned from the past mistakes and remedy things that were wierd, wrong or just uncovinient but there are also matters that are still the same pain and anguish like in previous titles.Overall, the game feels already like an improvement, valued datadisc of old times (where datadiscs were distributed on CD's and had been worked on for years, promised a lot of content) and proper DLC rather than a separate new game. This is exactly it, a big addition to concept from Warhammer 1. Warhammer II is a just more enjoyable to play, offers a new big map and overall portrays a much better characterization than the earlier title. The in-game cinematics are just bliss for a fan of Warhammer. The promise of the combined campaign (Mortal Empires) and/or a more like sandbox mode is most intriguing  and I sincerely hope it will be implemented in full.Some of the issues remained, as mentioned before: the long loading times, the DLC policy (so damn MANY times cried about in the forum section), somewhat clueless AI if you come with some cheesy or un-standart strategy, early release optimalization issues, siege battles (personally I don't really complain that loud about sieges, HERETIC I know)In conclusion, the game is solid and if you liked previous game, this one is for you with an extra sauce. Also, all three parts of the trilogy should be combined to some degree. This naturally goes with more troubles - game engine must remain the same as well the optimalization must go insane (to work with so many data even on mediocre rig)Dissclaimer:You don't like fantasy or price tag on this Total War game? Don't buy it then, wait for the next historic title (already work in progress) or wait for sale. Easy. Abolition of this theme would make your money related ""game"" review less dumb ;) Also considering amount of content, licensing of GW (damn pricy) and not copy-paste factions than in historic ones,  I can fairly understand they want to make some dime out of it. Quality is there people! I got my worth of AAA title in literally hundreds hours of gameplay. Which other franchise can offer me that? Which other can make Warhammer world live?+ Storyline. New and original game win objective as well the cinematics, that goes with it.+ General gameplay. Smooth action, newbie friendly with proper step-by-step tutorial.+ Great graphic. Early release could use more optimalization though.+ Campaign and enviroments. More shipping action and treasures in the sea!+ New races. Playable lizardmen, skavens, high elves and dark elves - for two faction lords each + races from WH1 (as minor AI factions and hopefully fully implemented on combined map). Also new races have all some twist th+ New lores of magic.+ A lot of changes - thankfuly to more good than worse (level 40 cap, more unique skill trees for legendary lords, you don't deploy your heroes to get passive bonuses etc. etc.)+ CA listened to community and modders - plenty of stuff obviously tweaked by community or inspired by popular mods+ Battle maps. More variety of features in enviroment when you fight+ FLC. Free updates and content to come.+- DLC policy. New content - addition, extra things. You don't really have to own them to enjoy it (your game, AI will have new faction/lords/units etc. anyway) but its expected for game to have fair amount of these!+- Same game engine but more polished. Its obvious though that this is needed for compability of trilogy- Early release version of game optimalization- Siege battles (yeah, yeaht, this old rant again)9,5/10""Queek is the best! Queek wish to kill green-things and beard-things! Queek wish to drink their blood and rip their flesh! Queek do this for Gnawdwell. This is what Gnawdwell wants, yes-yes?"""
,Recommended,594570,35259126,Posted: 28 September,all,☾☢☽Mutant Mariachi,They had rats.I had dinosaurs.How the f**k do rats beat dinosaurs??
76561198059457598,Recommended,594570,35318980,Posted: 29 September,all,Torrim,An improvement on the first game. The first game was fantastic.
76561198118579358,Recommended,594570,35261519,Posted: 28 September,all,Tyrion_Lord_Imp,"So tired of watching the noble High Elves getting their asses kicked in pre-release streams and trailers? No longer! The time has come for the most glorious and divine of all races to finally assert their supremacy, we shall cleanse all the filth whose barbarity and sacrileges we have tolerated for far too long, and return them to their proper place, i.e beneath our boots!Enjoy your conquest with everything you love about Warhammer 1, plus improved graphics (much sharper looking units and amazing lighting), additional gameplay elements revolving around the Vortex, a gigantic new map, and of course, a huge dose of Asuryan glory and the coolest & shinnest units you've ever seen!"
76561197970016526,Recommended,594570,35466747,Posted: 4 October,all,Dmu,"Improvement over TW:Warhammer in every way.  Campaign is really satisfying to progress through keeps you playing endlessly in the 'just one more turn' kind of way. The new vortex win mechanic is a blast. Puts pressure on you to not only complete missions but to expand, capture key locations, forge alliances and intervene in other races progress. That being said you can't just abandon your homelands either or you might end up paying the chaos price. Makes for some interesting decisions.Played through as dark elfs and fufilled my game of thrones fantasy of having 3 dragons in one army. I'd like to see more races come in and probably could have done with 2 more in the base game but still a great time.The map itself feels absolutely massive, just kept on giving. The layout was clearly inspired by earth but thats not a bad thing. I also enjoy the weather/habitable mechanic because it makes you stop and consider other options then just purely brute forcing & capturing everything in sight."
76561198006671235,Recommended,594570,35308552,Posted: 29 September,all,nye447,"Just finished my first campaign and absolutely loved it, the map is HUGE and way to much to conquer! It means you cant just blob your armies in the geneal direction of an enemy as you are surrounded by potential foes that you need to be ready to counter.The vortex aspect is fun and new, make sure you have full stacks at and near the cities that channel the spell as you will get destroyed by the massive stacks of angry rats who have taken a particularly large dislike to your shiny tower!Game was extremely stable, no crashes, graphics are lovely and battles/world seems extremely smooth - game seems well balanced for the most part, either spam cheap units or if you have an economy of kings get the dragon air force rolling for giggles!AI seems more stable as well in the way that it seems to do less ludicrously stupid stuff and generally wont just randomly declare war and then peace back and forth for 10 turns.Skaven can ambush anywhere any time it seems like, even a army seiging - so when you first encounter them you might get destroyed until you realise the sneaky rats are indeed.... sneaky... even when their commander is riding around in A GIANT MOUNTED GODDAM BELL.""Hey Tirion, you hear that bell?""""Must be one of those forest bell trees mate""""I ... dont think those are real""""It'll be fine""*everyone dies*Also treasure is EXTREMELY helpful  - if there is a lot around you just get a lord and go grab all of it, can get crazy good army buffs and anywhere from 1500-10k gold so make sure you collect it like your life depends on it!Exploring ruins is now an option - but after about 10-15 i got absolutely nothing so im not sure if its worth doing. Would quite like to see quests for exceptional items from treasure or looted cities to give a nice side objective for something cool.All in all extremely fun with loads of replayability, dinosaurs next because theres nothing better than a dinosaur with a spear riding a bigger dinosaur."
,Recommended,594570,35345686,Posted: 30 September,all,daddy,"Yup this is a good oneCompared to TWW1 there has been some nice streamlining. For example you dont have to deploy heroes anymore, their passive effect works even when embedded (so always embed them!). Similarly, city management isn't as much of a pain anymore. The best setup is easily seen and you have a bit more liberty with what you build.I would recommend waiting a bit until the TWW1 combined campaign is in there, also the blood DLC (free if you have it for part 1) is out. These things come in the next weeks.Game world feels much more alive (and less laggy) than in TWW1. Content is certainly more than in launch of the prequel already, but if 4 playable races aren't enough for you, wait for a GOTY."
,Recommended,594570,35388443,Posted: 1 October,all,EpyonComet,Bought the game for the dinosaurs.Was not disappointed.10/10 would kill and eat the Elves again.
,Recommended,594570,35289244,Posted: 29 September,all,Emiya Muljomdao,You can have dinosaurs.You can have dinosaurs that ride bigger dinosaurs.Those dinosaurs can cast magic11/10 Possibly the best Total War game
76561198252240464,Recommended,594570,35356733,Posted: 30 September,all,Will,A returning total war fan and this game is perfect. 10/10
76561197988492814,Recommended,594570,35403872,Posted: 1 October,all,dazdavis,"I am knocking on 50 now and have played warhammer table top. I have also been a fan of the Totalwar games since they first came out and have played every title. The Warhammer link up was long over due, the first title was good but this sets a new bench mark and I am looking forward to the big campaign launch.It looks beautiful, plays seamlessly and brings the Warhammer world to life without the endless hours of figure painting! As both a Warhammer fantasy fan and a Totalwar fan this game is excellent and I am waiting for updates and DLC with baited breath. Warhammer cried out for Totalwar, they compliment each other so well. I love zooming right in to heart of the fight, watching the dragon fire do its thing, pity I can't afford enough armies with all dragons in!I have finally united the High Elves and am having to fight of those damn evil kin, along with pirates, chaos incursions and whatever else. The beautiful isles will remain just that. TO WAR!"
76561198006510461,Recommended,594570,35306710,Posted: 29 September,all,Blood Claw,"Simply Awesome ..... 9/10This is my new favourite Total war to date and I have played them all for at least 300 hours and must of spent about 1000 in rome 1 .....NEW TO TOTAL WAR?Total War: Warhammer 2 is like every other Total war game you build up your settlements and armies in a turn based strategy map.Then take to the battle map to control your armies in real time battles where you can zoom right in and watch each elf fight to the bitter end or zoom out for mass control just moving icons across the map.THE GOODOk lets start this review by comparing it to warhammer 1If you played warhammer 1 this game is alot like it in almost every way BUT it improved on everything slightly. So that the over all the game is ALOT better.The improvments across the board are all small and nice like the improvments to the user interface, a better tutorial for new players and so on but all those litle things add up and take the game to a whole new level.There is slight improvements to the graphics and optimisation over total war 1 but the maps both (battle and campaign) are so detailed they feel vastly superior.Even things that I thought warhammer 1 did an outstanding job on such as the faction diversity has been taken to a whole new level with this game.Magic feels powerful this time around with my mage being the top killer in some of my battles.Lords and heroes have ALOT more skills to pick from and I am not just wanting to spam the red skills for the army wide buffs. With the increased level cap you also have more points to spend and really flesh out and customize you characters. There is also a new skill to make you high level lords come back just like named characters so no more greiving when you lose that hero that has been with you since the start.The vortex campaign is pure bliss. You can play it sandbox like all good old fashoned total wars or a hybrid sandbox-story where you are fighting to take control of the vortex in a race with the other main factions to complete your rituals and claim victory in an epic ultimate battle to win the campaign.The new cinematic style is epic. It really works with the warhammer world as its always been full of top notch art work and the cinematics here really bring it to life and tell a story unlike anything we have seen in a total war before.THE BADThere was slight improvments to sieges but I would still say that there have been better siege battles in older historical total war games. This is the only reason I give this game a 9 instead of a 10Want to see gameplay before you buy ?Pop over to my channel here:https://www.youtube.com/user/SWBloodClawor here is the first part of my current Lets Play'shttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uv2CG9rsF5Qhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RICWo9NwP88"
,Recommended,594570,35257056,Posted: 28 September,all,Space Lobster,"Very good so far, runs incredible compared to the first one. Map is more entertaining to look aat as well. The units in battle look great, better than I expected"
76561197966721701,Recommended,594570,35398434,Posted: 1 October,all,Father Ribs,"This is a quick review from a few hours of play.I've been a Total War player since the original Shogun 17 years ago, and have played every game in the series hundreds of hours except Napoleon, and also have been playing Games Workshop games since the 80s.  I say this so you understand I'm coming from a place with a decent understanding of the lore and the mechanics of everything to this point.  I have only played a High Elf campaign to date, so gameplay will vary if choosing another race.Complexity:  Hrm.  Pro - so much more to do, no more ""cookie cutter"" provinces.  New strategic considerations, rituals, multiple types of currency for political actions, recruiting superior lords, perform minor buffing rituals, major buffing rituals.  Politics much more interesting and ability to adjust politics directly with political currency...even between 3rd party nations!  Finally you can work for peace or provoke war with others!  UI change:  You can pause while watching AI turn, thanks for that!  Looks improved.  So many excellent additions and modifications, a giant map...excellent game.  Minor armies, mercenary forces, hordes all randomly pop up, you can search for treasure across the sea or in ruined settlements...so many things to do!Cons:  Ugh.  Diplomacy and strategic map are not readable.  Until you recognize the coat of arms of nations, you will not be able to single out nations via map (as well as alternating between leader name and nation name when it comes to indicating ownership.  Colors for ownership are too subtley different to distinguish.  Compare strategic view of Rome/Attilla and this game and you'll see it's a downgrade...perhaps a fault of having so many minor powers in a small area.Tutorial is going to be very boring to an experienced player, but I don't know if there is an interum level of turorial for ""what's changed since W:TW1"", which would have been really nice.  This game is so complex, I worry that new players will skid right off it.  If I were a new to Total War games player, I would recommend the original game before coming here, not least because of complexity but strategic considerations are more advanced.Is the game great?  Yes!  Would I recommend?  Depends on experience of prospective player's knowledge of game series and lore."
,Recommended,594570,35403103,Posted: 1 October,all,XGN BOTStan,I get to kill things with dragons. I like this game.
76561198118667352,Recommended,594570,35436077,Posted: 2 October,all,BaldEagleAlpha,with over a hundred hours in the game i have to say i would highly reccomend it. the factions are amazing and you cannot forget the new and improved Ui. Cant wait for the old world to meet the new world its going to be 100x better you can bet your candy its going to be!!!
76561198029775300,Recommended,594570,35356233,Posted: 30 September,all,Livetrout,"Total War: Warhammer II is functionally an updated version of the origjnal game with a new roster of factions on a new map. Despite this sounding similar to the lack of trying that was Farcry 3 & 4 (and primal to an extent) it is justified, needed, and welcome. Everything seems to have had an upgrade from the original, the graphics seem sharper, the battles no longer average out at 5-8 minutes because of easily breakable units, and the A.I. are noticeably smarter.The pros of the game, including those listed above, are miriad and make this game worthy of the praise it righly deserves. The cons are few but a couple do stand out after nearly 24 hours of playing.For example:The difference between Dark and High Elves almost feel non existent at times with basic units being spears and (cross)bows with the highest units being great axe and great sword units supported by dragons. There are functional differences for sure but the degree of similarity is off putting to say the least. I understand that new races will be released eventually, from the map i'm assuming tomb kings  are coming firstbased on their starting area already being there with unique buildings.My other problem, and this is just a functional niggle i know, is that in the older games if you clicked once a unit would walk and twice they would run. For some reason it seems that CA have merged this with dragging a group of units into formation so that they will either default run or walk. It just irritated me that for a unit to walk i had to hold Ctrl just for basic unit moves.All in all, a worthy sucessor with many, many, merits and a couple issues that ulitmately don't detract from the game's familiar tone and, as always, extremly enjoyable tone."
76561197986517085,Recommended,594570,35422833,Posted: 2 October,all,Drakhjerta,Rat people.
,Recommended,594570,35359208,Posted: 30 September,all,Rahma,"Having such a blast putting foot to♥♥♥♥♥as the masters of cheese, the lords of chitter, the rulers of cheese, and the despoilers the eastern continent.I haven't dedicately played a Total War game in years, but this is the one to pull me back into its velvety embrace.. and what a pull indeed!This is the greatest trip down fantasy-lane in forever.. Dragging me back to childhood-memories of glueing and painting.Would elaborate and praise more, but there are dwarves in need of gnawing on, and my Assassin hasn't dipped his blade on a Hero's jugular this round...10/10 - would recommend.For the Under-Empire!"
,Recommended,594570,35289906,Posted: 29 September,all,SarataiPepe,"Rigth now, one of the best strategy games available. It run smoothly (even better than the first), races are even more different to each other than in the previous game and more depth have been added.Basically, a great choice to strategy gamers and a must have to any total war fan."
,Recommended,594570,35275471,Posted: 28 September,all,Betweenskill,Oh you didn't like 'X' in the first game? Here we fixed it. And added dinosaurs. And ratty ogres. And bigger explosions. And an actual storyline.
76561198070070375,Recommended,594570,35495220,Posted: 5 October,all,BRAZZERSDOTCOM,"So. Is it good? That's what you come down to the review section to find out right?Simple answer. I got this game on preorder and played it the moment it came out and i installed it. It's a week later and i've got this many hours.I guess it's okay.So what's better? Most everything.Graphics? Oh boy are they ♥♥♥♥in improved, it's far better optimized, my 960 runs this game twice as well as it did and still does tw1.Sound? it's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, the music when you're in these epic pitched battles is rather Lord of the rings-esque. Not to mention, everythign sound good.Races? I can play a race of giant lizard people where i can had a giant toad with god-like magic powers, or a giant dinosaur riding a even bigger dinosaur. Or i can play two evlen factions which are extremely similar but still very different.Mechanics? the quests, side and main, the little missions issued to gain power, the final battle for the vortex, the entire theme of the vortex. It's amazing, the world feels alive, there are challenges to expanding too fast, there are more races, not everyone will instantly confederate, the ai acts like a real empire. (Although sometimes they send three armies of four units instead of one army with twelve)Gameplay? the game is smooth, it stuttered for me a few times, i've had a few crashes, but nothing to take me out of my experience, i've loved every minute and the crashes have mroe foten than not, simply broken up my time played and done me well to be honest.What's worse? That's probably something you'd think of when you see someone praising the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta a game. It's not perfect, not at all, but that comes with the turf, it's a total war game. Expect a few dlc, some will be bad, some good, there's not much variation in some armies. There's no real low-mid-high tier for units, most factions have only high or low tier units and others like the lizardmen just have a few types of units, all mid tier, but differentiating between spears and clubs and calling them without shields low tier. The same issue in different forms shows up for every faction.Ultimately though. I love this game, it un♥♥♥♥ed most of what the devs originally screwed up on with the first game, but siege battles still feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥too. That needs to be fixed tbh.Otherwise, hell yeah play the game."
,Recommended,594570,35474408,Posted: 4 October,all,tolan77,IF you liked the first one so far the second is even better.
76561197999693772,Recommended,594570,35435907,Posted: 2 October,all,Periphetes,"Very good game. Having never played a Total War game, but dabbling in Civ, the reduced difficulty introductory campaigns were great for me. I've been flat-out addicted since day 1.The Skaven are very fun to play for me, I really like using their special abilities. Also, what other strategy game lets you command a battlefield of rat-people in real time?!Performance was... well not great for my computer. Some of my friends play on 10fps and don't mind. But if you tweak your graphics settings you can get it above 30 FPS in battles and campaign. They have a slider for resolution scale, and if you're ok with the blurry effects, you can get your framerate up to 60 running at half resolution. I'm running at 85% resolution scale and the difference isn't noticeable, but the framerate increase is. It's really crucial to turn down terrain and unit detail to low if your computer can't handle the game. Unit count ultra actually isn't too bad if your unit detail is down.One thing that I think could have been done better is the auto-resolve system. As I've progressed into late-game, I've only fought critical battles. I don't know what the solution to this would be, maybe you can only auto-resolve one battle per turn or something.I think it's fair to say there's not a huge amount of new design from the first game, for people who played that. But since I didn't play the first one, I've been having a great experience. I'm not getting that 'samey' feeling a lot of the fans might get.All in all a fantastic game. It's not without its flaws, but if you have some patience it delivers an engrossing, enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,594570,35439709,Posted: 3 October,all,Schwarz Weiss,"Currently Playing the game and I must say I'm enjoying this sequel as I have played the first game.The sequel has improved in quite a lot of things which could also have worked for the first game, The UI and Campaign/Map.-The UI which now brings more information with less clutter that makes it unobtrusive making it easier to manage the campaign map. Now gives information on how you got this ""title"" and etc. Before ending your turn, you'll also get some notification if you either haven't moved a lord/hero, leveled up, researched anything, built/upgraded your city/ buildings and etc., in which you can either skip them or get reminded to them first if you're forgetful.-The Campaign map has been improved as well, this time they've added ""treasure hunting"" feature which either rewards you or hinders you depending on what you've found/did. There were also a couple of improvements especially for QOL, determining how far your army/hero can go with just normal stance and march stance as it's already indicated as you select a unit, which is separated by a broken line border if you're using normal stance.I'll possibly add more as I play through out the game. This review for now will be left unfinished but so far I'm generally having fun and looking forward to spend either a couple or hundred of hours into this game since I have only put a dozen of hours into the game as I've written this.Recommending this game if you've played the first game, Total War: Warhammer or if you ever want to try out the total war series, You'd be suprised how easily you can get into it thanks to the changes they've made for the 2nd game."
,Not Recommended,594570,35477572,Posted: 4 October,all,CelsiuZ,"I've played this for 11 hours and at times this game is really fun and rewarding, but other times its just frustrating, and not frustrating in the way of ""oh this game is hard"". But frustrating in the way of the game mechanics are actively just out to sabotage for the player because the AI isn't smart enough to actually present a challenge.What are my griefs about this game?Loyalty:What is loyalty in this game? How do we improve it? There's no feed back. I get pop-ups that my generals are lacking in loyalty, so I send them raiding and conquering for a few turns in a row, pop up dissapears for 2 turns, and comes back again. Why? why is their loyalty low? They've conquered 2 cities and won 5 battles?!?!Siege:They have done nothing to improve the lack of a proper siege system or siege battles. They still suck as they did in Warhammer 1.Skaven:The skaven are very difficult to play. You're the only faction in the game that relies on food, and you cannot produce it in any great numbers. The only way you can get food production in every province is to enact a province decree which makes you break even, or to do a ritual which gives you +1 measly food in exchange for your currency.You consume food to keep your Skaven under empire from collapsing in on itself and to capture cities. Which means that every time you a capture a level 6 city it will be level 1-2 instead the level 6 that any other nation would capture.It's virtually impossible to keep a general loyal as the Skaven (Yes, this is technically accurate) however, in the wider scope of the game it means that it's excedingly difficult to have more than 1 army as the entire army will defect with the general, meaning that your veteran highly equipped units will switch to the rebel side. That spells F-U-N. for you!Rituals:The rituals mechanic in itself is pretty cool. But was it even playtested?! In my current play through I am playing as the High Elves in Ulthuan. I have almost re unified all of my island, and I sit down to do the 2nd ritual. I have 4 full stack armies. 2 in the north 2 in the south (guarding my ritual centers) so what happens?2 Norsca armies invade from the north3 Chaos stacks spawn in the middle of my island raising 3 cities in their first turn2 Dark elf intervention stacks spawn in the south near my capital, quickly raising 2 cities and laying siege to one of my armies in my captial2 chaos-like armies spawn in ships south of my capital sailing straight for my other ritual site.Lets evaluate the odds of what I am going up against wiht my 4 stack army.I have 4 stacks, I am fighting 9 stacks. <- So I am ridiciously outnumbered.I also lost 5 cities, 3 major cities. <- Now I have public order issues in my remaining cities (rebellion stacks soon to spawn) as well as my income for my 4 armies is now in the negative, meaning that my armies suffer attrition and public order goes up everywhere.HOW IS THIS A FUN MECHANIC? How can the AI spawn 5 stacks smack dab in the middle of your empire next to undefended cities?Why don't intervention forces spawn outside your border and marching in?! How is it feasible in the lore for 15,000 dark elves to spawn at the CENTER OF ULTHUAN?! AND NOBODY BATS AN EYE?!What is the point of the ♥♥♥♥ing Ultuan gates IF THE AI SPAWNS INSIDE THEM 4 INCHES AWAY TO YOUR CAPITAL.This game is badly in need of rebalancing, and even more so in need of the modding community to fix that the dev's clearly did not game test.I am definitely down for a challenge, but then make the AI challenging, don't make it spawn 7 armies INSIDE OF MY BLOODY DEFENSIVE GATES. WHATS THE POINT OF THEM.Now I should also add:This game will be amazing, when they come out with the Warhammer 1 merge, and remove the broken ritual mechanics. That is where this game will shine. But until that point, honestly, stay away. It is not worth the price that they charge for it at full price.Save yourself from aggrevation, and come back to the game when it's ready and desgined as it was meant to be, in unison with Warhammer I :)"
,Recommended,594570,35257649,Posted: 28 September,all,nut,Most historically accurate Total War yet!
,Recommended,594570,35456958,Posted: 3 October,all,your actual dad,"Enjoying it so far, thumbs up, everybody has covered the reason why so LET'S COMPLAIN:I really think they need to mix up how the Vortex campaign works. The End Times in TWH1 gave you time to stop and think, and develop as you wanted; the Vortex on the other hand is GOTTA DO ALL THE QUESTS RIGHT NOW DO IT DO IT DO YOU WILL LOSE THE GAME IF YOU DON'T DEDICATE YOUR ENTIRE WAY OF LIFE TO THE VORTEX.It's not hard as such, it just requires a level of dedication to the endgame that TWH1 was mercifully free of. It makes each campaign very same-y and kinda locks down the potential for cool emergent gameplay. You have less agency as a player, and less decisions to make, because the decision that doesn't help you get more vortex tokens is always going to be the wrong one.I've played a quick (incomplete) run through with each LL and they all play pretty much the same -- secure a small area with at least one Token Mine in it , complete quests for more tokens, pop ritual, turtle, repeat."
76561198050113776,Recommended,594570,35290173,Posted: 29 September,all,gamersuicide,"I've played every game in the TW series and this one is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its up there with Shogun 2 I thinkWarhammer 2 runs so much better than the previous title I'm honestly shocked, I thought I'd be playing on ultra low and suffering the ♥♥♥♥♥iest fps but nope, this game has come through on all frontsexcept maybe sieges, i understand there's not much you can do in regards to ai but still"
,Recommended,594570,35272038,Posted: 28 September,all,Influence_X,"If you're a warhammer fan, I highly suggest both games in this series. I was never able to afford the table top game as a child, however I did read the lore both by staying at the game shop and on the internet. I became enthralled by each and every race, and the level of depth and detail each of their backstories and lore had.TW:WH and TW:WHII are letting me experience something I missed in my childhood, in an entirely different, new and beautiful way. This series is reviving the lore of warhammer so much, I'm willing to bet there's some people in Games Workshop that regret creating ""the end times"". These games have signaled a renaissance in the lore of this world.Currently, these two games are standalones, however eventually they are releasing a ""grand campaign"" map that will have both the old and new worlds of warhammer, with all races. It stands to be the largest total war map ever created, with the greatest and most unique race variances of any total war game to date.Not only are these series an amazing revitilization of the warhammer lore, they're also the most detailed total war games ever released.The new vortex campaign is a nice breath of fresh air from the typical ""conquer all the land and kill X races/civilizations"" that is the normal objective for total war games.That being said, the 2nd game seems to run smoother for me than the 1st. And I hope this carries over when they release the grand campaign map and integrate all of the old world races.And to those who complain of the price... when has anything from Games Workshop EVER been cheap? I believe the prices are warranted for the level of detail you get in these games.If only Dawn of War III would have been this good....."
76561198005529409,Recommended,594570,35355382,Posted: 30 September,all,LionSaurus,"I have clocked 39 hours in the game so far so I think I have a decent grasp of the game enough to write an initial review. SO far it's been a great experience. Keep in mind that I thouroughly enjoyed Total War Warhammer 1 and got roughly 530~ hours out of that game (with all DLC's mind you) which for me has been a solid investment. Warhammer 2 pretty much just improves on Warhammer 1 in every single way with the exception of sieges. If you did not like sieges in game 1, you won't like sieges in game 2. I was never to bothered by sieges in game 1 myself, though I have to say they were more epic in Rome 2 and Shogun 2.So what about the game itself? It has got some lovely addition since game 1. You have the Vortex campaign. It's far more story driven, in a very good way, but I am not sure how I feel about the ticking clock mechanic. What I like about it is that it has forced my hand and made me send one of my Dark Elves forces to invade Ulthuan just to delay their ritual progression. The force I have sent is struggling, but it's backed up by a Black Ark that gives my force a good beach head at the point of ingress on the island. And I love this aspect. That said, I would like a more free form campaign as well that is equally story driven.Then there are the faction. They play very uniquely on both the campaign map and the battle map. They are a step up from the previous factions (as it has always been) and they are so awesome that you are left wishing they would do something to spruce up the older factions. Rites mechanics are very unique and cool and it's a shame these won't be added to the old factions. Hopefully this will be remedied.All in all, it's across the board a greatly improved game from the previous and I have already gotten many hours of entertainment out of it. If you liked Total War Warhammer 1 this is the game for you."
76561198006915455,Recommended,594570,35399140,Posted: 1 October,all,Brig,"Jheeze, wasn't expecting it to be this good! The first was good, but what an improvement.Well done CA! : ))))))))))))))))))"
,Recommended,594570,35498712,Posted: 5 October,all,Scott Lufkin,"I wrapped up my first campaign (High Elf, normal difficulty) and it was tremendously satisfying. I don't really have any complaints, only a few minor suggestions (mostly relating to the campaign camera) and I very much enjoyed every aspect of this experience, even the multiple 20-stack Chaos/Skaven spawns in the end game rituals, which made the end game more interesting as I'd crushed most of the other factions that opposed me. Playing on Normal wasn't too much of a challenge, but I sure had a blast!As much as I enjoyed TW:Warhammer 1 (and it's the game that finally got Total War titles to click with me), TW:Warhammer 2 really is better in every way, from the improved visuals and expanded gameplay mechanics to the stronger implementation of co-op/multiplayer. I can't wait to see where it goes from here!"
,Recommended,594570,35483530,Posted: 4 October,all,Pendent,"I had 200 odd hours in the first game and speaking as someone who has played the Total War series since Shogun 1 it was by far my favorite game in the series. It was the first time I had ever actually fully finished a campaign in this series after over a decade of playing- that is how much I loved it.I don't know how but the sequel has managed to make a game where dwarfs can mow down zombies with flamethrowers look borning by comparison. I enjoy three of the four factions more after my 20ish hours than I ever did any race in game 1. The only race that I haven't found that enjoyable nso far are the Lizardmen, and let's be real here. You can use dinosaurs to stomp thousands of rats- the army is fine and obviously just hasn't quite clicked for me yet.Skaven is particular are a masterpiece if army design for a Total War game. I had my doubts when I heard they would rely on summoned units but it works SO WELL. You can have a truly unholy number of rats on the field to surround the enemy so that your brutal magic and war machines can murder them all.On siege maps you can even use your summoned rats to tie up a bunch of expensive units and then when they start to waver turn them into suicide bombers and cripple everything around them. It's amazing.To be completely fair there are a few bugs and the AI does seem a little dumber at times, but I am confident these issues will be fixed. The game is overall a masterpiece and I hope it sells really well."
,Recommended,594570,35321126,Posted: 29 September,all,SiG_Yisou,"This is a cool game, featuring 3 races from Warhammer, but I don't get why the Devs decided to add the fourth fictional race into it.Everyone knows that there's no such thing as 'a skaven'.Sure, my cousin Friedrich from Nuln claims his friend Uther once talked with a gutter-cleaner that saw a ratman, but this is the same cousin that used to say that his local butcher was mixing rat into his sausages.Needless to say, I heard cousin Friedrich was taken away for spreading slanderous lies.Good riddance if you ask me."
,Recommended,594570,35258075,Posted: 28 September,all,Zoie Shales,"Total War:Warhammer II is the much anticipated sequel to the first chapter. With 4 starting races, The Skaven, High Elves, Dark Elves, and Lizardmen you cant go wrong. The campaign map is made of 4 huge landmasses and wide oceans with riches to plunder. The mechanics are fun and the battles really got stepped up a notch with all the abilities. Soon enough the Mortal Empires map will come out for players of both games allowing you  to have a sandbox style smash-em' up with every race you own from eaither title, The blood dlc will be free for everyone who bought it in the first game and the other way around. I look forward to controlling the vortex as the children of the Great Horned Rat, I deffenetly reconmend this product if you enjoyed the first game."
76561198026651210,Recommended,594570,35267787,Posted: 28 September,all,Vrakdos-Rob,"All I can say is Total War: Warhammer 2 is a great sequel to the first game, it improves on all aspects from the first game such as optimization, UI, soundtrack and much much more.Ton of new content and game mechanics added to the game.Each race feeling very unqine just like the first Warhmmer.8 hours in and I have not noticed any game breaking bugs.Races are very well balanced considering it's just been launched. (ofc twinking here and there is needed but thats to be expected)Is it worth 60 for having only 4 races this time ? thats a bit debatable for some people but for me a big fan of warhammer and considering how well made this game I think it is regardless of only having 4 new races, which I'm sure they will add more though free/pay dlcs."
76561198018880586,Recommended,594570,35457176,Posted: 3 October,all,"FE""CaminMate","Honestly, I did not expect myself writting a review. This game feels right for what it is. To put it simple, its more of a expansion than a seperate game, much like how Starcraft 2 has its campagins. This was also written before the ""Mortal Empires"" update so I can't say much expect I enjoy the 4 CURRENT factions, expect skaven, screw them..."
76561198007307650,Not Recommended,594570,35414648,Posted: 2 October,all,Legatus Brutus,"Another 'arcade' style Total war release. The game is very similar to the first TW:Warhammer release, just different faction and a new campaign map.This total war release still lacks MAJOR content that total war games from over a decade ago had.Lack of unit formations in battle.Lack of in-depth campaign economy management.Very linear 1-directional siege battles.No minor-settlement siege battles.No naval battles.This also has the SAME bugs that TW:Warhammer 1 has.I am also not surprised, but still disapointed, at their lack of support for multiplayer battles. I have bought games for a third of this price that have 24/7 dedicated servers for 6v6 or 10v10 battles. Try joining a 3v3 game on this multiplayer and even with a top of the range GPU, watch the lag slideshow.I am a huge total war fan but this is more of a DLC than a new game. Not worth the huge price tag.I feel like some of these current TW:Warhammer diehard fans have completely forgetten (or never played) the ORIGINAL Total War: Shogun, Medieval 1&2 or Rome 1. These outdated games are FAR more indepth in almost every aspect.Even those hundreds of little minor things that added to immersion, such as the general's speech at the start of each battle (which changed depending on the enemy's army and chance of success), detructable buildings in seiges (and the buildings shown in the towns were the buidings that you actually built for that city), the unique cutscenes when an agent performed an action/assasination, etc, etc"
76561198035630010,Recommended,594570,35275685,Posted: 28 September,all,Foxy 1995,even better than the first one
76561197992221728,Recommended,594570,35273770,Posted: 28 September,all,fatmonkey648,"12 hours in to a a Krog-Gar game i can confirm Dinosaurs riding Dinosaurs are epic!Overall very impressed with the stability, graphics, deeper gameplay and overall feel to the campaign. The most important improvement that comes by virtue of the Vortex mechanic is i have fought 3 defensive seiges!!!! with even odds!!!! Im pretty sure i didnt have three defensive seiges in the first game over 200 hours playing."
,Recommended,594570,35275177,Posted: 28 September,all,Fr3nchy,"So far I think this is the best Total war in the Series, and also I think the best launch with the least bugs,I recommend been playing for 14 hours, SP and MP including Battle and CO-OP campaign everything so far is exceeding my expectations, Now can't wait to see what they have in store for us."
,Recommended,594570,35295583,Posted: 29 September,all,Ruzen,"This could be the most optimised CA game ever played. I think they finally earned their redemption. No crash and better frames than the first game. Great UI improvements. Turn times are much improved. Loading times improved. Getting better frames in battles too.Game needs a bid more depth to its economical and political(diplomacy) side. Unit variation I would say is satisfactory. More free content is on its way so I would say its going to be get a very impressive amount of units to play around. The differences beatween factions are more diverse this time around. It's not going to be completely different like in Endless Legends but I think its sufficient.They have few used assets(sound, texture props and units) from first game but It's not that big of a deal since its a trilogy. Music is allright I would say not getting in way but not rememberable also. Graphics didn't much improved but they look much cleaner and shiny now (in a good way).Objective focus game finally gives some sense to this ""wanna be sandbox"" type of strategy games. You just don't go mindlessly attacking and conquering anymore. I hope they keep making games like this for Victorian, Colonial or Holly wars times also.I can easily recommend this to anyone. Has depth campaign, working multiplayer with different modes, very modable design, good optimised and incoming more content over the months."
,Recommended,594570,35308898,Posted: 29 September,all,Sir Snorlax,"Turns out it is pretty good.As Total War addict, I approve this installment."
76561198106261222,Recommended,594570,35272812,Posted: 28 September,all,(Rex),Very fun just like the first one.
76561198022675468,Recommended,594570,35313433,Posted: 29 September,all,UsualPigeon,Well with many hours played I'm Warhammer 1 I can safely say that CA have learnt massively from it and that Warhammer 2 is a big improvement! Which is saying something as even the first one for me was amazing.Really enjoying it and I look forward to everything that is to come! Nice work CA.
,Recommended,594570,35505499,Posted: 5 October,all,FunkyFinzy,"It feels like Warhammer. Much more so than the first game. They improved the presentation overall, all the major races have story, voiced dialogue and ingame goals and the campaign and battle maps look much more detailed and interesting. Campaign's pace picked up a lot faster than in the previous game although it's still too early for me to entirely judge it. Started with the Dark Elves on hard difficulty and so far been really enjoying it. Soundtrack is pretty good too.Haven't really been into Total War series since Medieval 2 which I played tons, but this one finally feels pretty good right from release."
76561197992793681,Recommended,594570,35495049,Posted: 5 October,all,Swong,Ye it's p good you should buy it
76561198039020670,Recommended,594570,35488152,Posted: 4 October,all,Coach Awesome,"If you liked the first Total War: Warhammer, this is already superior in every possible way. And given the fact that mods, free DLC and the combined campaign are all still incoming, it only stands to get better as time goes on."
76561198034484522,Recommended,594570,35266250,Posted: 28 September,all,Lohrasb,"I’ve been playing Total War games since the first total war came out. It has been a long journey and a pleasure going through the historical titles, but then WW1 came out. A dream come true; I have always fantasized about a fantasy type of TW since I was 9 years old and finally it happened. Sure WH1 wasn’t the best total war, but surly stood among the best of them and I end up buying all of the DLC (even beastmen, lol) and played it for +200 hours And I enjoyed every minute of it.Total War Warhammer II did not disappoint me. WW2 absolutely is another one of those amazing TW titles there is. I have been enjoying the new campaign features such as the race for vortex (although I lost my first campaign (Lizardman, the last defenders) to the Dark elves and it was bitter), searching the ruins (love those 4 way results), the treasure hunts, rites and etc.The battles also have been improved impressively: the battle maps are much better with rivers, bridges (yes they are back), deep dark wood jungles and etc. Magic has also improved a lot and it feels much useful in battles.I’ve only played with two of the four races so far (Lizardman as both Hexoatl and The Last defenders and Skaven Clan pestilens). Lizardman are absolutely amazing, they have become one of my favorite factions. Their army roster is probably one of the best they have ever done and god they are powerful! When I started my campaign as Skaven I had no expectations But after two hours in their campaign i fell in love with them.What a fine job they have done on WH2, In another words: TWW2 has been another amazing title in TW series and surely is worth your money.but what is stopping this game to be the perfect TW game? Let me begin:The ritual race is kinda unbalanced. Try to play it the first time on very hard and it was impossible to compete with one of the races (Dark elves), they had around 1k more power than me (the second one in the race) and there was no chance to catching up to them. None of my AI spawning armies could stop their ritual ( I’ve sent three 10k armies and another 5k army). So what’s the point of that option? Also all of the other factions declared war on me at my third ritual but only one of them declared war on Dark elves. Which makes it really unbalanced. And some of the AI cheats are just annoying, I don’t mind some buffs to the AI on Very Hard difficulty but giving them so much Vortex Power Material ( I don’t know the name of the Dark elves vortex currency) is just a turn off.The diplomacy as always is a big problem in the game. I’m not even gonna try to explain, people have mention that too many times, fix it already.Allies also don’t really do♥♥♥♥♥♥for you. They just turtle and watch you burn. What’s the point of making allies?but all things concidered it still is an amazing game."
76561198037506841,Recommended,594570,35273937,Posted: 28 September,all,CaradLoki,"Yes yes, it was really hyped.Yes yes,  it is worth the hype.This game is a dream come true.I assume they will never pass this in the next game.Still waiting for Medieval 3 tho."
,Recommended,594570,35290188,Posted: 29 September,all,Amonkhet,"Like Total War Warhammer 1, This game will achieve its full greatness when the third inter-connected game is released.  I just want to say that right off the bat.The Vortex Campain alone is pretty fun and spices up the normally slow-ish mid-game gameplay of Total War games.  For your money, you get 8 factions to use (consisting of four different races) giving quite a wide variety in terms of starting points for the campain map.For fans of co-op, they made it much much better for friends who want to play the same race.  In the previous game, two players couldn't play as say, the Beastmen in online coop.  Now, for example, you have the Skaven who have two factions (Clan Mors and Clan Pestilens).The game needs alittle tuning at the moment, as its just released, but there is definetely alot of potential expecially with the upcoming game 1 + game 2 combined map!"
,Recommended,594570,35283544,Posted: 28 September,all,Imperius,It's more Total War Warhammer. So it's good.
76561197960409649,Recommended,594570,35276739,Posted: 28 September,all,Tbone69,"I am an older gamer and unfortunately as much as I would have loved to have done so, I chose to work today.  I have only been able to put in a couple hours so far. But I eagerly gobbled up the reviews and snippets of info from the release of this second installment of Total War Warhammer 2.  I have to say, they have really redefined how a Total War game can be developed.  The first installment was a well put together game with lots of options and opened the door to rping your way through a rts/turn based game by using fantasy elements to create a unique and masterful game.This second installment has raised the bar by incorporating story driven elements and injecting little bits of lore in all the right places.  The freedom we grew accustomed to when playing previous Total War titles has not been lost. They have been enhanced by combining elements of fantasy that not only have rejuvinated life in the Total War series, but also by encouraging new players to join the ranks.This second installment is a great addition to the series and when they incorporate the combined map campaign, this will set the bar even higher!I am truly excited to see what the developers do to incorporate successful elements of creativity and richness to the historical TW games coming in the future.Seriously, if you are on the fence as an old time TW fan who has been fearful of dipping your toes in a Total War Fantasy themed game.....Jump IN!  If you are a potential new player and never have touched a total war game....Take a chance on this...Seriously, I think you will thank yourself.*update*...Only four hours in and I can't stop touching myself....seriously...this game is exceeding my expectations!"
76561198040139411,Recommended,594570,35283831,Posted: 28 September,all,cheeseman,"This is an initial review of about 9 hours of Campaign gameplay mostly as High Elves, but also some Skaven. (I have been playing Warhammer since Shogun 1 peeps, so please don't knock me)Exciting Observations First:-The vortex/story-based campaign CA has built changes the campaign a lot for me. I had reservations, but I am getting my second ritual in a couple turns now and I can't wait! protecting your cities and strategizing your path to achievement while thwarting other factions is surprisingly fun and interesting. Also the way they have spaced quest battles and missions is much smoother than Warhammer 1's early days, they are generally challenging, but reasonable to achieve.-The treasure seeking, risk/reward events and opportunities add a lot of excitement and actual strategy. The treasure hunting can give you huge lump sums, or faction wide buffs, or items for the new lord you want to buff. Treasure appears very frequently in the sea, leading me to strategically plan conquests on the coast to monopolize treasure events. But there is frequently risk, at least while exploring ruins, and my legendary lord was put out of action at the beginning of a campaign for a few turns thanks to aggressive treasure hunting.-Faction diversity in gameplay feels even greater than the first game, despite two elven factions, which I was a little worried about. This Warhammer has the benefit of all the past factions being included in campaign (though not playable), opponents are very diverse which makes the world seem bigger and more interesting.-Real time battles have become even more intense! Not only have graphics and animations taken a step up here, but the army abilities and new maps are great. But what stands out to me the most off the bat is the magic integration. Magic has come into it's own, feeling just right to me. I faced lizardmen, and I know when I face a Slaan I'm in for hurt. Magic actually is really powerful here, a well timed spell can actually shift an entire fight. The way CA has finally let us shift the direction we cast spells now, instead of only blasting directly away from the castor, makes many powerful spells that required tons of tedious micro to use before actaully fun to use now! Whirlwind spells are much slower now and don't fly off in random directions before doing any real damage. They still go random direction, but slowly!Sad Observations Last:-Unfortunately Sieges still suck. Not much more to say there.-In the last Warhammer when your faction captured a settlement belonging to a different race the settlement changed appearence to suit your faction. That's gone! When you capture a Dark Elf settlement as High Elves your High Elves live in Dark Elven towers and towns! Very distracting and immersion breaking. Your settlements don't look like your settlements unless you take them from your race.-More could be wished of multiplayer online, customization (even basic battle map customization, time of day, where your army spawns etc), online region map like shogun, etc, etcConclusion (yep that's all the bad stuff I have right now):Feel's like Warhammer has finally started growing into itself and is becoming polished and defining what it wants to do, and doing it well. I can already tell I'm going to actually finish a campaign for once. This feels right for Warhammer, please just fix those issues I mentioned CA, especially the settlement skins, that's hella distracting for me."
,Recommended,594570,35280336,Posted: 28 September,all,weedlord bonerhitler,AZTEC LIZARDS RIDING ♥♥♥♥IN DINOSAURS ♥♥♥♥ YES YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW LONG I'VE WANTED THIS.all this game needs is Tomb Kings and it will be perfect.
76561198046280348,Recommended,594570,35297757,Posted: 29 September,all,ElZorro,"I have survived the 2012 Mayan apocalypse, Nibiru passing on the 23rd of September of this year, and all the crazy Doomsday predictions since 1995. I never thought I would see the day Creative Assembly would release such a smooth game on day one after what happened with Rome 2.This game is one if not the best Total War so far that I have played, given I have only played a small bit of single player and most of my hours are in multiplayer with a good friend of mine. The turn times are fast and the load times are great, graphics are far better than that of any Total War so far. The mechanics for each race seem to be very unique so kudos on that CA . I love the changes you have made to the game, I haven’t experienced any bugs or crashes so far so that is a big plus from all the Total Wars.Great Job CA so far I am loving the game  so far I can’t wait to follow the plans of the Old Gods and get those elves on their Island. 10/10 would kill Skaven hordes all day and troll my friend with killing his units with bolt throwers. Can’t wait for the freelc and the Dlc, please CA just take my money and give me dinosaurs riding dinosaurs riding dinosaurs."
,Recommended,594570,35290913,Posted: 29 September,all,Puga Chan,CA have somehow managed to improve an already excellent game. From what I can tell most of the downsides from the original have been addressed. I wish more developers put this much thought into their games and they've clearly listened to community feedback.
,Recommended,594570,35365458,Posted: 30 September,all,Sheppard Knight,"Been a Total War fan for a long time, and Warhammer II will keep me a fan.  Great cooperative experience, looks amazing, seems to run better than Warhammer I, 4 New Factions are well represented.  Game is very well fleshed out, feels complete already without DLC, and has so many quality of life improvements over Warhammer  I.  Mortal Empires campaign is going to be lit. 10/10 gonna drop out of college again."
76561198006833282,Recommended,594570,35277812,Posted: 28 September,all,Wildling Beard,"I'm 41 years old and I'm sitting here clubbing rats to death with glee. I've played every single Total War game since the original Shogun. And this game is an effing 213/10 on the nutso scale. Buy it, and keep a bowl under your face to collect all your nerd drool."
,Recommended,594570,35290352,Posted: 29 September,all,Geischfelt96,"They took everything they did right and made it better.  Runs like a dream, even on 6x speed, max everything.  Are there still flaws?  Sure.  Maps are cool, and contain some more interesting things than the first, but I still feel they're lacking.  Plenty of bugs atm.  All in all still worth it, for me as a huge fan of the first.  IF you didn't like the first, maybe wait, though.  There may not be enough change to sway you back."
76561198009895053,Recommended,594570,35272344,Posted: 28 September,all,PutABlanketOverIt,"> 'Twas midnight> Suddenly, it was 4amI curse my weak body that needs sleep.Loving this game. There are graphical improvements and, more importantly, UI improvements that cuts down on the need to sort through menus unnecessarily. I loved the first one, and I know that this one will be even better. Can't wait for the combined map update!"
76561197970482872,Recommended,594570,35356454,Posted: 30 September,all,Kaptin Obveeus,So far very fun.
,Recommended,594570,35466974,Posted: 4 October,all,The Cerulean Rodent,"This expand-alone game has all of the original qualities of Total Warhammer, but adds so much new content, and has such a well made campaign, that it measures up well on its own merits. As it stands at the time of this review, Creative Assemblies have not added any of the content that would cross-over from the first installment, and yet I am still quite satisfied with what it has to offer.Again, Creative Assemblies have done a great job bringing the 4 new factions -- faithfully and functionally -- into the game. Again, they each have such wildly varying playstyles, that you'll find yourself playing the campaign multiple times to see what each race brings to the table; strategically as well as tactically. Whether it's the High Elves with their specialized but fragile elite units, or the Skaven and their sheer, implacable numbers that would make even Orcs sweat. Each race is an experience unto its own, and any fan of Total War or Warhammer will find themselves coming back to it time, and time again.The Vortex campaign is also an interesting spin on the Campaign dynamic that sets it apart from the Grand Campaign of the first Total Warhammer. Having an established race-for-the-finish style resource landgrab scenario forces a normally turtley, defense oriented player (ahem... such as myself) to take risks and be aggressive. You'll found a strong alliance with a neighbor, only to declare war on them upon discovering that their territory holds a source of a resource vital to your campaign. You'll raise armies just to jealously secure these resource sites from would-be attackers. You'll tresspass into neutral territory because you have a more important objective that lies beyond their territory, making your neighbor rather irate with you. All of this just to greedily rake up enough resource to finally take the Vortex and accomplish whatever your race's agenda is. My first victory was as the Skaven, and I literally won by a turn. I completed the final ritual ONE TURN ahead of the Elves -- and I have to say, there is a sense of satisfaction in snatch-taking the Elf-thing's victory out of their skinny, furless paws.Total Warhammer II is a solid installment complete with 4 solid and interesting races, all built around a campaign that is exciting to play and explore. Even if you didn't get the first Total Warhammer, it's still worth it, be you a Total War fan, Warhammer fan, or just a fan of hybrid RTS/grand strategy."
,Not Recommended,594570,35351756,Posted: 30 September,all,WDI,"Pretty but shallowSingle player ( Campaign )Campaign is really like TW Warhammer 1 with some added quirks. The fact that you dont need to autoresolve your way to world domination is appreciated and much needed. The world in itself is large and varied providing a nice change from Warhammer 1.It is hindered by a clunky interface which constantly frustrates the player. Everything is slow: moving an army, recruiting reinforcements, building a province, waiting during turns. And when you are done waiting you have the advisor blabbing in your ears or a warning of a skink engineer sabotaging some walls in the middle of nowhere for 20 turns straight.Game mechanics wise, this game is quite old. There are a number of mechanics to hinder player expansion (mainly unrest/warbands; skavens have food to limit them). Armies have an incredible high upkeep: having 2 full high tier armies with 4 provinces is quite a challenge. There are no strategic decisions to make in building either. Everything is simple; put the tier 3-5 buildings in province capitals, the rest is gold+growth+walls.Next to that, AI players are literally playing a game on their own, with seemingly unlimited funds or disreguard to unrest. I especially like seeing a 1 province high elf AI player fielding a full high tier army while I was stuggling to maintain 1 and a half. I dont mind seeing AI cheating or having bonuses, but at least they could have done it more elegantly. This is Civ6 level of cheating.Which is a shame as the battles are really good; well at least some of them. When you got to the point where you can take down fortified settlements, then it becomes a chore. Autoresolve dont give you good results so you are forced to chain siege battles, which make the battles quite irritating.Single player ( Battles )Battles are really the best selling point of Warhammer2. The 4 races really shine on the battlefield with some impressive monsters ( phoenixes, abominations ). In single player you can slow down time to have some impressive view of the battle field.As with previous TW game the interface is a total mess. Units are barely controllable; for instance if you have a group of 3 ranged units and you want to focus fire a target and group mode is up, each unit will target a different unit for no reason. You have to remove group mode ( which removes the control group ) and issue the aim order again. Shift+right click drag mode is a really neat addition which I would like to see in other RTS/strategy game.When viewing the battlefield from above it starts to get messy with no real usefull information communicated to the player. You cant distinguish infantry units from up high, and losing sight of your leader is a common problem. There are some usefull information on the unit card in itself but again not on the main view. The ""strategic"" view (TAB) is completely useless.MultiplayerI didnt expect much as it is basically the same as Warhammer1; i am sure we will see some cool mods eventually but for now ranked is in the same state. As they are no constraints on the number of elite units you can take in your army, it just becomes a massive cheese fest where the real strategy is trying to anticipate what flavor of cheese yourr opponent likes and trying to counter it during your army construction phase. Did I say cheees enough? It is not the game for RTS players.I havent experienced some real balance breaking bugs/units, but knowing CA i am sure there are some hidden somewhere."
76561198027944360,Recommended,594570,35275446,Posted: 28 September,all,Dracon,Great Warhammer game.
76561198006782336,Recommended,594570,35262842,Posted: 28 September,all,PAPA LAZAROU,Put over 500 hours into warhammer 1 and loved it! i can see myself doing the same with this game.They have added alot of campaign map extras that really add to the game. Big improvment over warhammer1 and i loved the first one.So far no crashes and no problems with the game! a solid launch
76561198095985970,Recommended,594570,35280332,Posted: 28 September,all,Brozar,9/10 NO PEACE JUST WAR
76561198001980312,Recommended,594570,35295044,Posted: 29 September,all,Chummy 8,They improved on the first game in almost every way. I wanted to give a thumbs up first and will expand this review later.
76561198006728826,Recommended,594570,35467954,Posted: 4 October,all,Vulcan,"Kill elves, take pretty things.. YES YES !!! More for Horned Rat!Slice slice, more DLC soon soon! Combined worlds, patch soon - we spread plague to men.. YES YES!!!"
,Recommended,594570,35465735,Posted: 4 October,all,SmileyWar,"Great game, having so much fun!"
76561198106316255,Recommended,594570,35280165,Posted: 28 September,all,SonofSpartaDemon,"When Total War: Warhammer was announced, I thought that it'd either be one of CA's biggest successes or one of its biggest failures. I have played Rome 2, Attila and Shogun 2 before these games, so I'm not green to the franchise. However, I have had no experience with Warhammer except acknowledging it was that weird game that people who liked to paint figurines played with a tape measure and a bunch of rules. Total War: Warhammer was incredible. No more copy, paste factions! Instead we got very unique feeling and interesting factions. They simplified some gameplay mechanics and introduced some new ones. I was completely satisfied. I've put countless hours into the original.You didn't come here to hear my review of Total War: Warhammer though. You came to hear my review of Total War: Warhammer 2. Quite frankly, it's an improvement on an already outstanding game. Battles take a little longer, which I'm a huge fan of. The campaign is more difficult which is awesome as well. All of these factions feel fresh, the map feels fresh and I have no problem with them calling this a standalone title. It's more a standalone title than Attila ever was. On top of that, pretty soon owners of both games are going to be getting the greatest treat in Total War history. They're combining the maps and factions from both freaking games! That's incredible.Is the game perfect? No. I see some improvements with the overall AI, but of course I'd like to see even more. You can tell there are fillers for certain factions that have yet to be released as DLC, but none of this matters. When my brother and I discuss the Total War: Warhammer franchise as a whole, we honestly believe that this may be the pinnacle for Creative Assembly and for the genre as a whole. Will anyone ever be so ambitious as they have with this trilogy? I hope so, but I get the feeling I'll be reflecting back on these games in 20 years wishing someone would step up to the plate and take a swing again. Creative Assembly took a swing and they hit a home run.Even if you have never played a single Total War game, I would recommend it. This is a great title to always have in your library and something you can always go back to. After DLC and patches, I'm sure every time you go back, it'll almost feel like a brand new game in and of itself. I do have to say I'm sorry if you try running this game on a potato. I've put a decent bit of money in the rig that I use to play it, and I'd say it's worth every dollar. I'm glad they don't just dumb down the graphics so anyone with a 2008 E-Machine can take a crack at it. I want to see them continually push the boundaries of graphic fidelity and what my computer can handle.Congratulations, Creative Assembly on another wonderful game. Now, shut up and take my money!!!"
,Not Recommended,594570,35481455,Posted: 4 October,all,Flares,"I've been binging this game for days and I still can't recommend it in its current state relative to its pricetag. I'm not a veteran of Total War games so can't draw comparisons to previous installments. These are my thoughts after a full playthrough on Normal difficulty:Pros:Astonishing visuals, possibly the best looking game I've ever played.Engrossing campaign with a pace that keeps you on your toes with definite high moments.Interesting races, each with unique battle and campaign mechanics.Very large map adds replayability as you're unlikely to explore all of it in a single playthrough.Lizardmen are absolutely badass. Other factions seem to fit well with their lore and themes.Cons:The Vortex scenario is fun but should never have been the only campaign option. The game is missing a free-form campaign.Very limited selection of playable factions on release. My impression that they had all the resources to make many other races part of the initial release but did not. I hear more factions will be free DLC - good, but doesn't factor into this review.Campaign pacing means you have very limited freedom in the way you progress -you simply MUST wage war on the other races who make rapid progress towards the objective. This is a pain if they're on the other side of the enormous map (looking at you, pointy-eared warmbloods).Diplomacy is ruled out as a solution -gradually at first, but later diplomacy suddenly becomes impossible and the game forcibly puts you at war.I understand this is part of the campaign's nature but it doesn't mean I have to like it. Alliances I built early got thrown under the bus even though I did everything right.Limited interactions with your allies and you can't trade settlements to complete provinces - not worth keeping small friends, it's better to just exterminate them. Alliances in general do not seem to be worthwhile in the long run, except with other factions of your race.An issue with balance:Lizardmen faction's Saurus infantry seem too strong despite the Primal Instincts loss of control mechanic; I virtually steamrolled the entire campaign with them, albeit playing on Normal difficulty.EDIT: here I complained about a 'bug' with Skaven. Skaven 'stalk' stance means normal attacks can turn into ambushes; I presumed the AI abused 100% ambush probability but looking back it's likely that the Lord doings so had lightning attacker when attacking my grouped armies and got lucky with ambushes. Skaven can still ambush you from inside a settlement as you siege them, or while you are encamped, which is silly and I believe the former is unintentional.The game spawns armies on you with limited warning and in semi-random placeswhen commencing and sometimes during ritual progress. I'm glad to be challenged but I think there should be an early warning (perhaps a single turn?) before this happens.If they add a free-form campaign scenario (i.e. no Vortex objectives) and expand the playable factions to include at least least a couple among Greenskins, Undead, Humans and Dwarves, I will gladly change this review to a positive one.EDIT: CA are releasing a joined campaign from TW:WH1 and TW:WH2's worlds that should be more free-form than the Vortex campaign (Mortal Empires). This doesn't factor into my review for this game as a standalone product with its current £40 (GBP) pricetag. Pick it up on sale!"
76561198013265170,Recommended,594570,35406156,Posted: 1 October,all,H-GoD,Amazing game. Creative Assembly are the devs we need but dont deserve. They listen to the fans and make adjustments accordingly. I love the first one but this is head and shoulders above it! Get involved!
,Recommended,594570,35320409,Posted: 29 September,all,Pepes,must buy total war game
76561198044629701,Recommended,594570,35388833,Posted: 1 October,all,ChaosWarrior,i liked it so much even better than the first one
,Recommended,594570,35275586,Posted: 28 September,all,NoXious,"Adds more depth in to an already deep game. Every faction still has it's own playstyle, making the game fresh with every playthrough with a different faction."
76561198095883565,Recommended,594570,35286359,Posted: 29 September,all,raoulputten,"Very good game as it surpasses it predecessor in almost any area (music, animations, graphics). CA has definitely improved the gameplay are repeatability compared to the original title."
,Recommended,594570,35294187,Posted: 29 September,all,Aldron,"Just a few lag issues. Otherwise, amazing game. played 7 hours so far and I still don't even feel a bit bored! All races plays, looks differently. There's nothing not to like"
,Recommended,594570,35295631,Posted: 29 September,all,Doric Bendarian,"♥♥♥♥ me i put 150+ hours in TW:WH 1 and another ♥♥♥♥ me this game is so much better than the 1st one, all the new races have interesting new mechanics, playstyles and really unique and sick as units and when the combined campaign comes out this game will be 10x better and that will be the third ♥♥♥♥ me"
76561198001015011,Recommended,594570,35349385,Posted: 30 September,all,AlphaW0lph,"When I read in some reviews that TW:W2 improves on almost every aspect of the first game"", my first thought was: ""Well, let's wait and see first"".After only five hours I can definitely say that this is not true. It improves on EVERY aspect of the first game and gives you so much more possibilities and strategies, it's dazzling.Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. 10/10"
,Recommended,594570,35268908,Posted: 28 September,all,Armchair Arbiter,Simply put. It's Total War: Warhammer I but better! If you loved the first one you'll definitely love this one.
,Recommended,594570,35269528,Posted: 28 September,all,Beniffy,"A massive improvement on TWW:1Better graphics, animations and details.The story with the vortex is thought out and well executedNew races:High Elves: Snobby elite troops all with specialist roles.Dark Elves: Thier emo cousinsSkaven: Hordes of rats on the game's lore equivilent of cocaineLizard Men: Jurrasic Park IV the evolution"
76561198056176640,Recommended,594570,35269900,Posted: 28 September,all,Zalo,"Only have a few hours played, but can already say this is a great game. I was a fan of the first one, even with some of its flaws and missing content, and this one seems to be an improvement in most aspects, particularly depth. In addition, each faction feels very unique, and seems to play much differently than all the others, making the seemingly small number of starting factions feel like a ton of content. Would recommend, even for full price, for anyone who enjoyed the first one, maybe wait for a small sale if you're more of a fan of the historical titles."
,Recommended,594570,35272064,Posted: 28 September,all,Michael,"happy so far,hopefully they wont ♥♥♥♥ up again"
76561198067844248,Recommended,594570,35275647,Posted: 28 September,all,Angry Bilbo,"Ive been playing the Total War series since Rome. In the decade that Ive been playing, I havent enjoyed play a TW title as much as ive enjoyed this one. It is a lot of fun now, and it will doubtless  be updated extensively in the near future. If you are thinking about getting this game, go ahead and jump on it."
76561198101510759,Recommended,594570,35275693,Posted: 28 September,all,Rob-The Insane,"A great editon to the warhammer saga of total war games, better improvments over ai, longer batles, and better gameplay."
,Recommended,594570,35278106,Posted: 28 September,all,🎃Nyarlathotep🎃,"Big improvement over the first one, and with the mortal empires map coming out it will be even more so.p.s CA please male thanquol a legendary leader at some point."
,Recommended,594570,35279199,Posted: 28 September,all,ThumblessGaming,"I'm a big fan of the first TW:W and the Total War series in general, so this review is obviously biased in favor of the game and I recommend it even with the cons I have.Right now my list is short as I have only played a few turns of one faction.Pros:The game is beautifulIt has Skaven and LizardmenNew MapNew mechanics that seem to be very well done and uniqueHeroes seem more usefulDid I mention Skaven?Cons:The game seems to have poor FPS on both the campaign map and the battlemap, the campaign map is gorgeous and the Vortex is cool, but I think it is the cause of the poor performance, I have faith that this will be optimized.The new UI looks nice, but I do not like how some aspects have been drastically changed, this is obviously personal preference, but it was noticable enough for me to put it here. I don't like change.The High Elves(only race I have played so far) feel soooo boring to me, I wanted to do Skaven first but I thought I would start with High Elves so that I could learn the new mechanics. I will probably abandon my HE campaign for the time being to play a race I find more interesting.Overall the game seems great and I look forward to seeing it developed further. Most of my complaints are just personal preference. I am not a highly skilled strategy player so I play the TW games mostly because I enjoy watching the tiny men kill eachother, because of that I am very much hoping the performance will be further optimized.tl;dr game is good, optimization can't come soon enough, I don't like change. If you are reading this and the game is on sale buy it."
,Recommended,594570,35279618,Posted: 28 September,all,Ph33r The Dark,"This is a no-brainer, buy ASAP!I've played this game for 17.4 hours straight now.. and it's not even been 20 hours since the release xDEasily the best Total War AND Warhammer game to date!Edit 02/10: It's now been 4 days since the realease.. I'm almost at 60 hours playtime..I think I need some sleep q-_-pThis game isn't addictive at all!.. .. .. .."
,Recommended,594570,35285450,Posted: 29 September,all,Dook Dic Gamer,"Feel like kid again. Playing with dinosaurs stomping and eating people.Love new UI. Will edit this review once try other races.One complain,AI skaven.The AI still use the same tactic like other races by Charge most of their units to our weakest unit, which make them easy to flank instead of they try to flank us. And since skaven has low leadership. They are the easiest race to go up against even on very hard difficulty.So they need to change AI behavior when AI using the skaven otherwise they gonna be appetizer for my Lovely Lizards."
76561197989093652,Recommended,594570,35285983,Posted: 29 September,all,Presto,"Well beyond my expectations.        ZERO LAG.    ZERO GLITCHES.No glitches or game problems that i have come across (yet).  I played multiplayer/single player campaign for hours and it was incredibly smooth on ultra and my computer isn't even very good. very very smooth.I don't care for the warhammer world but in this game it's so high end fantasy and incredibly well done and immersive it could be any monster fantasy total war game and still blows you away.The map itself and the in game maps are well beyond my expectations. Massive amounts of things going on in game. random hordes, stories, quests,  and the A.I seems way more enjoyable to play against. The A.I doesnt appear to ""see all"". which makes ambushing them and watching them make mistakes more like a human would and that it is awesome.  Also very satisfying.  Doesn't mean it is easier it is just different. it's like playing against a person. where everyone in the game is a person. which is crazy and something i have wanted for a long time.You actually lose yourself in the game. It is so immersive. Not like the other warhammer game where it was just one fast moving grind to the finish. This game is more story orientated with much better mechanics and A.I. and useful quests and missions that make sense and deeply immerse you. nothing seems stupid. everything seems incredibly intersting and fascinating unlike every other total war game where the missions/quests/story seem stupid and useless and if anything hinder you or is crap you could care less about. In this it's almost like the story forms around how you play. It's amazing.The A.I is the best i have seen so far in a total war game. Very human like and different behaviors.  Lots and lots and lots going on. :)The best part about the A.I is you are not a target. in all other total war games people hate you and will walk all the way across the map to attack you. This game is more realistic and fair. you see just as much war and enjoyment taking part with A.I attacking each other than you do your own wars and creations. creating openings and all types of enjoyment for both you and A.I around you.I don't feel like i have a bullseye on my forehead playing this game where everyone hating you is enevitable and is more work than cared for to postpone unwanted war. I found i was making the first moves sometimes and having interesting openings. Alot more oportunity for betrayal and forging new relationships and so so so much more.This game has fair A.I that look at you just like they would another A.I., so no speacial hatred or interest in you.Unless they get interested :)""Surprises to do happen which make the game that much better because they are fun good surprises, no bullcrap or sudden attacks for no reason or nonsense. It's so hard to explain.  It's like the A.I has a personality...  crazy.Battles are great. units have much higher moral. I was fighting a full archur unit with just two wee lil knights and i was doing well. It's awesome like that. as you take losses on both sides you regroup, gain full moral which is instant and keep fighting. it's great.Rats, lizards, dinosaurs and monsters are super fun to play as, won't spoil it. Everything is fun to play as actually. The dark elf people are my second favorite.  First favorite i am not sure yet because they are all so amazing. A split between lizard and rat race probably.  I also noticed this game is not politically correct at allllllllll. The women are naked basically and entire economies are based on slaves. For some factions anyway. where i enslave children and women and men to sacrifice to the gods or so many other things you can do with slaves without giving too much away. This to me is amazing and i hate political correctness. so to see nakedness and violent slavery where entire building chains are dedicated to slaves, or how to eat them or torture them or put them to work etc etc etc etc etc. Eating them like the rat race can do is very gory and we are talking about thousands and thousands of people you enslave and do different things with. I am surprised this game is so politically correct and violent like that. Deffinatly not a game for children. Especially whaching a horde of rats eat an entire village of people alive.... catching the people who flee as prisoner and killing the ones that fight back in a very violent way. You can do anything with the slaves. You can make anyone a slave as well. An army offered to join me and i just made them all slaves instead and enslaved them to a city that could hold 9,000 slaves i was trying to fill up. ""think twice before knocking on my door :)""All in all, from what i have seen so far the game is far more stream line and playable being a non warhammer fan. Very impressed. very violent. very gory. very non politcially correct. it's the opposit of political correctness whatever that is. which makes the game actually crazy. Not like a kids game at all.  VERY IMPRESSED."
76561198030274103,Recommended,594570,35313615,Posted: 29 September,all,bflance,"This game is simply amazing!!!!!I have been playing ""TW:Warhammer I"" for soo long, yet there have been some small issues that i somewhat made game ""inperfect"" in some sense..with TW:WH2 they have fixed so many things!!first of all, the storytelling is simply amazing, its interesting and done with great care, the characters, voice acting, graphics, all are top of the line!the replay-ability of this game is very very good, even tho there are only 4 races(more will be added with DLCs) and only 1 ""grand map"", still, each race differs so greatly and so many cool units,  and tactics to choose from that you will be playing this game in years to come.this is a MUST HAVE for any strategy and fantasy themed games lover."
,Recommended,594570,35275746,Posted: 28 September,all,Devster,Very solid  sequel to the first TW:WH. Improvements to the UI and other aspects of the game along with huge new map shine brightly. Definitely recommend.
76561197971699711,Recommended,594570,35275763,Posted: 28 September,all,Medjai,Only 9 hours in so far. The first Warhammer i played over 250 hours and by the looks of it this will reach 500 hours easily.Its very simple. Warhammer 2 exceeds the first game by far in terms of polish and especially the races. Total War has never felt so unique before and i am loving it.If u like RTS or u like Fantasy or u like both u will have a great time ahead of u. I also call this the closest thing to Lord of the Rings movie 2 and 3 with the big battles. It just gives that epic feeling.
76561198113972835,Recommended,594570,35294715,Posted: 29 September,all,Dico,Worth every penny I had spend on it!
,Recommended,594570,35265791,Posted: 28 September,all,=TFIB=Step-hen,"Such a good setting for a total war game- the magic from the first game is still there with all new content and some upgraded mechanics. Better than i thought it might be, im having a lot of fun."
,Recommended,594570,35270218,Posted: 28 September,all,JimmyWolf,"So I played this game for 8 hours straight and finished the story campaign. It's therefore not as long as a traditional Total War campaign, but this works very well within the structure CA have devised.The dynamic of how the game plays is very different to Warhammer 1. Each faction had a very strong focus on expansion and confederation in the first, leading to large sprawing empires that could, if you wanted, take up the entire game world before you finished a Long Campaign Victory. Chaos acting a check on your ability to defend your borders meant the end of such campaigns was always challenging but the storyline of Warhammer 1 was essentially ""Destroy all evil/good factions""For this game, CA has chosen instead to focus on far more on the lore and story of the Warhammer world and they've done a fantastic job. Rather than just having to constantly expand and stretch out your borders, you'll find yourself focussing more on a combination of early game expansion to acquire particular sites and then defending them while you pursue quest objectives and attempt to confederate. You'll find yourself feeling far more involved with particular parts of Lustria or Ulthuan throughout the entire game than you would in WH1, where once you'd expanded, you'd rarely return to your capital with your generals. Intervention armies that try to stop you from achieving story objectives can be purchased by your opponents, so it's vital to keep your core provinces protected. It means you rarely feel like you can just leave an area to generate money or resources after a certain point, and makes positioning of your armies on the campaign map more important in the late game.Everything is astoundingly pretty. For a Games Workshop fanboy, this game is a Warhammer Fantasy masterpiece that is unlikely to be bettered. CA have created High Elves in gleaming armour fighting the Carnosaurs and Stegadons of the Lizardmen in real time with abilities that are well within the boundaries of the lore and feel characterful and special. CA have taken this licence and absolutely nailed it. I cannot wait to see what they do with the remaining races (of which there are not many, Tomb Kings, Ogres, the armies of Nagash and the various additions from Age of Sigmar if they chose to go down that route remain) and battles are just a joy to play.If there are any criticisms to be had, the issues regarding unclear movement arrows are still there from more recent titles (I've lost count of the number of times I've thought I could reach a settlement or army and been a tiny bit short since Rome II), the larger, monstrous units can feel unresponsive at times in battle and large siege battles can get a bit laggy even on a relatively powerful machine (I7-7000k 4.2ghz, 1080GTX, 16gb RAM in my case), but nothing major or game breaking. I had no issues regarding crashes or bugs at all, which is honestly remarkable given most AAA games seem to release with a multitude these days.All in all, CA have given a huge number of GW fans an experience they've wanted since they created Shogun Total War. I can't wait for Warhammer 3 and for the masssive campaign thats coming up when the combine the worlds of 1 and 2."
76561198032193101,Recommended,594570,35274561,Posted: 28 September,all,Dark.Knight,"After 18 hours of play and completing the campaign with Lizardmen, all I can say is awesome game. Awesome graphics. Dinosaurs riding dinosaurs, what else do you need."
76561198018466377,Recommended,594570,35275640,Posted: 28 September,all,CrimsonEmperor,There are some Warm-Bloods that will dislike the game. But as the Old Ones had foretold this game has lived up to the hype!The Great Plan must be fulfilied! RAAAWRRR!
,Recommended,594570,35279585,Posted: 28 September,all,LordOfGreystoke,Fixes many of the issues from the first one and is very well optimized. The campaign is bloody brilliant and challenging. The races are very unique and the old races will be added in a few weeks. Haven't been this pleased with a game in years. Thank you for really trying CA. Play the lizardmen PLAY THEM DINOSAURS
,Recommended,594570,35281409,Posted: 28 September,all,MittenMarauder,"I liked the original Total War: Warhammer because it brought back a lot of nostalgia from playing it on tabletop. This time around, no rose tinted glasses, and no free pass. Honestly, this time around I think they did even better, even if some of it is still the same.If you were unhappy with the original, nothing here is going to really change your mind. If you liked the original, nothing here is really going to change your mind either. I would not go so far to say that it is more of the same, as the game felt different somehow, maybe because the campaign seems more fun, but I did not get anything that was beyond what I expected in terms of gameplay.For the uninitiated, Total War: Warhammer II is much like any other Total War. You'll take turns moving armies around the map, building up your settlements, researching, and conducting diplomacy. When two armies run into one another with hostile intentions, you'll get a prompt to auto-resolve a battle, or have a real time fight. Of course fighting the battle yourself generally yields better results, but that's for you to decide. Battles for a settlement play out much the same way, only you can choose to siege the settlement into submission, or assault the settlement with the help of some siege engines.The battles themselves are pretty to watch, and for the most part, require some tactics to win. You can win some fights simply with sheer numbers, but against higher tier troops this becomes less plausible. Granted you could spam high tier units to win against the AI, and likely have decent results. Along with every army there are Lords and Heroes, which can bring some abilities and/or spells to help your forces as well.Heroes can also perform special actions on the main map, with your usual flavors of spying, assassinations, in addition to things like healing your troops, or bolstering local happiness. Countering them requires a hero, and of course there's always diplomatic repercussions.Overall, I recommend this title. If you own the original, at some point it is planned for a bigger campaign that will include the original factions. At the time of this review, that has not happened, but it is something to take note of if you enjoyed playing the original.ProsCampaign mode has been a blast.Should be some interesting fights WHEN they add in the factions from the first game.I honestly just had fun playing.Maybe it was just me, but in this entry the AI felt less ADHD with diplomacy.ConsDid have one CTD, but was right after an autosave, but a CTD is still a CTD.Siege mode hasn't changed. It's not worse, but it's still only attacking one wall.I'm sure there's a setting, but holy tutorial spam batman. 50 turns in, I know how armies work, but tell me again.System SpecsCPU: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4790K Processor @ 4.40GHzCPU Cooler: Corsair H100iGPU: GeForce GTX 970 G1 GamingMemory: Corsair Vengeance 32GBOS: Windows 10 Pro"
76561198290876172,Recommended,594570,35283651,Posted: 28 September,all,marsh.daz,"If you do not have this game yet then I strongly recommend you do ASAP. Amazing gameplay, graphics. Cannot fault pretty much anything. My only downside is the economy is lower then the first one so need to be a bit more carefu. Overall an excellent game."
76561198038776999,Recommended,594570,35289028,Posted: 29 September,all,Crogster,"This game came out yesterday at 8:30am... I played for 15.5 hours until i couldnt keep my eyes open anymore. They took everything great from Warhammer Totalwar 1 and just made it better. Better graphics, better quests, better cities (more tiles for the main city of a province) and better units - DRAGONS!!!!Best Total War game....maybe even the best game I have ever played!! <3"
76561198016051625,Recommended,594570,35294849,Posted: 29 September,all,ayman,"I don't usually,  buy games only the one i really like! arrrrrr XDI really loved this game, always wanted game something related to lord of the rings middle earth II for game mode of lord of the ring. this exact game i was looking for!it be really amazing a lot faction in game but only 4-5 playbale races, i want to play other races,overall game is fantasic and can run on my potato pc lol perfectly"
76561198150433836,Recommended,594570,35295628,Posted: 29 September,all,Hideous Eastern Lowland Gorrila,Already playedd 5 hours into and  I am already completely lost  this world...can not wait for the future. CA/Sega you guys did it again.
76561198081285877,Recommended,594570,35305926,Posted: 29 September,all,NeverBackDown,"Best Total War title since Shogun 2. Perhaps maybe even the best Total War title ever? I feel like it is. The Vortex Campaign seriously keeps you on your toes. I nearly lost my first camapaign before 100 turns and I have played on Very Hard and Legendary. The fact that this was my first camapaign where I FELT THE PRESSURE of losing should say a lot. On top of that, I was playing on Hard this time. This campaign and the rituals really makes you have to heavily consider your tactical options. No longer can you just steamroll because if you do and forget to have a couple armies near your ritual sites, you WILL lose them. Not only that, the AI will raze the city. So your top tier cities are burnt to the ground. At that point there is only way to victory which is domination. The map is so large it becomes nearly impossible with all the factions in between you and the other Main factions.10/10 easily."
76561197983621560,Recommended,594570,35280784,Posted: 28 September,all,Ithica,"I've played every Total War since Medieval II and this is by far my favorite. I was a fan of Total War Warhammer 1 and it was enjoyable but this game, Total War Warhammer 2 is leaps and bounds better than the first. The game grabs you in a way that is unlike the first or anyother Total War I have played. Not only is this game fantastic but the developers and Community managers are amazing with communication and implementing ideas. CA, the developers, are clearly a team that cares about the player and what he/she thinks. If you enjoyed the last Total War Warhammer to any extent, buy this game."
76561198012711696,Recommended,594570,35284717,Posted: 28 September,all,Darkaiser,"I'm 18 hours into the game and have split that time roughly evenly between all 4 factions in order to be fair. So far, I'm very pleased.I encountered two very minor bugs that were purely cosmetic and did not repeat so on the technical side the game is very solid. Ran smoothly on my mid-grade machine but the game might stutter a bit if you're zoomed in on the Vortex and other stuff is moving in the frame.The 4 races play very differently, much improved over the first game in the trilogy where some of the races felt like reskins. The UI is also greatly improved and customizable. That annoying reminder to move that army you WANT to camp? Turn off the reminders.I can also appreciate the fact that the AI can win the game even if you're the most powerful faction. If the AI races get too far ahead with the Vortex rituals, you're going to be struggling to keep up.I enjoyed the first game very much but in many ways I think this one is better."
,Recommended,594570,35308752,Posted: 29 September,all,Catty,Great game very open nice maps and some good armies. Campaign is good cant wait until I complete it
76561198086085521,Recommended,594570,35276348,Posted: 28 September,all,Soviet☭Platypus,"I'm only a few hours in, but this game is beautiful. It already plays far better than TWWH1 did on release, and it can only get better from here. If you enjoyed the first game's race diversity, you need to buy this one."
76561198070924278,Recommended,594570,35283777,Posted: 28 September,all,epicbod,Beautiful. This whole series is a dream come true for someone with 20+ years invested in Warhammer Fantasy.  Minor annoyances with the delay of some features.. like the grand map adding back in the Old Wrld. The missing blood pack is also very apparent coming from the 1st game but we know that's all coming down the pipe. CA has obviously been very busy. These new campaigns will keep any fan busy for a while. Ongoing production from both CA Devs and talented modders will ensure Total Warhammer just keeps getting better and better.
76561198360814179,Recommended,594570,35279076,Posted: 28 September,all,Dissident,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, the amount of detail, the gameplay enhancements the added campaign mechanics, even the look of the game is all an improvement on the allready impressive first one. Keep up the great work CA"
,Recommended,594570,35268468,Posted: 28 September,all,pablo,Dragons getting killed by steroid abusing rats.Buy it
,Recommended,594570,35270309,Posted: 28 September,all,thetruepandaman,"Never played the first game, I didn't have a decent computer and money at the time. So I can't give you any comparisons between the two. What I can do is tell you how much fun this game is!! Even though it doesn't run amazing on my computer I'm still enjoying myself and learning along the way. I've mostly played Skaven and having a great time, It's not too easy nor too hard. As long as you make smart decisions..Watch some gameplay videos, study the game if you're unsure about buying it. Know what to expect. If it seems appealing to you I would absolutely suggest this game!"
,Recommended,594570,35278024,Posted: 28 September,all,Unleash Enlightenment |Ⓐ,"Obviously only buy if Warhammer-interested, the hard fantasy may be a big turnoff otherwise.Seems to be an overall improvement over the first one.Still, for 1440p ultra, i7 4790+GTX1080 is not enough. The game drops to 20ish frames while computing other factions. besides that stays at about 50-70 in the campaign map with some tearing.In-combat it sticks above 60 and I haven't noticed tearing there yet.You like Warhammer, this is the only good strategy series that's ""up-to-date"". And gets content. And does sometimes get bugfixed."
76561198026053616,Recommended,594570,35282783,Posted: 28 September,all,BlackHeartBuck,Total war and Warhammer have both been in my life for a long time and when they combined the 2 it was perfect. Total War Warhammer 2 is a great game they build on the previous one and if you own the previous one you get access to the combined map with all the factions.Btw blood will be added in soon.I mean come on dinosaurs vs dragons what's not to love?I will update the review after the mortal empires DLC comes out!
76561198106104200,Recommended,594570,35287621,Posted: 29 September,all,PLA 2,"I've played total war game since the first rome game, and this game to me was very unique similar to total war warhammer 1 but unfortunately it just feels like another 4 faction DLC with few new features. but its still fun hoping there are more playable factions to pick for upcoming dlc and i hope the dlc is free or atleast cheap."
76561198075005134,Recommended,594570,35289749,Posted: 29 September,all,Xyphos,"Played legendary campaign as Teclis. turn 19. While scouting, I encountered an ""abandoned settlement"". Moved my army to repopulate the settlement. I regret coming near to it, the vermintide is real.Waiting for the White lion chariots10/10"
76561198142818051,Recommended,594570,35411586,Posted: 2 October,all,YiddoMVP,"Excellent game. I thoroughly enjoyed the first but this one has taken it to a whole new level. The vortex campaign idea has added a new dimension to the overall story. It's set at the right pace too so you don't feel overly rushed & still get to enjoy the traditional aspects of a total war game. I eagerly await the new combined campaign to see what you guys have got in store for us. Exceptional work, well done to all involved."
,Recommended,594570,35368262,Posted: 1 October,all,Armorchin,"It is even better than the first game, Everything felt great."
76561198058545806,Recommended,594570,35397636,Posted: 1 October,all,Tejas Vheissu,"Amazing game, however, can your first DLC, as a matter of grave grave importance, please be the blood for the blood god dlc. I NEED MY GORE BACK"
76561198007297367,Recommended,594570,35420227,Posted: 2 October,all,Maevor,"Much better than the first game much smoother running, game feels more involved and immersive lots to do only gripes end turn times still a little long but well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,594570,35425338,Posted: 2 October,all,Teddy Bear,"Wow this game is awesome. I've played every total war game and while shogun is my favorite by far, this game is a true gem made with care by CA. I picked the Dark elves as my first campaign and there is so much attention to detail its amazing. Malekith and his seething bitterness. The dark elf soldiers sick looking armor. The rampant slavery and murder. I came in knowing nothing about the Dark elf lore and came out a big fan.Well done! Definitely recommend."
76561197961076890,Recommended,594570,35355728,Posted: 30 September,all,Radical Edward,Probably my favorite entry in the series and definitely should be in the Global Top 3.This edition brings back everything you loved from TW: Warhammer and expands upon it making a more complex and challenging campaign. There are also 4 brand new races that have not been explored yet and they are all unique and very fun. A wise strategy involves owning as many Shard sites as possible and expand to other continents where you can if you can support it (favoring ancient strategic sites like ports for the high elves for example).Campaign Strategy - 10/10Battlefield Tactics  - 10/10Graphics - 10/10Blood and Gore - 0/10Unit Design - 10/10Cut Scenes - 8/10Level Design 10/10Campaign Map Design - 10/10
76561198007675322,Recommended,594570,35396806,Posted: 1 October,all,zjeemvel,"I really like the first one. This one is even better. They took what worked in from the older total war games and used them here. Best game so far for me. Halfway my first campaign, i have plenty to do, AI is challenging and combat engaging. It just works!"
,Recommended,594570,35494181,Posted: 5 October,all,JB,very good game would recommend to anyone who loves total war. looking forward to the expansions.
76561198011144098,Recommended,594570,35496001,Posted: 5 October,all,MrSaggyPants,Great tweaks to an already successful series. Warhammer 2 is even better than its predecessor. Rich campaign with plenty to do.
76561198038679585,Recommended,594570,35392870,Posted: 1 October,all,鬼神 Kill Em All 1989,"Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better than the first, though you might want to wait for mods/the combined campaign if you want to really sink your teeth in"
76561198072899572,Recommended,594570,35364792,Posted: 30 September,all,Vlaxer ಠ_ಠ,To say this game unworthy of a good review earns you a visit from the local witch hunter.Also skaven are real.(Door slams open)Witch Hunter: YOU KNOW TOO MUCH!
76561197995821466,Recommended,594570,35414439,Posted: 2 October,all,rassolz,"Great TW game, needs little improvements but so far worth it all the way. Loving the skaven a lot, very fun and they have crazy lore to follow. One of the best TW to date hands down."
76561198006646855,Recommended,594570,35353818,Posted: 30 September,all,Gooberdrew,"Nice improvement over TW:W1.Not that I'm a big fan of the total war series, but in regards to the strengths of TW:W1 focusing on getting you into epic battles as opposed to focusing on grinding it out at the 4x level, this game takes that to the next level.  Multiple big, well tech'd incursion forces swarm your capital province when performing the ritual (you can cheese their spawn by positioning your armies well).  I played Mazda on my first run and also lord Skrolk tech'd super hard and didn't let me just out manuever him with a single doomstack when I spread my territory to him.  The ai in general seems to take more fights, even if they have a less than ideal circumstance which can be good or bad.The new faction mechanics are appreciated making that 4x grind seem a little less, well grindy.  Though I haven't played any of the other factions, the gemomantic web was quite cool and felt strong into the late game.  The new army abilities are great as well!  That being said it's my dream that they add army abilities to the blue line or maybe even some campaign abilties like giving Mazda a block army targetable ability on the map because: 1: you ain't bringing a priest with you as Mazda and  2:  motherf'er can move mountians and make them sentient, he can slow the progress of an army...Skill tree improvement are great, caster lords are beasts now!  Auto resolve is no longer the late game solution which is FREAKING AWESOME!  I could auto resolve past the chaos invasion in the previous iteration, made it boring.The game still has issues.  Actually graphically there is some issue with this game, some people think its the sharpening filter.  I fought this one siege battle in one of the skaven underground cities and it was really cool there was a giant beam of light coming from the surface that added some really cool abience.  Howvever the beam was PIXELATED AS HELL, made the map look like♥♥♥♥♥♥and I just rushed throught the battle.  Thats one example of 2 issues, sharpening filter and sometimes the lighting sacrifices being able to see whats going on for an attempt at ambience,  I'll take seeing whats going on any day.I mean it has new release issues in general and there are still some issues and headscratchers from TW:W1 kicking around but the game is FUN AS HELL.  Granted I'll have to see how the DLC policy works out in this iteration.I'll give it a score of 8.5 out of 10, Fun, challenging on the lower difficulties (instead of auto resolve ftw) and keeps you engaged through and into the end game with the vortex mechanic if you choose to use it as a race mechanic and not cheese the ""lose the race battle mechanic"".  Though I haven't tried the domination victory condition yet to confirm that from my own experience."
76561198066628800,Recommended,594570,35372153,Posted: 1 October,all,DarthNutsack,"The best of the total war games to date IMO.Whether you only played the history games or you have never played total war and love fantasy this is a must buy for me.10/10 would recommend to anyone who loves strategy games, easy enough for beginners but enough depth for seasoned veterans to be tested"
76561198008423724,Recommended,594570,35423453,Posted: 2 October,all,OyvayItsKaye,"This is what Total War: Warhammer should have been. Just finished my first campaign as the Dark Elves, which was very fun. I think the single biggest difference between this game and past games is that Warhammer II takes the epic siege defences that were always hypothetically possible (although you seldom if ever experienced them) and makes them a reality. This is largely thanks to a new mechanic that I originally didn't like, which is the spawning of chaos armies during each ritual in the middle of ones territories.On the final ritual, I had a Level V fortified city, with an 18 stack elite army defending against 4 elite chaos armies, followed by another 2 elite armies the next turn. The epicness of holding the fortress walls against at least 8,000 troops with just over 2,000 of my own was fantastic.On  a lighter note, the overall mechanics are very similar to Warhammer I, however clearly lots of changes and additions were made, most if not all of which were for the better.TL;DR: Game is what Warhammer I should have been. Worth the buy."
,Recommended,594570,35428032,Posted: 2 October,all,HERT2908,"Solid improvement from the original warhammer, recommend to anyone who enjoys total war games. This is very possibly the best made so far."
76561198279452277,Recommended,594570,35429552,Posted: 2 October,all,Blurrz,"RATS IN AN OPEN FIELD, N'EDThis game is fantastic. The Vortex campaign is complex, thorough and full of tension. The turns when your ritual is active is wild; intervention armies, Chaos and your enemies all ready to gut you. A great addition to the Total War franchise; and once Mortal Empires comes out? Going to be insane."
,Recommended,594570,35377396,Posted: 1 October,all,Beastmemes,"I'm marking this game as recommended because it really is fantastic and CA have done it so much justice...But they should have waited until they'd ironed out all the bugs to release it. I'm getting a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥AI bug where my troops won't listen to me or stop their assigned command halfway through, making me lose battles because they just won't do what they're told and will let themselves die. I physically can't stand to play any more until they fix it, which I hate because I was really enjoying it and could barely turn it off. I feel like I'm having withdrawl symptoms without it. Graphics are really sharp and ugly on recommended settings, I spent most of Day One simply trying to make the game look like some semblence of the smoothness of the first, which turned out to not be possible, but I did manage to make it look presentable to my eyes at least. There's a few quest and item bugs, there's a few other minor errors (that aren't even really issues but they definitely aren't present in WH1), but the most gamebreaking is definitely the AI bugs and imperfections.I LOVE THIS GAME and I DO recommend it to you all - but, waiting until a few patches are out maybe isn't such a bad idea. It's playable in the state it's in, but if you're anything like me, you may just want to wait a few more days."
76561198025191071,Recommended,594570,35458574,Posted: 3 October,all,Daggoth,as a Total War fan since the first shogun here is what I have to say about this game.Q: what word could describe something thats more epic than the actual word epicA: Total War: Warhammer 2
,Recommended,594570,35412705,Posted: 2 October,all,Bjorn,"Disclaimer: I've only played the Lizardmen campaign at time of writing.I'm going to get my issues with the game out of the way first. I figure if they demolish your interest in the game, you probably didn't want to buy it anyway.The final battle is a bit of a anti-climax. More of an endurance test than a test of skill- Much like the first in the series, it sends waves of troops at you with a little break for a breather and a gatorade before the next army hits.You can honestly skip the ""Final battle"" and not miss much- just youtube the last cutscene if it bothers you that much.Unless you tell them to attack an enemy, your troops will not pursue a fleeing foe.On the surface that makes sense, but I mean in any situation. At all. Even if it's a giant who got charged by three peasants and a duck: if you didn't tell him to attack at some point- he'll just stand there gormlessly while the two remaining villagers (and their duck) run home. That's what guard stance is for, if it's not in guard stance I want it to go find their hovel and stomp on it for a while.The political nark-o-meter seemed a bit stiff. Not sure if I put my foot in it big time that once, or if it just took 40 turns to rebound from one itsy bitsy can't-win-two-allies-fighting situation.Talking battle improvements:The giant monsters are wonderully meaty in battle. They seem to have brought the focus on formation disruption to the fore ground in this game, it's somewhat akin to watching a very determined turtle waddle through a bucket of ducklings.I think they've hit something good with the summoning of temporary units being available as a army mechanic, rather than just for spellcasters.While this is more of a skaven thing than anyone else, the ability to just drop a unit of meh-grade units in an annoying place- to cut off routing enemies, hobble their seige engines, or to blunt a heavy cavalry charge- adds an element of play/counterplay that I quite like.I'm pretty sure that 'COUNTERPLAY' was written in big letters somewhere at the first planning meeting, because the campaign map is full of it.Instead of the chapter based system of their recent titles, they've pushed the focus onto getting enough quest-tokens to pay for the next stage, and netting a nice cash bonus and a 10 turn buff to economy and recruitment.During this window every player has the option to fund a private army just to kick your teeth in. Which is lovely- you have to balance constant expansion- the total war ethos - with protecting your mcGuffins.  Finally the series isn't just 'conquer it because it's there'. Having a magic swirly plot device you have to steal/protect/tickle-with-magic-rocks(not even kidding)  makes it: conquer enough to protect what you have from the next chapter's horde of PMC's.This can be a very distracting feature if you can pull your enemy into a no-holds barred war, then sick your own mercs on their (hopefully) under-defended core provinces.The kind of capstone to it all is the way the chapter-hordes AI works.While their end goal is to nuke specific cities you hold, they aren't above casually plastering anything that looks easy enough to ride roughshod over. What they don't seem to do (much) is go out of their way to fight a barely inferior force. So a large part of my strategy for dealing with them was to use a pair of field armies to escort them to a well garrisoned fortress, picking off any straglers, and wear them down one army at a time wherever possible.All this only works because of how spaced out the map is. I'm not sure if it's actually bigger than the last game's but I do see that it's not as big as it lets on. While on land the actual space can be pretty cramped, each town being at absolute most two turns from the nearest neighbour, but the routes of travel are pretty restricted by either dirty great oceans(not ideal fighting grounds) or by jungle/tundra which slows progress to a crawl. Both of these form paths for the campaign to actually flow through, and the lines of action add depth to the campaign format. Depth like the boundless oceans that separate each continent, effectively dividing the campaing into several smaller campaigns, meaning any armies you send to other continent is one that isn't coming home for christmas, at least, not this decade.TLDR;Basic gameplay solid, all the bits are in the right places under the hood.Generally speaking, minor improvements in general function.Innovations on the theme of ""Your stuff = my stuff""Possible to win game without it devolving into dull ""pile all my men into one place and hit them"" cycle."
,Recommended,594570,35264941,Posted: 28 September,all,█████████] 99%,"Ultimately, it once again comes down to the experience of playing your first campaign. The excitement, strategy, conflict, uncertainty, and fantasy spectacle.Even if Total War: Warhammer 2 was made in a short time, it is clearly better than its first iteration and thanks to the four new races, the new story mode and the many gameplay improvements.BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD! , SKULLS FOR THE SKULL THRONE! WAAAARRRRGGGGGHHHHH"
,Recommended,594570,35285184,Posted: 29 September,all,Marshal Loss,"Last year, I said that Total War: Warhammer was the game that Warhammer fans had been waiting for.I lied. Total War: Warhammer II is in fact the game we have been waiting for.It's good. Buy it."
,Recommended,594570,35262767,Posted: 28 September,all,Emperor Constantine,"What do you know, a sucessful total war game launch... I honestly didn't expect it.It has its balancing issues here and there but apart from the SERIOUS lack of battle map/ environment interaction. The game is really good.Hope the mortal empires map is sucessful. The only large hurdle holding this game back is its quick sieges and lack of building/ environment interaction. The cities LOOK huge and amazing for street battles to take place chokepoint by choke point, staggered retreats up the levels of large cities... But its ALL out side the playable area. If we could just interact more with the cities and settlements, and make for longer LARGER siege battles then I can really see this game excelling. Otherwise it is an above average game that meets the standards it set out to."
,Recommended,594570,35267032,Posted: 28 September,all,✪ Sgt. Speirs [51st] ✪,"Able to Relive my Childhood, Best Total War game and very addictive, There gonna combine 1 and 2 so its like tabletop only better. FFA is what makes the game, Hella fun!!!Good Work CA!!! As Always!!!"
76561198036188853,Recommended,594570,35267082,Posted: 28 September,all,❀LB❀ Servius,"Played the game two minutes after launch. I played until nearly 4am even though I knew I had a dental appointment. I was really only expecting a reskinned total war 1 with a new story. I was immediatlly pleased by the MASSIVE world. It genuinly felt like there was space between the major factions. The units felt different from those in total war 1. Flying units path better, calvary are more responsive to continuous charge tactics, and even my normal foot soldiers are quick to move from point a-b intuitivly.I will avoid going too indepth on game mechanics but I will say that the many tweaks to old systems and brand new mechanical additions to the TW:Warhammer series were definetly worth the wait. Better graphics, more than one or two things to do each turn, more responsive combat, better tech trees, better building trees, little to no on launch bugs.If you are waiting on the outside to see if this game is any good STOP WAITING. Rating this at a 9/10 (10/10 if workshop support is added!)"
76561198025937906,Recommended,594570,35280249,Posted: 28 September,all,Tzardok,"Finally a good game with the Lizardmen... and they are glorious here!I have to sleep against my will, will play more on the weekend and elaborate further. So far the game is more of the action provided by the 1st one, with unique twists and refreshing setting units.Cheers!"
,Recommended,594570,35308167,Posted: 29 September,all,Feud&Cronicles,"P/S: This review for those player that having low GPU or CPU. IF you like the review please do Click the YES please. TQ!GTX650 ti16 GB RAMCPU AMD Phenom 2 x6 1100 OC Black Edition-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Setting all at LOW except Texture Detail and Unit Detail as Medium/High.(1024x768)with average FPS 20-40.Verdict : 8/10Single Player:  The Lag is duable and its funny tho, its only lag when you start the game, but after you explore the whole map.. drastic increase in FPS.Multiplayer: Getting the Spikes if too many casting and Artillery but still duable. FPS drop between 10-15 depending the situation.Siege: Drop 10-20 FPS, especially in MP. But overall its still good to play.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------GTX105016GB RAMCPU  AMD phenom 2 x6 1100 OC Black Edition------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Setting Let it to low with texture Detail and Unit Detail as Medium/high.(1024 x 768)With Average FPS 40 - 80 (sometimes beyond that)verdict : Just go medium or High... >,>Absolutely Beast in everything... So go Medium/high. (prefer your own taste and customize it as you like)------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Game Review:Its Like TW:W1 but bigger, badass and ratting (Gattling as well).PROS:- New Mechanics.- Easy to learn Hard to Master Compare to TW:W1.- Its all about Range. For now.- Lots of stuff to Learn. RELEARN as well.- Skill Looks Awesome!- Eargasm.- 1vs1vs1vs1 (Just slaugther them all)CONS:- Siege still not fixed.- Too many Range means You have to go with Fast and Furious Tactics.- The Rooster feel so small compare to the first 1. (DLC INCOMING)- This Game is not for player that wanted to play for  100 turn - 200 turns.Neutral / Upcoming!:- TW:W1 base game and DLC will coming to TW:W2 ( For those who own TW:W1)- Many Freebies (check their website)- FPS May improved* (upcoming patch)- Waiting for the common meta counter especially the elf and skaven.- This Review will update once a month. (due to it still fresh)English is not my first language, for all due respect take it with grain and salt."
,Recommended,594570,35287728,Posted: 29 September,all,Cplcash,"This game is superb, I have played every total war game from shogun till now and I can honestly say in the short time ive played this, this is one of the best, while I am no expert in the Warhammer fantasy world I am stll kept absolutely gripped by it, I have started two campaigns, one co op and one SP, playing as the dark elves in the SP and high elves in Co op and they amount of content and things to do in the game is fantastic, the research has improved, the units look amazing, also it runs smoother than Warhammer one and the graphics are beautiful, the lizard men have such a vibrant colour and everything is stunning, I can't really say much more, for me even if you are not a Warhammer expert(like me) it really is worth buying."
,Recommended,594570,35259061,Posted: 28 September,all,.WallzY?,"Fantastic game, Can't wait for the combined map to come out.Pros- Runs great- Dragons are actually useful- Vortex campaign is great- The new suitable climate mechanic is good while letting you take over anywhere- The AI actually attacked settlements, letting me have defensive siege battles- The Rites and faction specific mechanics (slaves, Court of intrigue) are a good addition- Lords are better now they can get to level 40 and you can make them immortalCons- Siege battles still the same- Still crashes a fair bit in multiplayer campaigns"
,Recommended,594570,35279689,Posted: 28 September,all,Seethe,"Nothing more, nothing less than a significantly more polished version of the first game. A lot of improvements have been done, agents have been FINALLY fixed, traits have been fixed overall, magic is a lot stronger, there are a lot of new animations. No more mass agent spam, and campaign map effects of the agents no longer require lame deployment, just the presence of the agents, since it makes more sense to be this way. I hope CA will apply this to all future Total War games. The vortex overall is a bit disappointing because it's almost impossible to lose the final battle should the enemy succeed, but that's mostly irrelevant because the combined maps of the first and second game is what matters(in my opinion at least). Do note that you need the first game as well for that, and that power creep his a huge possibility.Also should you succeed in racing everyone else to the vortex, the campaign effects are mediocre/unimpressive. The vortex loss difficulty can also be easily fixed in theory, either with mods or future updates.The AI can be a bit wonky (saw a rampaging unit that stood still and did nothing), but seeing another game released by CA in a polished and overall bugless state can only mean one thing: future updates will be even greater.Maps overall are superior to the previous game, sieges are still the same(mechanically, because they are a lot more beautiful this time), here's to hoping that they get fixed in the third game because as it is, they are super boring, require no thought, and they are repetitive.Overall, the benefits outweigh the detriments, massively so in my opinion. It is worth dumping tons of hours into this series."
,Recommended,594570,35292596,Posted: 29 September,all,Dustpup,"As a dark elf table top player and warhammer miniature painter/collector this game is a wet dream for me. I have been dying to play the dark elves in digital format and so far this game holds true to the lore and rule set.If you are a warhammer player or enjoy fantasy armies fighting on landscapes filled with magic then this is your game.Also looking for friendly people to play some multiplayer battles with, not looking for hardcore competition, just some relaxed banter while our armies clash on the battle field. I have a voice server for us to use while playing. Hit me up if you want to face the might of naggaroth!"
76561198096555557,Recommended,594570,35340632,Posted: 30 September,all,Rocketman,Fun game give it a try and refund it if you dont like it.
76561198021040302,Recommended,594570,35366314,Posted: 30 September,all,Alethby,Runs great and plays great just as good if not better then TWW1 :D
,Recommended,594570,35374617,Posted: 1 October,all,Carferry,It's not perfect but it is an improvement. In a way it's almost a shame my favorite factions were in the first game. Not a huge elf fan.
,Recommended,594570,35376099,Posted: 1 October,all,Tom,plays skavengets rats invades citynot enough ratsgets new lordloyalty realy baddidnt knowrebelsrekt half my♥♥♥♥♥♥gets even more rats to deal with rats and the cityin debtno foodjust rats10/10
,Recommended,594570,35365556,Posted: 30 September,all,nmargie21122,"I like this much better than part 1. Part one was good and each race had its own playstyle but it felt to me like they were all doing the same thing. Beat your enemy, join with others of your group and kill Chaos. Fun but no matter which race I played it felt like I was doing the same thing jsut forced to do it a different wayPart 2 on the other hand gives each race its own story per say. While each one is dealing with the vortex the story behind it is different. This makes one want to play and complete the game. I never played the campaign in part one of the greenskins, just never got the hang of them, a feeling I had about the skavin in part 2. Except with part 2 I can see playing the Skavin to see there story archA very good game and I would also recommend part 1. DO not late the people crying about DLC fool you. While there is a number of paid DLCs for part 1 CA gave alot of free DLC as well"
76561198043826786,Recommended,594570,35399110,Posted: 1 October,all,Vanguardian,"Total War series in my opinion is the best strategy game series out there. And the Warhammer series is the best of Total War. This has been proved with Warhammer II. While some people said it was a glorified expansion pack, it really isn't. The game is so exciting, with amazing gameplay and a campaign that actually tells a story this time. I would definitely reccomend this to all Total War and Warhammer fans. Simply gorgeous."
76561198027398951,Recommended,594570,35416086,Posted: 2 October,all,Carolus Rex,"I am not gonna lie, the game is not as optimized as one would hope. It get's really laggy during big battles and at the start of the AIs' turn.The game looks beautiful and the unit animations are very well made. The different races have different things going for them and it really feels when you play. Skaven have their warpstone technology, Lizardmen have their geomantic web etc.The whole race for control over the vortex is working well. You really feel the need to conquer the regions with that extra amount of ancient plaques or extra amount of warpstone. The AI actually have a chans to win in this game.This is probobly one of the best Total War titles we have gotten so far!"
,Recommended,594570,35360242,Posted: 30 September,all,Azurika,Lizard people WILL rule!WARMIES GET OUT REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!
76561198084179995,Recommended,594570,35355821,Posted: 30 September,all,BERT_MCKLIN,"You can now play the Lizards people, and ride massive carnotosorus and eat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of dwarveswhat ♥♥♥♥in else ! ! ! ? ? ?this game is good !you like warhammer ?you like strategy ?you like diplomacy ?you like big monsters ?GO FOR IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,594570,35284474,Posted: 28 September,all,Von Weisser,"After several hours on this game as Lizardmen, I can only approve this game !The new game mechanics are really good, AI doesn't suck and it is a real challenge to achieve the Vortex first !You love Total War ? Go for it !You love Warhammer ? Go for it !You love both ? STOP WORKING AND PLAY ALL YOUR LIFE !!!<3"
76561197987353225,Recommended,594570,35284368,Posted: 28 September,all,Scipio82,So far I love it love it love it no problems at all on release download it to preload and install in less than an hour Bravo creative assembly AND Bravo Total War.
76561198030388781,Recommended,594570,35284433,Posted: 28 September,all,BunnyManJoe,"This game makes me believe in magic. Corrupted Dark God magic, but magic none the less. The races are very well balanced and you really don't snowball out of control like you did in TWW. The tech trees for each race and great cause you need certain building to unlock them. So far I'd say this game is a perfect 10, but I'm a Warhammer fan boy. If you like Warhammer...and you love Total War. Welp you should have this game."
76561198007907702,Recommended,594570,35284404,Posted: 28 September,all,intrepgamer,If you love Total War and you love Warhammer this is probably the game for you. I really liked Warhammer the first iteration they made. The second build on it and expanded on everything that was awesome. The attention to detail is insane as well! I can't wait for the grand campaign when we can unlock from the first game.
78384154295596464,Recommended,594570,35505799,Posted: 5 October,all,D∃ltɑ,"It's like the first one, but it has rats, lizards, elves, and emo elves. It's great."
,Recommended,594570,35330082,Posted: 30 September,all,Ar-Aamon,A life long dream came true. For Naggaroth and the Witch King.
,Recommended,594570,35316751,Posted: 29 September,all,Khlad'a'Wzor,Evolution is Revolution!!!
76561198073938460,Recommended,594570,35283275,Posted: 28 September,all,American2all,"Total War: War Warhammer II is an amazing followup to Total War: Warhammer. We are getting 4 brand new continents, 4 races with 8 legendary lords and their own starting positions, along with a slew of brand new units. And with the announcement of the mega campaign comming out for free, which includes everything from the previous title, these 4 races will jump to 13 races with 26 legendary lords, in 19 seperate starting positions, but back to the main toppic, Total War: Warhammer II, they have made amazing improvements to the UI, the treasure hunting mechanic is awesome, and the ritual system is a good mechanic, and don't worry, it takes a while to build up the ritual resources. Anyway this one gets a 9/10 for me simply because of the $60 asking price for expansion level content. Now I have to go back and play as the Skaven, Squeek Squeek."
76561198037717760,Recommended,594570,35282767,Posted: 28 September,all,KREPTiiK,"Really fun game.I started only the other day with Total War: Warhammer. And I put a 13 hour shift in straight away, playing duo campaign with a friend and had a REALLY good time.So we both decided to buy the second one on release (I was waiting for it to actually be playable!) and have had a great time playing! :)So I would recommend this game, 100%!P.S I do have one slight problem with the game though, and it did happen with the first one, too. When I finish my round and the other factions are taking their turn. It lags REALLY bad. I have no idea why it does it.. As I know my computer is more than capable of running both games. But it drops down to lows of 15 FPS and it stutters if I try and look around the map.But that's my only problem. And if anyone knows a fix for it, I would be thankful if you could let me know."
76561198026361978,Recommended,594570,35265390,Posted: 28 September,all,JDraky,Great Game! A Nice improvement over the first one. There´s more control over the different things we are allowed to do. Not yet as other titles like Paradox´s games but enough for being a Total War game as the main focus is having real time large battles.
76561197990269825,Recommended,594570,35474138,Posted: 4 October,all,M. Ridley,"Improves upon the already solid gameplay of the original by adding a campaign objective and making the races/factions even more distinct.Also, you can control a giant hamster-wheel of death and if you don't think that's tight as hell you can get out."
,Recommended,594570,35440126,Posted: 3 October,all,loganjamesalex,"""MWUAH!"" *Italian hand gesture* ""It's a maztapiece!"""
76561197970503345,Recommended,594570,35466209,Posted: 4 October,all,verse,"Awesome game, bring on all the lovely DLC"
76561197973236217,Recommended,594570,35474601,Posted: 4 October,all,DDAlink,it's a better version of Total War: Warhammer I with some smart influences from Shogun 2. I love how the map really embraces color. AI is also less annoying to play with. (FAR less hero spam)
,Recommended,594570,35260489,Posted: 28 September,all,[U.M.B] ScrotieMcBoogerballs,whyyyy must I wait for blood and gore
76561198024274145,Recommended,594570,35284520,Posted: 28 September,all,Viking171986,"I have almost 1000 hours in with TWW1 and this game is a massive leap forward. It is optimized a lot better and in most cases runs better than TWW1. I'm running on ultra with 60 fps and no issues what so ever. I have a good rig but seeings how I ran TWW1 on my old computer that had a quad core on Normal settings just fine any PC made in the last 8 years should be able to run this no problem. Most of the negative reviews are from the cancerous elements of the total war community that want to cry about lack of ""Historical content"" so ignore these since most are not valid complaints anyway. The UI is a vast improvement from previous titles, the added RPG elements make you care about your generals and units. I'll go over a short pro and con list and this will be subject to change due to patches, dlc and flc.Pros:1: Optimized a hell of a lot better than the first game.2: Combat seems a lot longer than TWW1 (Can't wait for steel faith)3: Combat animations seem to be making a comeback (Will get better once blood is released in a few days)4:Gorgeous maps! (Can't wait to see what modders can do with this game)5:Amazing looking units (So far I've only played High Elves but from what I can see it's legit)6: Treasure hunts and ship wrecks (good source of bonus $$)Cons:1: Siege battles are still lame (COME ON CA LISTEN TO THE FANS LOL)2: Lack of blood (Obiously this will be fixed shortly and I understand why they exclude it but that doesn't mean I have to like it)3: Lack of races (Obviously will change when the grand campaign is released for free) (Also I'm a human player and hate the knife ears)4: Not a fan of the vortex campaign so far (I'm on turn 70 and I'm stuck on the island fighting high elves while everyone is doing their things)5: Not really high up on the list but lack of naval battles. ( Honestly I auto resolved most of them in Rome 2 and Empire but occasionally I did enjoy fighting them)The Grand campaign will be the meat and potatoes of this game and once it's released I will be super pumped. That being said this is still an amazing game and a vaste imporvement in most areas of game 1 and can't wait for what the life of this game will bring us. Highly recommend to new and old total war players and warhammer fans everywhere."
,Recommended,594570,35367111,Posted: 30 September,all,KngRetro,"I know this has nothing to do with the game, but No Mans Sky is a terrible game.p.s. Buy this game."
,Recommended,594570,35457361,Posted: 3 October,all,Fetus Blender,"This sequel is an upgrade to the Total War franchise in a lot of ways. I've definitely noticed a pattern with Creative Assembly's sequels being predominately better than earlier entries, and Total War: Warhammer 2 displays this phenomenon quite magically."
,Recommended,594570,35358619,Posted: 30 September,all,Zorbaz,"Total War: Warhammer 2 is a solid continuation of the good things of the first in the trilogy. Currently it suffers from a lack of playable factions, an issue that the first game had upon its new release. However, I am willing to wait for extra content that will hopefully be put out at a later date. The game is smooth, like real smooth. They have dramatically improved the tutorials describing all the moving parts on the tactical and strategic levels. Currently TW:WH2 is not moddable. I have seen several notices from the people running the show in smoke filled back rooms drinking and smoking that they are just testing to make sure that the base game is stable and that any fixes are quickly able to be spotted and resolved. I have not run into many if any bugs at this point. I have hopes for the unique take on each of the four playable factions. Another possible point of contention is the lack of units in each of the factions. This will be remedied by many great units mods later on.The battles are uniquely flavored with each faction having a unique approach to combat. The Skaven will hit you with hordes of hungry minions, while the High Elves will fall into a more traditionally diciplined army with extra magical support. The lizardmen remind me of the aztecs if the aztecs were lizards with a perchant for dinosaur riding. The Dark Elves have succumed to the more darkened paths of magic and weaponry.The final verdict is that if you like the fantasy genre and totalwar games you will not be disapointed when this is fully fleshed out, and when more mods are avaliable. This is a solid foundation, and there is room for improvement, but I am content. If you are not avidly in favor of this game, wait for it to go on sale. If you thik you will like it then buy it.Overall Review 4 of 5Skinny Factions and Units 3 of 5Well designed Objectives 5 of 5Armies of Rat, Lizards and Elves 4 of 5Hopes for the Future 5 of 5Mods! 5 of 5All of my Reviews are based on a 5 point scale. For referance 5s would be something I would remember five years from now. 4s are above average, and I would play them a lot. 3s are average, meaning I got some enjoyment out of it. 2s are just sad and 1s should never have been designed."
,Recommended,594570,35404204,Posted: 1 October,all,TriggerHappy,"First campaign is Lizardmen,14 hours in I am about to start the fourth ritual. I (last defenders), the High Elves whom inhabit the islands to the south, the wood elves to the north and the Bretonnians to the north-west control most of my continent, me being the main power with over 100k gold and a steady 10k income with my 3 armies. The undead have been putting up a valiant fight but, in the end, they will be outmatched. The Skaven of Clan Pestilens have been a thorn in my side since day 120 when they confederated with the hated Queek Headtaker. I have pushed them off my continent but they grow restless in Lustria, I have established an island fortress as an early warning system in case of an invasion force.  The Dark Elves of Naggarond are slightly ahead of me in the race for the vortex but they shall not win.  Lothern is directly behind me the arrogant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. My liege lord Mazdamundi is being pincered by Clan Pestilens and the Cult of Pleasure. Will update as I continue.So far I give the game a 7/10 Skaven AI could use tweaking...They are so easy to beat it's just funny. Apart from that, all the main factions seem to actually be the main threat in my campaign unlike most of my WH1 campaigns."
,Recommended,594570,35327281,Posted: 30 September,all,Klarum,"It is more Warhammer, and better. Enough said!"
,Recommended,594570,35318893,Posted: 29 September,all,Brango Beswizzle,ha ha yes
,Recommended,594570,35320731,Posted: 29 September,all,JSMillsi,"Ermigawd Ermigawd Ermigawd!I was never a Warhammer fan, infact even now I don't consider myself a Warhammer fan. Hell, I didn't even know what Warhammer was until TW:WH1, but I have always been a Total War Junkie. All the latest games, DLC's etc going back to the first TW:Rome.Warhammer 1 changed the Total War Recipe in amazing ways. Sure it was more basic and dumbed down, but everything about it was so good. (Plus I still play Attila when I want to satisfy that intricate craving).I know, I'm rambling but this game is awesome, I mentioned those points specifically because TW:WH2 fixes that ""Feels too dumbed down"" by not only adding in some of those more complicated aspects of the older TW Games, but they add Brand new mechanics for each faction you play- I mean actual brand new elements, not just playstyles/combat(though yes, that too). Plus there's a brand new campaign mechanic, that no Total War game has previously done, that is constantly going on in the background, and an actual campaign ""Goal"" that's not the usual ""Fit the criteria of a Military or Civil faction by Killing these people or get this many allies."" It's a real campaign goal and progression that you're trying to accomplish at the same as laying everybody to waste and taking over.The other point was to note how much further they pushed, broke and changed the envelope for the TW franchise in the greatest move that they have done yet.I give it )(9.5/10)( Well done CA.TLDR; Buy this game. Warhammer Fans. Total War Fans. Strategy, War, Fantasy, Command, (lists off all genres and sub-genres) Fans; Buy this game.Buy it.Now."
76561198137449605,Recommended,594570,35321179,Posted: 29 September,all,Inu,"This game is way better than the first one, and you can see that the majority of bad things about Total War WARHAMMER I have been treated for best. Such an amazing game, nothing to complain about it."
76561198080639417,Recommended,594570,35334869,Posted: 30 September,all,raeef-fu,like the game but cant wait for the old racesbecuase I only like to play chaos and I hope it become more modd friendlynot every update its not compatible with my modsor atleast make option to stop updates
76561197992154195,Recommended,594570,35277259,Posted: 28 September,all,Nezzen,"Hmm.. game doesn't load up :\ stuck at Total War splash screen.Edit: solved by changing refresh rate of the monitor from 180hz to 144hz.Still though, troubleshooting involved at the start for a reluctant purchase doesn't warrant a recommendation.double edit: Although it runs pretty poorly considering the system, It's an awesome game. It's much more streamlined (in a good way) than any other total war game. I would recommend this, and I hope it improves over time."
76561198052187998,Recommended,594570,35332757,Posted: 30 September,all,Aelies von Saladir,It has High Elves.10/10
76561198061105821,Recommended,594570,35352324,Posted: 30 September,all,HarveySlayer,"I'm a big fan of this game, but there's some problems that needs to be fixed. For one, I think it makes sense that armies in the ""Forced March"" stance cannot retreat from a battle because they're too tired;however, it doesn't mean a nearby army or garrison shouldn't be able to reinforce them. In addition, an army in ""forced march"" should be able to reinforce a settlement if within the red ring like in TWW1. I know this kinda contradicts my first statement, but it was a nice feature from the previous game. Still, I can live with it, but it'd be nice if armies in a regular stance can reinforce armies in ""forced march.""I also must give the developers props for changing the Total War campaign formula by introducing the Vortex Campaign, but some of it's game mechanics just don't work. When an enemy faction sends an ""intervention army"" that army should not teleport right next to one of the settlements where the ritual is being conjured. Instead, the intervention army should spawn on the coast/coastline bordering the territory like the Norscans do upon starting the ritual. No one shoud just be able to ""teleport"" an army to attack a settlement. If that's the case, what's the point of  having armies cross the ocean on ship to attack an opposing faction, just teleport. It doesn't make sense.Another thing, my lizardmen army got ambushed by an invading Skaven (chaos?) army while the army was already in ambush stance. I don't know if this is a bug or the Skaven have the random chance to ambush enemies like the Beastmen do but it was surprising nonetheless.  xDOn a more positive note, I love the new tech trees, province bonuses, rite rituals, and the assortment of buildings with their own bonuses for most of the factions in this game, especially for the Lizardmen. They're brilliant! The game also looks stunning, but no surprise there. My only recommendation for a future update is to provide the option to ""turn off"" the Vortex Campaign. I'm not saying the Vortex Campaign isn't fun, but it would be cool to be able to play a regular campaign in the new world. You can't beat the classics! xD"
76561198017156784,Recommended,594570,35343563,Posted: 30 September,all,Teppic,better than 1
,Recommended,594570,35301524,Posted: 29 September,all,bobby,i love rats
76561198305614991,Recommended,594570,35302022,Posted: 29 September,all,KillSwitch,Took me 15 hours to complete the Vortex campaign and I really liked it. Totally worth a buy.10/10
,Recommended,594570,35316971,Posted: 29 September,all,Budd Dwyer,"The plan from day one was just make a funny game and that was gonna be like, yeah, you know? And there's beautiful artwork and beautiful ponies to have sex with. I promise you that, I can promise you that you're gonna be getting so much ♥♥♥♥♥ in this game, Okay? You're gonna be having so much, ooh you're gonna do a different horse every night, oooh yeah. Okay? I promise you that. You guys got my phone number, my address and you got my facebook. I wanna show you a game that's gonna make you laugh and that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna give you a funny, sexy game with all the pony slit, all the horse slit you can handle. All the horse slit in the world is gonna be yours you're gonna be ♥♥♥♥ing all your favorite characters. That's about it that's all I have to say.This is a genuine endevor here. It's got some silly things going on. But you're still gonna get a game. and you're gonna like it.  The sex scenes so ♥♥♥♥ing hot, you're gonna blow your load right away. You guys are desensitized from watching too much of Pinkie Pie getting railed, so it takes you longer to jerk off you're not as hard and your ♥♥♥♥♥♥s aren't as explosive. You're dopamine receptors are all numb. Trust me when you fire this game up your little ♥♥♥♥ing nuts are gonna start quaking buddy. You're nuts are gonna start quaking. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You're gonna shoot♥♥♥♥♥you're gonna shoot HOT♥♥♥♥♥EVERYWHERE! And that gentlemen is a promise, that's my ♥♥♥♥ing promise right there. You're gonna shoot ♥♥♥♥ing hot ♥♥♥♥ all over your computer, all over your mechanical keyboard and your Razor mouse. I swear to God that you will bust a nut, the first time you play. That's my money back guarantee if you don't bust a nut the first time you play, message me. I'm gonna give you your money back and I'm gonna personally apologize to you.So Overall Score 8/10"
76561198010394642,Recommended,594570,35347939,Posted: 30 September,all,spcarlin,"Even better than the first. I love the map, the campaign has more too it so even the end game doesnt feel like just clicking past goes. The races are cool, and, because they have very different start zones, every race feels like playing a fresh new map which is great for replayability. No bugs so far, faster loads times, cool units, whats not to love?"
,Recommended,594570,35351134,Posted: 30 September,all,hmmm,wubba lubba dub dub
,Recommended,594570,35336687,Posted: 30 September,all,arrow2555,"Having played nearly every total war title since rome1, I have invested numerous hours into the various titles. TW:W2 has to be the most thrilling and intense campaign playthrough I have experianced so far. Thoroughly loving it and highly reccomend."
,Recommended,594570,35357285,Posted: 30 September,all,Harvs,"Good:- New races are great additions to the Total War universe with unique and interesting playstyles.- Graphical fidelity is at an all time high, the game is beautiful and well animated, especially Skaven and Lizardmen.- Additional audio fidelity and voice acting make for a more immersive experience.- Siege battles are fairly enjoyable now- Lovely maps; swamps, chokepoint battles, etc (why can't my skirmishers cross the suspension bridge?!)- Campaign mechanic is interesting, encouraging defensive play style- Magic 'feels' stronger and more impactful- Excellent quality of life improvements to the campaign mode, select which events you want to resolve before ending turns and you get a nice reminder! (stop bugging me to do the ritual!)Bad:- Ritual Campaign, random army spawns, etc have no place in a total war game- Siege battles suffer from glitches involving AI, gates, etc... an option to lock gates so they don't open for ANYTHING would be appreciated- Too easy to thwart enemy final battle- Rogue armies are an irritating mechanic and not fun, perhaps if  there was a diplomacy option to hire them as mercenaries...- Late game AI stacks monsters in armies, 10 war hydra infantry line is a thing- So many games on, and you still can't move a mixed infantry / cavalry / skirmisher army across the map in formation, at the same speed- Units can become unresponsive during battles, needing reissue of attack orders... too much clicking!Ugly:- Map is huge, going to another continent feels like an important decision- Map is huge, end game feels like playing civ without the city governers, tedious but it may be enjoyable if you like that stuff- No real innovation present in campaign mode, same old interface bugbears, why can't I sell magical items I don't need anymore? why do I have to scroll through 600 'followers' to find the one I want to attach to my lord? why can't I see my lord / hero attached army composition without closing the skill tree menu?- Combat speed is still too fast, infantry needs to hold for about 25% longer to allow us to employ tactics!Summary:An excellent iteration in the Total War franchise, full of the same idiosyncracies as the previous games.  Utterly enjoyable and will eat a lot of your time as the battles are fun, balanced and visually spectacular.  The campaign, while fun at the start, quickly becomes a min-maxing exercise.Absolutely 100% must buy!"
76561198215247543,Recommended,594570,35385112,Posted: 1 October,all,Leverkin,"The game is incredibly immersive. It is very easy to lose oneself in its world. :)By way of campaign mechanics it is much more complex than the 1st game of the trilogy. The AI is much more aggressive, and CAI especially seems more focused. Battles are incredible - animations especially.I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,594570,35385071,Posted: 1 October,all,Elynhyde,"I love this game, and  I will probably buy the first one for the grand campaign as soon as it comes out."
,Recommended,594570,35295038,Posted: 29 September,all,dangquangtruong98,Best Total War game ever
76561198008658326,Recommended,594570,35345548,Posted: 30 September,all,qwefg2,"Total warhammer 2 is a mixed bag. On whole it has a lot more tweeks that make it better than V1 and three relativly good races to play with. The campagin is different and there isn't a lot of game crashes on day one either.THe high elves are your standard 'hero' army. They are standard in terms of army, tactics, and of course spells. Their place on the campagin is good even if influence is a ""Love it or hate it"" method. Most of the time you'll use your influence to buy better commanders or heroes than go for the free weaker or hindered/damaged versions.The Dark Elves play similar to the High elves expect a bit squishier. Similar as one as above expect their main bruser can smash and cast spells. ON the campagin they are alright as their slave use is interesting as you can turn an entire region to focus on slave income or focus as they are kind of a fun 'evil' race to play as.The lizards are a mixed bag for the most part. Some of their bigger guys can be stuck in a 'blood rage' where they won't break no matter how bad things get... but they will also keep chasing after their target even if they will never reach them. Also oddly enough some of their mages are a bit weaker than the elves... which is odd considering some of their mages are suppose to be better. Campagin they are pretty much alright with laylines being a more of ""in the background"" bonus buffer.Skaven... the lovely rats... greatly injured in this game. The 'horde' race without the horde bonus. Their 'slave' units are king of worthless. Clan rats are slightly more expensive, but far more useful. Some 'lore' units seem odd, and some skaven weapons just seem to be differnt skin versions of other seiege weapons... which is a shame considering how powerful or chaotic some should be, but overall they are alright to play as on the field even if we wanted more or something else.Skaven campagin... these little buggers took a beating with a nerf train before they even came out of the tunnel. Food is interesting resource... until you need to use it. Settlements cost food and you can't make food so expansion takes a club to the face. Armies can raid for food... but also cost food so making 'slave fodder raiders' also takes a beating for that method. Heck most settlements for normal races just drops a rank... but skaven have to pay food just to get that extra rank. It might not be that bad if food was even more rare than warpstone.So with three descent races and a new campagin... it's alright and it's not that bad... but maybe wait a few days before buying... or atleast wait until steam workshop is back up for this game so you can mod it or get some of the old total warhammer V1 mods transfered over to V2 or wait until this game is on sale."
,Recommended,594570,35351317,Posted: 30 September,all,Steadymobbin,"Just wow... This is the complete total war package. I was concerned about the variety of play with only 4 new factions, but they add such a unique flavor to the game. It truly is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,594570,35388046,Posted: 1 October,all,MKingfisher,"Great game with fluid, intuitive combat and gripping strategy.I liked CE added a motive towards factions with either trying stabalize or trying to destabilize the cyclone. This was an improvement to the evil chaos being one of the only main evils of the first game. I also like how the franchise is choosing to merge the first and second and eventually third game together into a giant map.CE is also allowing dlc to be transferred from the first game to the second. This will surely make the people who were worried about more stupid blood dlc' s and stuff like that happy.Good work CE"
76561198037955806,Recommended,594570,35347735,Posted: 30 September,all,Gol D. Roger,"Everything that was good about the first was made better with this one. AI doesn't appear to be as cowardly anymore thus making the game more challenging on legendary, 10/10 can't wait for Tomb Kings."
76561198012633792,Recommended,594570,35406484,Posted: 1 October,all,heavenatkuta,"This game is the most optimized yet, Will wait for mortal Campaign"
,Recommended,594570,35329026,Posted: 30 September,all,Dr. Freeman,"So much fun, and a lot of great improvements to mechanics since the first one, once they bring the 1st games factions and other stuff into the 2nd one, it's gonna be the best total war to date yet! 10/10"
76561197963462302,Recommended,594570,35401542,Posted: 1 October,all,Il Duce,"Total war Warhammer 1 was a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lacking content and a proper mission, this has been addressed in Total war warhammer 2. Satisfying content and a real goal to achive in a competetive manner against the AI sure some glitches here and there. but havent meet any seriuse ones yet. I recomend this game."
,Recommended,594570,35398844,Posted: 1 October,all,truthwarrior,"I just completed the Campaign yesterday. I would recommend this game, even at its current price but understand you will eventually pay more for DLC’s to top it off. So if you can’t wait for updates and never want to spend money on a DLC then run away, don’t walk, from this game. If you’re an Total War or Warhammer Fanboy or Fangirl, then buy this game.The Pros:If you’re reading reviews of this game you are probably familiar with either the Total War series or the Warhammer Universe so I will skip those elements of the review. Suffice it to say that it is an excellent entry in the Total War series.The main appeal to this game is the new campaign, new map, and new races (i.e. High Elves, Dark Elves, Skaven, and Lizard Men). Additionally, there is a hope that you can the races from the old game and a merged world map.The new campaign was done very well. The basic premise is that you are trying to complete a series of rituals regarding a Vortex (which keeps magic and chaos in control in this world, according to the books). Each ritual required specific resources and required several turns to complete. I played as the High Elves and it was pretty fun. There were lots of challenges but nothing too over-the-top. The last battle almost felt over-the-top but eventually I was able to beat it. What is tricky about the campaign is that the other main races are also completing their own rituals for their own reasons. In theory they could complete the ritual first, causing you to lose the game. This does keep the focus of the game on the campaign. You cannot simply wander around and explore until you complete the ritual first or risk losing. I did not like that element because I wanted to explore the new world. But I saw the other players creeping up on me on the ritual timeline so I had to refocus. Do not get me wrong. It’s a great campaign but the pressure to win was always there compared to in Total War Warhammer I, where I was able to expand and explore at my own pace.There is not a lot to say about the new map except that it is fun. It certainly has a “world continents” feeling to it. You do end up needing to cross the oceans and start new colonies, or at least I did. I feel like the starting locations matter more in this game because it helps to determine who you interact with. As the High Elves, I was near the Vortex and more or less surrounded by High Elves the whole time. Most of my enemies came from across the sea. That gave me a little more time to see them coming and reposition armies as needed.The new races are really fun. I think that is why there aren’t more negative reviews about there only being four teams to choose from. The teams play very differently and the story sets the tone well to make you want your people to win. Like I mentioned, I played as the High Elves but I also started playing as the Skaven. The story for the Skaven is really different than the High Elves and found myself drawn into their story moments after completing the High Elf campaign.The old races and merged map has not been implemented yet. I will update once they come in. Right now the game only has the one campaign with four teams and the custom battle only allow the four teams to be played.The Cons:Basically, the cons for the first game are the same for this second installment. This game has the record of fewest teams in the Total War series. This game has 4 races, right now even the custom battle only has 4 teams. To their credit the teams play very different and are beautifully done (comparing them to the books), but I acknowledge it has the fewest teams so far. Even Pre-Ordering as I did, did not get me a new race like in Total War Warhammer I or any benefit really. What makes this worst is that the game has a ton of teams and races already in the game so by the time the DLC train comes you will be forking out a lot of dough to unlock the teams already in your game. The claim is that those who own Total War Warhammer I can bring their teams (from the first game) with them to the second game in a few weeks. That works out super well for me since I own all the DLC from the first game, but if this is your first intro into the series watch out. Then there are the DLC’s which inevitability exist to turn on the ‘Blood’ feature or add a random leader or something like that. So just like the last game, the base game is fun but I am not sure if it stayed ‘as is’ it would be worth the $60 I paid for it. I do consider it more of an investment because if they follow through with their promises then the game will be epic.Another problem is that we still do not have game mechanics from the others Total War series. Armies cannot stand in different formations (ex: Horse triangle formation for charging, spear wall for units with spears, lose archery formations, etc.). Also, there are no temporary defense, encampments, or Naval battles. To their credit they added a map type called a ""Chokepoint"" that kind of functions as a bridge map and added minor settlements which kind of functions like an encampment, so that is an improvement from Total War Warhammer I. Essentially all battles are armies in rectangle formation smash into other armies of rectangle formations and then to win you try to move rectangles around their rectangles to out flank them or break their morale. To their credit, monsters and magic are not rectangles and change that strategy a tad.The last thing I would say as a potential con, but its really not really a problem once they integrate the other teams, is that in Total War Warhammer I the variety of the teams were such that not all teams could do everything. What I mean specifically is that Vampires had no ranged unites, Dwarves had no magic, some units had tons of flying units while others practically had none. These varieties forced you to strategize in completely different ways. In this entry, they all basically have and do everything and the elf teams are extremely similar.I will post the full review and score listed later. Here is the temporary one for nowCampaign/Story Mode:     Score 8Non-Story Mode:     Score 9Replayability:     Score 9Graphics:	     Score 10Sounds:      Score 8Achievements:     Score 9Price:     Score 8DLC	Score:     N/ABugs/Glitches:     Score 9 for having almost no glitches on releaseMods/Cheats:     Score N/A"
,Recommended,594570,35405545,Posted: 1 October,all,Big Boom Boom,"A great improvement over Total War: Warhammer.Better graphics, or maybe the colour palette is a lot better. Rainbow colour,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hatted Aelves, Pink dinosaur, purple rat etc.Better magic. BIG BOOM! BOOOOOM! BIG BOOM BOOOOM!Better winning condition.Better cutscenes.Better musics. Disco Aelves.Better number. Thirteen is a better number, at least for Rats."
,Recommended,594570,35449574,Posted: 3 October,all,Otis,"I took two days off of work and binged this thing from the early morning to late in the evening. I regret nothing.I've been a fan of the Total War series since Rome 1 was released -- I was a teen at the time -- and Warhammer was an obvious choice for a crossover. I never thought it'd happen, and when it finally did, it was a dream come true. Flawed in its' ways, but a solid game nonetheless.This game -- a fully fledged sequel -- improves on the first in nearly every way. The game looks better and runs smoother than the first. The four new races feel different from the selection availble in the first that were all unique themselves -- quite a feat! The campaign map is detailed and gorgeous. Battle maps have drastically improved -- High Elf gates on the continent of Ulthuan -- an Atlantis Analogue -- and while there may be a touch of variety lacking from pitched battle maps on a continent-by-continent basis, this may only be evident because of what I've found to be the most stark difference with the first -- you're actually playing battles.In the first game, beyond the first 25 - 50 turns (depending on how prosperous your empire is), you're either squaring off against forces too small to be interesting to play or defending against an overwhelming force wherein you had no chance of victory. I've played more battles myself in these first 45 hours than I did in the first 200 I sunk into this game's predecessor. The AI is willing to attack on even ground, so to speak, fielding forces that are comperable to your own...makes things much more fun.I'm sure I'll be accused of Fanboying, but CA has really knocked this series out of the park. They've been communicative on the subreddit, seem to enjoy interacting with the community, and the love for their product shows so brightly in this game that you'll wear a smile even when you're loosing, just because it looks so damn cool.I can't recommend this game enough."
76561198010142913,Recommended,594570,35445984,Posted: 3 October,all,Spartanmatt,Don't mind me. I'm just adding my rating to let CA know they're taking this franchise in the right direction.
76561198017822481,Recommended,594570,35427357,Posted: 2 October,all,[WoA]Iatos,"Well I've finished my first campain as Dark Elves on Hard Difficulty. It was not that hard in the long run, I was behind in the beginning but easily caught up in the end.What made the Campain more annoying for me than Hard was probably the Bad Spawns of Interfering armies during Rituals.Not only did they seem to spawn in the middle of your territory, they also steam rolled your weaker settlements that as usual is more of a nuisance than actually dangerous.Compared to how with Lizardmen they spawn outside my territory or have done so so far making it way easier to deal with even on the Same difficulty.That's to mention I've learned a lot too I guess. Public order and corruption is a rather pressing issue for D-elfs. And semi difficult to have a good economy.But I could probably have had a better start if I hadn't been so friendly to my allies, but most of them wanted to Join Confederation in the end so it worked out.It seems the time i've spent building up infrastructure and relations worked out which is a nice reward. Ended with a Gross income of 40k Per turn, had like 50k Slaves and Ten or so full armies lol.Overall I like the changes to the Game over the First Game, messages that aren't as important dosn't pop up on the screen and bother you, instead are shown as notifications in a scrollable list that shows a small window of what happened rather than paint it all over the screen that you have to click away.I honestly didn't find the Black Arks very useful as the Dark elves, Sure it Gave you the ability to recruit Most of the mid tier and lower tier units anywhere at least somewhat close to sea. But it felt somewhat overated when any army can still travel at sea and it was so much faster to just pump out a full army in three turns from my capital and ship it to a new destination than to spend the incredible amount of time to build an ark up.Its to Mention Arks kinda work like Hordes factions do: with the exception of being more useless as it can't really attack anything that's not on the ocean not even ports which kinda make it feel like a very costly and time consuming Mobile support unit which it is.It gives you nice support abilitie like artillery and stuff you can use within its area of influence, kinda cool to get some bombardment skills, but then again its questionable if its worth it.My Summary for the ark is that it surely could use Some improvements; not only does it not produce any Income, it also can't do much in the campain on its own. If it could attack ports it could at least do something, well except for sailing around and picking up treasure chests I guess which it was pretty useful for.Perhaps if the Ark had some Hero Upgrades that increased growth and reduced cost for having it would be neat. Upgraded armies can even travel further on sea than arks. 10% increase is a slight extra distance.-It can't use items or the Buffs it can collect, sure 6+ attack and armor is nice, but it seems quite unlikely they will find something to use it on compared to normal armies.---------------Things that can easily help you in campain:The sea got plenty of treasure: Shiny icons in the water that can bring you up to a whooping 10k! Gold. collect a Few of these to help build stuff early for a easier start.It almost feel like an exploit to seek them out as they give Plenty of Nice stuff and Items. They give buffs to armies too which make it very worth it to collect with non-naval units.Aim to capture cities that can produce the items required for rituals. They are Marked with a Ritual item and are somewhat more glowy than normal cities. You need them to stay compedetive in how many rituals are performed, its not impossible to win a catch-up game but it makes it trickier.They produce 10* the amount of Items the normal cities do meaning they are worth 10* as much.Be ready to defend yourself when you press that Ritual button: A lot of enemies will spawn to attack you when you do, all from two chaos armies to ten+ armies. All with increasing difficulty.These armies seem to spawn pretty much in the middle of your territory too if you play D-elfs. I lost probably 20+ towns because of the randomness of spawns and because I didn't quit learn the first time that I actually made them spawn by performing rituals or that the AI could spawn intervention armies. I had terrible income for the most part lol, before it got stable.------------Anyway: The Game is Good, It certainly feels like a New Campain with new races as well as a Few Familiar ones. Conisdering the Price of the Game compared to the DLC's its surely worth the money. 60, compared to 10 per race. With 4 races, 5 with norsca for the old game, and a new campain its a Nice deal.The Changes also make it feel Fresh, it seems they Learned something from the  First one and made Improvments in the Second.-Theres a Option to make heroes Immortal when they reach lvl 20. Assuming they live that long its a big relief knowing that your non- Legendary hero can now get wiped without you loosing it forever.Might almost feel a bit OP lol xD.Traits have a slider telling you exactly the bonus it gives, and what you need to do to improve it. Or what bad stuff it gives lol.... Some bad traits got an interesting good pay off, like Insanity: which you get from spending too long in corrupted cities. It increases your weapon strength but decreases leadership and public order.Its more continental than the First game that was pretty much a huge landmass with some water on the sides. Meaning ocean travel is a thing when traveling around a lot, its probably not as much a part of the game so far as intended, but its still a interesting way to get around as you can't walk everywhere.If Ocean trade was a thing, and coasts could be raided, then pirates and Black arks would be more interesting as they would play a more interesting role.Try personally shooting a Elf Ballista: its very fuun with multi-shots and super fast reload speed, you decimate stuff xD.I like the game, and think that most people who liked the first one will probably also like this version. Now I just need to wait hope and Pray I get to Play Ogre Kindoms which is my chosen race for the table top game."
,Recommended,594570,35401032,Posted: 1 October,all,Part 3,"Ok basically im just going to be doing comparisons with this games predecessor TWW 1Total War: Warhammer II basically a fresh coat of paint on the previous titlewhat it does right:-Climate mechanic or settlements/cities/gates is great, it provides challenging gameplay for would be map conquerors and can be lore friendly in certain ways-campaign map was well done as far as aesthetics and themes go, the seas feel vast and trecherous, foreign lands feel alien and mysterious and the local inhabitants usually are not very welcoming (sailed from Naggaroth to Ulthuan shortly after landfall was welcomed by the MILF hunter Tyrion, his host of pointy eared♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and a couple of pets from their aviary they were taking for a walk)-Voice acting for the Rat people is superb (not that rat people exist)-Treasure hunting mechanic, im liking it so far. Still dont know enough if its always random no matter your choice in an event or if its set and can be exploited to get bonuses, will update my opinion on this.-choke point battle maps, now you can strategize your way to victory against overwhelming odds.now for the cons:-AI, battle AI is as underwhelming as ever, was hoping for something improved but its more or less the same thing.-siege battles are dull, holding walls doesnt feel like much of an advantage, assaulting walls isnt much trouble-Intervention mechanic, balance issues with this mechanic not really feeling it. AI also has a habit of razing settlements that are ungarrisoned and unrelated to the ritual taking place-random sea encounter (shipwrecks,mysterius island, etc.) unlike the treasure hunt I never got anything negative from exploring RSE's, takes the thrill of risk and reward out of itconclusion:I didnt touch the pricing of the game because value differs for every individual. I thought of it as buying 5 race DLC's (5th race norsca for the 1st game as a free early adopter ""bonus"") for 14.4 CAD$ each, which sadly is a price ive come to accept.If you own, played and enjoyed the first TWW by all means get itIf you own, played and didnt enjoy it, its basically more of the same thing stay awayIf none of the above, then as always wait for a sale ""bonus"" isnt worth much without the 1st game."
76561198064521554,Recommended,594570,35327692,Posted: 30 September,all,RTK I3_O_S_S,"Better then the first. The graphics (Anti-Aliasing) is kind of buggy atm, and there are only a few new lores of magic plus the multiplayer is very barebones.. other then that this game is well worth 80$ in my opinion"
,Recommended,594570,35490438,Posted: 5 October,all,Viktor,"I love Warhammer and own the first Total War Warhammer game, I rated that one with non recommended even tho I own it and all the DLCs just because the price an DLC policy and this game is the same, I won't rate this game as non recommended because I really enjoy playing this game but be aware of the high cost game this one is, abbusive DLC policy.Aside from that, Buy this game in sales if you can wait and just the DLCs of factions you really like (I bought all of the previous game and ended just playing the ones I like the most that are Norsca, Vampire Counts, Chaos and Beastmen so all the others DLCs I could skip them but I'm a bit o completionist and did that stupid thing, don't do the same)Enjoy this game but with brain :)"
,Recommended,594570,35405910,Posted: 1 October,all,GeT_SwErVeD,"Improves features from the first game, and adds a new, dynamic campaign. All of the races feel very thought-out and balanced, and the map is absolutely beautiful.My only qualms are:- Only two-player multiplayer. The new campaign mode really would shine with a 1v1v1v1 campaign. Also, the AI factions are less interactive in multiplayer (they don't compete for the vortex).- Lord/Hero level cap. Players who keep their lords and heroes alive should be rewarded, especially when the new, larger skill trees (for Lords) leave many skills unlocked.I am eagerly awaiting workshop integration and the second campaign map. If you aren't eager to buy now, then hold out until those features are added and the game will only get better (and likely go on sale)."
76561198157988386,Recommended,594570,35405782,Posted: 1 October,all,Vlad von Carstein,"If you liked the first one... This ones better... If you don't like the Vortex campaign wait till they add mortal empires, which is basically just a massive conquest with the old world and new world... They've said mortal empires will be freeLC so don't worry about paying for that.There'll also be more added races... #TombKingsplz  #OtherRacesIDon'tKnowI am Vlad von CarsteinI like that Skink"
,Recommended,594570,35259450,Posted: 28 September,all,slimabob,Improves on TW:W1 in every single way. A fantastic new entry in the Total War series.
,Recommended,594570,35264314,Posted: 28 September,all,Kaizaki89,"Even better than Warhammer I. And yes, this is my impression under 2h of gameplay.Huge performance eaters are shadows and MSAA AA and Ultra Effects - After I turned those off I had smooth and still gorgeous looking gameplay.(GTX1080 rig)Looking forward to having my Blood and Gore DLC carried over and enabled ;)"
76561198058124023,Recommended,594570,35264369,Posted: 28 September,all,tomothamon,Amazing!
76561198055392438,Recommended,594570,35264580,Posted: 28 September,all,Alex1471,Great game but some balacing issues from early game high elves. Lizards are F**king Amazing tho
,Recommended,594570,35278968,Posted: 28 September,all,spageti boy,I have 352 hours in Total War: Warhammer 1.I really loved the concept and it introduced me to a world I've never heard of before. It's now one of my all time favourite games and personal favourite series (Warhammer Fantasy).Though the first game felt very limited and boring - modding felt like the only answer to your needs. Sadly some races were weaker or not as wonderful as you anticipated in the written lore. But they all felt magical and real.This game revived the magic - It didnt just make you feel that magic all over again but it not only feeds your needs but it also is very open to your demands. I feel like this was almost a love letter to most fans. Of course more content is on its way but the game is going to get another 300 hours - maybe more.Do I reccomend it even though I have a mere 3 hours so far?  A B S O L U T E L Y !Once I complete a campaign I'll give my overall thoughts.
,Recommended,594570,35284231,Posted: 28 September,all,AjaX,"I've played every Total War title and I can honestly say that I love both the historical and fantasy titles CA puts out. This is, beyond a shadow of a doubt, the best at launch product they've ever made. The campaign - sweet Jesus it's incredible. This game is crack and I welcome becoming an addict."
,Recommended,594570,35285637,Posted: 29 September,all,Seldanas怖い黒人,"Total War: Warhammer II is a large improvement over the original with improved graphics, gameplay optimisation, tweaks and fixes for UI and more. The game itself very much follows the traditional Total War set-up, but what makes this title stand out is it's characteristics; a fresh experience even for veterans of the series, where despite ones previous mastery of strategy will be put to the test with invigorated battle & campaign dynamics.I've yet to find any flaws, minor or major, even after 15hrs of playing since launch (which was yesterday). This goes to show the amount of polish that went into the game, and does in many ways surpass that of Total War: Warhammer I"
76561198079369020,Recommended,594570,35292724,Posted: 29 September,all,Seared,"The best total war game i have played, and i have played them all."
76561198124234329,Recommended,594570,35300457,Posted: 29 September,all,ReolDegurechaff,One the best game this year
76561197999069485,Recommended,594570,35300856,Posted: 29 September,all,Bydluck,"If you liked first one, you will like this one.Good new races, awesome new maps finally alowing for some sneak actions, Map is good, vortex campaign is pretty good.As for downsides I don't really like idea about spawning 2-6 full armies next to the cities as soon as you start ritual. Kinda annoying if they spawn near the least protected one and attack in the same turn without giving you option to reinforce"
76561198068311496,Recommended,594570,35305359,Posted: 29 September,all,SirAngel,Great game alot better then the first one.
76561198019371147,Recommended,594570,35311420,Posted: 29 September,all,So ZorG,The game has Lizardmen!
76561198062733194,Recommended,594570,35312712,Posted: 29 September,all,dsr085,Fun. Improvement for most systems over TWWH1. No regrets and will likely put significant hours into this.
76561198001156917,Recommended,594570,35314498,Posted: 29 September,all,NxlZhr(McDrizzle),"Can clearly recommend this game! Has been playing for 10 hours, and that was only a fraction of what the game has to offer!!! I can only say that this game is worth every penny I have given for it!!"
76561198002319062,Recommended,594570,35314688,Posted: 29 September,all,Kedde,"so i am really in love with this game!like the things that got changed from game 1, and the better changes for the campaign map.I really think they also overcome themself in the models love the way they lookhavent gotten that much playtime in as i would like. but i love this game and will recommend it for everyone!skaven are in my opinion the best faction! ♥♥♥♥ing awesome to get into a battle and just have 3 armies of 20 stacks and just rush into battle and just clomp up the enemy while your artellery is hammering them best feeling ever with skavens!but i like all the factions! even tho im only gonna be playing skaven 90% of the timei am a massive warhammer fan and i love this game!but i also think CA made an awesome choice when they wanted to make tw:w cause this game is amazing much better than game 1, and much better graphics"
,Recommended,594570,35259776,Posted: 28 September,all,Talbor Von Smid,Even better than the first one. Lizard men for lyfe
76561198062523817,Recommended,594570,35259833,Posted: 28 September,all,holmesyw,The return of RTS king.
,Recommended,594570,35259928,Posted: 28 September,all,Mulish Mule,It's the dogs nuts. There are not enough rats for all the orefices.
,Recommended,594570,35265989,Posted: 28 September,all,Ahashra,"Completed campaign on Legendary reviewTook 40 hours to finish the campaign on Legendary, with it being my second attempt. Full verdict:The game is way more optomised than Warhammer 1, for AMD systems and runs way better in general than Warhammer 1. The UI is way more slick and brings Total War into the modern era, and the balance between factions is better. That being said, there are a lot of general bugs in the game that often require you to relaunch it to fix, and the campaign mode isn't as good as Warhammer 1 (read below). Hopefully future patches will build on the base game, like Warhammer 1, to fix bugs and make content more interesting.New victory conditions are horrid, with the vortex campaign being bad in general. By horrid I mean that they are boring compared to Warhammer 1, with each faction having the same goal and jumping through the same hoops. It slows down the game in general, with the only major threats to your faction being each time you try to compete a campaign goal. Within certain milestones of collecting x amount of scrolls elite armies will spawn 1 turn away from your provinces and start pummeling you as of next turn, and then camp any settlements they destroy. AI can pay to send in their own armies, which just magically appear, and attack in the same turn. Despite being hostile to each other, these AI armies will only attack you, not each other. They will ignore all other factions and head straight for you. You can pay to raise one of these armies and send it to a AI province, but in the entire campaign I only had one army succeed in stopping an enemy ritual.The way the victory conditions are setup seems to place the PC at a major disadvantage behind the AI races, meaning you are playing catchup. To make matters worse, it appears that the AI has a massive bias towards attacking the PC and generally banding together until you can start making meaningful alliances towards the VERY end of the game. This is because by that point you will get diplomacy bonuses from victory conditions and bonuses from killing the same certain faction as other AI, meaning you get a much better chance for alliances. I was only able to forge one defensive alliance, within the last 20 turns of the game, because of these factors making it possible. Some AI seem to power towards a certain point, then stack units, and become an immovable object very early in the game, despite being set as early objectives for the PC to take.There are also some annoying bugs, the main one being with the Black Arks that Dark Elves can build, with them basically being almost 100% useless. Some animaitons / sounds on characters appear to glitch and repeat over, and over, and over... Another I have encountered is tabs that appear over skills getting stuck on screen and only being removed when the game is reloaded. Another annoyance is that there is noticable recycling of music from Warhammer 1 in the game. The most annoying bug is the Black Ark one, which I would like to see a patch for, just so that they aren't useless.Despite this review being negative, I would recommend the game. It is absolutely brilliant all in all, but the campaign just seems to be going in completely the wrong direction. The unchaining of the vortex seems to have been inspired by the End Times material from GW, but the translation from tabletop into the game simply does not do the lore justice. Hopefully the first patch will change the AI to make it less annoying, but I still feel a campaign like Warhammer 1 would have been much better and more iconic.The game would benerfit from a more traditional campaign mode, with each race having lore friendly objectives. At the same time the AI should generally be reworked so that they are a severe threat, as opposed to the only threat coming from events surrounding the spawning of armies from vortex events. This would make the game more difficult and more interesting, like Warhammer 1, which I think would be a good idea. I am rather disapointed that I was able to complete the game on Legendary on just my second attempt, in just over 200 turns. Warhammer 1 took much more skill, planning, and time, but also had much more replayability with different race victory conditions. Regardless, I would still recommend."
76561198281761681,Recommended,594570,35271271,Posted: 28 September,all,mattsmith_66,very good game the frist was brillent but this one step up ;)
76561198040434448,Recommended,594570,35277256,Posted: 28 September,all,Xalek96,"i loved the first game, had 700 hours in it, ive now found new love, its called Warhammer Total War 2, and im gonna love it looonnnggg timeeeee....."
,Recommended,594570,35277693,Posted: 28 September,all,Sizzle Manslap,"Total War: Lizardmen is by far my favorite game of the franchise. I really like both of the legendary lizardly lords. One is fat and good at magic and the other is ripped and good at axes.They included a really wide variety of lizards and supporting dinosaur units that are all really great.A minor detail, but still notable, is the variety of lizard food available to feed your lizard armies with. It ranges from your typical rodent-feed (for your bigger lizard boys) to cuisines from more exotic locales.The highlight of the game is commanding your lizard forces in their hunt for more food. Some of my friends have told me feeding their precious lizards can be a challenge.I say ""listen, friend.""Step 1: Superior lizard tactics. Lizards are already smarter and faster than their food, you must think like a lizard if you are to command the lizard.Step 2: Sometimes better strategy is not enough, perhaps your opponent brings too much food for your lizards to eat. In this case, I recommend application of dinosaur-based energy weapons constructed by top lizard clerics.Step 3: I doubt you will ever reach this step unless you play at the hardest of difficulties. In this scenario, lizard brains and dinosaur brawn have failed to achieve your precious lizard dinner victory. In this case, simply do nothing. Your lizards will get very angry at your incompetence and stop listening to your orders. They will simply win the battle for you.Soon a free DLC (Mortal Empires: Lizard Food Variety Pack) will be released to add a wider variety of feed for your lizards. As you can see, this game is an excellent value.10/10."
76561197991697232,Recommended,594570,35280695,Posted: 28 September,all,Ryhnhart,"It's essentially a heavily polished version of the first iteration. Unique (and interesting) mechanics for every faction, similar to how the DLC factions were handled in the original. Everything feels better, magic is hyperlethal but EVERYBODY is hyperlethal it seems, archers have been improved and most can now arch their fire over friendly troops.Cons will be it's DLC policy, which sucks but I understand it isn't as easy as swapping models and animation sets. The lack of blood sets the stage for yet another blood dlc, which is ridiculous. It also has some huge balancing problems but that will be fixed, War Hydra's being nigh impossible to kill given a skilled commander. Some Skaven magic I've seen can literally take an endgame unit and drop it to 10-20% strength.I wasn't expecting this to be better than the original but to me it is, content may be lacking but that will be fixed when the games merge."
76561197976807374,Recommended,594570,35281607,Posted: 28 September,all,Dotard,"It's easy to rack up lots of hours on a good turn based strategy game, and Total War: WARHAMMER II is just that. There are currently only four factions to choose from, each with two leaders, however there is plenty room for more playable factions with DLC. For players new to Total War, I recommend the Campaign Introduction which is only availble on certain leaders.The map is well designed with both dynamic global objectives and combat oriented quests. There seems to be very few options for the multiple choice quests that cycle through occasionally, but other than that, there is plenty of content to be found in this installment.The game has a pretty well balanced selection of military units, but a simplistic style economy that feels familiar to the Total War series. With significant improvments to the AI and noticeably better physics during combat I'm happy to see the battles truely come to life. I had no issues or game crashes after playing the majority of its first day out. A solid Total War title with a solid release.TLDR: Lizardmen riding Dinos - 10/10"
,Recommended,594570,35281626,Posted: 28 September,all,Leb,Best total war to date
76561198084628437,Recommended,594570,35292532,Posted: 29 September,all,vaughnpanzer,13 hours in and i love this game so much it has given me the one thing i need in my life DOOMWHEEELS!
76561198007993722,Recommended,594570,35296009,Posted: 29 September,all,steverippington,"TW: W2 ups the stakes, making Total War in the Warhammer universe more immersive than ever. Different play-styles for each race and the sheer size of the beautiful campaign map are certain to make this the most replayable Total War game yet."
,Recommended,594570,35296503,Posted: 29 September,all,Seth,Playing as High Elves is amazing! very fun total war experience! cant wait for the mega campaign to roll out
76561197992512092,Recommended,594570,35306060,Posted: 29 September,all,jdmackie,Best yet
76561198036336650,Recommended,594570,35306592,Posted: 29 September,all,Palaven,"Being a long-time Total War fan, I was rather dismayed when the series diverged from historical titles and started producing Warhammer. However, after logging almost 300 hours (not much, but enough to appreciate it) in Warhammer 1, I've grown to love the all-encompasing fantasy universe that Warhammer is. The second installment of Warhammer Total War is an improvement upon the first game (and in-turn most of the previous titles) in terms of visuals, story, and mechanics. This game also is more accessible to new players than any other in the Total War franchise, having a wealth of instructive hints and tutorial information. While there are only four races, each with two legendary lords, there is ample opportunity for additional content to be added. I may have only just started my first campaign, but I would definitely recommend Total War Warhammer 2 to anyone who loves fantasy and/or war-centered strategy games."
,Recommended,594570,35309803,Posted: 29 September,all,Gleaux93,Even better than the first TW:W...and that's saying something.
76561198154539862,Recommended,594570,35311209,Posted: 29 September,all,Goatboy,"Warhammer 2 does everything that Warhammer 1 does but way better, and with significant additions."
,Recommended,594570,35311266,Posted: 29 September,all,WhatAmIDoing,"Dinosaurs riding bigger dinosaurs that are equipped with sun lazers.Rats high on green stuff speak-talking in a weird-strange way.Elves high on their own arrogance, fielding the most elite units there are.And...Metal as ♥♥♥♥ elves yielding victory through brute force and brutality.11/10"
76561198138558005,Recommended,594570,35314477,Posted: 29 September,all,James,Dinosaurs
,Recommended,594570,35265053,Posted: 28 September,all,Saltti,"Worth every penny.Can't wait to get my blood DLC and pay extra 2 euros.Oh yeah and can we pls have 1v1 battle animations back? oh and naval battles, ktybbthx"
,Recommended,594570,35265766,Posted: 28 September,all,L!k3 @ Pr0 :),This series is running soo smoothly. Just incredible. Now I will play it until I get bored of this game xD
76561197995824888,Recommended,594570,35265767,Posted: 28 September,all,Donaldcat,Loved it.  Improvements over magic and monsters are amazing.
,Recommended,594570,35265792,Posted: 28 September,all,Eric,This is a fantastic sequel to the first Total War: Warhammer. It has a great atmosphere and all the races feel unique and flavorable. Definitely buy this game if you enjoy the Total War franchise! Great job CA. 10/10
76561197993234497,Recommended,594570,35309796,Posted: 29 September,all,Excessive Headloss,Takes the first game and improves it in every way.
76561198006599231,Recommended,594570,35311006,Posted: 29 September,all,Democracy,"What the first Warhammer should have been. There are also twinks running around with British accents, that alone deserves an upvote.- The soundtrack and voice acting is subperb. The voice acting is probably the best I've heard in any Total War game.- The AI is still a bit questionable. Sometimes the AI does some really intelligent manoeuvres, other times the AI acts like a Soviet general from WW2 leading a penal battalion.- Animations are a lot better than the first game. You can see the pomposity of the Elves with every swing they take.-The vortex gives you incentive to attack Jabba the Hutt and Rizzo the Rat.Great game, can't wait to get a Tyrion husbundo pillow."
76561198007328518,Recommended,594570,35311100,Posted: 29 September,all,cableguy221,Definitely worth the buy
,Recommended,594570,35312697,Posted: 29 September,all,Purple Legacy,The new mechanics just work! Worthy successor in what shapes up to be a legendary trilogy.
,Recommended,594570,35313083,Posted: 29 September,all,PointBlank,Even better than the first one.
,Recommended,594570,35313239,Posted: 29 September,all,Nesqiix,My second battle was my <800 Lizardmen army with a ♥♥♥♥ing dinosaur vs >2000 rats. They got destroyed. Not played much TW before so I'm completely out my depth but it's GREAT fun!
,Recommended,594570,35313636,Posted: 29 September,all,Wizapol,"Lets get somethng clear, is the same engine, besides that, is f awesome. better models, textures, battles. is like a super mod."
,Recommended,594570,35314436,Posted: 29 September,all,Kevin Choy,"I liked how there was an objective to work with. I found that it got kind of boring in the end game for warhammer 1, but with warhammer 2 I found a reaon to crosss the sea and invade other factions. Intervention seems like a pretty cool mechanic and can provide a fun little challenge, but I feel like it's a little too weak when you as the player summons one; maybe a loow us to summon all 3 tiers of intervention at once? Overall I think its a fine addition to the total war series and i hope to see more objectives, or potential objectives that really give the player motivation to keep playing."
,Recommended,594570,35314472,Posted: 29 September,all,InnerP,"its more of the same but better. if you liked the first you will like this. if you didnt like the dlc policy, steer clear as it will be here too."
,Recommended,594570,35319659,Posted: 29 September,all,Yamato,"Having so much fun with Dark Elves, I'm glad I gave the game a second shot, good job paradox, loving it.Can't wait for the mods!"
76561198009173518,Recommended,594570,35259670,Posted: 28 September,all,Something completely different,"So far so good, played around a little with all four races.It feels a little bare bones compared to WH1 but I am beyond sure (unit) mods and DLC will change that soon.I like all four new races and they feel quite a bit more distinct then the base four races in WH 1 did.It's not perfect and the game could use some optimizing but for day one it's better then I expected. Will update once I have sunk a few more hours in."
76561198077320725,Recommended,594570,35262282,Posted: 28 September,all,EzzeGaagm,Recommended!
76561198014765876,Recommended,594570,35262871,Posted: 28 September,all,Trash Kids Playing Trash Dota,"It's a lot better than the first one in a lot of ways.If you have problems getting it to load, try starting it in the beta fx whatever mode on launch and then set all your graphics settings how you want, specifically resolution.  After that I had no problems."
76561198007225917,Recommended,594570,35264543,Posted: 28 September,all,Lucifer 666,Love it nice games like always keep up the good work <3
76561198036633070,Recommended,594570,35264612,Posted: 28 September,all,Gurkus,"A great game, totally worth buying!"
,Recommended,594570,35264914,Posted: 28 September,all,Ebdanian Admiral,Its the 1st game but better
,Recommended,594570,35265619,Posted: 28 September,all,bem809,No Ratling Gun tho :(
76561198064925076,Recommended,594570,35265921,Posted: 28 September,all,Tc12-Legion,"great game i love it im going too take the world for the old ones and the great plan,"
76561198016197766,Recommended,594570,35266006,Posted: 28 September,all,D_,It was like playing warhammer for the first time agian! 10/10. can't wait for when the port over the rest of the content from 1. This is total war at it's best!
76561198201670466,Recommended,594570,35266968,Posted: 28 September,all,tyler.kirby9398,"I've played total war since Rome 1, this is by far the smoothest and best-playing one in the series."
76561198009682046,Recommended,594570,35285868,Posted: 29 September,all,volomalvor,"Possibly the best Total War game since Shogun 2. A definite improvement of Warhammer 1. I wanto to add also that the music is trully epic, fitting for the universe.The future looks bright.Malekith is pleased!"
76561198054142600,Recommended,594570,35286192,Posted: 29 September,all,Siris101,Played my first campaign as the Dark Elves and the Witch King.  I played a solid 8 hours straight.  Love the game so far.Top momentsBurning 300 skaven with my War HydraUsing Bladestorm to win battles singlehandedly with Witchking riding the dragon.
,Recommended,594570,35287180,Posted: 29 September,all,TychoDragon,Very Slick Very Fun. I was excited for this one because Ive always loved the lizardmen and enjoyed the first but this game blew my expectations out of the water! 10/10
,Recommended,594570,35288121,Posted: 29 September,all,Crowbites,"Runs much smoother than the first. I don't know what they've done to the engine but I couldn't get over 55fps on the campaign map last game no matter what. Now on battle map and campaign map it seems to stay above 60 on ultra for the most part.Skaven might be OP, but not sure. Good thing I'm playing them if that does turn out to be the case :P."
,Recommended,594570,35288605,Posted: 29 September,all,Big Daddy,"Its pretty good, but not really what iv'e hoped for. many of the working mechanics of the first game has suddenly stopped working properly. for example take archers ""retreat when close"" abillity they dont run away from the enemy they run into them ive seen this multiple times now. please fix this asap.I also think the fights take to long between units for example skaven slaves and high elf spears can fight each other for more then 5 minutes ?? Where in the first game a fight like that would take 30 seconds dont like drawn out bs. A better unit is supposed to win fast.1 more thing the skavens are just to strong i feel like. 1 shot from theyr catapult 1 F*CKING SHOT killed an entire unit of blackguards i dont really know how and why but common archers and catapult didnt need that big of a buff.Other than that its the same and alot of improvments and if this is fixed it will be the 10/10 the first game was. man it was the best game of 2016 please make this the best of 2017!"
,Recommended,594570,35289555,Posted: 29 September,all,Uniique TwiisT,"This game is truly gorgeous. If you enjoy Total War or Warhammer then you will love this. An aspect of this game that I love is its familiarity yet improvements to the already amazing franchise. After playing for several hours, you notice it has retained its spark from the previous game yet has developed and improved it further. And finally, the fact that owning the first game allows you to play as those races in the Mortal Empires map when it releases really makes you feel like you got your money's worth. Love what you're doing with this franchise CA!!!!"
76561197986775314,Recommended,594570,35291891,Posted: 29 September,all,Aluminum Elite Master,"So, here's a basic over-view of the game *on it's own* (bear in mind, the extra large campaign that requires TW:W1 to play isn't up yet):A lot of interesting additions, but some strange omissions and a few very, very old issues.For additions:Explore ruins and shipwrecks for gold, like Heroes of Might and Magic. Build a horde as the Dark Elves (well, a horde-boat sort of thing). Cinematic clips for the story-centric campaign. Earn unique lord traits that can go up or down a notch (TW:W1 sort of had this after the last update, but only Bretonnia really had all that big of traits, due to the Chivalry mechanic). Fight battles at choke-points and rivers (something TW:W1 didn't do at all). All factions have a number of interesting mechanics, rather than just one or two. Lord level caps now removed (or at least are well above 30, now). And perhaps best of all: settle wherever you want; just know that spots with bad 'climate' won't be easy to make all that worth-while unless there's a specific unique building chain there that you need.For omissions:This campaign map *begs* to finally shell-out, CA, for the naval license. As good as the map is, and it really is a nicely varied map with a lot to it, it still really depends on travel over water, and it sort of feels odd not to have navies on this one. Another omission is an ability to speed-up your own army movement during your own turns... for end-turn, there's still a fast-forward button, but I've yet to spot anything to allow me to speed up my own agents and armies moving during my turns. And that's weird, because TW:W had this and let you toggle it by just hitting the space-bar... but here, no such luck for whatever reason. The biggest omission, though, is that if you own TW:W1, you can't even do a custom-battle between TW:W1 and TW:W2 armies yet. Which is strange, because Empire and other sides are in this game's campaign already. I totally get that the big, combined campaign will take a lot of effort to design and balance... but owning both games should already allow TW:W1 vs TW:W2 custom battles at least. I mean, you could face off a FotS army on day 1 with a S2 army, if you owned both, so why not here?And the old:Diplomacy is awful. Just, plain awful. But this is so normal for the series at this point that I can hardly say I'm surprised or disappointed at it. And turn-end times are back with a snail's pace... TW:W1 actually had very quick end-turn times for a TW game, but this is straight back to TW:Attila slowness. It wouldn't be so bad, but waiting on the currency for each vortex ritual means that just clicking end-turn over and over for a measly 10 turns probably takes a good 10-12 minutes (including the diplo spam from factions wanting alliances or non-aggression pacts). It's actually a lot like the Sid Meier Civilization games, where you build your rocket ship and spam end-turn for 50 turns and have to wait, and wait, and wait.Overall, it's a lot more complex of a campaign, with more interesting faction design. It's a lot of fun... and once the over-lapping campaign comes out, TW:W1 owners will probably have one of the most epic campaigns in all of strategy gaming.But it's not perfect, and poor technical optimization, long turn-end times, and some really busy-looking interface make for a sometimes less-than-stellar run of turns here-and-there during the campaign. But the battles are great, and that's the meat of the game, really. Yet the campaign is indeed improved.Ultimately, probably one of the better TW games since S2, and on-par with S2 IMO."
76561198214369815,Recommended,594570,35294057,Posted: 29 September,all,craig dunstan,another epic instalment from total war
76561198006523201,Recommended,594570,35296175,Posted: 29 September,all,Kabraxis,"Many improvements over the first game. Will be interesting to see how they implement the ""Mortal Empires"" scenario. Definitely a great pick up if you enjoyed the first game or are a fan of the Total War series."
,Recommended,594570,35297260,Posted: 29 September,all,>Tac23<Syphon,"ok so first off I think CA did a pretty decent job with this game, the effects and look are superior to all others and I majorly enjoy the way they went more cenematic with battles however, to me for some reason the game feels cheap and more like a dlc, the elves units are pretty much the same with different names minus larger beasts, the lizards were fun but still seemed lacking and in honesty have not tried the rats yet. I think for me this issue will be fixed once the workshop opens and new units are intoduced as I enjoy playing with unit choices, the campaign seems to be wierd for me also especally as dark elves as I need slaves but beastmen and others were killing all the cities before I could get there to fight and ended up just grabbing ruins thru what of my campaign I have played,. In fairness I have only 7 hours in game at time of this review as well, and in 7 hours have not had one crash or error which I have had in ALL other CA games so they did something right.If your a fan of magic and wierd races deff a good pick up however if your not in to basic then I would maybe wait till the workshop is open up, thanks for reading"
,Recommended,594570,35299726,Posted: 29 September,all,xShadowsaur,"So far I have no complaints. The touch-ups to the UI helps, the tutorial is extensive and informative, I have not encountered any bugs myself (though in the co-op my friend did crash). The new races, units, map, and nearly anything else that can come to mind about this game has been stellar. Can't wait for the larger map variation (the one that combines this and its predecessor)."
76561198008019891,Recommended,594570,35305970,Posted: 29 September,all,anths101,Seems like a great continuation of what they established in TWW
76561198254343130,Recommended,594570,35306950,Posted: 29 September,all,FirebirdElite,"I recommend this game to anyone who has ever played total war and enjoyed it, or just someone who loves RTS game's, with a lot of micro managing. Haven't played much bUT it already feels and looks way better then the first tw:warhammer.The campaign feels me intuitiveThe battles feel more epic and enjoable.Haven't touch multiplayer yet."
,Recommended,594570,35307461,Posted: 29 September,all,VanCleef,Awesome game!
76561198007561034,Recommended,594570,35308479,Posted: 29 September,all,Reaper776,I like the game so far. There are a few small features I have noticed that are very useful and much more efficient than the first game. Game runs great on ultra settings and love the playable factions. Only bad thing is that there is no blood and gore yet. Have to wait a couple weeks. But other than that I really enjoy this game.
76561198094037087,Recommended,594570,35267517,Posted: 28 September,all,Lithium,"man-things make good game, yes-yes!"
76561198081525587,Recommended,594570,35267519,Posted: 28 September,all,SELEUCID,لعبة ممتازة بشكل مبدئي
,Recommended,594570,35268695,Posted: 28 September,all,Dr. Orgasmo,"So far, I've been having a blast with this game. It's just very damn fun to play, and I can say that if you enjoyed the original Warhammer then you're sure to enjoy this one.My only qualms with it are that there are only 4 major factions to play as (albeit these factions all have very extensive properties and are very in-depth), and that the loading screens seem to take a very long time.However, the pros of the game outweigh those cons, and so far I'm really enjoying myself. It was definitely worth my money."
,Recommended,594570,35271022,Posted: 28 September,all,BibleThump,👍
76561198134894005,Recommended,594570,35271250,Posted: 28 September,all,Erik,"Already spend 6 hours in one day, It's a great game and is better than Warhammer 1 in my opinion."
76561198007107151,Recommended,594570,35272023,Posted: 28 September,all,Trydim,It's better than the first game and well optimized.
,Recommended,594570,35272574,Posted: 28 September,all,Sonny,UI is improved for the better.Loyalty of lords is back.Lesser lords/generals die.Slightly more interesting battle landscapesAnd a lot of other improvements to the game.If you liked the first one you will most definitely like this one. I for one would recommend this title.
76561198051263023,Recommended,594570,35272669,Posted: 28 September,all,SeriesSteal,"Awesome, in my opinion even better than the first one!"
76561198042656154,Recommended,594570,35274284,Posted: 28 September,all,armyready2jump,"I absolutely love these games.  This is the first steam review I have ever written.  I am always very hesitent buying games day launch nowadays.  Most companies are focused on pushing out a car with only 3 wheels.  NOT the case here.  This game is everything I expected it to be and MUCH more.  It feels like it runs smoother than the first one, interface isnt nearly as clunky and I love all the extra content they added to heroes, lords and units.  The largest problem I had with this game was deciding what race I wanted to try first.  I can NOT wait to see what races come out for this.Some people will claim its a money grab with future DLC or past DLC but its continual quality content.  Hell if all I had to pay was $5.00 for a race pack then hell yes ill pay!Great job guys keep up the good work!"
76561198091194426,Recommended,594570,35274519,Posted: 28 September,all,L1TTLEGAMER44,I have an error that says Error unable to initialize SteamAPImake sure steam is running and your logged in to an acount intitled to the game. Can I have help PLZ
76561197972158589,Recommended,594570,35276518,Posted: 28 September,all,Jamus,gg
76561198080102454,Recommended,594570,35276780,Posted: 28 September,all,Stabbyjoe105,If you liked the first one you will like this one.Just buy it already
,Recommended,594570,35277563,Posted: 28 September,all,HudBudd,TW Crushed it this time. What an incredible experience! Here is the first part of my play-through as the Lizardmen!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMXp7ic4WyY&t=5s
,Recommended,594570,35277571,Posted: 28 September,all,Ps[Y]cH,"I would really recommend it to those people who are into RTS Games. This is really an enjoyable game where you can spend 100+ hours if you are in legendary difficulty just to finish the vortex campaign (without mods of course).But if you want an in-depth review about this game, please take time to watch this video made by one of the hard-core fan of total war:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbghjytDOFMHopefully his opinions would be heard by CA and discuss it over.These are my pros and cons about this expansion game or warhammer:PROS:- Added unique trait decisions for every faction. (I think this could be improved, but I think the current feature is in the good direction)- A more diverse units that was carried over on the previous title- Magics have more impact than the previous title- Legendary Lords and Lords impact on the battle (I wish it would be the same on the faction as well like you can have a skill that will greatly affect your whole army of settlements after reaching a certain rank)CONS:- Siege Battles (Many would've agree on me on this, there are too many exploits on the current siege battles that you would just do it again and again on every faction you play at. I think a more variety on sieges would make it more interesting, or make the AI more proactive because they are really passive for me.)- Settlement management (I think the current population setup could be improved where the population would have an impact on the overall income and public order)- Unit Formations (Hopefully they could bring this back on the 3rd series that they will be doing because it could give move options on the strategy that you will be setting up on your army)- AI army and settlement management"
76561197966513296,Recommended,594570,35277597,Posted: 28 September,all,slayen,"It's warhammer 1, but better.  Magic is more impactful, the maps more interesting and better looking, the game is better optimized (load times easly half of WH1's on my mechanical hard drive), legandary lord skill trees more interesting, and there are many small QoL imporvements.But as I said, it is still roughly the same beast.  So if you liked WH1, this is a no brainer.  If you didn't, then #2 is unlikely to change your mind."
76561198020517179,Recommended,594570,35277810,Posted: 28 September,all,BiG G,"I always struggled to love the first warhammer due to the lack of unit formations, however they have blown me away with this new addition. Played 8 hours straight and can't stop, awesome factions with an amazing campaign. Ive got past the unit formations thing and cant wait for dlc."
,Recommended,594570,35279216,Posted: 28 September,all,Byzan,Had some performance issuse with my GTX 1070 but after awhile of configuration in the settings i got it to run smooth.Have to say this is one of the best Total War titles in awhile and is a massive inprovement to Warhammer 1.I don't tend to buy games at release because it is expensive ( it took me a year to pick up Warhammer 1 AND i got it on sale) but i made an expection because i knew just how epic this game would be on release.I was rightAlso have to say some balance changes are gonna have to happen.
76561198118035304,Recommended,594570,35280668,Posted: 28 September,all,Big Boss,"Have only played as the High Elves for a couple hours but its really polished and very beautiful to look at. Really reminds of playing Shogun 2 for the first time, its at that level of polish and beauty. Have everything running on ultra with everything turned on and have only had a few very minor hiccups.Update after Playing till 3 AM:Its also very different from any other Total War you've played. The new game mechanics surrounding the Vortex really heat things up fast.Basically the 3 evil factions do these rituals which are attempting to break down the Vortex, this massive tornado at the center of the map that the Elves built to suck up all the evil energy that caused the Chaos Invasion in the first game.As the High Elves you have save up money to send AI armies to interfere with their rituals by taking one of their cities. The map is huge and you only have about 10 turns to interfere so pretty sure you have to pay for the interference army of which there are 3 levels, each one is a better army but more expensive.There are about 5 rituals in total that the evil factions have to perform in order to destroy the vortex, so you can fail (I only stopped the rats ritual in time) but my advisor said that I could just choose to really fortify the Elven homeland and prepare for a massive Chaos invasion if I wanted (no thanks).The High Elves also have to do rituals tho (I think to strengthen the Vortex) but while this is going on a few Chaos armies spawn in and the evil factions send AI armies to interfere with you. All the while you will probably be fighting the various High Elven factions in your lands in the center of the map (basically a ring shaped island around the Vortex). In fact I easily crushed the Chaos and Lizard armies (my massive army of Silver Helm Cavalry rode them down like grass) but it was my rival neighbor who screwed up the ritual by taking one of the cities supporting it (there are big energy tentacles flying across the map from the supporting cities).Went to bed and when I woke up I decided to go back to my turn 26 save (Was at turn 76) now that I know what to prepare for, going to be building many more settlement defenses since so many enemies come at you and building up my economy even more to pay for well equipped interference armies (cost 10k).There are also pretty constant court intrigues that give you a couple choices of how to handle situations, each of which has pro's and cons, although if your able to pay you can usually get just good results. These mostly effect your court influence which can be used to influence the other High Elvish factions which spend most of the game fighting or allying with.Still really liking it but it does have a learning curve that requires practice."
76561197990685377,Recommended,594570,35281515,Posted: 28 September,all,CoachDrak,"Exceeded all my expectations. And with the additional polish to the UI, better pop ups, more intuitive locations, i cannot wait for the combined map.GIVE ME MY TOMB KINGS PLS! :)"
76561198005674290,Recommended,594570,35281618,Posted: 28 September,all,Niklas,Best TW game ever!! I have hundreds of hours on previous TW games and thank Creative Assembly for all the love and innovations they've put into this installment.
76561198061367417,Recommended,594570,35282674,Posted: 28 September,all,hazari_13,"Overall much more enjoyable than the first one, they add more things to do in the world so you are occuppied more of the time. The lord skill tree's are much better compared to the first games one's. There are also more mechanics to set apart the factions form one another, and the rites are very fun and strong to use. The overworld map looks a lot nicer and iis pretty large and includes the races from the old game as well so you have a great variety of enemies to fight. Like I said before overall good improvement over the first game, more fun and more things to do. Also update Nvidea drivers before playing because that will help you out a lot."
,Recommended,594570,35283898,Posted: 28 September,all,Blackwood,"Ok, I just played this 12 hours straight on release so here is what’s up. 4 factions 8 starting places as each has two lords leading their own faction. About the first tittle no more can you take only certain cities, based on location there may be a penalty to that city. better diplomacy high elf’s can even negotiate with two other factions with influence to help them get along a little better (or worse). the two elf main factions (High and Dark) may have a drop in common but the unit variation and play style are no copy paste.Everything is familiar yet has gone into some tweaking, like your army’s movement bar now has percentage shown so you can move more precise and get your army stances out properly. you can adjust the info modifier to stop you from moving to the next turn if you have upgrades, skill points, builds, unmoved army’s, available. More building slots available in capitals. Better responsive A.I. More powerful spells and lore’s of magic.The best thing about this, Free planed DLC if you owned the first game a launch you will be familiar with how the game was released and how it looks now, with the free regiments of renown last released, Bretonnia, Vlad’s faction, free legendary lords with their own sub factions and starting positions, free wizards, the only DLC to be bought had major amounts of content that changed the map and factions, (The King and The Warlord)(The Grim and The Grave), and completely new factions, (Beast men and Wood Elf’s), and if your familiar with the making of this game they had to spend days TEACHING the computer how to handle unit types and effects (magic damage, monstrous units, special damage modifiers) and even after we bought the DLC they updated those free adding more when they didn't have to.I pre-ordered this game, regardless of your feelings about pre-ordering I only did it because C.A. listens and takes care of these games.And I have the upmost confidence that between now and Warhammer 3 (as well as taking care of Mortal Empires that will be an amazing mix of both games) I will receive nothing but a better game."
76561198036054469,Recommended,594570,35283955,Posted: 28 September,all,runnerdad4,"it is a match made in heaven between CA (creative assembly) and SEGA, with the coming soon third part of the trilogy and for decades to come with upcoming dlc and free flc and following the aftermath the release of the game there will be a merge campaign map called mortal empire! please enjoy as it makes both fans of the bored game and historic lovers alike!"
,Recommended,594570,35284171,Posted: 28 September,all,Jesuit Priest,Its great
76561198099644374,Recommended,594570,35286026,Posted: 29 September,all,jmarkdoug1,"Played a few battles so far and I have to say the combat is MUCH improved.  Feels more like the golden days of Medieval II but even better.   This was my main gripe with total war games lately.  The troops felt too flimsy, not like solid beings.  This feels good.  MUCH better than Rome II and even better than Warhammer 1.  I don't think it is the same game, its not an expansion.  It feels different.  I WILL be playing this."
76561198129420829,Recommended,594570,35313136,Posted: 29 September,all,Cr1tiKal,Amazingly fun game. If you are debating on picking it up i'd reccomend it even for new players!
76561198027715984,Recommended,594570,35314411,Posted: 29 September,all,Ruiqicn,I had to refund this because my computer is not strong enough to handle the loadings anymore. I spent almost 10 minutes loading for a single battle and it became too much. However I did have fun while I was playing and the graphics looks amazing as always.I originally thought this was like the Attilla in the sense that its just Rome made slightly better but as far as I can tell they definitly made enough improvment to justify this as a second game rather than 4 dlcs (which probably would have added up to 60 dollars as well).Only true complain by me is the overkill handholding tutorial which took forever to end.I might pick this up again during a sale or when I put this computer down and get a new one.
,Recommended,594570,35314466,Posted: 29 September,all,Takary,"Really good, also like the first one very much but the second one is much better so much content, best Total war so far hands down"
,Recommended,594570,35314703,Posted: 29 September,all,me llamo sk,Addicting! Can't wait for the Mortal Empires campaign (the combined mega campaign of Warhammer 1 and 2)!!!
,Recommended,594570,35315000,Posted: 29 September,all,Nightrader,"While the sharpness and grain filter, along with the overworld camera changes, may be irritating, the overall gameplay is tremendously overhauled. This is a proper expansion worth the money. The campaign is smooth and does not feel disjointed. Well done, CA."
,Recommended,594570,35319225,Posted: 29 September,all,Gvandur,"it's like the first one, but better"
,Recommended,594570,35319263,Posted: 29 September,all,abbu,"Even better then the first, truly fantastic."
76561198191963538,Recommended,594570,35319522,Posted: 29 September,all,WAAAGH!,"much better than 1, looking forward to play 3"
,Recommended,594570,35319788,Posted: 29 September,all,The Chairman,Absolutely awesome sequal!I cannot wait to see what else is on the horizon from CA.I can strongly recommend this game.♥♥♥♥ing dinosaurs and ratmen...... nuff said.
,Recommended,594570,35259418,Posted: 28 September,all,SPUGATTI,"This game is amazing, i havent played it for that long and yet im in love with this game, i was so hyped for it and im glad i was this game doesnt let down the A.I are amazing and you actually feel challenged by them, the gameplay is amazing it feels so fluid you can tell that they put alot into this game and i love it that much more for it. If you are unsure about buying it i dont know what else to say expect for try it and i doubt youll regret it."
76561198055345696,Recommended,594570,35259851,Posted: 28 September,all,Stupid Genius,Great in all aspects so far
,Recommended,594570,35259939,Posted: 28 September,all,[LLJK]Ragnarokz,"Welp, this is amazing.Nothing like smashing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ out of some poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with giant monsters.Game of the sodding year."
76561197981532375,Recommended,594570,35268439,Posted: 28 September,all,Djesus Uncrossed,"After spending over 800 hrs into TWW I this was a safe buy for me. And for all i can say its worth it. But there is a catch.First things first...The Pros:The Game runs smooth, looks stunning and i havent had any bugs at all. The Campaign map is diverse and interesting to discover, it is the Warhammer wolrd brought to life damn near perfection.The units and the battles are spectacular and awesome to fight and to watch in replay.The UI is the best any Total War has seen so far. Overall there is a ton of improvements compared to game 1.The Cons:TWW 2 biggest feature, the Vortex Campaign. What sounds thrilling on paper is rather boring in reality, the AI is clearly incapable of stopping the player from performing his rituals. Instead of attacking the marked citys it ventures of into random areas of the map, raiding small towns, or rotting from attrition. I left my ritual city undefendend on purpose and even then the AI didnt bother attacking it. And in the end, when the AI should be able to beat you? Its not, even if the AI is able to perform the last ritual, you get the otopion to teleport to the final battle, wich is as spectacular and hard as the Endtimes are good lore. This is emersion breaking. Big time.The other big con is content, same as game one it feels incomplete because it is. Im sure with all the DLC and FreeLC the game will be a ton of fun. And i will have spent more than 100 €. In a 60€ game, wich is arguably not much more then a Standalone Addon i expect more.In conclusion, the game still is fun and surely will get fleshed out over time. If you are a litle fanboy like i am, its worth it.If you're not, there is no hurt in waiting, as this game will get better over time, due to mods and DlC and some day you will get it at a steam sale."
76561198031482634,Recommended,594570,35268641,Posted: 28 September,all,Dragocloso,"its not bad it has new mechanics that i like, just waiting for the third campaign to be released"
,Recommended,594570,35271103,Posted: 28 September,all,Hari,"I've only been able to play this game for half a day and I'm already blown away by how big of a step-up it was from the first game. The first game really gave me mixed impressions and this game has fixed almost all of the problems (not battle maps, but fortunately modders fixed that for the first game and I expect more or less the same to happen here) and added a ton more awesome. I only hope they apply a lot of the upgraded mechanics to the campaign they make that includes both continents."
76561198072890534,Recommended,594570,35372999,Posted: 1 October,all,Ektoe54,"Good game, it is very enjoyable and I think this has alot of potential like maybe diffrent maps and maybe a full tutorial as I am newer to this type of game I didn't know much setting wise or even camera wise overall it's a great game and extremly addictive.This isn't anyones but the developers information and I don't want anyone to exploit this.I was playing campain and I declared war, I had the attack city move set for next turn but the person I was attacking gave me a peace treaty I accepted with the 2000 gold. next turn I attacked their city, took it plundered it and got an extra 1000 gold from the secound peace treaty all up I got  7000 gold and a city even though I should have only gotten 2000developers please look into this thanks."
76561198023575860,Recommended,594570,35391581,Posted: 1 October,all,dream3r69,"Just finished my campaign with the Lizardmen and got beat with both the HE's leaders. I feel like i have seen enough to review the game now.General feel of the game is good, it is essentualy just the same as the first really, just with new races. Funny thing about this game to me is that i realise they are taking us all for every penny they can get but...i dont really mind. I suppose that is a testiment to the game itself. I have bought all the DLC for the 1st game and i am really enjoying the races i have played so far.In regards to being forced to play the Campaign mode and not having my normally chosen option of full map royal rumble, it irked me somewhat at the start until i figured the process out but now i am glad i was able to play through a well designed and beuatifuly shot story for each race.There are 2 issues that i will add that if they are not changed in the future i will definatly not be happy. The campaign map must be opened up for free play and the first game and dlc must be added at some point. But right now, very happy with what they have done."
76561198007032272,Recommended,594570,35398915,Posted: 1 October,all,Kingdark,"I've only had a handful of hours into the game, so I suppose I could say that this is a review in progress. Because four and a half hours worth of gameplay are hardly enough to really have a good taste of the game.Now, first things first, I have played and owned every total war game so far (with the exception of a few dlc that aren't worth a thought, let alone my money) starting with the first rome total war series. My computer back then could run it if barely. Anyway, that's not important or relevant here.What is important, is what I think about the game so far.The 'bad' (quote unquote) stuffMy first impression is that the tornado thing -can't remember the right word- can be annoying and can get in the way of things sometimes. I know, it's a small thing and easily ignored, but there you. It annoys me anyway. Another thing thing that annoys me is the animation on repeat when you're training units. Where your Lord is swinging his sword in the air. I'm going to ask or for me a mod that disables or removes that immediately. Maybe replace it with a mild glow or something, or just something that doesn't break immersion. (for me)Yet another thing is that some buildings are really, REALLY expensive. eleven thousand gold for building a building? Really?Lastly, I've played as the elves and I want to stress that I'm still progressing through the campgain, but so far they don't really have any good melee units. They got bow units and I got a couple of cavalry, and I have two units of melee. The last two feel as begin game melee units though and I feel that they aren't all that useful as front line units.I'm assuming that more units will be unlocked as I progress further into the campaign and as I unlock more technology.Now, the good (quote unquote) stuffThe technology tree is HUGE! If I saw it right, it would take hundred(s) of turns to get everthing! Same for the skill trees for your lords! They're huge and by the end of it they will be incredibly valuable!The A.I is smart. I was at war with a faction and I attacked their capital city. I had two full army stacks and a third with only a handful, so I outnumbered them since the enemy only had a dozen or so stacks AT MOST. By the end of it though, I had suffered severe casualities.In fact, that third army of a dozen or so units was wiped out completely and what was left could've been counted as a single 20 stack army. (assuming I could transfer lords into one army, which I couldn't do)Granted, I may have been a bit... Overconfident but that battle shows that quantity doesn't garantuee you a victory.  I will (probably) be updating this review at a later date though. But for now, I would say it is worth it. Especially when the new world and the old world are going to become 'one' map. Just imagine the potentials in mods! You could conquer the old/new world and then launch an invasion! It could be awesome!Or, if/when modders get far enough, it could be converted into a real world campgain map with america so you can launch an invasion that a way!So, yhea, buy it, or watch some let's plays :)"
76561198004314295,Recommended,594570,35415635,Posted: 2 October,all,ConG,"If you liked the first Game...this is better than the first Game.  Didn't think I'd like the great Vortex campaign and was pleasently surprised it added a new degree of urgency that I think the titles better for.  I get wierd graphical glitches near the ends of battles but nothing game breaking...probably be patched soon.  Speaking of battles, they are a decent bit longer and more tactical, not quite where i'd like them to be but they feel like an improvement.This is a good game, the devs really listened to some of the gripes about the old one...and while they didn't fix sieges I like the fixes and added depth."
,Recommended,594570,35422247,Posted: 2 October,all,Buzzkill,"love it, a huge improvement on the first game!!!!!"
,Recommended,594570,35427187,Posted: 2 October,all,QuickSylver,"Better than TW1 with all it's DLC. I can't wait to see where CA takes this game! It has a few bugs (armies that stop chasing enemies at random times during battle, ship battle autoresolve inaccuracy) but this is release week so I'm not too concerned.9/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,594570,35432127,Posted: 2 October,all,Finn55,"Finally able to play as Tyrion, who I owned and painted on table top back in 1996. Feels good."
76561197976913644,Recommended,594570,35458898,Posted: 3 October,all,thd777,"Great Game!Excellent graphics, fun game play. Will keep me playing for a long time!"
76561197989685019,Recommended,594570,35465681,Posted: 4 October,all,Zorak,"Great game. Love the new narrative campaigns The climate system is neat too, allowing you to occupy all cities but certain ones may be harder to settle in.Most of the complaints I see for this game I see on here are just.. dumb. If you just want to do domination with the new♥♥♥♥♥♥just wait for the combined map, geesh. Maybe do some research?>but muh $60 expansion♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, do you know how much it costs to animate and create new models for all this new♥♥♥♥♥♥ this isn't just copy pasted humans with different armor.10/10"
76561198063028806,Recommended,594570,35469025,Posted: 4 October,all,Jackie Moon,"I don't really play many strategy or fantasy games but this game really captured me, the best game i've played in a while and much better than the first one."
,Recommended,594570,35483636,Posted: 4 October,all,Cold Hands,"Has that really nice feeling of just one more turn.If you have never played Total War, you will find yourself most likely addicted as your empire starts to grow and keep saying to yourself ""ok for sure this time I will stop playing once I  take this city"" and as strategy games go it is pretty easy to get into.It's refined and just feels fun to play."
76561198159802644,Recommended,594570,35484111,Posted: 4 October,all,Zarnack21,"Really love the game, each race feels unique and fun, only thing is that Skaven feel kind of underpowered and overworked, having the Food, Corruption and Loyalty mechanics hinders them a bit, as well as full stack armies being basically only a half stack for others.Have only encountered a single bug and all I had to do was quit to the main menu and go back in. Much better than the first already, and I can't wait to see what they do with the DLC!"
,Recommended,594570,35500185,Posted: 5 October,all,colorlessness,U can be a ratman who spreads disease through giant army battles and that's pretty tightp.s. the food mechanic is kinda trash tho
76561198165479235,Recommended,594570,35500736,Posted: 5 October,all,tomer0239,"Great game,Better than the first game"
76561198325211112,Recommended,594570,35395966,Posted: 1 October,all,herbie,better than the first which was still really good !need greenskins who are actually powerfull this time!
76561198094993645,Recommended,594570,35422623,Posted: 2 October,all,Bane1778,"Great Game! I have been a fan of the Total War series since the first Rome: Total War and have played every game since. Initially I was hesitant on the first Total War: Warhammer, as though I enjoyed Warhammer Fantasy, I didn't think it was a fit for the historical Total War series. I couldn't have been more wrong. The first Total War: Warhammer was amazing! So how does this one fare up?Total War: Warhammer 2 is a fantastic game that corrects many mistakes from the already great first game. The AI is more aggressive, the fast forward is better for AI turns, better graphics, smoother performance, the new features like searching ruins and shipwrecks are great, and the Vortex campaign is very well implemented. It's tough at first to get used to, I had to reload an earlier save once because starting with the third ritual you really start getting hit hard. However, it's a fun exciting endgame, better than the Chaos invasion in my opinion. It really leads to some epic battles, like defending a major ritual site city against 4 full stack armies of Skaven at once!I have some minor gripes though. Sending intervention armies seems useless, as even the 10k army gets killed instantly. Sometimes the Vortex campaign seems to rush you, and I don't feel like there is as many options for intervening due to how long is takes to get across the ocean. Other than that though, great game!All in all, I'd highly recommend this game to any Total War or Warhammer Fantasy fan. Though I've only played through the High Elf campaign, I'm looking forward to the other 3. Can't wait for the DLC new factions too! Highly Recommended!"
76561198006705242,Recommended,594570,35423079,Posted: 2 October,all,ImpartialHorse,"Great installment in the series, much improved campaign AI and varied battle maps stand out over its predecessor."
76561198342155624,Recommended,594570,35431572,Posted: 2 October,all,eatdrumsleep,"I don't know why i didn't get into this series sooner. I think it WAS because I never gave RTS's a honest try. I thought that they weren't my style of game. Until i played this.....Yes it is as little difficult to get used to all the different mechanics of the game, but it has a awesome tutorial walking you through every aspect of the game as you play it. I watched streams of Total War Warhammer 2 and I thought to myself, ""wow does this look ♥♥♥♥ing awesome""! So i decided to see what all the hype was about....now i know....now i'm hooked like a damn fish.....end of story."
76561197994267214,Recommended,594570,35433130,Posted: 2 October,all,JuanKulas,I'm waiting until the Blood patch until I start playing...
76561198007092965,Recommended,594570,35434384,Posted: 2 October,all,rares_l ✠,Best Total War Game yet.I would ensure you have the recommended hardware to fully enjoy the experiance!
76561198069357882,Recommended,594570,35258231,Posted: 28 September,all,braiden.d,amazing so far combat looks beautifull
76561198110683205,Recommended,594570,35264311,Posted: 28 September,all,Spookems,"Fantaastic game, huge improvements on the first one, with a compromise on GPU usage."
76561198096073705,Recommended,594570,35268985,Posted: 28 September,all,robertduy,10/10 *Just say that!Dinosaurs...Magics...great battles...the lord of the rings...total wars---> Just buy it NOW!
,Recommended,594570,35271132,Posted: 28 September,all,Sad boi,"If you are a fan of the first one then you will love it. Great combat, unique races and a satisfying storyline."
,Recommended,594570,35273184,Posted: 28 September,all,LordCuddleBearIV,"This is the kind of game that sinks to your rat-lovin, magic wielding, corruptive blood-thirsty, war mongering, dark elf Mamas boy heart.Now what're you waiting for?! Kill some $#!+ !!!!!!"
,Recommended,594570,35276110,Posted: 28 September,all,insomnia,"Very good so far, runs incredible compared to the first one. Map is more entertaining to look aat as well. The units in battle look great, better than I expected"
76561198033878466,Recommended,594570,35277060,Posted: 28 September,all,Dyelegend,I played for 16.3 hours straight. Yeah.. it's good
,Recommended,594570,35280062,Posted: 28 September,all,Moopskaya,"Very enjoyable thusfar, overall seems to be an improvement on the first game and I actually don't have buyer's remorse when preordering a game for once.PROS___________+ All playable factions are fun and unique to one another, especially Lizardmen and Skaven+ Features present that weren't avaialble in the first title until after the Wood Elves DLC (i.e., different start locations)+ Grand campaign with one overarching objective (The Vortex), so you always must keep progress towards this in mind while doing normal Total War/conquest actions+ Actually nice battlegrounds as opposed to the bland ones in TW:W1+ New Untainted mechanic which actually rewards your provinces for not being under corruption, as opposed to literally no benefit in the last and only detriments being involved when it comes to ChaosNEUTRAL___________+/- Gambling winds of magic starting point for each battle is kinda neat (to either get a little more or less, if you didn't know)+/- Map is massive, maybe large than The Old World? But is no longer 90% one continent, and is actually differnet ones with bodies of water taking a much larger precedence in the game+/- Many more factions present in the campain (I believe around 70?)+/- I have an uncontrollable urge to sing/hum the Jurassic World theme when playing the LizardmenCONS___________- Loading times seem to be overall slower, which likely stems from the larger(?) map and the bigger pool of factions being played. (Note: I have a GTX 1080 and i7 7700k so load times are basically never an issue, but they are considerably long for this game)."
76561198077561247,Recommended,594570,35300221,Posted: 29 September,all,DeadTalent,Sat up with a friend all wedensday night well into thursday morning waiting for release. Game was released half an hour before i usualy get on our ways to work. thought id get one custom game in spent the next hour reading about the lizardmens units the time for work had passed/missed. So the day was taken off and for the next 16 hours i played my heart out untill i passed out. woke up this glorious afternoon to many a missed phone call from the boss.Ive lost 16 hours 2 work days 350 dollaz and proberbly my job to this game so far... Day 2... and it was time and money well spent.
,Recommended,594570,35305617,Posted: 29 September,all,Mugi,Preeeetty good
76561198081586422,Recommended,594570,35305902,Posted: 29 September,all,Ghost,10/10
76561198147402055,Recommended,594570,35306700,Posted: 29 September,all,✪ Loki,total war: warhammer as always amaizing! magnificent!and please combine with TWW1 fast! ;D
76561198107887604,Recommended,594570,35309322,Posted: 29 September,all,oliverpmason,If you like the last one you'll love this one.Battle AI can be stupid but I guess it'll be patched soon.
,Recommended,594570,35310557,Posted: 29 September,all,Zaratose,Total War: Warhammer II capitalizes on the strength of Total War: Warhammer while polishing out further mechanics to add a depth of difficulty to what seemed like a perfect design that improves on the overall game design. Each race's specific campaign mechanics and battle mechanics make you feel the difference between your choice of faction while the exploration tid bits allow you to feel the world is more alive than previous iterations of the Total War franchise.
,Recommended,594570,35312723,Posted: 29 September,all,SlIcKxZ,9/10
76561198052596191,Recommended,594570,35313046,Posted: 29 September,all,Novarond,"Yes, definitly fun. Playing on ultra unit size with skaven. If you ever wanted to see a city crawling and overwhelmed with mansized rats (3 full stacks each about 2500 skaven slave rats and some hero-units that can spawn even more rats against a full built up Khemri): this is it. And that doomwheel, omg, the secret star of the skavenroster. Played the first WH too, and that means it will get even better with finetuning."
76561197996723382,Recommended,594570,35313787,Posted: 29 September,all,karma-net,Significant step forward for the Total War series as a whole. 100% recommend.
76561197977199539,Recommended,594570,35260141,Posted: 28 September,all,Corin93,"I'm only an hour or so into a Dark Elves campaign and colour me impressed. Everything seems to be working pretty well, as good or better than the first one. New mechanics and unit roster are always going to take a little while to work out, but that's a merit, in my opinion; each race plays very differently to every other one in this game. I'm loving it so far!"
76561198063377165,Recommended,594570,35262915,Posted: 28 September,all,Manchine,"This is a great game.  Building on a great franchise Warhammer Fantasy.  Plus I get to play my Skaven.Graphics: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10Sound: 9/10Music: 10/10Mechanics: 9/10Optimization: 9/10Overall 9.5/10Graphics:-Looks much better then the first game in both battle and campaign maps, Even units from the first game look better!-It runs much smoother even on launch then the first game. Im getting 90+ fps in large battles on the highest settings where as I only got just above 80 fps in the original.Gameplay:-A lot of unit variety, More then the first game had at launch.-Army movement in battle feels more satisfying, Factions all feel unique in how they play in both battles and campaign.-They have added some nice new features to the campaign such as rites, treasure and of course the vortex!-Campaign map is massive. Im 60 turns in on my Dark Elf Campaign and I still haven't explored more then 10% of it!Sound:-Music is great, Voice acting is amazing."
,Recommended,594570,35267475,Posted: 28 September,all,Uwahhhhhhh[DVMD],a lot of improve from the first warhammer great graphic love it.
76561198041905090,Recommended,594570,35286119,Posted: 29 September,all,alan3152,Very enjoyable
76561198013806548,Recommended,594570,35288093,Posted: 29 September,all,Code7fold,"Warhammer II is really a victory of small details. Excellent UI, a slew of quality of life improvements such as updated help tabs and cameral controls, and sometimes minor but consequential and enjoyable faction mechanics round out the game where Warhammer I felt a bit bare. It is well done, and overall a tighter game than the predecessor. A great entry to Total War or Warhammer, even if some of the races initially seem unapproachable or unfamiliar compared to familiar fantasy fare. The narrative is excellent at winning your heart for your chosen faction, no matter how wierd they are."
,Recommended,594570,35292332,Posted: 29 September,all,Zarcis08,The best RTS game and entry to the Total War Franchise to date.
,Recommended,594570,35292406,Posted: 29 September,all,OBEY j0hn-c3nAthug420,its soo good
,Recommended,594570,35294192,Posted: 29 September,all,LUKELEARMISSILE,"Hello Daylight, my old friend.... (Help)I've come to talk with you againBecause a Skaven's softlyyyyyy creeping (Seriously I cant stop)Plagued my town while I WASN'T sleepingANNND the vision that was planted in my brain (For the love of Khorne don't hit ""Next Turn"")Still remain...Within the sound of screaming (Mental and IRL)In restless dreams I sailed aloneRight up to the Phoenix ThroneAnd touched the sound of screaming10/10 Would maul Tyrion with a T-Rex again"
76561198056638672,Recommended,594570,35295446,Posted: 29 September,all,Yamada  Kumiko,i wish they would let you play as more factions apart from the four races
,Recommended,594570,35299588,Posted: 29 September,all,Fly the white flag of war,Well its better than the first Warhammer.
76561197999120540,Recommended,594570,35299647,Posted: 29 September,all,Dakuwan,"Only four starting factions, BUT, will probably rely heavily on the shared content from Warhammer 1 in the earlier stages, which is fine for me because I have them all.Best Total Wars are Warhammer. This shared game map is a great idea and a way and reason to buy DLC. Not just crap skins, or trash weapons but instead whole unique rosters and play styles. Tons of reasons to keep coming back, and I rarely dwell long on games long after beating them."
,Recommended,594570,35305782,Posted: 29 September,all,Busby,"Fantastic game! If you have/played the first. You'll love the second!Aside from the differences in the playable races & cmapaign.They've also improved the UI. Small minor things that make such a difference, or you used to find a mod for; Now incorporated into the game.Highly recommended!10/10"
76561198066709970,Recommended,594570,35307207,Posted: 29 September,all,wordy,"Like total war warhammer, but better in every way."
,Recommended,594570,35309139,Posted: 29 September,all,Oathbreaker,Really great so far.
,Recommended,594570,35309234,Posted: 29 September,all,BlackWake,Great
76561198076162017,Recommended,594570,35309259,Posted: 29 September,all,Baylegion,A great sequel to the first.
76561198005932444,Recommended,594570,35309614,Posted: 29 September,all,RikRiorik,Awesome game and a nice upgraded version of the first game. Will be even better once the campaign map combines with the map from game 1.
,Recommended,594570,35310526,Posted: 29 September,all,Rexige,"First time writing a review, But I'm doing it to support the developers of this amazing game! For Malekith, the Witch King of Naggaroth! son of Phoenix King Aenarion, the true hier to the Elven throne!10/10 would enjoy the torture of the Witch King again!"
,Recommended,594570,35310849,Posted: 29 September,all,Rapsca11i0n,This game expands on TW:WH I with bigger and better things.
,Recommended,594570,35312293,Posted: 29 September,all,How Do I Shoot?,Just finished the lizardmen campaign and really reccomend! way better than the first game.
,Recommended,594570,35313040,Posted: 29 September,all,Camp,yep
76561198314410942,Recommended,594570,35313775,Posted: 29 September,all,jarhead03071,4.5/5 if you liked the first one youll love this one.
76561197965010316,Recommended,594570,35319329,Posted: 29 September,all,the3idyankus,Never been in to these types of games but this game just feels so fluid and seems to have endless potential for hours of slaughter!
76561197964054285,Recommended,594570,35265787,Posted: 28 September,all,Xarnax,"This is it. The best total war game to date. All the little annoyances of TW:W are gone, and we are left with a definitive version. The land is massive, the races are all interesting. The chaos invasion is gone, so that it is no longer the only focus of the end-game. The only thing missing is the combined campaign of TW:W 1 & 2, but we are getting that in a short while.If you didn't like TW:W at all, you probably won't like this. If you liked TW:W even a tiny bit, this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,594570,35265876,Posted: 28 September,all,Deadly,So far so great.
76561197964998955,Recommended,594570,35268270,Posted: 28 September,all,Mr Fox,awesome
76561198022260773,Recommended,594570,35268677,Posted: 28 September,all,sirfuzzzy,Lizards riding lizards fighting rats riding rats fighting naked elves riding lizards fighting..... coneheads in dresses.Pretty much pure win.I'm not sure Total War could get any better than this.
76561198302389623,Recommended,594570,35270368,Posted: 28 September,all,Matt Agostini,Really enjoying the game so far. Nice upgrade from the previous one.
,Recommended,594570,35271318,Posted: 28 September,all,SuperRexinator,"Is it an overpriced DLC?Short answer no. It just has a case sequel syndrome. Welcome to the modern age of video games. If spending money on a hobby like video games is your problem, maybe reevaluate your finances.The base Game may only have four factions at the start, but they are four vastly different grand campaigns and playstyles worth 30+ hours each.With two different epic lords for more variety.The new map is pretty big and nice to look at(not just a wasteland). There is even a new storyline in the campaign like chaos uprising in the first game. These are not you standard back in day Total War games were you roll around with line infantry and calary conquering [insert Continent]. This is more of an Epic fantasy battleground with big hulking infantry and magic crushing each other proving dominance. If you didn't like thew first one, this one will not change your mind. Looking forward to see what they add next. Basically if you love the first one and want more this for you. Or is you want to have fun ripping through a line of infantry with heavy moster units."
,Recommended,594570,35272735,Posted: 28 September,all,Scooter (Serenausagi),I love the graphics story telling and game play very easy and fun
,Recommended,594570,35275952,Posted: 28 September,all,TwitchingIntensifies 天国,Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good
,Recommended,594570,35278283,Posted: 28 September,all,Yuko,"Basically a completely improved version of the first game, more interesting campaign mechanics, improved AI and UI, completely new races and the Mortal Empires campaign for people who own both game 1 and 2 absolutely make this game worth getting, even if you don't have the first game, it's a great strategy game."
76561198042028290,Recommended,594570,35279315,Posted: 28 September,all,Mr. Dr. Prof. Patrick III Ph.D,"Do you want dinosaurs, riding other dinosaurs, while fighting dragons?"
,Recommended,594570,35279640,Posted: 28 September,all,LoS | King Bumblesnarf,Rat bombed elves 10/10 would be a rat again
76561198080360392,Recommended,594570,35280151,Posted: 28 September,all,musket mans,"Total War Warhammer II is a amazing game, surpassing the first one in many ways. With almost 400 hours into the first game I have to say that it was excellent, and this one perfected the idea of a warhammer themed tw. At first I was slightly worried about the preformance with battles in the higher numbers especially with skaven. The detail on each model is astonishing, the campaign map is the same, both far better then the first game with more details then ever before.In my lizardmen campaign, I faced over 6000 skaven at once with a full stack and did not have one drop in performance the entire battle. This is a great improvement from the first game at launch with me having a crash against a equal number of greenskins from lag and those were poorly detailed in comparision to the new races.The gameplay has had the greatest improvements, being a fan of the first game I see a improved version in this second edition. The mechanics for each race are so unique in their own ways but at the same time familiar to you if you have done a campaign before, each having a unique speciallty that is capable of over coming advesaries either through brute strength or tactical cunning. This gives them all the unique flavor that CA strived to get and it showed in their work well. Making this a excellent edition to the trilodgy."
76561197998243034,Recommended,594570,35280723,Posted: 28 September,all,Johny2Bravo,I loved the first game with it's flawsI am blown away with the 2ndThis is an amazing gameRecommended for anyone that loves Total War / Warhammer.
76561198084679186,Recommended,594570,35285661,Posted: 29 September,all,Bladerunner,"I do not have many hours in so far. But just WOW. so far this game is running smoother, looking better then the forst one. I look forward to seeing where the steam community takes this to..."
76561197999627397,Recommended,594570,35285997,Posted: 29 September,all,Aklarath,It makes playing the same universe fresh.
,Recommended,594570,35319462,Posted: 29 September,all,Aethonevg,Pretty fun game
76561198009055828,Recommended,594570,35491095,Posted: 5 October,all,PurzelOfDoom,"Wow, I did not think that there was any possible advance coming after WHTW1, but this game really offers more:- Even if it currently only has four fractions, all of them have a different playstyle and storyline. You really can experience strong advantages and new tactical opportunities for each of the fractions. I even like High Elves now, in contrast to my tabletop experience. Also found out Tyrion and Teclis are brothers and not a gay couple ;-)- The final goal for the game is more symmetric than in WHTW1- Strategic options also have been increased, many of them are fraction-unique. You have to ""learn"" every fraction's play-style and it is fun using it. For all four of them.Some changes I am not sure if i like them or not:- Morale has changed a bit. Fleeing units tend to get rallied and come back to battle after some fled distance. This makes battles, (in particular with skaven) quite long. In WHTW1 there often was a ""breaking point"", when the enemy army just collapsed and everything was over. Now you have to put more efford in keeping fleeing units away from you, using for examples cavalry or skirmishers to follow them to the map edge or grind them away. In general, even non-symmetric battles last longer now.- Lizardmen can field a lot of larger saurus creatures like Stegadons, Bastilodons and Carnosaurs. Unlike in the tabletop game they are also available without battle platforms and special weapons on top. I actually like this idea, because it gives the fraction with the lowest number of different units some more options - and these options fit quite well to the lizardmen ""core competence"", beeing good at close combat.There are in my opinion only two sad aspects of this game:- Lizardmen, the ""cold-blooded"", not-to-scare and ever-loyal fighters are now ""unruly"". They do not flee often, but tend to get out of control and rampage in infantry battles. And this is quite a problem, when you are batteling skaven and your precious saurus warriors just want to pursue the fleeing enemy - and get into trouble soon... To be clear: This is NOT what Lizardmen are like in the tabletop game! I would have preferred to have maybe smaller unit sizes or more expensive regiments as a disadvantage. But giving them a Khorne-like disadvantage that not even Chaos-Warriors have was a bad Idea...- If you take a look at WH-Miniature Saurus Warriors and Kroxigors, they seem to be quite muscular and ""edgy"". In WHTW2 they have become a bit too ""well-fed"" in my opinion. Both do not look like tough fighters, more like bored crocodiles... This could have been done much better!"
76561198258192383,Recommended,594570,35355294,Posted: 30 September,all,mafia01,great
76561197978418353,Recommended,594570,35367435,Posted: 1 October,all,joardro,Love it
76561198105646565,Recommended,594570,35394928,Posted: 1 October,all,RazzMazz,Really good game!The biggest changes for me compared to original warhammer is that the magic is ALOT better from my experience with magic from the warhammer 1. Also seems like the auto-resolve is a much worse option then playing it manualy (which i like). This means if you know how to destroy your opponent you can beat him vs bad odds.Haven't played too much only 1 day atm but would still like to encourage people to buy this game due to its awesomeness!
76561198103046058,Recommended,594570,35439844,Posted: 3 October,all,Vargschewer,Can't wait to see how the 3 installments of games merge together (Bring on Tomb Kings) Great game 10 out of 10.
76561198094030761,Recommended,594570,35461751,Posted: 3 October,all,Kevin_M2,"I love it so far, and when they combined the first one and this one get ready cause awesomeness awaits. Great in pure Total War fashion."
76561198205389787,Recommended,594570,35483525,Posted: 4 October,all,MBQ | Giraffe,This game is an amazing jump from the first warhammer with improved textures and the adding of the great vortex into the campaign. Anyone that loved the first warhammer will love this one even more.
,Recommended,594570,35488560,Posted: 5 October,all,Lurl,"Great advancement with a lot of space to grow into, vortex is tricky but the factions are satisfying as hell and kind of puts some of the older ones to shame, by god this Trilogy might actually make it!"
76561198053259013,Recommended,594570,35353021,Posted: 30 September,all,Ed Priest,It's good
76561198319729780,Recommended,594570,35398545,Posted: 1 October,all,Mr_Dimento,It's fantastic. I had 22 hours played only two days after the release.
,Recommended,594570,35428850,Posted: 2 October,all,Kiljaeden492,"It kept the tension of a total war early/mid game all through the game, it only seemed to drag on too long when I was completeing the last ritual and I had killed all the intervention and event armies. And that was only for about 5 turns."
76561198042640097,Recommended,594570,35429762,Posted: 2 October,all,stonedwalljack,killed slayed elf things 10/10
,Recommended,594570,35429952,Posted: 2 October,all,Keeno Ren,Perfect. Recommended to any Warhammer or Total War fan.
76561198114435704,Recommended,594570,35431472,Posted: 2 October,all,BUSTER,i love thise game
76561198007257529,Recommended,594570,35431719,Posted: 2 October,all,Ashantai,"The two Total War Warhammer games have been of very high quality. I've not gotten too far into the campaign, but it is similar enough to TW:WH1 that I can say that if you liked that, you'll like this.Each army is distinct and unique, even High Elves and Dark Elves are quite different from each other.Updates are coming soon to bridge both old and new world together into a single campaign, which should add to replayability."
,Recommended,594570,35437438,Posted: 2 October,all,Fero,"30 hours marathon last weekend, totally worth it! Best Total War so far, best Warhammer game ever made! 10/10 (and this is wothout grand-campaign, with it will be 12/10)"
,Recommended,594570,35437609,Posted: 2 October,all,SkyGuy,"This game is a time vampire. Amazing fun, but my wife is starting to miss me..."
76561198062800158,Recommended,594570,35454652,Posted: 3 October,all,MurderousPotatoes,sick game
76561198332257400,Recommended,594570,35456894,Posted: 3 October,all,KarnageWithAK,"I love this game. Wasn't really a fan in turn based games. Gave Civ a go and thought it was ok but got bored quickly. A friend showed me this and the fact that the battles can be played in Real Time really appealed to me. I love the tactics, it's great fun and a nice break from PUBG."
76561197998382853,Recommended,594570,35477585,Posted: 4 October,all,Axios,Great update to the original!
76561197969267578,Recommended,594570,35484558,Posted: 4 October,all,Sothpaw,"Takes the first game and improves on the formula, very easy to give this one a thumbs up.  Some brief notes:- New races are all unique and really fun to play as and against- Vortex campaign adds an interesting objective for the player to think about- Lots of quality of life improvements like notifications on available actions before you end your turn- Magic is WAY more powerful and fun to use than in TWW 1- Caster legendary lords are actually unique now and superior to caster heroes- Dinosaurs"
,Recommended,594570,35500860,Posted: 5 October,all,SnT,10/10 <3 Dragon
,Recommended,594570,35353246,Posted: 30 September,all,rakm16,This game is everything I wanted in Warhammer 1. I wanted the next Historical Total War but I am very happy with the production of this game and will be kept busy for many hours until their next title and even after that I feel replaying this game will be just as fun as the first time.
76561198194804586,Recommended,594570,35360029,Posted: 30 September,all,Fivedollarfootlong,No blood and gore? cmonnn but other than that its the move
76561198340802751,Recommended,594570,35433369,Posted: 2 October,all,Dawnrazor,"Great Setting. Nice Lore. Interesting Factions with their own unique Style. Sigmar preserve this Sequel...yes, Sigmar - not one of these heretical abominations."
76561198037994533,Recommended,594570,35434205,Posted: 2 October,all,Master_Po,"when I first started to play the total war series it was the historical aspect that drew me into the series, then knowing that were straying away from the historical aspect. I am sure we were all hesistant on buying it since it was the first of its kind. PLaying the first one and then buying the second one. it blew my mind its new game interfaces and mechanics with the new factions are amazing. Can not wait till all dlc is out."
,Recommended,594570,35438803,Posted: 3 October,all,German Snipepe,"Whatever race you play, go conquer Ulthuan after finish with your continent or elf-thing will win with ritual. I learn it hard way when I play as Lizardmen and busy conquering Naggaroth. I even finish final ritual.+No more specific building for resources to improve your troops is big plus for me. Can't wait for Mortal realm campaign.+Environment system for settlements is good.Incoming Tomb King DLC for sure. May be Araby too.9.5/10"
76561197970869826,Recommended,594570,35455941,Posted: 3 October,all,TrueMole,Probably the best total war since the original medieval. It's not perfect but it's the closest a total war game has come to it in a long time.
,Recommended,594570,35474903,Posted: 4 October,all,Du-Gi-Oh,"I've always thought the Warhammer universe was interesting, but never delved into it. I've always thought Total War games looked fun, but never played them despite owning Total War: Shogun 2 and Napoleon: Total War. Both of these have changed with this game. I only really bought this game to play with bros, but I've probably sank 20 hours into it playing alone in the past week or so. If you enjoy strategy games, it's worth it. If you love the Warhammer fantasy universe, it's worth it. It's a damn fun game."
76561198266081911,Recommended,594570,35488374,Posted: 5 October,all,tinkler,Amazing game didn't really like warhammer 1 but this one really is something special is a must buy.
76561198028790989,Recommended,594570,35361699,Posted: 30 September,all,CrabCream,Definitely one of the best total war game so far
,Recommended,594570,35363010,Posted: 30 September,all,Mr Fritz,Nailed it.
76561198027267841,Recommended,594570,35389306,Posted: 1 October,all,Mops_80,Nice game!
,Recommended,594570,35390294,Posted: 1 October,all,Boom Kitty,"Amazing. Improves on the first in every way. Varied races, VERY interesting map with far more little details. Love it"
76561198126406864,Recommended,594570,35397153,Posted: 1 October,all,MoogicMaster,"So much better than the first one! I love the cutscenes, I love all the new mechanics, and all the races seem wayyyy more ballanced."
,Recommended,594570,35397305,Posted: 1 October,all,Panzergoob,"Best army battles since Medieval 2. Siege battles are still terrible. Campaign map is big and pretty. Factions are varied and fun. Navies would have been nice, but naval battles have always been terrible in Total War games so I don't really care. SO much better optimized than Warhammer 1 (I can't believe the difference in load times. It's like night and day). Can't wait to see what the modders will do.8/10"
76561198045668753,Recommended,594570,35412125,Posted: 2 October,all,MEXICAN BANDITO,like it :)
,Recommended,594570,35422518,Posted: 2 October,all,Shepherd,Very nice
76561198032774454,Recommended,594570,35429776,Posted: 2 October,all,Walrus of War,my boy tyrion
76561198117621678,Recommended,594570,35430973,Posted: 2 October,all,Borey534,"First faction I played was Order of Loremasters, biggest difficult curve which I did not expect. This game is much more of a challenge when you have to race to the cortex. My biggest problem with expanding to get more ritual resources was that clan pestilens took all of lustria. Only played 2 factions so far I see so much potential for fun in this game and it is very fun. They also did a good job making the races unique as well. The seiges have stayed mostly the same but the layout is much more diverse and better defensive checkpoints which makes it much more fun. Finally I have had no problems or bugs which I have to give it to CA.Really good game!"
,Recommended,594570,35432664,Posted: 2 October,all,Spooky,Honestly this doesnt feel like too much of a sequel yet but if you loved the first Warhammer youll get your moneys worth and more in this one. FreeLC coming out soon will expand to have many more races. Still an amazing game with some tweaks here and there that make it unique from the original.TLDR promising game that is very addicting.
76561197987474902,Recommended,594570,35458333,Posted: 3 October,all,Willingwell,The vermintide can't be stopped
76561198010114285,Recommended,594570,35482102,Posted: 4 October,all,tarantula,"It's great to see Warhammer realized in this manner, large sieges, diverse armies, few bugs, great graphics it's all there with more to come in future DLC."
76561198002799222,Recommended,594570,35354425,Posted: 30 September,all,Titandamocles,Skaven... Lizardmen... Dark Elves. Best. Total War. Ever.
76561198005750710,Recommended,594570,35381025,Posted: 1 October,all,KillerRabbit,The first was one of my favorite games of all time. This is so far a major improvement on almost eveything.11/10 would wrestle dragons with dinosaurs again.
76561198086995616,Recommended,594570,35391684,Posted: 1 October,all,DiabetcChikn,"I thought the first one was damn good. I thought it had everything that I had ever wanted. Massive battles that take in a fantasy world with Dwarves, Orks, Elves, and Demons? What more could I need? I thought my childhood dream while playing the first Shogan: Total War had finally come true.Then, I had a Triceratops charge at the gates of a decaying rat castle with thousands of disgusting vermain inside as Terradactls hurled fireballs as those on the wall...This game is perfection."
,Recommended,594570,35398828,Posted: 1 October,all,Akiyoshi,A definite refinement over the first game. The campaign mechanics are dramatically improved and battle visuals are lush & stunning. Absolutely recommend to any total war or warhammer fan.
,Recommended,594570,35398847,Posted: 1 October,all,Mooncake,"An improvement over the first game in almost every way. Campaign AI in particular is much improved. You might want to wait for Mortal Empires if you aren't too crazy about any of the new races, but I personally love all of them so far."
76561198404966154,Recommended,594570,35414636,Posted: 2 October,all,wiaawb,"Incredible game.  Was very much missing the games that did not focus entirely on MMO content.   With multiple factions and a seemingly endless variety of play options, the campaign mode will definitely fill my gaming needs for some time."
76561198362619532,Recommended,594570,35427993,Posted: 2 October,all,mdobbs118,Great game can't recommend it enough
76561198006595012,Recommended,594570,35438557,Posted: 3 October,all,rmorgan779,fantastic can't wait for mortal empires to be intergrated anybody on the fence its a must buy
,Recommended,594570,35473973,Posted: 4 October,all,EliteHazard,"Great Game so far fun battles and battle map is really good, this is my first total war and im happy so far, kinda complicated but after a while you get the swing of it, however i have had one big hinderance, i havent been able to launch it off of steam and have to go into the .exe to launch the game, slightly annoying and hope it is patched"
76561198328515790,Recommended,594570,35488185,Posted: 5 October,all,Nagger_Vance,This is the best total war yet
76561198178269019,Recommended,594570,35353129,Posted: 30 September,all,Buke,You can get dinosaurs that ride dinosaurs that can shoot lazers 10/10
76561198007849052,Recommended,594570,35357138,Posted: 30 September,all,TheUglyStick,Better than Warhammer 1
,Recommended,594570,35357651,Posted: 30 September,all,SE Tonx,"Plays great. Looks great. Hell of a lot of fun. The presence of the sea and the adventuring mechanics are welcome additions. I can't wait for the update that adds in all the stuff from the first game. No real complaints other than the lack of the Steam Workshop, however I realize they want to make sure when they launch Workshop support it doesn't crash the game, so I'm cool there.Warhammer is my favorite series in the TW franchise. Yeah, this might be heresy, but it is what it is.I've not played the multiplayer, but I'm also not a multiplayer guy when it comes to TW usually. As such my comments stand to my experience with the campaign."
76561197970886481,Recommended,594570,35361546,Posted: 30 September,all,FatherLonglegs,"I've not played for long, but the speed of battles and choices feels much cleaner than earlier games, and the morale mechanics are quite interesting too. Ranged units haven't really made that much of an impact as yet, but I've briefly played Lizardmen and a little more Skaven, but so far I'm really enjoying it. I'm hoping the tutorials aren't quite so intrusive for replays, but I'm impressed.Great combat weight and sound, gives some real crunch and power to a full Skaven rush at least. I'm looking forward to seeing a seige."
76561198007348648,Recommended,594570,35369241,Posted: 1 October,all,BARNEY,pefromancei7 4790k 4.4ghzgtx 1070 with +150 core and +650 mem16gb ram850 evo ssdon ultra at 1440p i get 30 fps min in big battles unit size set to large about the same as TW1as for the gameplay itself not much has changed just a new map with the vortex im about at the end of my high elf game and tbh bit of a chore late game seems to lack the wow factor the first game did in the late game stages and the ai cant win either the rituals are pointless but like lots of people i just got this for the mortal empires campaign sounds epic its solid game but just seeems to lack something
76561198007150342,Recommended,594570,35394986,Posted: 1 October,all,WarChilde,"Excellent upgrade from TW: Warhammer 1. Looking forward to when DLC expands available factions but it's great fun as is.  I particularly like the more focused campaign and the different faction quirks such the High Elf influence mechanic. If I was to deliberately seek out a few areas where I was hoping to find some extra sophistication, I'd say diplomacy could be improved and I would have liked more units to have abilities in order to enhance battle tactics. That said, I thoroughly recommend this and I doubt I'll go back to the predecessor."
76561198032080014,Recommended,594570,35438762,Posted: 3 October,all,Moragnog,"Very fun and a fast follow up to their first game, this hits most of my buttons already being a big fan of the warhammer fantasy game, (now discontinued more or less)"
76561198007235241,Recommended,594570,35456831,Posted: 3 October,all,Spartan010,"This is by far the most optimized and polished total war game to date. It worked flawlessly at launch and the game is only going to get better in the future. The factions are well done and true to the lore of warhammer with more legendary lords on the way with the 8 we already. Campaign and battles are gorgeous and have a great soundtrack that makes it feel like Lord of the Rings at times. High Elves, Dark Elves, Lizardmen, and freakin Ratmen. I can't wait for the blood and gore pack to come in with the new animations. A job well done CA and look forward to your next installment in the trilogy!"
76561198018150366,Recommended,594570,35353371,Posted: 30 September,all,Ranorian,"Short version: An improvement over Warhammer I in every possible way, including better animations, a bolder AI, more varied (and larger map), and unique factions. At release, you cannot play the Warhammer I factions in Warhammer II; this will change in about a month when the ""Grand Campaign"" is released, for free. This has been confirmed multiple times by CA representatives online.Longer version: Warhammer I was a great game, but needed some improvements, and CA has really batted it out of the park with this one. The factions are extremely varied, with unique unites and feel: the Lizardmen, for example, are a hard-hitting, tough-as-nails faction that needs to get into melee quickly and dominate with strong infantry and incredible magic backup. On the other hand, the Skaven have massive armies of relatively terrible troops, backed up with a few elite units you can use as a ""hammer"".The campaign map itself is beautiful, and quite varied: for the Kroq-Gar starting position, you have Dwarves, Wood Elves, Skaven, High Elves, Orcs, and the occasional roaming Beastman tribe all nearby. Just a short Carnosaur-hop north is a massive desert populated by the Vampire Counts, with Empire settlements on the edges. The area I just described is about one fifth of the map.It's hard to overstate how well done the animations are. There's a series of beautiful sync animations, with the Legendary Lords facing off in one-on-one combat (or Mazdamundi slamming down a rat ogre), but the general animations are also extremely well done. Carnosaurs especially are a blast.Overall, it's an improvement over the first Warhammer game: if you liked that one, you're going to really like this one."
,Recommended,594570,35361864,Posted: 30 September,all,Fed02,If you liked the first game you'll like this one-ai is smart I find difficult winning in difficulty very hard-races are unique-and battle are more funIt's an upgrade of the first game
76561198015949079,Recommended,594570,35364277,Posted: 30 September,all,jzltamago,"Better than the first game in every way except the number of factions...which will no longer be true in a couple weeks when they release the combined campaign. As someone who was super skeptical of the first game and only bought it after all the paid DLC was out, this series is a must have for any TW fans. You will be dragged into the lore and love it, I promise."
76561198031970900,Recommended,594570,35354372,Posted: 30 September,all,michaelwilkins,Its a really good game but they need to work on glitches a bit more.
76561197962031434,Recommended,594570,35357013,Posted: 30 September,all,Poni,"Played as Dark Elves, faced a rebel group from Empire.. garrison versus 1 hero and 20 units of hellstorm rocket batteri..10/10"
76561198061362255,Recommended,594570,35360053,Posted: 30 September,all,ＺｕｌｕＤｏｇｇｏ,"I've clocked 200 hours in for this game's prequel, and for starters I can already say this one is world's apart from the first. A much better interface, immersive maps, and gorgeous animations. Also, the voice acting is a BIG +"
76561198018789943,Recommended,594570,35369819,Posted: 1 October,all,vaa,"i recommend this purchase now if you can afford it.i hope this base game will be a bedrock for everything that comes after, we need full siege to make use of the wonderful scenery we have mostly just beyond reach in battlemap sieges.i hope for DLC which offers naval combat (including flying combat on water), all factions created in the warhammer world we have access to on map and made playable, full army lists (including all mercenary units ever recorded in lore being recruitable by culturally suiting factions)i did see references to ind and cathay, i hope i reeeaaaaaally hope for a far east expansion / being part of a third game!!!i hope that once every single drop of milk has been driven from our wallets that the game as a whole will be opened up for modders 100% to go crazy!"
76561197993768556,Recommended,594570,35372308,Posted: 1 October,all,The Aussie Stig,A fantastic step forward for the series.New playable races are very diverse and intersting. Damage dealing spells are actually useful now and the various lords and heroes are more visually distinctive than in the last game. I'm really enjoying the new map and game mechanics and am yet to run into any bugs or performance issues. my only small complaint is the volume levels are very low even when turned up full. The levels I have to run to get decent volume would make my ears bleed on any other title.Overall a brilliant game that feels very well fleshed out. I'm excited to see what future updates and further content will bring.
76561198123898839,Recommended,594570,35419941,Posted: 2 October,all,Gareth,Seriously this is the best game i have ever played!! Thank you CA for this masterpiece please dont let me down on game 3 I cant wait already!!!!
76561197972097151,Recommended,594570,35427560,Posted: 2 October,all,Grizzkhit,Most likely the best Warhammer game ever!
76561198046222988,Recommended,594570,35428624,Posted: 2 October,all,RH1N076,Very well done game! Smooth gameplay and challenging battles!
76561198082331527,Recommended,594570,35429555,Posted: 2 October,all,JenelSM,"Great game in my opinion, I played the first one and enjoyed it and they really out did themselves on the new UI and a lot of issues that I had with the first one. Simpler control scheme but still a complexity to it that challenges you and is absolutely fun even when things go wrong."
,Recommended,594570,35430334,Posted: 2 October,all,Fijiflu,"this will be my first review for a video game, i love this game. it builds off the first in such a way that felt alive and not in a restriciting way but an eliviating way, right now the game is playable with few bugs. but nothing game breaking. i would give this a 10/10 but i do understand the concern of a full 60 dollar game right after the first one, so it drops to a 9/10 for me."
76561198042259913,Recommended,594570,35431569,Posted: 2 October,all,Call of Sav,Have not played a Total War game in a long time. This was a great way to come back to the series. Very polished and beautiful game.
76561197983203939,Recommended,594570,35437402,Posted: 2 October,all,Ed',"Total war warhammer 1 gave us:humansorcsdwarfsvampire countsbretonnia (added on later as a new free faction).Total war warhammer 2 gives you:dark elfshigh elfsskavenlizardmen.Here are the pros+All of races are unique+add to this the ritual and the vortex objectives+ noticeable improvements to both the UI+you can now select what kind of notifications you get from factions when ending your turn+you can select what notifications you get regarding events in your faction+The campaign forces you to invade in late game so you can interrupt the rituals6Cons:- spells are a lot more overpowered (i managed to kill 2 units using 1 spell)-The heroes will get killed easier forcing you to keep them in the back(this really depends if you liked badass heroes or not in total war wahammer 1)-Graphic requirements-Graphic quality-The rogue armies are annoying AF.9/10 General improvement of the serieslacking a bit on the optimisation side, if you played the first total war warhammer you will love this one (if you have a pc that can also handle it). If you are new, this game is great at tutorials and will keep you for a large amouth of time (yes it's that great)."
76561198023771996,Recommended,594570,35352778,Posted: 30 September,all,Amardarial,"Well, once the game was fully installled I sat down to learn it, 8 hours latter I finnaly decided maybe some sleep was a good idea. Game is super addicative."
76561198008063497,Recommended,594570,35360929,Posted: 30 September,all,Duelgongo,Best Total War yet. The Vortex is very epic... and either I suck or it's just something I need to get use to.10/10 would Dino again
76561198049961111,Recommended,594570,35363475,Posted: 30 September,all,Lord Mon,"A solid game, if you liked the first one you will love this one."
76561198126818306,Recommended,594570,35364235,Posted: 30 September,all,Darkhangel,"""Have you heard of the High Elves?""World of Warcraft has been my favorite game since 2007, but this might take that title."
76561198106982659,Recommended,594570,35364729,Posted: 30 September,all,MrRight555,"Overall really neat game I give 8/10.Seems some things need adjusting and my opinion is after playing the game for like 20 hours its a big installment so i havent gotten to alot of the stuff.3 pro's1. Total war keeps getting better, better art, better music, more immersion. The way your not supposed to take over the whole map is kinda coool as well each faction has its own region.2. So many diffrent units, factions, and a huge world. Really get attached to some or your characters and story is sweet.3. Multiplayer and that i havent the exp to know what to do yet i mean ITS FUN!3 con's1. As a player of a few of the rome and medival games this plays alot diffrent. Had one orc rider unit route like 5 units of high elf archers.2. Some of the interface buttons dont seem perfect. (like once i was laying siege and was attacked by their army[with also a garrison army] and picked retreat and my army went back like 3 steps and the army attacked again and the garrison army was with them!was awful lost my main character because fail retreat button.)3. I dislike the interactive enviornment was hoping they changed it for this game the castles towers baliista tower stuffafter about 80 turns in campaign i did run into a battle with a defendable place but know cool mage towers(im a fan of tower defense games) or something so far anyhow.I like the art music and story magical land stuff alot, I love getting a superhero character I have a level 17 princess named ruby with a dragon mount{with 15%speed bonus) and high power archery and a single target spell high dmg."
,Recommended,594570,35370942,Posted: 1 October,all,InfernalSkys,"I freakin hate lizards, purging them right now."
76561198000852812,Recommended,594570,35398891,Posted: 1 October,all,Rahzum,"I was surprised by Total Warhammer II. There's an expectation with the Cynical ""WE'RE MAKING A TRILOGY"" design that you'd end up with Total War 1: Elfs n' Lizards. Instead, CA appears to be taking something approaching a high road here, and have actually made a solid, effective itteration on the formula and came out with a much more flavorful and exciting experience.We're miles away from the lackluster Empire 'Nominate 5 Characters for Buffs, there's your faction fantasy'. Skaven are all about food, unit spam, and expansion. The Dark Elves depend on slaves for any meaningful campaign buffs, so they're forced to be constantly offensive, and have incredibly dangerous melee and magic units. The High Elves have the best archers, most elite units, and an Influence mechanic that, for better, forces you to occasionally take idiot lords to run your  perfect warrior army. The Lizardmen have a rabid fanbase that will play them regardless of anything I say here, but I'm pretty sure they're okay.The Vortex Campaign gives you an alternative to ""Batter down the Country"" as a means to victory. If you control the *right* territory and do the occasional faction quest, you'll build up a bar ontop of the screen. You build it up, conduct a 10 turn ritual, deal with any suprise enemy spawns, and you get a point towards victory. Get 5 points and win the final battle, and you win the campaign. It could have been really kitchy, but instead it adds a very nice pressure to your world conquerin. It makes it so that you don't feel like you're totally wasting your time unifying your home continent, but the option to crush the world still exists.CA appears to have balanced for this, so you no longer have the 'THORGRIM GRUDEBEARER AND HIS 20 STACK OF PROFESSIONAL DWARVEN♥♥♥♥♥KICKERS KICKING YOU BACK INTO THE STONEAGE, THERE'S YOUR CHALLENGE' as a means of challenge. Now it's more about being able to deal with coverage, more than a single terrifying superarmy (though you may find those sneaking around if you leave the GODDAMN BARBARIANS to their devices).Surprising is the best way to describe Warhammer II. CA put in effort, actual effort, and appears to be trying to make this game the best it can be. They also appear to have pulled back SLIGHTLY on their DLC practices, which everyone appreciates, though to be fair, if this is the quality they want to put out, I'm glad to buy more of it."
76561198126583517,Recommended,594570,35422223,Posted: 2 October,all,hocsuperpower,"send helpif i stop playing, Malekith will break my neck"
,Recommended,594570,35305823,Posted: 29 September,all,B-Ace,"It needs a little more optimization but overall awesome game just like the one before.Love how they changed the UI, the new units & factions are cool and the campaign is way more fun.Definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,594570,35309431,Posted: 29 September,all,Wilson [MG],"Fewer options, but just as good as the first one."
76561197965984772,Recommended,594570,35310573,Posted: 29 September,all,Frost,"What can i say, another TW title that i probably will spend hours and hours on it ... just pure fun in every way !"
76561198010989294,Recommended,594570,35310630,Posted: 29 September,all,NubileThighGaps,Honestly I kind of expected it to be like a really big DLC for Warhammer I but I believe they did enough and made enough improvements to have this merit it's title of Warhammer II.A+
76561198124527746,Recommended,594570,35310989,Posted: 29 September,all,Terrifyingly Plausible,Wirde that there are only 2 races tho-Lizards and lizard food.
,Recommended,594570,35311048,Posted: 29 September,all,Jaxi,Total War perfected.
76561198006257146,Recommended,594570,35311200,Posted: 29 September,all,OldRin187,"On turn 5 of my skaven campaign, my hero got wounded for 4 turns after deciding to investigate a risky tunnel during a treasure hunt and i thought to myself this game is awesome.Game is amazing the intro movies are top notch, all UI and interface stuff is really improved and smoothed out. The Tutorials for new players are night and day better!  So far there seems to be a more complete and immersive story being told. The battles are excellent and complicated the city building and board game world map part is better than ever.The Races are all very unique and have tons of different unit types with various strengths and weaknesses and actually play quite differently.Graphics are fantastic I'm running everything on ultra, the battles are like movies playing out just great!Get the Game if you are even remotely considering it i put 300+ hours into the first one loved it, This one is even better !!"
76561197964110177,Recommended,594570,35312395,Posted: 29 September,all,Little Bobby Tables,"Everything that TWW was and more.A slew of QoL impovements, great new races, and an interesting new central struggle in the rites of the vortex.If you liked TWW you should have pre-purchased this game.Hype train goes Squeek Squeek."
,Recommended,594570,35312813,Posted: 29 September,all,The Real Duncan,As good as the first one (or even better).
,Recommended,594570,35457992,Posted: 3 October,all,Good Guy Mao,"Very fun game, big improvment over the original."
76561198125938005,Recommended,594570,35478056,Posted: 4 October,all,TheJarl,"This game is just what Warhammer 1 did good, just better. The new mechanics in this game make the game feel like a new experience and a whole new learning curve. It features old mechanics and factions which we saw in warhammer 1 while adding new elements and variety into the game. A really good game for people who are really into strategy and loved other Total War games! One of the best strategy games that I have played in a looong time. I would recommend it for people who are into strategy and story based games. If you are in doubt, this game is completely worth it and is just what I wanted from playing something like CIV 5, and therefore really enjoy this game. 9/10 :D"
76561197961885143,Recommended,594570,35481723,Posted: 4 October,all,theseeman,I am enjoying this game. The varied mechanics are fun. The classic hammer and anvil still works. Can't wait for some form of undead to be in this game. Can't wait for more factions but only because I am greedy. There is plenty of content and each faction feels totally different from anything in WH1. I can't wait for the big map.
76561197986048179,Recommended,594570,35485542,Posted: 4 October,all,Chef Gordon Ramsay,"Great total war game, if you enjoyed the first you'll be happy with this. Only Thing i wish it had was the full map of the old world in campaign mode as it is now you cant go to any of the places in warhammer total war."
76561198000133496,Recommended,594570,35487499,Posted: 4 October,all,Nietzsche,"Fix the vortex enemies, they're overpowered and defeats the purpose of territorial expansion.  Especially since they appear out of no where, and enemies can sponsor overly-powerful armies to sabotage you."
,Recommended,594570,35490102,Posted: 5 October,all,Rasral,"Vastly improved from Warhammer 1! I was sceptical at first whether this would be a glorified expansion pack, however this is much more! At first glance it looks like an expansion with only 4 new races, but the amount of *detail* thats gone into it. You can tell CA absolutely adore warhammer, details from even niche novels are preserved fully. A genuine game made with love by people that love the franchise."
,Recommended,594570,35354780,Posted: 30 September,all,Fuppy,yeah its ok
76561198088930754,Recommended,594570,35356908,Posted: 30 September,all,Donkay,"My current 26 hours ingame is literally the first 26 hours since i purchased it, with a couple 30 min afk's. Been having a blast and i already cant wait to see what CA does with the DLC !!!!!"
76561198101194932,Recommended,594570,35362817,Posted: 30 September,all,Blackwing233,"all i can say is that this game is great possibly the only gripe i have with it, is that the high elves don't have enough units at there disposal, but besides that i recomend this game whole heartly."
76561198175687325,Recommended,594570,35364071,Posted: 30 September,all,marcantoineg,"Great variety of units. Graphics are extremely beautiful, a bit too much tbh. My graphic cards have a hard time hitting more than 50 fps on ultra during big battles. Most units are there. Elves and lizardman have all units they can have afaik. Skaven are the most incomplete, the obvious missing units being the verminlord, rats with rifles and stormfiends. I hope they'll add them one day. Campaign has new interesting mechanics. Factions are more unique. 9/10"
76561197963998096,Recommended,594570,35369999,Posted: 1 October,all,Gogopher,with the exception of the forced ending it is superior to tw:w in everyway...game feels much more polished...races more diverse...playable even without mods which is way better than vanilla tw:w1 ever was...the only real negatives is the map is so huge and u aquire territory so often u feel as if u are running an empire (not THE empire of course but ur very own)....as a throwback to the old medival war total war series there are tons of unique building thrown in...all which do cool stuff and make u want to take over the settlements with them just to see what they are...the new habitability rules are nice...no more razing cities cause u are human and its dwarf...u can literally settle anything although the worse it is for ur race the more penalties the settlement has...each race has totally unique rosters (well elves and dark elves are similiarish but differnt enough that they arent clones)the vortex mechanic and rites mechanics are both very cool and refreshing...although i hope the forced ending thing is something that can be modded out...but even with that i have a DE campaign where i have done 3/5 rituals and im almost at 100turns...so the pacing is soundnew agent mechanic is completely awesome...and the LL/heroes are very well done with the LL having unique and intersting skills that seperate them from heroes very welltldr: is better than the first...if u like the first get this one for its own sake...the GC will just be gravy
76561198028684516,Recommended,594570,35375585,Posted: 1 October,all,PigDevil,"Ruining my life, 10/10 would recommend.On a more serious note, if you like fantasy and you like strategy or if you just enjoy watching fantastical beasts and soldiers battling it out on an epic scale, GET THIS GAME. This is like reliving my childhood of fantasy books and stories. It is actually just amazing"
,Recommended,594570,35391944,Posted: 1 October,all,✪General Griefus,I really love this game. It is a good improvement from the first. If you are an avid Warhammer or Total War fan I suggest this game.
76561198008122923,Recommended,594570,35393008,Posted: 1 October,all,littleduckie,"MASSIVELY improved over Warhammer I. Sure, to some, the sieges still fundamentally work the same, but the biggest problems I care about of Warhammer I (that the other major factions almost never grow into a real threat, and you never get to fight their higher tier units/Lords on mounts without using mods like Steel Faith's Overhaul, and many meh skills in Lord/Hero skill trees, ) are solidly resolved in Warhammer II.Highly recommended - the mechanics and UI have been continuously iterated upon and refined since Total War Rome II, and what we have now is something that works really well.Only complaint: Can we have a toggle to not animate between different locations when showing AI turns? (In Warhammer I, there isn't any transition animations, and that speeds up turn times so much)."
76561198138676976,Recommended,594570,35395060,Posted: 1 October,all,ThyBackUp,"As a newcomer to Total War, I was very confused and completely blind to the game. I didn't know which units were against which, didn't know how to control provinces and race for the Vortex (still don't), but this game is amazing if you want to open your mind to other games. Sure, it's a lot to process and there''s a lot of micro-managing, but that's what makes it fun. This is all I've been playing lately and it's fun.Now, my laptop can't have the graphics too high, so the graphics for myself aren't that great, so I'm only enjoying the gameplay now. I mean, come on. There's dinosaurs riding dinosaurs."
,Recommended,594570,35420501,Posted: 2 October,all,Mr. Nux,"So far the Rats have been the only class to tickle my fancy, if you played the first one they're like a combo of undead+dwarfs it's great."
76561198053691407,Recommended,594570,35426524,Posted: 2 October,all,Cuddles,If an army of elves charging in to fight with a variety of dragons against an army of dark elves with hydras and dragons doesn't sound awesome then i'm afraid you are not a cool bean.
76561198089553936,Recommended,594570,35428158,Posted: 2 October,all,Autistic Slav,Begone Thot
76561198157708251,Recommended,594570,35430267,Posted: 2 October,all,DESTRUCTO GEO,"This game is awesome, i did not play the 1st one but you can enjoy it anyway.Lot of fun, less hard than the european universalis, but not too easy.beautiful, fast, it will take all your time :D"
76561197972109137,Recommended,594570,35433896,Posted: 2 October,all,Mickc,"First total war game I played threw to the end(usaly restart). I rarely finish games, but they added so many new little intresting features. A lot of people where scared that well this is a full cost game not and expansion that it wouldnt offer enough, but I was pleased with the little things added, like floating treasures you can find. And well the elves are well done, did a high elf play threw. Only problem I have is the last battle, I'll not speak much about it but come on, really?, kinda unfair."
76561198315175536,Recommended,594570,35362927,Posted: 30 September,all,TotalOrk22,"Pre ordered both of these games and was well worth it. Everything from the diversity of factions to units from being a fantasy game just gives it so much replayability. Although the vortex mechanic isnt my favorite, I eagerly await the promised free LC from CA that will give us the Mortal empires campaign (Grimgor needs to kill lizards too). Graphics have improved and the actual content available seems improved than when they released Warhammer 1.My only complaints with this game have been that battles are way to short, but somehow it seems as if it TW 2 they're a bit longer now so thanks for that. However maybe CA should look into ""Citadel"" maps, just a handful of maps for the races main capital so it isnt too expensive,  with actual cities or even just one side of the city like now just bigger. The city center shouldnt be right next to the walls for crying out loud, give us oppurtunity for multiple stages of defense. A 2 v 2 siege with 40 stack armies should take 40 minutes of actual battle time for strategy, not 10-15."
76561198115063020,Recommended,594570,35373833,Posted: 1 October,all,Skallom,"So i played as Cult of Pleasure with Morathi of the dark elves, and i eventually confederated with Naggarond which made me get Malekith, but because of the loyalty system he rebelled and i had to kill him. 9/10 would kill my son again."
76561197993699733,Recommended,594570,35380958,Posted: 1 October,all,Commander G,"So far this game runs great. It looks great, it sounds great, everything about it is great. They improved some things from the first Warhammer which was interesting for them to do so. The only gripe I have is still no blood nor any mods yet, but that will change soon.The other gripe is the campagin. You are basically thrown in to a race right from the start. The whole goal of the game is to control the vortex that the High Elves are controlling around the main island in the game. The entire world is well done and is seperated in to 4 different islands that you start off on, depending on which faction leader you choose. It's a really well done game and in my opinion, if you are a huge fan of the Total War series or are a fan of both fantasy and strategy games this is a must get game.First though I should say you should play the first one to understand the idea of the setting first before playing this one. They don't connect in some ways, but the factions you come across are interesting none the less."
76561198005762160,Recommended,594570,35389622,Posted: 1 October,all,Shaffy,A huge improvement on the first title and generally an all round great Total War game.Story events are actually fun and enjoyable to follow and work towards.
76561198017531416,Recommended,594570,35389793,Posted: 1 October,all,Lithos1,Warhammer Total War is good. Warhammer Total War II is excellent. They did a great job improving on the Total War Warhammer franchice with this one.
76561197968684127,Recommended,594570,35391731,Posted: 1 October,all,Ele,"Vast improvement on the previous one, and every other previous one. New standard in Total War.The campaign is more active and engaging (although I wish you could turn the rift race on and off), the races are all varied but nicely balanced.Can't recommend it enough."
76561198067721096,Recommended,594570,35395113,Posted: 1 October,all,Ronangeli,"I got 700+ hours into TW Warhammer 1. I am very proud that I purchased TW Warhammer 2, and I recommend this game to anyone that is interested! The graphics are great. The campaign is fun and interesting, will keep you entertained-- even better than Warhammer 1. The uniqueness of each faction can be felt in both campaign and battle. You'll be able to get a ton of hours out of this game. Warhammer 1 saw some good DLC and I expect even better for Warhammer 2. Buy it!"
,Recommended,594570,35414056,Posted: 2 October,all,Lynch,"First of all i played all the total war games, and this is a HUGE improvement from the first warhammer and i really enjoyed that game. 10/10 for me. BUY IT you will NOT be disappointed."
76561198076592076,Recommended,594570,35427318,Posted: 2 October,all,Mckoll,Much fun.
76561198048098140,Recommended,594570,35428325,Posted: 2 October,all,Emperor Palpatine,"Brilliant sequel, looking forward to the combined map. Hope there is a blood pack again especially for all the monsters and the new animations that have been done.Bring about total domination for The Old Ones."
76561197987668595,Recommended,594570,35456901,Posted: 3 October,all,Cervantes,"An overall improvement over the first one. The whole Total War : Warhammer thing is shaping up to be a kickass game once both campaigns are linked together, just on the expensive side. Let's face it, it's the only good Warhammer-licensed game released since the first Dawn of War, and I will keep supporting the game because I want it to be successful and eventually add all the factions from the lore to the campaign map for something truly epic. It's the kind of game I talked about with friends saying how nice it would be if it existed, and now it's happening, and it doesn't suck !"
76561198022493892,Recommended,594570,35483824,Posted: 4 October,all,[X] SpartanXZero,"Total War series has never failed to deliver a detailed robust strategic game.  Great game, campaign offers nearly endless hours of depth.  In accordance to cost vs time spent, worth every penny."
,Recommended,594570,35501836,Posted: 5 October,all,[H],Amazing.. 10/10
,Recommended,594570,35352929,Posted: 30 September,all,Grundmir,"I have only one complaint, which is probably irrational or bound to my config/perception: optimalization is worse than in first, despite seemingly using same engine, getting some stutters moving campaign map/units on it. Just a good game, like most of Total War series."
76561198042693966,Recommended,594570,35353233,Posted: 30 September,all,fidler1,Total war and Lizardmen what else could you ask for
76561197992768578,Recommended,594570,35355076,Posted: 30 September,all,haha,Love it. Many little changes that were missing in the first title. Races play different and are fun to play. Game has some performance issues but those will be resolved. Absolutely recommended just like the first game of the total war warhammer series
,Recommended,594570,35361536,Posted: 30 September,all,TOOL,GG def needs Blood Mod but continues the good thing going from the first one. If only we could get a good 40k RTS. :(
,Recommended,594570,35364367,Posted: 30 September,all,RelicLord,"A fantastic expansion on the concept of the first game, and you can tell there's a lot of room for more factions and lords. On the one hand, that means you can expect a lot of DLC to buy, like with the first game. On the other hand, it means you can expect a lot of DLC to add content, like with the first game which easily doubled in size and scope.If you liked the first one, you'll like this one even more. Rituals and new campaign/race mechanics add an interesting spin on the conquer-the-world style of other TW games, and the races are all unique and fun to play. Not just different units or different strong points, but how you go about the campaign will vary. The lizards, rats, and emos will hold your interest and offer very different experiences. The High Elves end up being kind of 'vanilla' but their political intrigue and spying gives them a really strong edge on the strategic level. It all works out in the end.Like any CA game, it's a just a little unbalanced, you can see where the DLC is supposed to fit, and there are some glaring issues they'll patch over the next few weeks (autoresolve feature is beyond useless right now). Still, none of that can stop the game from being really damn fun.Can't wait for the combined map and SFO Mod to come out."
76561198127876122,Recommended,594570,35372100,Posted: 1 October,all,Neemo,Fantastic so far. Loading times are slow but im sure thats just my rig. Run fantastic on max settings and battles are fun.
76561198008862866,Recommended,594570,35376470,Posted: 1 October,all,liberty44,Amazing game!!!
76561198008964877,Recommended,594570,35501281,Posted: 5 October,all,John_Snow_King=OF=SPARTA,"Creative Assembly did a great job on their new title, however this game like every other Total War needs to rework. First, I am going to tell you my cons.(1) A.I is a little improve but still not satisfying. For example, rush Malkith in, have darkshards annihilate everything lol you know Dark elve players ;)(2) Still no naval battles.(3) Siege still needs to be worked on. Still the same from the first no real startegy.(4) Multiplayer is meh, wish they never changed Shogun 2's avatar multiplayer :(There are still cons but to me these are the majors i wanted to discuss. Now onward to the pros......(1) Soundtrack is marvelous.(2) Roster is way better feels complete; evethough there are still units left off (DLC) but more improved than WH1(3) atmosphere/environment is way better and looks gorgeous(4) Vortex mechanic to me is a pro. For example, adds challenge and finally you can lose with out just being annihaled like in Rome 1. However it is like a time mechanic but its not too bad.(5) They added a interesting story to each faction, which its mehOverall, this is the best total war so far, there are more cons and pros but dont want to bore you here is my rating9/10 but with mods when they come out 9.5/10MONEYS WORTH!!!!!!!!!"
76561197960944318,Recommended,594570,35354569,Posted: 30 September,all,Abbot,"Love the game... Thats all I have to say about that...Side note... The vortex, in game, goes opposite of what it does in the load screen... Silly oversight by the devs... Scene Continuity"
76561198005767689,Recommended,594570,35392205,Posted: 1 October,all,matty92,loving the game so far diffrent enough from last warhammer tw game. And enough content to warrent price tag very happy.
76561198009590538,Recommended,594570,35414948,Posted: 2 October,all,Mavisthe3rd,"Really streamlined, awesome cinimatic battles, and i kinda understand the blood as DLC thing, but..You dont even have full rosters for the four factions you start with. Well known and liked units have been left off the skaven and high elves army lists. It feels like so much time and effort was put into making everything look good, that only 3/4ths of a game was released. Sure stuff comes with DLC later on but then the price should also say $60 plus 6 months for the full game via DLC.But yeah get this tho. No shame."
76561197972169781,Recommended,594570,35435012,Posted: 2 October,all,Phase,"Even better than the first - the Vortex Campaign has great replayability, an interesting map with lots of unique locations, plenty of factions to choose from and a challenging storyline and victory condition.  Very well polished, but based on the first release it will continue to improve - highly recommended for Total War and Warhammer fans."
,Recommended,594570,35438717,Posted: 3 October,all,cooperftw,Rat-ogres.
,Recommended,594570,35473658,Posted: 4 October,all,Araistel,"Best Total War ever for me.  Great graphic, sound effects, music and new features such as treasure hunting in ruins and exploring different mysterious things on the sea which always benefit the player. Can't wait for Mortal Empires Campaign :)"
76561198005593411,Recommended,594570,35484393,Posted: 4 October,all,Senler,"Great game, really love it.I am hoping for more customization for heroes with gear, should be able to sell extra gear you find and also war gear should change how your character looks.Only complaint is that the Skaven unit that ambushes makes quick work of other NPC armies so they spread everywhere much to fast."
,Recommended,594570,35360441,Posted: 30 September,all,ALUCARD,Play dark elvesfreaking rats wont leave me alonethen more rats show upstill fighting rat hordeafter rat horde I settled down and become a rat exterminator
,Recommended,594570,35363975,Posted: 30 September,all,Shattered713,26 Hours ingame and just completed my first playthrough as Skaven. 10/10 fun and challenging.
,Recommended,594570,35367490,Posted: 1 October,all,SOLKLAR,A good sequel to the first total war: warhammer game
76561198196855653,Recommended,594570,35375603,Posted: 1 October,all,AD Joe,"The more I play this game, the more I love it. Massive step up from the first game which was already great in itself. Nicely done CA, looking forward for what's next to come!"
76561198040658326,Recommended,594570,35377123,Posted: 1 October,all,TheBritishVIking,"Very good game, different races which dont make you feel like you're playing the same but with a different skin.Better than the first Warhammer game in every way."
,Recommended,594570,35390556,Posted: 1 October,all,hav0c,"May contain spoilers.TW:W 2 is definetely an improvement version of TW:W 1. Visually and gameplay-wise with a new beautiful campaign map and 4 different races with their own faction gameplay mechanics. My first playthrough with lizardmen and Kroq-Gar on hard difficulty took about 210 turns. The ritual ""race"" made me to do erratic decisions and thats why it made the vortex campaign fresh and interesting, for one time only though. I can't see me playing it over and over again so for me it was a one time wonder. The final battle was a disappointing and way too easy. Hope they fix that.Waiting for mods now and dlc of course. Overall this is recommendable game, not great but good. 7/10"
76561198283859286,Recommended,594570,35391411,Posted: 1 October,all,123,yes-YES
76561198160130118,Recommended,594570,35428252,Posted: 2 October,all,Acaranite,great game
76561198007566250,Recommended,594570,35429411,Posted: 2 October,all,Infernal Spawn of Evil,"I was really impressed with the level of detail that comes to the game. Its been really fun and I am looking forward to the mega-campaign that will combine 1+2.I've really enjoyed it, and I think its even better than #1 and I am very excited for the future of these titles."
76561198058693561,Recommended,594570,35430874,Posted: 2 October,all,Shogun Chris,I haven't sincerely enjoyed a total war's campaign this much since medieval 2
76561198011936635,Recommended,594570,35431691,Posted: 2 October,all,jermanicus,"70 hours later I'm still loving it. The game play is really refined. The graphics are best I've seen from total war.  The added features to help you remember way off armies or settlements which can be upgraded is great. (If you were a leader you would have people to remind you of such things.)  I like the vortex aspect, wish it was optional though. Way to go CA, now get that mortal empire thing launched already."
,Recommended,594570,35432242,Posted: 2 October,all,amazing mouse,good game! buy now!
76561198035071430,Recommended,594570,35432926,Posted: 2 October,all,Tastes Like Kevin Bacon,"Admittedly, the first game was not my cup of tea. (preference for the historical titles / minor optimization issues)This though... ""WOW""Hands down the best TW game to date. Excellent optimization, interesting factions and an engrossing campaign make this nothing short of true perfection. 10/10"
76561198038178052,Recommended,594570,35458405,Posted: 3 October,all,eaglekin,"I loved the first entry in this triology, but the second has raised the bar in every conceivable way. I have played every Total War aside from the original Shogun, and this has got to be the best of them. Fantastic job CA, I cannot wait for the release of Mortal Empires to play on the f***ing enormous combined map (the likes of which I have been waiting for since Empire!)!"
76561198015264913,Recommended,594570,35494030,Posted: 5 October,all,i am pro at total war,i love the game but i have a problem it wont launch on steam so i have to use the exe which is a problem once mods start coming out cause i like to use mods can any1 help me please
,Recommended,594570,35501953,Posted: 5 October,all,Trilldebeest,This is what a game is supposed to be like: casually challenging and highly addictive.
,Recommended,594570,35354787,Posted: 30 September,all,lul-lee,♥♥♥♥♥s cash
76561198095424840,Recommended,594570,35359860,Posted: 30 September,all,Skorpio,"While sieges still leave much to be desired, the battles at unwalled settlements do seem to be more alive and the game is quite fun to play. I remain hopeful for improvements to make sieges like what we had in previous total wars, but overall i'd say this is a step in the right direction for the series.And Carnosaurs are ♥♥♥♥ing awesome."
76561198055114734,Recommended,594570,35361988,Posted: 30 September,all,XavierLin,Magic in the battle is now much improved and takes on a more important role. Wonder how CA will combine old factions into the new grand campaign map with balanced unit and magic.
76561198047942797,Recommended,594570,35381881,Posted: 1 October,all,l-GroundHog-l,"Reviewed at 23 hours in. Pretty good. My menu and pre-rendered cutscenes don't get higher than 15 fps at the moment, but normal campaign and battles get decent fps. Couple of bugs but no crashes as of yet. If you liked Warhammer I, I'd definitely look into getting this one."
,Recommended,594570,35390735,Posted: 1 October,all,Co1475,An amazing game. The new system of climates makes the world that much bigger and makes wars with other races that much more intense. The one thing I don't like about this game is that the settlements don't change to you type of faction when you conquer them. It just breaks the immersion a little bit. But otherwise amazing game. All of the factions are interesting and fun and the new ruins and shipwrecks mechanics make sailing the seas that much more interesting. Great job and I highly recommend this game!
76561197992804851,Recommended,594570,35399190,Posted: 1 October,all,Lt.Bullcrap,They did an amazing job with this one and crafting the world. It looks incredible
76561198046208304,Recommended,594570,35399361,Posted: 1 October,all,Artorias,"Having played almost every installment of the Total War Series, i am pleasantly surprised to say the least. Although it is well known that Total War games reach their prime in month 2/3 from release, this is partly true since Mortal Kingdoms will hopefully be released by then and isn't included in the current version. However, this being said, this has got to be the most bug free total war release to date. I am so happy about this. Thank you CA for optimising the game enough to make the release an enjoyable experience. For those unaware of the usual total war bugs, just look up videos on Rome 2 total war release :P"
,Recommended,594570,35427044,Posted: 2 October,all,Gunlethal,A fantastically diverse game with an incredible twist on the Total War series
76561197999946174,Recommended,594570,35433390,Posted: 2 October,all,EGUN! [RoB],AZTEC LIZARDS.If that dosen't sound ♥♥♥♥ing awesome then you're looking in the wrong place.
76561198011172881,Recommended,594570,35434986,Posted: 2 October,all,Uldergoff,Fantastic game! I spent a week figguring out how to build my cities to optimise both troops and defence and money. Then after understanding gameplay i completed the game last sunday playing as the Slann (big floaty toads in the lizardmen armies). i am now enjoying gameplay as the other factions. again TOTAL WAR you have out done yourself. (ps. a long time ago in the Warhammer Fantasy relm there was a 'faction' that revolved around rich burgurmeisters that had paid for a mercenary army. There were also rules for Kislev armies as well. Just sayin)
76561198040419213,Recommended,594570,35435480,Posted: 2 October,all,Agent P,"Awesome - 9/10Warhammer II its a big improvement from an already excelent game.The new campaign its a non strop race to get the vortex, and you have zero time to waste.Each race plays really different, with very different units, and very different buildings to solve very different problems.- Dark elves are always threaten by rebellion.- The skaven are fueled by the desperate need of food. And the only way to survive its to steal it from the cold hand of your enemy.- Saurus are powerfoul wizards and warriors, but are sorrounded by rats, dark elves, and even vampires.- The new strategic map its huge and beautifoul.But in the tactical combat, the game gets even better.Its a pleasure to see the carnosaurs, war hydras, black dragons, skaven canons, etc. etc. etc.Play it, and you will be begging for new DLC.Cause you will find no better way to spend your money."
,Recommended,594570,35436905,Posted: 2 October,all,Cobby Creed,"Great game, only thing people find negative with this game is the DLC."
76561198119649156,Recommended,594570,35455829,Posted: 3 October,all,Apex.Duke11,"I've played the first one and i got bored after a little but, this one i cant stop playing! its super fun with little to complain about (:"
76561197995222377,Recommended,594570,35460750,Posted: 3 October,all,Krulgrim,A great sequel to Total War: Warhammer.  A tighter focused campaign sets it apart from the usual grand campain seen in the Total War series.  The combined Mortal Empires campaign should make the game even bigger.
76561198026104216,Recommended,594570,35472872,Posted: 4 October,all,The Ravenous Eye,"Total War: Warhammer 2 is an excellent extension of Total War: Warhammer 1.Bringing in several more of the iconic races of the Warhammer universe, the game has a more streamlined objective for all the races this time around: Capture certain settlements to generate ritual resource, start ritual once you have enough and defend 3 settlements determined by the ritual (usually your 3 largest). While the campaign's narrative is much more engaging than in the first one, not having personal victory conditions does hurt the experience a little bit. The initial missions you are given also hurt the experience a little bit for more advanced players, since you are encouraged to take a specific course of action when another course might prove better to you. The Queek campaign and Kroq-gar especially suffer from this.In terms of the campaign map, it is massive. It is so large, the mere thought of conquering it all will make your rat-whiskers tingle, your serrated blades restless, your flames roar and your primal instincts take over. Exploring the world is exciting, as one faces new factions, opportunities and enemies at every turn. This is further enhanced by the treasure mechanic at sea, the treasure hunting mechanic and the increased number of unique buildings available in specific regions in the world.On the other hand, the racing mechanic of the ritual combined with the huge map means you will most likely complete your first campaign without seeing two thirds of the map, which can feel frustrating after having built an empire ready to conquer it all. It will also somewhat limit the opponents you will fight, seeing as the races are primarily divided on the 4 continents. The mortal empires campaign will most likely solve this. Apart from that, it DOES improve replayability.The campaign interface has also had a bit of a fixer-upper, adding several quality of life improvements, such as an interface for camera control during other factions' turns. No more having to closely follow neutral factions' movements! Feelsgoodman.The battle mechanics have also been slightly improved, with more interesting abilities such as rampage introduced. Perhaps a little overly introduced as 3 out of 4 races now has an ability based on whether they are on 50% max health. Arrow physics have been majorly improved and can now have a more vertical trajectory. A small change, but one you will doubtlessly find compelling, coming from the first game.Army abilities have also been introduced and boy are they a blast to use. Summon more ratmen, invoke the power of the ancient plaques, bombard your enemies from above and much more. Players who found their armies inflexible in the first game, will enjoy these global spells that can be used anywhere on the map at any time as they make you feel more in control of a battle where units can be cumbersome to move around.The voice acting is okay. Malekith's voice is as presented in the trailer, Queek headtaker's voice is a mix of weird and adorable, while the high elves are noble-sounding as it should be. It is not incredible, but it gets the job done.The soundtracks are interesting, having most likely taken some pages out of World of Warcrafts book. They are enjoyable for a while, but you will want to have a mix appropriate for your race ready once you really get invested.Overall an excellent game and a worthy successor to Warhammer 1, but does not bring in anything revitalizing new mechanics in terms of the gameplay. If you liked the previous one, you will most likely enjoy this one as well.Best of luck on the battlefields of the New World! Collapse"
,Recommended,594570,35501087,Posted: 5 October,all,schnarffle,"As the Lizardmen, you can eat your captives after resolving combat.11/10 Would eat allies again."
76561198073459080,Recommended,594570,35401171,Posted: 1 October,all,Skaven Hunter,"I'm supposed to be doing my Chinese homework, I'm not doing it. I'm supposed to go to the gym, instead I'm drinking redbull and eating doritos. The only good thing is my gf is gone for 10 days on holidays or she'll dump me! Anyway to the game.I know there was a lot of hate for the first game because of all the pricey addons, but I enjoyed the base game and this game is in everyway better.1) Lots and lots of units with different abilities. For example high elves have fire breathing dragons, and phoenix that can nuke the ground below.2) The pacing of the game is much better. In the first game chaos comes too soon and you've barely conquered most of the map before you find yourself constantly denfending against Norsca and chaos attacks.3) Battle mechanics in my opinion are fluid.4) The races are very different with different playstyles, unlike other total war games like Shogun which I liked a lot but all the units were the same.5) The race to get vortex rituals done between factions add a sense of urgency. You have to balance out expansion, creating own units and strategically buying mercenary armies to stop their rituals.6) I know people have complained the spawning of enemy armies when you do your own rituals is too much. But I like the challenge. You have to remember in the total war world at the end you're meant to be fighting for survival.7) Little extra bits like sunken treasure in the seas that you can explore to get extra loot and bonuses.8) Much larger map and expansive world. Domination victory requires you take 50 provinces which is huge. So you get the sense you're really playing a proper hard fought campaign.Gonna tell my gf to have a longer holiday."
,Recommended,594570,35506402,Posted: 5 October,all,Canadian Ensign,"dinos riding god damned dinos, fighting ratman with world war 1 tech. Yes Please."
76561198071592989,Recommended,594570,35338873,Posted: 30 September,all,toniban89,"Very good game , definitelly an upgrade to the last 1"
76561198128887251,Recommended,594570,35303875,Posted: 29 September,all,goodrich23,"I couldn't believe the negative reviews for this game. To save you time here is everyone's negatives review by how often I ran into them.50% This game is so dumb it only has 4 factions what a waste should have more like the last one. CA Just milking me for money all over again.You guys are seriously dense the last tww released and was broken as hell so that none of the factions were really fun to play but vampires. Dwarven Warriors with high armor, were getting slaughtered by greenskin counterparts in combat, however on the flipside whenever I played greenskins my units routed so much dwarves would just clean me out. After playing a little of each faction I'd say the factions play better at the start then the last one did.30% This game feels too similar to the first one. They copy pasted so much things like magic and abilities, and still no naval combat this is the worst.Well one they are making this game compatible with the first one so you can't just go rewriting the entire code of the game calm down guys. A little familiarity in games in necessary. Second they have actually changed a lot of the battle code from the first one. I don't know if anyone else noticed but battles are a little bit slower archers have a little more impact, and finally! The Ai doesn't spread their battle lines super long whenever I hide a unit in a forest for an ambush. I swear t0 god the first TWW♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off every time I tried to lay a rear charge the ai would sweep their units through the forest in a way that they saw my hidden units. Also in regards to Naval combat the only Naval combat I've ever enjoyed was in Fall of the samurai. I hated it in shogan 2, rome2, and Attila, so I am actually glad it is just auto resolved.10% This game is too hard= You are not good and should probably watch some streamers on how to get better. You should not be getting slaughtered on easy at turn 100 while only fielding 2 armies, you screwed up.10% This game is too easy I play on legendary and I always defeat 4 full stack armies= One no you don't two if you really feel that way I guess Total War isn't for you. I've never actually seen anyone play on legendary and not cheese the AI to win. Most people who stream play on very hard and don't cheese the AI too much to win. So if you're really just cake walking legendary I'm sorry that you watched a bunch of ways to beat the AI and it made the game too easy for you.TLDR: The game is very fun, very interesting, and most negative reviews really don't have any leg to stand on."
,Recommended,594570,35442796,Posted: 3 October,all,Viking,"Better than sex.10/10 best Total war game to date, by FAR."
76561198127028619,Recommended,594570,35318632,Posted: 29 September,all,SpK[k],"I've been following the developers public updates for this project every step of the way. Almost every new feature that the public asked for was added into game #2. The ones that didn't make the cut are understandably not present, such as single units for missing rosters as well as a restructured AI difficulty. the first would be an expensive feature compared to it's impact and the second seems to be a lack of technology that seems to be shared across all games of the strategy genre.I chose to use my vacation time at work to play this game on release. I wouldnt say I regret it, but the gameplay pace and style of the vortex campaign is unsatisfactory to me.  I realize that the vortex campaign is just an small into to WH2 and the real meat of the game comes with the ""Medieval Empires"" campaign. I've only got hours logged in the mid twenties in my legendary Hexoatl campaign, and I know that I may just have gotten bad RNG this playthrough but my campaign, while being played nearly flawlessly, is under extreme pressure that Legendary difficulty in the first game didn't come close to offering.My main comaplints are:- Economy and difficulty to cover the spread of your aqquired provinces. The longer the campaign goes on, the more difficult it is to efficiently and safely protect your provinces from the unbelievably strong main factions on the opposite end of the chaos/order spectrum of the player. Which leads me to my next point.- Confederation handicaps for the player compared to the AI is ridiculous. On legendary difficulty it is nearly impossible to confederate any factions, including those that are much weaker that have relations in the mid 200's with my faction. This is all happening while the main AI factions are confederating to 30+ settlements 120 turns in.Now onto the positives about the content of WH2 aside from the Vortex campaign.Compliments:- Way better optimized on top of graphically better. I understand that some people are reporting WORSE optimization compared to WH1, but my hardware seems to respond amazingly to WH2. my fps is at a constant 60+ fps in normal 20v20 battles as well as on the campaign map. WH1 would have me at constant 25-50 with identical display settings.- excellent job on the factions. Everything from the units to the playstyle of the seperate new factions is excellent. I find myself wanting to play multiple different campaigns to get a chance at play each of these awesome factions.- Graphical improvement from the units, to the maps. The game seems to look much nicer then the first.- Magic being much stronger then the first game, this was probably the most needed change to be made, and I am vey glad we've gotten it.Overall CA did very well with the initial WH2 content and would reccomend this to all. Once the Combined map is released I would willing to bet the game will be a solid 10/10 from me."
76561198027324294,Recommended,594570,35318949,Posted: 29 September,all,zwfrey,"WARHAMMER TWO IS INCOMPARABLY SUPERIOR TO WARHAMMER ONE.Warhammer 1 = Phantom MenaceWarhammer 2 = Empire Strikes Back(Ok, so I made a comparison, but whatever)I have loved total war since Medieval 2, and I DETESTED the first Warhammer. I figured I might as well give Warhammer 2 a try because, ya know, I was going to buy it sooner or later anyways because I'm a sucker and ... It's the best total war game so far. I am really, really surprised this turned out to be an amazing game.Pros:1) I don't really like fantasy games, but even I thought the factions and units in this game were extremely fun. I was surprised how much depth the factions have (as opposed to the ""you're a beastman, go wantonly pillage and slaughter peasants and stuff until the map is barren""-type deal from Warhammer One). Anyone who tells you the lizardmen or skaven aren't the best factions ever need to be put in an insame asylum.2) The terrain, the maps, the new chokepoint battles, the everything was perfect.3) For the first time in my 10 years of playing total war ... I straight-up lost a campaign. Not ""got bored and quit"", but ""lost with the stupid losing animation"" and it was still one of my favorite and most rewarding campaigns ever. One of the issues with total war (in the past) is that after you get a decent chunk of territory in the beginning, you become unstoppable and can just steamroll everyone for the rest of the game until you meet the victory vonditions. Once I figured out how all the new stuff in Warhammer 2 worked, I set the campaign to hard and ... lost the Vortex race. I did everything - carefully planned invasions, good economic management, and even abandoning an entire province to buy time for rituals - and lost. The age-old isue of Total War being too easy no matter what you do is a thing of the past now. This game is the fun, think-100-turns-ahead strategy game you want.Neutrals:1) When playing as the lizardmen, there's this insanely cheap cudgel infantry unit. I found that I barely needed any other units. I mean, other units were better, but the basic cudgel infantry got the job done and it was just so much cheaper and easier to get than literally anything else. I loved my cudgel infantry in the same way a World War One general loved his infantry, but it would have been nice to have used some variety.Cons:1) This is a Total War game, so diplomacy still sucks. I mean, it's way improved, but it could still be better.2) The only available campaign is the Vortex campaign at the moment. You're focused on the Vortex, rather than conquering stuff, so I didn't really do much empire building (I had like 4 or 5 provinces max). They'll be releasing a second campaign on a combined Warhammer 1 & 2 map soon, but it would be nice to have it now. The vortex seems like it should be a sideshow to the Grand Campaign.3) When playing as the Lizardmen, I felt as though there weren't enough buildings. I conquered the souther half of a continent, so some of my provinces really only needed basic military buildings, but it was hard to fill in the slots without complex military buildings.4) I still hate how I have to have a general to have troops. I liked how recruitment worked before Rome II, but I know we're not going back."
76561197971203678,Recommended,594570,35326053,Posted: 30 September,all,mr_mega_drive,"Best Total War since Shogun 2.Much has been made over the last decade about C.A's buyout by Sega and the fall in the quality of their games. No one can  disagree that since the much hyped Rome 2, TW has been in decline. One would imagine this is due to a parent company/Publisher setting targets and timetables that HAVE to be met. Money money money!!!!!!So naturally there was alot of despair amongst Total War fans including myself, who bought the very first Total War Shogun 1 on the week it came out nearly 18 years ago, when out of the blue C.A and Sega annouced they had put History aside and develop a trilogy of Warhammer inspired games. NO!!!!!!!!!I thought this is all about money and not quality. After posting alot of angry comments of social media I shut up and bought Warhammer 1 and now this game.I'm very pleased to say I coudn't have been more wrong about WHTW. The first game was good the second is the best the series has been in nearly a decade. I'm currently playing the Lizardmen who I am enjoying massively, watching a Carnosaur rip through a hoard of Skaven scum is a wonder to behold. I'm totally engrossed in a Total War game with no sense of boardem. I haven't said that in ages.It's clear that C.A and been allowed to take more times over these games and it's also clear that alot of thought and time has gone into its production.War Hammer 2 is a improvement of Warhammer 1 in every respect. The factions are better and more interesting, the battles are better, the campaign has a story (a series first), unlike Attila you don't get bored taking settlement after settlement, there is variation and complexity here. The magic is more powerful and enjoyable to use, there are more buildings more resources, treasure to find and lots more quests to do.My major gripe with WH2 is the Vortex, which everyone seems to adore purely because it's new. WH2 is a very good game but for those old fashioned TW players who like to take their time and build an Empire in their own way its a tad disappointing. Constantly having to keep up with the other races in order to claim a Vortex victory is starting to become a game breaker for me. Too much importance is attached my C.A and most gamers regarding beating the game when actually what's far more important is the journey, the experience the game gives you. Not the destination and the head long rush in getting there. I miss historical TW more than ever as much as I enjoy TWWH.All in all, I haven't had this much fun in a Total War game since Shogun 2 and I can't wait for WH 3 and hope and pray C.A put as much effort into the up and coming historical titles. Time with these games is everything.Best Total War game since Shogun 2.7.5/10 - Great game but I need my history fix......."
76561198013473829,Recommended,594570,35425173,Posted: 2 October,all,PanzerBlitz,Im really enjoying warhammer 2 and i think its a great game deserving of a positive review of which i have only written one other.  I give it a 8/10 and heres why...Pros--Maps add new challenges like choke points or huge forests in the middle.-Graphics and animations are refined.-Loads of cool units.-The campaign map itself is better in my opinion.-Great vortex obj is very cool mechanic for total war.-Climate mechanics for cities is very welcome addition over just not being allowed to capture certain cities depending on race.-UI improvements-Best tutorial of the total war games i have played. ( i picked up on the total war series after empire came out)Cons--I wish it had workshop support day one.-Elves marching make the screen shake like they are marching space marines.-Intervention armies dont do much.( i spent 30k gold on intervention armies against the skaven and each one was destroyed the turn after it spawned)-The chaos spawning right inside your territory. ( it kind of forces you to not go abroad as you need to keep armies by to protect against the chaos and the more you have there the more ground u can defend as the chaos will burn any city in their path and their path is random. You could have all your outlining territories well defended with walls but then chaos spawn right next to a settlement that does not have walls deep inside your empire.Those are just small things that can be delt with. Overall worth the 60 bucks considering they are probably going to overhaul the first map and factions and combine which will be very interesting.
,Recommended,594570,35257545,Posted: 28 September,all,LincViper,First thing is this is aMUST BUY GAME!!!EDIT: Played 5 hours of skaven. Damn this race is awesomePROS:* Battle maps is beautiful than ever! No more stale and empty maps with no aesthetic smired on it.* Rendering is better.* Fauna rendering is smarter. Leaves and trees vanish when looked closely so we game more FPS* Huge battles is better and awesome looking* MAPS MAPS MAPS* Every thing is beautiful. You can even alt tab and see the loading bar finish in your task bar.* EVERY THING IS NEWBIE FRIENDLY!!!* Tutorial makes you smarter!!!To avoid lag. Close applications that take too much CPU power.CONS:* Will play more. I see none for this time
76561198165344031,Recommended,594570,35260589,Posted: 28 September,all,ChargingGoose,"I am writing this review as more of a first impressions, I will update it into a full review probably after about 50 hours of gameplay or so.I didn't mind Total War: Warhammer (1), it introduced some interesting and fun new features, but was let down by short battles, lack of any particularly interesting races (in my opinion), abysmal seiges and overall a campaign that started to get old for me after about 100 hours. Total War: Warhammer II however brings some considerable changes to Warhammer (1)'s formula, changes which, for me make this game a wonderful experience and a significant improvement over its predecessor. The first thing you will notice upon starting the campaign is the beautifully illustrated opening cinematic, that acts as a prologue to the events of the 'Eye of the vortex', introducing the challenges and conflicts specific to you're chosen race's (in my case Teclis' High Elves) campaign. It is such that from an early stage the game is really focusing on a story driven experience, and it is the way the game creates a sense of immersion in Games Workshop's Warhammer world that truly earns the game my praise.The game's soundrack is another noticable improvement, Warhammer (1)'s wasn't bad as such, but this one is magnificent, it really builds upon that feeling that your actually in an epic fantasy adventure. The graphics seem reletively unchanged, I have noticed some issues with textures not displaying properly, but I expect these to be ironed out in short order.The campaign itself seems to be a big improvement on that of Warhammer (1). I am playing on Hard difficulty for my first campaign, and the difficulty seems to be much more challenging than in the first game, which is in this case a very good thing. The campaign is much more complex in Warhammer II, there are many things you need to consider, and if you remain idle or indecisive, the other AI factions will start pulling far ahead in the race to control the vortex. This seems to be a very clever way of making the AI more of a threat in the campaign, rather than just sending in hordes of Chaos to ravage your territory. The way the campaign works really encourages all of the main factions to fight each other, due to the relative scarcity of ritual sites, and the need to sabotage the enemy's progress.So to summarise this brief first impressions, Total War: Warhammer II is a solid thumbs up for me, the campaign is very enjoyable at this stage, and all in all it is a big improvement over its predecessor, despite the fact that the battles and seiges have not been improved."
76561198040604170,Recommended,594570,35260572,Posted: 28 September,all,Eta Prime,"Great game, expands on the first game strengths and adds a lot of new mechanics that make the races feel unique and very fun to play as."
76561197963555405,Recommended,594570,35309425,Posted: 29 September,all,Allan,CA really stepped up with this game. It feels completely different.
76561197993151955,Recommended,594570,35313643,Posted: 29 September,all,[U][A]-SHADOW,"well its been a blast, lost 21hours to this game already. lovin it"
,Recommended,594570,35264431,Posted: 28 September,all,Nox,Really great enjoying the new factions.
76561198017843633,Recommended,594570,35264811,Posted: 28 September,all,Lazybones,THIS ACTION DOES HAVE MY CONSENT.
,Recommended,594570,35271741,Posted: 28 September,all,Holo The Bad Wolf,Finally get to play as the Dark Elves. It's a solid improvement of the systems in tww1 and I'm enjoying it a lot. The graphical improvements and AA improvements mean it doesn't run as well as tww1 but I havent had any issues with that. Other than some animation jitters I haven't encountered any bugs or issues in my Delves run.
,Recommended,594570,35264360,Posted: 28 September,all,Hellsent,Killed thousands of Lizardmen and still no Dragon Warhammer.. wait wrong game
32853885895436112,Recommended,594570,35269794,Posted: 28 September,all,Qmotion,This game is amazing.
76561197971822331,Recommended,594570,35281194,Posted: 28 September,all,amrivett,Another knockout game!  Worth the money!
76561198049865292,Recommended,594570,35284785,Posted: 28 September,all,Gorcossax,"Lets see, I'll spend about hundred bucks on this game probably pretty soon, I'll get about 1500 hours in maybe more, so uh... yeah worth it. Now I just need to decide if I wanna kill things with Hydra's or velociraptor's riding T-rex's, or giant ♥♥♥♥ing rats..."
76561198068892865,Recommended,594570,35318758,Posted: 29 September,all,ChuckMP5,This game runs smooth as a ken doll compared to other title of the series at launch
,Recommended,594570,35306139,Posted: 29 September,all,Drax,Ever since total war 1 I was hoping to have the lizard men be playable.  I played them on the table top years ago and always dreamed of them being in this game. Today i got to live out that fantasy as I had 3 stegadons and a old scar sarurs veteran destory the front line of dark elves. This games UI has been cleaned up and they have made some great improvements to the overall single player campagin. I cant wait to put another 80+ hours in this game.P.S cant wait for the blood DLC to come
,Recommended,594570,35259485,Posted: 28 September,all,RyanWGaming,"Best total war I every played. Better then total war warhammer and the rest because the magic is more logical. Magic does more damage and more killing and more cool. Not many army faction but the fight is like amazing. Animation are so much better. For the lord they dont just hit 5 people at once, they throw 4 and kill 1 with an animation. The dragon are really cool. Map are better, seige look more fun to play in. More wider with 3 walls."
76561198081606493,Recommended,594570,35280157,Posted: 28 September,all,Grommbir,"- After victory over the Skeggi, Mazdamundi the eternal lord swallowed his face in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic bliss. 10/10- Clone armies, which looks more boring but is performance friendly 6/10- Battle physics are better (closer to Rome 1) 9/10- Campaign AI is still not good 4/10- Overall performance improvement but still not the most solid programming 7.5/10- Only 4 factions, but they are fun and unique 8.5/10- Gameplay and handling is decent 7/10- Fantasy language unit chatter minimizes exposure to the obscenity that is the English language. 10/10Total: ~8/10*) I'm a TW vet, missed only 2 titles or so, also my phallus is glorious.**) Ratings take into account whether there is an improvement compared to the previous title"
,Recommended,594570,35284356,Posted: 28 September,all,Zelha,"Loved the first one, And i love this one, not even 24 hours since release and i have close to 20 hours on it, :-:, Just beat the lizard man story as Krok, i enjoyed it, Great game."
,Recommended,594570,35310177,Posted: 29 September,all,mravilious,"Just as expected, a great game.Now I can't review on visuals since I run on lowest settings but the campaign map is a bit too bright.The gameplay is fun and very different to the first, the units have similarities to previous ones but do their own thing and certainly are not just a re-skin.Another good game from Creative Assembly in the total war series and I highly recommend.BTW the reviews saying this is only playable with DLC are way wrong and the game would be nicer with them free but with the amount of work out in and the extra stuff you get in most DLCs, it doesn't downgrade the game."
76561198006619090,Recommended,594570,35260198,Posted: 28 September,all,Mappen,"Yes, yes, me like like this game, yes? Skaven rule, rule."
,Recommended,594570,35263485,Posted: 28 September,all,HelterSkelter937,Game just keeps getting better and better...also one of the best endgames in TW series in my opinion.(But I still call bull on the 5 Full Roster Chaos Armys that spawn rigt beside your Ritual Sites)
76561198040448372,Recommended,594570,35277176,Posted: 28 September,all,Strech,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXQwx1EolD8
76561197975671908,Recommended,594570,35297791,Posted: 29 September,all,Boo,Even better than the first
76561198079500029,Recommended,594570,35306341,Posted: 29 September,all,Zane,There's a hydra. 10/10
76561198048344368,Recommended,594570,35313409,Posted: 29 September,all,Mankar the shite weaver,Is good
,Recommended,594570,35401968,Posted: 1 October,all,TetrisLord,"I Finished the High Elf Campaign in 23 hours and i enjoyed every moment. Artillary and Cavalry charges feel much more satisfying then in the last game, the factions are unique and interesting, the final battle was very fun but a bit easy, and the map is gorgeous.The only negatives i see is the AI constantly sending its units in with no regard for formation allowing itself to be easily enveloped and that i cant play as the Tomb kings (yet) bring on the copious amounts of dlc. In the mean time i think ill try out the Skaven and find out what Elf tastes like."
,Recommended,594570,35273837,Posted: 28 September,all,.:Getafix74:.,"So I'm only four hours in and already I can see and feel the improvements made from the first TW:W. Great game, really enjoyable."
76561198046734786,Recommended,594570,35279220,Posted: 28 September,all,SNOWFLAKE,im about 60ish turns in and jesus christ even on normal this game is more challanging than previous total wars.Its much more diplomatic and you can actually lose. im second in trying to keep the vortex from exploding and when you want to stop others casting the spells you will never get there in time.10/10
,Recommended,594570,35279678,Posted: 28 September,all,Stuffedbrain,"I have said in my review of Total War: Warhammer that it was the most polished Warhammer game, and the most diverse Total War game in terms of gameplay and race diversity. The first game was amazing, and the developers have done a phenomenal job of building upon it with this installment.Sheer volume of new content in Total War: Warhammer 2 makes its first installment look like a demo game in comparison. Campaign map is doubled with lands divided into continents. New races such as Lizardmen and Skavens are introduced. Factions now race to perform rituals and interact with the vortex in their own way. Campaign feels more engaging with more storyline cinematic cutscenes and battles throughout. The environment is more detailed--foliage in particular is incredibly lush--yet they managed to make the game run so much more smoothly."
,Recommended,594570,35282634,Posted: 28 September,all,VOLKϟϟTURM,"For all you skeptics, it's better than the first."
76561198285600334,Recommended,594570,35283001,Posted: 28 September,all,diegogutierrez91,"okay so after playing roughly 7 hours here's my 2 centsgame is awesome, i love the battles! playing as dark elves is really fun though i regret not picking the high elves. i'm on turn 116 and it forces you to get out of your confort zone (a little harder than wh1), for example at first i was expanding because thats what i did in wh1 but on this one after i noticed that everyone was doing the ritual except me i had  to either move fast and start doing rituals or stop my enemies from doing it which its kind of hard since everything is far away. but i got used to it quick. i caught up around turn 100.graphics are okay, im playing on high right now, no issues so far. i know a ton of people were having issues so idk, my video card its a gtx 970 and it runs really smooth with the occasional drop, but it only happens when i venture into the zone where  the fat lizard with the crazy eyes is at.overall i give it a 9.5/10. i would give it a 10/10 once minor bugs get fixed and mostly too because i feel like everything feels a little too crowded, and also im not a fan of the ""improved"" diplomatic mechanic for some reason is really hard to locate different factions.i dont know much about warhammer but this game makes me want to read some of this stuff.overall i highly recommend this game, you def dont want to miss out. cant wait for a few updates and mods! great job CA, you guys truly never let me down."
76561197997510024,Recommended,594570,35286744,Posted: 29 September,all,tokoloshi_,The soundtrack alone should win you over!
,Recommended,594570,35289309,Posted: 29 September,all,BATMAN!,"Absolutly Fantastic Game, multiple improvements have been made from the last installment and well worth a purchase at full price, later the first and second games will join maps, races and factions into one ultra campaign.Can not wait till players are able to get their hands on the game and make some crazy maps, mods and overhauls!This is what I've been waiting for all year!"
76561198040515451,Recommended,594570,35307950,Posted: 29 September,all,Skaylor,"Wow this game, it's just fantastic.First of all, all the factions are unique, look wonderful and fun to play. The new campaign objective is a great improvement from the previous games, in here you have a race between the 4 factions in which you progress with rituals until either one finishes it and does the final objective. in order to push rivals back a bit you can intervene in their rituals which will destroy their attempt and they will be able to try again some time later.Things I really liked that were added to the game:1) overhauled trait system, now traits are not random and the general recieves them based on his actions.2) more campaign events, events are great, they give you quite a bit of lore and you get to choose how to respond to them in order to get different outcomes and rewards.3) PLOT, it was almost nonexistent in the games before, you have in game cutscenes and a story objective surrounding the vortex which repels the chaos. It's very interesting and a joy to progress into.4) Monster vs Monster animations, the animators worked hard for this on their spare time and I believe it's worth a mention. It's amazing to look at and brings some really epic moments.Even though there is a story objective, the game is still a sandbox and you can expand and make allies/enemies however you want. The battles are great and I've never seen something more glorious than a High Elf spear battle line.I've been a long time fan of Total War games, and this is by far one of their greatest improvements. I support this game with every inch of my existance.10/10 good job CA and definitely get it if you are either a Total War fan or a Warhammer fan because this game is just glorious."
76561198064094672,Recommended,594570,35401829,Posted: 1 October,all,Callow,"Shameful Dispray! This game is great. Im a fan of total war games Shogun2 and Rome2. I didnt play warhammer and was clueless to the genre, canon, etc. Sooo glad i decided to try this one out. Great game and campaign system. And of course the battles are epic! Cant wait for some Dwarf or Human DLC? Your like sheesh the games not a week old and this clown wants dwarves and pirate kings.....No rush. Take your time. I know it will be sweet when it drops and drags me back in.So if you are like me and partial to the historical Total war games, me thinks you will love this game as well."
76561198044812761,Recommended,594570,35262472,Posted: 28 September,all,Jinx,I'll never look at a rat in the same way again!
76561198067033537,Recommended,594570,35273787,Posted: 28 September,all,CALL 911 !!,Would be nice to use all factions new and old in custom battles rather than just campaign. AI definately improved
76561198145525122,Recommended,594570,35275734,Posted: 28 September,all,Danny Devito,if you like the original youl love this one
76561198039040694,Recommended,594570,35292131,Posted: 29 September,all,kreia,never thought id ever say it and mean it but damn ca its about f. u. c. k. i. n. g time u made a good game
,Recommended,594570,35294066,Posted: 29 September,all,Taliats,I hate rats.This game lets me stomp on rats with dinosaurs.10/10
76561198272717759,Recommended,594570,35308525,Posted: 29 September,all,Poljanan,A very clear improvement over the first one.
,Recommended,594570,35268994,Posted: 28 September,all,KLaZoMaNiaC,Lizardmen. That is all.
,Recommended,594570,35271213,Posted: 28 September,all,Yiming,Fascinating. Could not possibly complain more.
,Recommended,594570,35416341,Posted: 2 October,all,Pinchinator13,Incredible!
,Recommended,594570,35365485,Posted: 30 September,all,Nevsky,"Not just a rehash of Warhammer I with new races. The Vortex Campaign makes for a much more aggressive and fast-paced campaign than the sandbox style play of the Old World Campaign. With Mortal Empires (combined maps of I and II in a sandbox gameplay style) coming as a Free-LC soon, this will be the best Total War entry yet.Mechanically, it's largely more of the same with lots of improvements in lord and agent skills, talents, etc. Not as much worthless fluff and more meaningful and exciting choices to make for non-LL characters. (I believe they've also applied a lot of this new approach to non-LL characters to WH1, as well.) The races of WH2 are so diverse that it is truly awe-inspiring. They were definitely diverse in 1, as well, but WH2 takes it up a notch in terms of race mechanics, goals, strategies, tactics, etc.Graphically, it's amazing (way moreso than WH1, even), with absolutely gorgeous battle maps and a very lively and vibrant campaign map. The interactions of units as they fight each other are also improved over the animations for fighting units in WH1.Sound is fantasic, very cinematic battle sounds as we're used to. Music is also superb.Only downside is sieges still tend to be a weakpoint for the game. Additionally, some of the Vortex Campaign's mechanics (as spolier free as possible) regarding intervention armies are incredibly forced and don't even make sense. They should have been made more akin to the Chaos invasions of WH1. They are that way at first, but become comically contrived toward the end of the campaign.Overall, an easy 9/10 for Total War and/or Warhammer fans. When Mortal Empires drops, I can see a TW or WH fanatic dropping hundreds of hours into this game."
76561197973250888,Recommended,594570,35416690,Posted: 2 October,all,Bisgaard,"Loved the first one, loving this one. New races, new map, new storytelling = good stuff."
76561198005594656,Recommended,594570,35460276,Posted: 3 October,all,digitalsvault,"Fought defensive seige battle outnumbered 4 to 1, routed the entire enemy army and lost the battle to a single captain sitting in the control ring that i could not get to fast enough to stop the counter.10/10 would get boned by the AI cheats again.."
76561198005695484,Recommended,594570,35429208,Posted: 2 October,all,The-Honourable-MrTwinkleFingers,Well this is my first review and I can so far say it is a huge improvement on the first game.Everything feels smoother and less clunky.I have had some pathing issues with units namely ranged ones for skaven but they are not consistent.That has been my biggest negative so far as in a tight fight the last thing you need is units wandering to the edge of the map when asked to fire at another unit.Music is fantastic and I feel an improvement on the first game.Map looks and feels better.Settlements now capitals are larger which is fantastic!I held back on playing the first game as I really want to play all races on a grand campaign map and allow it to be fresh for me ( as in not sink 1000 hours  beforehand etc ).But like I said the campaign is a alot more interesting then the first and has cool cinematic cutscenes to tell a story.Really looking forward to CA continuing on their merry journey in the Warhammer World.Keep fighting the good fight CA ! Well done :D
,Recommended,594570,35459530,Posted: 3 October,all,Echonian,"Where to start...As of this time, I have played around 26 hours of Total War: Warhammer II. In 26 hours I have played all factions within the game at least a decent amount, and have gotten familiar enough with the game mechanics to feel confident in writing this review.For those of you who are new to the Total War series of games, Total War: Warhammer II is a game based around two things. The first thing it is based around is a turn-based strategy element, where you build armies, conquer cities, maintain an economy, and fight wars with other factions on a world map. The second thing it is based around are real-time battles, and it is in these battles where the love that many people have for the game truly begins to shine.You control large numbers of units in formations, and use these units in order to fight your enemies. You have infantry of all sorts to choose from, from spearmen to swordsmen to monstrous beasts which rampage among the enemy lines. You have archers, slingers, javelin-wielding maniacs, and more to wear your enemy down from afar. You have giant solar-beam cannons strapped to the back of dinosaurs, warp-lightning cannons, catapults, ballista, and other things which you can use to wear down your foes from extreme distances. You have cavalry, monsters, flying beasts, as well as lords and heroes who can level up through experience and influence battles through direct combat might or through powerful magic and special abilities.In Total War: Warhammer II, there are four main races to play as as of this writing. Other factions exist in the game (ported from the first game) as minor factions which you can wage war with, but they are not playable as of right now.You can play as either the sadistic dark elves, the haughty high elves, the fanatical lizardmen, or the scheming skaven (ratmen, essentially).Each has its own unique roster of units and specific racial mechanics (which is reflected in gameplay both in the campaign map and in battles). Each faction also has two unique starting positions on the campaign map, which correspond to a unique faction leader (for a total of 8 starting positions). Depending on which faction you begin as, and the faction leader which you choose, your playstyle will be encouraged to be one way or the other in the campaign by the unique skills and bonuses your lord provides, as well as their geographical starting location.Throughout the campaign, you fight battles with the other main factions in a battle to achieve the campaign objectives. In Warhammer II, you are expected to win through the Vortex campaign, which sees your faction gaining control over the great vortex - its purpose to siphon away the winds of magic that draw the forces of chaos to the world.This requires you to perform rituals after obtaining enough of a certain in-game currency produced in certain cities on the map, or by doing quests you may occasionally be assigned. While a ritual is being performed, the main enemy factions may send intervention armies to attempt to stop you by razing the small handful of cities in which the ritual is being done. Armies of chaos will appear on the map to stop you as well, destroying everything in their path on the way to their objectives.Here is where the troubles begin.The game does not provide you with the economic means to maintain many armies in comparison to the territory that you can hold, so performing a ritual requires you to basically spend the 10 turns of the ritual camped and holding on for dear life in your important cities. You can spend money (as well as the AI) to send intervention armies towards enemy rituals, their quality dependant on the money you spend, but these armies are controlled by the game AI rather than by yourself, and appear in the middle of the enemy territory.Given the extreme size of the map, all four main factions may never end up fighting eachother during a typical game until near the very end, as well. Two of the major land-masses are inaccessible to the other two (which are connected) without traveling by sea, yet if you are caught on the sea by an enemy army, you can only rely on the game's often imbalanced auto-resolve to hope that your army is not immediately destroyed.The Vortex campaign is highly flawed for many reasons, primarily being the fact that the map is too large, the seas too vast, and the rituals too short for you to meaningfully fight against them without using the previously mentioned intervention AI armies. Additionally, you can win the campaign without even performing the rituals necessary by simply winning against the AI in a laughably easy final battle, knocking whoever performed that final ritual out of the race for good.All of these concerns pale in comparison however to just how fun the core gameplay is.Fighting battles as any of the four factions in the game is a blast, and not long from now, those who own the first game will gain access to a combined campaign map (including the land masses and factions from both games), which will not include the broken Vortex campaign mechanics. The sheer fun of the game, and the knowledge that many problems I have can be fixed through mods and upcoming developer work, make me able to recommend this game quite readily.However, know what you are getting yourself into. Watch some gameplay videos if you are unsure that you will enjoy the core gameplay; Youtube is filled with them. For all of my concerns about the Vortex campaign and general game pacing, these are minor concerns compared to just how fun it is to see your giant dinosaurs rampaging amount enemy soldiers, or seeing your Skaven hordes surround and massacre the enemy while magic flies across the battlefield, as all the while heroes and lords battle it out in the crossfire.If you enjoy real time strategy games, this is probably the most fun that Total War has ever been. If you enjoy turn based strategy games, it can be fun, but the turn-based aspect of the game is not the main appeal of the game. As of right now as well, the workshop is not available for this game - so until it is, many mods that could improve the gameplay experience and allow you to tailor it are not ready.I won't lie to you and promise you that this is the best game ever made, or that it is devoid of flaws, but there simply is no other game out there quite like Total War: Warhammer (I or II). It can definitely be worth the money, and then some, if the core gameplay is to your liking. I've enjoyed my time in Warhammer I and Warhammer II more than I have in any other Total War game to date, and for all of the problems the games may have, they are definitely worth giving a shot!"
,Recommended,594570,35461753,Posted: 3 October,all,Morizeyao,♥♥♥♥ing awesome game.
76561198043056252,Recommended,594570,35353893,Posted: 30 September,all,Popboffin,"Same great gameplay with a new central objective, vibrant color scheme, and a multitude of new game mechanics. A+"
,Recommended,594570,35436163,Posted: 2 October,all,zethkieten,"The UI for this game is a touch beneath it's predecessor right now, though i expect they'll probably update it in time. The faction selection page feels like a throwback to early Total War games like Napoleon, while the first game seemed more unique, and designed to bring out the Warhammer atmosphere that people have been craving the return of since Mark of Chaos.The gameplay is like the previous game, though i feel that the intro missions are a little too tedious and stifling for people who have played Total War before. It really reminded me of having a little blue light following me around saying ""LOOK! LISTEN! WATCH OUT!"" and so on.But the real beauty behind this game is the story. The beauty with which the different races and factions are portrayed. I can't wait to dive further into the maelstrom of war and immerse myself in this game until I forget to eat and sleep!"
76561198117824034,Recommended,594570,35353680,Posted: 30 September,all,HungryWalrus,"This game adresses pretty much every critisism from the first game and then some, leading to CA's (IMO) best game since Shogun 2.If you like TW, this is a must play.A tight and challenging campaign, coupled with diverse races and improved graphics all come together to make a gorgeous and immensely enjoyable game."
76561198039389057,Recommended,594570,35358050,Posted: 30 September,all,TgK Rogue,This Game has been in my Library for 47 hoursI've played it for 23Buy this game
,Recommended,594570,35458902,Posted: 3 October,all,Praise the Great Horned Rat,"Great multiplayer, Solid single player campaign, worth a purchase.Has some drawbacks like theres some bugs in multiplayer. the single player campaign's difficulty is fairly artificial because in the end, the AI doesn't know how to engage. But very good entry in the series."
,Recommended,594570,35503552,Posted: 5 October,all,Hank,"Take Total War: Warhammer, slap in some new awesome factions and add a couple of new features on top of it and you've got Warhammer II. Is it more of the same? Absolutely. Is it a bad thing? Absolutely not. It's still an insane amount of fun and with their planned addition of a combined map (combining both the Old World and the New) it's going to get even better.The story is much more narrative-driven this time and you aren't just tasked with sitting around waiting until Chaos show up, beat the hell out of them, then continue on with your endless conquest. There's actually a point to everything and you can't just ally up with other factions to beat Chaos; sometimes Chaos spawns and has only one thing in its sights: You.Some of the things that are annoying from the first game carry over to this one: Lackluster siege battles, no ship battles, lack of any kind of internal politics. So far though I have encountered no bugs,  which is nice. Many of the resources from the first game are reused in this one, in particular the Dwarven, Human, and Chaos/Norsca factions. Luckily the High Elves, Dark Elves, Lizardmen and Skaven all feel very different and unique in their own way.Is it worth the full price in its current state? Honestly, I would wait for a sale unless you're a die-hard Total War or Warhammer fan. There's a lot of lore to learn in the game and unless you're prepared to dedicate a lot of time into I'd wait until the price drops OR you can get it on sale. Ultimately, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,594570,35417686,Posted: 2 October,all,Yoda,"Great game so far, adds some nice features and interesting units. I am very excited to see how WH2 is able to integrate with WH1; will update when this occurs. Highly recommend so far. Campaign will definitely fill out as content is added, custom battles feel good and no units are obviously OP. Great addition to the series so far."
76561198052491586,Recommended,594570,35495662,Posted: 5 October,all,Forge,Excellent.
76561197982345110,Recommended,594570,35479202,Posted: 4 October,all,Lioncash,A game about ethnic cleansing.
76561198041032969,Recommended,594570,35436188,Posted: 2 October,all,Magyar,The finest of strategy games.
,Recommended,594570,35479071,Posted: 4 October,all,TANMAN147,Pretty good game
,Recommended,594570,35498790,Posted: 5 October,all,Leirith,Nothing more enjoyable than having 4000 archers rain death upon the enemy and watching them♥♥♥♥♥♥their pants and run away while you chase them down with a few dragons.
,Recommended,594570,35433691,Posted: 2 October,all,UncleDadMan,Total war warhammer: You want some warhammer 2?Me: GIMME MY WARHAMMER 2 B I T C H*Takes a lil sip*Me: MMMMMMMMMMM DAT ♥♥♥♥♥ GOOD!
76561197983154023,Recommended,594570,35441652,Posted: 3 October,all,Mentally The Captain Hero Panda,"Its the same.. But better! Hard to say if its worth fullprice (feels more like a super good expansion pack), might be if we get the extreem mega map and some more extra♥♥♥♥♥♥Still the game has a MUCH better UI, Smoother and clean running even on 4K, Looks a bit better, all round very nice and fun to play. Way better then TW:W1 @ releaseIm a happy man <3 Ready to sink another 600+ hours."
,Recommended,594570,35458220,Posted: 3 October,all,[Ops] Ford Larquaad,This Game is amazing. I just completed my Highelves campaign and the final battle is well worth the wait.
76561198261684640,Recommended,594570,35429313,Posted: 2 October,all,MasterofHoeth,"Ok so I never really write steam reviews. But I have to for this. Gonna keep it short and to the open. I’ve been waiting for this game for ages. I played tons of hours on TWH1.  I’ve also played about 20 hours on this one, although mostly whilst connected to internet so don’t think steam has registered these hours yet.Anyway this game is worth the money. Period. IGNORE people saying it’s an expensive expansion etc. it’s not and here’s why:1. Assets, art work, design AMAZING soundtrack pull you into a TOTALLY different world. For this reason alone it’s worth more than 15 quid.2. There’s way more to do in this - I love the vortex story and the treasure hunting3. Did I mention 4 new factions!  Need I say more?The cons:So, I’m not a ‘fanboy’, and I DO think this game could be better. Here’s why:1. Siges are not really fun. I end up autoresolving these a lot.2. The battle AI is not challenging enough. And sometimes feels quite stupid. (Though is you know TW games you’ll know this has always been an issue.3. I don’t think CA will ever do this, but adding Navalbattles could potentially take this game from very good to an all time great  in other words, it’s disappointing that CA / Sega decided to focus on profits over delivering an absolutely landmark product for customers (that’s the way it seems to me at least).Anyway hope this helps. I’m writing this because I really appreciate how hard CA have worked and they deserve a balanced review.Verdict:8.8/10 (not a 9 becaise if siege battles)If you haven’t bought TWH1, I’d give that a 8/10 in comparison to this one."
76561198277200236,Recommended,594570,35475954,Posted: 4 October,all,DopeShot csgotower.com,This game is awesome
76561198024190595,Recommended,594570,35436212,Posted: 2 October,all,jowajose,Very very good game!
,Recommended,594570,35437842,Posted: 3 October,all,Cooner,Sum gud stuf rite hear
76561198147192678,Recommended,594570,35455949,Posted: 3 October,all,[EG]Rhoden,"Improved in every way, AND a FreeLC's coming after which makes the original factions playable.10/10."
76561198037202794,Recommended,594570,35459027,Posted: 3 October,all,McAutist™,"So far, the Total War game I have most enjoyed and I have played them all. Improves upon the first one in every way."
,Recommended,594570,35451698,Posted: 3 October,all,NoRDiC,"Defintely one of the best TW games so far. Graphics are awsome(both battle and campaign). Game features improved.I am one of the die hard fans of TW games and have been playing for a very long time. I had prejudiced opinion about War Hammer franchise when they first announced (since I was expecting a Medieval TW III - and still waiting btw!!) but TW-WH 1 and 2 definetly prooved me wrong.TW games are totally, at last in the right direction(after so many bull*** happened with rtw2).If you are a fan of total war games and have a little bit of wonder about fantasy worlds, dont miss this game.Pros:-Decent AI-Excellent graphics. (loved those campaign map dragons that your lords ride)-Improved features (such as notifications at ""turn end"" section)-Decreased price compared to TW WH 1.Cons:-Total war games still lacks campaign map soundtracks. Really, what happened to this game's musics?? Since Medieval II Kingdoms, looks like this game franchise can not produce any campaign musics. Each faction have only one and that's it. Shame..-Trade map and campaign map is alittle broken(needs a fix)-Even though there are like tons of factions, you only get to play 8. Which means there will be loooooots of DLCs to buy, which will be hell lot of money. ****this system, honestly. And if they ever going to make another Blood DLC, I will be very disappointed.Overall: Worth buying and prooves that Total War franchise is improving. But enough with the war hammer, we want MEDIEVAL 3 !!!!"
,Recommended,594570,35501992,Posted: 5 October,all,Esiq,"Awesome game, can't wait for Mortal Empires,,"
76561198134217793,Recommended,594570,35486940,Posted: 4 October,all,patrickdubyah,"Better than the first, just waiting for Tomb Kings."
76561198077431852,Recommended,594570,35476744,Posted: 4 October,all,kkdalglish,be a total war fan. clock up 50-100 hours in first week of release. leave negative reviewseems legit to me
,Recommended,594570,35496371,Posted: 5 October,all,simo381c,A really great game.first time Total War have a enjoyable endgame.
76561198024845522,Recommended,594570,35464933,Posted: 4 October,all,Inviktys,This game has advertised 4 unique factionsThat is a blatant lieThere are only 2The LizardmenandThe Lizard-food
,Recommended,594570,35388491,Posted: 1 October,all,Arashi,"~High Elves~*Played on very hard on my first play through (probably not the brightest idea)*Make several key mistakes early on*It's turn 200 and the dark elves own 3/4 of the map and i barely own 4 provinces*For 35 turns survive a endless onslaught of vortex spawns and dark elves*Grow to hate the game (Its a good game, i'm just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)*Win through the vortex victory condictions with 3 settlements left*Take enough paracetamol to enter a endless sleep*Start a new campaignI recommend this game"
,Recommended,594570,35256950,Posted: 28 September,all,ENGLAND,"great game ,really fun ,perfect sequal to warhammer 1 ,nice unit details beautiful campaign map and sounds10/10happy i preorded"
76561198319205173,Recommended,594570,35315243,Posted: 29 September,all,Sniper Bob,"After 800hrs on the first, I'm just picking up on the second.Fantastic fun and an improvement on the last; worth every penny.~60fps Ultra - I7-6700k, GTX 1070, 16gb RAM, SSD (not one crash, bug or hicup yet!!)Liking the Vortex Campaign mechanics, and some of the subtle changes and improvements.4 Factions with 8 Playable Lords, each with a unique Start Position at base game - Great !!With DLC expected and the Mortal Empires (aka Mega campaign) out soon which combines with the first game, whats not to love !!Keep it up CA, plenty of DLC now to keep it fresh; my wallets open for everything you produce!!(This is seriously cheap entertainment: TWW1 + all DLC = ~10p / hr).Then when i'm done with all that, a huge and easy to use modding comunity to put a different spin on it all.Bring it on !!"
76561198094938246,Recommended,594570,35258900,Posted: 28 September,all,Smellon,"A gaming dream of mine has finally happened... ever since i played: Warhammer: Shadow of the Horned Rat a pc game I played when i was a kid, I always wanted to have an army of rats at my commend. The dream is now real lifeTip if you played the 1st TWW turn down the advice settings or you be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at it."
76561198022918160,Recommended,594570,35259083,Posted: 28 September,all,CrazyMeee,Amazing!  Loving the new map and the awersome new races. Lizardmen are the best!
,Recommended,594570,35264182,Posted: 28 September,all,Olly,Vast improvement on the core mechanics of the first game with hugely more interesting map and races.
76561198070089149,Recommended,594570,35279126,Posted: 28 September,all,The_Texan_Targaryen,Called into work for the releaseended up putting in 10 hours.... straight....Day well spent supressing the local lizard and rat men10/10
76561198380112187,Recommended,594570,35283441,Posted: 28 September,all,Raulfigueroatamayo,very good and fun game.  VERY nice graphics nad UI.  Literally best total war game ive ever play and was worth the money and time.  Lastly the game never seems to get boring as theres always something happening even at he end of teh campaing due to the race for the vortex and other stuff going on.  Good Job CA! Finally impressed
,Recommended,594570,35394529,Posted: 1 October,all,Brightlight,"I play ratI get crushedI get madI need to git goodI didn't git goodI need a new monitorI give this a ""Punch my monitor / 10""Its gud"
,Recommended,594570,35452803,Posted: 3 October,all,Mr.Meeseeks,The number of skaven my army has been eating should be giving them indigestion. How do you even eat siege weapons?
76561198012154109,Recommended,594570,35426186,Posted: 2 October,all,Frosty Dog,This game is absolutely beautiful and is the most streamline Total War to date. Cheers to Creative Assembly Team!
,Recommended,594570,35441348,Posted: 3 October,all,fennesten,"Best Total War yet, can't wait to see the modding aspect of it come to life. Loved every minute of it so far. ANyway why are you reading this go buy the game for crying out loud. NOW!!!"
76561198064639349,Recommended,594570,35441633,Posted: 3 October,all,Eh Whats Up Doc,Way better then the first one.
76561198339633410,Recommended,594570,35425118,Posted: 2 October,all,samueljstewart4,"If you enoyed Total War Warhammer I, hell, if you enjoyed any Total War game, then you are going to love Total War Warhammer II. The epitomy of turn based, strategy war and empire building. Total War Warhammer is a incrediblly imersive game with fast paced battles and exploration."
76561198028354902,Recommended,594570,35467032,Posted: 4 October,all,Techpriest 17,"Better than TW1 in every way - new factions are really unique and very enjoyable to play, campaign is awesome, great mechanics and fun victory condition10/10"
76561197997623027,Recommended,594570,35441547,Posted: 3 October,all,Angell,"Hi folks,so it's been 5 days and I have 51 hours of gameplay already,it is the best expansion ever,there are a few broken things like they have yet to fix but overall it is an amazing improvement on the first game,the new game mechanics and especialy the climate on the cities makes you able tot take over the whole map if you want now,I am having a blast playing this and the story,voice actors,everything is awesome awesome awesome.It is very much worth it if you are a total war fan,this is the best they've done so far.They have still to add the whole other races to the game in the very grand campaign,this has the potential for thousands of hours of gameplay with extreme enjoyment.Best game in years!"
76561198064777267,Recommended,594570,35436593,Posted: 2 October,all,lucky241608,"Early bugs, but overall a pretty good and fun game. Worth the price... but beware of the DLC that are to come."
76561198008582160,Recommended,594570,35456572,Posted: 3 October,all,TheMetalfreak360,"So, after finishing 1 Lizardmen campaign and trying around with all the other races, I can say that this (for me anyways) is the most fun I have had in a Total War game in quite a while. Everything that was in Warhammer 1 seems to be refined and done better in Warhammer 2. The Vortex is very special to have in a Total War game, you feel you have to sabotage for others, and you feel that time pressure on yourself, which I like, you feel you never sit around and just end the turn. Even though many would say ""What can be so different between the elves"" or whatnot, these races couldn't be more different, I feel that these are more different then the races in Warhammer 1.Not often I am excited for more content (DLC), but I am really looking forward to see more, like Tomb Kings."
76561198067925276,Not Recommended,594570,35477452,Posted: 4 October,all,Alex,I'm really enjoying the game but am annoyed that it crashes around 50% of the time after a battle. It's a real shame as it seems to have so much potential.I've gotten quite sick of playing the same fight 3 times in a row now on my campaign.I know total war has a bad reputation for releasing before it's ready and i feel an idiot for jumping in again for the 'free dlc' for pre - purchasing. But i'd reccomend people dont buy it until it's fixed.
,Recommended,594570,35400337,Posted: 1 October,all,SAS_Fury,By far the best total war to date with shogun 2 in mind. its engaging and fantastic and honestly it just works period.
76561198066262224,Recommended,594570,35260488,Posted: 28 September,all,Roman Doge Sgt.,Just great!
,Recommended,594570,35265149,Posted: 28 September,all,deathnam,Total War just keeps getting better and better! Been a Total War player since Shogun. Love it!
76561198005671757,Recommended,594570,35280349,Posted: 28 September,all,=M.D= Lion,This review is all well and good but there's no big fight at the end
,Recommended,594570,35287756,Posted: 29 September,all,Ruiner,"Another awesome Total War game. It's like TW1, but on steriods and a ton of new stuff."
76561198182753941,Recommended,594570,35258268,Posted: 28 September,all,Katy Perry,"Update: So far into the game with many more hours and experience on all races, I have yet to run into a bug, and if i have it wasnt noticable, the game runs better than WH 1, I am on a 980 Ti though, the dark elves and high elves feel amazing, very solid armies that i think will dominate MP. The lizardmen are fun and do feel unique while having two vastly different starting positions on the campagin map, the only complaint i feel i can give for this game is the skaven, maybe its just me, but the skaven just feel like theyre missing something, on the campaign they need food, which is slightly hard to come by, but as long as you can keep up an expansion at a steady rate, winning battles and raiding will earn you food, so, i guess its fine, but its kind of a chore more than anything to check up on it every so often.The vortex campaign is a nice change of pace, giving you a real sense of urgency, just be prepared though, i lost my first game as the Lizardmen on Legandary by enacting the 4th ritual and getting absolutely wiped by hordes of invading armies, but it was fun trying to hold off this endless wave spawned and greedy neighbors armies, but just a note for the higher difficulty, the game will actively try to murder♥♥♥♥ your face. I do kind of wish there was just a freeform sandbox mode, but with mortal empires im sure all of that will be solved so i dont really have a complaint.I guess i should address that Norsca in WH 1 is a really fun faction to play, and well fleshed out if you do own the first game, the pre order is a nice addition for those of you seeking to recieve that as well.All in all the game is very solid, and improves upon many of the first games issues, (though cant say that without taking a shot at the seige battles and settlement, or lack there of) but if you liked the first game, youll like this one more, if you disliked the first game you probably wont like this one, it keeps most of the same while improving upon it, so dont expect this to just change your mind on the series if you didnt like the others."
,Recommended,594570,35258509,Posted: 28 September,all,4Scores&7WhoresAgo,"As with any Total War game, huge problem with the process that autodetermines victory at the end of a battle without troops being exhausted. I got to watch 50% of my troops just suddenly disappear as the dwarves ""won"" with less than 10% of their forces remaining and in retreat. I understand leadership being a necessary factor, but perhaps when 271 troops are declared the victors as they retreat against 807, you need to take a look at the balance of your game.That being said, I love the game. Buy it. Some stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥happens when battles get sort of ""auto-resolved"" near the end, but its worth putting up with the SELDOM battle you lose for seemingly no reason for the great strategy, amazing units, and unique factions only Warhammer can bring to the table."
,Recommended,594570,35258654,Posted: 28 September,all,Princess Caitlin,"Other reviews will speak to the picture better than I ever could, but I wanted to mention that I love all the little improvements. End turn notifications, two-toned unit placement icons, and a more compact quest and mission window are some of the many little tune-ups I'm loving here. The rest of the game is more Total War, more Warhammer. If those appeal to you, that's all you need to know to purchase this - it's more of the same, great stuff, but better."
,Recommended,594570,35401074,Posted: 1 October,all,WinkyHu,Give me DLC!!!!!!!Take my money!!!!!!!!
76561198003480973,Recommended,594570,35290535,Posted: 29 September,all,SKU,WH1: 8.5/10WH2: 9.2/10WH1+WH2: 10/10WH1+WH2+WH3: 15/10:)
76561198271668880,Not Recommended,594570,35502153,Posted: 5 October,all,djhayes,"Enjoyable game, good lore and units. Great visuals but lacking some fundamental stuff from games like medieval 2 such as unit formations (shieldwall or phalanx for example). Sieges are just terrible and remove variability in play style, you can either rush the walls and get wrecked by the towers or ""cheese"" the game AI. The autoresolve becomes the main viable option for sieges. The fact that these huge fantastical cities defences, take Lothern for example, is a single wall and not a multi tier forttress like the 3 tier citadels in older total war franchises but a single section of wall with some towers is very disappointing,  unimaginative and very lazy.The lack of variety in maps and settlements is also very apparent, with bridge battles being a big loss. Granted the choke points are something similar I can't see why both aren't availableI did enjoy a lot of the new features like the garrisons, replenishment and climates but with the mentioned problems the game is mediocre but has great potential if the settlements and maps are fixed.I would not recommend until issues are fixed as I am generally diasppointed after being very excited by the idea of a warhammer total war crossover."
76561198043831063,Recommended,594570,35270624,Posted: 28 September,all,💯👌LuftWaffle💯👌,"NON BIAS REVIEWBuff Lizardmen, nerf rats to the depth of chaos.Every thumb ups is a rat kill.Praise the Old Gods and make Lustria great again!Edit: Filthy rats need not apply to this testament"
76561198054421174,Recommended,594570,35284608,Posted: 28 September,all,Zeromentor,"***Short review at bottom***So, let's get this out of the way, the game at release did not have the Mortal Empires Campaign, which would (and will) make it so much better. So my review is of the game NOW, and not the game THEN. Is it worth 60$? Does it play well? Is it balanced? And does it have replay value?Let's work backwards: Replay Value?First, we have 4 races with 2 leaders each, the High Elves, Dark Elves, Lizardmen and Skaven. They all play differently, and surprisingly enough the leader choice is more than just a basic change in starting units and hero, but can change your game on a much larger scale, from quests to starting location, many small and some major bits are shaken up and thrown around. You can play as the Lizardmen twice, and have two totally different games (unless you reduce this game to its core, the combat, then its about your army composition and tactics, which are entirely up to you). That's 8 different starts, with 4 very different races, so at the least you have 4 games you can play if you just decide to play the same way every time.Is it balanced?In short? Yeah, like the first game. Yes, in a rock-paper-scissors matchup you'll sometimes see monsters, magic and hell cannons throw a curveball into your plans, busting it like a ping-pong ball in a fuel tank. But overall, it is pretty well balanced for an RTS game on release, with small issues between auto-calculations being a little off (Really? A Skaven 20-stack army can't kill a single village of 4 defenders? Nevermind, I'll fight it out on the battlefield) and some units throwing the calculations off a little, it's more balanced around you fighting RTS-style and less 4X like Civ (move army in, hit button, win, move on).Does it play well?Although my experience is with a 980ti Geforce card, 16gb RAM and 3.4ghz quadcore Intel is limited (just put it together a couple months ago), I can tell you I never dip below 30 FPS. 30 too low you say? Well that's fine, because I don't actually sit and stare at an FPS meter, it doesn't slow or stop, freeze or hang, and I run all settings maxed out, maxed size units and with a 40v40 army I had no problems at all. Does that mean it'll run better or worse on similar machines? I don't know. I'd advise finding others with a similar setup to what you have, but other than that I'd hazard a guess that anything above 8gb RAM and 3,0ghz 4-core processor with a card only a few years old should run fine (like near max).Last but not least, is it worth 60$?No.What? Yeah. No. NOW READ ON. Without Mortal Empires (which means you'll need the first game as well when it's released) it's pretty much a 40$-50$ expansion. Yes, it has 4 races, yes the map is big, and yes lots of things have changed for the better, but to me it is not worth 60$. Do I regret my purchase? Not even a little. And when M.E. is released I'll be more than happy to shove this game down my friends' throats, but until then I'll happily stomp some rats with some dinos, and drop a hydra or two on my foes.TL:DR SECTION-7/10 without Mortal Empires, possibly 9/10 if Mortal Empires delivers on promises. Buy this game, wait for Mortal Empires, NO REGRETS."
,Recommended,594570,35257767,Posted: 28 September,all,Fe[A]rless Knight,Total War: JURASSIC WARHAMMER 2
,Not Recommended,594570,35504347,Posted: 5 October,all,Subspace Dandy,"As much as it pains me, I'd like to criticize this game.They broke the gameplay loop that made the first one decent. Here the map is too big and disconnected, and itstead of fighting other majors you sit on your♥♥♥♥♥waiting for the ritual bar to fill up, then kill four identical stacks it spawns. Wait 20 turns - kill same guys - watch a cutscene - repeat five times. I can't stress this enough: they literally made stuff spawn near your capital as a gameplay crutch (and sold it as a feature). I'm playing as lizardmen and I haven't even *seen* high elves or Clan Mors 150 turns into the game despite being at war with them.Otherwise, good game, loads of production value, cool dinosaurs, artists did a great job, etc. Probably worth buying and playing. But the campaign is completely broken design-wise - again, and even more so than usual.How a  big, successful, affluent company like CA gets away with such lazy design (for decades!) is beyond me. Is half-decent strategic gameplay and AI that is not completely inept too much to ask? Don't they ever *want* to improve something out of, your know, professional interest?"
76561197968668475,Not Recommended,594570,35279569,Posted: 28 September,all,Dathek,"Edit** This rant is about the bad diplomacy and the way your allies will not/cannot attack chaos, once spawned to fight the portal rituals.  You cannot even declare war on OTHER chaos ritual attackers despite them raiding your areas should they spawn when another faction starts a ritual.The diplomacy is still complete garbage.  So is how the AI clearly cheats.  Several attempts, and the pc is usually double as far as i am in the ridiculous portal progress.  As soon as I start it, THREE stacks of powerful chaos appear.  They are ONLY at war with me (Which doesn't make any sense as chaos should want to kill everything).  This was a HUGE issue with Total warhammee 1, when your allies would simply not go to war with chaos. Even if they fought you.  Even if you have helped them out. I literally have war alliances, over 200 positive diplomacy and can not get their support.   Until they make it so chaos immediately is at war with everyone, i am leaving a bad review.  Its ridiculous, makes diplomacy pretty pointless.Note I beat the original game on very hard with nearly every faction.  But I still had to deal with the same crap.  it isn't fun, nor fair.ANY chaos should be automatically at war with pretty much ANY faction.  Fix this.  At least make it so your allies auto declare war on something.  Its aggravating and poor design.TL:DRWhy make allies when they won't do anything to help you, but always back up other AI players.  It's sloppy scripting.Just because a game is programmed that way doesn't mean I have to like it."
76561198009071812,Recommended,594570,35259523,Posted: 28 September,all,|Bץz| τέυϯѻή K,"It's amazing, way better than the first game that's for sure. Not only is it well-optimised, the textures seem somewhat better. Graphics aside, the gameplay is brilliant. There are new mechanics, but they're neither broken nor frustrating. They work just right, and feel comfortable to play with. However, diplomacy sill feels limited and null - so there's that. Otherwise, it's a fantastic addition to the series!Overall: 8.5/10."
,Recommended,594570,35318442,Posted: 29 September,all,SILVESTRO,"Good game can't wait to see what it'll be like 1 year after release with all of the DLC and mods. still great game, one of the few games, I can say is actually worth the 60$ and much more. 10$ for 2 hours of a movie or 60$ for 200+ hours of entertainment, you tell me."
,Recommended,594570,35315545,Posted: 29 September,all,wuztron,"Good lord, this game is amazing. There's nothing I can say that someone hasn't already. Just go buy it. Now."
76561198034061135,Recommended,594570,35318338,Posted: 29 September,all,iCaliban,"If you liked Warhammer 1, this game improves on it in many ways. However, it is not perfect. Factions which should have unique dialogue do not - Malekith and his mother. Tyrion and his brother Teclis.Mods are unfortunately necessary in several areas. In particular the cheats/negative affects higher difficulties impose on the player are poorly balanced. Example: even with all public order buildings built, rebellions are frequent.That said: The new factions are very unique and fun to play as. Malkeith alone is worth the price of this game."
76561198038682621,Recommended,594570,35351588,Posted: 30 September,all,Erebor,"7/10This is a good game, but the DLC-policy is stupid, and the campainstops working after 120 rounds :/"
76561198111817358,Recommended,594570,35329234,Posted: 30 September,all,Cmnd Schmock,Warhammer 1 was awesome. Warhammer 2 is better for all the right reasons.I went to Games Workshop and bought a Skaven Army Starter Kit.
,Recommended,594570,35329267,Posted: 30 September,all,PhaseOne,As expected an awsome game :)
76561197976738098,Recommended,594570,35329263,Posted: 30 September,all,DyHex,"Love it so far, alot of improvements over the first game.The new campaign mechanic is fun. Can't wait for the grand campaign:)"
,Recommended,594570,35331112,Posted: 30 September,all,AH GEEZ,Swag swag bernie sanders
76561198071158212,Recommended,594570,35343963,Posted: 30 September,all,Uhtred Of Bebbanburg,♥♥♥♥ yea
,Recommended,594570,35384407,Posted: 1 October,all,madlarkin8,"satisfied with my purchase so far. The scope of the game is quite large so there are some bugs, all of them minor.off the top of my head, an audio glitch that causes other races voices to occur when clicking on options in the campaign menu occasionally.and disappearing icons on the the interface on the campaign screen.I like where the balance of the game is, but there is alredy appearing to be hard counters to each race, meaning the AI will be easy to exploit and multiplayer will become rock paper scissors of races. hopefully they address balance within the first month.Overall, using the first game as bar, the in game detail of this far surpasses that, and the maps feel much more immersive and interesting, with tons of verticality. The weakness in the campaign structure is still the open expanses of ocean where all combat is autoresolved, and the vortex endgame/chaos armies which feels like a deus ex solution to an amazing build-up and compelling story.Some system to make naval combat more interesting is high on my wish list as well as perhaps a better implementation of intervention armies.I was very pleased with my purchase and look forward to the new world."
76561197963053636,Recommended,594570,35384116,Posted: 1 October,all,mackattack77,"Massive, don't worry about playable races.  With the amount of them in the game I'm sure DLC will come down the line.  Spoiler......You sort of start in the middle island, you don't' realize how big the map is until you zoom out.  TONS of races out there.  If your new to the total war series I would recommend Total War Shogurn first.  Its simple to learn."
76561198030925878,Recommended,594570,35260502,Posted: 28 September,all,donschmiddy,"YES! This is phenomanal! I have wrote a ton (i think at least 10) of negative reviews this year for games that deserve it tenfold. This one doesn't. My praise doesn't come lightly. Everything in this game works perfectly, no crashes, no bugs (as far as i can see). As for the people with negative reviews: I have no clue whatsoever how you justify it. (As for the pampered dlc whiners: ♥♥♥♥ off, this isn't communism, people have make a living.)Do not listen to the negative reviews. This is in no way an expansion. The game has gotten a fundemental overhaul graphicwise, soundwise, unitwise and ability wise. The sheer size of 50 gb discspace should be a dead giveaway.The first selling point, it is warhammer, duh.The second selling point, it is gorgous! The unit designs, the environment it is insanely detailed. Also the music is off the charts. It is every bit as good as the lord of the rings soundtrack.The third selling point: MalekithHe is without a doubt the most tragic character there is and if you read a bit of lore he shows best that circumstances do matter!This game will be my time sink for the forseeable future and i plan to spend atleast 500-1000 hours in this game.My hat is off to Creative Assembly and SEGA for creating a truely worthwhile game!"
76561198027689047,Recommended,594570,35402837,Posted: 1 October,all,Docpain222,Awesome game!
76561198006594399,Recommended,594570,35332368,Posted: 30 September,all,jcdpeterson,"Probably the greatest Total War game ever...wish I could play all day. Too bad pesky things like ""eating"" and ""friends"" keep coming up..."
76561198030927292,Recommended,594570,35384105,Posted: 1 October,all,Jedah,Best TW yet
,Recommended,594570,35341357,Posted: 30 September,all,Venotech,Why can I not get the Norsca DLC? I had pre-ordered it on the 28th of August and it still says I have to pay 10 dollars for it. Anybody else have the same problem? Aside from that I've still had a blast playing this game and would highly reccomend that it be played by anybody who likes strategy games or medieval things at all.
76561198102939708,Recommended,594570,35257964,Posted: 28 September,all,kennithdabear,"Fun as hell. Overall improved in almost any way from the first game and the tutorial is very fleshed out for new players of the series. I've been playing the TW games for years and I gotta say, Total War Warhammer 2 is shaping up to be one of the best in the series. Will update this review as I go on but my first impressions are obviously very good, not to mention this game runs quite well on release. Hopefully workshop mods will be available soon because as of right now only the vanilla game is available. If you like fantasy, war, and controlling empires I highly recommend this game for you."
,Recommended,594570,35348030,Posted: 30 September,all,Siidewinder,Great game overall. The first one was a lot of fun...this one is a step above!
76561198368847241,Recommended,594570,35347823,Posted: 30 September,all,mathnut01,Factions are amazing. The diversity of each faction is great.
76561198027942320,Recommended,594570,35347938,Posted: 30 September,all,Marabouh,"good game, poor optimization, long loadings. But good game :)"
76561198045523318,Recommended,594570,35257066,Posted: 28 September,all,SuperPyroManiac,"Compared to WH1, this is awesome! I can't wait until the shared campaign is released. It runs very smooth using a Strix 1080 and Ryzen 1600x. 70 - 80 FPS at 1080P.One complaint is the campagin crashes at least once an hour. So save often, hopefully this is fixed soon! Compared to other Total War launches, this is pretty smooth, and a lot of fun!There is a lack of factions, although if you own the first game there will be a free-lc that will combine them. Otherwise there is only 4. I am having fun with just them though, I enjoy the high elves. After watching therm being slaughterd in the trailer figured id rescue them.Issue with the AI bunching up letting me spam arrows into them. I have not lost a battle yet on very hard. The sea guard are probably a bit over powerd. I get 4 units of spears, 2 of the great swords and spam the sea guard. I just shoot the enemy until they rout, while the spears hold them back.My rating overall would be 8/10. -1 for the crashing, -1 for dumb AI and not difficult."
,Recommended,594570,35450967,Posted: 3 October,all,karl franz,"so pleased w/ how this game turned out!improves upon each and every aspect of the first game, while throwing in some excellent new additions as well"
,Recommended,594570,35264053,Posted: 28 September,all,Frosty,Amazing. This is the best Total War game to date. CA has really learned the lessons of Rome II. Great launch CA congrats
,Recommended,594570,35271406,Posted: 28 September,all,drew_west,"Improves upon Total War Warhammer 1 - With Some ExceptionsLet me begin by saying this game has lived up to my expectations - but like most total war games it has a few teething issues.The Pros- Lots of UI improvements- Four unique and well implemented starting factions- A Huge map that offers alot of replayability- Lots of potential for DLC and FLC- Visual Improvements particularly on unit models (the unit textures are incredible)- The vortex campaign offers a new and interesting way to play the gameThe Cons- Performance and optimisation issues (even on higher end pc's)- Sieges havent changed a great deal- Diplomacy is still pretty shallow and frustrating at times- THIS was the entry in the franchise were naval combat (or at the very least naval units) could have been implemented. They havnt - presumeably due to restrictions over the IPDespite this, I can highly recommend this over the already stellar TWW1. What are you waiting for, just buy it alreadyUpdateFor those struggling with performance issues, i recommend turning the (updated) SSAO off and texture filtering to Triliniar - the games now running great for me and looks awesome"
76561198065195706,Recommended,594570,35271748,Posted: 28 September,all,Mike Hawk,10/10 It's not Age of Shitmar
76561198053017522,Recommended,594570,35266520,Posted: 28 September,all,hannes.visagie,"I've played almost 400 hours on TW:WH and I suspect another 400 is going to get lost here.The campaign map is bigger and more alive than the old world, with 4 starting factions that really feel and play very different from one another.If you liked the first one, this one is better than that"
76561198056817779,Recommended,594570,35271656,Posted: 28 September,all,Clonix,This is a beautiful game in every way. It's a bit expensive but actually well worth the money in my opinion.I hope the DLC's will be good too. Total War: Warhammer II is much better than the last one.Really recommended if you are a Total War fan!
,Recommended,594570,35271763,Posted: 28 September,all,Nate,"Everything is pretty cool, I just hate to say this but, I want my Blood & Gore DLC."
,Recommended,594570,35266886,Posted: 28 September,all,RookieShot,"Warhammer II is a great improvement over Warhammer one.The game surprised me with a really clear and good ""training series"" right in the beginning to to help familiarise myself and break me into the game at a pace where it didn't feel too rushed or slow.I feel like the advisor system is much better this time around as when the advisor did pop up it was always relevent and didn't feel like he was bogging me down with useless information.I'm not well informed onto the Warhammer world but its really neat seeing new races and a whole new section of the world (New World I think?) where naval activity is more heavily used and the constant threat of enemies showing up from any direction is a nice addition.Finally, I like that the game has a more focused narrative for us to follow as we play the campaign instead of jsut the usual, kill all of XYZ, so it feels really good completing quests and racing against the other 3 factions in the game as we battle for dominance.I give the game a solid 9/101 point off cause of the weird camera angles but I'm sure a mod will come along and fix that ^_^It's a great time and I'm looking forward to more time in game ^_^"
76561198039853786,Recommended,594570,35279158,Posted: 28 September,all,👊HappyTbag👊,Nothing beats dinosaurs riding dinosaurs that eat zombies.
76561198041807627,Recommended,594570,35282844,Posted: 28 September,all,SuperAmadeus,The best one to date.
76561198008766139,Recommended,594570,35260707,Posted: 28 September,all,Templar,"So far so good, no bugs, runs well. Battles maps seems more interesting, few welcome upgrades to the UI, beautiful graphics.Awesome, 9/10.10/10 would have been with DLC blood and gore already IN THE GAME FOR FREE DAMNIT"
76561197981561221,Recommended,594570,35261353,Posted: 28 September,all,Golden Lords,"Looks better.  Runs better.  Sex elves, ratmen, dinos riding other dinos.Also the UI is much improved over the first one."
,Recommended,594570,35264222,Posted: 28 September,all,Dante_Inferno,"Awesome game, awesome work. Pretty solid improvement made by CA. Definitely would have a try."
,Recommended,594570,35267072,Posted: 28 September,all,The13roken,Very nice!
,Recommended,594570,35270245,Posted: 28 September,all,Michael Tenner,I have not enjoyed a game as much as this for a long long time! Especially a Total War game. I have not stopped playing since launch 12 hours ago. It's amazing.
,Recommended,594570,35298745,Posted: 29 September,all,Sic,this game is amazing cant wait for mortal empires and the DLC Free FLC then eventually warhammer 3 they just keep building onto this incredible world!
,Recommended,594570,35309917,Posted: 29 September,all,Spamlings,A great next step from the first game!  Can't wait for more content!
76561198009479513,Recommended,594570,35323843,Posted: 29 September,all,Oubley,"I would recommend this game if you like fantasy settings or if you happend to play the first warhammer and enjoyed it you probably will enjoy this one as well. Unit formations are still limited to melee front or missile front and you have your group buttons. Units seem to not give chase even with  guard not enabled which I personnally enjoy because i don't have to worry as much about my lines being completely jigsawed within a couple of seconds. I had a massive two dark elf army line supported with missile troops against a full stack and garrison chaos army and it was satisfying to see the loooong line stay pretty steady even as some of their units fled and then reformed and attacked again. As I slowly envloped and pushed back some of their units it felt more natural then some of the past games that seemed to quickly turn into little league soccer bunch ball. Sieges are a slighlty different manner though, the towers hit you from anywhere on the field  so there's this mad dash to clear the walls; which in a way I like because it adds a sense of urgency, but a part of me is still getting used to the new way of sieging. The regular battles have have the old school Medieval flare to them in that the maps are more random and you can have bridges or land bridges that you have to manuever. Units seem to start a lot closer to the point that your initial setup is very important because the sides are just a hop away from being in bowshot range let alone catupault range. The game has a story aspect to hit that I'm finding is very interesting and so far  fairly well integrated. Unlike other total war games you are not only in a ""power""/land mass race but a race to control what they call a vortex. I'm finding it adds another strategic layer that is intriguing. I thought I started off fairly well but I had one very long siege attack where I tried to take a choke point by siege attrition and in hindsite probably should have razed a second support army and disbanded it because now I'm third out of 4th in the vortex race. The diplomacy seems to be pretty solid, I don't know about the other races, but my dark elf campaign was kind of like playing the Empire in the first Warhammer. I started off as one of like 10 plus dark elf nations, there was some skaven and chaos in the area and we basically are in a civil war fighting over land and choosing sides. 70 turns in there are three dark elf nations (one which is me) with 10 plus cities and still some smaller citiess/nations  lingering about. Haven't even hit/made contact with the main High Elf/Lizardmen/Main Skaven nations yet. Throughout the game you get quests to earn ""scrolls"" for the vortex yes at a certain point/scroll level you get to perform a ritual. The ritual triggers three cities that have to be protected; and if you don't have an army in the area to attack the opponents ritual, you are able to purchase a mercenary army at three cost/ size levels. I'm not sure exactly what those army levels look like yet in composition because I haven't tried one yet; purchsing an intervention army will declare war against the nation performing the ritual if you are not already at war.  The installlation was a little rough but since then I haven't encountered to many frustrations. In the first warahammer you were able to uncheck a tax region button to increase happiness at the cost of not getting coin from taxes, but this game while you are getting hit for the high taxes, there doesn't appear to be a way to lower or not have the province be taxedOr in other words you are stuck with the happiness hit for taxes. (edit: I'm playing as dark elves, this appears to be as designed). Edit: there are ways to increase happiness by sacrificing slaves integrated into the game, it appears form other discussion posts, that taxes are handled differently by other races."
76561198178665407,Recommended,594570,35258394,Posted: 28 September,all,Dmcallee,"Far better than Total War: Warhammer 1 at launch. Warhammer 2 is smooth, extremely quick load screens, beautiful maps, reactive AI and optimised amazingly. Ryzen 1800x, an Asus Strix 1070, 16 GB's of ram. 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants over hydra again."
76561198132702154,Recommended,594570,35258633,Posted: 28 September,all,steven.wood16,played a small amount so far excellent game tutorial was a bit slow but that tutorials for you runs so smoothly no problems what so ever so much detailing and rendering much better than the 1st cant wait to carry on you just cant beat a high elf
76561198137326848,Recommended,594570,35259182,Posted: 28 September,all,Preparetodie329,"Fast running, beautiful and, most importantly fun."
,Recommended,594570,35459080,Posted: 3 October,all,DeViLinCaRn8,"Absolute gem of a game. CA did a great job with story/quest lines, graphics are outstanding, even the voice overs and music are good.If you dig strategy games, this is a must have. Like games involving war? Great pick. Enjoy story lines similar to Lord of the Rings/Hobbit, this should be right up your alley.The ONLY bad thing I can say about this game, is that for $60, I would hope to have a bit more content. Like the last Warhammer, I'm sure there will be some great DLC's, which will cost even more $. But every dev is doing that now so it shouldn't be surprising. Me, the game is so much fun, it's worth  it.PS my girl loves that I can pause the game at a moments notice (single player of course). And I can't find a single player gamestyle more fun than this."
76561198045479698,Recommended,594570,35353587,Posted: 30 September,all,OMG,Well... I played till 5 AM after the game was just released.I guess you guys can judge without further explainationGood job developers !Cheers !
76561197970429959,Recommended,594570,35460367,Posted: 3 October,all,kwarren01,Love it!
76561198065307485,Recommended,594570,35366484,Posted: 30 September,all,Jeff,"Great game, 8/10PROS-decent optimization-grat music-very atmospheric-epick battles-great campaning ( one more turn and i'll go to sleep )-depth to the hero/general-not bad multi-warhammer universe ... well duhCONS-price !, oy vey why so many shekels goyim ?-a bit to simple economy-there should be a bit more content for 60 eur-upcoming overpriced dlc"
,Recommended,594570,35425821,Posted: 2 October,all,Wolfyy,Amazing game i do reccomend if you spare a bit of money
,Recommended,594570,35430438,Posted: 2 October,all,DawnOfADream,Nothing more satisfying than conducting genocide against the Skaven. 10/10
,Recommended,594570,35463783,Posted: 3 October,all,ThailRavenfell,"Amazing game, better than the first. I am loving it."
,Recommended,594570,35471060,Posted: 4 October,all,Baron Von Quarry,"Did you like the last game? Well this is all that you loved from it, polished and smoothed, with an actual end game campaign objective to strive for. Nothing but an improvement over the first Total War: Warhammer."
76561198049575899,Recommended,594570,35431783,Posted: 2 October,all,Bassy,Amazing game !
76561198083556526,Recommended,594570,35431859,Posted: 2 October,all,Le3ionPh8eniX,Like it alot! Runs very smooth and without lag.
,Recommended,594570,35461043,Posted: 3 October,all,Paradox,♥♥♥♥ing Amazing....
76561198311694291,Recommended,594570,35463266,Posted: 3 October,all,williamhschulteman23,"Game for me is worth every pennyYes there are some issuses with balancing at the moment, but it is still a couple days after launch, so keep that in mindBut overall, definatly worth your money"
,Recommended,594570,35488935,Posted: 5 October,all,Korrekt,No bugs!!!
76561198032804290,Recommended,594570,35503299,Posted: 5 October,all,ode0000,"Awesome game. Its that simple.Ca took massive leaps in game, campaign and unit-development in this one, almost like they had actually (for once) listened to what fans actually constructively think about the game.Well done CA, well done."
76561198013748111,Recommended,594570,35376242,Posted: 1 October,all,Ἀχιλλεύς,Great game but feels more like an large expansion.
76561198023117116,Recommended,594570,35432045,Posted: 2 October,all,tkmon22,"Excellent Game!! Very happy with it so far!  Can't wait until the ""Mortal Empires DLC""!"
,Recommended,594570,35458056,Posted: 3 October,all,Casual Dinosaur,fun to play and a step up from the first game
76561197993942672,Recommended,594570,35463091,Posted: 3 October,all,Ryken,Great sequel to TWW1.  Only on my second race/campaign playthrough so far.  I can't wait for other factions to get introduced.
,Recommended,594570,35473275,Posted: 4 October,all,Martin,"Preordered the game like a total moron, sank my money into the hopes and dreams after game one was amazing.Did NOT regret purchasing, the 4 races have great rosters with awesome unique Lords (Malekith <3), heroes, casters and units. On the campaign man, the UI has been upgraded, thus improving quality of life and many mechanics have been added. The cinematics really add some life to the campaign map!"
76561198077386597,Recommended,594570,35375830,Posted: 1 October,all,TheisTheisTheisTheis,"Awesome, just awesome! 10/10"
76561198135418310,Recommended,594570,35418861,Posted: 2 October,all,J-son,"Great game, playable even on my potatoe laptop. Need more campaign mode and factions but there are factions such as Bretonnia, Vampires, Wood Elves (named Oreon's Camp or something like that) already  in the  vortex campaign, so it's just a matter of time before they are playable through DLCs. The new world map feels larger and with several continents which enables oversea invasions. The factions have a variety of units with very interesting leaders. Gameplay is remains largely the same. If you're familiar with total war games and WH1, I suggest you skip the tutorials, they're just really annoying, dragging you across the map just to show a newly discovered neutral factions can be a  pain after a few time. As for bugs and crashes, I have not encountered any of them. Overall, it's a great game with new and interesting factions, mechanics, units and characters, for fans of warhammer and total war games, this is a must have games."
76561198044229569,Recommended,594570,35428988,Posted: 2 October,all,Das Falcon Boot,MY AXE THIRSTS FOR WAR!!!!!!!!!
76561198207431365,Recommended,594570,35460547,Posted: 3 October,all,jpattersonml1,Insanely addicting
76561198311960578,Recommended,594570,35498186,Posted: 5 October,all,ForbiddenBG,Best fantasy universe ever. It is a real pleasure to play Total war warhammer series. Good job Creative Assembly ! :)
,Recommended,594570,35393668,Posted: 1 October,all,Anh Nhan,top
76561197967402184,Recommended,594570,35394656,Posted: 1 October,all,probably_high,Improvements and changes! New stuff! Cant wait for the combined map...
76561198153926365,Recommended,594570,35417855,Posted: 2 October,all,ciaran.masters,"Genuinely happy and relatively surprised with this game. Not because I wasnt expecting a decent game but I was expecting basically a retexture of TWWH1 and because most sequels in the TW series struggle to live up to the hype. This is not the case and the game feels new, is extremely fun to play with the campaign stretching on for ages but never getting boring due to the difficulty of balancing money vs protection from enemies and the whole thing just being better than the first. So all in all I would say congrats to the developers who have made one of my new favourite games in the space of 18 months. If you want a fun game that will keep you engaged for ages this is one you should definitely try."
76561198053109751,Recommended,594570,35439990,Posted: 3 October,all,Va,"Needs some bug fixes and balances, but overly really impressed with difficulty of the game. Worth the money."
,Recommended,594570,35434503,Posted: 2 October,all,Runes eh?,You get to fight Dragons against Trex 11/10
,Recommended,594570,35482744,Posted: 4 October,all,dusT,Good game. 10/10. Addictive AF.
76561198125841045,Recommended,594570,35498305,Posted: 5 October,all,Rangee-哲,"Best total war game since shogun,  definetely worth getting it. The games only been out for a week but I've already put almost 100 hrs in it. Both campaign and battle had significant improvement over its already decent warhammer predecessor, looking forward for mortal empires!"
76561198010695423,Recommended,594570,35452295,Posted: 3 October,all,DanishDynamite,"It fells like a whole new game instead of just warhammer version 2. If you love total war, you will love this game. Plus charging into battles with dinosaurs is totally awesome!"
,Recommended,594570,35310689,Posted: 29 September,all,Mephisto,9/11
76561198056975984,Recommended,594570,35493406,Posted: 5 October,all,Replayviking,- Great graphics- Refreshing mechanics- An awesome implementation of loss and a real sense of pressureA more than worthy follow up of the first game 9/10
,Recommended,594570,35271937,Posted: 28 September,all,✪ BrightWolf,"CA learned from the first one, and they did a great job."
,Recommended,594570,35271701,Posted: 28 September,all,Carolus Rex,I'm glad CA decided to make fantasy games.
,Recommended,594570,35271759,Posted: 28 September,all,ֆᎮ⊰◜◟⋎◞◝⊱ֆᎮ,It's good. It's really damn good.
,Recommended,594570,35291615,Posted: 29 September,all,TOOTHBRUSHDUCK,It has dinosaurs.And Dragons.And Man sized Rats.And psycopathic sadistic masochists.what more could you want?
,Recommended,594570,35266853,Posted: 28 September,all,Old Gregg,Im Old Gregg Motherlicker
76561198063938628,Recommended,594570,35291287,Posted: 29 September,all,Chef Excellence,I put in 8 hours straight the day the game came out. I can't speak as a hardcore Total War veteran but  I've played a reasonable amount of Shogun 2 and the original Warhammer. This game is more of the same when it comes to Warhammer with some decent improvements like the new vortex campaign. The four new factions feel unique and offer varied play styles in their campaigns.With the Mortal Empires campaign coming later down the line there isn't any reason not to pick this up if you own and enjoyed the original.
,Recommended,594570,35265005,Posted: 28 September,all,Sammvt,This game Kicks♥♥♥♥♥!! Now i can summon Rats.
76561197986629379,Recommended,594570,35272320,Posted: 28 September,all,Vali,"Its well worth it. A worthy follower to Warhammer Total War 1.Great graphics, nice gameplay, staying true to the Total War legacyThey have really improved on the ""roleplay"" mechanics from WTW14 different races, 4 totally different mechanics, well done.It will become a DLC hell, but that is how it is.I am looking much forward to when they combine the WTW1 and WTW2 maps together in one map, should be grand."
76561198050223508,Recommended,594570,35286304,Posted: 29 September,all,Throndhindel,Neat-o!
,Recommended,594570,35288888,Posted: 29 September,all,Gene,Runs great!
76561198097662850,Recommended,594570,35262964,Posted: 28 September,all,Kern,"The game is a lot of fun to play. I love that the Total War franchise is going towards a more RPG like experience with their games. Despite being a Total War fan since the first Rome came out, I decided to play with the introduction enabled and while it can be annoying at times for an experienced player, I think it enhances the beginning of the game, if you enjoy the RPG vibe. I'm looking forward to exploring all the new game mechanics, but even after playing the game for only 2.5 hours I can recommend it.The only let down is the small amount of factions compared to the first Warhammer, but I'd argue that each of them is made in an even better way, as the types of units and effects that differentiate the factions make the campaign and commanding them in battles an even more unique experience than in the first Warhammer Total War."
,Recommended,594570,35306748,Posted: 29 September,all,SandboxEscaper,"Its really good. I didn't want to buy it at first ... as alot of total war sequels don't really innovate ... but it seems that after the success of the first one, which was still a relatively careful approach to the whole fantasy theme, in this one they just went full on high fantasy, a risky colorful art direction and interesting story ... its really cool. I hope the success of this title will be an incentive for future titles (and other companies) to be bolder in their design and not just stick with what we already saw a decade ago."
76561198055429277,Recommended,594570,35307869,Posted: 29 September,all,xG. McFlame,"I've never done a review on a steam game yet, but this is a huge expansion on TWWI and i gotta say that i love it. i can't wait for more factions and whatever else CA will be giving us. Hope to be able to play as the vampire coast or Nagash!"
76561198035157021,Recommended,594570,35309332,Posted: 29 September,all,kyle,only alpha males with high intensive gameplay and unorthodox tactics will find this game enjoyable
,Recommended,594570,35257421,Posted: 28 September,all,Sunder,Total War + Warhammer = Epic monster battles with magic
76561198012537629,Recommended,594570,35258016,Posted: 28 September,all,The Ayatollah of Rock n' Rollah,Awesome; I'm going to be playing thehelloutta this game.
,Recommended,594570,35258314,Posted: 28 September,all,Alien Boogaloo,"Nice-nice, yes-yes."
,Recommended,594570,35262027,Posted: 28 September,all,AcidicAcid,nice game
,Recommended,594570,35262179,Posted: 28 September,all,myxolov,must buy
,Recommended,594570,35262806,Posted: 28 September,all,Darcy,"A lot of improvements, read a proper review for details on those.Completed High Elves Very Hard Campaign, Really chaotic, actually difficult. Story and quest battles are a massive improvement over WH1 and the loot system is much more obvious and impactful.Performance on the campaign map could be A LOT better. Battle map performance is roughly the same as WH1 with significantly better visuals. Campaign performance is so much worse particularly when you are close to the Vortex. Spent most of my campaign at 30-40 fps and battlemap at 60fps.WH1 gave me 60-70 Campaign FPS with same settings.i7 6700K, GTX 980 Ti, 16GB 3000MHz, (1440p FXAA High-Ultra)."
76561198130937827,Recommended,594570,35263349,Posted: 28 September,all,Plaguewalker,"I love warhammer, big fan of the table top. These games have been an awesome fix ever since GW switched to age of sigmar for warhammer.Cons:Devs are greedy, so whatever your expecting to get, you'll get none of it lol but hey where else are you gonna play epic warhammer fantasy battles? and so the wheel keeps spinning...Game is expansion pack being treated as a seperate game as to not muddy the income pools between the 2 games. Never got my pre-order DLC. You end up buying more promisies than actual game...Pros:You will love game if you are a big GW nerd. Even with the cons I still recommend this game to anyone who loves warhammer, but that's about it. If youre a hardcore TW buff, I'm sure you'll find something to nitpick about the game. These days AAA make well polished games, they just cut back on content and price tag the other half they probably already have done and are just making some PR adjustments and release timing.But the game itself works well and plays well. Had a lot of fun with the game. Just these big name devs always leave something else to be desired..."
76561198009865035,Recommended,594570,35270113,Posted: 28 September,all,tinywars,I've only played four hours but so far so good. We have had a small change to the graphics which for me wastotally not needed. They should stay the same right the way through the trilogy because all three will be played on one big map at some point. Other then that I'm really enjying it.
76561198133845992,Recommended,594570,35271489,Posted: 28 September,all,Blitzwing,"Great game, the 4 factions are really nice and unique."
76561198216800540,Recommended,594570,35274692,Posted: 28 September,all,HeyMrBear,"Already hooked. On the High Elves, believe it or not (somehow)."
,Recommended,594570,35274844,Posted: 28 September,all,me big brain,So much better than TW WH 1
76561198007376863,Recommended,594570,35276066,Posted: 28 September,all,Opulence,"Solid expansion on TW Warhammer 1. The battle mechanics are much the same. The reason I bought this was for the campaign. Currently playing high elves. I find the new influence currency is a good addition to the campaign mechanic.If there was a critism that CA could easierly fix, it would be the shading of the different factions (when pressing tab). Everyone near the high elves is either white, pale blue or grey. It's very difficult to differentiate between the different factions. Apart from that overlay.Game is solid.You'll easierly get another 30 to 300 + hours gameplay out of this game."
76561198046196063,Recommended,594570,35276085,Posted: 28 September,all,stros006,Such a good game ! I have waited so long to play as my favourite races and now I can !
76561198066564232,Recommended,594570,35280284,Posted: 28 September,all,Kozak,<3
76561198039498360,Recommended,594570,35282488,Posted: 28 September,all,X,"Very fun game, provides a good challenge. Very in depth for sure. My first Total War game and I love it. Strongly recommend."
76561197981061401,Recommended,594570,35282672,Posted: 28 September,all,Blaeys,The game is everything they told it would be and more. I cannot wait for the Mortal Empires maps - but will happily play these 8 factions many times over between now and then.
76561197970674174,Recommended,594570,35282906,Posted: 28 September,all,Lord Commander Dante,"A perfected Total War game with even more Warhammer Fantasy goodness in it!Keep up the good work CA, and keep deploying those factions we love so very much! You've done an amazing job with this title - Thank you!"
,Recommended,594570,35286662,Posted: 29 September,all,Logar,"amazing,"
,Recommended,594570,35307739,Posted: 29 September,all,demyurge,Much better than TW:WH I in every aspect.
,Recommended,594570,35278409,Posted: 28 September,all,Cayden Black,"High Elf: ""that's a nice giant you got there...shame if someone were to hit it with 40 ,000 arrows...""*proceed to turn giant into a pin cushion*Jokes aside, this is an amazing expansion to the previous title. Now all I need are Tomb Kings and it's my year complete."
76561198093705655,Recommended,594570,35278818,Posted: 28 September,all,rolo tomassi,awesome if u liked the first one
76561198024926315,Recommended,594570,35353774,Posted: 30 September,all,computer games,"Civilization 2 had better diplomacy, and it came out in 1982. Get it together CA."
,Recommended,594570,35421395,Posted: 2 October,all,Quack_,I'm just here fo the rats.
76561198079502320,Not Recommended,594570,35427969,Posted: 2 October,all,heronlord,"Pretty Good game, fun, but kinda crappy AI.Main issue is that i had to spend hours messing with Driver Updates trying to get it to run, and monday after a Windows 10 Update it started crashing again. I dont know what they did to the graphics to make this soo horrible but it wasnt needed.Buy this game if you have an expensive new computer, its worth it. If you dont, wait till a sale just in case it doesnt run, or wait till some updates come out for various parties, cause right now, if you dont have a nice new computer, you are likely looking at several hours of BS trying to get it to work, and it still might crash randomly."
76561197961931602,Recommended,594570,35503912,Posted: 5 October,all,Crack_Daddy [OT],"Everything is better, more hours of my life will be forfeit."
76561198059760351,Recommended,594570,35393776,Posted: 1 October,all,Beedle,Kill kill for the horned rat!
76561198138460460,Recommended,594570,35425468,Posted: 2 October,all,A TUNNEL SNAKE,"Gameplay is amazing, id say its one of the best total wars out there, and ive played them all since Rome 1. My only issue is the sound stuttering and low fps due to what i think is poor optimization. If this problem is fixed it would be perfect."
76561198310802303,Recommended,594570,35431890,Posted: 2 October,all,Freak Leonidas,Great game so far. Graphics update and with the new campaign mechanics I'd recommend getting this game.
76561198138183788,Recommended,594570,35453436,Posted: 3 October,all,Hero of Rome,"Excellant game, one of the best Total War campaign experiences I've had!"
76561198138761205,Recommended,594570,35461891,Posted: 3 October,all,Fader,This game is great. just dont pull a Roman Empire and thin your forces out.
76561197961320463,Recommended,594570,35353740,Posted: 30 September,all,Lester,"Finally, Lizardmen are featured in a video game."
76561198025670419,Recommended,594570,35459019,Posted: 3 October,all,WarWeasel,It's like the first one but different races and small but good UI improvements. So it's great!Suffer not the warmbloods to live!
76561198026670455,Recommended,594570,35461698,Posted: 3 October,all,Yompi',"buy, yes yes"
,Recommended,594570,35393239,Posted: 1 October,all,Zairalor,"Best Total War Title To DateFirst of all, I knew nothing about the Warhammer universe when I bought the first game. Yet I loved Total War: Warhammer 1, the gameplay was great, the factions fun, and the styles unique. There was only a few gripes I had with that game but it was definitely my favorite to date.Then, this game came out and I will say it is way better than even the first Warhammer title! The combat is better, there is no lag in the campaign map or on the battle field. The Vortex campaign keeps you involved and busy as you try to race ahead to get to the end before the rest of the factions. I will say I was a disappointed that the ending did not involve daemons and chaos but it was a great ride from beginning to end.  The ritual currency gathering can feel a bit dry after awhile. Taking quite awhile to gather just enough for the next ritual.That being said, you shouldn't still be reading this. You should have been hitting that ""BUY NOW"" button 5 minutes ago. Get this game and you won't regret it!"
76561198006962367,Recommended,594570,35395519,Posted: 1 October,all,Jaccouille,"The game seems pretty good so far, not just a 4 factions dlc, small changes/improvements in gameplay."
76561198089108580,Recommended,594570,35395104,Posted: 1 October,all,Terrorbytez,Awesome game!! cant wait for the mods but so far this game is alooooooooooot better then the first!!!!!! including Ai. they did this one right!!! so happy ^.^
76561198164601987,Recommended,594570,35395655,Posted: 1 October,all,Keaton,Good
76561198131830902,Recommended,594570,35358430,Posted: 30 September,all,No_0ts,10/10 would fight a giant rat in the sky again
,Recommended,594570,35418128,Posted: 2 October,all,Wanda,Even better than the last one <3
76561198270008257,Recommended,594570,35418888,Posted: 2 October,all,Master-Tom,a very good game and has made massive improvements over TWW1  the races also feel very unique.  The sieges are still the same one wall and boring but they look great. 9/10
76561198152241935,Recommended,594570,35431048,Posted: 2 October,all,Brock The Boneless,">Pick Mazdamundi for Campaign>""Blerrrlerlerler!"">Angery Frogg>Spot Warmblood Rat things in Jungle>Angerier Frogger>Warmblood Skavies corrupt ancient homeland>Angery Froggo has reached maximum anger>Begin mustering army of super-Argonian Aztecs>Rats attacc>Respond with the fury of the Old Gods>Go on an angry toad murder rampage>Cover entire jungle in Rat blood>Set entire western continent on fire>World is ♥♥♥♥ed as Chaos approaches>Mazdamundi cheers as world collapses around him>""We did it, Slann! We saved the city!"">Goes to sleep for another millenia10/10 would procrastinate for Frog stuff again"
76561198247612158,Recommended,594570,35431846,Posted: 2 October,all,MacMillan,this is what Civilization and age of empire had an baby would look like...kinda
76561198048617591,Recommended,594570,35461828,Posted: 3 October,all,R.Daddy,best total war good graphics AND the Tutorial Actually help me understand LOL! now i understand the total war way more then i ever could off this warhammer series cant wait for the the dlcs lol allthought kinda not looking forword to it cause thses motha ♥♥♥♥as gonna sqeeze more money out of me ....♥♥♥♥ers
,Recommended,594570,35367811,Posted: 1 October,all,m3ran,"Awesome, highly recommend it. Didn't run into a single bug, mby I am lucky but I did play the game 11 hours straight so mby not xD"
76561198061992222,Recommended,594570,35381434,Posted: 1 October,all,6 God,great game
76561198060302794,Recommended,594570,35429219,Posted: 2 October,all,코쟁이,"I'm having loads of fun but I can't wait for mods to come out and fix the army compositions created by the AI.Had to fight an army of 19 ellyrian reavers, one with 15 phoenix guards, one with 6 phoenixes, another one with 5 dragons...Diplomacy is also not fantastic, but feels a bit better than TWW1."
,Recommended,594570,35373714,Posted: 1 October,all,Pishpirel,Just wow.
,Recommended,594570,35429080,Posted: 2 October,all,Goku,2 days- 21 hours non stop !!!!
,Not Recommended,594570,35377668,Posted: 1 October,all,SirFancyPantsOfPantaloons,"Wasn't worth buying in the end, it's a glorified expansion masquerading as a sequel and priced as such.  There are only slight improvements and the new factions are implemented insultingly lazily. For example playing skaven is like playing a generic faction with a tacked on summon clanrat squad spell, which is a huge disappointment, and dark elf/high elf factions are only barely different enough to not be called outright reskins of each other.Maybe get it as an addon for the first one on a big sale."
,Recommended,594570,35393172,Posted: 1 October,all,MURD3R,GOD DAMN ITS GOOD!!! DIdnt think it would be possible to improve on the first one. Boy was I wrong!
,Recommended,594570,35429006,Posted: 2 October,all,Rykof,"Lots of people have said it and I'll say it again, everything that was great about the first one plus everything you could ask for. 10/10"
76561197964905568,Recommended,594570,35378577,Posted: 1 October,all,Cake Farts,"The improvements from TW: Warhammer are significant. This game is so much better than the first. It's a really fun challenge. It's a graphics hog, so don't expect to play this on a non-high end gaming PC."
76561198075387173,Recommended,594570,35394157,Posted: 1 October,all,Driger117,"Total War Wahammer 2 is a very hard game but enjoyable. I personely believe it is a very stable release, I have not run into problems playing the game. I currently have no favorite faction as I am awaiting DLC.  The High elves are a very easy starting Faction to which recommend to anyone veteran or Noobie. the game focuses more on tactics than overwhelming force in my opinion and rewardes playing to to your Factions strenght with that said there are some complains. load times are atrocies althouth that might be my system. The unit variety could be better I like alot of units not a small selection. I really want the Mega Campaign they promised really quickly. I want to see how my army of Imperial Gunners do against Dinosaurs and stuck up elves.I recommend this game to anyone new or old to Strategy games or just fans of Warhammer in general. 9.7/10"
,Recommended,594570,35436261,Posted: 2 October,all,Teclis,"Im gonna reccomend it because of a simple fact, of all Total war games not even one has inspired me ever to finish a campaing not even one! and ive played them all, but this is not the case on TWW it really makes you want to finish the campaing!!"
76561198160521382,Recommended,594570,35429315,Posted: 2 October,all,Lee Sama,Awesome game.
,Recommended,594570,35476017,Posted: 4 October,all,Definition,Great game. Loved the first game and the second did a great job building upon what was already done.
,Recommended,594570,35376472,Posted: 1 October,all,Sorgos,Real fun and time consuming!
76561198259842082,Recommended,594570,35505951,Posted: 5 October,all,Kaiser Whilhelm II,This game is very good.
,Recommended,594570,35322941,Posted: 29 September,all,reno,"Very fun game with intense, story-driven campaign and tons of replayability. Game mechanics and UI are much improved over Warhammer 1."
,Recommended,594570,35492919,Posted: 5 October,all,Dai Hachi Hachi,"Basically better than the original in every way, and once Mortal Realms comes out, it'll be even better."
,Recommended,594570,35278733,Posted: 28 September,all,zucchini,"All around improvment to the first game. Glad magic feels balanced finally. Some stability issues in multi campagin, but other than that very good launch for a total war game"
76561198136470933,Recommended,594570,35278405,Posted: 28 September,all,Thygreen,My first warhammer game and i think its great!
,Recommended,594570,35278522,Posted: 28 September,all,oh ah ah ah ah ah,"The newest addition to Total War Warhammer is a well-welcomed one. I wasn't into Warhammer prior to picking up Total War Warhammer 1, and ever since have amassed over some 300 hours on it, I have no doubt that once the modding scene resumes back for TWW2, and the promise of the Mortal Empires - a campaign combination of both TW:WH games, which will bolster the campaign to 295 settlements and 117 starting factions, it's set to be a bloody massive campaign, which I am highly looking forward to.When it comes to the game itself, everything seems to have been improved -Even if you haven't played Total War Warhammer I or any Total War game, there is an extensive and VERY highly detailed tutorial available from the get-go. The difficulty balance has been well-adjusted, allowing new players to enjoy the campaign and for seasoned veterens to sink their teeth into.The new races are all beautifully and unique, in comparison to earlier Total War games, with beautiful varieties of monsters, humanoids, greenskins and otherwise nightmare creatures that shake up the Total War foundation far beyond any other game, but does not sacrifice any tactical elements found in preceding games, barring maybe formations. And it adds a new depth to the mix - the aforementioned creatures can single handedly turn the tide of battle, powerful lords and Wizards, and especially the now revised lores of magic, feel so good.The gameplay, UI, and campaign management feels far more comprehensive. With a tonne of community feedback everything seems smooth and seamless, less obtrusive and more streamlined, without sacrificing any tactical necessity. Engine tweaks and optimisation have too provided a more flawless delivery. I'm regularly having games on Ultra graphics with maxed unit sizes, with some 12,000 individual units on screen. In the first game this would dip the frame rate, or I'd have to turn unit sizes down to normal. Not here."
76561198143912056,Recommended,594570,35440234,Posted: 3 October,all,༒The Lone Guardian༒,great game if ur into rts and tuen based strategy games.
76561198015158811,Not Recommended,594570,35411320,Posted: 2 October,all,GKMoggleMog,"I'm just not feeling it with this one. I love Warhammer Fantasy, I love the Total War games, I still love TW Warhammer 1, Skaven and Dark Elves are two of my three favorite races in Warhammer (Third is Nurgle Chaos), but I try and try to play and I only feel like I'm forcing myself to play it just because I spent $60 on the game and not because I love it.I will keep trying though because I want to like it due to my love of the setting.Hopefully the DLC improves it because as Dark Elves I spent a pretty long time fighting Skaven and other Dark Elves and never saw a single High Elf before getting bored of playing them and switching to another race. Hoping they add Alith Anar invading the Dark Elves as he has done a few times in the lore. Would put some life into Dark Elves.I played a while with each race except High Elf, because when I tried out High Elves by turn 11 some High Elves teamed up with Dark Elves to attack me so I alt-F4ed annoyed at that nonsense."
76561198045342698,Not Recommended,594570,35439204,Posted: 3 October,all,crusader,I love the game with all the new mechanics. For me the battles are playing more smoothly and load faster than the previous game. However the campaign map is nauseating and disorientating to play on due to the poor optimization even while I'm playing on more than above average graphics card as in being able to handle the first game on almost ultra settings. There is also the issue with poor AI recruitment for it's armies(norscan horse marauders). It seems like they just shoved in all these old world factions from the first without putting any work into balancing. Blood and gore should have also been released for DLC owners of the first  game instead of having to wait a few more weeks. I'm sure these issues will be addressed in due time but for now I cannot recommend this game in it's current state.  I think they are really laid back with the positive reviews and it will be quite a while before we get any siginificant changes.
76561198000394413,Not Recommended,594570,35469996,Posted: 4 October,all,#Liebe zu Dritt#,"So here we go, I waited quite some time for this game to be released and when it was released I was quite dissappointed.The game is okay in itself but it uses the same engine as the previous one and CA should have done more Quality  Assurance before it was released. As a resulf of this the there is no workshop, well it was enabled but it was disabled so while you were able to produce videos to hype people all the time you couldn't test if the workshop was working? Yeah I don't think so. Modding the game is clearly one of its strongsuits so now you have to visit other sites to find some. I just makes the whole process more complicated for no reason.Blood&Gore.This one was released after a month for the first game, while I do appreciate that I will get this one for free because I have it for the first one, CA did know that people want Blood&Gore in a warhammer game. On W1 forums were filled with people asking for b&g until it was released. This time they knew and it isn't ready again so the whole game files kinda lacking. They want to circumvent some R rating, fine but you could release it earlier, make it a day 1 dlc.While the first game had an okay grand campaign the vortex campaign in the 2nd is quite annoying. Your blind advisor will tell you ""omg vortex"" and your main character will also be ""omg vortex"" the missions do actually evolve around it too. Even when the campaign doesn't stop after the final ritual it is an annoyance to be reminded of it constantly.The mechanics are somewhat broken too.Here is an example:-> you besiege a skaven settlement.What will happen if the skaven attack your army in order to break the siege?A) You will have a normal battle where you defend.B) You will be ambushed.C) You will have a normal battle where you attack.Obviously it is B. (o.O) So laying siege to a city means for CA that your army marches circles around the city so they can be ambushed, because that is the intro for each ambush. Your army marching and you are not allowed to deploy for battle. How can they ambush you while you construct siege equipment? Clearly that is not working as intended and another negative point on the quality assurance done by CA.When the free campaign ""mortal empires"" will arrive is not clear and I really dislike that we don't get any dates on anything. Blood&Gore? Soon.So for now I can not recommend the game to anyone, hold on till they put in blood&gore or mortal empires and you may be even able to get a discount already. Simply play TW:Warhammer I till they get their act together."
,Recommended,594570,35507998,Posted: 5 October,all,allahuaktrigg22,it good
,Recommended,594570,35257764,Posted: 28 September,all,ser pounce,"Vermintide approves, yes-yes!"
76561198007393417,Recommended,594570,35261551,Posted: 28 September,all,Sher Khan,"A very well done game.... CA have outdone themselves yet again by adding another masterpiece to the Total War series.Graphics: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10Sound: 10/10Music: 10/10Mechanics: 10/10Optimization: 7/10Basically... if you want a fantastic fantasy turn-based strategy game... look no further, open you're wallet and throw money, hugs and some kind words at Creative Assembly and this magnificent game!"
76561197968351158,Not Recommended,594570,35319199,Posted: 29 September,all,Gewenis,"Total War: Rallyhammer 2Seriously.....broken enemy archers will rally 6 7 8 times in a row and harrass your lines with arrow fire. You send the cavalry in to whipe them out, the archers will break run a few feet turn and  continue harrasing your line. There needs to be a cap on the amount of times an enemy unit can be rallied. More than twice and the unit is full of cowards get the eff off the battlefield. The enemies leader is always the last to break and it takes a significant force to wittle his health down.So essentially every battle is the same, chase down rallied troops in the hopes of getting them all to break at the same time  so you can get a victory then chase down the enemies hero halfway across the map killing him while he flees."
76561197996689149,Not Recommended,594570,35470996,Posted: 4 October,all,Honk,"i mean its warhammer 1.1 in a nuttshell. i liked total war warhammer more then i like this, this seems cheaper somehow.Honestly i think i coulde just play warhammer and have more fun, like im allrdy geting tired of warhammer 2.6 out of 10. I woulde not buy it. woulde just keep playing warhammer.Maybe it will become cooler once the Big grandcampaing launches"
76561198067115171,Recommended,594570,35257415,Posted: 28 September,all,Oh Hey Alex,"Man-things, Dwarf-things, Elf-things, slave them all! Kill-Kill all for Great one!"
,Not Recommended,594570,35274019,Posted: 28 September,all,-DI-Carthage,"For now, hold on to your money. It doesn't feel like it has enough content yet, some factions are just missing and if you're like me and can only be excited about dinosaurs and talking rats for a couple of hours then it gets old fast.To me, total war campaigns have always been a sandbox. Win how you want to, the whole ritual campaign mechanic just doesn't fit well with me. Which I wouldn't mind if I could just switch it off but I can't. That's alright though, maybe play as a faction who doesn't care about the vortex? The vampires maybe? Nope, not playable, even though I own the first game and all the dlc for it.I don't get it. I played a few hours, it felt forced, the factions don't feel as unique as the first game, other than the skaven. Take the High Elves and Dark Elves, one is basically just the edgy goth version of the other.Speaking of the skaven, if you aren't going to play as them then they are really just annoying since no one really has the kind of ranged firepower the empire or the dwarves did so you end up running aound chasing rats for thirty minutes. They won't beat you, their units are throw-away trash for the most part but they will annoy you. Just auto-resolve those annoying pest extiminator simulators.Yes the other (old) factions are there but they aren't playable for no reason. Other than that they don't suit this vortex campaign they went for.Where's the mad egyptian mummies? Why can't I blow the skaven to hell with Dwarven cannons? Where's the holy bretonnian knights? It's just a bunch of peasants getting squashed by some zombies, again.I hope they bin this idea of a story driven campaign for the next game (and frankly I hope they add a mode where you can just switch it off for this game).So basically right now it's a bunch of new units which get old quickly and a campaign mode which is just a really bad gimmick that forces you to play it's game.[side note: this vortex campaign was meant to stop people from leaving since they would get so dominant that it was just a formality to win. It hasn't. I killed my biggest rival and was a ritual and a half ahead of the next faction when I stopped playing. Same issue, just with a gimmick that stops players from playing their way.]"
76561198064013591,Recommended,594570,35265286,Posted: 28 September,all,ares,"Its good, get it."
,Recommended,594570,35257917,Posted: 28 September,all,Something Wicked,"I've been looking forward to this for a while.  Only have had a little bit of time to play so far since it's just released, but it's run smoothly and looks great!"
,Recommended,594570,35269397,Posted: 28 September,all,JoshMcC13,Lizards riding Dinosaurs fighting rats riding bells11/10 would fail a-levels again
76561197972294502,Not Recommended,594570,35450772,Posted: 3 October,all,mypurplescissors,"unfortunately at this time I cannot get more than 20fps out of it, so it's unplayable to me.  I run the first one at a pretty consistent 60fps with high settings.  will change this if it gets a performance patch of some kind."
76561197996428242,Recommended,594570,35263929,Posted: 28 September,all,Thaltoz,amazing game better than tww!! cheers
76561198202673102,Recommended,594570,35304654,Posted: 29 September,all,Peejen,I need Blood DLC !!!
76561198038467163,Recommended,594570,35337900,Posted: 30 September,all,OtterCat,Dinosaurs fighting giant mutant abominations?Sign me the ♥♥♥♥ up!
76561198037683377,Recommended,594570,35272194,Posted: 28 September,all,Mmgala Mufufu,"Good game elves are fun, lizards are lizzardy and skaven doesnt exist its all gooooood"
76561198035479057,Recommended,594570,35272327,Posted: 28 September,all,Wyrmcrawler,"This game is a blast. If you do not have it, do yourself a favor and buy it NOW! 10/10"
76561198162179656,Recommended,594570,35436217,Posted: 2 October,all,Heinrich Himmler,Best game ever!
76561197994948190,Recommended,594570,35337396,Posted: 30 September,all,Dandy,Awesome continuation of the series. Improves on Warhammer 1 in every way. Cannot recommend enough !
,Recommended,594570,35342340,Posted: 30 September,all,Zzz,Nice
76561198050049518,Recommended,594570,35342589,Posted: 30 September,all,tobbeT,This review will be a bit biased because:A. I love total warB. I love WarhammerIf you're the same you've probably already bought this game and if so message me if you're interested in playing any coop campaigns!I would describe the campaign part of the game as a lovely mix between classics like heroes of m&m and civilization.The battle part of the game is the epic top notch rts flavour I've only ever received from the total war franchise.The learning curve might be a bit on the tough side at first (even though I would like to point out that this one especially seems to be really helpful for new players!)but once you get the hang of it you will experience a game that will satisfy your inner strategist infinitely with a spice of roleplaying that just takes it to that next level.If anyone would like a hand with getting to know the game - give us a shout!5/5 hammers
76561197964525533,Recommended,594570,35327258,Posted: 30 September,all,Autobalanced,"An improvement over game 1 in every way. The campaign AI has finally grown some balls and will take even fights more often, it still doesn't seem to be able to retire old units though so favors multiple armies of garbage tier units or memelord's with a 20 stack of artillery"
76561197963367422,Recommended,594570,35384527,Posted: 1 October,all,donlott,"I'm enjoying the game, and I do recommend it, but I hope that some mods come out to let me mod out the Vortex. It's a nifty mechanic until you realize it's just another doom timer forcing you into a fast paced slog to wage unfettered war in order to stop factions from carrying out a number of rituals. I was hoping for the ability to try and take over the world, form alliances, and purge the corruption... instead I got about 150-180 turns of an AI that cheats like a Civ game and forces me into non-strategic decisions over and over again. Once the modding community tears into this beast, it will become the glorious game it is meant to be. Until then, it is nice distraction that gets old quickly.For reference, my 33+ hours spans 2 full campaigns, beginning to losing end. Each game, the winning faction was well over twice as far along as everyone else. It seemed unrealistic and more than a little unbalanced. Hold off a while... let it mature."
76561198036995331,Recommended,594570,35291003,Posted: 29 September,all,PRAPOR,"The game is very good. But the AI in combat is behaving like an imbecile - it is very unpleasant. To fight against a stupid enemy is an insult. Is it so hard to teach the AI to conduct a competent maneuver battle? To teach the AI attack the flangs, false retreat, to teach the AI to choose the right targets to attack and to adequately assess the situation on the battlefield. Every battle should be an ordeal, not a cakewalk."
76561198160662112,Recommended,594570,35291375,Posted: 29 September,all,DeathT0Sheep,"Who needs sleep? I dont need sleep yes-yes. I need more monster, drink-drink and sleep is for the week.long wait was worth it try it now.!"
,Recommended,594570,35258370,Posted: 28 September,all,Fookin Maywheda,fookin rats
76561198007196845,Recommended,594570,35314724,Posted: 29 September,all,scfs123,"Thanks for listening to most our complaints from TWW1, game feels so much better."
76561198032707147,Recommended,594570,35349187,Posted: 30 September,all,MoneyMike1123,"Liked the first game, love the second game"
,Recommended,594570,35261853,Posted: 28 September,all,Grand Master Vitallion von Koltz,"Warhammer II, in short, can be seen as a very positive extension of Warhammer I.There are many improvements over the first installment, with absolutely stunning scenery, expanded campaign mechanics, actual victory conditions that the AI can reasonably achieve, more streamlined character and faction stories and a vastly improved array of factions and units.On top of all of this, Warhammer II is somehow far more optimized than Warhammer I, allowing for higher graphical settings to run at less of a cost to RAM and graphical capacity resulting in much smoother campaign and battle experiences with a far greater number of troops on the field.The only cons i've found thus far are scenery issues (trees going through buildings, floating props e.c.t.) albeit this is a rarity, clipping and pathfinding issues regarding said trees (units can run right through massive great leafy obstacles), and a slight inbalance of High Elf melee troops in the early-mid game (no reasonably priced sword unit, ♥♥♥♥♥ for online play).I'm sure these will be patched relatively quickly though, as CA showed with their handling of imbalances in Warhammer I.Bar these few points, the game is fantastic thus far, far greater and more fleshed out than the first installment, and I look forward to seeing what CA brings us on the FreeLC and DLC front soon.In short, 10/10, would murder ♥♥♥♥ Dark Elves with an Eagle Bolt line again."
,Recommended,594570,35261918,Posted: 28 September,all,OISIN,"Loving it so far!Improves over the first one in so many ways....diving back in, more detailed review later.ps : GET IT. It's amazing. :D"
76561198039010300,Recommended,594570,35262642,Posted: 28 September,all,wiredfrenzy,"Excellent game, they have expanded on some of the best features from the last game and scaled back some of the worst. Favorite thing so far is the ability to see what causes Lords to receive traits and how you can make them better or get rid of them!"
76561198045663006,Recommended,594570,35269395,Posted: 28 September,all,ShadowArcher911,After playing with the game for a few hours I can fully clarify that indeed rats can kill dinosaurs!
,Recommended,594570,35270508,Posted: 28 September,all,Big Baby Jesus,Buy buy you must if if you liked  the first first game. Spread plauge you must must
76561198082285706,Recommended,594570,35263641,Posted: 28 September,all,Offensive Swede Man,"The minute i start the game queek headtaker from the mors caln want a peace treaty,NO! I DONT WANT A FILTHY RAT RUNNING ARTOUND NOT GETTING KILLED!"
,Recommended,594570,35269343,Posted: 28 September,all,Neko-Nomikon,"I'd consider it a direct upgrade to the first TW:WH.Skills are now incrimental. Meaning if you get a skill that gives a bonus to building, and keep building, that skill will rise and have better effects.The 4 races at the start are already enough to soak maybe 80ish hours into just doing core campaign (and DLC will add to this).The eye of the storm mechanic is pretty good. You can even♥♥♥♥♥♥about and send disposible armies to interfeat with the enemies rituals (and they can do likewise).However it is significantly worse perfomance wise than the first. It DOES need optimization."
76561197971857790,Recommended,594570,35258841,Posted: 28 September,all,Valegorn,FREAKING HIGH ELVES!!!!!
,Recommended,594570,35262076,Posted: 28 September,all,机智豆,very decent game and great model really love warhammer!
,Recommended,594570,35262082,Posted: 28 September,all,QtheMuse,The UI updates on this game alone make it amazing. The battles and vortex map are also welcome additions. I can't wait for the tomb kings. I also am looking forward to Warhammer 3 with all the improvements they make in the next series they are making great steps forward for the entire total war franchise.
,Recommended,594570,35263564,Posted: 28 September,all,Soviet Eraserhead,Performance seem to have unfortunately taken a dip compared to its predecessor. Otherwise a worthy follow-up to the excellent first game.
76561197963315984,Recommended,594570,35265496,Posted: 28 September,all,Ben!to,Its okay.
76561198024299389,Recommended,594570,35270463,Posted: 28 September,all,RetroRebus,10/10 Total War : Jurassic World
76561198023141293,Recommended,594570,35284743,Posted: 28 September,all,Nachoguy5,"More stuff, more heads, more GLORY FOR QUEEK!"
76561198383072270,Recommended,594570,35307948,Posted: 29 September,all,EsdrasVC,"The way to go with a game, the quality its impressive. The technical issues are little to non. the only problem i need blood and gore :( anyways worth every dolar.  Really looking foward the dlc material."
76561197995246913,Recommended,594570,35310019,Posted: 29 September,all,BashiFTW,"Just bought the game, Installing it right now as we speak 10:44am Pacific time. Played it, LOVE IT! Did the Research HUGE IMPROVEMENT. Friends have the game RAVING ABOUT IT. I'm a fan of the total war series since shogun 1 and I see the EFFORT the developers put in to making this game stand out from the first. Best investment you will ever have on steam. BUY IT!-BashiLike so others in the serious know that this is IT. See yall in Multiplayer!"
76561198361957871,Recommended,594570,35314763,Posted: 29 September,all,nathankirk18,there is something wrong with my unit number it should be 100 in a unit now it is 25 in a unitcan someone help me
76561198008854624,Recommended,594570,35315225,Posted: 29 September,all,Knights Templar 197,This game surpasses the original at its start. Highly unique factions to choose from and an slew of interesting campaign mechanics make this one of the best total war games I have ever played. When mod support and the combined campaign come out this game will become an excellent addition to any strategy gamers library.
76561198006832774,Not Recommended,594570,35311466,Posted: 29 September,all,Zohan Dwir,"This game is basically the same as Total War Warhammer 1, only this is focused on the Elven story and the map is moved over to Ulthuan / Naggaroth / Lustria (Atlantis, North and South America). Units behave the same as in TW W1 and graphics looks pretty much the same as well, only it runs a bit worse, since the new game got optimized for new cards and is penalizing the old ones.There is a plethora of lovely WH fantasy races and units and this is the best part of the game. The story has some videos which are mediocre and actually I don't really care about them. Mechanics are still classic moronic stacking stuff, only this time AI doesn't perfectly dodge your stacks (yehaw). Still everything is scripted as hell, so when you start your rituals, AI will spawn huge armies out of thin air, right next to your capital. So the strategy part is pretty thin and the map is stupidly designed in an annoying maze of useless cities that AI teleporters will raze with abandon. I think that game designers thought the experience of fighting some boring battles with inferior forces is nice in some masochistic fashio. It's not, at least not for most of us.Tactically the terrain is still garbage, having mostly no influence whatsoever on the battle, but there's a lot of pines to block your camera, which now appears to be worse than before.Overall, if you want a good strategy, stay clear of this, it's like a dumbed-down version of TW WH1. But if you want to play with Elves and Skaven and Lizards, then part yourself with 60 Euro and don't expect any improvements.Edit: when playing the campaign scripting really starts to grate. Doing the vortex 4/5 suddenly generated like 10-ish top level stacks, sometimes focusing 2 or 3 stacks per city. Of course you can't stop them with a garrison and they raze cities and pop up all over the map. Out of the woods there came enormous armies. How stupid is that? Blasted lazy scripting. Totally killed my desire to continue to play."
,Recommended,594570,35504813,Posted: 5 October,all,BrokenBootStrap,game crashes in multiplayer campaign constantly.
76561198006611536,Recommended,594570,35395160,Posted: 1 October,all,Bresais,I like it! Long live the Asur!
76561198027839352,Recommended,594570,35421266,Posted: 2 October,all,Marth,SO good. High elves are bae
76561198011470610,Recommended,594570,35431888,Posted: 2 October,all,S-t-ray-Rodrynn Kapten,"A great sequel/expansion to Total War: Warhammer. Can't wait untill Tomb Kings and the Epic map with all factions. Have had a great time playing Skaven so far, Lord Skrolk is a beast!"
76561198053034419,Recommended,594570,35457263,Posted: 3 October,all,Jannis,yeet
76561198017622321,Recommended,594570,35471133,Posted: 4 October,all,im junger,ya
,Recommended,594570,35464440,Posted: 3 October,all,selkhet25,"If you like the first TW: Warhammer you have no choice, you must buy  Total War: Warhammer II"
76561198130597983,Recommended,594570,35459640,Posted: 3 October,all,Kulgan (fetus),Pretty Moistening
,Recommended,594570,35368068,Posted: 1 October,all,魔人ぐだ子,When will the workshop come out?
76561198013918139,Recommended,594570,35327967,Posted: 30 September,all,UnquietEmu,The best yet
76561197993208657,Recommended,594570,35304882,Posted: 29 September,all,[MARS] Tarentius,Ja!!!
,Recommended,594570,35320874,Posted: 29 September,all,streamweaver,"I've played most of the Total War series, but not the first TW Warhammer game.  The fantasy elements add a lot of fun and maintaining heros and commanders adds a lot of personality to your armies.  I enjoy that a lot.There are a number of issues with the game that take away from an mostly enjoyable game that can be frustrating.  The controls are much worse than other TW games.  You only get two types of formations (missiles first or melee first) and the button is often bugged for me.  Also, the unit pathing and group pathing is completely idiotic.    it's common to start a session with my army lined up, select them all and try to move then forward and they seem to go in random directions all over the place.    The comparitive unit strengths seems to make no sense to me either, I've had spearmen go up against archers and get their butts kicked.    AI heros seem to be unnaturally tough compared to mine, I'm sure there's an in game reason but for the life of me I can't figure i out.So overall, many of the elements are fun. The various effectors of things in the game are difficult to figure out and it can be confusing, add in the difficult controls and it's amped up a bit."
76561197973138804,Recommended,594570,35325044,Posted: 29 September,all,HellfireWarlocks,the best total war so far
76561198177114583,Recommended,594570,35276017,Posted: 28 September,all,Infernouncle,Well its Just as amazing as I thought it would be So YEEEE get it
76561198038779800,Recommended,594570,35346156,Posted: 30 September,all,kwiman2,I've been a Total War player since Shogun on my Windows 95 rig. Every Total War game kept improving on that original experience and Warhammer II is the best so far.If you're a Total War fan and don't have this game you're doing it wrong.
,Recommended,594570,35303521,Posted: 29 September,all,Doom J,BEST TOTAL WAR EVER
76561198023735905,Recommended,594570,35303767,Posted: 29 September,all,A Humpier Rogue,Its prettu good.
76561198022183119,Recommended,594570,35303689,Posted: 29 September,all,Kandras,Really fun
76561198062372568,Recommended,594570,35315342,Posted: 29 September,all,Balgus Orechasm,"Vastly improved on the first game, which was already an excellent example of the Total War formula. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,594570,35315368,Posted: 29 September,all,Myke Wazowski #NoLegs,"A Massive improvement over Warhammer 1 In all aspects. Graphics are nicer, Character design is nicer, Loading times are shorter. And  more varied range of useful spells!"
,Recommended,594570,35316294,Posted: 29 September,all,Dr.Bloody,"Love the game, Biggest gripe with it is the food mechanic for skaven. You need to fight to get food to mantain settlements and genreral♥♥♥♥♥♥like public order, but you need more territory to mantain an economy to keep the multiple armies to fight with, but said territory reduces the ammount of food you got starting this big spiral down to -25% on everything."
,Recommended,594570,35315614,Posted: 29 September,all,Eagleeye1989,This is the best total war game in my opinion. Loads of fun.
,Recommended,594570,35315652,Posted: 29 September,all,zyrums,Thumbs Up!
76561198056307868,Recommended,594570,35336581,Posted: 30 September,all,rafaelmurciano,"I loved it played like 300-400 h on the last one and  I really have noticed some improvement sense then, I hope they integrate the weather thing in the first one too that way you can technically take all reasons but it will just be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for  you, I mean so many things look better or just so good, the map also is so big but in my 21 h played sense release I do have some things that really make me mad. First of all there is no end video when you lose… idk if there is when you win but come on CA you can afford a 1 min video or something right ? instead it takes you straight to this little stat panel that I don’t give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about . another thing, I have watched the videos on the game before it came out and they all sayed that the ritual was there, that you could win the game by finishing it or paint the map your color that there was a freedom more or less right ? well I wanted to just conquer everything, I knew the enemy was finishing the ritual but I just wanted to do my own thing. Well 100 and like 80 turns later I lose the game… not only that but the only options are to go to the menu start a new campaign… like wtf?? CA come one man what is this ? are you really going to make me send armies constantly to the enemy’s territory to attack them ? yeah sure I can use the intercept army option but they are so useless I might as well burn the money I spend on them… I still love the game but that is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥man… I guess the moders will have to do your job for you huh CA ? you might as well pay them the basically work for you and work 10 times harder"
76561197991410071,Recommended,594570,35352454,Posted: 30 September,all,Dreamsurfer,Awesome Sequel to the best Total War game ever. The Production Values are great and and so is attention to detail.I can't wait for the DLC to show up :).
76561198014548132,Recommended,594570,35406399,Posted: 1 October,all,Blue,Dont hesitate buy now. Best strategy game out there!!!!!!
76561198006967152,Not Recommended,594570,35260415,Posted: 28 September,all,Überguy,"This is the first ever Total War game designed specifically to RUSH the campaign, and i absolutely detest it.Pay no regard to this game if you like the laid-back pace of every other Total War games, don't buy this game untilt heir remedy the Vortex stress when Warhammer 1 and 2 gets stitched together in the weirdly named 'mortal empires' patch.I can't enjoy this game without cheats as i want to design my empire in my fashion, not to a Zerg Rush fashion which is an ugly race."
,Recommended,594570,35418224,Posted: 2 October,all,tahkaullus01,"Did you enjoy defending the Empire against the endless rivers of Chaos?Were you successful in serving the Blood God his daily due of blood?Are you looking to carry on where you left off with the Elves, the Dark Elves, the Lizardmen and the Skaven?Yes?Good, then get this now. All the good things about Total Warhammer were kept whilst some of the stuff that we didn't like  have been fixed up, namely magic. Enjoy the breath attacks, they'll blow you away."
76561198068451256,Recommended,594570,35444740,Posted: 3 October,all,Putin,10/10 Best Total War Ever.  This game has been cracked but please make sure the Mortal Empires can't be crack by hackers.
76561197977234217,Recommended,594570,35260746,Posted: 28 September,all,Der Spaß am Ruin,The best total war so fare. Even more enjoyable than Medieval 2 with all it's total conversions.
,Recommended,594570,35450032,Posted: 3 October,all,Black_Midnite,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjz56p5m2h8Watch this review that I did.Some things I left out:The gameplay:The battles seem really fun, they aren't like the last Total War games. Now, your troops actually listen  to your commands and will not just do there own things on the battlefield. For example, cavalry will actually run away from a fight, if you tell them to...instead of not listening and dying off. Also, Spearmen will actually prepare to engage, when an enemy is charging them. The only part about the battle, that I miss, was actually being able to tell your troops to get into formations but they will always be in a standard line formation.  Also, battles still feel a little too fast. I understand that some solider types are stronger than others, but it constantly seems like my men break WAY too easily compared to the A.I.'s troops. Instead, even when they (A.I.'s troops) are broken and surrounded, they'll still fight to the last man. Instead, my men will run away and get picked off. That said, either troops could not rely so much on moral, even when reinfornced, and instead rely on fighting to the last man...like Total War: Medieval 2. Even with all that said, I still love the epic battles. I even had a battle defending one of my strongholds that looks and reminded me of Lord of the Rings, and they were defending Helms Deep...we almost lost too...just like the movie BUT we won.The only bad thing is the balancing between each and every faction, the Dark Elves and Lizardmen are super powerful against the Skaven and the High Elves are super powerful against the Dark Elves and Lizardmen. Except, The Skaven are stronger than the High Elves. That just doesn't make any sense to me because then it just turns into a clusterfudge of who should be more powerful than whom. Yes, they have their strengths and weaknesses, but it feels more like Pokemon (Fire types beats grass types and grass types beats water types) except enter your four factions of Warhammer 2. It should be evenely matched, because Skaven are more tactiful and dirty, compared to the High Elves...who are stronger and more elegant. Therefor, the Skaven shouldn't be able to beat the High Elves in a straight up battle...but they can.Diplomacy:The Diplomacy actually seems a little better, now. Especially with the little indicator with the colorful faces, next to the leader's portrait. It helps you understand exactly why they won't accept a defensive alliance or won't join a confederation with you. Still, with that said...it hasn't completely upgraded. There is still some randomness to their demands and acceptance rate, which should be portayed better but...it is better than it was and that is a point in my book.OVERVIEW:With all that said, all the unfairness and pain of the ritual, I still recommend this game and do believe that you should give it a try. Each faction is very different from each other and they all have their own playstyle. Not to mention, CA/Games Workshop still have some free stuff coming later down the line...which should excite you. If that isn't enough, then yes...this game is a bit different compared to the first Total War: Warhammer. Watch some gameplay and see if you like the game. If it gives a thrill or want to play the game...then buy it. Hopefully you'll enjoy it!I GIVE THIS GAME A 8.5/10Thanks for reading, have a great day!"
76561198095514699,Recommended,594570,35282578,Posted: 28 September,all,M3G4TR8N,Game needs patching. When I click on the Phoenix Guard they don't say anything.
76561197996399698,Recommended,594570,35336853,Posted: 30 September,all,Fingon,"9/10 - Hard to get a perfect scoreHowever, with as good as this game is compared to I, III has a chance to be that perfect 10.Simply put this game is amazing for what it is.  If you enjoy this type of game then it's a must play even if you don't know a lick about Warhammers lore.  The reviews are true and it's glorious straight from the start.  I congratulate the whole team for a very well done game and I hope you continue to improve with the addons and upcoming third expansion.Time to buy that GTX 1080 TI I want, as this will push your computer on settings High and above, but it's beautiful!  Enjoy!"
76561198165790725,Recommended,594570,35304888,Posted: 29 September,all,ECHO,IMPROVEMENT. IMPROVEMENT. IMPROVEMENT.
76561198020298249,Recommended,594570,35339911,Posted: 30 September,all,The Silver Otter,"Turn 101: Complete reunification with Dark Elves.  By reunification I mean genocide.  That shiny Oedipal maniac is history.Turn 182: Complete Final Ritual.Turn 183: Save the world after only 29 hours.10/10But seriously CA, you guys have got to fix seiges."
76561198037148149,Recommended,594570,35492476,Posted: 5 October,all,bunnie grill,"Took my time going through my first campaign with the High Elves. Roughly 20-25 hours of gameplay out of just 1 of the 4 campaigns. Well worth the money, simply for the replayability alone.The races consist of High Elves, Lizardmen, Dark Elves, and the Skaven (rat people). All have their own playstyles, just as Warhammer 1 did with the different races that came about with that game. I'm sure this title will be bolstered by plenty of additional races just as the first one did. Will be playing this one for a long time to come."
,Recommended,594570,35491242,Posted: 5 October,all,Tandoori Pepe,Quality.
76561198087316832,Recommended,594570,35323099,Posted: 29 September,all,Punished John,"I was excited for this game because it allowed me to play as a genocidal, obese floading toad.It did not disappoint."
76561198054127853,Recommended,594570,35322934,Posted: 29 September,all,GIO吉奥,love warhammer? love total war? love fantasy? GET THIS GAME.
76561198056692975,Recommended,594570,35323112,Posted: 29 September,all,Frankietee,"Great game so far! Can't wait for the new campaign that combines both games, and for mods.10/10 would unleash a horde of rats again"
76561197998345694,Recommended,594570,35322771,Posted: 29 September,all,Smokewalker,<3
76561197985949956,Recommended,594570,35506863,Posted: 5 October,all,SSG Diem,"This is a pretty good follow up to Total War Warhammer 1, which you should buy immediately if you enjoy games like Civiliztion or RTS type titles. This one is a bit more perscriptive as there is a time limit added in the form of a Race for control of the Vortex. There will be options to ignore the vortex later, but if you are looking on how to play the game as efficiently as possible, this will provide the necessary stress required to get better quickly.TLDR: This is a good game. It is worth every penny, especially in an age where we are surrounded by over hyped under performing skin in box style games."
,Not Recommended,594570,35274879,Posted: 28 September,all,Pretoryan,"Its a polished, pretty version of TW 1.It is as good and as fun as the first one, so if you liked that one there is no reason this DLC wont provide a few more hundreds of hours of gameplay.But to release a game with only 4 playable factions, 80% covered in sea with no naval battles is insulting.So I`ll have fun playing it, but ♥♥♥♥ you CA, wont recommend it to anybody."
76561198044731231,Not Recommended,594570,35322660,Posted: 29 September,all,TheButtler,"Dull, boring and hyped beyond any sensible level.It is practically a copy and paste of all the base mechanics in the game, plus the addition of something you didnt care about anyway...the vortex. The great swirling pointless is out to ruin your wartime fun by forcing you to hang about for 8-10 turns repelling a tiny chaos invasion...if they ever reach you at all. No factions seem to bother interrupting your ritual either, along with their capitals being too far away to interupt their rituals.Which bring me on to campaign movement. With such a large map you'll need to sail across stretchs of water. Most of which have huge areas of attrition making them almost unpassable. But if you do meet an enemy on the high seas then fear not you can... oh just auto resolve...still no naval battles or anything other than standard battles and the absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing awful siege battles.I saw a stream with a dev talking about improvments made to siege battles from user feedback. The dev was elated to tell us they had added encampments, what are they? Well occasionally you see a cluster of faction style tents off in a corner somewhere that is...purely aethsetic...ffs CA are you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or just taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥I could rant for hours about how poor CA's effort is for these games lately. But what i will say is this. CA have a plan, they will follow that plan however ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t it is, here's the important bit. That plan... doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about what you'd like or care for in the game. Prime example, Skaven. A huge swarming army of delightful ratmen turned into a weak standardised army with a lack luster roster. ""We've done the hellpit abomination!"" CA cries. I cry ""what about the feel if the entire faction?""...silence...Factions:Lizardmen- OP as hell.Skaven- Unfinished before release. Broken mechanics.Dark Elves- Kill stuff, then kill it again a bit better.High Elves- They are just ♥♥♥♥ing elves! With (s♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) diplomatic bonuses...Game- 6/10Creative Assembly- 2/10 must try harder."
76561198121584436,Recommended,594570,35257957,Posted: 28 September,all,teg07c,"Total Warhammer II has more races, harder starting positions, more buildings, and more settlements than the first one. I've only played for an hour and a half but like what I'm seeing so far. I thought end turn would be slower since there are many more factions but it seems to be as fast or faster than the first game. After 500 hours, I found the first version a bit repetitive on each play through as it was a massive confederation spam for the main races. The existence of many races will likely increase re playability. Excited for mod support."
,Recommended,594570,35261542,Posted: 28 September,all,Wazzy G,Enjoying it from the get-go. Feels so much more polished than the first game.Oh my.. I predict many hours lost to the beautiful immersiveness this sequel brings.
76561198091169938,Not Recommended,594570,35435027,Posted: 2 October,all,Teclis,"Really wonderful game, I can tell you many.... positive...things, but there's one little minor problem, which, of course, changes my opinion a little... ""Local = on disk"". Softclub made reaaaally bad russian localization. So, let's wait for better mod, but i change this review only after correction of the official localization. CA or SEGa, c'mon, guys! It really spoils our (russian gamers) good emotions about the game! It can affect your sales, to be honestly))) So, I recommend pay as mush attention as possible to this issue."
76561198142714770,Recommended,594570,35266297,Posted: 28 September,all,Samwise Gumtree,I like this game :-)
,Recommended,594570,35266251,Posted: 28 September,all,Darky,Only 4 factions?
,Recommended,594570,35258567,Posted: 28 September,all,Sibro,:)
76561198004608407,Recommended,594570,35260860,Posted: 28 September,all,TwoStepsFromHell,"So, I recommend this game because I'm a fanboy. I love Total War-games and I love Warhammer.Things people should be aware of before buying (issues and content will most likely get sorted):- I am playing in 1440p, all graphics maxed out and I run GTX 1080 SLI. The campaign map lags. 16 fps is not allright. Battles however work better. This is annoying.- There is no grand campaign involving both games, at least not yet. Looking forward to that.- If you have played WH1 or other fairly new games of the genre; skip the tutorial. It is dumbed down to micro managing your first steps into this game."
,Not Recommended,594570,35274906,Posted: 28 September,all,Shia labeouf,"Only 4 factions. i can already feel them milking me for more money. and the game just launched.Edit: Actually didnt know about the free dlc factions and didnt realize this when i bought the game and was upset to see only 4 factions for 72$ canadian, But it is true they had overpriced dlc's for the last game so i took it at face value on what i got day 1.This is coming from someone who knows nothing about warhammerPlus the map is most entirely water there seems to be no naval combat from what little i experiencedSo sadly i already refunded it but im glad other people are enjoying it!"
76561198075916282,Recommended,594570,35332016,Posted: 30 September,all,The Last Methbender,"Step 1: Recruit a slannStep 2: Rename him ""Pepe, Prophet Of Kek""Step 3: Praise Kek"
76561198005555286,Recommended,594570,35258533,Posted: 28 September,all,Mathgen,Brilliant! Just brilliant!
76561197983414537,Recommended,594570,35257284,Posted: 28 September,all,Whathedkns,"40k out of 10, would Warhammer again."
76561198039995181,Recommended,594570,35315210,Posted: 29 September,all,Nick Nitro,Hell yes
,Recommended,594570,35258839,Posted: 28 September,all,Garg,"First start with imagine Total War Warhammer 1 with the latest updates. Then add new huge map, new awesome factions, new style campaign, tons of new (and very good) game mechanics and future addon in form of both Warhammer games merged into one (both campaign maps, all factions!). Thats Total War Warhammer 2! And it will be only better!... oh and there is this thing in multiplayer called Free For All."
,Recommended,594570,35274001,Posted: 28 September,all,Disciple of TRM,Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,594570,35257218,Posted: 28 September,all,Mamad_Knight,"Nothing to say, just great work CA!"
76561198051648458,Recommended,594570,35258854,Posted: 28 September,all,erchonem,"So far, so good. The game runs smoothly and it's very well optimized (90 fps+, all on ultra, on a gtx 1070, 16gb ram, i7 7700).  The map is quite huge, a lot to explore and offers decent replayability.So far, I've tried the dark elves and I love the race. Great units, interesting buildings and a decently challanged start of the campaign.The only downside is the small number of races to choose from, but more will be added later on (probably with DLCs)."
76561198047322232,Recommended,594570,35259574,Posted: 28 September,all,Primaltreeman,Great game noice
76561198005698142,Recommended,594570,35260657,Posted: 28 September,all,Death,Fun
76561198085483284,Recommended,594570,35424967,Posted: 2 October,all,Reddiction,Skaven/starvation
,Recommended,594570,35467171,Posted: 4 October,all,Perfidious Anglo,gud gam
76561198007158892,Recommended,594570,35452070,Posted: 3 October,all,Tomi,"best total war game to date, keep up the good work, you are amazing guys, with every game you get better, and better, awesome :)"
,Recommended,594570,35453153,Posted: 3 October,all,mpghelli,Best Total War until Now
76561198079582413,Recommended,594570,35412933,Posted: 2 October,all,Kasanova,Oh yes
76561198147852639,Recommended,594570,35467438,Posted: 4 October,all,Pec,what a game
76561198023238266,Recommended,594570,35462364,Posted: 3 October,all,Gwynn Bleid,Total War: Warhammer 1 is amazing.Total War: Warhammer 2 is amazing.It is that simple.
76561198006646985,Recommended,594570,35315474,Posted: 29 September,all,Jicho87,"Yeah, I can see how this is not a game for everyone. Some of the new game mechcanics will make poeple♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. The demanding nature of the game is hard on the player and the PC. The Vortex really starts to forces one into conflict, with not alot of time to hold up and build. There is going to be alot of DLCs added  which means aloot more $$$. So yes i can understand why poeple will bring out the HaterAid and star♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the forums.For myself, I F****** love this game. Add this with the first game and in my opinion you have made the BEST GAME (to this date) on pc for me. Well worth the price and more so bring on those DLCs and go ahead give a FLCs just to show the love back if you want CA. THANK YOU FOR A GREAT GAME."
76561198225595680,Recommended,594570,35316264,Posted: 29 September,all,Lazarus_Runestar,"worked fine on release with the old engine as i couldn't be asked to update..next day i update it, cant play?? neither can my mates...a Awesome game.. if you you can play it....."
,Recommended,594570,35290671,Posted: 29 September,all,thivaz,Again another great game by CA.
76561198050281505,Recommended,594570,35344683,Posted: 30 September,all,Toxigor,It's great.
76561198050007048,Recommended,594570,35337016,Posted: 30 September,all,Erotic thrust monkey,Great game cant wait for dlc
,Recommended,594570,35399241,Posted: 1 October,all,Human Error,"Wait and buy it on sale. It still needs some optimization and bug fixes.Also, this is something that annoyed me personally and probably won't be fixed, but the writing is really bad in some places. I realize they had to create a lot of text and they probably had a lot of different people contributing, but all over the place you see the wrong word being used (""from whence will it stop?"") and obvious little things like ""begs the question"" being used wrong. It's like reading fantasy fan fiction written by a kid. It's bad.Edit: Yes, I am well aware that most gamers don't care or don't even realize when the writing is bad. If it doesn't bother you, good for you. You don't need to leave a comment announcing that you don't read no good. I'm aware. Some people actually do notice and care, though, and I hope enough will speak up so game developers start hiring editors and actual competent writers at some point. It would be nice."
,Recommended,594570,35333678,Posted: 30 September,all,[#REKT]TopalSinek,"Dark elves :♥♥♥♥♥♥everbody!Skaven :♥♥♥♥♥♥EVERTHING and ANYTHING!High elves : We are fockin fabolous you filthy peasents.Lizardman : We have important♥♥♥♥♥♥to do, get out of our way you spoiled brats !"
,Recommended,594570,35506931,Posted: 5 October,all,Tactical,"I own TWW I so I can say that the game is an expansion packs for it who would of costed $25, added some new features $10 added some new races / factions / lords / units $14 = $49This game just charges your an extra $10!Only bad thing is that everything i cheat the AI does too :$Just but the damn game already! Stop reading more Non Sense ^^^^"
76561198297731798,Recommended,594570,35349872,Posted: 30 September,all,CAESAR,BEST STRATEGY EVER!
76561198051020214,Not Recommended,594570,35395026,Posted: 1 October,all,FancyDancing,"Oh the drama of the Total War series, the binary nature of its being. How can a game be a 0/10 and a 10/10 at the same time? Easy explanation: if no other total war existed, the two Warhammer Total wars would be 10/10, but because we experienced ROME, Shogun 2, and Medieval 2, we know we are being cheesed by corporate greed. Creative assembly constantly coming up with ways to please SEGA, from 18.99 DLC for one race, to a 2.99 charge or whatever for blood and gore in a universe that is rated M for mature. I understand Europe has more laws and restrictions on violent content because of their past, but why are the americans being CHARGED MONEY because of it. all of the bad things from TWW1 will be in the second as well. We will be micro transactioned to death, and they will have a GAME OF THE YEAR edition in 2 years that sells for full retail again as a rerelease. It is a proven model, and until the community unproved it, we will have games that have features removed for the sake of PROFIT. Remember medieval 2? almost anyone you beat, is then playable as a race on the main campaign. simple tiny features like that, which were removed for NO REASON OTHER THAN LAZINESS AND GREED, are what kill the new total wars. Remember naval battles? Remember custom armies? Custom General? Family Tree? Political intrigue and major events? Shogun 2 is the only total war title made in the 2010s that is worth a damn. Again if it were by itself and not related to all these other 10/10s, it would be 10/10, but because we are being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥BY SEGA by way of CREATIVE ASSEMBLY's compliance to corporate greed, it is a 0/10. i cannot give it a good grade in good concience, especially now that theyve split one game into 3 games as a cash grab, and reduced the historical games to historical events instead of entire time periods. so much for medieval 3. the success of total war warhammer has ruined the historical titles potential, and turned TW into a COD annual release."
76561198034972350,Recommended,594570,35257762,Posted: 28 September,all,Be'lal,Only one hour in and it's living up to the hype! Full review later - if I can pull myself away from the game!
,Not Recommended,594570,35306307,Posted: 29 September,all,PhluXx,"As a veteran Total War fan I'm very disappointed which is sad as I've been eagerly awaiting this release.It seems almost as if each new Total War title is an inferior product to the last, regarding innovating and improving on its predecessor. For example after Medieval 2: Total War, Creative Assembly seriously dumbed down the maps, cities, and battle locations. After Rome they seriously dumbed down the game mechanics and removed the ability to view settlements from a battle map-esque perspective, where you could see the populace wandering about, and feel the life behind what you're protecting and investing in. This game brings pretty much nothing new to the table which couldn't of been released as an addon or DLC with its predecessor Total War: Warhammer.  If you're not a hardcore Warhammer fan this game offers basically nothing new apart from a new campaign map, and only 4 new races, and a slight change in gameplay mechanics. All of the previous problems still remain such as poor AI etc.Aside from being probably the least inspired full price standalone Total War game. Total War: Warhammer 2 also runs like utter crap. I'm running on a PC with GTX980, i7-4790K, and 16GB of RAM, and this game still chugs when everything isn't maxed out at around a mid-30s frame rate. When I max everything out I'm hitting low 20's dispite latest drivers and being well above the recommended specifications. With in DX12 it's even worse.The graphics are also unremarkable with there being a very grainy effect and the anti-aliasing basically being unexistant. This game has so many ""jaggies"", this coupled with the colours and tones makes for a very grainy and hard on the eyes experience. Without looking at Total War: Warhammer and Warhammer 2 side by side I sincerely can't notice a graphics increase or what is responsible for such poor performance, and I say this as someone who recently played a lot of the first game. Nothing about the graphics or art style jumps out at me and makes me impressed or think they made a large step.This game seems like a serious cashgrab and something which doesn't warrant a standalone full-price release in my opinion. It's very lacking and ultimately I'm very disappointed. I believe it offers nothing to the hardcore or veteran Total War fan."
,Not Recommended,594570,35456963,Posted: 3 October,all,Existential_Theory,"So, where to begin, the game is overall good, just as the first one was, but none of the issues with the first game have been addressed, at all, the AI is still the worst AI in a total war game ive seen post shogun 2, the unit composition of the AI is the worst ive seen out of any total war ive played.What about the aspects of the game outside of the AI i hear you ask? well the map variety is still none existent, doesnt matter how many patterns of trees you have on a field, its still an open field with nothing unique, there are no river battles, or small town battles, and the seige battles are still the worst in the TW series as you are limited to a full frontal assault under fire from towers.The races themselfs dont feel overly fleshed out, especially the high elves, they feel so bland they make the empire of TWWH1 look interesting. but its not all doom and gloom, the game is more stable and handles higher volumes of troops on field at once, the campaign is somewhat enjoyable but somewhat linear now they have added the ""race for  the vortex"" objective, which is literally just a resource race, nothing special or interesting to it.Quest battles and the quest series have been streamlined so you dont have to arbitrarily move a random agent 3/4 the length of the map for a turn to continue, they are all objectives your faction should be doing passively as a by product of playing them such as dark elves ""collect X amount of slaves"".In conclusion the game is on par with the first one with some improvments, even if none are in the right places, my recomendation is wait for mods like steel faith to come and for the ""mega campaign"" to be unlocked before looking at the game again because right now, this game does nothing id call an advantage over TWWH1 other than the races themselves."
76561198007546840,Not Recommended,594570,35476078,Posted: 4 October,all,Elvis,"I can't play this game with this stupid camera angle on the campain map.It has too be fixed.I have played every total war game since the first shougun.I love this game series with right now it's almost completly unplayable.I will refund if this is not fixed before my deadline it over.I'm not alone on this, tons of forum postrs agree with me."
76561198046785904,Recommended,594570,35264060,Posted: 28 September,all,Piouhgd,9/10would have been 10 if they returned classical siege battles
,Recommended,594570,35257791,Posted: 28 September,all,Randolf O'hilla,its ok
76561198055975722,Recommended,594570,35413048,Posted: 2 October,all,Belakor,rdtg
,Recommended,594570,35298481,Posted: 29 September,all,Sniffy,Gud game11/10 would get ♥♥♥♥ed over by SEGA's DLC policies again.
,Recommended,594570,35264157,Posted: 28 September,all,Ne0,great banter
,Recommended,594570,35258018,Posted: 28 September,all,KORN,keep it up. i really need update
76561198046670583,Recommended,594570,35259479,Posted: 28 September,all,Eggthar,Yes.
,Not Recommended,594570,35387758,Posted: 1 October,all,✫✫✫~xLord-Leonx~✫✫✫,"An OK sequel, with tons of effort and TLC in it's design from CA's part, but it unfortunately feels more like a $60 expansion, then a second iterartion. When I first purchased Warhammer II, I was kina peeved at the fact that there are only four playable factions to choose from, but CA has outdone themselves and immenseloy fleshed out these factions, maps and campaign to help this game BARELY earn the right to be priced at $60. Though unfortunately, the units we were expecting to see and be able to play with on launch, will most likely be sold as DLC and cockteased AF untill you buy them. Now after knowing that parts of the original game were stripped out to be ♥♥♥♥♥d as DLC, you'd think the price tag it deserves would deteriorate, but you'd be wrong. There's too much content, effort, and time implemented into this game for it's price tag to decrease. and I'm having a lot of fun with it also(when it decides to stop being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and work). Yes that's right. The game runs like trash on my high end PC, and this isn't just my problem. Others are experincing the same issues. It takes FOREVER to load ANYTHING! Benchmarks at 27 FPS regardless of what settings you use, and it's not hard to see why. Although CA put a massive amount of DEV time in this game, Warhammer II was rushed to meet it's release date, to make up it's development costs. This is not the final product, and because of that. I cannot reccomend this game to you. In my opinion, save your money. I would wait untill a professional game reviwer like Angry Joe, etc gives you more insight that we could and the full spectrum of what this game has too offer. There is a great game hiding beneath this game's terrible performance. Wait until it's patched. Also if you go full retard and proclaim my review to be inadequate because I only have 1.5 hours of gametime. Know that you only have two hours of gametime to determine if this game is worth it's pricetag. You cannot get a refund after two hours of playtime, and unlike many other users here on steam, I value my hard earned money and care about what I'm spending it on."
76561197993434231,Recommended,594570,35304357,Posted: 29 September,all,Tapp,Excellent
,Recommended,594570,35304008,Posted: 29 September,all,Capt.ChopChop,BEST EVER
76561198033866805,Not Recommended,594570,35389846,Posted: 1 October,all,h0b0king,"I really want to give Warhammer II a glowing review - I enjoy the classice TotalWar gameplay, the new mechanics are much smoother then in Warhammer I and the factions and hero characterizations, while at time campy, are perfect for the dark humor that has always been inherent in the Warhammer Fantasy world (though increasingly abandoned in favor of a sort of macho posturing that takes itself far too seriously for a game with dinosaurs carrying lasers and insane goblin hanglider kamikazes).Sadly I can't write this review, because the game keeps breaking.  Now it's pretty stable when it runs - but it (and Warhammer I) have refused to run 9 times out of 10 since the Norcsa update. I expect after paying $60 for a AAA title with a brand new gaming laptop that I'll be able to get to the loading screen of the game at least 50% of the time.  I'd have sympathy if this was a new problem - but it's been persistent for over a month and CA hasn't even addressed it.  Yes there are work arounds, that sometimes work around.  Reinstalling, verifying the cache 2-8 times, going in and deleting files - they all work ocassionally - but I don't have an hour to try to get a brand new game to load.Not sure if this is a copy protection scheme gone wrong, a failure of the Steam interface, or something else - but it seems a real shame that such a good game is unlaunchable."
76561198036392159,Recommended,594570,35257116,Posted: 28 September,all,Respec,"Haven't had much time to play yet, but so far the game runs very smooth.  With a good unit variety and better animations than WH1"
,Not Recommended,594570,35277633,Posted: 28 September,all,Jagh,"The recommended requirements are understated. I have comparable configuration(only with gtx960 2gb), settings were autoconfigured to ""medium"" and even with them i had stutter and some graphical LOD-related glitches.Unfortunately have to refund."
,Not Recommended,594570,35270087,Posted: 28 September,all,Hate,"I have played this game for at least 5 hours even know it says .2. If you don't care about the 60$ price, then I would recommend this game if you are a Warhammer fan. There are lots of positive reviews... with the majority of them just saying ""I like lizards"" or ""omg I'm playing the Skaven."" If that's all you are interested in, then buy this. If you're looking for a TWW 2, I would say save your money this is just an expansion at best.This should be a 40$ Total War stand alone there is nothing in this game that makes me feel like its the 2nd version if they just would have added these factions with the old ones I would be more pleased. The majority of this games (skill, graphics, items, starting menu, menus, etc.) is a copy and paste(not even a courtesy reskin on most) except the new factions and their units.Pros-New units unique and they all have very distinct gameplay patterns-New factions campaign play is very distinct-New gameplay mechanics-The game gets more intense than the original TWW 1 especially near the end of the campaign, but it also has the downside of the enemy armies avoiding your armies to burn your♥♥♥♥♥♥that isn't guarded and then run all around the map so you can't get them.-Less spamming of agents-A more interesting Map (but it is completely oversized)-Fast forward button after you hit end turn.(but there are a ♥♥♥♥ ton of factions especially when you can only play 4 of them even know they have all the units from the old one in skrimish...).Cons-A lot of copy and paste skills. The Elf Mage Leader skills are 90% copied and paste from TWw1, and a lot of the other heroes have a lot of the same copied and paste skills. They didn't even have the decency to retexture the skills.-Graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥in 4k also beside the 4k for some reason they magnify everything in 4k, so the graphics get this really ugly distorted look and do they do not have the beautiful 4k crisp at like TW1 and arguably looks worse in 4k. Other than that the 4k graphics the graphics are the same as TWW 1.-4 Teams although being very distinct from each other it's not enough to feel like a new game I feel myself wanting to play the dwarfs, empire, orcs, chaos, bretonia, etc.-In all honesty, the new factions are cool, but there was nothing that refreshed me to want to play it until my eyes bleed. I felt like I have already played it 1000 times.- UI is hideous-Campaign AI and Unit Play EXACTLY like TWW1( I play on legendary if you do not and have found the ai challenging below legendary than this con is not for you.) they spam missle units to the point that they have 1-3 melee units and 15 missle units. you just get horses gg-The start of the campaign is so ♥♥♥♥ing boring you just face similar factions there is no diversity of races where you start.With this said I don't recommend this game until they merge the old campaign factions with the new. There is literally a ♥♥♥♥ton of factions that you can't play in the campaign so be prepared to have 2-3x as much DLC than TW1. I would say by this game when it's around $39.99 if you feel that 60$ is too much for four new factions and a new map."
,Recommended,594570,35258358,Posted: 28 September,all,Loathing_Lily,Good Game
76561198010495371,Not Recommended,594570,35436880,Posted: 2 October,all,RugMuncher,Loving the game but I updated my drivers and still giving me a notification to update them. On top of that I can't get more than 12 fps on map and 16 fps in battle. I am running a mid-high range computer so this is very frustrating. I'm hoping a patch comes through but till then the review is staying negative.
76561197994671795,Not Recommended,594570,35458579,Posted: 3 October,all,Dgate6117,Worth maybe 35$.Glorifed DLC
,Not Recommended,594570,35465008,Posted: 4 October,all,Mr Cheeki Breeki,"Good, but not worth the price in its current state.FFA Maps are tiny and only 3 of them. They are bad4 factions at launch......."
,Recommended,594570,35266352,Posted: 28 September,all,twitch.tv/exdeedee,Theres giant♥♥♥♥♥rats and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥dinosaurs 10/10
76561198090259845,Recommended,594570,35320407,Posted: 29 September,all,DovaFascist,LIzard Men are Kikes
76561198007457380,Recommended,594570,35266375,Posted: 28 September,all,Ooo_Get_You!,Absolutely fantastic. CA just keeps getting better and better.
76561198349998266,Recommended,594570,35266183,Posted: 28 September,all,The Guv'nor,GG
76561197998224735,Not Recommended,594570,35478582,Posted: 4 October,all,Dominus(),"Really enjoyed playing the first game and this really builds on it.The issue is that the game randomly crashes constantly and as a result is barely playable.Until they have patched this issue I would not bother, it just ruins the game and i had a lot of hype for this.Give it some time, as per with new releases they have not ironed out the bugs and there are obviously some optimisation issues given my rig's specs are far more than the system requirements to play this game.:("
76561198094453555,Not Recommended,594570,35425948,Posted: 2 October,all,SafetyDance,"The game is good overall, but at this pricing one would expect much better AI."
76561198129906603,Not Recommended,594570,35281763,Posted: 28 September,all,Please Wait...,"Oddly enough, CA is competing with itself. They lose all the value of their previous Warhammer title by releasing this as ""Warhammer 2"" and not ""The Chaos Tide Expansion.""Overall, it's what you would expect for a CA release right now.It feels rushed, by trying to differentiate itself from the Warhammer 1 series, when it didn't need to be different. My hope was that it would be a conclusion to Warhammer 1. Instead we are rushed into a new story that never really finishes the other story."
,Recommended,594570,35257393,Posted: 28 September,all,Nuclear Asshole,Truly amazing eating all the lizardfood.
76561198013303456,Not Recommended,594570,35384829,Posted: 1 October,all,Lewis,"The game is beautiful, but, as a devoted player of the franchise I was bitterly disappointed by the vast array of CTD's in both campaign, player battles, post-battle loading screens and incessant black screen/tearing issues that have plagued my attempts to play it.With over eight hours devoted to trying to play it, I have only achieved close to 2.Having followed the numerous guidance posts in the community I can confirm my hardware/software is not at fault. I would strongly advise allowing CA to finish the game, before purchasing it.I will be putting this down for a few months and come back to it when the much needed wave of patches are introduced.I look forward to playing the final product once accessible.03/10/17With some further research and further testing attempting to play, I have found out the following:-Running GPU's in SLI will cause chronic tearing/visual problems with this game. Deactivate SLI to play the game at a reduced capacity. We shouldn't have to, but it works.-NVIDIA  GPU's are struggling with both games. Rolling back to previous driver, and current game-ready driver behave exactly the same way.-Many of the workarounds suggested do work temporarily, if you have the patience to try each one and devote a half hour at the start of each session to make the game stable.-For those experiencing black-screen on start-up. I have found that ctrl-alt-del (Forcing the window to close) then reopening, allows you to access the game you've bought. ;)"
76561197980731871,Not Recommended,594570,35502298,Posted: 5 October,all,BeardedCrow,"I so desperately wanted to give this game a good review, and I can't due to unplayability.I burned through the first High Elves campaign, and had a great time.  Lots of lessons learned, as this was my first Total War game.  I immediatly rolled over into a Lizardmen campaign, and began applying those lessons wholesale.By turn 100 I had the game secured.  All I needed to do was camp and rack up some dough/armies for the endgame.  At turn 103 the game encountered an error and crashed.  Refused to reboot, even when taking the round a bout route of launching from the main menu, won't load in.After hours spent scouring the internet, following all of Sega's guides on ""fixing"" the error.  I've pretty much given up.  No launch game should have critical errors to the point it becomes literally unplayable.  60$ down the drain.I got a solid 22ish hours out of it, so not a terrible investment in today's AAA market.  Though, from everything I've read about Total War games, you should expect many 100's of hours (except here)."
76561197998014410,Recommended,594570,35258433,Posted: 28 September,all,Big Meng,Buy game man thing
76561198070622923,Not Recommended,594570,35307526,Posted: 29 September,all,chicken pie,The UI changes are better but still super long turn times and kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI. Would reccomend waiting for price to drop if you wanna buy this.
,Not Recommended,594570,35309623,Posted: 29 September,all,KritikaL,SERIOUSLY this game is so badly optomized constantly crashes on leaivng battles.. playing this multiplayer is almost impossible?!
,Not Recommended,594570,35277732,Posted: 28 September,all,Tak,Have to wait a month for Blood and Gore. Extremely unenjoyable without it
,Not Recommended,594570,35481689,Posted: 4 October,all,Derpy,Cant authenticate with Denuvo.
76561197966902727,Not Recommended,594570,35443462,Posted: 3 October,all,Menstrual Armageddon,"The campaign is a dull grind and has been copy/pasted for every race, much like in Dawn of War 3 expansions. It comes with far fewer races than WHTW: 4 as opposed to WHTW which had 5, not to mention later added sub factions. The map is dull, with far less tactical possibility and the story is an anaemic, uninspired thing hung limply on a campaign made of a single arbitrary objective. Honestly, this is a simple re-skin with a few mechanics jiggled slightly. More of a mod than a game. Oh, and they totally ignored fans' pleas for more than 2 players in multiplayer campaign.The ONLY reason to get this is if you have the most unbelievably powerful fetish for one of the races featured."
76561198258088545,Not Recommended,594570,35309023,Posted: 29 September,all,DanDaMan,10 times out of 10 Warhammer 2 has stopped working
76561198000963329,Not Recommended,594570,35325226,Posted: 29 September,all,Toke-ian,"I really want to like this game but I can't. Make a blood DLC maybe it would be tolerable. Needless to say I have 2.7 hours played on this and over 1000 on the first one (didn't close in the background) but still. I am replaying the Clan Angrund dwarf campaign (again). The color is right, the look is right, the battle is watchable and I will continue to give chances to #2 but right now it is a lil yawny."
76561198193086915,Not Recommended,594570,35293549,Posted: 29 September,all,low prio top shottaz,"Unless you are a warhammer fan, this is dogshit. Im a lifelong total war fan but i just got a refund this a step backwards not forwards, the whole idea for this game with that stupid swirling♥♥♥♥♥♥was a step backwards or in the wrong direction. Waiting on total war: modern warfare till then its pubg and dota.Im not mad just dissapointed, Creative assembly."
,Recommended,594570,35257698,Posted: 28 September,all,Carson,"Looks great, runs great, plays great, well♥♥♥♥♥♥ must be great!"
76561198206189349,Not Recommended,594570,35309221,Posted: 29 September,all,DwarfLord69,"if the archer spamming was fixed i would give a thumbs up but its so bad its game breaking and imertion ruining i was playing as clan pestilance and i came across a lizerdman faction to my north so far so good, i go to look at his army comp next turn and his army was 15 units of chamelion skinks and a couple of saurus, this is absolutly dreadful it is impossible to deal with this without taking heavy casualtys as the ai can simultaniously give every unit in its army a command every milisecound and can kite like a hacker on cocain in all directions while you send your troops to chase them one by one, even with the pause feature its rediculously difficult plz fixoh i almost forgot that the garrisons in this are laughable at best it makes it seem like every city has a few thousand occupants when if that where the case than everybody would be dead in weeks due to nonstop war i know im nitpicking but come on when a village is getting attacked you'd think there would be more than a couple hundred willing to fight concidering nearly every race in the game is bent on genocide and world domination"
76561198056280357,Not Recommended,594570,35377875,Posted: 1 October,all,patrickelens,"While I enjoyed the first part and played the hell out of it, part 2 with all the new broken mechanics that needs URGENT fixing makes the games unenjoyable and plain down unfair if you play the campaign, with the AI having the possibility to do what it wants without restrictions, you feel cheated the entire game. At this point do not bother wait until they fix the game."
76561198015487686,Not Recommended,594570,35293302,Posted: 29 September,all,TroubleMan,"Needs modsThe AI is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ screaming child who inherited a million dollars from his daddyThe end game (all the vortex BS) is not rewarding AT ALL. You just get your towns rekt and a ""congratulations u won""A 4 factions DLC for the price of 8  is quite possibly the most honest way to describe the game."
,Not Recommended,594570,35277226,Posted: 28 September,all,Rick Sanchez,"High elf unit roster♥♥♥♥♥♥poor - arrow, arrow/spear - spear - Heavy spear - Cav - Arrow cav. - Dragons save the day a little.So I will not endorse a future DLC spree, with no season pass for an accumulated sum of a new AAA game. Hooray!Blood and gore visuals not activated, again. A function already implemented into the game code - must be bought as a DLC.So I see that using non paid modders as a sleeping pillow for new and fresh content - that is better than CA content - will be the new normal.  Again HoorayThat was ""funny"" with TW:WH 1 - but really - rewarding a loyal fan base with this skeleton of a product leaves much for wanting - Like a game, you used to make em CA - what happened?God I wish Louen Leoncoeur was real, so he could declare a Errantry war upon CA."
76561198344573525,Not Recommended,594570,35283028,Posted: 28 September,all,nkotsch,"Okay, Day 2 review 15 hours (focused on dominating/winning/enjoying not focused on making a review) in:1) Love Total War2)Never knew Warhammer before TW:Warhammer1, still don't know Warhammer or tabletop, just playing as a TW game.Good)Huge map, there are basically 4 continents and after 15 hours I have discovered 1/2 of one continent.AI plays nicely/smoothly/fairly for the most part so far.A lot of new units/characteristics/attributes.Added loot locations where you can send an army if they are idle to earn some coin - I like it mostly.Bad)Content - Holy F it is so much of the same as TW:WH1.Hardware Useage - Although this is first week review.. the optimization blows!  OC'd Watercooled 1080ti and when in decent battles frames drop below 30fps! (3x1080p @ 60fps) on ultra.  I had to downgrade to High settings to keep it from looking like Nintendo 64.  Although just from playing and looking at usage/temps it seems to be CPU bound?  Open for comment or criticism but just my passive observation, not making graphs just playing the game and noticing some numbers.  CPU - Watercooled OC'd Ryzen 1800x.Controls/UI - Some definite abite minor UI improvements over TW:WH1.  That being said it is again SO CLOSE TO BEING THE EXACT SAME!  They added some more advanced controls for units on the battlefield I THINK, there was no 'advanced unit control' tutorial or mention that I noticed, only some comments on one of the loading screens seemed to point out some advanced changes ( for about 8 seconds worth of loading screen) - Again open for comment/criticism/further enlightenment on this.Trying to keep it to a short essay...If you have never played Total War or Played Total War but never got into WarhammerWith no past knowlege this game is great and fun and can suck the life out of you for months.I reccomendIF)You love total war and want to spend the money on something that is fun and not crap/brokenI reccomendIFFFFFFYou are afraid of spending a large chunk of money for an expansion of TW:WH1I DO NOT RECOMMENDComing from me personally, This game is SOOOOOOO  much of the same that it is an expansion of TW:WH1 BUT it is such a huge expansion with so much content that it is beyond DLC (maybe 2 years of planned incremental DLC but not one 'upgrade'.In the end I am makeing my recomendation as follows.New game never played should I get it: RecommendIs TW:WH2 a new game from TW:WH1 - nahIf you played 6 other Total War series games but not TW:WH1 - RecommendBy going SciFi they have unlocked that gates of posibillities and I enjoy that.  I will enjoy this game, I will lose a significant part of my productive life to this game but in the name of marketing, and the game industry pushing less content for more money This is a fail.  People should know that.  I am fortunatle enough to be able to bounce back from a 60 loss and go find somehting else if  I want to .  But for now this will be fun."
76561198018967070,Not Recommended,594570,35274145,Posted: 28 September,all,SalwaBizz,"OK, Won't play the game before they fix the disgusting sharpening effect, and also why am I getting worse performance than Warhammer I ? No, this is a thumbs down untill they fix graphix issues."
76561198069111752,Not Recommended,594570,35458433,Posted: 3 October,all,mrred,DONOT BUY THIS GAME U WILL KILL A FACTION THEN THE NEXT TURN THEY COME BK FROM THE DEAD AND TAKE BACK THE CITYS  YOU HAVE ALL READY TAKEN ITS NOT FUN  IT GET ANNOING FAST
76561198059393299,Not Recommended,594570,35277629,Posted: 28 September,all,SHRIKE,"I have over 350 hours in Warhammer 1. This game feels like a huge step backwards after playing with mods in Warhammer 1. It genuinely shocks me that CA (the developers) couldn't implement the most popular mods from the first game into the official features of this game. The mod I take for granted the most in the first game is the battle camera mod that allows me to zoom into the action fully; this mod is one of the most popular mods on the workshop (and yes I know modding tools will come out for Warhammer 2 eventually) but surely things which are this basic and clearly very popular, could be implemented in the base game without too much hassle from the developers.Also Seiges still suck, the Ai still sucks, and the game performs a lot worse than the first one.There are things I like about the game, but they are mainly the races (I really like all of them). This game is essentially an expansion for the first game. If you don't have someone to play Co-op Campaign, or if you don't really really like the campaign in Warhammer 1, I would wait until this is on sale.That said I will probably end up putting a ridiculous amount of hours into this once mortal empires is out."
76561198059173475,Not Recommended,594570,35478654,Posted: 4 October,all,brennan.s,I desperately want to play this game.I loved the first one.sadly though this game crashes almost every time I  play it.Give it a few months and hopefully they will have patched it.
,Not Recommended,594570,35265901,Posted: 28 September,all,Creativeworks,"As much as Im a fan of Warhammer - Same problems.Little depth, scaled right down compared to the other Total war titles. The map is tiny for the price BUT what really does it, much of the map is made up of water! NO naval battles allowed, why even bother make the game if you can't put Naval battles in a game where most of it is made around water.Not a great game, the modders will have to fix the game as they normally do. But nothing can fix some of whats wrong with this title.EDIT - This is not a sandbox title either, you will have a game over screen, you can not ignore the plot as play YOUR way!, You can not."
76561198134210899,Not Recommended,594570,35388630,Posted: 1 October,all,promethanus,"This is $60 Warhammer 1 DLC. How this took CA this long to build is beyond me.There's nothing ""new"" here. Absolutely nothing innovative. There are no new game mechanics.The battles are the same.The layout is the same: diplomacy screens, lord update screens, building tree, etc.The campaign map looks the same - yes, you have a ""new map"" but the optics mere carbon renderings from the original.Two of the classes are essentially reskins. The ""spin"" to this game is the votex, no pun intended. That is simply sad. Both Shogun and Rome were substantially reworked in their second coming. There is nothing worthy of a ""II"" next to this title.As a Total War fan since the original Shogun, I feel completely cheated with this release. I blame only myself - I saw this coming but didn't want to believe it. If this is the future of Total War - count me out. Please build a new game if you want us to pay $60. Please put the ""creative"" back in Creative Assembly."
,Not Recommended,594570,35322354,Posted: 29 September,all,CannonK,Total War: Warhammer 1.5
76561198144499986,Not Recommended,594570,35296283,Posted: 29 September,all,BulletProof316,"Great Game, Please fix the issues with the loss of the files because they make the game not start"
76561198037344869,Not Recommended,594570,35320975,Posted: 29 September,all,87th jjvoodoo,"Its ok, this is the most stable release we have seen in a while and i like the map but there are not nearly enough races to play as (which will be offered later to milk money from us) and it is still clinging on the various pitfalls that have been present since Rome 2. all in all its a pretty good game but as is its not worth the $60 price take, its more of a $40 so wait to buy when there is a steam sale going on."
,Not Recommended,594570,35323186,Posted: 29 September,all,Tomcarb19,"GAME IS GREAT!! BUT I will change my review when you fix the game's performance.Let´s see... with an i5 4690k, 8ram 2400, and a gtx 1070 8gb i always get 60 on ultra settings + SSAO + FXAA + screen refl ON.So... that is good? yes it is!BUT... i has afwul dips from 60 fps to 29/30 fps when... I zoom in the stellar/fire dragons, when someone cast some spell afecting a big amount of skaven units, and other situations...Fix that and you will have my upvote!I quote some reddit user:(...)""So essentially CA is doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥they've been doing in Attila. Take a reasonably optimized game, throw more♥♥♥♥♥♥on top of it until its not smooth unless you're the top 10% of hardware users. Not only that but they need to understand that ramming our processors so hard is a bad idea since processor tech moves in like 7% increments per gen unlike GPUs that move 30% per gen or something. Getting a 1080ti would do nothing. And upgrading my i7-3770k at 4.4ghz to an 8700k or something is in the books within this year but jesus christ. (...)"""
,Not Recommended,594570,35381629,Posted: 1 October,all,shigurui,"If you are a Warhammer AND Total War Fan, Wait with buying this game until the first DLC arrived. Especially Mortal Empires / Blood Mod. Or do it like me and preorder so you dont have to pay another 7 € for Norsca faction DLC if you decide one day you want to try them out. Still leaves a bitter taste because I paid for an incomplete game and supported this consumer unfriendly dlc system. Right now you get an underwhelming ""expansion"" with only 4 playable races ,NO BLOOD, and bad performance with bad graphics and bright colours that look worse than the first game. CA, I know we still throw our money at you so your scheme is working but:How about releasing a complete game for once?"
76561198161354349,Not Recommended,594570,35351031,Posted: 30 September,all,JustForScrubs,runs LIKE♥♥♥♥♥♥fix your game total war fix it been playing since rome 1 i have a 980 and i7 and 32 gigs of ram i should never have to deal with this fix it and fix it nowas of now i dont recommend
76561198007152858,Not Recommended,594570,35364073,Posted: 30 September,all,GhostlyTone,"What on earth were thinking putting an actual ending into the game, this is the first total war game that I've played that didn't let you keep going after you won or lost the game. I wasn't even paying attention to that whole vortex garbage, because all I care about was conquering the world. But then some one else finish it, and suddenly its over. Please some one tell me there is a way to fix this?"
76561198091726402,Not Recommended,594570,35484009,Posted: 4 October,all,Puppetmaster,"Note: Gameplay was done mostly on hard difficulty and will be compared to previous Total War titles for this review. Please read the full review, as this game is in an odd spot in regards to how I feel about it.So it's finally here,  the second ""game"" of the Warhammer spin-off by CA that's had people drooling, whining, ranting, and dancing with joy since it's reveal. (Possibly all at the same time for some) Just going to get this out of the way now: This is not a 9/10 quality game, maybe not even 7 or 8/10 for some.(Game critics be high as hell) It certainly isn't worth $60 in it's current form. It is a solid though, despite its flaws, and is worth a go through each of the factions at least once.Let's start of with the good things:-It's Warhammer and Total War-The models, spells, and effects look wonderful-Pretty good performance with an AMD 8320 processor, 580 radeon graphics card, and 16GB of ddr3 ram, no crashes or major bugs so far. Pretty sure this didn't get a day 1 patch either.......-Quest battles and story lines have been improved somewhat, in comparison to Total War Warhammer.-Massive map with tons of settlements.-The random spawns(Faction and sea exploration) and ruin explorations are a nice touch. Can either provide a great boon for you or throw a spanner into the works depending on how they're handled.The Bad:-AI still behaves like it was dropped on it's head at birth, force fed lead paint chips as a kid, and lobotomized as a final twist of cruelty. This presisted even on higher difficulties.-Like an abusive parent with a sadistic streak, CA tries to cover up the AI's flaws by letting it cheat it's way to victory. Gets very annoying when you're fighting two or three full stack armies from a faction with one or two minor settlements and no trade deals or raiding, while you can only field one army with 10 cities, and a few trade deals.  Only gets worse with higher difficulty.-Seige battles amd settlement battles are the same as Warhammer. Minor settlement battles still take place on open fields with occasional terrain changes and Cities with walls still have that one wall and towers with ridiculous range and damage. Some cities now have blindspots where you can park your army and take out a tower. AI is to stupid to take advantage of this and doing so yourself is so simple it feels like cheating. Pretty tempting to hit autoresolve, which is sad since siege battles are awesome from Medieval II to Attila.-Battle are way to short. Enemy units lose morale and run way to quickly. Most of your battles will last 5 minutes if you have a decent plan and a few solid units.-The Skaven is need buffed and the lizardmen need to be taken down a hair. When you're winning against the former with the latter while outnumbered on a 5:1 ratio you really start scratching your head.-UI changes weren't needed. You can't control the unit movement speed on the campaign map and AI movement is now controlled by a button on the UI instead of just hitting the spacebar. Very minor issue, haven't noticed any other UI changes.-Minor factions are pretty cookie cutter in appearance. Kinda sad when one faction across the ocean looks exactly the same as your ally right next door.Overall:First I'd like to point out that I do like this game. It can be rather satisfying at times despite it's many flaws. With that said,   almost every flaw I've stated existed in Total War Warhammer, or earlier in some cases, and the fact that they haven't been address just shows that Sega and CA aren't really interested in listening to customer feedback or fixing these issues.This along with the lack of playable factions, and announcement from CA stating there will be a patch/DLC for merging with the map and factions from Warhammer(provided you have the first game and it's DLC's) gives pretty valid claim to this being more of an expansion for Warhammer than a standalone game. There is more to that, but is a whole wall of text in itself.  While I'm going to not recommend the game in it's current state, I do recommend following both games and waiting for further developments and a sale.  Paying over $100 for both games and dlc can be pretty painful and just isn't worth it right now."
76561198045096918,Not Recommended,594570,35263892,Posted: 28 September,all,TataKhan,This game is overpriced and with the rest of the faction it will cost twice as much.Not worth it until its on sale and have mods.Very disappointed of the small map/few factions and that they are relaying on modders to make the game good.They Do not have manners and I hate them fkers.
,Not Recommended,594570,35298671,Posted: 29 September,all,aM.Knowing,"There is a german word that is very fitting for this game. ""Verschlimmbessern"" - Making something worse while making it better.Technically I should really like this game, but I cannot shake the feeling that its fundamentally worse than the first one, while improving upon so many things.I aways thought that TW:WH felt very much like total war, this one does not for some reason. To put my cricism a bit less esotheric:Everything feels like there has been a customer support mail complaining about a lack of accessibility for new players, on which they took action by spoon feeding every ♥♥♥♥ing aspect of the game to the player.The last time I felt this patronized by a game was ""HEY LISTEN!"" Ocarina of Time.The notifcations which will grind your game pace to a halt even if you are just skipping forward because you simply have to wait out some corruption or unrest. ""BUT A NEW QUEST!""You can no longer speed up AI turns by hitting the spacebar. You have to click the icon... EVERY TURN.The habitability mechanic I quiet like in concept, but thus far the only thing it does for me is bringing the ""fun"" of clearing the southern desert with vampire counts to other races.The AI still plays to maximize damage it does to your game, not to win for itself. Also YOUR AI allies are still useless. Start a new game, ally with someone else, oh look the useless allie is now dominating half of the map if let unchecked. In the old world I constantly tried to boost the north to help me against chaos and Norsca, but they easily get overrun by the smallest stack of beastmen years before the chaos even drops.Yet when I oppose them they suddenly squash the empire and march on me themselfs. (I'm not complaining about the difficulty, I'm complaining about dimplomacy being useless. Just smash everything with no questions asked) This is still the case in this game.The factions are great and rather unique from what I ve seen so far. Also the fact there are two flavours of dark elves is great and adds to the game quiet a bit.Graphics are great as always.Some units are missing as far as tabletop is concerned, which may be do to balancning issues, also there has to be room for improvement / further monetization. (Which I say without a negative connotation. I always found CAs pricing and release concept rather reasonalbe compare to paradox for example)ALTHOUGH this feels very much more like an overpriced DLC than a standalone game.Ultimativelly the question whether to buy TW:WH2 or not comes down to whether you really really want the new factions and are willing to drop 60 bugs on it or whether you have the first one.If havent got the first one and don't care for the factions, buy the first one instead. If you want to play the ""mortal empires"" campaign on release you need to have both anyways. Same goes for cross game PVP.I personally don't like it as much as the first one. It has most of the problems and none of the appeal (to me atleast)"
,Not Recommended,594570,35381070,Posted: 1 October,all,Jono,"Awesome game, easily better than no.1 but wtf is going on with head to head and coop campaign.Massive issues, crashes, getting kicked, huge delays on actions etc.No help from CA for three days now."
76561197973212630,Not Recommended,594570,35299871,Posted: 29 September,all,Tytos,"Not yet,BuggyNo Steam-workshop yetTerribly fast battle-paceNot even a barebones Araby roosterWait a bit, before buying this"
,Not Recommended,594570,35389871,Posted: 1 October,all,Kewolsky,"Personally found it very infuriating, I prefer classical RTS mechanics like there being no way to spawn full strength armies out of no where miles behind the lines."
76561198021417927,Not Recommended,594570,35464491,Posted: 3 October,all,71st_AH_J13Serenity,"Total war warhammer 1 is great.This one...well1. Performance is bad. First one runs maxed out everything perfectly fine, Warhammer 2 even with lower resolutions and graphics runs a lot worse. Especially on campaign map.2. Interface changes - I dont like them. Now every corner of the screen is swarmed with all kinds of buttons, numbers and flashing text.3. AI is terrible. Its like total war series use same AI from Rome total war 1. Really, just build one strong army and nothing will stop you ever...4. Combat is completely chaotic and hard to control. Animations of most of the units, especially when they are in combat is simple and no interaction is involved. In Rome 2, Napoleon, soldiers would actually fight with each other, hitting shields, and making those nice finishing moves. Here they just swing their weapons as it recharges and enemy just flies into the sky as it is killed.5. Generally Warhammer 2 is like playing Atilla after Rome 2. Drop in performance, weird and unresponcove troops, chaotic combat and nonexistant AI.I would refund the game if I could."
76561197993222842,Not Recommended,594570,35279543,Posted: 28 September,all,Grimm,I got bored of it in my first campaign by turn 42.
,Not Recommended,594570,35477187,Posted: 4 October,all,emjay,"A limited re-hash of the first, desperatly needed sea combat and offers nothing new to the franchise. I guess its going to then fleece you with constant DLC like the last few total wars.Such a shame."
76561198022222794,Not Recommended,594570,35393946,Posted: 1 October,all,Molly's Ringworm,This game is rather boring especially sense you only have 4 factions to chose from. Feels like a kinda resking of TWWH 1.Maybe with DLCs it will be better.  Not really worth $60 IMO.
76561198016732030,Not Recommended,594570,35394327,Posted: 1 October,all,Der Sieg,"I love total war, but this game's optimization is terrible. I ran Total War Warhammer I at ultra on 1440p no problem, but this game struggles to get 30fps. Only when I turn down basic settings or lower the resolution scale does the game maintain playable fps rates, but then it randomly crashes. I've asked for a refund. I'll check back in a few months to see if they've improved it. Buyer beware."
76561197963756342,Not Recommended,594570,35456182,Posted: 3 October,all,Lord Xel,"It is ""okay"" - but it is WORSE than Warhammer I.-AI is complete crap. Your units will often stop and stand still for no reason.-Sieges still boring, and settlement battles just added backdrops-Campaign is interesting, but it ends rather quick-Seems to have way worse optimization than Warhammer I.I am hoping the joint campaign will be based off of WH1 not WH2, as WH2 needs a lot of work to make it not terrible."
76561198018800908,Not Recommended,594570,35432209,Posted: 2 October,all,bysmith12,"$60 DLC, Thanks guys!"
76561198041719534,Not Recommended,594570,35428119,Posted: 2 October,all,Own U Then Bone U,"After updating my drivers, game crashes on any load screen when loading or starting new campaign. Can play any other game besides WH2. Please fix because this is getting ridiculous"
76561198089286949,Not Recommended,594570,35407870,Posted: 2 October,all,Гюнтер о'Дим,"The russian localization is very bad and made is lazy. Change a localizer.In a game inadequate names meet. Names Azur, Sigmara and some heroes are deformed. (Kvik headhunter became Kvik Gnawing the heads). Some places (the description of lines of supply as Empire and lizardmen for example) are just impudently copied from the first part of a game.All this says about dishonesty of a localizer and that to it to spit both on developers and on players of ru-community. Because of it I put a negative response. If SA listen, then I will change assessment (Because a game is good in itself)"
,Not Recommended,594570,35463813,Posted: 3 October,all,Chalkmaster9,"Honestly, its the exact same crap as Warhammer 1. Feels no different whatsoever. I am a Total War veteran with thousands of hours put into Rome 1, 2, Empire, Atilla, Shogun, etc. It really bothers me that this title has been focused on so heavily and this game feels like it was developed by an entirely different set of people. The ""strategy"" has been completely taken out of ""strategy games"" and now feels like just a damn pretty artsy drawing with little meaning and all this made up lore. I have no problem with the fact that this is a fantasy title. I have problems with how boring this game is compared to other Total War titles. This is an enormous drop in strategy gameplay traded off for some extravagant graphic design and lore friendly artwork. The game mechanics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Leave it at that. Buy this game if you like looking at pretty shiny pictures. Not for the veteran strategist. 6 hours and had enough of the same boring♥♥♥♥♥♥Warhammer 1 offered. What a waste of time when you could've been developing an amazing Medieval 3 or possibly even a Victoria era title that would have been a killer with the community. If you're looking for a good new fantasy game, go buyDivinity: Original Sin 2 instead of this. 10000000000000x better content."
76561198047282757,Not Recommended,594570,35270137,Posted: 28 September,all,mr. eff,"I do not recommend buying this game in its current state. Emphatically.I have been having issues ranging from a black screen at random during gameplay, the same screen flicker that occurred during the ORIGINAL Warhammer, and just now my mouse cursor decided it was going to act as though it were being wielded by Michael J. Fox.My system roughly triples the requirements and I am not stressing it by maxing out the settings. All drivers updated.Is it better optimized than its predecessor?  SURE!  If you can get past all the bugs to even play the damn thing!tl;dr Just another incomplete piece of garbage, courtesy of CA."
,Not Recommended,594570,35283265,Posted: 28 September,all,TheEstabanKing,"Seems like a good game. Standard Total War title and is a good sequel to Warhammer I. The one problem is I can't play it. I have a 980 graphics card and can play Warhammer I with almost everything on high and ultra. This game, however, crashes every other turn. One specific army I cannot move without the game crashing. I restarted a campaign on turn ~20 because I couldn't end the turn without it crashing. Now it's doing the same thing on turn 43. I set all the graphic to the lowest setting possible (including resolution, yes I could nearly count the pixels) and it still cannot make it past turn 43. Maybe in the future when they fix these game breaking bugs and actually optimize the game I might recommend it but at this point its been a headache to deal with all day so I cannot say to anyone, with a clear conscience, to get this game."
76561198041548695,Not Recommended,594570,35268626,Posted: 28 September,all,WarDaddy,"Only 4 factions to play with is really disapointing, the gamplay just felt differnt to the rest of the total war series"
,Not Recommended,594570,35356457,Posted: 30 September,all,bkond966,"I don't think I'll ever buy another Total War game again... My computer is a solid gaming computer and Rome II crashed multiple times during campaign play and now Warhammer II crashes during campaign play. It is ridiculous. Only games to ever crash on my system.Total War games are fun, but not worth the frustration."
76561197991632103,Not Recommended,594570,35357868,Posted: 30 September,all,oilcan420,"Will be a great game in a couple of months when they update the game.  The unit rosters are very basic, the graphics are sub par, and once you get your first providence you have everything unlocked that can be unlocked,Edit to first review.Going to list out a better pro vs conPro:-Love the new map layouts for the battles.-Like the new map/game mode.-Love the new races-Very excited to see what the Radius(and other) mods look like on here and the evolution the game will take with mods.Cons:-Felt the rosters are way to off balanced,  To many nonviable units.. Felt like I was just stacking my army with the same 5 units types because the rest where trash-Felt that the graphics are a bit sub par.-Due to the roster issue stated above what ever army you had or had fought in round 30-40 would be what you saw for the rest of the game making the long haul of the game very repetitive."
,Not Recommended,594570,35494857,Posted: 5 October,all,Tikigod,"/*EDIT ADDITIONPlaying around some more trying to fix the campaign map problems, after disabling SSAO, switching particle quality to low and setting texture settings to medium, I've gone 2 solid hours without any crashes when loading into the campaign map view.Also noted that loading times into the campaign map are vastly improved. I've not yet fully tested if it's just one of the options acting as the root cause of the memory issues with the campaign map or if the cause was something else entirely (Likely suspect would be poor SSAO implementation). But given the stated specs for the game having to disable and downscale such options just to get the campaign map to load without potential crashes is still a clear sign of poor optimisation and could cause the game to provide significant problems for people not using current GPUs but would technically still be within stated min/recommended specifications.As such the review is still being kept as a not recommended as whilst I've worked around the issue for my specific situation, the number of people having issues with the campaign map means recommending other people grab the game would be somewhat premature.END OF EDIT*/Whilst this should be a clear recommendation for anyone who enjoys Total War games or likes the first TW: Warhammer game (It plays exactly like the first game, just with different factions and a new campaign map and condition rules), sadly I can't recommend this to anyone due to how horrible the campaign map performance is even on machines well above recommended specs let alone minimum, and some other clear signs of lack of optimisation and QA effort.I have 16GB RAM and a 4GB RX 470x, and initially was unable to even load up a new campaign as after a long load process the game would crash triggering a Windows error citing a ""Lack of available memory"" even when outside of the game I had more than 70% memory unallocated, a bit of poking around found one potential cause is that the poor optimisation behind the game and the campaign map means it doesn't play well with some passive software like replay/recording aspects both AMD and Nvidia include in their driver software suites... turning them off at least allowed me to finally start a new campaign and load into the campaign map after a long wait.However loading a saved game or finishing a battle to return to the campaign map still on several occasions causes the game to crash with the same lack of available memory message being triggered by the OS, when again there's very few processes/services consuming memory and it's just this game having really shoddy memory utilisation issues when it comes to handling the campaign map.Outside of the campaign map the game runs smooth and has absolutely no problems what so ever, battles even with two extremely large armies run at high FPS, and battles load quickly and effortlessly, but once the battle is over there's the constant possibility that the game is going to fail to load back into the campaign map, making it very difficult to put up with the current state of the game.On top of this, if you have a display that operates above 144hz you HAVE to set your refresh rate to 144hz or less otherwise the game will only manage to display the initial legal/copyright splash screen. It will continue to load the various intro videos and even load the main menu... but all you will see is the same initial legal splash screen until you set your display to 144hz or less... why? Who the frell knows. It's a really bizarre one, but illustrates just how poorly optimised and tested a lot of the game was before it was shipped out.I'm confident one day it'll be ready to actually be called a released game, but what they shipped as 1.0 is definitely not a proper release. It feels more like some ambitious expansion pack for the original game that tried to duct tape more onto the initial framework than it could support but then hit a deadline so was just pushed out the door to be developed properly over the coming months."
76561197990504402,Not Recommended,594570,35259458,Posted: 28 September,all,AmericaFirst,"Launch review: Game needs mods.I've played several launches, Shogun 2, Rome 2, Warhammer 1, and now Warhammer 2. It seems that after all these years CA is incapable of learning from previous critiques. The game isnt terrible, it's just... not polished. It's difficult to afford second/third armies forcing you to have one army to conquer and to constantly have to return to clean up rebellions (legendary problems -8 unrest). It's tedious. Additionally, I've played through about 15-20 battles now, and not one of them was even remotely a contest, even on legendary where they are buffed. It's boring right now.Give the game a shot in 6 months or so once mods start getting fleshed out, until then the game is not worth $60 dollars in my opinion. If you dont have Warhammer 1, get that instead until they fix this one."
76561198291267774,Not Recommended,594570,35396954,Posted: 1 October,all,Blame,"A very good game in my opnion, its not worth the asking plrice when all it is is a dlc for the other game we all loved"
,Recommended,594570,35256855,Posted: 28 September,all,The Laughing God,another 1400 hours of warhammer.
,Not Recommended,594570,35473447,Posted: 4 October,all,Disconnected,AI is still janky. Wait for patch.
76561198344350679,Not Recommended,594570,35481843,Posted: 4 October,all,warsawsauce,"this game is really amazing considering i only got to play it for less that two hours. Unfortunately i faced a bug with this game that pretty much left me with a really negative experience with the game. The game worked fine when it did work on my system. but what i encountered was a bug that doesnt let me start up the game. i searched online and even tried all the methods that they posted on their support website but the game didnt work. I did uninstall and reinstall the game and it did start up after the fresh reinstall but now doesnt start up. im unistalling and asking for a refund.So considering the game was amazing when i did get to play it imagine how i feel now that i now dont get to play this game, have to wait for my money to be refunded and cannot but another game to make me less salty. so now my days off of work are wasted, all the hype i anticpated fizzled away and now im never buying another one of these companys products again because they dont even care about the small fans like me who got shafted hard by a bug that wont let you play the game."
76561198105177403,Not Recommended,594570,35339052,Posted: 30 September,all,Sikocbrayt,game is broken and unfinished dont waste your money wait for a patch.
76561198085743284,Not Recommended,594570,35501667,Posted: 5 October,all,Sinred,"The game is awesome, all the factions the quests, the battles, and we have dinosaurs riding bigger dinosaurs,BUT, i think that the game over that can happen even if you have the biggest empire, is kind frustrating and put a unnecessary pressure on the player to stop another faction that is in another continent, it's so unfair.i put a postive recomendation and they launch a patch do put an option on the ritual eventual loss of the campaign."
,Not Recommended,594570,35396898,Posted: 1 October,all,Danger Dangle,"Other than a few UI changes and different factions, I'm struggling to find any real differences between the two. Minus the exclusion of many of the enemy races once again (which are undoubtedly going to be sold as DLC... which is par for the course) there's really not much difference. I feel like they abandoned TWWH1 way too early... Why couldnt the UI changes be added in a patch? Why couldnt Lizardmen and the other new races be added in a DLC? It feels like more of an exapansion than a new game... which begs to question, wtf did I pay $60 for? Fewer races, new maps, and a couple UI changes? Was it worth it? Not for me... but that's for you to decide.I have the same gripe I had with the first; Of the 4 available races there are 2 different leaders available for each and only one of them has a scripted introduction... So again, they half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it. Optimization is also an issue. And as I've already mentioned I'm particularly annoyed that human, dwarf, and greenskin races (there are probably more, but I havent played much) are in the game... but you can't play them AT ALL. So you can bet your♥♥♥♥♥they're going to sell those races back to us in a couple months. Formations also have made it into the game... something that available as far back as TWME1. Also I'm a bit frustrated that alt-tabbing often times locks up the game... which happened to me at which point I just walked away and went to bed. I then wake up to see I've logged 16 hours and refunds are no longer an option (not that I would have necessarily... but again, it is no longer an option).I wish I could make this something like a 3 star review as opposed to a flat out ""Do or Don't buy"" but in order to make people aware of the issues, or should I say ""the lack of change"" I guess I'll give it a ""no"",  This is basially a $60 expansion without the expansion and another obvious attempt at boosting sales with minimal effort put in to it's development. It feels like more of a reskin... which is fine if I weren't losing access to all of the content (which you have to gain by purchasing DLC) I had in the 1st iteration. It's a good game and will get better with DLC, but I think that's only the case if you haven't played the 1st one. There's literaly no reason, other than money, that they couldnt have added these races to the 1st, made the UI changes, and continued to support the first game for a couple more years.I'm dissapointed."
76561198081500014,Not Recommended,594570,35352656,Posted: 30 September,all,osbornezt15,I thought it was going to add on to the existing game not be a stand alone game. Very disapointed
76561198081581433,Not Recommended,594570,35279415,Posted: 28 September,all,SSpongey,Quite holding my ***ing hand and forcing tutorials.  Let me change my graphic settings before FORCING me to contiuously pressing escape just to open the ***ing menu.DONT FORCE me to choose skills I DONT WANT TO SPEND POINTS YET. LET ME OPEN THE MENU TO SAVE MY GAMEAll you do is force people to skip all this completely uuneeded dialouge. Holy ********ing learn from the past.   If I see Blood DLC I'm done with your company and your games.**** sakeLET ME TILT MY ****ing Campaign Map Camera for **** sake
76561198035025141,Not Recommended,594570,35356201,Posted: 30 September,all,Nullboose,"Feels like a large expansion. Also no Orks as of the release.edit: It's not that I'm not enjoying it, its just not worth 60 dollars."
76561197969343327,Not Recommended,594570,35430103,Posted: 2 October,all,Asteraf,Cannot even play the game. Freezes/Crashes upon loading into a campaign. Refunded because of this. I'll update my review when it goes on sale.Not paying full price for a game that won't even run at launch.
76561198027392298,Not Recommended,594570,35439048,Posted: 3 October,all,jacobverissimo,im so sick of buying total war games and putting them on ultra only to still be 450$ behind the recommended graphics card...im returning the game until i have a nasa computer.
,Not Recommended,594570,35401783,Posted: 1 October,all,Zerga,"The game is great, but there is a visual glitch, at least for me, that resembles a strobe light that will not stop. This is a very dangerous glitch for a game to have, and luckily i do not suffer from epileptic seizures because this visual strobe would certainly affect this. The entire map continually flashes and isnt remedied by restarting the game or my computer.Please patch this, as this makes the screen hard to look at and is ruining the experience of an otherwise great game."
76561198012741166,Not Recommended,594570,35280661,Posted: 28 September,all,mmathias,"If you like the first one, you'll like this one. If you don't like the first one (like myself), then don't buy it. Tested it for an hour to realize there is nothing new here, more of the same TWW experience. Looking forward to the next historical release."
76561197983310052,Not Recommended,594570,35504414,Posted: 5 October,all,BEEP BEEP Ritchie,Basically an expansion at full price. Campaign only has 3 different races that all play the same.Only big change is a few creature comforts and the maps aren't all totally flat now.Not worth the price for the amount of content.
76561198006592490,Not Recommended,594570,35425452,Posted: 2 October,all,pain au chocolat,£40 for the same buggy mess as the last game
,Not Recommended,594570,35384498,Posted: 1 October,all,MeFirst,It is most likely a good game but the performance of the game is very bad. This is quite shocking since the first game ran fine.I can not recommend the game it 's current state. I suggest to wait until the problems are fixed.
76561198042917106,Not Recommended,594570,35505642,Posted: 5 October,all,Willow,"UNFINISHED! The game at it's current state is a bad joke. Only four playable factions with a very poorly balanced campaign, not to mention the unbalanced, underpowered and/or owerpowered units. Would you go with the Dark Elves for example, and try their campaign, you will be constantly overrun by Chaos, Skaven, Beastmen and Norsca, until you eventually take out all of these factions.Many people think this ik ""OK"" since ""the DLC's will bring more to the game""...But releasing a game so unfinished, so unbalanced and lacking is just a huge slap in the face to any dedicated Warhammer fangroup and strategy game lover.Do not buy this game (yet) as it is simply bad and lacking content. Wait for the upcoming DLC's and the new campaign...I hate hating this game, since I was really looking forward to it, but what they've brought us here is simply not acceptable."
76561197972255372,Recommended,594570,35256485,Posted: 28 September,all,Thrillhouse,Just opened game.....10/10 would open again
76561198081951738,Not Recommended,594570,35499977,Posted: 5 October,all,Cyröll,Great total war warhammer 1 DLC
,Not Recommended,594570,35265861,Posted: 28 September,all,Psychonaut,"Runs even worse than the last game, i7 4.0ghz quad core, GTX 1080 at 1440p, 16gbs 2444mhz RAM, can barely hold 50fps with AA off and everything on high. Not really acceptable when the game looks this terrible. Refund."
76561198036792128,Not Recommended,594570,35382449,Posted: 1 October,all,The Bearded Nun,"Same game, different day. Horrifying cheating AI and attrocious optimization.I love total war games, but I'll be shelfing as per standard until mods start rolling out."
76561198037921985,Not Recommended,594570,35266077,Posted: 28 September,all,The Dairy Devil,"Poorly optimized big doo-doo release, wait till patched."
,Not Recommended,594570,35282694,Posted: 28 September,all,Fabled,"WHAT A MISERABLE WASTE OF MONEY, such a ""f-u"" to the fans never have i seen such belittling to a fanbase. Creative assembly ignored the fans and went souly for profit making a peice of un refined, lazy, mess of a game go buy the first on humble bundle instead of this 70$ waste of a game. it feals like a♥♥♥♥♥♥vesrion of the first with less content and a belittling feeling when playing to say that the first had twice asmuch content i can say that there should be a boycott to get the game we deserve let alone paid for (drops mic)BOYCOTT TIME sega and creative assembly are going to pay for this disrespect and underpayment they gave us"
,Not Recommended,594570,35379349,Posted: 1 October,all,Lion Heart,Runs like absolute trash on a moderately good system
76561198304342961,Recommended,594570,35256943,Posted: 28 September,all,Weeaboo_Warrior,"it is a good game but they just need to fix the servers and thats about it, that ive noticed."
76561198344091389,Not Recommended,594570,35360891,Posted: 30 September,all,Cam Siegel,"Games take a while to load, i enjoy warhammer but this was too much for me :("
76561198045819656,Not Recommended,594570,35456893,Posted: 3 October,all,coolkeven,"So I have the most high end mac computer on the market, its fully updated and everything. The game runs really bad, This is a no go."
76561198012739438,Not Recommended,594570,35340968,Posted: 30 September,all,eaglesrock22,"I am incredibely dissapointed with the launch of this game.  I pre-ordered TW W2 and was very excited to play it.  However, after trying to run it I was unable to get past the initial launch screen.  Apparently this is a known issue with a number of players.  I thought ""ok I'll cut them some slack, they'll get this resolved quickly. surely they don't want people who payed $60 sitting and waiting around not being able to play the game"".  I was wrong; it has been 3 days and still no fixes.  There is not even a phone number to call or any helpful customer service whatsoever.  The game looks fun but this is a poorly run company and quite frankly they don't deserve our money if they treat their customers so poorly.  Incredibely frustrated"
76561198222161328,Not Recommended,594570,35306533,Posted: 29 September,all,天意怜幽草,玩了这段时间，感觉画质方面优化存在问题，同样的显卡，玩战锤1画质非常好，战锤2经过调整画面，战斗画面也还可以，但是战略地图真是不行，太不难接受了，而且战略地图比较卡，喜欢官方进行优化，否则我觉得我亏了
,Not Recommended,594570,35509250,Posted: 5 October,all,Le Chevalier d'argent,"SEGA are being very capitalistic with the DLC for the game, the game only has 4 races unlocked. High and dark elves, skaven and lizardmen. No doubt they will charge $100 for the full game which is dispicable to say the least."
76561198092724182,Recommended,594570,35279148,Posted: 28 September,all,Siarin(FN-3666),"Very enjoyable game other than one major issue; on a medium difficulty game, around turn thirty, a dark elf/chaos rogue army spawned, containing exclusively high-tier units, including 6 chosen, 3 bolt throwers, and 2 dragons. they were automatically strength rank 1. I of course made a non-agression immediately. despite this, they immediatley attacked a settlement and razed it. i attempted to destroy them, but with 2 fairly good armies, in an ambush, it was still an impossible battle. Neither autoresolve nor personal command were at all successful, and all other strategies pursued were failures. The appearance of such an overpowered army is game breaking; it unavoidably ended that campaign. Please fix CA, this is extremely frustrating."
76561198067264610,Not Recommended,594570,35460213,Posted: 3 October,all,mash1189,everytime i play this game i like it until chaos comes and ruins the game for me.can get my money back played to many hours trying to figure out how to beat chaos.♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,594570,35256423,Posted: 28 September,all,"SOUPS ON ME, BABY",FROGGOS ARE GODOS
,Not Recommended,594570,35365289,Posted: 30 September,all,Donald J. Trump (Golden),"i am too lazy to write a review, but this game is bad - frustratingly so. Each campaig is broken (from high elves having to conquer all the small elvish natiions of ulthuan because the AI refuses to confederate to Skaven being unable to auto-resolve) it just feels like a cash-grab. I absolutely refuse to believe that CA actually playtested this♥♥♥♥♥♥ or is enjoying this skavenslave of a game. Don't waste your time on this♥♥♥♥♥♥before the mods are enabled, it's impossible to play it without them"
76561198057662178,Not Recommended,594570,35467093,Posted: 4 October,all,Trondheim,"If you like shoehorned mechanics and repetative battels with litle tactical requierments this is the game to get, that alongside the absolute worst diplomatic system in the history of Total war added to the hopeless settelment and siege battels as well. Now if this was an expansion I could forgive these shortcomings as there are moments where this game really shines but not when they have the nerve to demand full price for what is more or less a half finished game"
76561198119042364,Not Recommended,594570,35394513,Posted: 1 October,all,NoTofuHere,Granted my play time is very short. I instantly felt the quality of the graphics were cheap compared to previous Total Wars. I'll stick to playing the previous Total Wars if I feel like playing a TW game for the time being.
76561197990621268,Not Recommended,594570,35364877,Posted: 30 September,all,SixFour,stuck on initial screen
76561198030347842,Not Recommended,594570,35268327,Posted: 28 September,all,VikingStone,This game is the worst! I wasted like an hour getting though the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tutorial just so i can get completely destroyed in the 8th turn on the first mission. They had 15 stacks of units by 8th turn wtf! i cant even make 10 units yet. I was barley finshed with tutorial. A whole lot of useless explain just to get ♥♥♥♥ed up on normal on 8th turn in.  Not fun.
76561197984153498,Not Recommended,594570,35281300,Posted: 28 September,all,Pete_Peter_Peterson,"Single wall sieges again, no settlement sieges again. Lackluster / almost empty faction rosters again. Reasonably boring mechanics in regards to economy, vanilla will only allow you to man 3 stacks (if that) of not even elite troops about 60 turns in.Broken vampiric corruption again (how did you not learn the first time?) mid-game you'll get rekt by attrition no matter how hard you build to combat it. 9/10 times in a camp Strygoi will be dominating (solely because of the vampiric corruption issue, just like vamp counts in the first).I really want to know where the money is put in, because this is an expansion, not a new base game. With all that said, ANYONE WHO IS NEW TO TW WHO IS READING THIS. Maybe consider buying it when workshop is out, the mod community are better than the devs at their job and they do it for FREE.And pleeeaaaassseee fix Vamp Corruption devs, it's not even funny. Especially when you should have learned the first time when A.I. Vamp Counts take 50% of old world mid-game, completely destroy the supposed Chaos threat on their own. IT'S BORING, it makes EVERY camp the god damn same.Oh and lastly, those '2 stack' Chaos that come for you when you do a ritual, actually make them somewhat challenging ?And to C.A., hurry up and do your conjoining of the old world and new world, polish it, release the workshop for the modding community so we can have the game we deserve AND THEN LEAVE IT ALONE.Peace."
76561198138323158,Not Recommended,594570,35348809,Posted: 30 September,all,Thelonious Monk,"i want to recomend this but i just cant, wait for a sale this should of been an expansion not a sepret game which will be configured in a few weeks to mesh with the first"
76561198058699167,Recommended,594570,35256717,Posted: 28 September,all,Adoring Fan,"The High Elf goes... Squeek Squeek!The Dark Elf goes... Squeek Squeek!The Lizard Man goes... Squeek Squeek!The Rat Man goes... Hey, where did it g-!This REVIEW has been REMOVED do to containing Heresy. If you've read the entirety of this review, please report to your nearest Inquisitor right away for 'cleansing'.The Emperor protects."
76561198179322017,Not Recommended,594570,35318817,Posted: 29 September,all,Original AI,Is it a DLC of war hammer I ???
,Not Recommended,594570,35379290,Posted: 1 October,all,Evil Apple,"Unskipable tutorial, huge loading times. Interface changes are different, some ok, but others make no sence. Why they moved event screen to the right?Lots of little things that made me angry. Gameplay-wise it is still great game thought. But... some changes are frustrating..."
,Not Recommended,594570,35358273,Posted: 30 September,all,Puciek,"1080TI, 4770k (both OCed), and on ultra with 3440x1440 resolution campaign map and anything but the tinies battle cannot hold 60fps. Nope, thanks."
76561198397508632,Not Recommended,594570,35311577,Posted: 29 September,all,lotrbufmuf,"constantly crashes on medium settings, I have a very modern pc that can run many games execpt total war warhammer 1 and 2"
76561198007491852,Not Recommended,594570,35376527,Posted: 1 October,all,Coprophagus,"Don't believe the hype.  This game is not an improvement.  The graphics are smoother and crisper in WH1.  There are more races to play in WH1 and, quite frankly, the game is more enjoyable in WH1 because you are not totally confined to one plot line.  If you do not start on the Nexus ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, you are completely wasting your time.The economy of the game is in need of a massive overhaul.  It is very expensive to field more than two armies.  However, the way that the chaos armies start to just pop out of no where is completely unbalanced if you are limited to just two armies.Honestly, this game has made me more interested in going back to playing 1 than dragging myself thoguh the turns with 2.  Not worth buying for $60.  $25...maybe, but not $60."
76561198080241579,Not Recommended,594570,35282244,Posted: 28 September,all,Whatever,They totally messed up the map. How is it possible that they cant even get this right?
76561198024583295,Not Recommended,594570,35310261,Posted: 29 September,all,Kingsman,"I've always been a fan of Shogun the combat feels more gritty and human and realistic, with this game the colour scheme makes them all look like little toys and they are just aimlessly jabbing spears with no reactions...Load times were pretty long and I had no idea WTF was going on when they kept talking about the lore.For the price if you're just a casual like me I fully don't recommend the game."
,Recommended,594570,35256925,Posted: 28 September,all,Derpator,"Holy f*cking sh*t,It’s a Dinosaur!Jesus Christ – What the f*ck!?Oh my f*cking god,f*cking Dinosaurs!Holy sh*t – what the fuuuuuuuuuuckkkkkkkk!!!!"
76561198115329145,Not Recommended,594570,35317383,Posted: 29 September,all,LittleSmart,Can't even run this game!!!!! I can't get into the menu.
,Not Recommended,594570,35356694,Posted: 30 September,all,Floki,"I love this game, and would happily give it a thumbs up but the optimisation is disgusting. the game freezes every few second even on low quality, and the laptop isn t the problem."
76561198006589172,Not Recommended,594570,35266638,Posted: 28 September,all,Francis,"Horrible balance, bad optimazation, lots and lots of bugs. Can not recomend this game at all."
76561198033743232,Not Recommended,594570,35261064,Posted: 28 September,all,Honest Eagle,no mod capabilities :(
,Recommended,594570,35256614,Posted: 28 September,all,Th3_Kool_Aid_Man,Total War + Magic + Dinosaurs = Buy this game
76561198010199565,Not Recommended,594570,35364631,Posted: 30 September,all,Mannschaft,Bought it for the grand campaign which was promised but not present in game.-EDIT UPDATE- Guys guys guys. This is MY review. I promised the company a good review but have decided to add it later as a free DLC. Your posts will all be deleted without reading them. I honestly and literally do not give a flying feck what you have to say about this game or my review. You're just pixels on a screen to me. Stop crying. Stop reading bad reviews just to find someone to argue with. I'm not that type of girl.Go white knight elsewhere. Kthx.
76561198348563707,Not Recommended,594570,35479332,Posted: 4 October,all,Tourette's Guy,meh
,Not Recommended,594570,35265095,Posted: 28 September,all,Varakh,"Same Damn problems.. Trivial Battle AI, Poor Ai army comps. Garrisons are useless. Autoresolve always wins.Once Again, Waiting for modders to fix the game."
76561198017223243,Not Recommended,594570,35508499,Posted: 5 October,all,tekglow,"lame for a game so expensive , 71.99$worth maybe 20 bucks."
,Not Recommended,594570,35258885,Posted: 28 September,all,Kerry,"I like everything of this game until i realized that there was no blood effect at all.So, Sega, i guess you will drink our blood like you did with the first one. Greed, greed never change"
,Not Recommended,594570,35257184,Posted: 28 September,all,NegroCaucasian,"Literally a ♥♥♥♥ing overhyped mod to warhammer 1, after playing this i realize the reason they removed the editor was not for copyright purposes but that so you would have to buy these four factions and lands; when if complete mod tools were introduced there would be all 10 8th edition factions, plus cathay, araby and ♥♥♥♥ing GONDOR around 3 months after the first total war came out. At release the game isn't even compatible with the first game and its factions. Real ashamed because warhammer 1 was my favorite in the series (first one i spent more than 10 hours on other than Rome 1 and Medieval 2). It not being compatible with the first game at launch is really unacceptable and I will not be spending $50 on the third one in the series, and most likely won't get all the DLCS for this one (spent around $50 on the last games DLCs). CA is just money grubbing at this point."
76561198423483375,Not Recommended,594570,35356811,Posted: 30 September,all,alcapone,"- Unoptimized.- ""Total War: WARHAMMER II"" Has stopped working."
,Not Recommended,594570,35487203,Posted: 4 October,all,Last Order,"Awesome game. I really like the new factions that came out in Warhammer 2, they're all very unique."
,Not Recommended,594570,35491568,Posted: 5 October,all,Hohenzollern,"It crashed in the final moments of the final battle. I dont care about the mechanichs or the visuals, if it crashes in the final god damn battle, I hate this game."
,Not Recommended,594570,35288020,Posted: 29 September,all,ĹǬŘĐ ǬƑ ἎŞǤÃŘĐ,there's 2 hours in record and i played 1 battle only and gameplay was really amazingbut the game so laggythe frames dropped from 40 in warhammer I .. to 15 in this one on 4ki have gtx 1070i spent 2 hours on settings trying to find what's the problemsecond we started with 4 playable factions what does that mean !!! will they sell us 75% of the game as DLC as they did in first oneand why there's no human factions or dwarves ??they should have made TW medieval or new idea not warhammer we just played warhammer for 10 months or more  and the first part still new for usthere's no blood so i guess they will put it in dlc for sale as welli refund my moneyi'll wait and see      ( sorry for my english )
76561198009490659,Not Recommended,594570,35341123,Posted: 30 September,all,HARAMBE,"Huge dissapointment. No kill animations, no fight animations, even though they were shown in preview videos...they are no where to be seen in the battles. lies....all lies. Do not waste your money."
76561198073022179,Not Recommended,594570,35258131,Posted: 28 September,all,Eljesu007,CA must have prepared the FLC of combined campaign to launch date they announce it in the steam info i feel scamed now wait more to play TWWH1 vs TWWH2 factions and Blood DLC  without this the game look poor
76561197993774133,Not Recommended,594570,35289210,Posted: 29 September,all,TaSaii-GHOST,What a money grab. For this amount of money i would hope for much more. i atleast would think the map and factions from WH1 would be included. These guys suckered me again.Make World War 1 Total War!!!
76561198280134827,Not Recommended,594570,35257913,Posted: 28 September,all,albert_woe,After download I star game but it gets stuck on copyright screen Help pl;ease
76561197992270248,Not Recommended,594570,35275338,Posted: 28 September,all,Zuntullah,"Ambush mechanics totally broken. In WH1 ambushed army got wiped if it lost the battle, in WH2 they just run away. This beats the purpose of ambushing."
76561197987158810,Not Recommended,594570,35260248,Posted: 28 September,all,Jamie,"So dissapointing felt like a child at christmas waiting for this game but its Just as unstable as the first one gave up with the first total war warhammer as 75% of the battles would result in the game crashing more so the larger the battle. Ive been hoping that would be fixed with this second game but no they just churned out more crap that doesnt even work, im aware the games not been out 24hours but its built upon the first game so by now they should of fixed stabability issues but no we just have to pay for more broken games. When it doesnt crash loosing the past hour of your life its a great game."
76561198007555742,Not Recommended,594570,35401856,Posted: 1 October,all,Nihonsean,most annoying tutorial of all time. Wait for them to give you the option to disable this before you buy this game. An hour or so of your life you will never get back.
76561197994541328,Not Recommended,594570,35262607,Posted: 28 September,all,Cyplius,"Broken♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can't even lounch. Not much changes over all. Things like sieges haven't been improved. From what I've seen,  so far , this wortex ( or however it's called ) is not very well done at all. Feels like simple expansion not a new game."
76561198089372268,Not Recommended,594570,35287745,Posted: 29 September,all,Alex,"Compared to the amazing historical titles this is a bloated overly complicated unfocused cartoony game about dinasours and elves and magic spells. WTF? I'm a big total war fan, finished 4 historical titles, as well a big history nerd who knows a lot about military tactics, and this game makes no sense after playing for 5 hours. Wish I could get my money back."
76561198012414034,Not Recommended,594570,35257106,Posted: 28 September,all,DerGeissler,"Just to let everyone who did not start playing yet and is already a total war veteran know:DONT enable the introduction option upon startin a new singleplayer campaign. Having this enabled will end up in the old advisor guy explaining EVERY little detail of the game to you with a cruel slowness.I sit here for half an hour now screaming ""Shut up"" at him and praying for this♥♥♥♥♥♥to end, as you cant even autoresolve those stupid tiny starting battles and have most of your options locked behind your ""tutorial progress"". You cant even turn off this old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and he will constantly terrorize you with his nonsense and stuff you already know for years anyway.Dont enable this goddamn button, dont do the same mistake I didEdit:As this♥♥♥♥♥♥tutorial did not seem to end anywhere soon I decided upon restarting my campaign. Just for this tutorial this game deserves a downvote, other then that it looks like Warhammer I what was epic and fun to play so I guess this game might become epic fun aswell. Though there is one major negative point:Where is my great campaign map including the Warhammer I map? oO I am pretty sure it was announced to be in this gameEdit 2:Nice, look at the fanboys raging :D You are welcome to enlighten my day with your downvotes and hatecomments :) Let me bath in your salty salty tearsEdit 3:At least something positive: 10/10, would refund again :)"
76561198068980505,Not Recommended,594570,35280360,Posted: 28 September,all,krazykilla9661,"Do not buy this until they fix all the INSANELY overpowered factions. In the campaign, I had three full armies (60 Units) get completely wiped out by a roaming army of like 15 units."
76561198105086432,Not Recommended,594570,35258709,Posted: 28 September,all,Kickass,"WTF with the graphics!!!!!!!!!!!!???????????I haven't played WH 2 long enough, just not talking anything on other espects, I only focused on the graphics in the revivew.I have played the WH 1 for 400hrs, and I enjoyed WH 1 graphics very much, hardly to complain anything about graphics for WH 1.Also, I am playing this game in ULTRA GRPHICS SETTING with 1080ti gpu,However, WH 2 is obviously a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥on graphics. ( Before arguring with me on the graphics, u should go to the youtube and check the differences out , what's a ♥♥♥♥ing regess!!!) This game looks like it was made in AT LEAST 7 YEARS AGO, not a 2017 game with beautiful graphics.♥♥♥♥ing regress:1. The blind man who's wearing black coat in the tutor section. ( Really ♥♥♥♥ing ugly animation!!!, something's wrong with  the colour and motion.)2. The ♥♥♥♥ing menu. ( Obivous a lazy outcome, WH 1 has better game menu to attract you, WH 2 isn't on the same level  to compare with.)3. Poor looking of campagin map. ( If u look closer to the cities, WH1 cities have a better outlines and use of colours, but those look like a ♥♥♥♥ing children drawing in  WH2; Something's wrong with the use of colour, it made WH2 look like an ♥♥♥♥ing old-school game.)At this momont, I just found 3 graphic regress. Hopefully, there's all the regress.P.S. Giving an advise to game developer - Fire the mother ♥♥♥♥er artists who drew badly and ♥♥♥♥ed up on use of colours!!!!"
76561198036559663,Not Recommended,594570,35275418,Posted: 28 September,all,Wanpanman,A guy attacked me
76561198009826208,Not Recommended,594570,35257375,Posted: 28 September,all,voyager,"dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc moreeeeeeeeeee dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc ..moreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlcmilking the cows.milking the cows ,milk,milk ,milking,milk the coooooooooooooooows,dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlcdlc blooooooooood dlc dlc dlc factions dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc more factions dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc dlc"
,Not Recommended,594570,35257380,Posted: 28 September,all,Vizkosity,the tutorial stuff are annoying as ♥♥♥♥. 0/10
76561198035907036,Recommended,594570,35260036,Posted: 28 September,all,leonrussell262,The only thing that stops this from being a 10 out of 10 is the lack of sea battles. 9.9 out of 10
76561198045760783,Recommended,594570,35265856,Posted: 28 September,all,King of the flamingo,The graphics are by far the best in the series history and the gameplay is an improvment on total warhammer 1
76561198124229694,Recommended,594570,35275563,Posted: 28 September,all,Petyr Baelish,Best Total War game ever.Took game 1 and cranked it up to 11
,Recommended,594570,35275970,Posted: 28 September,all,Frenchfry,So much fun! Every battle i have played i have been amazed by how awesome each battle looks with the different factions.
76561198071667112,Recommended,594570,35271645,Posted: 28 September,all,Dragonborntim,Morathi is hot.
,Recommended,594570,35256608,Posted: 28 September,all,Nubsauce,Skaven...at last...I can finally be what I killed in Vermintide!
76561198024938547,Recommended,594570,35288618,Posted: 29 September,all,ZORDON,AMAZING
,Recommended,594570,35301033,Posted: 29 September,all,(DG) SirAngry,This game is really good the only thing im not a great fan of is the constant desync and my friends game kept on crashing. Can you please release a patch to fix these issues really like the game so far dont wanna have to get a refund because it's not playable thanks
76561198024756712,Recommended,594570,35385486,Posted: 1 October,all,Poetic,"As a total war fan since the Medeival games, I really looked forward to the change into a fantasy universe for a few games. The first Total War Warhammer was incredible in my opinion, with a few things I thought that could have been changed or ironed out. But in this title, I feel as if they addressed every issue I had with the first game. They expanded upon the material intriduced in the first game, and went above and beyond to make a great title. In my opinion, Total War Warhammer II is a sequel done right!"
76561198010176044,Recommended,594570,35385712,Posted: 1 October,all,Xifortis,"When I first heard a few years ago that Creative Assembly was going to make a warhammer Total war game I was excited but I did not think we would get the insane amount of attention to detail that we have gotten. These people have dug in very deep to give us as much of the 30+ year lore the Warhammer franchise have pushed out and I am convinced that by the time they're done, they will have every faction, unit, lord or hero in these games.  As for the this game itself :>More content than the original had at launch>Conflict is constantly encouraged, The first game often had long 50+ turn chunks in which nothing happened, this one does not.>The 4 base races in this game are all very exciting and different.>Runs alot smoother than the first one did while upping the graphical fidelity alot.>Owners of both games will get a free campaign update to combine the two maps.It's hard for me to think of something negative to say, especially with this game being so mod-friendly you can pretty much change anything you don't like. Definately give this game a try and don't be to intimidated by the specs, it runs better on low spec machines than most games coming out."
76561198007706019,Recommended,594570,35383267,Posted: 1 October,all,BigFatMooCow,Big improvement over warhammer 1
76561198142368906,Recommended,594570,35385136,Posted: 1 October,all,ioanlloyd1987,"Thoroughly enjoying this game 😀 the mechanics & feel to the game us wonderful. Every turn is a race to beat the other factions. The colossal battles that if you choose auto resolve, can go horribly wrong thus prompting you to fight the battles yourself. Also the sheer size of the map is huge. Greatest total war to date. Sound track is spot on. The Lords that you recruit with high elves are impressive! The white lion especially. Tyrion the defender of Ulthuan is arguably the best lord I've played. His buffs are impressive. I could go on, but just see for yourself how highly appreciated this game is! Bravo CA.... Bravo"
76561198005621979,Recommended,594570,35328998,Posted: 30 September,all,Lord Brain,DOOMWHEEL!nuff said.
76561198044691178,Recommended,594570,35328663,Posted: 30 September,all,niallbaker15,Hey look! An optimised game at launch. Howbowdat.
76561198119660365,Recommended,594570,35316519,Posted: 29 September,all,Schwaltz,Pros-fun game-nice graphicsCons-introductory advisor is very helpful for complete noobs but too excessive for players who are use to total war series
,Recommended,594570,35325660,Posted: 29 September,all,Helge,Skaven
,Recommended,594570,35325397,Posted: 29 September,all,Storm Elite,Completeness
76561198016536701,Recommended,594570,35317883,Posted: 29 September,all,ken.stubbs,"NOTE: You may not notice but the preorder bonus is NOT for Warhammer 2.  It's for the older game.  Never seen DLC for a different game that awarded for early purchasing another.... I'm not real happy with it, but my bust for reading it to fast."
76561198084552962,Recommended,594570,35317994,Posted: 29 September,all,gamer12348765,Cool Game having a blast with it if you like Stratigy and fantasy then this is the game for you!!!
76561198007173346,Recommended,594570,35305900,Posted: 29 September,all,CyberFrog,where is the blood DLC ?
76561198048117916,Recommended,594570,35310545,Posted: 29 September,all,EvilCanadian,4 out of 5 star game.Pros:New races!Lots of potencial for combining TW:HW1 and TW:WH2New game mechanics (you can colonize any settlement unlike TW:WH1)Only 1 game crash so farCons:Feels like just DLCI've only played through 1 story not all of them yetOnly 2 person multiplayer (I want more damn it!)Cutscenes are just 2d pictures with voice overs. Should have been animated scenes.We will all pay for the DLC for more factions
,Recommended,594570,35316479,Posted: 29 September,all,Hejin57,"Coming right off the cottails of Dawn of War III, it seemed like Games Workshop has been getting some sad results with their strategy games as of late.Fortunately, that is not the case with Total War: Warhammer.  And Warhammer II just turns things up even more.If you told me we'd one day have a strategy game that allowed you to play the Lizardmen, I wouldn't believe you.But somehow, Creative Assembly has done it, and thus created what will probably be one of the most memorable strategy games to come out in recent years.Even if you don't play Total War games, or never thought of playing them, this game comes highly recommended.  The mix of races, amazingly tight gameplay, and stellar Warhammer Fantasy lore make it a winning combination.Want to play a bunch of twitchy crazed cowards and vandals?  Go for the Skaven.  Want to defend the world with cold-blooded vigour?  The Lizardmen are for you.  Want to just kill everyone with reckless abandon?  I recommend the Dark Elves.  Want to watch your troops get slaughtered?  The trailers for this game would suggest the High Elves are a great choice.But in all seriousness, I digress.  Definitely give this game a look if you're a fan of fantasy, Total War or Warhammer in general.See you in Lustria."
76561198070397116,Recommended,594570,35316503,Posted: 29 September,all,alanbedrosian,The only game where I command a lizard riding a dinosaur to attack a horde of rats... I think I will stay single. Thank you CA!
76561198028188041,Recommended,594570,35316545,Posted: 29 September,all,Trainhard,its been out for two days and I've already played 28 hours.. Ye its pretty good
76561198006210679,Recommended,594570,35312919,Posted: 29 September,all,Thenidhogg,Very happy with this instalment!..yes-yes
76561197993246205,Recommended,594570,35312553,Posted: 29 September,all,shanatar the last memebender,a good game for good people
76561198023784595,Recommended,594570,35316832,Posted: 29 September,all,RollingStxnx85,"Warhammer 2 epic AF!  Its everything you loved about the first one with all the the UI and game mechanics fleshed out, improved or fixed.  CA is really doing an oustanding job on this trilogy.  Im already pumped about the new DLC they will be pushing out and what tweaks they will do with the other races in Mortal Empires patch.  If you have never played the series or grand stratedgy this is where to start!! Do yourself a favor and submit to the dark ones and buy this game CA needs blood for the blood god!!!"
76561197997131183,Recommended,594570,35320255,Posted: 29 September,all,Forgotten,Amazing. About time they got this right! You will never be bored anymore after turn 100.
,Recommended,594570,35320474,Posted: 29 September,all,budleigh,"Well, I haven't really stopped playing it since it came out. The new campaign dynamics are exciting and give the world a much more connected feel. The new world map looks spectacular. It's basically the first game turned up to 11 with shiny new dudes and a very engaging campaign dynamic.My only real complaint is that the enemy turn cycle can be excruciatingly long."
,Recommended,594570,35320326,Posted: 29 September,all,CoolSweaterDude,"It has some kinks but its a good game overall.Pros: Actual Battles are fun, exploration is cool and the map is amazing to look at. majority of the mechanics work pretty well.Cons: AI are wonky in battle (either sitting ducks or completely overpowered) and in campaign (Easily create multiple 20-stack armies while you bankrupt yourself to maybe have two, friendly AI bealines for your objectives as well and they dont even need em, enemy AI seems to spawn outta nowhere sometimes.)It's still worth buying, but even someone new to total war will notice these issues within a few hours, and I really do hope that they patch it up a little, because otherwise the game is a blast to play."
76561198007056941,Recommended,594570,35318306,Posted: 29 September,all,elskanko,"This is quickly becoming my favourite Total war title.  This is the first time since Medieval 2 where I have felt the need to adjust my army composition.  CA has done a lot of listening from the first Warhammer title in regards to the battle mechanics and the changes are noticeable.  Yes the sieges are still a flat line of walls but that really doesnt matter to me (totally my opinion) I loved the old sieges but lets face it the AI never really got the hang of it which is understandable its a pretty complex procedure.  Anyway, great title cant wait to see where this goes."
76561198007897208,Recommended,594570,35322155,Posted: 29 September,all,Greeny0,The best Total War game to date. Mortal Empires expansion from game 1 means there is so much content here
76561198049623068,Recommended,594570,35324742,Posted: 29 September,all,Stallker3k,Good game.
76561198103358136,Recommended,594570,35324726,Posted: 29 September,all,Fox,im a simple man i see skaven i buy it
76561198007867487,Recommended,594570,35323425,Posted: 29 September,all,Buck,"So far so good.  More of the same from WH1.  Nice refined graphics.  Bummed no humies or vamps, will be in DLCs I bet.J."
76561198056701646,Recommended,594570,35322734,Posted: 29 September,all,Shmegpot,Have you heard of the High Elves?
,Recommended,594570,35323570,Posted: 29 September,all,jmichaelboonstra,"Great game thus far. However, unfortunately ive been unable to play after my initial first few hours. The game crashes upon startup. I hope they patch it quickly, as I preordered the game and have been anxiously awaiting the games arrival."
76561198120548619,Recommended,594570,35303103,Posted: 29 September,all,Husaren,Great improvment over the last game Good job CA <3
76561197981797851,Recommended,594570,35302377,Posted: 29 September,all,Tydar,"Just an overall better WH1, if you liked the first one you'll like this one. Combined map coming out soon too."
76561198007245965,Recommended,594570,35303011,Posted: 29 September,all,highlander248,"Ok, so bought lots of junk food, a few pizzas, pringles, chocolate, lindor chocolate, etc. This was to help me and support me in my massive gaming session. 16 hrs later, not touched any of that junk yet, to busy trying to get treasure, kill pretend internet monsters, kill some big rats and fight those Dark, evil Elves.So should you buy it? Only if you like good games and want value for money. If you like rubbish games and wasting your money; run Forest, run!"
76561198037307443,Recommended,594570,35303573,Posted: 29 September,all,Super Dildo King,"My campaign has already been more action packed than any other I've played in any Total War. As Queek I've found myself in a constant state of war, always pushing out to feed the starving masses of Skavendom while balancing rebellions and vortex rituals back home. None of that 'unstoppable force of death by turn 100' from WH1 or that sitting there spamming end turn to finish teching or because I have nothing to do."
76561198012780465,Recommended,594570,35303370,Posted: 29 September,all,Valar Morghulis,"Allied AI sails across the map, ignoring all undefended neighbouring provinces, just to get some city all the way down south on the continent.Enemy AI sends countless Assassins for my army, also sailing across the whole map.10/10 would buy Total War games again"
,Recommended,594570,35302517,Posted: 29 September,all,Trien,"Solid Sequel, look forward to seeing the maps merge!Unit animations are clearly a step up from the previous title and is quite pleasant to look at during the Chaos of battle."
,Recommended,594570,35303195,Posted: 29 September,all,Ned Slark,"HUGE improvement over the first game. If you are looking to get this one or the first, get this one. No need to worry about knowing anything in the first one. Great game with a HUGE amount of content."
76561198250408210,Recommended,594570,35302776,Posted: 29 September,all,Tech N9ne,Is veri gud
76561198085285167,Recommended,594570,35303249,Posted: 29 September,all,Valar_Morghulis,"What a Game, I Like it.So far i Played as the Lizardmen, i love them.Why?Your Commander is a Big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Lizard but wait There is More.Put him on a even Bigger Lizard to carry your already big Lizard."
76561198041835281,Recommended,594570,35302855,Posted: 29 September,all,Napalmeon,Good game. Now give me the mega campaign.
76561198006766119,Recommended,594570,35333261,Posted: 30 September,all,finelias,Great atmosphere.Brilliant Soundtrack.And above all CA deliver some new feats in the campaign.By the way...Is therey any WH/ WH II soundtrack obtainable?
76561198010224405,Recommended,594570,35336203,Posted: 30 September,all,S1edgehammer,Makes the first one better in every way.  Shame they only had 3 playable races this time.
76561198059187966,Recommended,594570,35316430,Posted: 29 September,all,Kroq-Gar,"I never thought I'd enjoy a game from TW from watching videos. But boy oh boy, it feels so good.Taking cities, winning against HUGE armies of ratmen, holding the line against the forces of Chaos.So satisfying in every right, watching my soldiers fight tooth and claw for an inch on the enemy, watching my pterariders drop salvos on the foe and watching the bystanders panic as their comrades are obliterated.The awe-inspiring Temple Guard cutting through the enemy ranks with savage ease.The thunderous roar as Croq Gor's mount tosses aside the enemy hero in a villainous display of victory.As a long time through-the-window fan of Warhammer Fantasy..I am definitely swooned."
,Recommended,594570,35345945,Posted: 30 September,all,Smu,"So far so good. An improvement on the first one, with more interesting factions are an interesting map."
76561198031076968,Recommended,594570,35345781,Posted: 30 September,all,Stavros,Big Total War fan. I love it it has much new content to enjoy and Its better from the previus one but you have different races so both totalwar WH games are equaly worth it to have.
,Recommended,594570,35334135,Posted: 30 September,all,DeBunkeD,"Builds upon and improves the solid base that was the first Total War: Warhammer game. Campaign feels more alive and interesting, factions have very distinct playstyles (and frankly; look amazing), battlefield generation is much improved amongst much else. Very solid and deserving of its current 90% rating."
76561198076133062,Recommended,594570,35332548,Posted: 30 September,all,Commissar Steele,"So far i have encountered no bugs and enjoyed myself immensly. Aside from the new trait system being almost one of the best things in its current state the replayability is enormous and i have enjoyed it alot. The online side is in its early state as im writing this and is developing nicely. All of the factions are fairly balanced if you compare unit prizes and certain mechanics. Compared to the first game its an easy 9/10 but in its current state i would rate it 8/10 becouse there are some lacking things ingame such as certain units, these will probably be added in later. I heavily recommend this game for anyone that is interested in either Warhammer Fantasy or Total War in general.PS Malekith is the True Witch King"
,Recommended,594570,35333819,Posted: 30 September,all,Minty,"A major improvement from the first game's state at realse, and many quality of life changes to how the first game is now!Only major critisim is that public order is really hard to control before you have unlocked the technology and Lord traits to help stabalise it. This is not necessarily a bad thing though as you can farm the rebellions to level up your Lords rediculously quickly (had Malekith at the level cap of 40 by turn 80)."
,Recommended,594570,35330837,Posted: 30 September,all,Ð.Joh (ex pro),Lacking in some parts but overall a really fun game
76561198251701570,Recommended,594570,35332713,Posted: 30 September,all,Momjuicer,"13/13 for me, Skaven are amazing."
76561198041681175,Recommended,594570,35332159,Posted: 30 September,all,Zero,very nice DLC
76561197982387720,Recommended,594570,35332189,Posted: 30 September,all,GueriO [FR],"A very big improvement compared to the previous game, they actually took into consideration many things modders made. Great game"
76561197972027080,Recommended,594570,35347108,Posted: 30 September,all,ZombieGylvan,"Needs more factions, and the Vortex campaign is fun.  I do wish there was a non-vortex version, but perhaps later on."
,Recommended,594570,35348620,Posted: 30 September,all,Landrick,"Very engaging, interesting campaign"
76561198017431949,Recommended,594570,35346382,Posted: 30 September,all,Swiggity swooty,"GRACE_CAHello, my name is Swiggity Swooty and I am a warhammer-aholic."
76561198010396358,Recommended,594570,35349133,Posted: 30 September,all,Padthelad,"First of all, I've been an avid Total War fan basically since birth. I've played every single one a billion and one times, and I want to start by saying that I love EVERY Total War game. All of them are very, very good games, but there are certain gripes I have and trends I've noticed creeping into the latest few games that I wish CA would resolve that are making the games...lazy.As for Warhammer 2, as far as it goes for a new Total War: is it the best? No. It is still good? Yes. Is it worth buying. Definitely.Now, I'm not a huge fan of the Warhammer thing. I liked Total War as historical games, but I don't mind this deviation. It being Fantasy is NOT something that detracts from the game for me. But there are things that do, and this is general for all the recent Total Wars.CONSCampaign Map: While it is infinitely better than Warhammer I (which felt just like a point and click with armies sometimes, especially Chaos and Goblins), it still feels like they're dumbing down the strategical aspect for the sake of....well, I don't know. I can barely control more than one army due to the high upkeep and recruitment costs, which makes strategic play very barebones until I have a vast empire. Even then, two, maybe three armies at max. I don't mind having less armies on the field (the army stacking in Attila was nuts, especially when you had seven enemy armies constantly moving together), but one or two armies throughout most the campaign limits the options and fun.Agents: Still useless. Have been since Rome II. I just put them in an army to act as a second general. Their abilities are slightly more varied (magic vs warriors etc), but they still serve a generic purpose of roughly the same things. Bring back the Medieval II system where every agent had a specific task, but all were instrumental to your overall campaign. It adds more depth.Battles: Can be over too quick,and I'm playing on v.hard. There seems to be a dumbing down of tactics. I used to love sprawling, tactical battles, but now I just set my guys in a straight line and watch the bad guys break. Units have all lost a uniqueness to them: now spear-walls can be formed. No different types of arrows selected. Cavalry can't dismount or form shapes. Only the generals get abilities, and even then only through upgrades to them. Can't they have a generic 'rally' ability again?Battle maps: I’ve fought all across Ulthuan, and Lustria….and I’ve fought on about 5-7 different battle fields….again, blooming lazy from CA.Sieges: Bland, boring, auto-resolve. This is just pure laziness. Every siege plays out the same, on a tiny chunk of a city. It doesn't feel like I'm taking the city at all, just the walls. The sieges in the Rome II and Attila felt same-same as well, with cities like Antioch and Ravenna being a stone's throw wide! It just feels lazy again.Depth: Why can't I control tax-levels to adjust public order? Why get rid of that? What's the point? There are upteen little details like this that they just removed from the previous games: we already know the chaos around Rome II's family tree and political system. It's the same story here - little details that added depth removed for no apparent reason.Navy: No naval units/battles. Although I think this may have something to do with licensing.Characters: Although I can bond with characters in this, as some can't die and their skill trees make them unique, I haven't been able to role-play or care for the characters since Shogun II. They are throw aways and meaningless. I liked having a chivalric general who likes a drink in and is better at governing than fighting in Med II. There just isn't that diversity here AT ALL. I'm missing the hundreds of traits that a single general would get which made them so diverse.PROSImprovement: I liked Warhammer I, but got bored pretty quick when I practically won the game as Chaos, with one chaos army only, by turn 120. Boring. This, however, is providing more of a Total War feeling. Empires that need to be managed both on the strategic and tactical level. I get that's how Chaos are played, but the Wood Elves were the same, and the Goblins. Even Empire grew stale. This, not so much. There just feels more to do.Story: I'm way more invested in this story than I am in the Warhammer I story. It feels like a race against time, kind of like how Attila did with the encroaching huns and bad weather. I'm having to compete for the Vortex whilst at the same time fight off my neighbours, improve my cities, complete quests etc. It's rich, and I'm buying into the previously unknown Warhammer storyGraphics: Look lush.Factions: A pro of Warhammer I...at times. The factions are unique and diverse. Makes battles look really cool, and makes each campaign different. With the historical titles, there's only so much you can do to diversify factions, but with fantasy there's loads. And CA went all out. Replayability = 10/10Campaign: It IS improved from Warhammer I. Cities have more building slots, diplomacy seems a lot more reasonable (trying to get my fellow Wood Elves to even have a non-aggression pact was a blooming nightmare), and I'm taking my time more on each turn, which is a good sign. Nothing is worse in a Total War game than endlessley clicking the end turn button. This one slows it down, although it's still not perfect.Battles: Beautiful to watch, and fun to play. Looking forward to the Blood&Gore DLC.Characters: Warhammer characters/generals are an improvement on Attila, and a vast improvement on Rome II. But still have a way to go for me to care about them. Still feels lazy!I'm sure there's stuff I've missed.CONCLUSIONThe cons aren't directly aimed at Warhammer II. They're aimed at CA's games basically since Rome II. Please stop being lazy, and keep the depth that the older games had, all the little intricacies that made them so good to play. Having said that, this is a big step in the right direction. It IS very, very enjoyable to play, and as an avid TW fan, this is a must-buy. It is a good game, and I'm looking forward to clocking more hours. I just hope CA will read this and take into account what I've said...unless that's just me! Feel free to discuss if I'm on the right track.Overall: Rated enjoyable/highly playable. A strong addition to the TW franchise(p.s. I've clocked in more than 7.5 hrs....don't know why it's saying that!)"
76561198038499308,Recommended,594570,35350673,Posted: 30 September,all,Wyverenight,This is the first time I have ever written a review and I have yet to try the online content.  I am addicted to the campaign and although I somewhat agree with the improvements/shortcomings that people are suggesting:- army caps for beginning levels- forced to fight ally races due to distances on the map leaving you to always play catch up- one 20-stack army can auto-resolve through ALL buildings defenses regardless of how built up they are forcing you tohave several VERY expensive armies just sitting around.I would say that this is one of the most well-polished releases I have seen for many games over the past few years.  The game is so good that I just work harder (although already on easiest level) to try and overcome.  I am looking forward to future content and patches!
76561198171199538,Recommended,594570,35350508,Posted: 30 September,all,Hitler Best Heroine,"Best Voice Acting and Story telling Total War since Medieval 2!Voice acting in Attila , Rome 2 , TW1 was really bad. Attila much worse due to REUSED ASSETS?!So thus far TW2 really did become a Quality GAME , unlike Attila which had mostly Germans."
76561198029312652,Recommended,594570,35350515,Posted: 30 September,all,BradumzG,War Hydra...need I say more
76561198258204221,Recommended,594570,35351720,Posted: 30 September,all,Vharden,"Great game, congratulations CA and developers, it really fleshed and perfected the Warhammer world and the way diplomacy, campaign and battles work. Just an advice, try to optimize the graphics so the game runs smoothly on Mid Tier PCs. Waiting for DLCs and more factions to play! Tomb Kings lml"
,Recommended,594570,35352468,Posted: 30 September,all,Shao_,Fantastic.
76561198066403211,Recommended,594570,35347323,Posted: 30 September,all,GodsHands777,There's nothing better than plotting out loud with yourself. I recommend
76561198009603748,Recommended,594570,35266880,Posted: 28 September,all,Turbosnowy,"OK so edited my review after another day or so of playing.My first review was a bit of moan that the Dark Elf campaign was unbalanced and you must need to follow an optimal strategy on rails to get anywhere - my major concern was I couldn't find the optimal strategy so was having a nightmare, rolling back again and again.After some more time with the game, I can say this - there is a learning curve here and there is definitely a myriad of ways to stuff yourself in the campaign without knowing until it is too late - the only way to learn is to make those mistakes and then try not to do that again next time.  There are also some things you really NEED to do asap which might not appear obvious, such as sending a boat or two out to hoover up treasure from the sea as the cash rewards are huge and can accelerate your building activities.One interesting thing I learned from rolling back to an early, just post intro save (again and again) is that things can change massively each time.  In one game, a faction got wiped out fast, in another the same faction grew huge and was wiping others out. One game might bog you down in an early war with Norse or beastment and cripple your progress - another they might leave you alone forever, so that's something to be aware of also.In terms of verdict, I'm now recommending the game - it is visually lovely, slick, vast, sound is great, stable, smooth and a tonne of fun - the caveat however is be prepared to make alot of mistakes until you learn to 'git gud' as there does seem to be a right way to play and many, oh so many wrong ways."
76561198087321782,Recommended,594570,35335595,Posted: 30 September,all,Mr Wildwest,they should add more factions to use in custom battles
76561198026367539,Recommended,594570,35351090,Posted: 30 September,all,Hexagoros,Probably the best Total War game to date.
76561198282656958,Recommended,594570,35351104,Posted: 30 September,all,evocatis,"Great expansion. Do yourself a favor and play it. Best Total Way Game yet!Detail of the units +, Detailed map +, more campaign mechanics +, areas of the campaign map actually matter in terms of strategic planning, battle maps much more immersive and add a strategic element to them with their varying terrain (there are choke points now!), also magic seems to matter now! and heroes are actually HEROES! Looking forward to adding more races!On another note:I know it is unlikely to come, but a suggestion. Please add armor sets and weapon sets to the heroes. It kinda breaks immersion when I do a quest chain for this awesome spear, but my dino animation had the spear all along. Since, the developement team is going to the next level with all aspects of the game, I thought why not ask :D."
76561198108504332,Recommended,594570,35399962,Posted: 1 October,all,Gdcotton123,"We have asked for a campaign to be a lot harder in Total War for awhile, one where you actually feel like you will lose. Well when i was one turn away from losing a 229 turn campaign, we got what we wanted. Had to start a continent civil war with 4vs4 factions to make sure I won in time that almost cost me the game, 10/10 CA."
76561197992900775,Recommended,594570,35400445,Posted: 1 October,all,Daggerheart,"In the past I finished 95% of the achievements in Total War: Warhammer, including all achievements on very hard/legendary.I just finished the short campaign with Dark Elves in under 20 hours playtime, it took 200 turns, but I reloaded a couple of times. What is my first impressions:1) Map is very very big with many factions, there are several of improvements in this sequel.2) The ""Next turn"" button reminds you to make all moves/actions, and this reminder is customizable.3) The max level of lords and heroes are now increased by 10 to level 40 max. That is cool!4) Heroes and lords of the Dark elves becomes immortal at level 20 if you want, so this fixes the big problem of ""too"" easy losing forever the ""non-legendary"" lords and heroes in the first game.5) The new units looks really cool!6) Dark elves got floating warcitys called ""Arks"" that give nuke support to other armies battles in the range of the ark. The Ark need forces on the ship to defend it, just like a normal city.Q1: Is Warhammer 2 better than the first one? Hmmmm, hard to say yet, I felt maybe more ""home"" in the first game. But I really like the improvements in the new one.Q1: Is Warhammer 2 easier than the first one? Also hard to say, the normal campaign for the Dark elves is pretty close to the difficulty to the 1st one. I have not played Warhammer 2 on the hardest settings yet.The Total Warhammer series brings challenges for a very long gametime! To play ranked battles vs other players are the ultimate challenge, and can keep you playing the two games for years... Strategy and tactics with fantastic units, many races, magic, lords and heroes. What more can you wish for in a game?"
76561197993589983,Recommended,594570,35400261,Posted: 1 October,all,Madash,totally Awesome
76561198009802417,Recommended,594570,35403172,Posted: 1 October,all,Qmicic,"Game is good but AI needs work. AI pulls some rediculus crap. I just got jumped by an Highelf army with 9 Dragons. I mean srsly? Thats a little bit dumb. I think there should be some kind of restriction to haw many high level units of one type can you put in the same army. It spoils the fun, at least for me. 7/10 for be just because of rediculus and anoying AI."
,Recommended,594570,35400741,Posted: 1 October,all,Kebobez,"It's bigger, better, and much more diverse than the first.In addition, with the combined campaign and some nice workshop mods it couldbe a truly amazing sandbox strategy game.Definitely worth the money in my eyes"
76561198143724138,Recommended,594570,35401240,Posted: 1 October,all,Anubis,"Great Game but I wish the Campaign would take a bit longer for the Vortex. The high elves and I were both at the last ritual and neither of us had even gained a foothold in neighboring continents. The factions are fun however, and the Units are great. My only gripes are the one mentioned above, the lack of inner city seiges(which has been mentioned by everyone else), and the lack of being able to vassalize other factions."
,Recommended,594570,35409388,Posted: 2 October,all,Corvus,"game is good and the 4 new races are awesome.. overall great game and would recommend however, game would still need an update regarding its optimization and polish because unlike in warhammer 1 fps here can really spike especially if playing at an ultra setting but I know which can be fixed in future updates.. still great game can't wait for the mega campaign mode"
,Recommended,594570,35408109,Posted: 2 October,all,Abacuz,Just as good as the first one. That means very good!
76561198009352471,Recommended,594570,35408275,Posted: 2 October,all,likiep,Much More variety and distinction between factions. This is how Total War should be!
76561198172058825,Recommended,594570,35405183,Posted: 1 October,all,robertomercado.n,Amazing game! If you love the total war games and Dinosaurs is a must have!The only con is the same for all total war games.... you will have to spend at least 4 times the game value in DLC.
76561198055966238,Recommended,594570,35450193,Posted: 3 October,all,-Thomson-,noice dark to the elves
,Recommended,594570,35446944,Posted: 3 October,all,Hurp,I've been playing Total War games since the first Medieval Total War and I can honestly say that the Warhammer games are the best ones so far. The faction diversity is an amazing addition to the series and Warhammer II fixes a lot of the minor issues the first one had.
76561198080653606,Recommended,594570,35446457,Posted: 3 October,all,Knight Solaire,"This really is what Total War should have always been.they fixed every flaw of the first game.They added a timeline and a series of quests to create an interactive world with a real feeling of adventure, encouraging you to go out and explore new continents, discovering new factions, new biomes and new challenges.Everything feels just complete.10/10"
,Recommended,594570,35259549,Posted: 28 September,all,Zunko,Best total war game by far. 4 great factions with unique playstyles and technology trees. It is a big upgrade from warhammer 1. This the first total war game that is fun to play through the whole game. The vortex was a great way to do it. It gets harder and harder throughout the game. You have 5 rituals and its more and more harder to finish each one.GREAT GAME 10/10!
76561198120181297,Recommended,594570,35450898,Posted: 3 October,all,cumdrop420,"It's pretty good! I bought the game on a whim after seeing the kripp stream, craving an experience similar to medieval 2 tw or heroes of might and magic; an adventure, with some battles, and a hero, and a bit of empire building. It was excellent for that. The game looks decent, has enough content, I'd say, without needing DLCs or anything more. Music is alright, the tutorial is very well put-together and teaches you where everything on the convenient UI are.but here's my storyI was playing my high elf campaign, and my legendary lord tyrion goes to attack some city situated inside a mountain. He sieges it up, and an enemy force comes up behind him to block him in, and attacks. This is important because there is now no escape route; my army can't properly retreat. I try to retreat, and tyrion dies and disappears and the entire army does, too. I try the battle; I lose, and the remainders die and disappear. There's no ingame bug report, or any bug report at all that I can see, so I'm forced to write this here. My army couldn't run away, so my legendary hero permanently died and I lost the entire fighting force he was a part of, including the other Noble and the Mage I had.A few turns later it said 'your legendary lord is back in action!' but he wasn't. clicking that message brought me to my capital, where he wasn't. he was still dead.This game would be a lot better, I think, if the users could communicate with the developers in some way, through SOME type of bug report system. It's pretty wild there isn't one in a game made in 2017."
76561198085236914,Recommended,594570,35451106,Posted: 3 October,all,~TheCancerousMeme~,just bought it and well I don't know where my 8 hours of day when too :p oh well.10/10 great game
,Recommended,594570,35303796,Posted: 29 September,all,The Merovingian,"Quick n' DirtyPerformance: 10/10Visual Design: 10/10Audio/FX: 10/10Content at Release: 7/10Gameplay: 8/10Multiplayer: N/A (Will likely edit once I play it)Must Buy: YesLengthy descriptionI have a GTX 770, i7 processor, 16gb ram. While it doesn't run like a champ on high it still does. Graphic settings are high with no anti-alias and average texture filter, looks great and runs around 40-50fps dipping as low as 27 but that's when it's horribly busy on screen.Compared to previous titles, Warhammer II was released in near perfect optimization. It runs super smooth and unlike Warhammer I it doesn't crash randomly during battles. I still have no clue why it does. Warhammer II though has not and I've played a lot of actual battles so far.Game looks amazing. Plays smooth. Balance still questionable as I haven't messed around in MP yet.The only real downside is the lack of content at release and I'm not really just complaining about the factions. There are four races with two 'factions' each with their own leader. It's not much but it does offer a little bit of diversity. The campaign seems lengthy and challenging with the new mechanics and each race, like its predecessor, operates differently enough to be fun in their own way. The bad part is again they are going to make us pay to see blood and gore. I've always hated that. Always will. I also wouldn't mind seeing them go a little above and beyond by making the next race free. I know paid DLC isn't going away because they'd be crazy to do so but at least give us one thing for free as a show of good faith in your player base.My other opinion is more neutral and it's about the difficulty. I have 4 campaigns going right now: 2 Skaven, 1 on Hard, 1 on Very Hard. 1 Dark Elf on Hard. 1 High Elf on Hard. Between the penalties for difficulty, AI teaming up on you, Chaos stacks spawning from rituals, Intervention armies, rebellions, and the occasional rogue army that wanders into your lands you are literally fighting an uphill struggle every turn. Because of this I haven't had time to really spend doing some of the nifty events the devs put in like hunt for treasure. A turn wasted searching a ruins is a turn I could have used to move that army to lift one of 12 sieges on my land I have or reinforce against several full stacks raiding my countrysides. So I feel that they may need to rework some of the campaign AI tendencies or tweak behavior. I like a challenge but there's a definite skill jump involved when going from Normal to Hard. Normal is impossible to lose I think. I did one on Normal for about 30 turns and encountered no challenge at all. Hard feels like what Very Hard should be. Very Hard barely feels different from Hard. Not sure what the deal is with that but the challenge is real."
76561197996494772,Recommended,594570,35427285,Posted: 2 October,all,big ass latina chased by TREX,"Great game, but buy the original firstThink I clocked up 18 hours played on release day and I can already tell it's going to reach into the hundreds (already starting to wish I was unemployed).The NegativeVictory conditions are pretty awkward. The campaign map is HUGE which clearly has a lot of initial appeal, but there isn't going to be such a thing a a 'quick domination victory'. My Lizardman campaign is already well over 200 turns and I still don't have total control over Warhammer's versions of Africa/South America. Crushing the North should be faster, but I'd guess it'll take me till around turn 400+. Great if you want your campaigns to take weeks, but less so if you enjoyed Total War Warhammer I's victory conditions ('own all Empire provinces including Sylvania and kill Archeon' would take maybe half a day or so and was nicely paced).I'm afraid to say that the 'Race for the Vortex Campaign' is also pretty poorly implemented. It's a 'race' in the same sense that shooting the opposing runners in the kneecaps just before they reach the finish line, then waddling over eating a cheeseburger would be. Once you understand how it works, you'll realise that the AI can't possibly win unless the player is in some kind of coma and not paying attention. Fighting over ritual resource sites is an utter waste if time for the player, as is invading other continents to disrupt enemy rituals. I don't want to spoil what happens for anyone, but you're penalised in various ways by trying to complete rituals and rewarded for domination styles. The Vortex Campaign is basically a sort of story mode that has no real impact on the game world. If you think a version of the original game where you can choose to not have the Chaos invasion would be a bad idea, then you'll probably dislike the ritual mechanics.Oh...and the old version of Norsica is back. I never want to see another chariot again.The GoodBasically everything else. The original game was incredible and this gives a titanic amount of extra content.  You'll have enough to get your money's worth several times over."
76561198009119715,Recommended,594570,35257075,Posted: 28 September,all,Lloyd,"Release = FAIL ..  MY GAME STUCK AT THE SPONSOR AND COPYRIGHT TEXT , Yet the game is AWESOMEif anyone have problem look here for seek an issue.-> CA_MatthewHi Llyod, sorry to see you're having this issue. Could you please head here for more assistance?https://forums.totalwar.com/discussion/comment/1923950/#Comment_1923950For all have problem look here for seek an issues"
,Recommended,594570,35258602,Posted: 28 September,all,BlackWolf,Just a few more turns.... i swear..
,Recommended,594570,35444114,Posted: 3 October,all,Aize,"I've just finished the High Elves Vortex Campaign on Legendary Difficulty (Tyrion) and I'm about to start Teclis' campaign on Legendary soon.38 Hours worth of game time (20 minutes of Multiplayer FFA), that's basically a single-player game time; which is roughly averaging 8-40 hours. And it's completely different for each Lord, respectively.So I'll round out the reasons on every subject there is that justifies my recommendation for this game;Its difference from the First Game: - This was the most controversial subject about this game; why did Creative Assembly hastily release a sequel to Warhammer I?- Because it was necessary to have the Trilogy as close as possible in terms of time frame in release and game time, One Year did splendid things for CA and SEGA (disregarding the prices we had to pay for some of the dlc of the first game), and it really was a step forward for them, which I dearly support. The trilogy needed to be within the boundries of the same Engine and it's Graphics which was another reason for them to release Total War: Warhammer II after one year of the First Game.Graphics/Gameplay comparisons: - It's in the same Engine, it has the same type of graphics and type of gameplay by the looks of it, why call it a sequel if it's just a massive expansion?- First off, the graphics is justified by the first question answered (because of the same engine prerequisites to merge each game). The gameplay is erratic and VERY different in the campaign, it's no longer situated scenarios and playing along conquest and liberation. This game took it to the next level and something entirely new and unique.With NO spoilers, as High Elves on Legendary Difficulty, I was challenged greatly, not only by my neighbouring factions but exterior ones as well. And the objective is what makes it immersive and adds rewards (but also consequencing) circumstances that pushes the player to the next scenario which is even greater. There's a sense of purpose and much more so than Game 1, because of the unique areas and mechanics that Game 2 provides.Maps/Sieges: Oh man... such a bummer in the First Game, but because of constraints of A.I (as a Map Maker from the community mod team GCCM) it truly is difficult to get behind, especially for CA to implement a greater way for Sieges to be enjoyable. BUT! Don't be alarmed with the same structure and the ""Arcade Style"" they want to keep, the Sieges in Game 2 are very well made and the interiors are more apparent and very fun to play in (because they added stairways in my opinion ^_^) and you should be able to enjoy them much more!Unique Mechanics: This is what I enjoyed most, each of the four factions having dedicated mechanics that is specially made for them, to explain further is to spoil.Cons: Post-Official Release Bugs (it happens to every game).Right now, the Vortext Campaign and the new Multiplayer Mode PLUS the Optimization seriously separates Total War Warhammer 2 from Total War Warhammer. It's seriously worth trying it out! The game is spectacular and fanstically well made. I courtly bow to CA and SEGA for bringing us an exciting new experience from a SEQUEL no less! Going forward, I can only dream and imagine what they hold in store for the upcoming year of Total War: Warhammer 2; even more so for Game 3!Verdict: 9.7/10"
76561198042749364,Recommended,594570,35443475,Posted: 3 October,all,Baittz,"I enjoyed Total War Warhammer 1, but this one is so much better, most things that were bad in the previous one was improved, I have got few complaints about this one which Im not going to mention because the good part of the game is worth it. 9.5/10"
76561197988936139,Recommended,594570,35424648,Posted: 2 October,all,vaneredmoon,"This is a great game.  I didn't know what to think of how it would turn out considering Warhammer Total War AI's where not the best.  This takes this to a whole new level.  No longer will the dwarves will stay in the mountain areas looking pretty.  If they see an advantage to put you down they will take it.Great new features have been added.  I think this has revived the Total War series since ROME Total War 1.Cons:Multiplayer campaign seems to crash at unexpected places and I have experienced this with I7, 8 GB RAM, 4GB dedicated Graphics, on the lowest setting even though my computer can handle middium graphics."
76561198040913380,Recommended,594570,35451364,Posted: 3 October,all,westcobbmartialarts,Creative Assembly built on the already outstanding base base that was this games prequel and released my favorite game of 2017. I've been a fan of the Total War franchise since I picked up the first Rome title and have since played each iteration. This is hand down this franchise at it's finest. Can't wait to pick up Mortal Empires!
76561198029847360,Recommended,594570,35450623,Posted: 3 October,all,vinylrecord1445,Im enjoying it a lot more than I enjoyed the first one. Worth a buy if you enjoy Total War games.
,Recommended,594570,35448749,Posted: 3 October,all,Eikpyrnir_Fox,"Faction defeated by a dark elf named ""VAHAASHA"" with a army of black dragons, 10/10 will play again."
,Recommended,594570,35409757,Posted: 2 October,all,Ianarian,Fantastic game.  They made the legendary campaign quite a challenge all the way through.  New factions are a lot of fun.  Lots of good campaign mechanic changes.
,Recommended,594570,35439808,Posted: 3 October,all,Beornwahl,"This is not exactly a game for the hardcore TW fans or even Warhammer fans.It's more a game for those of us who grew up with only a few grey figures dreaming of one day commanding whole regiments.I'm not a fan of the rushed vortex gameplay, streamlined approach or vast distance, that this game offers. But it was stable, did what all the pre-release info showed, and honestly can be a lot of fun.Still looking forward the the combined campaign though, which was the selling point that caught my attention."
76561198052343817,Recommended,594570,35430153,Posted: 2 October,all,Rex2G,"The game is very far from its final state at the moment, but it already feels great to play the Vortex campaign. I mostly played with the High Elves yet, and they are absolutely amazing, with a very unique playstyle. Even if the price tag is probably too high, considering that the original races from TW:W are yet not available, I would recommend to buy the game now to support the great job that CA has been making so far."
,Recommended,594570,35257180,Posted: 28 September,all,Evil Empire,"It's a great game that just keeps getting better. If you loved the first game, you'll love this one. If you're a first time Total War player, this is a good game to help you delve into the WARHAMMER series.As for the positives. It was a great improvement since the first one. Boasting many new mechanics, fresh units/buildings, improved graphics/textures, and my favorite of all is how smooth combat is. The animations are extremely crisp and pleasing to watch.As for the negatives. Both WARHAMMER games have costed me $120 in total. They are marketed as your top tier game so they go for $60. I had no trouble paying the price to enable me to play the game but it's just a little pricey. The second negative is going to be the DLC they release. The prices of the DLC in the first game were outrageous and I'm hoping CA learned their lesson and will help the community out.I will give Total War: WARHAMMER II a solid 8.7/10. I would highly recommend this game to any avid WARHAMMER or Total War fan."
,Recommended,594570,35483031,Posted: 4 October,all,SNAK THE RIPPER,"Great total war game, simplified from previous total war games but not so much that it isen't challanging.dat price tag doe..."
,Recommended,594570,35450813,Posted: 3 October,all,Abarnath,"Improvements from the first game, fun new races.Dark Elves could use work with the black arks, seeing as they are very helpless despite supposedly being a floating fortress."
76561198326529542,Recommended,594570,35318333,Posted: 29 September,all,Fatboygoboom,i love this game!!!
,Recommended,594570,35510829,Posted: 5 October,all,Soup Teeth,im not good at reviewsIt fixed everything i didnt like about TW: warhammer 1its a reeeeaally good totalwar game
76561198055431987,Recommended,594570,35510281,Posted: 5 October,all,MegaWizardGuy,"The second game of this series is even better than the first one. The vast differences between races make each of them more unique and compelling. At the time of this review I have finished queek's campaign and I can say the Vortex storyline is filed with twists and amazing battles. Only gripe is the fact that the AI doesn't really use that many Interventions. There have been many times where I start a ritual, wait for chaos, fight for 2 turns and that's it."
76561198044341389,Recommended,594570,35511814,Posted: 6 October,all,wiggaGOTnoHART,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. A lizard riding on a carnosaur. ♥♥♥♥ing fun.
