user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,595090,32054098,Posted: 29 May,all,Fps_Rawb,"Prevent The Fall while it has its early quirks is actually pretty enjoyable, alot of potential with it being a hybrid game.. unfortunately ive yet to find or have someone join a public match. So far lots of items and dungeon crawling, ai is simple but still has some dynamics, gesture based attacks are fun although i cant figure them all out(oculus rift).Quite a few items so far.. armor, rings, staffs, swords, shields, ect with +stats to this or that. Long story short this is a rough foundation for a co-op rpg vr game alot of people have been waiting for.*Pro's-So far large amount of items-game runs smoothly (fps)-procedural dungeons give you replay-ability-Combat is fairly solid no classes just pick your weapon-Cross compatible with your flat panel friends! (untested)*things to watch out for (at least on rift)-Locomotion is not working (touch controls)-Uncareful Teleports can land you outside the map (and you fall forever making you force restart)-Enemies have no physics (so they often appear inside you if they get too close)-Exiting a dungeon back to menu require keyboard-Menu selection is quirky (twist wrist to make text turn clickable)"
76561197995481991,Recommended,595090,32392698,Posted: 13 June,all,Battle_Chicken,"EDIT: ""VR Dev  [developer] 27 minutes agoThanks for the review and feedback.We added control layout support a couple of updates ago. If you hit Escape or hold Select to open the Ingame Menu there is an option which I think reads Show Controls. That will display a control layout that is based on whatever control type you are currently using.""I feel like this game is underrated, I dont have much play time but I have really enjoyed it so far. I see one review that simply states : DONT buy if you dont have VR. well I dont have VR and I enjoy it, however:pros (w/o VR):1. You can play with your friends who DO have VR, which is pretty awesome.2. It is actually a pretty solid looking rpg with a decent progression system.3. The gameplay, while it has issues Ill discuss later, is challenging and enjoyable.4. You can play however you want, this game has no ""classes"" its all based on what weapons you are holding.5. simple and easy to navagate menus.6. Large variety of weapons to choose from each with its own perks.7. The game looks to have a decent amount of different quests to do in different environments and I imagine it will only get more of both.8. Maps are randomly generated each time you play.9. Easy to use progression system. When you gain a level put a point into dex, int, str, or end/stam, its that easy. Oh and obviously getting higer quality gear to use.10. No network issues, that I have seen yet. That in it self is amazing for an Early Access game.Cons(w/o VR)1. Stuck in third person(may be a con to some)2. Combat is...sluggish and at times very challenging as you dont have much control over where you swing other than infront of you.3. People who are playing in VR with you only show up as floating weapons, not sure if that will change but I hope it does.4. No control layout so you have to figure out what button is for what on your own, I accidentally found out that < changes weapons in your left hand and > changes them in your right.5. Weird control layout that you cant change, hopfully this changes.6. Personally I find it difficult to kill things that have sheild equiped, mostly because of the fact I already stated about not being able to control where/how you swing.Overall I do reccommend this game to anyone who enjoys an RPG. I would also reccomend playing with a friend as I find it more enjoyable with company. Considering all the flaws this game has, which imo are not many, I would give it a 7.5/10 in its current state. The developers are pumping out updates, I think they have put 2 out in the last week, so we know they are working on it and making it better."
76561198004233023,Recommended,595090,32195207,Posted: 5 June,all,∂∂∂,"i love it, Diablo 1 in VR =)"
76561198020562134,Recommended,595090,32062392,Posted: 30 May,all,lenrbelanger,"The developer is very active and responds quickly to bugs and suggestions, which in my opion puts him several steps ahead of other developers.The game is fun, though a bit buggy. As mentioned above however those bugs are getting ironed out as fast as you can report them.I see a real good game in the making and recommend this game to anyone with a VR system. Definitely worth the low price tag."
,Not Recommended,595090,32916161,Posted: 27 June,all,Shadow,"[This is an Early Access VR review and may not apply to the flat game]https://youtu.be/kskRxAs0ILcThe idea was great but the execution was pretty poor. The game just lacked quality. The concept was great. The music was good. The rest of the game fell flat on its face.I didn't mention the startup issues in the video but attempting to launch the game from the Steam Desktop app results in a pop up that appears only in the HMD. You get no indication on your desktop that anything has happened. You get a notice that the game natively supports VR but you're launching it as a flat game. I haven't had this issue with any other titles. Most are smart enough to launch into VR if Steam VR is up and running. I do this so I can set up OBS to record before putting on the HMD. It's much easier than putting everything on then trying to spin up OBS and point it at the appropriate window.Once in game, the text is very difficult to read. Even while reviewing the footage on a flat screen the text is blurry and painful to look at. That's not to mention the inventory system that's placed barely in view. I wish that the screens hadn't been tied to the HMD and had appeared as static objects in the world that I could lean into or look around.On the gameplay itself, the models and animations were pretty bad but I was going to try and overlook them because they seemed to actually want to make the AI smart enough to flank you and attack from behind instead of stand there and trade blows. This with an equipment/ability system that looked pretty interesting had my hopes up that the gameplay would make up for the lack of eye candy.Sadly I was wrong. The game never explains the ability system and I wasn't smart enough to figure it out on my own. The biggest nail in the coffin was the fact that you can Waggle to Win even against things much higher level than you. I was fighting lvl 6 mobs as a lvl 1 in a game where 20 is the max level and winning due to waggling. The world also felt very dead due to the fact that I couldn't interact with it. The sculls and bones littering the floor seemed like they were begging to be picked up and thrown at something but they were super glued in place...Let's not talk about the graphical glitch in the very first dungeon. The games got enough issues to deal with.Ultimately it just felt like there was no care taken with this game whatsoever. No pride, no passion, no effort. It felt like it was slapped together and pushed out the door."
,Recommended,595090,34249511,Posted: 14 August,all,johndraugr,"I had lots of fun playing Prevent the Fall. I maxed out my character at Level 20 after playing for hours on end. The graphics aren't state of the art, but they work fine for this game. Who knows maybe a graphical update might come down the road, still I was fine with the art currently available.The game is very action oriented with a lot of Hack and Slashing (and spell slinging as well) to clear various dungeons, and score the best loot possible. The random quest maker and dungeon maker is pretty good and gives enough randomness for the length of the game. There is a shop keeper to buy and sell goods too, which is a bonus. I didn't see mention of any shop keepers and kept my fingers crossed that there would be one. Games like this always need a shop keeper or two. Luckily, as soon as you start in the tavern, there is the shop keeper standing to the right of the bar.The number of dungeon types is a good size. Off the top of my head there are at least 7 or 8 dungeon styles. As for the number of monsters, there is a good deal of them. So many that even though I have already maxed out my character level, I STILL have not seen them all. The Red and Black Dragons, I haven't come across yet. Lots of monster and equipment content.There are a few issues, but none kill the game or stopped me from completing it (more like maxing out the character level. No real end to the game, I guess.). I still played on and had a good time. Here is a list of things that need to be addressed.1. The tavern is too small. I asked about this on the forums and the dev responded fairly quickly that he has plans to extend the tavern or perhaps even add various shops to visit other than the tavern.2. The shop keeper is just standing there to the right of the barkeep. No stall, or shop. What I'd like to know is where does he keep all those goods he sells? The small tavern would be filled to the brim with items for sale. LOL Still, as mentioned in #1 above, the dev responded to my inquiry about this issue and the answer above relates to this issue as well.3. There is one dungeon type which is an underground city. There are a few areas where you can fall through the floor and the game locks up. Again, I posted on the forums and the dev responded fairly quickly and will work on resolving that matter.4. Character customization. Currently, you cannot customize the character. I'm not talking about stats, etc as those are not really needed in a game like this, but physical customizations such as skin tone, height, hair type, length, color, etc. The dev responding to one of my posts said that player customizing is something he plans to do, or hopes to do eventually including creating female character types.5. Multiplayer is lacking in that there is no private/dedicated server to let you host your own session. Also, the way it works now, you create a game in lobby, but there are NEVER any games available, or listed, so you are pretty much playing alone. Again, I posted about this and the dev responded. Hopefully multiplay might see some improvements strictly when it comes to finding, joining or hosting a game session.Now, before I wrap it up, I want to say that the dev is very responsive on the forums and even takes suggestions, and lord knows I made quite a bunch of suggestions. The dev took time to respond and some of my suggestions may have already been in the plans already, and perhaps others might be something to look into in the future. Either way, was nice to know the dev cared enough to read and respond.In closing the game isn't going to compare or compete with games like Dark n' Light, Ark, Conan Exiles. Those are huge games with full professional staffing working on them. This game is developed by two coders and an external artist I believe. For what they've done so far, I think the game has its merits and is worth the $15 to go on random quests, in randomized dungeons, fighting various monsters and collecting epic loot.NOTE: I do NOT have any VR sets, so I cannot comment on the VR end of the game."
76561198345820889,Recommended,595090,32661872,Posted: 22 June,all,AVE FENIX,I really like this game! It feels like an adventure.
,Recommended,595090,32661756,Posted: 22 June,all,Madrox,Cool dungeon runner.  Updates are coming fast.  Feels like being inside D&D.
,Recommended,595090,35351849,Posted: 30 September,all,FastLawyer,"I am only now playing this on September 30, 2017 and my review reflects the game's current status.  I paid $5.99 on steam sale for this game.  I am rating the game at that price.  I played this on the Oculus Rift with Touch Controllers.  The only setting I changed was to enable the right controller joystick to allow for turning (I think by default it's for strafing only).No teleporting for me.I played solo and normal difficulty.All I have to say is that the reviews are wrong about this game.  They may have been correct before, but I did not experience any crashes or bugs at all.  The interface I didn't find to be difficult at all.  Could it have been better?  Sure, but it didn't take much time to get used to it and didn't take away from my fun factor.  The graphics are not PS2 era, please stop with the exaggerations.  Could the graphics be more modern?  Sure, but I don't know of a procedurally generated VR dungeon crawler that looks significantly better.  Could the dungeons be more imaginative?  Yes, but again then I doubt it could be done procedurally generated (maybe that amazing game we all want will come out soon, but it hasn't in VR yet).  Each dungeon that I visited did have enough differences that it didn't feel like I was just visiting the same places over and over again.  Each weapon gave combat a different feel.I think the game can be a little too easy on normal.  I definitely suggest a higher difficulty if you have any gaming experiences with dungeon crawlers.  I do agree that the combat can be a little too simple.  You definitely get a huge combination of weapons and magic to fight enemies.  The weapons have different attacks.  However, you can mow most enemies down with normal attacks (at least on normal difficulty).  The enemies are either melee and they rush towards you or ranged and they stay in one spot and shoot at you.  Bosses seem to be just bigger versions with more health and more damaging attacks.  Enemy types do vary widely (rats, birds, bats, orcs, etc.) More tactics are needed (maybe this happens later on or at higher difficulties).  The good news is that you do level up and get new skills and abilities and access to new weapons as you do.  Leveling happened at a pretty brisk rate.There is loot all over the place.  That's one thing the game definitely got right.  Definitely gets you motivated to go on to the next dungeon for more loot.  All the weapons I played with had different gesture based attacks on top of the normal one.  I definitely think this game is more fun if you go for the alternate attacks versus using the cheap normal ones.  The animations of these special gesture based attacks are well done.  Most of the weapons also looked very nice.  The quests didn't seem varied (get X, collect X amount, Kill X).  However, I liked how there was no grinding, it was basically clear this area out thenhold on to menu button for 3 seconds to get back to the bar for a new quest.  Rinse and repeat.In the end, I had a lot of fun. This is a good VR dungeon crawler.  I could definitely see improvements that could be made, but it's definitely worth the current price and even better at its sale price.  Don't listen to the haters.Sale price rating: 7/10"
,Recommended,595090,34786070,Posted: 6 September,all,ALbaiN,The Developer is very active and puts out a lot of patches and updates. This game just gets better and better each time the dev updates it which is often.
76561198167517366,Recommended,595090,32115130,Posted: 1 June,all,rantarded,love the game  but when i swap weapons  my sheild and weapon disapeard please fix soon wanna get back to lvling  great game tho enjoying it alot keep it up..update was my fire wall  glitching the weapons out.. had to do some adjustments.. but its fixed and the game is runnning beautiful..  8/10 cant wait to see what becomes of this game.. keep it up devs. loving it so far.. cant wait to see more people get on to play with people..
,Recommended,595090,32710274,Posted: 23 June,all,Dark chocolate,"""A rough gem""Could turn into something great in the future.It is still in a very early stage though.My review is based on VR experience."
76561198167680097,Recommended,595090,32690388,Posted: 23 June,all,btrinard,"I have been really looking forward to this game for a bit.  I was happy to see how enjoyable the gameplay was, even in the absence of VR equipment.  I would recommend checking it out."
,Not Recommended,595090,34118508,Posted: 8 August,all,deadering,"Very poor, no way was this ready for a 1.0 release. Immediately upon starting it is clear there are several bugs and a general feel of lacking polish.Those might be overlooked, even in a rushed early access game, but overall the game simply isn't fun.Stay far away from this even if you're hungry for some good VR RPG."
,Not Recommended,595090,33957375,Posted: 1 August,all,Ronny,"Not a fun game in its current state. Clunky menus, cheap unpolished feel. Terrible AI. Cross play between VR and non-VR players is a great idea though."
,Not Recommended,595090,34559733,Posted: 28 August,all,Dknighter,"The UI is not designed for VR at all, it's very hard and annoying to use. You can get stuck or lost under the map in the tavern/ menu. The graphics are very bad, PS2 era. The abilities are pointless to use since you can just insta kill anything by swinging 2 weapons at once. The AI is very basic, just walk towards you and attack. The missions get boring quick and are mostly all the same.The gear system is relatively well done but the rest of the gameplay lets it down. If the graphics, AI, UI and combat is improved this could be a good game but I currently don't recommend playing it."
,Not Recommended,595090,32122007,Posted: 1 June,all,DreadNought_40k,"Well... if you want decent Melee Combat gamelike me, you shouldn't buy this. Just try Tales of Glory (Demo)However, If you looking for simple hack & slash diablo styleVR Rpg, which I think its inappropriate for VR, It is your game.I cant recommend this one cause I gave a decent feedback forimmersive melee combat but seems it lost the ticket.Melee combat is just joke, soft touch spamming festival,not fun at all, there is no immersion & great feedback from enemies.I cant tell you about ranged & magic related contents causeI didnt play that way, used magic for only healing method.Hope they tweak the melee combat in a future."
76561198063942102,Not Recommended,595090,33200275,Posted: 3 July,all,PS5Owner,"Played it in Vr mode.  if you can get past the cheap feel of, well, just about everything...you may discover there to be a decent amount of depth."
,Not Recommended,595090,34532994,Posted: 27 August,all,ROW,"avoid. cheap clanky, dosent play well and just all out bad. refunded. sorry, i wanted it to be better than it was...QQ"
,Recommended,595090,33211717,Posted: 3 July,all,Xaraplex,Im really enjoying the game. Its one of the better RPGs in VR right now. I suggest a 3 sensor set up for oculus rift users to experience it  at its best. Looking forward to the future updates!
76561197961439297,Recommended,595090,33935418,Posted: 31 July,all,R0g3r M00r3,"Ok my fastest game review ever hahahah, 3 whiskys  and take note, you need to read the controls becaus ethere's some menus you need to hold buttons down !!!So in summary there is a graphics bug which make sthe game look a tad blurry when playing, but clear in menus :/ . looks like an easy fix.basically in summary just got killed by a giant spider 10/10 would get kille dby giant spider again. Well worth the £6.59.Update edit next day when sober, worked out the menu and what was going on, love this game, managed to get the sharp axe and gave the giant spider what for...glitched him behind a tombstone !!!mwhaaaaa!"
