user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198046303721,Recommended,595740,32048032,Posted: 29 May,all,Axl Krow,"Pretty damn fun game overall. My only complaint is how free mode is ""unlocked"" and the pace of unlocking characters themselves.You don't get Free Mode until the seventh chapter of the game and until then, the game is 4/5 Masayuki and the rest is Yukimura and occasionally another character or two.With that said, this game has the single best Story Mode of any Warriors game. It's not as flashy as the latest DW Story Modes, but characters are much more fleshed out and battles go into a lot more detail. Even side characters such as Hanzo and Kagekatsu get a bit more characterization than they do in the main series.As for performance issues, I'd advise Nvidia players to stay away until a patch is released. Every single person I've read that's had issues has had i5's/i7's and GTX's. But my game's been running fine at ~45-50 FPS; pretty standard for Warriors games. My build is, as follows:RX 480FX-630016 GB RAMI'm also running this game with Windows 10, but for some reason when I first launched it, it recommended that I played it in Win 7 comp mode. I saw no reason not to, but I did find it odd that a game released this year would have to be played in comp mode for an OS from two generations ago. Haven't tried it without any compatibility settings. Don't have any reason to do so, really.Anyways, best of luck to all the Nvidia players. Hopefully KT releases a patch soon."
,Recommended,595740,31955475,Posted: 25 May,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"For years upon years now, Omega Force's Warriors games have been criticised for sticking to their guns. The concept of fighting off entire armies as a supremely overpowered hero has been done to death by this point, but the truth of the matter is that when the developer dares to try something new, it's prone to falling on its face. Spirit of Sanada certainly isn't another horribly shoddy Dynasty Warriors: Strikeforce, but it also doesn't live up to the high standards set by Samurai Warriors 4. In fact, it's the weakest spin-off of the bunch.Moving away from the series’ hack n’ slash combat was never going to happen. In Spirit of Sanada, it’s still very much front and centre though Omega Force has reworked the playable segments between battles. For a while now, they’ve been playing around with idea of settlements – hub zones where players can liaise with other officers as well as buy and upgrade their gear.These castle towns and villages have always come across as a bit lifeless, however, like a waiting room or multiplayer lobby. Here, however, they feel slightly more alive. By simply walking around you can trigger cutscenes and events with some NPCs offering side missions. Other activities, such as training in the dojo and fishing, are also available, giving players more of a reason to stick around.It should be pointed out that you can use any unlocked character to take on the optional side battles but if those aren’t your thing, you could end up wasting a lot of resources. Then again, resources aren’t exactly hard to find. A stack of areas outside of the castle towns and battlefields are dedicated entirely to exploration missions which see you roaming through unmapped – almost dungeon-like – territory, trying to locate items which can be used in the main game. Rewards are given for fulfilling specific tasks, such as collecting a set number of different materials or exploring the entire area, and is all done against the clock. Given the simplicity of these sections, it’s surprising how very addictive they are. Sometimes you don’t want to jump directly into another battle, so heading out on your horse to try and find enough delicious bee larvae to fill your quota is a nice alternative.When you do decide to pick up your weapons and head out onto the battlefield, you’ll find that – unsurprisingly – if you’ve played a Musou game before, you’ll instantly feel at home. Drone enemies in their thousands wander around causing you very, very little damage and can be dispatched, dozens at a time, by even the least lethal attacks in your arsenal. Enemy officers put up more of a fight but on the standard difficulty level, you’ll find that you can essentially waltz through the entirety of the game without any effort at all.Even boss characters can be often defeated by strolling up to them, entering “Rage” mode, then hitting them with a single musou attack. For this reason, even the least experienced players should consider cranking the difficulty level up from the outset, otherwise you’re looking at hammering the square and triangle buttons without ever having to even think of employing any sort of defense. As long as you follow the game’s prompts and defeat the right people as and when you’re told, success is all but guaranteed.Spirit of Sanada has a useful friendship system similar to a Fire Emblem or Persona game, where exchanging gifts and completing tasks will increase an ally’s friendship with you, unlocking additional scenes, items, and Sanada Coins. These new coins, of which you can have six at one time, are used in battle for additional help. These Stratagems, as the bonuses are called, will slow down the enemy, destroy a bridge, and more depending on the battlefield you are on.Battles are massive multi-stage affairs with thousands of enemies onscreen, and even when you’re bored with fighting, there is a breadth of additional content to enjoy. Whether you’re engaging in the game’s encyclopedia or exploring the countryside and mini-games, there is a lot to consume for the history buffs and Musou fans out there. That’s if you can get past the graphics and engine that--much like the story--are remnants of an era bygone.Pros:+Improved focus on story and characters+Progress actually feels rewarding+Still retains that pick-up-and-play action gameplay with high KO counts+Unique viewpoint of one of the most prominent clans from the Warring States periodCons-Combat system peaked a couple of years ago-Same visuals as Samurai Warriors 4 (many of the same assets too)-Battles emphasise grinding which tests patience more than skill-New characters implemented at a snail's pace-combat is still a button-mashing affair (which still feels great for those that enjoy it!)-New characters implemented at a snail's paceNeutral=KB&M are not supported (not an issue for me since i use steam controller to play the game [i just point out this problem]=still no 4k & WQHD support (it is quite a deal for me since i play on my 38inch ultrawide monitor)ConclusionSamurai Warriors: Spirit of Sanada attempts to shake things up with a bigger emphasis on RPG elements and a more personal story, but it doesn't always hit the mark. Seeing events unfold from the perspective of just a few characters does make for an interesting and engaging narrative, but the pacing is bogged down by boring filler missions. Likewise, chopping huge historical battles into bite-sized chunks adds depth to each scenario, but the epic scale and the thrill of thriving battlefields are lost in the process. Spirit of Sanada certainly isn't a bad game, but it is one of the weaker Warriors titles.Verdict 2.5/5 get it on sale if you can, although the game is playable and 60fps for my pc but if you do not have a controller yet, you should pick this game later."
,Recommended,595740,31924975,Posted: 23 May,all,Brotip,Yes its a port. But its pretty good. Obviously controller recommended. Story is what you just expect. Love the multi battlefield feature. Keep it up !Edit: 6 hours into the game. Still not bored. If you like mosou games and you like to know more about the Sanada's its definitely a worthy game. I read alot of people have performance related issues. I have no issues at all with my specs.
,Recommended,595740,32054612,Posted: 29 May,all,Night,"I want to start off by saying i never would have thought id play a Samurai Warriors game that impact me emotionally as this one has. The added story that is based more accurate events of the Japanese Sengoku peroid was a marvel to read and learn about. The life of Yukimura Sanada was amazing indeed if even half of what was depicted was true.I honestly believe that this Warriors game is the best so far if only for the story alone. The gameplay is the same as always but felt faster, more impactful than previous installments. Being abel to go into normal attacks from hyper attacks allows you to almost seamlessy fight the small variety of enemies effectivly. The sense of progession is there as well, making you feel like throughout the story you were getting stronger and stronger. Only thing some may have an issue with is some mild grinding in exploration mode and Multi-Stage battles that you've already finished to level up more effectivly. The use of the new stratagem system was interesting even though sometimes you never had to really use them and Medicine abilites were basically useless so it was cost effective to sell all items that werent related to the blacksmith for some extra gold.Each character is interesting, even the ones i didn't Particularlly like and had their on strife, ambition, or ideal to follow, making them feel real and alive. The journey from Yukimura's childhood to his end was fun to see through other eyes.The only major downsides with this game is the graphics and cinamatic animations werent spectacular compared to current level games but a definite improvement for Koei Tecmo games. Some of the cinamatic fights scenes were fun to watch. If only they could improve on that as well as PC optimization for PC gamers.Overall this game was fantastic and would recommend any fan of the Warriors series to pick up and play. Hell if you're NEW to the Warriors series this is actually not a bad place to start.Bear the might of the Sanada!"
76561198006584991,Recommended,595740,32206647,Posted: 5 June,all,Pippin123,"Same old Samurai warriors, but with a much more satisfying storytelling, focusing on two generations of Sanada. (Focusing so much that Sekigahara is a ""secondary battle""...)"
76561198067472253,Recommended,595740,34162970,Posted: 11 August,all,fws0610,"If you are a fun of Samurai Warriors or Dynasty Warriors, you will enjoy this game. I think the weapon's upgrading system is actually interesting. If you like to develop every warrior to maximum it will take about 500 hours.HoweverThis game is truelt poor ported. As my pc this 16GB, i7 4770K and GTX780, the fps is always around 25~50. It is nothing about the graphic set up is your GPU is around the same level with mine. So for the pc gamers:If you just dont want to buy a play station (like me) and your pc's hardware is similar with mine, you can buy it.For those gamers have PS4 or an old gaming laptop, buy PS version or a PS4 :).Forgive my poor English"
,Not Recommended,595740,31965882,Posted: 25 May,all,Plerr,"Do yourself a favor and get this on PS4 if you can. I'm a huge sucker for Samurai Warriors games, so I know to expect... less than ideal quality from KOEI ports but they're getting worse and worse to the point where we really shouldn't support them anymore. Don't let the downvotes of all the negative reviews fool you - these optimization issues are severe and are affecting the majority of players.All the other crap aside the game itself is fun and the new BGM pieces are really great. Go buy it for PS4. Never PC."
,Recommended,595740,32050051,Posted: 29 May,all,Fioyl,"I adjusted the settings so it would work well on my slightly older rig and I haven't had any issues. I'm thankful that KT has started taking the PC route so that I don't have to buy a console to get my fix.I haven't finished the game yet because time is a treasure I don't often have, but I love it so far. This is what SW4, SW4-II, and SW4E should have been. I'm definitely looking forward to unlocking the characters who aren't directly linked to the Sanada and playing with them."
,Not Recommended,595740,31936053,Posted: 24 May,all,Zantagor,"At this point, I wouldn't recommend this game in it's current state.  And I am usually very forgiving toward KOEI.On a i5-4670 with a GTX960 4GB and 8GB Ram, I can barely get 35FPS in 1600x900 on Max Settings.  Setting it to Low settings I'll be at ~40FPS, and this is in TOWN which is smaller than the town in Toukiden 1.  In exploration mode, I'm getting ~30FPS, and Exploration mode is split in small areas (smaller than the map areas of Toukiden 1 again).Yet, on the same system, I can run at a near constant 60FPS Attack on Titan, Berserk, and DQH2 all which have much bigger areas, and much more complex looking maps (at least so far) on Max Settings!I think one of the reason is the lack of Exclusive Fullscreen mode.  Something I realized with Bladestorm and Arslan, both gave sub 50FPS as well, they all lacked exclusive fullscreen, they only supported windows and fullscreen borderless.AoT, Berserk, Toukiden 2, and DQH2 all supported windowed, borderless and exclusive fullscreen.Oddly enough, Sanada is also missing the usual FPS selector that all previous Koei port had (the 60, 30, 20 FPS one)It's a shame too, because I kind of enjoy the semi-open world setting, being able to explore the surrounding of the towns, etc.  And knowing KOEI, I doubt it'll ever be patched, we're still waiting 2 years after release a patch to fix Masamune's crash in SW4-II afterall.Update 2017-06-05: Well, no update on my support ticket with them since May 25th,  refund date limit is tomorrow, and still no news on any of their channels, so refund it it.Update 2017-06-13: Still not a single word about an update, so ya.... not effing happening."
,Recommended,595740,32488843,Posted: 16 June,all,Altaïr,"Samurai Warriors: Spirit of the Sanada... so this is the 10th game in the series (in terms of which games have been released here in Europe) and you'd think by now they would've ran out of ways to tell the story of Yukimura Sanada and pretty much every character in the game right? Nope, this time they focus more on the Sanada than anyone else... but they don't limit it to the Sanada.The story is still expansive and fun, it goes straight from the battle of Kawanakajima to the Summer campaign of Osaka Castle. What I like about this game compared to the other SW games, each battle is divided into different stages... so previously you had ""Siege of Odawara Castle"" where it'd just be 1 huge battle and boom, that's it. This time it'll be called the siege of Odwara but it will have different phases. This leaves room for a lot more explanation and time for characters to talk to each other and basically get a better idea of how things really happened. I thought by now the Sanada story would basically be complete... young warrior serves the Takeda, loses his reason to fight, gains it back when he meets Mitsunari Ishida and Kanetsugu Naoe... then Mitsunari dies, Kanetsugu betrays Yukimura and Yukimura has to fight his brother, Nobuyuki.. then he dies. Then is titled 'The greatest warrior in Japan' but nope, there's a lot more to learn in this game.As for the gameplay... follows the same basics as every SW game except now there are these things called 'Strategems'. These are strategies you can use in the battle. Like rally the army, use ninjas to spread false information, all of it can benefit you in the battle. Fighting a bunch of soldiers but the enemy is escaping? call on some ninjas to slow them down. 1 thing I really do like about this game compared to every other SW... Yukimura's ending.Samurai Warriors: He diesSamurai Warriors 2: Realises what he's fighting for and works together with Kanetsugu and Keiji Maeda (he does die but its not shown in his story)Samurai Warriors 3: He proves he can fightSamurai Warriors 4: Fights his brother and tries to put an end to Ieyasu's tyrannySpirit of the Sanada: All 4 of those but even more epicAnd 1 thing that's amazing about that... it's not a cutscene... it's an entire battle. You get to play as Yukimura, alone in Osaka, wiping out thousands of Tokugawa soldiers. How tf are they gonna top that in the next game? Also that 1 mission where Ieyasu runs from Yukimura reminds me a lot of Dr Robotnik in Sonic 2.There's also these hub worlds which you can explore and talk to people, it's just there for fun and extra info really but tbh I do like this compared to a menu screen. Is fishing fun or growing crops? no.. I'd go on Minecraft to grow crops and I'd play Big's story on Sonic Adventure to do fishing.You can also travel in these huge maps where you can find materials to use to make potions and enchant armour and stuff, it's fun but I rarely do that. I just bought the DLC for the overpowered weapons lmao. 1 thing I hate though is how some battles are 'Secondary battles' but because of that, they use smaller maps for them... the Battle of Sekigahara is apparently in Nagashino? wow. What a way to recycle maps... that's kinda lazy.The music in this game is fantastic. The new tracks are amazing and it's nice to hear some of the themes from Samurai Warriors 4 (since it is a Samurai Warriors 4 addon) however I hate how they still re-use SW3 music. Like the Tadakatsu Honda theme... make a new theme KOEI.1 problem with this game on PC... the framerate. People have been complaining ever since it came out and I won't defend the game whatsoever. I'm using a GTX 1060 6gb, i7 6700k and 8GB ddr4 ram and I'm getting... 40fps. It'll drop to 20 sometimes and it's just horrible... it's a shame because the visuals are amazing but if I was able to see it at 60fps or 144fps it would be brilliant. But KOEI have announced they'll be making a patch (if you're reading this at the time the patch is around then lucky you)In terms of DLC... is it worth it? well it's no longer overpriced so yeah go ahead. But it doesn't change much, just the weapons make people really easy to kill.Overall I think anyone who likes the Warriors games or Samurai Warriors should get this. It's a really good game and I think it's the 2nd best game to come out from them. Sorry but SW2 is still better. (We need an SW2 HD remake with the modern graphics)"
76561198076552542,Recommended,595740,32183732,Posted: 4 June,all,~Nutkun7993~,"Samurai Warriors: Spirit of Sanada or known as Sengoku Musou Sanada Maru in japan. A hack and slash game by Koei Tecmo. It is a spin-off of Samurai Warriors 4 and their counterpart of famous Dynasty Warriors series.It was released on November 23 2016 to celebrate Sanada year anniversary and cooperate airing along with climax episode of the NHK TV taiga drama ""Sanada Maru"".Samurai Warriors: Spirit of Sanada heavily focuses on history of Sanada Clan, and their roles in Sengoku War from since they served as retainer of Takeda Clan to the very last moment of Summer Siege of Osaka Castle. With highlight new character, Masayuki Sanada, the head of the Sanada clan during the late Sengoku period and the father of Nobuyuki and Yukimura. Entire story mode will be excluded to only Sanada Clan for a most part, with an opportunity to play as another clan as an optional battle in some chapter. It's 30 hours worth of story mode, by far the longest single clan story Koei has ever created for Musou titles, and most accurate and in-depth story yet. Several characters get characteristic improved and you will get to see how they develop into character throughout the war and hardship, especially the main characters such as Masayuki Sanada and Yukimura Sanada himself. The quality of story itself is extremely high and very enjoyable, for Musou game titles and retain the most faithful to history than all other games in same titles. It's like watching movies with musou gameplay to add a spicy.Story starts with Masayuki's first battle (Takeda's Kawanakajima campaign) and ends with Yukimura's final battle during the Osaka Summer Campaign. Since the story aims to be more faithful to history, the early chapters of the main story will star Masayuki since his children will be too young to fight. The Sanada clan, Hidetada, and Ieyasu will visually age their appearances throughout the narrative. Their movesets will change based on their age.The game retains the basic hack and slash play of the main series. The player controls a character through a specific battlefield against an army of enemy soldiers with objective of killing the enemy's commander, although the player will be issued to complete side missions that will raise the morale of the player's allies, open new path or acquiring additional rewards.The new feature including exploration area, allow player to travel to unlocked area to gain material or other item required for engaging in respective activity in camp. Player is allowed to level up a character in exploration to prepare for yet another fateful upcoming campaign. As player goes through main story, the game will sometime ask player to go to exploration area to advance story, as some of events related to main story is taken place in said area.The game also implanted ""The Sanada camp"" feature, It acts as the player's headquarters for the main story with free roaming features such as fishing, shopping, upgrading your weapon using materials, talks to various characters to gain varying perspectives, and learn the history fact at that current time setting etc. More activities will be unlocked as the player processes through main story line. The player can use the obtained ""Gold"" from either battlefield or exploration area to buy weapon upgrade or craft medicine that can be used in battle, as well as buying mounts that can be used to ride.Instead of stage selection, the game features new multi-stage battles, which are divided into several separate skirmishes affected by a day-and-night cycle of that one big campaign. All skirmishes in same campaign are related to each other, and player's performance in previous skirmishe will affect the next skirmish respectively. A mechanic called ""Stratagems "" is added, which allows the player to use a gimmick midway through the battle to aid the player's cause, such as calling reinforcements or building bridges. Stratagems requires ""Sanada Coins"", obtained by meeting several conditions or ""Feats"" in skirmish, or obtained by talking to specific NPC in camp. ""Feats"" also serves as a condition to unlock ""Stratagems"" for the next related skirmish in the same campaign, such as keeping certain allied officer's HP above half until the end of battle in order to unlock one of Stratagems related to that officer in the next ""skirmish"" etc, this challenges players to try to perform better other than mindlessly walk across battlefield and kill every one and then commander.Graphic is reused from previous Samurai Warriors 4 titles. Although stands stun with beautiful visual and environment same to its predecessor. Several new Original Soundtrack for the game, mainly for Sanada Clan and Sanada Characters. Especially for Sanada theme, they're standing as the best OST koei has ever offered.I recommend this game to any Warriors or Musou fan if they want to play a Musou game that actually is heavily focused on advancing story and actually have a feel of character's ""progress"", other than mindlessly killing soldiers with little history fact. This game hooks you to the story from the very start to very end with no let down feeling. I personally like this kind of Musou and wish they would make more of this.For PC port. The game hasn't been fully optimized and has some performance issue. Unless you have very powerful PC, you will be played with FPS drop. I recommend controller for a game like this since playing with Keyboard&Mouse can be discouraged."
,Recommended,595740,34770489,Posted: 5 September,all,Ai,"pretty solid game overall.Story 9/10Combat 9/10New Gameplay Machanic like Day-Night Cycle , ""Stratagems"", Gather materials , Exploring , Fishing , etc.5 New characters.Bad port 40-60 Fps Max setting @1080p on GTX 1070.@max setting the graphic is very good.If you like warrior game you will love this."
76561198142319825,Recommended,595740,34867428,Posted: 10 September,all,Tikes,"I have played all of the Samurai Warriors games to date and am a huge fan of the Warriors games. And I have to say this is the best Samurai Warriors and possibly the best Warriors game I have played. In Spirit of the Sanada they focus specifically on the Sanada Clan making their way through the Warring States Period. This game is much more story focused than previous installments, filled with tons of dialogue, characters and events. The main story took me around 35hrs to complete so it's not just some short spin off. The battles are very fun despite being a bit repetitive. They also have added in a day/night cycle which switches thing up a bit but makes battle time limits shorter. Furthermore, they've also included a stratagem system into this which can give you an advantage in a battle or make a task much easier to complete. While using them isn't necessary, it can make life so much easier in battle because some of them get pretty rough at times if you're not overpowered. The only downside is it takes forever to charge it up after complete objectives once before. I'm going to close by saying this, I've played through this series 5 times now (SW - SW4-II) and I've read up on the actual history featured in this series. I went into this game knowing exactly how things were going to play out and what the ultimate fate of everyone would be. But despite this I could not help tearing up. The way they executed the ending of this grand story was excellent. It left me so sad but very satisified. I just cannot praise this game enough. I highly recommend this to any Warriors fan and to anyone who is looking to get into the series.Pros:- An immersive, emotional rollercoaster of a story- A huge cast of unique characters- Great gameplay (Same as SW 4-II)- Amazing music (A lot of reused tracks from SW 4 with some new ones that really kick it)- Graphics are not bad, especially on the best settings.- Much more historically accurate than past entriesCons:- Exploration missions are kind of boring but thankfully fairly short (But that's my personal opinion)- After you initially complete the objectives, it gets a lot more difficult to charge up your strategems (Unless I'm missing something)- I've heard that a lot people have had some trouble running the game smoothly (I didn't have this problem myself)"
,Recommended,595740,34136563,Posted: 9 August,all,hahahadumpling,"Very solid game. Very eductional. This game gives a deep insight to the Sanada clan's  history. Compared to previous titles, this game is considerably harder and more intense during battles as  you always need to accomplish various tasks within limited time. This is very challenging but also very fun.If your are not sure about buying this or not. Heres some my opinions:-This is not a short series spin-off. The content of this game is huge. After 40 hours, I still haven't finished the main story.-New officers, new music, MORE battles. Less fancy paid DLC costumes but more focus on gameplay and story telling.-On max setting the graphic is stunning.-Replay value, of course.(Theres a 2016 japanese history drama called ""Sanadamaru"" which pretty much corresponds to this game. If you are interested in Sengoku history, I strongly recommend to go for a check)."
76561198009154047,Recommended,595740,32055233,Posted: 29 May,all,FalloutFox,"This game is great. I have no performance issues and my comp is by no means high end.The last warriors game I played was Orochi2 and this game has done nothing but improve.I love the mission calloutsall of the characters feel powerfulbest story out of all the warriors games I have playedCharacter switching done right, now you play as 2 seperate characters instead of 2-3 character swapout.Im sad to see all these reviews saying the game is not holding up performance wise, they are missing out on a great game.I'm 8 hours in and have only now started playing as young Yukimaru Sanada, I think thats about the half way point.If you love the warriors series give this a try, If you are one fo those unfortunate few that has performance issues you can always refund the game."
76561198053775292,Recommended,595740,32242266,Posted: 7 June,all,grizz273,"Amazing game. A great addition to the Samurai Warriors series focusing on, personally, one of my favorite clans, the Sanada. I have not had any performance issues with the game. It runs flawlessly, and it's quite challenging if you put it on the Hard Difficulty. This is a game that challenges you strategically, forcing you to switch between two different characters at times to complete objectives in different areas in the map. I love how detailed they go into the story, and the little touches like adding the ability to fish are stellar. Great game, and I would highly recommend for any Samurai Warriors fans."
76561198087533336,Recommended,595740,32388663,Posted: 13 June,all,Kue,"Pretty decent game, overall enjoyed playing it. It has a good story to it and the characters are great. Sadly the down fall is there's only a couple of things you can only do in game and it is really not worth the price range. Really great game, but I would recommand getting this on sale."
76561198163771079,Recommended,595740,32553432,Posted: 18 June,all,Tohru Adachi,Samurai Warriors Sprit of Sanada is everything you want out of a Warriors Game! Story! Combat! Japan!
76561198067954704,Recommended,595740,33921743,Posted: 30 July,all,nestharus,"Pros:Good stagesGood storyLots of charactersSome of the feats in early stages are much more difficult to accomplish than feats in late stages, practically requiring you to play the stage just to clear the feat.Cons:Exploration mode is the same stage chopped up in many different ways to spoof different stages. This would be fine except that the main story has you doing every exploration stage in the game, sometimes two times in a row and sometimes multiple exploration stages back to back.Rather than finding weapons, upgrade your existing weapon. I preferred finding weapons.Ultimate weapon quests replaced with random rare drops. I preferred doing the quest.I don't know if this was the DLC, but I started with an ultimate weapon on every character in the game more powerful than the regular ultimate weapon???One character is clearly overpowered. Every character gets an 8 regular attack combo with up to 3 strong attacks on up to the 4th regular attack in the chain. One character gets an 11 regular attack combo with 4 strong attacks on up to the 5th regular attack in the chain.The final stages can only be done by one character. They can't be replayed by the entire cast.I don't really like the new method to capturing bases nor do I like the new way morale works. It took away what little strategy there was and turned it into an action game of doing tasks. I guess for some this will be an improvement. For me, it lost part of what I loved about Warriors games.Miyamoto Musashi now replaces Maeda Keiji for me <3. Twice the speed of Keiji, hits harder, and has a much more powerful and faster regular enemy clear. Doesn't have the great ae that Keiji has carried over from Lu Bu attack set in Dynasty Warriors 4, but who needs ae when you have the ridiculous hyper attacks of Musashi. Also has a much more powerful Musou attack. Miyamoto Musashi 4life now :3. I hope someone in Dynasty Warriors 9 gets his moveset."
,Recommended,595740,35266226,Posted: 28 September,all,Monterossa,"This game is pretty good. Why does it have only 2,700 owners on Steam?"
76561198035391503,Recommended,595740,31936691,Posted: 24 May,all,lagrie,"Samurai Warriors : Spirit of Sanada.Is a new entry in the samurai warriors/musou franchise.Its a big improvement to the older games, and adds new stuff to the game.The game plays as a more fleshed out ambition mode from dynasty warriors.- 61 characters to choose from.- A good/solid main story line.- Semi openworld exploration.- Multi stage battles.- Quest system. (like getting herbs or finding an aggresive bear)- Tons of weapons to unlock for all characters/- fishing system (wich is pretty cool tbh)- Six coin system (to unlock strategems)- Keyboard + Controller are supported.Cons:- the game has a few performance issues. I found that turning of nvidea control pannel really helps allot.having between 50-60 fps atm.- It seems that the game doesnt show on your steam play list (but is present in the library).- no mous supportOverall a solid new musou experience. And a great new samurai warriors game.If you like Hack & Slash, Beat m Up or are a big musou game then try it out !Enjoy the game !"
76561198053290408,Recommended,595740,31929883,Posted: 23 May,all,RyuVista,If you are a fan of any of the warriors games or hack and slash games in general you will really enjoy this game. With the entire character roster from Samurai Warriors 4 and several newcomers there are plently of characters to play as. Also a much more focused and personal story this time around focusing on the members of the Sanada and Takeda clans mainly Yukimura and his father Masayuki.
,Recommended,595740,32882213,Posted: 27 June,all,Ralen Stargrazer,"This is the best Warriors/Musou game I've ever played. Not only does it have the improved Warriors combat system of the Samurai Warriors games, but it also has the most in-depth and engrossing story out of any Warriors game I've ever played. You follow the life of Yukimura Sanada and his never ending battle to protect his family and loved ones in a time of chaos in Japan (the Sengoku ""Warring States"" Period). This Warriors game is also incredibly unique for having multiple social hubs, side quests, crafting, and expanded progression you'd never find in most main series Warriors games.What's even better is this is the first true PS4 port of a Samurai Warriors game to Steam, as Samurai Warriors 4-II was a strange hybrid between the PS3 port and the PS4 port. The visuals and graphical fidelity of Samurai Warriors has never looked better, and the environments are absolutely stunning on max settings. Some have argued optimization isn't the best, but I haven't had issues with my GTX 770, 12gb RAM, i7 930 @ 2.93ghz running everything on max with anti-aliasing and v-sync off.The only potential downsides are that this game does not offer online multiplayer and there is no option to create a custom character. That being said, all of the other series mainstays are available to acquire and use in free mode. Also, acquiring legendary weapons is far easier and less tedious than they were in 4-II, where you had to do the most convoluted things to acquire them. I'd recommend this game to any Warriors/Musou fan as well as samurai fans. This is easily one of the best samurai experiences you can play to date.Update: This game will run at a solid 60 fps in social hubs and battles (only 30 fps during cutscenes) provided you have strong enough hardware. I never once saw a dip in performance, but I'm also now using a GTX 1080 Ti, i7 7700K, and 18gb of RAM. I'd imagine a 1080, 1070, and likely a 980 and 970 would also be more than adequate for the job."
,Recommended,595740,32247577,Posted: 7 June,all,The Lords of Misery,good game
,Recommended,595740,31931044,Posted: 24 May,all,Nima,many things improved on this series and story is good enoughjust performance isn't very good but it cant be a serious problem i think 40-45fpsi played near 2 hrs and don't see bug this is too goodcant understand ppl negative feedback  for not important issues
76561198065016267,Not Recommended,595740,32137268,Posted: 2 June,all,Goemon,"Needs to be optimized for Nvidia cards. Every once in a while the frames drop incredibly low making game almost unbearable. I'm not even sure what the reason is except being a poor port as it will happen when there is barely anything on screen.I have a 1080 ti with an i7 7700k and play every other game I own on maxed settings yet this one will slow to a crawl. Once again it only happens every once in a while so while I like the game, I wish I had bought it for PS4 instead. This seems to be a problem for most of Koei's PC ports."
,Recommended,595740,32440666,Posted: 15 June,all,DeltaAce,Highly recommended for those who are intersted in experiencing just how deep the Sanada pride is.Tears/10 :(
76561198012410856,Recommended,595740,32171103,Posted: 4 June,all,SkyLancer880,"Improved and expanded version of ""Samurai Warriors 4"", with story, focused on (but not limited to) Sanada family during the Sengoku period. Day/night cycle, that affects the course of the battle.The surroundings of battlefields and cities are quite well detailed.If you experiencing performance issue, try use compability mode (with Windows 7, if you use Win 10) or vice versa (do not use)."
,Recommended,595740,32493559,Posted: 16 June,all,Enthasius,"Be warned, at present, technical issues are still a factor, poor framerates seem rife with most rigs, apparently Nvidia graphics card based ones specifically. Ultimately though, and to keep this a somewhat more brief review than I'd normally go for, I found this Spirit of Sanada a very fun divergent to the usual Samurai Warriors game.The gameplay is very much as you'd expect, very little goes against the series grain. Likewise, as a port it looks okay but it's nothing stellar, and if you've not gotten into a Warriors-esque game in the past, I find it unlikely this will change your mind.That being said, across the 40 hours I spent with this, with only a small amount of grinding for resources, the real meat of this game is that of the full stretch of (mostly) Yukimura Sanada's life in the Sengoku period, dabbling a bit before and afterwards thanks to his father and the survivors after said conflict.This is actually a very different style of Warriors game due to this focus, and a great deal more time is spent on the various people and politics of the era. You will get to know a lot more about the figures therein, and this really does make this game a worthwhile play for anyone interested in the era along with a general enjoyment of a solid hack-and-slash game. Mild crafting and a couple of very simple minigames are hidden within but it's not worth considering for those reasons."
,Recommended,595740,32001466,Posted: 27 May,all,Semaji95,"This is a really great game in general. The combat feels more in depth than its previous games. The new combos, crafting, and creating systems is a nicce touch to it. The story battles were a little confusing if you play its previous game. There is no free battle system so your best chance of using multiple characters is during the main battles. I also like the training system too, makes it feel like your actually trying to upgrade your character.Overalll, I would give this game a 7/10, due to the lack of a free mode, Co-Op functions, and ,maybe a little bit of free realming itself after the story. If you choose to continue the game once you beat it, it will only take you back to the last battle, so you won't have much time to do everything you want, so best to do everything while in the story.EDIT: I'm sorry I was wrong, you can go back and do what you want, by pressing the ""Y"" button, that will switch from main battles to open map mode of towns and areas."
76561198007372554,Recommended,595740,31994528,Posted: 27 May,all,Siggerad,"A very different, enjoying experience, is a good step for sandbox (i hope some day). Is not SW 5 is a combination of Nepnep hyperdimension games with SW, DW, plus mini games fishing and harvest; is nice have some variants of the Musou games; i dont know but remind me alot the Sanada Maru japanese drama, how the father was the most brillant strategist close to line to be a mean ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Cons:- PC port is weird, really not the quality of a Omega-Koei-Tecmo game.- FFS drops some times. (i play in standard settings, i try high quality and in the town have a bit of lag)- I read the forum and some players have CTD.* I just hope Koei fix the optimization on PC the game is amazing.Pros:- Is a SW Mosuo game i dont need more pros XD.- Inmersion in the Sengoku Jidai as the Sanada clan, ??? the game have meaning and lore.- You can play as kid Yukimura with a wood lance xd.If you are a fan of the series or if you like, hit & slash combo games plus progression of your toon this is for you, enjoy with a cup of coffe or tea and kill your gamepad XD enjoy.PD: A gamepad for this games is the best, i know there are alot of people who play with K&M but for me is like play any Total War game with gamepad XD."
76561198003894643,Recommended,595740,32010539,Posted: 27 May,all,DawnHunters,Absolutely awesome always loved the dynasty warriors and samurai warriors franchises and thesanada have to be my absolute favourite characters.
,Recommended,595740,31931604,Posted: 24 May,all,Ruben T,"Don't be scared of the mixed reviews on this game, the people dragging it down are people having problems with the game itself. And as we all know, problems in terms of PC can mean a whole array of things, but back to the review.I personally have never touched a samurai warriors game, so this is my first in the series. Though i have played a lot of dynasty warriors through the years. As a fan of that series i can easily say this hits straight home.The pros:-Good combat, satisfying comboes and hitting enemies feel like the hits have impact.-Story so far is interesting and the big battles manage to make the game intense.-Levling and managing your characters is still a thing here, and for people that enjoy levling this is truly something for you.-1vs1000 feeling is still in place, great as ever.The cons:-General performance issues at times, not enough to give the game a negative review, just a heads up on that note.-Personally i would want more micro managing as in the empires series, but that's just me.All in all i would say i can see myself spending a lot of hours on this game, and i really needed something to help me get into the hype train of Dynasty Warriors 9."
,Recommended,595740,31956635,Posted: 25 May,all,Draganite,"It is a port with no mouse support. Technically, you don't need a controller to play this game but for maximum Musou experience you should get one. It is not surprise that many people are having a hard time playing with keyboard.A bit of performance issue but I enabled Nvidia high performance processor. It runs smooth and beauty like a lady butt cheek. Gameplay is a good ol' Mosou series where you mow every sons of ♥♥♥♥♥es down like a real samurai, semi open world, and multi stage battles which mean your deed in a battle will affect the next one. Although this game focus on Sanada Clan, there are plenty of characters you can play both old and new. The new guys like Masayuki is four-stars badass on par with big deal of the series like ol' Tadakatsu. No English voice btw but since the game set in feudal Japan, it makes sense. Sort of.Apparently, you can play as 9 years old Sanada Yukimura, wandering around countryside on horseback, beating ninja and 8 feet tall bandits to death with a ♥♥♥♥ing stick. In your face, Rockstar."
,Recommended,595740,31937825,Posted: 24 May,all,Challenger,I enjoy the game and easily get about 50-60fps on a 1070 running things on high settings. The game does have some problems with some AI being invincible until a certain pop-up comes up. I hope that gets fixed because it can screw you over time wise.
,Recommended,595740,32229277,Posted: 6 June,all,gudangsebelah,"i love this game, since only 2 samurai warriors game come to PC,,hope koei add new weapona and costumes in this game"
,Recommended,595740,32356434,Posted: 11 June,all,Dawn_Raider,good old samurai warriors with with stories about my favorite character!still waiting on DLC Horses & Mounts.
,Recommended,595740,32175448,Posted: 4 June,all,Darkstarsky,Legendary
76561197972952845,Not Recommended,595740,32452594,Posted: 15 June,all,SoPp,"You have to update evrything on your computer to get it to work and that dident help for me. Dont buy it on computer, it dosent work. They say on forum ""Update gpu driver to latest and disable all other programs which can suck your pc power. "" and that dident help, maybe it does for some computers. This was a wast of money!"
76561198354878323,Recommended,595740,31937060,Posted: 24 May,all,OGA,GOOD
76561198074322727,Not Recommended,595740,31925219,Posted: 23 May,all,santodomingo123,"In its current state the game is unplayable for me. I have a computer that should be good enough to run this game (have never had any other problems with games before), but starting out in the castle town the game crashes as soon as I finish talking to Yukitaka. Up to that point it is super laggy. Huge shame, since I love the musou games and had been waiting for one that focuses more on the Sanada."
,Recommended,595740,32312914,Posted: 10 June,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Not Recommended,595740,31930864,Posted: 24 May,all,q8soltan,This no lanch my pc wyPlease kweakly update this game
76561198047873861,Recommended,595740,34528349,Posted: 27 August,all,Krohomm,One of the best Warrior game overall.A lot of content as usual and a really good story.It's the first time i felt so close to the characters in a Warrior game in my opinion.
,Recommended,595740,35431672,Posted: 2 October,all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad",A truly awful and bizarre port that holds back a really interesting look at a clan. One of the main pieces to be primarily set after Nobunaga's death
