user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,596970,34618273,Posted: 30 August,all,Nanako =^.^=,"Review Updated September 15th 2017 after first patch, verdict remains negative.I will continue to update with future patches------This review is about sunless skies in its current state, and contains no hopes, dreams, imaginations or illusionsI purchased this game on early access within two minutes of release. I'm a longtime fan of Failbetter games, and i intend to follow this closely. This review particularly, I intend to update regularly.Right now, in its current state, sunless skies needs work. The main problem is the economy. Gold rewards from quests are kinda low. While the cost of fuel and supplies has doubled since the previous game.A recent patch has improved rewards of some early quests, which helps last a bit longer before you run out of money, but the same result will happen eventually, the crew quickly descend into cannibalism and starvation in a poverty spiral towards game over.There is some hope. A couple of things offer repeatable, easy and really boring money. Some of these are so lucrative they really should be classed as exploits, like the tea to visions of heaven route in port avon.Many quests offer little or even nothing, when you were expecting, hoping and desperately praying for a reward. even just a box of biscuits. Port reports can pay roughly 40-60% of your operating costs for fuel and supplies, they never fully sustain you. quests are supposed to make up the rest, but they simply don't. And there's no trading/cargo running yet, everything is the same price in every port, except for a couple places where developers might just have made a typoThe severity of the economy forces you to scrape every penny, and look at everything like a ferengi. Every encounter, every event, every battle, you need to look at it as a financial transaction. Getting hit by a monster costs money. Sending out your bat costs money. Sailing off into the unknown in hopes of finding a new island costs money, you're out of pocket if you dont find profit there.Severe balance issues make it difficult to enjoy the game in its current state, or see much of the content. Being forced to constantly think in financial terms makes it impossible to relax and enjoy the writing, it forces you into a mentality that's opposed to what a narrative based game should be aboutAlso, the most devastatingly bad downside of all. The developers have removed manual saving.  Although they have moved away from the permadeath model of sunless sea a little by allowing you to reload after death, you only ever get exactly one savefile. It's an autosave and its overwritten automatically whenever you do anything in a port. Which means you're locked into the outcome of any story or decision, and you can't reload to experiment with multiple paths, or to retry things you failed. Yea that's cheating, but its a singleplayer game, cheating is your right. And I shudder to think of what would happen if you suffer save file corruption. And if you happen to misjudge and arrive at a distant port without enough fuel or sanity to get home, you're screwed. it's going to autosave on arrival and you're stuck thereIn correspondence with developers, i have confirmation that manual saving was intentionally removed and wont be returning. They plan to implement a more forgiving legacy system instead, ie, keeping some things after death when you start a new game. This is unfortunately a bad idea - the roguelike elements of sunless sea were an unsuitable design decision for a large, narrative driven RPG. You could spend over 60 hours on one captain, its silly to throw that away and start over, going through the same storyline again. FBG seems to want to entrench that failure instead of reversing it.However, good or bad, legacy/roguelike features are not in at all right now, so the autosave will give you trouble.The overworld feels empty. Of course it does due to an early lack of content, but they've planned ahead and given you all that empty space in advance before filling it. Travelling between ports is a completely bland nothing of floating through space, with nary a creature or obstacle or feature or any other interesting thing to look at. The area around ports is amazing, really, truly. But the area between them is a big nothing. FBG could, and perhaps should, just shrink the world to get rid of some of the emptiness. we'd lose nothingIn addition, the game is jam packed with bugs. Thats probably to be expected from EA but it bears mentioning nevertheless. Scenery will randomly pop in or out, 5:4 aspect ratio doesnt work right,  and there's a really severe bug where entire ports and their constituent islands simply vanish from the game, though still appearing on your map. The first patch has fixed about 35% of the bugs, but there's a lot left and this game is still far from stable.One of the crewmembers is a placeholder, with a polite window informing his quests and content will be added later. However two others lack even that window, and attempting to talk to them simply does nothing. I don't honestly know if their quests exist yet, or if they're just bugged somehowIt needs more work, i can't recommend it yet"
76561197993824256,Recommended,596970,34773172,Posted: 6 September,all,MarQan,"Why you should NOT buyIf you haven't played Sunless Sea before, you should  play that instead, it's superior in every way at the moment.The game is not worth its price in its current state. It was a kickstarter project where the game cost £15, so it would be unfair to go below. Reasonable Kickstarter prices always intended for the finished product.The game is still in active development, and far from finished. You will encounter bugs, some even gamebreaking. Which is why you're advised to make hard-saves regularly (from the save folder).Some of the end-game features require incredible grind at this point, so you likely won't win the game.So with those in mind it's clear that at this point customers are more like testers. You're required to browse the forums for either bugfixes, or tips to survive (especially because the wiki is almost empty).Why do I even Recommend then?I trust the developers.With all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs and publishers out there, Failbetter Games is one of the few I actually trust.The value I got from their previous game is so high that even if Sunless Skies development stops right now, I wouldn't feel robbed. I wouldn't trust them anymore, but I wouldn't feel bad about my initial decision.As stated above I loved Sunless Sea, and Sunless Skies looks like a kind of sequel, and definitely the same genre.The atmosphere and feeling of the game is really good already, which was one of the strongest aspect of Sunless Sea as well.The stories are so good in a weird, creepy way. You just have that constant feeling of dread that just hangs in the air. Dark magic and terrible things constantly happen to people, it's just the way life is in the Unterzee and the High Wilderness. Now I have to state that I never read or was interested in anything like H.P. Lovecraft or China Meiville. However I might read their works because of how amazing Sunless Sea was.DisclaimersI might not update this review, another reason it's Positive; current date: 2017. sept. 06.I know that my review affects the percentage seen on the Store page (only 23 reviews atm), and I'm basically lying by saying that I recommend the game in its current state. But I also believe that people should check reviews before buying EA games, or they just don't care enough what they spend their money on.As a sidenote about the ""trust"" part: I was someone who was really interested in No Man's Sky: sci-fi is my favourite genre in everything, and survival is my favourite type of game. The game looked amazing in every trailer.I still didn't buy on release, because I didn't trust them and I did my research.Now, after a year and 3 major updates I bought it at €24, and I'm very satisfied.Maybe this will convince you that I'm not completely crazy for trusting Failbetter Games this much."
76561198046840917,Recommended,596970,34617930,Posted: 30 August,all,SirHooper,"As someone that loved Sunless Sea, this definately gives me the warm and fuzzies. The art is absolutely amazing, the music just makes your ears happy and the feeling of being a successor to Sunless Sea is there. That being said, there are some blaring issues that I think you can really attribute to being an early access.Anyone that hasn't played Sunless Sea for many hours isn't really going to understand much of anything that's going on. It very much immediantly drops you into the deep end and says ""sink or swim"". The controls for your train(?) feel very loose and sloppy and that leads to combat feeling very chaotic and painful. A little autopilot help getting into and out of ports couldn't hurt anything. I understand that this is in the air, not the water, so it's not going to be exactly the same.The world, while beautiful, feels very empty. It really does feel like an empty sky with a few interesting points of interest, and I do mean a few. Interacting at ports really gives off a browser flash game kind of vibe. It just doesn't really have that satisfying feeling of progression and exploration and really seems to be more of a CYOA than an in depth story.Speaking of exploration, the bat uses up your resources?! What? Why are we being punished for exploration? You get to choose between exploring the world and discovering new places or surviving. As a brilliant young girl in a commercial once said, ""Por que no los dos?"".When in the ports, buying and selling needs work. As far as I could tell, there's no indication of the amount of money you have and no indication of how much space you have in your hull. I guess you're just expected to remember everything or pay for the costly error of accidentaly buying to much fuel.TLDR; the world is beautiful, music is great. It feels very much like early access, sloppy and incomplete. But I imagine this will be fixed and I for one am very excited for this new adventure."
76561198034218526,Not Recommended,596970,34642656,Posted: 31 August,all,Mogget557,"I loved Sunless Sea and Submariner and will likely love Sunless Skies once it has been improved; however, until that time the game is severely lacking development.The question of (under)development is constellated around the idea of 'early access' -- what is a reasonable expectation for an early access game? Sunless Skies is honest and open about its current, low-content release; many interactions are not available and roughly only 25% of the game world is explorable. Nonetheless, the content that is provided is compelling and the quality of the writing equals the storylets of Sunless Sea.If the only issue were the reduced content, I would happily rate the game with a positive review.However, the frequency and number of bugs in the game make it nearly unplayable. I have gone through five captains and four of them were lost (or made to restart) due to in-game bugs. Sometimes ports are displayed on the map but aren't visible or available for interaction in the game at all. The inventory doesn't update properly with the acqusition and use of items, and it sometimes locks the player out of the menus entirely or makes it so enemy ships cannot be scuttled for the rest of the run. The game doesn't always 'pause' while reading and progressing through pages of storylets at port, and enemies can attack and sink you while you turn the page of the narrative.As it is now, the game resembles an alpha release, where the number and severity of bugs overwhelms any opportunity for consistent play. I look forward to playing a more polished release and am confident that Failbetter will deliver it, but at this moment I cannot recommend that anyone purchase the early access game."
76561198061687467,Recommended,596970,34797592,Posted: 7 September,all,Screwby,"I hope this ""review"" somehow makes it to the developers. I really like the series (is this a series now?) and I wanted to voice my opinion. Hope it helps.--- Things What Work (and deliciously so) ---- Train Movement and Systems:I'm a sap for games that are in space. Also one's with dark Victorian settings and Antedeluvian horrors, hence why I'm here. So despite other people's groaning I actually like how the train you pilot moves compared to the ships in SSea. For those unaware, the train works like a real space ship. You have a forward thrust for general power and directional thrusters for course correction. It feels like I'm actually trying to wrestly a beast of protyped technology and makes for a more engaging traveling experience then what was in SSeaAlso the fuel on board now serves double duty as both power for the engines and what heats the ship. Space craft in real life have to keep the interior heated because A: space is a bit nippy and B: we don't generally like dead astronauts. It's bad P.R. So fuel kinda works the same way supplies did in SSea. If you run out of fuel you run a good risk of a slow death. It's just another way to die without having to really pay much attention to anything new.- Combat:Combat in SSea was one of two things: a boring nautical equivalent of aircraft turn-fighting to get on a ships rear (stern...? bow...?) OR it was a ""OH MY GOOD GOD BACK AWAY WHILE FIRING KEEP THAT SPIDER AWAY FROM THE SHIP"" until something dinks you (seriously, to hell with the Constant Companion). I'm could skip around for joy that they took that system out to the barn for a dirt nap.Now the combat revolves around using both your forward thruster and directional thrusters in a masterful 2D dance of death around whatever is attacking you. It's both faster paced and just plain more fun since the enemies can do it too. Also your weapons don't auto lock onto a target and can produce excess heat if you fire them too much. This excess heat can damage systems. So yea, all around a much more engaging engagment. I feel like I'm going to use that word a lot.- Character Development:One of my favorite things about SSea and my new favorite thing about SSkies. Before in SSea you could choose a character backstory in order to kinda role-play as someone in universe. It wasn't just a insert-yourself-here affair like most other RPGs do, but it only really affected certain character stats. Kind of a let down. In a lot of RPGs it's been found that if a game will allow you to basically insert yourself in you will act as you normally would, which is usually to be a goodie-goodie. This almost makes it pointless to add any kinda of ""bad-guy"" option.HOWEVER, in SSkies as you earn experience you can unlock events from your character's past. Not only does this allow you to craft a more interesting person to RPG it up as, but evidently this will affect how characters in the game treat you. I cannot write here just how great this new format is, but it feels like your the new captain in town and as you accomplish things your story will be unearthed by the people of the Reach and your name will become either famous or infamous. Its not a choice of ""Be good, be in the middle, or be cartoonish levels of evil"" either. These choices make sense and come about from really good morality vs. personal gain standpoint.--- Things What Don't Work (but I think could be improved upon) ---- Navigating the Reach (Salesmen and Bats):Honestly, I really didn't want to buy this game until it was released. I just didn't want to spoil anything. However, someone being a♥♥♥♥♥♥on the community hub forced my hand. This person argued that the position of the starting point (London in SSea, New Winchester in SSkies) from the western most part of a grid to the center of a circle made the time it would take to travel to each port and how much fuel and supplies you would use increase by a large margin.This person was right theoretically (as much as it pains me to say) in how they argued it with the Traveling Salesman Problem, but not practically. The circle the Reach encompasses is FAR smaller then the Unterzee and you use supplies and fuel to a very similar rate. This means you actually get more distance for your fuel. What makes it seem so large is that there is sizeable swaths of completely empty space that would have normally been filled in SSea. This means less ports, less places to stop, less opportunties to stock up. I imagine this will be resolved.Hey look, I explained that without being a♥♥♥♥♥♥either. Points to me!What I really have an issue with is that damnable bat though. Like in SSea you use a bat for navigation assistance. You send it out, it looks for something interesting and then reports back with a direction to go find it. Its a nice system, but now that bat requires supplies to use. Oh god, why? There's barely anything in the Reach and you expect me to keep sending the bugger out just to return ""saw nothing captain"" again and again? And have it use supplies?! I understand you may want a drawback to using the bat for those that would go around spamming it, but allow me to suggest an alternative.You mention in the writing that the bat can be a bit mischiveous. The captain has to coax it with a meal of beetles until it finally spills what it knows, right? Maybe make it so that if you over work the bat it will give you misinformation. Maybe even point you towards danger. I imagine this would be making a simple system more complex, but it's an opportunity worth mentioning.- Writing:Stay thy pitchforks, fandom. I love the writing in Fallen London and SSea as much as anyone. It was scary enough, weird enough, ambiguous enough, yet detailed enough to get me really (and I mean REALLY) interested in the games and it's the reason I kept coming back. I wish I had the ability to write like these people do. I am happy to say it is just as humorous and unnerving in SSkies as before, but I have two issues.First, some lore bits are explained a bit too much. Things like the war between London and the Taccies (tackies?... tactites?... oh screw it) and what the researchers at traitors wood were looking for were explained a bit too much. Other things like the... oh what's it called? The place where you can lower your terror? I'm bad with names. Yea, it's services to clients it allowed and didn't allow was explained very well. You had to dig to get there, and once you did the full extent of what you really learned remains to be unlocked in your own head-canon. There's a disparity between what is explained well and what is not that worries me. I blame the early stage the game is in.Second, there's a lot more character to player dialogue and more overall description text now. I actually like this. It makes every character feel different rather then in SSea, where most characters seemed like shady back-handers because the writing was so ambiguous. I like that there is more description for characters and places, but my concern is whether or not this will eliminate more of the ambiguity then it should. The best horror resides in what you do not know. I hope this game keeps to that.--- Things What Are Broken (but hey, what do I know?) ---- Factions (and how to identify them):In SSea, if you locked onto something in combat it told you what it was. (Oh, hi Eater of Names. Goodbye now!). That's not a thing anymore. I'd like this system because it makes some things mysterious and when you kill it you can identify it. However, you can never identify anything later on in the game that you have already killed. Likewise, this ended up in a friendly-fire incident where I shot down a ship of a faction I supported. Other then that I like the addition of factions I can support.- Economy:I just wish there was one... also I sold something I bought at one port for the same price at another. What in the what? It's impossible to make money in this game..."
76561198045077314,Recommended,596970,34911579,Posted: 12 September,all,Culac,"Sunless Sea is known to be punishing, though very satisfying once one is able to break out of the early-game loop of mushroom-wine trading and making desperate runs back to London. Unfortunately, many people, myself included, often cannot break out of that early-game hell, and that is at the point where Sea loses its appeal.Luckily, Failbetter, having learned from their mistakes, have taken another crack at the survival genre with Sunless Skies, and from what I have seen, they're doing a hell of a lot better, even in this early version.--Positive--Many have said that this game is Sunless Sea IN SPACE, but I find it to be rather different. While the gameplay may retain a great number of aspects from Sea, the fact that the game is set in a gravity-less environment is handled well, and controlling the sky-ship feels very different from that of a boat, offering a much greater degree of mobility. This lends itself well to combat; while combat in Sea consisted of trying to get astern of your enemy and blast them to scrap while praying that they didn't do it to you first, in Skies, it is possible to fight somewhat strategically by dodging enemy projectiles and the like. As well, the ""heat"" mechanic is a welcome introduction; rather than waiting for your gun to reload, you can fire as much as you like but might overheat. This adds, in my opinion, more of a sense of peril and is a constant reminder that you are not driving a boat, but braving a strange version of the cosmos in what is essentially a steam locomotive with thrusters on it.The region available at the current time has only eleven ports, as opposed to the more than 40 in Sea, but they are gorgeously detailed and much larger, and as well, each seems to have its own unique aesthetic. You might come into one port built on floating ruins, but the next could be a verdant jungle. My personal favorite is a city on a giant flower.--Negative--The game, as it is now, is full of more bugs than a slab of beef that's been left out in the sun. Enemies often float by without a care in the world, and will only rarely turn to fire at you, even if you're pelting their starboard hull with bullets. At times, you may even run across enemies that are stationary, which only move once you shoot them. Rendering is a major problem; coming upon a port is always signalled by the sky becoming cloudy, but oftentimes, once you leave that region, instead of gradually transitioning from fog to a sparser starry backdrop, the fog will simply vanish once you get far enough away. The worst problem of all, however, is a terrible bug that seems to occur by exiting to the menu screen and going back into the game. When coming back in, everything on the map save for the port you are currently in will vanish, leaving the game unplayable.There are only four enemies in the game, two of which are trains and the other two denizens of the Wilderness, one of which is apparently so rare that I have not come across a single specimen in 13 hours of gameplay. While it is fun to fight these ships and take money or salvage off of them, eventually tedium sets in as you encounter the 17th identical pirate ship in a row.The game is rather sparse right now, and the only stories available are small-scale ones. It is possible to recruit named crewmen as in Sea; however, many of them are not implemented yet, and thus, the majority of your crew, after some hours playing, will inevitably consist of such individuals as  ""Placeholder Quartermaster."" It is such a lack of content that eventually led to me stopping the game for the time being for lack of anything meaningful to do.--Overall--Sunless Skies, Failbetter's second attempt at an open-world survival, may be in early access, but I can already see, despite the early-version flaws, that the game will be great when it is released, having taken the best aspects of Sea's gameplay and improving on unfavorable aspects. While the game is not quite as refined as I would have expected of a public release, albeit an early-version one, Failbetter has never steered me wrong and I eagerly await their final product."
76561198326305145,Recommended,596970,34634194,Posted: 31 August,all,andreas.cealera,"It's really awesome. I like how Failbetter manage to make more and more advanced-scale games without losing any of their identity or story-based prowess.As a Sunless Sea player, I can say this is the type of sequel that learns as much as possible from what was done before, and makes it way better.The new systems are simple and compelling, and the fact that the ship requires much more care when piloting and fighting makes the experience even more thrilling.It's true that it's very though to survive at this point, but I suppose that me continuously dying of hunger it's more of a matter of tweaking values. It's the core game the one I'm most happy with... :)"
,Recommended,596970,34637202,Posted: 31 August,all,Gatanotoah,"After Sunless Sea comes Sunless Skies. I have admired Sunless Sea from afar, seeing it played in videos, but I haven't played it, so I was afraid of missing out on important ""story"" elements due to not having made my own experiences in Sunless Sea.This is not the case. Connections are a nice add-on and not an interior machination in this game with it's own world of wonders large enough to stand on its own.The game is in a very early stage right now, which is questionable for the price. This is pay2betatest, definitely. The game is kind enough to let you know when you are reaching the limit of the current world with little text elements. These things include Interactions with your officers, more varied loot and uses for existing one, more trainrockets to steer and more places to visit.The controls are a bit stiff for my tasting. The flying locomotive your character is steering behaves more like a turtle on ice skates than a rocket or a train, which takes some getting used to and makes combat tedious due to non-rotating gunnery.Apart from that the interactions part of the game is responsive and mostly sharp, with the exception of the arrows to change purchasing and selling numbers. Most of the juicy bits are hidden in walls of text full of sidetracking and events unfolding without the need of your presence. The two factions don't put you at the center of their conflict, but welcome your assistance. This creates a compelling narrative where you sometimes end up helping one faction over another only in the third degree.I would recommend this title for anyone knowing of the dangers of early access and interested in a story-heavy ambitious roleplaying game."
76561198010286969,Not Recommended,596970,35043444,Posted: 18 September,all,Zeddowns,"Will follow development closely and change review after significant changes.But Right now I really can't recommend buying the game, content is just to thinly spread. Some of the bugs in the first days got patched pretty quickly so I have high hopes, but the game in it's current state just is no fun to me yet. I recommend picking op Sunless Sea or House of Many Doors now instead."
76561198308561315,Recommended,596970,34672027,Posted: 1 September,all,DarkdiverZ,"GNARLY! Pretty tight for early access. I normally wouldn't recommend an unfinished game, but Sunless Sea was this empty and buggy in it's beginings also. I like the drifty controls as I feel it improves the feel of combat. Loved the aesthetics! The organic scenery in space was pretty cool. Writing was top notch just as expected. A few bugs got me down, but that's to be expected at this point. For example, unable to loot kills. Unable to find a dock where the bat had found a place of interest...... I could see someone who is unfamiliar with Failbetter being apprehensive about dropping the scratch on early access, but I personally look forward to watching this game grow into a masterpiece."
76561198057999654,Recommended,596970,34635004,Posted: 31 August,all,barad.city,"Oh my... Well, I knew what I was getting for early access... Such a fan of Sunless Sea, I just had to have this one.This game really is a mess at this state. No bugs found yet (except bottom menus not working correctly all the time), so less trouble than I was expecting. Background does some funky stuff, appearing and dissappearing occasionally. There are things I like and things I would like to see changed in updates. In the end I'm posting some hints for normal engagement of the game (to not die right away).Good:-I like the way locomotive moves, I just know I'll get pro with the controls when I'll play enough-I REALLY like the looks of ports and browser images in ports-Combat is awesome, because its action oriented (you have to aim properly, so some skills needed)Bad-vast emptiness (I miss discovering small rocks, islands and stuff that are not ports, for exp and for visual pleasure and sense of discovery)-unpolished (EA, duh!)-relatively little to do (no officer engagement, questwise little more than just trading)-no port docking (I really liked Sunless Sea E button)-Combat (really liked the Sunless Sea auto aim, although I really like the new one as well)Would like to see in the future:-bigger ships (locomotives)-more content (duh!)-richer universe (more things to discover and to interact with (Zubmarine wrecks, seagrass, ghost ship kind of things))-hold capacity and quantity of moneyz when you are trading-buy/sell should be more like Sunless Sea, this is just stupidHints:-Don't go over to just one port, visit at least 3-5 before returning to Winchester (enough cash and fuel/supplies)-use scout when supply is at 1%, it doesn't use any additional supplies)-complete bronzewood/glass quest to gain 800 moneyzDidn't die as of yet, hope to continue my streak."
,Recommended,596970,34623976,Posted: 30 August,all,Silent.Anguish,Still needs some work on the UI and Text being displayed properly and not stacked on each other on the map view making them unreadable.Very much playale though some of the art still seems low resolution for the dialogue sections for some reason.Looking forward to how this develops as the FBG writing is still top notch. Can't wait to hear how this ties to the Zee
,Recommended,596970,34620688,Posted: 30 August,all,Wrath,"Failbetter games are masters at storycraft. While the game is still early access, I enjoyed the little content currently playable and had no problems. They're on the right track, lets hope they stay on it."
76561198064442364,Recommended,596970,34616868,Posted: 30 August,all,UKball,welcome to sunless skies.its basically sunless sea IN SPAAAAACE but also turns from seas steampunk nighmare to a victorian death game in other words just treat this as what a sequel should be more content and improved with more coming as was the case with the original.still id suggest picking it up if you have other♥♥♥♥♥♥to play just to take advantage of the release sale even with the major ♥♥♥♥ing features like character creation not implemented yet.
,Recommended,596970,34639053,Posted: 31 August,all,PepsiMonarch William the bastard,"""Green-and-gold and glory. This is the last horizon. But there is always another horizon. There is a Sunless Sky.""The sequel that was promised is here. was here. will be here."
76561198357763380,Recommended,596970,34739782,Posted: 4 September,all,shocolatey.fool,"The game, at its current stage is a bit barebones and there are still bugs in need of squashing, however i am nevertheless really enjoying it as it has  the text and gamepay done very well especaly for an early acess game. Also lots more content is being added all the time and in the near future."
76561197983933201,Recommended,596970,34669264,Posted: 1 September,all,DirtMerchant,"I feel like this early access launch has been overlooked amongst all the shiny new launches like abslover and the X-com 2 DLC. This game is still obviously in the very early alpha stages, and the developer isn't exactly huge so it's obviously going to take quite some time for this title to be close to ""complete"" or really even ""playable"" however what is there is a good start and looks like it will continue in the vein of its predecessor.Major Cons: 1)This is hardly even a game at this point, there are a few PoIs in the game now and the first sector has all/most of its ports open at least, but there is a lack of a lot of the good mini stories available still.2) This is an alpha which means... everything that an alpha entails. I think my first time loading I ran off into space in the wrong direction and triggered a bug that made it so none of the ports would show up.... rip me. Expect show stoppers and lots of them. If you feel like being productive make bug reports.3) The game is obviously still lacking most of its features, I don't even think you can get a better ship at this point and the crew are still mostly placeholder cards.Pros: 1) If you liked the first game (and I obviously did) This looks like it is going to be more or less the same thing in space. It seems like they are doing a good job of capturing the atmosphere and feeling from sunless sea and transferring it satisfactorily into a space setting.2) Given most of it is still empty, the map looks huge, it would appear that sunless skies will be taking place over quite a lot larger space than the first. With a lot more area to cover I expect there will be a much larger number of stories to encounter and PoIs to explore than the original.3) The addition of different factions to support from an early stage in the game as well as numerous changes to ship movement and a change to the number of stats and the way you level, would all seem to indicate that falibetter is still working on improving the games engine. This may prove to be the extent of it, but I expect that either I have missed some things or there will be more to come, in any case it's a good sign that they are trying to do more than just re-skin and re-release their previous game, it would seem they are trying to make some quality improvements on the game.I would highly recommend picking up this title with a few caveats. Just remember this is an alpha being developed by a small studio, so don't expect huge amounts of new content weekly. Be ready to wait for a year + before this game is ""finished"""
76561197971036665,Recommended,596970,34658741,Posted: 1 September,all,john,"very early access at the moment with a limited amount of contentpro`s--really nice artwork and sound-stories & writing are decent-improvement on sunless sea in terms of resource use (fuel and supplies drain alot slower)-combat improved over sunless seaCon`s-very early access so far only about 10 locations to visit and some feel rather bare bone, map feels rather empty for size.-some odd interface design choices, hopefully these get solved in later builds-as expected with early access bugs .Intresting early build, look forward to futher updates. Would recommend for fans of sunless sea but otherwise you may wish to wait for some more content to be added before purchase."
76561197970344902,Recommended,596970,34623148,Posted: 30 August,all,Blastaz,"Just as good as the previous one, like the new movement, but UI needs work, hard to shop/work out towns at the moment. Unclear how much of everything you have and what you want to trade. Old UI was better."
76561198117721352,Recommended,596970,34617484,Posted: 30 August,all,mart.trem,"Looking good. Locomotives in space. Controls seem a bit off, but you get used to it quickly. Love the look of Manchester and looking forward to seeing this evolve. Btw I loved sunless sea."
76561198062408517,Not Recommended,596970,34668716,Posted: 1 September,all,Kulkunen,Interesting concept and world but at the moment poor gameplay.
,Not Recommended,596970,35001178,Posted: 16 September,all,Super Hans,Don't get until it's fully out
,Not Recommended,596970,34623044,Posted: 30 August,all,mjrchickenhawk,"This should have not been release to EA yet.I'm a huge fan of the original game. But this is a mess.I'm sure it will be great in time, but that time is far away. The train moving through the sky looks and feels terrible. I can't see why anyone would give this a thumbs up in its current state.Refunded after ten mins playtime. Miserable."
76561198039271135,Not Recommended,596970,34770932,Posted: 6 September,all,calkhi,"The only thing I have to say about this game is that any horror aspect that could have been flew out the window the moment you gave us a damn train, in space. In space, meant to be blowing up stars, that are sentient things.It's like scary movie horror. It's trying, but I'm laughing.All in all, I'm going to say, if you're looking for a good game to play RN, and you don't own sunless sea, go get sunless sea and the zubmariener expac. This game just isn't ready, but I am looking forward to being a part of the process and going through the motions to see this game completed.Let go into the actual mechanics of the game. Like was mentioned by another reviewer before me, the game just flat out needs work. The economy is really bad, with fuel and supplies costing far more, and receiving far less for quests completed than in sunless sea, and much like said reviewer said, it does force you to think like a ferengi. In the end, I know this will be fixed, but right now it's forcing early deaths and preventing exploration. There are bugs with looting and ports vanishing, which I have already encountered, despite almost no time in the game.In the end, we'll have to wait and see what happens, but I already know that the devs are going to bing us an intriguing story, with plenty of mystery and silly things, as well as some genuinly scary and disturbing things.As of right now if the economy is made more forgiving, I can already tell that this game will be just as good, if not better than sunless sea."
,Recommended,596970,34614238,Posted: 30 August,all,Organ Sack,"First?!  Wooot Woooooot, Space Trains!  lol seems like a definite upgrade from sunless seas, excited to see what comes of this one!"
,Recommended,596970,35433271,Posted: 2 October,all,Darkstrider,Even in its current state it’s still pretty good. I just hope they add automatic docking back in and add a train headlight.
