user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198067227433,Not Recommended,597150,34741667,Posted: 4 September,all,courtepattes,"Best medieval windshield wiper simulation ever.Hyper Knights is a fun little game, however overwhelmed by annoying flaws which mar the overall enjoyment.Pros:+ Fun+ Addictive+ Simple+ Great controls (provided you play with a controller)+ Achievements do not require grinding or restarting everything with a new difficultyCons:- Painfully repetitive- A nightmare to play without a controller- No overall control on the grand strategy scheme- The strategy component in battles is more than thin- Artificial ways to increase the lifetime of this game- A myriad of annoying things (detailed below)Verdict: Fun, but flawed, and the flaws tend to overcome the fun.Description: In this game you are a knight who wants to take back his land. The land is divided into regions. Each regions has different buildings (villages, which produce resources, outposts, which are fortified, and a central castle). You must destroy all before being allowed to take the castle. Each encounter with an enemy unit or building triggers a small battle. You thus go back and forth between the grand strategy map and the skirmishes.In skirmishes you control your knight and you are followed by your army. Once all soldiers of your army are dead, you loose the battle. You win the battle once all enemy buildings and units are down. In the grand strategy map, you can recruit knights which can lead additional armies, give instructions to the knights (attack this region or defend this one), which they loosely follow, and build some useless buildings. Overall it's pretty bland and the core of the game are the battles.Flaws:- In battles, the enemy leaders (knights) respawn after some time (just as yourself). The problem is, several knights can join the battle. At some point, the knights become extremely tough, so that the time you need to kill them all  (knowing that they are invulnerable to your soldiers arrows, have health regeneration and can heal themselves) is smaller than the respawn time of the others. In short, even if you have max soldiers and you killed all enemy units save the knights, you cannot win. This is all the more unfair since if all your soldiers die, you loose the battle no matter what (last man standing is not an option): this should have been the same for the enemy.- The game is awfully repetitive. Once you have taken back a region, you have taken back them all. Eve the ultimate last castle is the same as all others. No boss, no specific architecture... You have basically five kinds of maps (simple skirmish, convoy attack, outpost, village, castle). The simple skirmish is a mere rectangle were both armies appear on opposite sides.- Many elements of the game are completely useless. It is enlightening to see which are the achievements obtained by the fewest people. They involve the use of all super powers (you only need about five of them out of ten), convoys attacks (a complete waste of time since aiming straight for buildings spare you more identical battles) and stunning enemy units (it is faster to kill them).- You can fight by striking enemies according to a sequence of X and Y appearing above them. However, they can stun you and if you are facing about ten of them at the same time, you die in seconds (even at max level). You need to rely on your combos which are basically super-powers (a blue bar fills up with time and is consumed whenever they are used). Some of them are incredibly powerful (e.g. kill all enemies on a radius bigger than screen) so that fighting is pointless. It would be better to be more powerful as a warrior and have less all-powerful abilities. It could be also a good idea to specialize through relevant leveling up (either you are a ""wizard"" type of knight with a lot of power-ups, a ""rogue"" one with a lot of dashing power, or a ""warrior"" one so that you can sustain more damage).- Leveling up is lame. I got max level (150) in the third or fourth region over maybe twenty or thirty of them, so that at about a fifth of the game. I could have started with max level, it would not have made any difference. This fast progression was due to a broken battle were enemy reinforcements kept coming every twenty seconds with infinite supply, so I could hold them back, but had to few men to win.- There can be a lot of lag in the battles especially when many leaders start joining the fight (at the end you are followed by a dozen knights so that you cannot participate to the battle anymore due to intense lag).- At some point in game, huge enemy armies (greater than anything you can ever gather) pop up in the middle of the grand strategy map to slow you down. You can defeat them, but it considerably hinder your progress. Lame way to increase the lifetime of the game.- At the end, when you claim the last castle (a battle which is the very opposite of epicness), the game is not over ! Some regions you had re-conquered suddenly turn to the adversary again. Nothing challenging here, since you have many knights by that time. It is only yet another artifical trick to make the game last still longer than it should have.Overall I wouldn't have played this game more than two or three hours if not for the achievement hunting."
,Recommended,597150,33199477,Posted: 3 July,all,FaKe / nullpointerat,"Don't play this game!The character development is finished in the first 2 hours, you will not even notice it.The game mechanics do only change once. After you realise that hammering on a button will not be enough to end itI'll stop playing this game, just one more fight...And this village...And this fortress...And this caravan...And after defending my castle...No you will not send your Knight there...Ah i could raid that region...And this village...And this fortress..."
,Recommended,597150,33775382,Posted: 24 July,all,linuxpunk,"Micro Mount & BladeThis is a nice, fun button smasher. The action is fast and frantic. The game really resembles M&B in more than one aspect (strategic map, tactical battle map, middle ages setting).I've played Survivor Squad Gauntlets, also by EndlessLoop, I like what this indie dev has to offer.I appreciate the Linux support"
,Recommended,597150,31098718,Posted: 12 April,all,Tazbutt127,Very easy to beat so far but looking great!Edit: First time I've done an edit but I felt I needed to. The dev really listens to feedback and updates quickly to address any issues. It was less than a week for a complaint I had to be fixed. I've never had this sort of dev to community communication that was so quick and helpful. Very impressed.
76561197994827301,Recommended,597150,31873686,Posted: 20 May,all,Apterous,2d mount&blade button smasher-fun-will destroy your hand
76561198061974601,Recommended,597150,34333752,Posted: 18 August,all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"Nice game, stable engine but on Linux be sure to put:-screen-fullscreen 0on your launch parameters or u'll get a blank screen after the second time you run the game.It even runs at 120Hz ;)Got all the achievements in 8 hours.Wasn't able to try online multiplayer because of lack of players.It's inspired from Dinasty Warriors which itself is a very fun game.Be sure to take some breaks or it will harm your wrist :)"
76561198115415364,Recommended,597150,32673531,Posted: 23 June,all,Hûvy,"Its a fun and cheap, on keyboard it can be a satisfying buttonmash-hackn'slash but your wrists will regret it.The overview map plays like the mount and blade version but a lot simpler, while the mini battles you get after an enemy encounter with your's and the enemy's troops skirmish... with you in the mix mashing is to all hell, and boi is it fun."
76561197967047266,Recommended,597150,30994822,Posted: 7 April,all,ElectronichEad,"v.0.11a lot of fun for no price. Button smashing (me) or controller (didn't try that one). Looking forward to the development and the direction of this smashbutton game. A few bugs, but doable with ease so far.Fight, expand your territory, command your army during the fights and conquer it all. Invest in combos to become a true slayer and invest in yourself and your manymanymanymany armies"
76561198037955303,Recommended,597150,31125996,Posted: 13 April,all,Toxifulable,"Why the hell is this game so cheap? It's not even finished and I'm addicted as hell? Don't know about the long time motivation yet, but the first impressions are great!"
76561198001039898,Recommended,597150,31509797,Posted: 2 May,all,MichelV,"For the price it is a really good game.I like the concept and how it plays, but at the end it got to easy.  I was just ordering my Knights around the map.Not being able to order your troops around more directly or to split them up to your own will is a missed opportunity."
76561198187239886,Recommended,597150,33804241,Posted: 26 July,all,TallFox,"Great little Button masher....so glad i got it, its really cool and funPros-Chibi type characters-easy to play-large map-great mods-cool skills-level up system-great strategy involved-smart placement of KnightsCons-repetitive gameplayCan't think of other Cons, but yeah I definitely recommend this game.P.S. The people at endless loop studios, you guys/girls are such great devolopers. you always thank the players for the purchase of your games. just makes me happy to Studios like you"
,Recommended,597150,32609242,Posted: 20 June,all,Captain Obieso,"Great game, BUY IT NOW! bBefore the developer figures out what they have here. Five dollars is too cheap for this gem. Its an RTS (sort of) with RPG mechanics and they are blended well. Imagine mount and blade but as a two dimentional top down game."
,Recommended,597150,30630420,Posted: 19 March,all,MyNamesAC,"The gameplay is fast-paced and addictive where you feel a sense of urgency at all times.  AI needs some work but i'm sure that will come in time, but even so at $3 this game is absolute steal.  I highly recomend this game!"
,Recommended,597150,30214499,Posted: 26 February,all,The Virtuoso,"This game is missing one thing... Endless mode!Honestly I had a great time slicing through enemy minions and heroes! I can remember my Thermopylae recreation in this game.. Me, 5 knights of mine and over 50 minions vs their 7 knights and over 400 minions... We lost of course, but we dealt so much damage, that we had enough time to estabilish an enormous army and swipe them off the map like if they were dust. Fun times <3 Haven't noticed any bugs so far. The gameplay is simple, yet fun as hell. So far im enjoying it, however i would be glad if they were more scenes for castle sieges, village raids etc. :) And thanks KevTheMaelstorm, for buying me this game, I must buy you a beer sometime or something :l Cheeers!"
76561198037274455,Recommended,597150,33378657,Posted: 8 July,all,Nexaiter,"It's very simple but nice game that is set in the middleage. We need to conquer the land by taking it from traitors. There are two parts of game where we can spend time. First one is the world map that is very similar to Mount&Blade one. But the difference is that when we are in battle, the world is alive, it's not set on feeze. The battle is mostly dependent on us. We have our minions that help us (together with knights if we hire them) but they cant do it alone. We fight by pressing specific buttons on the controler or the keyboard. We also have access to skills that help us fight with more problematic amounts of enemies.I recommend this game to anyone who likes to feel as a leader and powerfull king. 9 nice hours of fun gameplay and 100% achievements, 8.700 enemies killed. Well done to the producer.I also have some ideas that would make it even better if the producer would like to update the game in the future.Firstly I would give something like battle size limit. At the end I had battles like 1600 vs 1000. When the most of the minions spawned the game started lagging and the minions started to walk in circles, even if i showed direction on the map, they were not doing anything with sense. Another thing is the level of character. 150 is max but it's too easy to reach it. I was able to get it after conquering like 6 areas which is like 20% of the map. I would make it harder to get. Next thing are the skills. In the whole game I used like 3-4 skills. Healing, whirlwind, inspire and Super Slash... The rest was completly useless. The good thing would be boosting the rest or nerfing the rest. And last think I didn't like was the power of the guy that defended castles. It sometimes almost impossible to kill him as when I attacked him, I was dying from nothing. I don't know if he has any reflected damage or something, but it was deadly. And they were much more powerful than any other knight that can move on map. Im also curious if there is gonna be multiplayer where 2 or more players can move on the map and help each other, that would be nice! :)Kind regards and good luck with other games!Nexaiter"
76561198087686677,Recommended,597150,30751769,Posted: 26 March,all,Hazzer 1020,"I've now play through the whole game twice and understand how all the concepts work. I would say that it is great value for money, considering it is only £1.99. I would say however, there is room for improvement, I would like to see a mode where you can create your own maps and / or randomly generate different maps. There should also be a difficulty setting as I feel the game can be quite easy when you get further into it when your army is 2 or 3 times the size of the enemy you are fighting.Again, i would definitely recommend this game. I would like to see this game improve over time."
76561198354036391,Recommended,597150,33868421,Posted: 28 July,all,ThatTdog57,"Hyper Knights takes everything I love and puts it into one game. I love hows theres a bit of an strategy element with commanding knights and leading troops. Massive battles that can have over a thousand men fighting in one battle, this game reminds me of mount and blade a lot which is one of my favorite games. Combat does get a pretty repetitive with just smashing buttons and late game there isnt much you can really do with your gold, but never the less this is a must buy its very addictive and I hope they soon add a multiplayer campaign mode"
,Recommended,597150,31189779,Posted: 16 April,all,Spiffo,"Nice cartoony knights game with tons of combos, upgrades, and also has character customization.I am enjoying endless-loop studio's games. I pretty much own all of them and they are cheap, decent and fun."
,Recommended,597150,31939241,Posted: 24 May,all,Kenshyn,"The game is like a 2d mount and blade.It offers a decent amount of fun and button mashing. So if you want a game that is not stressful and offer a 10+ (New game+ included) hours of fun? I think at this price, you won't find better."
76561198082823891,Recommended,597150,31796517,Posted: 16 May,all,ahilger1,"never mind, got though the options, please make a keyboard guide on the menu, it would REALLY help you get a loyal fan base, also, add some difficulty levels, and a ""free battle mode"" were you can make your own battles and even maps, i also have an idea for some new units, ""barbarian"" high DPS close range, low hp, can fly into rage that will kill a LOT of solders, ""mage"", shoots fireballs, mage upgrades will give them more spells, (level two mage has magic missile with high single target DPS, level three also will have a anti arrow shield), then there is ""horseman"" high movement, attack, and a charge ability that will one shot most units, also high armor and hp, speaking of armor, add an armor upgrade, your hp is pretty crappy in game, also, crossbowmen, like archers but higher DPS and close range attacks, (bayonet on crossbow) they also have slower reload time, i think you should make some of these units i suggest unlock-able using upgrade points, oh yeah, add different types of knights, like ""tank"" knights, focusing on healing and armor, ""archer"" knights, with ranged attacks, ""swordsman"", focused on DPS, and ""horseman"", high speed and DPS ""because they have a horse, and mage knights, with magic. oh and don't forget, i recommend that you add a third faction, the ""mercinaries"" (sorry if i mispelled) they can be fought, they can take land, have knights, but if you walk to a merchenary controlled knight or castle, you can buy them (for a high price) and finally, add mythical beasts, but make them wild, and make your knight do a solo fight vs one to ""tame"" it, you can then use it as a mount or a epic companion in battle! flying units that can only be reached by other flyers or archers (like pegisus riders) could also be cool, and add ""races"", each knight has a different race, orcish knights have damage for example, humans could get 1% extra xp from battles, elves could have higher speed and dwarves have higher hit points, yeah, i know this probably breaks a record for longest review, so here is a smily face to inspire you to keep developing the game like a BOSS (:"
76561197988920845,Recommended,597150,31334961,Posted: 24 April,all,Dolpe_TV,"It was a good descision to bux the game. Came over BluePrint to it.Gameplay:Controller is best option to playDifficulty is top, just for Alpha. It will get harder in the end, so very nice ""balanced"" so farPlaysystem is kind of new for me, but I was positivly surprised. U have to use XXX or YYY or XYX - buttonclicks to kill the proper unit. And just because there are many units the cliks wont be a problem, ull like it, when the enemy army is falling clicks by clicks.There can be, IMHO, a lot more options to have. Campaign. Mapbased, like Heroes of MaM or the old ZED Game or any other Mapconquering game. It shuldnt be goining to be a tower defense, but as I could see it so far, it isnt the DEVs direction.Its fun, it was worth buying it. The amount of time I played the game, was action.. action.. and my left thumb needs a rest now :)Yes, it is Alpha.. but I only had one time a problem, that my Hero wouldnt spawn correctly.. and I had to use BBBB(Super Smash) so the hero would go through the map and spawn correctly after finishing.Anyway.. hope ull find more support to evolve the game."
76561198066293072,Recommended,597150,31607845,Posted: 7 May,all,Baal,"this game is as amazing as it is simple. The developer asks for feedback, the only thing i would add is even more units at same time in a battle ^^"
76561198136137675,Recommended,597150,31009290,Posted: 7 April,all,Rigatrax,"I really enjoy this game, Its a fun button masher thats getting a few upgrades as time progresses. I enjoy the stat and combo upgrades, I also like how the knights play a significant part in your conquering of the land. I've beaten it three times all ready and i still want to play again. I really hope there will at some point be more factions or difficulty setting or even a different map. Any of those would give me more reason to play more but for now I just keep trying to either make my stats or beat my time.For how cheap it is i would highly recommed buying it."
,Recommended,597150,31713346,Posted: 12 May,all,Diesel Do,"LMFAO what a simplistic, low graphic, peice of...genuis... I love this time waster and the maker is still updating it making it better. Seriously grab a controller and hack slash and destroy yer enemies. They won't go down easy later either specially in a gang! Of course you could always play the wise general and upgrade yer troops fer fun instead (an easier tactic if done right). With the new buildings options you can even just stick to building gold, building stuctures wisely and let yer Hired hands...errr Knights do the dirty work just using yer army like a spec ops team. Very FUN!"
76561198016565158,Recommended,597150,32336880,Posted: 11 June,all,vamoosen,"This is a simple action battle game with a strategic overmap. Fun, delightfullymindless, and a brilliant time sink.I bought this game in early access and everytime I open the game for a peek I find the developer has added more content and polish. This is exactly how early acces should be done. I can not heap enough praise on the devloper for just deciding to  do ome thing, and do it well.I just saw that Co-op campaing might be a future update, and I have to say that if this can be implemented without bugs, I would rate it at 100% (currently about 90%). Upon the strength of this game alone I am planning to buy other Enless loopp games.Never have I been so happy raining death upon literally thousands of mindless 2D sprites. Last night I actully dreamt of wrentching their pathetic pixals aparts and smearing their blocky gore onto the grass.... dreamsBuy this game"
,Recommended,597150,32026887,Posted: 28 May,all,Dulger,"Pros:Easy to Learn, Difficult to MasterBalanced game play that remains fun and challengingArcade Style fast paced fighting keeps you on your toes even max levelStrategy elements are simple with huge impactFun skill tree allows different approaches to game play.Cons:Bugs:  found myself getting stuck at same location during castle siege with infinite hp with enemy captain stuck with same hp problem. You are forced to retreat taking total losses since he can't die and needs to be killed to complete objective.  Additionally I found my captains getting stuck on corners when I order then to take or defend territory that's requires more and a strait line.Killing Captains becomes a game of using max tier frenzy 2-3 times and late game involves managing respawn timers. Though this Can be fun it gets repetitive after a while with no viable alternative.Overall:This is an absolute Gem!  For someone who loves M&B along with Chivalry this game is a fun 2d arcade mashup.  I honestly have had more fun with this game than I did with some of the AAA games such as Fallout 4, Witcher 3 etc.  I would highly recommend getting this game especially since it's listed at only $5!!!  The developers obviously know what is fun and I would like to see more content from this group.Developer Request:I would love to see more mod support for this great game.  The ability to make a map or add units, change abilities would make this game ascend to godhood XD   ...Just a thought"
76561198326608765,Recommended,597150,31797787,Posted: 16 May,all,ConnorC909,"This is a VERY decent game, though seems a bit..bare-bones at the moment. I enjoy the game because its a fun time waster that you can ocasionally sqeeze epic battles out of, and also the game Dev(s?) respond to almost all comments. if the Dev(s?) read this, perhaps I can give you some ideas?-Loot boxes sprawled randomly on maps? perhaps bandit hideouts with loot in it?-More Varity of units, such as horses, mythical creatures (dragon, minotaur, banshee, Jouton (norse giant), etc.)-Flying units, such as, griffons, pegisus, etc.-Artillary? Cannons, Hiwatchas (shoots rain of arrows, Japanese or something)-Maybe add sea battles?-Add more map. such as a snowy area-Put more detail into your maps, like add bunches of trees, maybe some lakes and rivers, mountains that you cant pass?-Multiplayer (Co-op, Deathmatch, Capture the Flag, King of the hill?)anyways, very good game, lots of potentiol, downloads quick (my internet is rural, basicly pluto internet.) good time waster. if I had to give it a score out of 10. I would give it a.....7.8/10(sorry if my english sucks, some things I forgot how to spell.)"
76561198039267144,Recommended,597150,31495581,Posted: 1 May,all,Boomknight,"It's a neat game for 3$. As a person who put in nearly 1000 hours into mount and blade I had fun with this game. Once you got going and hiring lords to back you up it got pretty crazy. Based on my Hours of Record when writing this I beat the game is roughly 7 hours with the last hours being a sort of slong due to some issues.cons:1: Not many things to put your money into late game.2: You have to issue orders to each of your knights which in the late game you can easily have 15-20+ which ordering them through takes more time then it needs to. I personally see two ideas to fix this. Let there be a muti select  so you can quickly rush through and pick the knights you want before choosing where you want them to attack or hang around. Another change is to let you tell your knights to ""Roam"" Where they will move to lands that near by and being attacked. If they are not being attacked they will move in to attack and raid lands. This would cut down on micro in the mid to late game.3:As of writing this, there is no mouse support when in combat you may not really need it. The Menus and map really needs it.4:There is only one mode that I can tell. So if you want the game to be easier or harder you can't tell it such things.5:Real issues of slow down in the late game as the AI of every knight and roamer moves around the map when in combat. When you have a few 200s of men on both sides and with the map AI running in the back ground and even joining in mid combat when being awesome. Slows down the game and lead to frame rate issues.6:There is no real punishment for the most part of missing a hit and getting it blocked. I feel there should be a gold and xp bonus based on hits made/hits blocked to make smaller battles more useful to the player.7: There is no auto battle for cleaning up small roaming squads.8: You can't get personal bodyguards aka weaker knights to help you out on harder fights.pros:1: It has what I personally like about Mount and blade warband and what I like about one finger death punch.2: The early game is vary strong and seems to work well for what the game seems to aim for.I can't come up with many pros since it's a fast and weirdly addictive game with most fights not lasting to vary long and when you die you don't out right lose the battle. You get to revive after words but I feel the revive times are a little short some times due to Ai heros being able to stall out a match when it is just one hero reviving right after another right before the one before them dies. When you lose your men, match over. There is no fight to the death and this should be for both sides really.Keeping everything in mind with the annoyinces I rather like it, I just hope they clean up the late game a bit."
76561198139447190,Recommended,597150,31535816,Posted: 3 May,all,deadstroyer,"This is a very good game. I have had lots of fun with it. The only bugs i encountered were when i was using super self and a mission ended, the EXP bar would go up in slow motion, as well as when i was entering the mode where you need to press buttons to stay alive (i forgot what it's called), the buttons that popped up were for controler even though i was using keyboard which made it much more difficult. Also, if the developer is reading this, i would like to ask you to add a feature where there are different factions that would attack eachother, and allowed you to engage in 3v3 or 4v4 battles with them."
76561198027251796,Recommended,597150,31619918,Posted: 7 May,all,dfode,"I usually don't play early access games as a rule but I threw a little money at this one because it looked fun and I was not dissappointed. This is the type of game that will make you burn out your fingers playing and I loved every second of it. It's like a smaller, faster, and flashy version of ""mount and blade"". I really think a more in depth level system is needed and by that I mean don't change it just add more stuff because I am maxed out and have almost 60 points in both categories and i'm not even half way through the campaign. Throw in a multi-player funtcion and you have a superb game on your hands. Thank you dev for making a fun game and at a price you can't beat."
76561198332944589,Recommended,597150,33802543,Posted: 25 July,all,anti-luigi coalition☭,"this is a great gamei need a game a game that teaches me where the ""z"" ""x"" and ""c"" keys are without looking"
76561198065031742,Recommended,597150,30236004,Posted: 28 February,all,Jewboifresh1,"Real fun game, took a little under 5 hours to complete, including times I had to restart due to bugs. Game is action packed and it's under $3 so nothing to really complain. Not much in the way of replay value at the moment, but i'm excited to see what comes next. Hopefully more varied maps and a siege system of some sort."
76561198091733856,Recommended,597150,31203015,Posted: 17 April,all,jbec1337,"Wow! I was blown away by how fun this game is. The battles are chaotic, intense, and can be MASSIVE in scale. The light strategic elements to the game, and the dash of RPG seasoning really blends together so well. I highly suggest you get this game, you won't be disappointed."
76561197996374735,Recommended,597150,30180759,Posted: 25 February,all,Waclaw83,"This game is still rough around it's edges - as it should be for a Alpha build.*** If the wall is too long for you: worth checking out as what we get now is good ***What is Hyper Knights you may ask? Top down view slasher in it's core, with small economy managemet elements and army building. Make no mistake - this game does not let you play as a god, and every single mistake (dodge too late, decide to fight too many enemies, take on an army much bigger than yours) is punished with a lost battle report. Makes me think of games like Dynasty Warrors or the Kingdom Under Fire series, but in a simpler packaging yet still (or maybe because of that?) as much fun as those other titles.Strong parts:- dynamic combat system - combos, dodges, attack mixing mechanic to kill enemies (those colorful bubbles over troop heads on screenshots), best part of the game and most important at the same time, shows that it was well thought and executed- strategy on battlefields - you can tell your troops to hit one place, while you distract another, becomes even better when there are multiple armies in just one battles and said armies can be given their own orders- the graphics - giving easy view of what you're up against in any given battle, UI is pretty straight forward and is more functional when using a controler- sound is great and that's just that ;)- decent tutorial dialogs explaining most of what you need to knowWeaker parts:- erratic combat where despite your best efforts at some point things will turn into a dodge fest on your end as archers are op- slightly overpowered knights - unless one side is loosing badly with the other sides archers turning the loosing knight into an arrow sponge, battling them is unnecessarilly long in most cases- controls - no mouse support in main menu? no mouse support in places it just begs to have it like army waypoint setting during battles? something that needs rethinking although I do get the game was designed with the assumption it's best played with a controler- campaign... or the lack of it because what we get is a small intro showing you lost everything because you were betrayed and you have to fight starting from almost nothing - multiple maps with increasing difficulty and a bit more plot behind them would do wonders- economy - too simple for my taste, could use 2-3 more resources apart from gold like food and wood/stone? do realize this game doesn't aim to become a grand strategy title, but a bit more wouldn't hurt and coupled with a plot of sorts would enrich almost bare combat we get now- army building - didn't find an option to change composition of your army which would be nice, and coupled with some economy requirements would make the game much deeper- some bugs here and there, like arrows sometimes flying through obstacles and sometimes not, getting stuck in objects when dashing etc - nothing game breaking, but enough for some to flip ;)All in all, a great game with huge potential. Sucked me in for a whole day, and I'm definitely keeping my eye on it to see how things develop. And since the price tag is what it is, just get it to see if it's something that fits you.Edit: And don't be decieved by the fact that the ""bad"" list is longer and more elaborate than the ""good"" one. Don't think dweling too long on the strong parts is necessary when they work, weaker elements are the key for now."
76561198256761938,Recommended,597150,33917870,Posted: 30 July,all,Trance,"I LOVE THIS GAME SO I WILL BE MEAN TO IT AT TIMES!!!!!This game is my 5 fav game ever and I have played hundreds of game. But there are bugs in this game. So you can have huge battles that have over 1000 troops. And this is very fun but the enemies can get stuck in rocks and you have to use a attack that you need to use on the ones that are hitting you but you have to kill them for the base attack to end so that sucks.Something that really F*****G P***ED me off were hen in huge battles lords would spawn in and you have to kill every single one spending so much time then they get more troops and I have spent 30 MINUTES to finally kill off 9 lords with my troops helping me!!The only way that this can be fixed is if the Devs make it so when you kill one then it re-spawns with less health or make it so it can only have like 3 lives. Anyway after beating the game I have good things to say about it.One of the things I LOVE is the big overall map because I have played mount and blade. So there the same almost. And when you get into big battles the killing of the grunts,shields,and archers is amazing. So much fun to do! But beware because the blood can cause lag. (Yeah forgot to add in the cans Devs can you make a way to turn blood off so my game does not crash :[ ) The leveling up your troops is just greatAnyway Devs you did a amazing job and I have a new troop idea A AXE KILLERSo all he does is have a giant axe he does lots of damage and takes XCXCC to kill. Hopefully think about what I said.-Pirate Shanty"
,Recommended,597150,35244158,Posted: 27 September,all,RAVELORD NITO,It's like Mount & Blade: Warband on crack cocaine and it's wonderful.
,Recommended,597150,30235554,Posted: 27 February,all,Droucil,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBV6SqfUy3IFun little game, took me 5 hours to complete. Depending on how well you play it might take a little less or longer. It works like this, your a knight and start your journey with a small portion of the map alongside with an army. Your goal is to conquer all, by taking 1 subsquare of the map at a time. Each subsquare has three different buildings on it. One to respawn army, one to transfer the armies between nodes, and one where your active armies can refill (the main castle). During the game you will acquire more npc hero's who will command an army for you and actively travel throughout the map automaticly, steered by your command on which part of the map you want them to focus on.When you attack an enemy you will enter the battlefield and slash your way through mobs, army vs army style with you playing the knight (pretty much like the Dynasty Warrior games, but in 2D instead). Meanwhile leveling up your char, getting better stats and unlocking new abilities. When attacking a building (except for the main castle) you have to destroy a few sieges in which you can command your army where to attack, giving another strategic twist to it. Once the main castle is destroyed you take over the space, can upgrade the buildings, and hire new hero npcs to fight for you.The combat feels great, fast paced, and is recommended to be played with a controller. There are just a few different battlefield maps, differentiated by what you attack (one of the enemies or buildings). Which, when halfway through the map, can feel a bit repetitive. The music is just one song looping over and the sound effects are fine, nothing special but not bad either. There is still some bugs and minor things that need improvement (hence the Early Access state). For example, some npcs of your army not attacking properly. Had a few occasions where the army wouldn't move forward at all, and an ability to surrender without having to go back to the main menu, would be useful.All in all, for the low price of just a few bucks. Despite it still being in EA, this is a solid game and worth a buy if your interested in a 2D Dynasty Warriors, with a strategic twist to it."
,Recommended,597150,30253535,Posted: 28 February,all,MeAndMeVSU,It is a very short and simple game. I kinda wish the controls were a little more intuitive and after beating the game I'm still not sure why I have 4 different rally point options. But the game was fun and cheep and I'll probably play it again so thumbs up for me. :)
76561197966358311,Not Recommended,597150,31893054,Posted: 21 May,all,Ketamarine,"Got into it - had a good time...Then realized that the core gameplay loop just isn't compelling enough to finish the grind of a game that a match becomes.You can only hammer X+Y repeatedly for so long... and it will be X + Y as you can't rebind controller for some stupid reason. Also, the special button is LB for some reason... and that is also super hard to hit while you are hammering X + Y with your index and middle finger (onyl way I can play this bizarre game...).Meta game is fun-ish once you get it figured out - but not fun enough to grind your fingers to stubs..."
76561198049215435,Recommended,597150,32000838,Posted: 27 May,all,Crescendo,Just bought the game and had intense fun playing! Highly recommended! 1 hour just passed without me realising..
76561197966203934,Recommended,597150,33890240,Posted: 29 July,all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"I didn´t died even once to the way to lv150 not even second chance, that feels good to archive something with the rigth strategy. Hell i love this Game, the Super Cut Skill at lv 30 is so Awesome and fun, and A is your best friend in battles.I should mention that i bought an 360 Controller for that Game, was worth it even when im total not used to controller´s it works really well."
76561198160171732,Recommended,597150,33959324,Posted: 1 August,all,Thatoddlittlefellow,"Just one more Outpost, just one more village, just one more castle, just one more territory. I started playing this game last night and have already pumped 9 hours into it. I haven't played something this addictive in a while. It's clear why it has so many positive reviews."
76561198137580199,Recommended,597150,32304824,Posted: 9 June,all,newzombie123,I do recommend this game but I think you should be careful because recently i've not been able to load saves and if they haven't fixed it by thetime tht you read this then it is about impossible to play.
76561198219426583,Recommended,597150,33941080,Posted: 31 July,all,Oxman,Excellent game
76561198083580729,Recommended,597150,34523256,Posted: 27 August,all,Redwake,"Hyper Knights is a cross between a button-mashing action game and RTS. Think Dynasty Warriors mixed with One-Finger Death Punch, and elements of Galactic Conquest, and you'll have a pretty good idea as to how this game works.The goal of the game is to recapture your kingdom from ""the enemy"". They have no name, but they sure do love to be jerks. Start by retaking villages and outposts, then move on to the castles, where you'll be able to reclaim an area of land for you to use in future campaigns. Win battle and kill enemies to gain XP, which will allow you to purchase new upgrades, abilities, and enhancements for your character and army.The game's mechanics are, as I said, like a cross between Dynasty Warriors and OFDP, with the overworld having the GalCon mechanic of supplying troops to nodes for protection. Each unit type has a specific button combination you need to hit in order to kill them. Don't feel like hitting all those buttons, though? You could always use your nifty powers to clear out a line of soldiers, inspire your troops to kill the enemy faster, or go ""Super Self"" (the game's version of Super Saiyan, which, in all its button-smashing goodness, is fun as all get out), and decimate the enemy's units before laying the smackdown on that traitorous scum leading them.Just as each unit has a combo of button to press, so too do the enemy leaders (or knights). In order to deal damage to them, you must circle around them to an open area (basically wherever there isn't a blue cone), hit that combo, and you'll damage them. They're tough, annoying, and they'll use some of their own abilities to either slow down your men, or buff their own. It's important to eliminate them ASAP, otherwise your men will be too distracted by the knights to fight off other units, or destroy buildings and gates during sieges.The game's overworld is split into various portions, in which you'll find villages, outposts, and castles. Each can provide gold for your kingdom to use, troops for you to recruit, and allied knights that will follow orders, and even move to assist you in battle. You can also upgrade said buildings, increasing their max garrison level, and increasing production of gold. You can eventually build mines (gold), trebuchets (long-distance harassment, for when you want to weaken an enemy before engaging them, and for when you need a bit of a hand during sieges), and safehouses (extra troop production), which will further improve your economy.The game's AI, as hinted at above, will also try to assist you, or hinder you. During a battle, the overworld map continues to exist, meaning troops' movements and other battles play out in real time. If you open your map during a battle (from where you can also order your four squads around), you can actually see what's happening on the overworld, and even see which units are getting close to you (the HUD during battle also displays timers and numbers for incoming friends and foes). It helps in deciding whether or not you need to retreat, or try and rush the battle, before you get overrun. Allied knights can also be told to guard certain parts of the map, or attack them. This makes pushing or holding an area fairly simple. Up to 13 knights (as of my completion of the game) can be hired and commanded, who will then choose to attack enemies, and return to friendly territory to replinish troop numbers.Speaking of being overrun, I've yet to even mention the best (and most hilarious) part about this game: You can have 100's and even 1000's of units on the field. It makes for epic moments, especially when you're outgunned, and need to pull off a risky tactic to try and turn the tide of battle in your favor. There's even an achievement for winning a battle when outnumbered 3-to-1! Did I also mention there's a NG+ option? No? Well, you know now.Of course, this wouldn't be a review without some good 'ol fashioned pros and cons.Pros+ Simple art style is charming and easy on the eyes+ Game mechanics make for some hectic button mashing goodness+ Battles are sometimes very intense, with the result depending on your choice of actions+ Workshop support means being able to create your own weapons, armor, and knights. GoT anyone?+ Controls are very simple, and very easy to get used to.+ Random enemy infiltration events keep you on your toes, meaning you always need to think before making a move+ Online Co-op and PvP means you can take on your friendsCons- While stupidly fun, the game can get fairly dull after a few hours. I managed to complete the campaign in just under five hours, and just started up a NG+ to see what elese there is to do, and see how quickly I can finish the map.- AI will sometimes not even try to intercept enemy groups, meaning you can very well expect to lose a few nodes (and even territories) because of it.- ""Super Self"", while fun to use, is rather broken. If you know how to do it, you can easily clear out, say fifty units in under ten seconds. Of course, SS is meant for trying to turn the tide in your favor, or quickly eliminate enemy knights.- The workshop is sort of barren. Not very many interesting items are on there currently, though I could very well be mistaken.- The campaign is awfully short. As I said, I managed to complete the game in less than five hours.- A ""Challenge"" DLC exists. While I understand devs need to fund development for current and future projects somehow, it doesn't really make much sense to add challenges, which can extend the life of a game, as a seperate DLC.Honsetly? At $5, this game is pretty fun. It's a great way to kill some time, or play with a friend online. With elements of RTS, hack 'n slash, and grand strategy all rolled into one package, Hyper Knights is certainly worth having a look at."
,Recommended,597150,31921583,Posted: 23 May,all,Saufsoldat,I was genuinely surprised at how much fun this is. Sort of reminds me of a low-budget Dynasty Warriors.Definitely worth the price.
76561198235712724,Recommended,597150,32117599,Posted: 1 June,all,kor,this game is SOOO FUN the best endless loop game ive ever played. its worth the 5$ its fast pased too (idk if i spelled that right )  i havent seen any glitches so far. ive played the game 8.7 hrs. I RECOMMEND THIS GAME ITS SO GOOD :P
76561198008322068,Recommended,597150,30169589,Posted: 25 February,all,splancer,"I really like this game so far.  It reminds me of those  Koei Dynasty Warriors type battlefield control games but without the two worst mechanics of those series- 1.  set zones of control and 2.  long travel between zones.  There is no story/mythology, but for essential gameplay much more fun.  Here are my comments:- I like to be able to save+quit in one action.- Setting destination for hired knights did not have the expected effect.  I wanted to attack castle so I set hirelings to castle on map and they  sort of engaged in another slightly different direction.- Do enemy reinforcements only come from squads on map?  Sometimes it notifiies you that some number of enemies are arriving mid battle- is that predicted by main map placement or random/time based?- I used  controller and did not see any bugs  in early play; did not try keyboard control yet- enemy knights have blue wedge indicator with button flags;  not clear how that is supposed to work.  If it says X Y, does that mean alternating those are successful attacks?  sometimes had to resort to using special to clear those guys out"
,Recommended,597150,30182251,Posted: 25 February,all,CliffORD,"---=== tl;dr ===---I paid for this game and it's worth it. The frenzy of button mashing is addictive and the fast pace keeps you focused. RPG elements and the world map provides a long term goal and general direction thoughout the game.PLAY---=== THE PRICE! ===---Even without the release discount ($0.30USD saving), at $3USD this is a NO BRAINER.I've played for 1.6 hrs at writing this and I can say I've thoroughly enjoyed that time. If time is money, Hyper Knights has already paid for itself. It should be said I'm taking my time and trying to experience all there is to offer in a single play through.---=== This is a controller game! ===---If you're not using a controller, that's fine, you'll just find it a little harder but having said that, you'll get used to it.---=== This is a button mashing game! ===---If you like mashing buttons in a sequence, you spend time at the arcade playing DDR or enjoy a game of Magica, this game is worth a go.It's not just ""mashing buttons"" though but that's essentially what you'll be doing for the majority of the time.To elaborate, mashing buttons is what makes Hyper Knights  so EASY TO PICK UP. First task, mash buttons!  From there you're steadily guided in what to do to amass your army and even have AI armies wandering the world map killing your enemies for you and providing reinforcements when you attack.---=== Character development! (RPG) ===---When you kill bands of enemies, take villages, towns, castles and even when you lose you gain experience, unlocking upgrades for your character (typical upgrades include increased health, increased army size, faster run speed and more) and separately for your combos (pressing a sequence of buttons to perform special abilities). Also as you level up you gain more squads for use when laying seige to castls, towns etc.---=== Strategy! ===---As mentioned earlier there is a world map. You need to take all the territories back from the evil red. Yes this is Red vs Blue. It is NOT turn-based. Like SuperHot (only in world map) time only progresses when you move so it gives you the opportunity to stop, look around and generally take your time deciding exactly what you want to do. Troops are constantly being replenished in your towns and castles but so are the enemies. Plan your attacks!Towns and castles can be upgraded providing more troops to you and your fellow (AI) Knights. Bear in mind that when your Knights lose troops due to combat they'll need to make it back to a controlled town to replenish just like you do, so keep upgrading!Castles are where you hire the (AI) Knights. They have their own strengths, stats & army sizes.Enemies also have Knights strolling the world map who act exactly as your Knights do. Watch and see where the action is, maybe while your enemies are distracted you could take a town or even back your Knights up and crush the red barbarians!Seiges are fun. You get to tell your ""squads"" where to go via waypoints. Keep on top of the waypoints and you'll steam roll the reds in no time! (or die and try again :) Your character cannot attack buildings (destroy all troops and buildings to win the seige) but your troops can so don't forget to send them in.That's it for now.---=== tl;dr ===---I paid for this game and it's worth it. The frenzy of button mashing is addictive and the fast pace keeps you focused. RPG elements and the world map provides a long term goal and general direction thoughout the game.PLAY"
,Recommended,597150,32833568,Posted: 26 June,all,oohhboy,"It highly recommends controller support. Doesn't offer PS4 controller support on OSX where it shows up as a generic controller that almost every other game supports with zero hassle or third party software. Gave the develpers plenty of time to reply in the forums.Nothing.Going to give them another day and this is going to get a refund.Controller issue has been mitigated. The PS4 controller on OSX currently requires a wired connection to work. Note the game GUI is mouse-less and a controller should be mandatory.As for the game itself. It’s a very light 4Xish crossed with Mount and Blade with Dynasty Warrior.You run around an over map managing your empire, building and renovating, moving your armies protecting and raiding convoys and finding more knights so you can raise more armies. You can’t send messengers so if you want something done on the other side of the map you have to do it yourself. Thankfully mid to late game you have more than enough cash to do what you need in an area in one go.The combat forgoes the normal conventions for the most enemies as each one has a common button combination that is required to be pressed to do damage with each button representing a point of health(With exceptions). Counterpart Knights have a health bar but damage is applied all the same one button at a time.The game then again breaks this with super powers. Any damaging power (Again with exceptions) is a one hit kill for anything that isn’t a knight. Stronger powers and stats are locked behind a level wall but you can save your points for those big juicy ones you are going to use all the time and gaining experience is easy and the amount of exp required never increase so you level up faster as the armies get bigger resulting in more kills. There is a cap to this as you will run out of powers to spend points on.Surprisingly enough the combat is fluid and when you get good enough your normal gameplay emulates a late game superpower. However no matter how good you are without your entirely disposable troops you are nothing as extremely large numbers punishes mistakes harshly as you don’t have a safe zone nor distractions to draw fire away. Also you cannot damage buildings making anything outside of field battles impossible to “Solo”.There is a “Realm Divide” event so if you know what it is and did’t like it you have been warned.It does unfortunately have performance issues in larger battles which is disappointing given far more visually demanding and complex games run better with greater numbers. The AI is fine and I have no complaints with it’s behaviour, it just that there seems to be a bottleneck somewhere even though the game feeds additional numbers in waves. With that said it is only a issue in the largest of battles with multiple armies pouring inA small solid game and a steal even at normal price.Endless Loop has come a loooonnng way from the first game they release of which I immediately regretted buying. Somehow you managed to break out of the horror of your first two games into something respectable. Keep it up."
76561198031441283,Recommended,597150,31929803,Posted: 23 May,all,Warnoise,"The game is like a 2d mount and blade.It offers a decent amount of fun and button mashing. So if you want a game that is not stressful and offer a 10+ (New game+ included) hours of fun? I think at this price, you won't find better."
,Recommended,597150,30170568,Posted: 25 February,all,PanzerFucker,"Very nice game!!This game is so addictive and nicely done , with a good soundtrack.A mutliplayer mod and a boss mod ( huge combos like 10 letters or more ) would be awersome !"
,Recommended,597150,32749012,Posted: 24 June,all,stabbyjones,I was excited to see what endless loop would do for their next game. This is actually amazingly simple but intelligent at the same time.It has a very clean approach that I don't feel is repitious because of how short battles are. If you had larger armies it would just get boring.My only complaint would be that the achievements are far too easy. Start new game+? Why not finish?
76561198071297511,Recommended,597150,31286013,Posted: 21 April,all,witebaux,I beat the game in 3 hours.  It was fun and obviously worth the cost of the game.however it seems like there are only 3 levels and the layout doesn't change it would be really nice if it didmap is kind of small9.5/10 would buy again
,Recommended,597150,31811729,Posted: 17 May,all,HatMat,"Amazing game, I can't tell you how good this is. It's like mount and blade but better!"
76561198097566035,Recommended,597150,31782321,Posted: 15 May,all,BillNyeTheRussianSpy,"Welcome to a random review that is reviewing this game worthy of a review by a reviewer whom'st is worthy to review. If you have any questions, just go towww.com.So welcome to the review of Hyper Knights, a game about demographics, populations, population control, tactical supremacy against a foe, and extermination of other people over the belief of the blue kingdom is the good kingdom.And I pray with my scientology friends that this game only gets better."
76561198173961719,Recommended,597150,30446786,Posted: 11 March,all,|WZ| Erten,This game is awesome bro it will be worth your while.
,Recommended,597150,33353709,Posted: 7 July,all,BloodshotGamer525,"I fixed a prior problem I had with the game and the game is extremely fun and polished when steam downloads all the files and doesn't corrupt your saves, if it does verify like 8 times. It is definitely worth it for the low price they're asking for though."
76561198218850631,Recommended,597150,33736059,Posted: 22 July,all,ShadowROZOR,good game so fun but need more minions
76561198018449587,Recommended,597150,30276134,Posted: 2 March,all,Dante Von Hespburg,"I loved this game, its in essence become a chilled (yet more beaty!) Mount and Blade style game- fantastic design decision. The combat is really fun, and for me its the lords, both your own and your rivals who make it- it can lend to some really great moments when a particular lord has become a throne in your side (Kelvin the Bold- my first playthrough consistently beat back my armies from taking the east region :P). Its little things like this that lend a weird kind of immersion i guess that makes the game great to play- i'm looking forward to how it develops- thus far great little game and would recommend :)."
,Recommended,597150,30286875,Posted: 2 March,all,commandodeath,"Hi there id like to say i really enjoyed the Game, As soon as i brought it i played it constantly till i completed it took 1-2 hours maybe alittle longer i didnt really pay attention to the time, i think you should make bigger world map maybe some other factions and add more veriation to the castles and camps and maybe allow a few more commads to your troops like hold formation/defend and attack/charge maybe add a few custum formations to troops masses so theres more command over the random moving troops, you could add some different units that come from different structures on different parts of the map like knights and spearmen.  i really liked the game Thanks for making this game was a really fun to play i liked the combo system and i hope to see some more improvements and updates id like to see a huge♥♥♥♥♥skirmish mode with 10 factions or so =)"
76561197991810319,Recommended,597150,30276302,Posted: 2 March,all,ChefHengl,"I picked this game up, because it looked different and after watching 10 minutes of gameplay on Youtube I bought it. Hyper Knights is the best title I can think of for name this game. You are a Knight on a Coffeen rush murdering thousand in a frenzy. You dash around while you are mashing the .... out of your buttons on your controller (I can't imagine playing this with keyboard). The campaign gives you a good introduction on how combat works and how provinces are conquered, even though not all mechanics are explained. At the very end of my playthrough I tried putting troops into villages and suddenly they transported their gold to the castle, castle started producing troops, troops filled up other villages and everything worked way better. So don't be me and put troops into the villages from the beginning :DAll in all this is a very fun game at the current state and I hope it will become even better in the future."
,Recommended,597150,30310521,Posted: 4 March,all,adragon9,"Good game, I liked it a lot actually... I'd recommend the following.- More life in the maps. I felt like some of the boards were lifeless and they could really use a hint of battle.- Upgrades, I only really noticed the army size upgrade I really could not tell the difference in my characters stats before and after the upgrades.- Maybe more interaction with the Allied knights? I really like the Ally system it's really good I would have liked to be able to name or level them though. (This one is just a small side note really doesn't detracted from the ally system)- Maybe a few less archers or nerf thier damage just a bit, honestly in most battles I completely ignored the boss to target and eliminate the archers, they were much tougher to deal with than the boss.- Archer towers: Those things... maybe make it a stun chance or even poisonous, those archer towers really disrupted the flow of gameplay.- Oh, this one is just me asking but could you add a toggle for the map speed up. I didn't like if I had to wait for something sitting there and holding the button. Not a big deal just thought I'd ask.That's really all I have on the matter, honestly I really enjoyed this and really look forward to future updates. If I get anything new I'll update this post."
76561198138081766,Recommended,597150,30232948,Posted: 27 February,all,epicgreencheese,There is one bug in the game where you go into battle and both your soldiers and the enemys don't move and they just sit there until you can by yourself finish the battle. All Knights that are in the battle with you will also not move as well. So this the only bug I runned into but other than that the game is pretty fun.
,Recommended,597150,30253908,Posted: 28 February,all,The Captain,"Great game! I wish there was bigger battles though and maybe different things like you can upgrade one castle to produce a  +unit like cavalry or seige engines so friendly knights can take castles, very enjoyable at its current state though."
76561198360070161,Recommended,597150,34318670,Posted: 17 August,all,awsomesocks1234,"Wow, a very fun game, it's worth the money. when i first played it it was 10 in the morning, when i quit it was 12 at night. an incredible time waster."
76561198219363011,Recommended,597150,35225084,Posted: 26 September,all,HX,我是打折买的，但是不能用手柄，很难受。
,Recommended,597150,32210809,Posted: 5 June,all,Ezioblade12,"amazing game, maybe add more skills and more kinds of troops. Also the exp gain from every battle is a little too high. A few skirmishes equals leveling up 7 times. either add more levels and skills, or you lower the exp gain."
76561198124182759,Recommended,597150,30176351,Posted: 25 February,all,Pacifist,"ALPHA REVIEWPretty fun game, the gameplay is so simple yet fun.Would really enjoy a difficulty setting that would allow the opposing AI to either become less aggressive or more aggressive to the point where they can take back their lands. It would also be cool to have customizable map options and possibly more than just you and the enemy? (possibly an alliance/diplomacy system)My only problem with this game is that there can be a lot of repitition in the gameplay especially when farming enemies for gold.I have found out you can just sit on the map and do nothing and will overtime gain gold from your castles with no risk of losing lands at all. There also isnt much replay value as in the games current state the map is the exact same in creating a new game.I would say that the game is worth the cheap pricehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZOJUNoAJuQ"
,Recommended,597150,30174152,Posted: 25 February,all,YouTube Shadow,"If you're looking for a game to hold you off until the next big release, you found it. The game itself is short lived but fun and action filled. I completed the game in 3-4 hours but, that being said, the game is in early access and is only $3. I thoroughly enjoyed Hyper Knights and would rate it 9/10, but 10/10 for its price."
76561198311768104,Recommended,597150,30287586,Posted: 2 March,all,phenixslayer,this game is pretty nice.. but there vis no content finished in less than a hour
76561198170624597,Not Recommended,597150,33844353,Posted: 27 July,all,✯ Rawr xD,Really fun game but honestly got really repetetive really fast which is why i refunded
,Recommended,597150,33376648,Posted: 8 July,all,Igneus Tempus,Very funny game I the balance was perfect. I recommend to try it even if its not my favorite game though. And My score as always.Gameplay 7/10Graphics 6/10Sounds 7/10
,Not Recommended,597150,31916324,Posted: 23 May,all,tearfromthered,"Nice concept, but the execution is still too weak for a non-free game. the game is pretty much mashing the same two buttons all the time, forced grinding sessions to be strong enough to beat the new zone. very repetitive. you'll get some fun out of it, it's a good start but still some work needed for a proper beat them up to be born."
76561197990705458,Recommended,597150,32417792,Posted: 14 June,all,nassshole,Cool game
,Not Recommended,597150,31518849,Posted: 2 May,all,John George of Saxony,"This game shouldn't be sold on a mac if it won't accommodate their keyboards.Here's a thought developers; how about you don't make accessing different parts of your options menu only possible through the DELETE and PAGE DOWN keys. Nobody wants to use those keys for navigating to the options menu. And since I don't have those keys, I can't even re-write your lousy control setup since my keyboard doesn't use page up/page down keys. So one minute in and your game is broken.Here's a idea you filthy savages, WASD. Or better yet, that mouse that we have on computers, yeah let us use that.Here's an even better idea, don't market your incompetently made product on a platform that it isn't suited to.You literally should not be this stupid if you're also a programmer.You aren't innovative by using clunky controls. You aren't innovative by circumventing WASD. Make using the mouse an option or take this off steam you idiots. Or better yet, simplify your menu controls. You should be smarter than this.Here's another idea, stop being such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and advertising your other games on your game screen. If you made good games you wouldn't have to do that.I have so many questions.Why can't I see my character in the character creation screen?Why are you all such amateurs?Why does the game crash the second I make a character?Why did you release this garbage?I haven't even played this thing yet and I already want a refund."
76561198137608167,Not Recommended,597150,31147688,Posted: 14 April,all,szilard.liptak+*****,This game should not have yet be released to PC...
76561198001358986,Recommended,597150,30433232,Posted: 10 March,all,G Force,Best 3 bucks ive spents in a while.
76561198001475943,Recommended,597150,30419593,Posted: 9 March,all,shmeepso,"So the game is awesome in its concept and gameplay (8/10 imo). It's a bit spammy with the control, but still a lot of fun to dash around the field of battle and kill people. Also, if you do not own a controller for your computer, don't shy away from this game. While I can see it is certainly much easier to play with a controller, I changed the keyboard controls to a WASD based setup and it works great. There are just a few things that need tidying up to make the game quality of life reach its fun potential.1. Small bug on the character creation screen where after I changed the gloves color a few times, my character became an opaque black cube. I know the game is in alpha and this is something that is probably already being fixed.2. Some sort of help screen. I accidentally skipped the instructions on how to move your hired knights around the world map and now have no idea how to do that. After about 2.5 hours in the game, I have hit a wall in taking territories because I can't bring my allies with me to take a village. This is after only taking the second territory in the game, which is practically handed to the player. This is related to my next point.3. I have not progressed far enough in the game to know if this has already been implemented, but factions would help the game in my opinion. As soon as I took the second territory, I was assaulted by the full power of 4 zones on the map all working together. It felt like I was running in a circle just to defend my territory and made it nearly impossible to push out very far. If all of these zones did not all have to sole purpose of destroying me, but rather had other enemies they had to fight, it could make the transition a bit easier from small corner of the map to a more open one after the first two territories.4. Some kind of game concepts screen where you could see why certain things are happening. I'm not sure if this is simply a bug, but it seems like the populations of my towns goes slowly down even if the town is not at max capacity. It is only at maybe the rate of one every 2 or so seconds, but it is causing some problems. For example, I have a village that is stuck at only having 20 people in it despite the capacity being 80. Because of this, it is unable to send out caravans with money, and is always at 400 gold, which is it's max. Is this on purpose? If so, it is something the player should know about and have some way to combat. If all small things the tutorial and little advisor don't tell you about were to be easily looked up, it would be a big help.5. Lastly, very minor thing, one of the base controls when using the keyboard was the Page Down button. My mac does not have a page down button, and it took me a bit to figure out how to get around that. I'd recommend changing the default control to something that every computer has.Again, I think the game is amazingly fun despite it's simplicity. It just has a few small, frustrating things that could be changed to make the game smoother. I hope this helps you as the developers"
,Recommended,597150,30477990,Posted: 12 March,all,Elreyboro,"it is a good game, i like the way the combos work but i think there could be a boss in the castles like there is one in the towns and i would like that there could be a limiti to reinforcements because they are limitless and i had an infinite batle going forever with all my armies gathered there and my knights just sit behind and watched as i killed houndreds of enemies but even that wouldn´t limit the fun the game gives me even after finishing it with some lame end because there was a siege of a castle that had 0 enemies and that was the final batle it would be awesome that you could chose five knights to fight with you in a final batle against six enemy knights that need a lot of combos to die or something like that so i give the game a 8 / 10 because it has some bugs, like being stuck on a tree and things like thatP.D. add more keys for the enemies or like ""you must use z against that enemie to harm it """
76561198234946148,Recommended,597150,30575195,Posted: 17 March,all,Sooperdoge,"This was reviewed on v0.09 so some content of this review might be outdatedPROSFunNice skill gameGreat priceDynamic mapUpdatesResponsive developer who actually caresCONSGame is currently pretty simple and is missing some features and polishOverall, I think that  although some features are somewhat lacking right now, I think that the price is good enough to justify some of the missing features and the game should also improve over time, so if you'd like to wait until it progresses, you should keep up to date about new features."
76561198008532621,Recommended,597150,30887020,Posted: 1 April,all,michaell8000,hyper knights a very good game dilevers what it said it would and one of the best parts is the overall map is not paused during combat so that means you have to pay attention to what your units and what the enemy is doing your own fighting style is different enough from what the AI does to make it a challenge when you are surrounded.
76561198100572317,Recommended,597150,33130447,Posted: 2 July,all,Nitram droll,"Hello, my first impression of the game is great, but if I played it a little bit longer, the game starts be boring....When reach a high level, the character is too overpovered, the meaning of army is nothing, simple pound, which can be killed with one combo, the knights with two..... (9 level for 1 5 min figt? really), combo points go fast automatically, so there is no need to use sword of character any more.....The game does not have sense, there is no progress in army quality.... little bit dissapointed"
,Recommended,597150,33062741,Posted: 30 June,all,Karchedon,"fast paced,  funny game. I had to use to controllers however it is kinda intuitive."
76561198326112487,Recommended,597150,33293392,Posted: 5 July,all,A_eldritch,"A very fun cheap indie game, take lands, fight awesome battles,get cool skills and HUGE armies and its multi-player!have fun by yourself or with friends!, an awesome game, within the first hour i got this i loved it."
76561198029780886,Recommended,597150,31242379,Posted: 19 April,all,oldkabar,"This game is a steal for the price.It's in alpha and I have no real complaints. I hope when it gets to beta we'll see different maps, more factions, so on.I really like the real time battle system that more soldiers can join the longer you fight, combat is a lot of fun. Both your generals and the enemy generals level up, so they are harder/stronger.$2.99 thats it, you wont be disappointed and im sure the dev will keep it coming."
,Recommended,597150,31360768,Posted: 25 April,all,Ikalis,"A $3 mashing of Mount and Blade style overworld, fun button-spamming action/gameplay, with a very minor RTS element. I could refund, as it took less than 2-hours to finish my first game, but I'll hold onto it in the hopes it becomes something greater."
76561198143172268,Recommended,597150,31385203,Posted: 26 April,all,brick.royl,"This is a fun and adicting game well worth the money, two things would make it even better; one if the second to last ability (super you I think) did not recharge the ability metter with every kill, the second is that the game could use some challange maps as they would give a new level of play value."
76561198070916717,Recommended,597150,31431553,Posted: 28 April,all,Zach71323,So far so good. Basic and easy to get right into the action. Going to love to see how this game grows. :)
76561198331790347,Recommended,597150,31414673,Posted: 28 April,all,Strider,"7/10I like this game, it's adicting and fun. I hope to see more game updates"
76561198329669179,Recommended,597150,31539670,Posted: 4 May,all,!Defender,"Fun game, have a lot of potential i hope when released it will have random events like loyal knights from the kingdom backing you up since at the start(i don't know if this is correct) the kingdom fall because of traitors surely there's some loyalist, by the way the combo button was OP not because the combo bar but because slowdown a lot and with a lot of time i could dodge 10 arrow from enemy archer just saying no hating.IM osrry for my mediocre english."
76561197999861828,Recommended,597150,31564262,Posted: 5 May,all,NiceSmartGuy,"It's a fun game if you like fast combat during battles and addicting strategic-map gameplay focused on conquering more and more territories for your kingdom. Personally I didn't encounter any bugs besides one small typo when I accidentally disconnected my controller while playing.Definitely worth the price tag, there are many much worse games on steam sold at a higher price, I'm really enjoying this one!"
76561197990002962,Recommended,597150,31593956,Posted: 6 May,all,rcing101,"Fun game.  Every time I play it, I lose track of time, making the next day a damned nightmare with no sleep, but way worth it."
,Recommended,597150,31628203,Posted: 8 May,all,Partymaster,"Really fun game, I could literally waste hours playing this without ever getting bored. Its a little repetetive and its a lot of button mashing, but it can be pretty challenging at times during fights. Only thing I think the should implement is some sort of auto resolve fight system that statistically does the fight for you based on your numbers and theirs and who would win, cause the fights that are like 200v10 are kinda annoying to do when your raiding a village or something along those lines because you have to run through the entire thing and destroy everything and kill every last person. Meanwhile on the map, the AI that bring their army of 90 against some place that has like 3 people in it will just instantly obliterate it."
76561198160759458,Recommended,597150,31575440,Posted: 6 May,all,MashedPotatato,"v0.16This game is a lot of fun. Gets a little bittooeasy after you've gotten all the upgrades, the hard part now being the sensation in your fingers after mashing those buttons with super self :DAnd damn, the devs are responsive. You'll see a number of reviews that have issues/bugs with the game, and then you see them edit the devs respond and address those issues within a week, even so much as a single day!So now it's my turn then; when in a battle, the game freezes when I try to re-map an action while in a battle. This has happened both times I tried to re-map in-battle (which I guess you can't, would be nice though).I'd say this is worth much more than 100 PHP (2 USD, more or less). Good job devs, keep on keeping on!"
,Recommended,597150,31607769,Posted: 7 May,all,Robot Ninja,Just finished the game. It's good.
76561198225106684,Recommended,597150,31615136,Posted: 7 May,all,kjawesome5,"Love this game has a pretty extensive campaign, fun management and combat and is like an rts with a new spin"
,Recommended,597150,31518245,Posted: 2 May,all,Raider Alpha: [2ndLt]A.Thor็,"had about 6 or 7 hours in the game, half of the time i played it ofline, for 5brl or 1,5 usd, it is really worth itprosthe combat system is really goodyou are like a king of your landyou are badassthe combos are niceyou can send unitsreally simple gameconsto simplelack of history, just a small plotafter the first half of the game, it feels emptythe gameplay gets boringthere are to few combosyour own upgreates do not make a good differece, just a few of them doit is not heavy, but for a 2d game like this it isabout the third hour you did 90% of what the game have to offer.after you compleating it once, the game does not have a replay abilityyou almost need a controler"
,Recommended,597150,31679357,Posted: 11 May,all,travismares,"Somehow this game is a mini-mount and blade. Fluent gameplay, interesting skills(combo).The developer is willing to listen and take action. Since realese, this game is updated every week and continuously adding new features.Definitely worth buying"
76561198005353797,Recommended,597150,31855007,Posted: 20 May,all,Killtastic,"Original negative review below if you'd like to read it. The developer got right back to me and fixed the issue.As for the game itself, I've already poured in more hours than I'm proud of. Buy it!This game is fun. Let's make that clear first.The developer seems actively invested in improving his game, so hopefully he reads this:Certain important actions in the game and menu are mapped to the pagedown and delete keys, which I don't have as I'm using a laptop. That's fine, just remap the keys. The problem is that the buttons that take you to the keymapping menu are ALSO pagedown and delete.The game's really fun, but I can't progress because I don't have access to these actions, nor a way to change them."
,Recommended,597150,31817006,Posted: 17 May,all,Matthias4,Really enjoying the game so far!! Very addictive!!
76561197962262662,Recommended,597150,31589124,Posted: 6 May,all,Kassit,1st when i purchased this game it was in a unplayable state but looked fun enough not to refund it right away. when i wrote a bad review about it the dev responded within a day and fixed most of the problems in a timly manner. So it obiously has support and the dev clearly cares for his product.It has good albeit a little repeatative sound track fun fast action that doesn't beat around the bush. for the price it's worth your time and money definetly.
,Recommended,597150,31890555,Posted: 21 May,all,iBot,"Only 1.5hrs in, my right Thumb increased 50% in Size10/10 would sacrifice any Gamepad for this fun Game"
,Recommended,597150,31049801,Posted: 9 April,all,goofy_wheels,"I think this game was well worth the money. I really enjoyed the blend of gameplay that this title brings. Now, for a couple of suggestions:1) I have this issue with my controller where my left stick gets stuck going left. It's only on this game and not on others, which is why I mention it here.2) I want to have a bigger army with my knight. The combined battles are pretty fun, but I want to be able to take down bigger foes as I go along.3) Bigger map4) More varied battlefields5) Ability to equip items/armor to my knight so that I can take more punishment on the battlefieldI know that this game is in alpha, and it is REALLY impressive at this point. I am glad to have spent this money!"
76561197993523242,Recommended,597150,32291020,Posted: 9 June,all,Blahsum,"Good fun - a combination of light strategy and button bashing.Inflict damage to the enemy, preventing them from regrouping properly. Hire knights to help defend your realm, capture and upgrade cities to get more soldiers, then sally forth and attack!You can build a few basic things to aid your cause. In some battles you can direct your armies. You can also invest xp in yourself and your armies. Turn the course of a battle with spells: different spells give different advantages, creating a nice blend of action.If I have a criticism, it's the game's occasional cheating. Your character can be stunned easily, random enemy spawns can be a pain and, once you conquer the realm, you need to do needless mopping up.But those are small problems. Overall a fun game that walks the line between mindless and intelligent. It's mostly mindless, but with a dab if thinking. Totally worth getting."
76561198245318854,Recommended,597150,34866038,Posted: 10 September,all,BklynBlaq,"This is a fairly stress free offereing.  You can stumble your way through to victory, or employ a creative strategy.  I've played through this game three times.  I may play a couple more times to gain all the achievements.  The first play through I didn't have my controller which is reccommended for this game.   My keyboarding skills aren't the best.  I still made it through, but it definitely took me a lot longer than needed, and I had to  apporach conquering regions differently.  Needless to say, when I got access to a controller, it made the second playthrough a lot smotther and quicker.  It was still a funchallenge, especially since I was careless about defending conquered regions and recruting new knights.  The developer added a challenge mode that's playable after you beat the main gaim.   That mode is great to get a quick hack and slash fix in a short period of time.  Overall, I would recommend the game."
,Recommended,597150,33798700,Posted: 25 July,all,Kazrim,I'm not sure which will break first playing this game my controller from useage or my poor fingers from having to mash those buttons like a madman also trebs are basically ICBMs 10/10
76561198081240938,Recommended,597150,33799905,Posted: 25 July,all,Skeleteor | csgoroll.com,Best game you can buy under 20 euros
76561198041952362,Recommended,597150,33851260,Posted: 28 July,all,MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN,"I loved this game! I got hooked in within 5 mins of playing. Unfortunetly I beat it on the the same day :( Really great game but it doesn't last long, but for 5$ I'd say it's worth!"
,Recommended,597150,33926702,Posted: 31 July,all,Edge,"Completed the main game, pretty fun for several hours.  Game is pretty repetative but still fun the first run through."
,Recommended,597150,33812015,Posted: 26 July,all,Winter Owl,"Strategy part is basically Mount and Blade, albeit simpler. Action part is actually fun too. I'm feeling it won't hold my attention for more than 10 hours, but at this price, I recommend it."
76561198210493047,Recommended,597150,34511004,Posted: 26 August,all,omarraed2,amazing I would just like extra levels and skills maybe the abbilty to have more secondry wepons and a second land
,Recommended,597150,34556434,Posted: 28 August,all,Little Hedgehog Man,"Played this game for a stretch. It was quite fun while it lasted, and I seem to have maxed out my character at level 150.I won't be saying what the other reviewers have, I shall focus primarily on how it can be improved.First, is the AI. My knights keep attacking the neighbouring areas even though I set them to defend,Another way to improve it would be to raise the level cap. I hit the level cap at level 150 when I'm only halfway through the map. It really kills the sense of progress. Add more levels, maybe until level 999, and add more skills or raise the max level of the skill cap. For example, I notice that skills can only be improved thrice. Why not make it more than thrice? Maybe 5, or even 10.It would be quite nice if passive skills could be added. Maybe crit for example, where there is say, a 10% chance the target would be instant killed. Or maybe stun proof. It gets quite annoying to become stunned by towers. Especially when you are swarmed with enemies, it'll translate into getting killed instantly.All in all, I had quite a fun time with this, but without any additional skills, it'll get quite repetitive after the 5 hour mark.Great game though. Hopefully it'll become even more polished."
76561198058638791,Recommended,597150,34928474,Posted: 13 September,all,thethomasgeorge,"Fun button masher game that can get a little repetative, but let's face it, you wouldn't be playing a button masher if you weren't after reptition in the first place, amirite?!"
,Recommended,597150,35356206,Posted: 30 September,all,Snarly Narwhal,"Hack and slash + World conquest = <3Super fast-paced action combat complimented by resource management and war strategy make for one hell of a game - I feel like Daenerys conquering Westeros!AI surprisingly smart too - I don't need to worry about losing my lands in the west while I conquer in the east - unless I do not manage my resources properly, but that's on me!"
76561198030622641,Recommended,597150,35247681,Posted: 27 September,all,Victorious Tortoise,I like it.
76561198029903975,Recommended,597150,35442473,Posted: 3 October,all,SugarySnax,"Bought it on sale for a pittance and at first I didn't get it, but soon I was hooked. Time flew by. I could swear I only fought one battle  and yet when I looked at the clock it was 35 minutes later. No matter what you do there's going to be a lot of button mashing. Its clever that they actually put the XY marks on all the enemies. Odd, clumsy controls for directing troops to new locations. The mouse is so much better at accuracy. The battles are repetetive as is the scenery and the appearance of troops knights. It just isn't important if you have the button layout to kill the unit floating above his head. The repetition does get tedious, but it takes awhile. It took a lot longer in Mount and Blade because you had things like riding a horse and shooting a bow from your horse to distract you. The very quick action means that there isn't much time to place things or think about stuff, but the great thing about Hyper Knights is that it doesn't annoy you by making you watch actors act. It just lets you get right into the action. I'm thinking about something like COD4 single player where you had amazing intros to the action that you couldn't quit like ten assault helicopters riding into battle in the middle east. No doubt it took a lot of work and money to get that beautiful scene, but then they forced me to watch it every time I played that mission which was probably 500 times. There's nothing like that in Hyper Knights, but I definitely won't play Hyper Knights 500 times."
76561198108063873,Recommended,597150,35463785,Posted: 3 October,all,BDraff,"EDIT: After reevaluating the controls, the game is quite fun!I still want noticed that if you rebind certain controls into keyboard keys, it is impossible to exit the ""name your character page""This game has absolutely horrid keyboard controls, so please be very wary if you do not have a controller.Or, actually, if you DO have a controller and you use MacOS.But especially if you are trying to play without a controller. Even their default settings are clearly useless. ""Escape"" as a primary attack key?? While you are trying to use WASD to move? Impossible unless you rebind it to SHIFT or CAPS LOCK, except you can't bind to either of those. Hmmm... Clearly not designed for even temporary play on a keyboard"
