user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198038485043,Recommended,597220,34158243,Posted: 10 August,all,jottin,There is a color blind mode in the options. Just in case.
,Recommended,597220,34157280,Posted: 10 August,all,Rabbit,The walking is sillyThe classes are sillyThe dialogue is sillyThe enemies are sillyThe items are sillyEverything is silly and it's fantastic
,Recommended,597220,34150171,Posted: 10 August,all,Cap'n Crazy,"I left home with nothing but a needle and my granny's briefcase full of snakes, hitched a ride to Boring Springs, killed two men and three snakes, learned to speak Goblin, and befriended a woman whose home was burned to the ground by a gang of cows. Then I bought a horse and left the tutorial area, and things got weird. I'm pretty on board with this one."
,Recommended,597220,34270852,Posted: 15 August,all,wrist,"Five good reasons to buy West of Loathing:1) Sophisticated, earnest writing. The game knows when to be funny and when not to be. And while toilet-humor abounds (both literally and figuratively), the jokes are never truly idiotic, nor meanspirited.2) Freedom of choice. Do you want to solve the puzzle or bypass it entirely? Do you want to engage in every subquest or barrel through to the ending? Do you want to kill every enemy you see or attempt a pacifist run? Anything is possible, although certain choices do have meaningful consequences. Different kinds of people will enjoy the game in many different ways and on many different levels.3) Charming music, art and animation. And there's a continual stream of new stuff to see from beginning to end.4) Cheap price. There's at least $20 worth of content in here.5) Trustworthy developers. This is a small indie company with ~15 years of experience that actively engages with their playerbase. They want to generate DLC and make new games. Good sales will directly effect their ability to do so. If you, the consumer, don't actively support them, then no one else will."
76561198014107662,Recommended,597220,34149214,Posted: 10 August,all,Ratcaller,"As a Kingdom of Loathing OG, I can already confirm the game carries the same spirit perfectly. This cannot go wrong.EDIT: At first I was a bit scared the game might be a bit short, but when I saw the map I decided there is no need to worry.EDIT: I can confirm that there is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of stuff to explore, however, I strongly reccommend not using and helps or walkthroughs. Figuring stuff out can be tedious in a few cases but rewarding.Replayability is on high level."
,Recommended,597220,34205554,Posted: 12 August,all,Tall For My Age 420,"There is an amount of fun and depth that the price doesn't represent. This is easily worth $20 USD or more (though $11 is so appropriate, it's not funny) I never write reviews, yet here I am. Please grab this game."
,Recommended,597220,34182443,Posted: 11 August,all,Blenjamin,More of an RPG than Fallout 4
,Recommended,597220,34719211,Posted: 3 September,all,[BT] Maharito -WRITE mode-,"Hey.  Yeah, I KoL'd for a long time.  Like, a really long time.  But if you're here reading reviews then you don't give a tinker's damn about that, now, do you!?First thing to look at here is, lemme tell you what kind of people are gonna enjoy this game.  Just do some mental tick-marks in your head, then you can make the call for yourself.  That's why you read reviews, right?  This is what you want, right?  I'm not like, going insane and getting high off the smell of my own farts when I say this?  'Cause the whole point is, you don't care if *I* like the game.  You care if *you* *can* like it.So here we go.- Are you the kind of person who enjoys reading things?  I don't mean learning from reading--I mean the actual engagement with the rhetoric of the thing.  Like, you read it and you think half-seriously about why someone wrote it and what makes it all work, and you get this solid impression of who the writer is, almost like they're your imaginary friend.  In this game, the writer is sort of like your imaginary drinking buddy instead.  Good comic books and their narration boxes would be the best comparison, honestly, since most games are focused on accuracy with their text rather than entertainment.  Which is a bit silly when you think about it, because of this next point:- Would you appreciate the subtle difference between a game that doesn't take itself seriously, and a game that takes itself only as seriously as it needs to?  Now, you can enjoy being the harsh critic and tearing into all the plot holes, pointing out the weaknesses and the shortcomings and where the payoff wasn't worth the investment.  Fine.  That's just being an aware, functional human being who's not liable to getting screwed at every corner.  That's not what I'm talking about.  Can you...I dunno...just let go a little bit without feeling like you're betraying that awareness?  Can you be cool about it in *both* non-temperature senses of the word?- Do you appreciate the kind of language I'm using so far?  I'm not writing this for dummies.  You do have to have some appreciation of the English language.  Sure, I'm a bit drunk right now, but I am perfectly comfortable with talking about, for example, how this game isn't succinct and ventures into full-on loquaciousness at times, but that that serves a purpose beyond either the mechanics or the strict storyline of the game (which are both independently relevant).  It's because the meta-story matters, too.  Well, it does if you like having fun, at least.- Did you figure out by now that maybe I drink to forget all the invasive thoughts that terrorize a fertile mind embedded in a chaotic world?  No, actually, I hope you didn't, because that would seriously justify this sort of weird and unhealthy half-acknowledged egocentrism I have going on.  That doesn't even belong in this review.  Well, maybe it does, because if you actually read further into this bullet-point anyway then it indicates an ongoing curiosity about things that don't actually matter or apply to you.  You thirst for higher knowledge.  You can't help but ponder the ineffable in search for the transcendental.  There's something out there, and you're gonna find it.  Perfect.  I like that.  That definitely applies, then, and hopefully negates my worthless moping.  Because, well, it's not just engagement with the writing but the passion for discovering GOOD writing that matters here.  And you will discover it in this game, but only if you are looking for it.- Um...do you have a weird thing about clowns?That should be good.  Go play this game, like comment subscribe hit the bell, then go get a life, you poor sumbich.  Your breath is getting in the way of my alcohol.  Get out of here.  Eleven out of thrifteen stars."
,Recommended,597220,34152107,Posted: 10 August,all,Methía,Kingdom of Loathing humour without the constant need to grind for booze or food to experience more of it? Sign me up.
,Recommended,597220,34195769,Posted: 12 August,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"West of Loathingis a great RPG adventure with fantastic humor and remarkable attention to detail.As far as indie RPGs go, it checks all the right boxes if you are interested in a standard RPG romp. The whole thing is fun. Even the menus.The only thing I'd like to put out there is the idea that if you take an RPG game and strip it down to it's most basic form with all the elements exposed - you will find it is simply a series of fetch quests.Now some games hide this grind exceptionally well, and others, well, don't. How well the layers of complexity cover this basic element generally define the fun, help with immersion, and keep you coming back for more.West of Loathingis pretty 'meh' about hiding the fetch quest mechanic.This is really the only fault I find with this title, although you must understand that it is a big one. When I play in anything less than short bursts, it totally gets real spam clicky because I'm just rushing around from point A to B. Yes, all RPGs are like this, but it is a fundamental weakness in the genre.Pros:+Great humor+Major props for getting around having to hire some big expensive artist; the art here is quirky, charming, and works well and could be done by someone who has a little bit of skill+Music is really fitting+Good amount of content+Everything is fun; even the menusCons:-The fetch quest is strong in this one-Could use a 'dark' mode (yes I use Nostalgia option); the bright white on a large television is too muchYeah, this one is really fun.Worth full price."
,Recommended,597220,34250442,Posted: 14 August,all,NolanSyKinsley,"I have no clue what ""Kingdom of Loathing"" is, so to me, this game stands on it's own. So many references, in jokes, history throwbacks and all around decent comedy. This game is a fun adventure, and I can already see that I am going to have to play through it at least a few times to see what it has to offer. It has been a riot so far, although combat is still kinda odd. Either you steamroll your opponents, or you get steamrolled, but seemingly ""dying"" is supposed to be part of the game and advances the plot in certain aspects.All in all a very decent game for it's price with an incredible amount of depth to the lore and conversations. Many references go way over my head, but the ones I do catch give me quite a chuckle."
,Recommended,597220,34471064,Posted: 24 August,all,huffadopolis,"This stick figure RPG hides a lot of fun behind its sticky facade!Before I get to the basics of the gameplay, let me say the writing is great and it's what hooked me from start to finish.  The dialog and descriptions of objects are funny without being groan-worthy or memey.   The game for me soon became more about reading everything I could because I really enjoyed the (sometimes self aware) humor throughout the game.For the RPG side of it, you get to choose from  melee, ranged or magic user choices; the magic user is called a beanslinger so I went with that one.  You use the world map to travel around from location to location and you'll get random encounters during your travels a lot of the time.   As you gain exp (often not from combat but through dialog or skillful use of your , well skills) you use the exp gained to level up various skills that you get at the start, or gain throughout the game from looted/found skill books.I did not find the combat very challenging, and that was perfectly ok because I was playing the game entirely for the story/writing by the time I realized it was easy.   There are several places in the game where you can create an infinite number of combat encounters for yourself so you can make it as easy or hard on yourself by choosing or not choosing to grind up a little.   (edit: a hard mode exists, I wasn't aware, but it's a spoilery kinda thing so search at your peril)I played from start to finish and completed almost every side quest, afked a little, and it took me about 15 hours of playtime.  I did not hurry in any sense, I took my time and enjoyed the narratives and descriptions along the way.Few pros:-excellent writing-good humor that doesn't insult the player, not a collection of memes to be 'funny'-plenty to do lots of side quests and interesting random encounters-can be played almost entirely using just the mouse, you'll need the keyboard sometimes though-appropriate music for the setting, though I admit it got a little repetitive after 15 hours-lots of non-combat skills that affect a lot of things throughout the game, I didn't feel cheated spending exp on these skills-for a stick figure game the animations and art really conveyed a lot, well done game creators!-stupid walk mode!A few cons:-not a con for me, but the combat can be quite easy if you grind up a little exp and spend it on combat skills (EDIT: i was informed that a hard mode exists, so look into that if you want!)-the game is in black and white until a little ways into the game where you can unlock a sorta sepia toned background, I found it to be hard on my eyes until I had the more tan colored option unlocked-I personally found it a little difficult to remember where certain NPCs or items were again when I had to backtrack or returned to the game after a day or two break; finding this information to help me on the internet was easy but ingame could have used a little more direction, or maybe if I could have put notes on the map I could have helped myself but that wasn't an optionRecommended if you like RPGs that are witty and humorous with a lot of well written dialog and descriptions."
,Recommended,597220,34169603,Posted: 11 August,all,alphyna,"West of Loathingis a hilarious indie adventure/RPG that's somehow better at doing the whole 'old-school RPG' shtick than Obsidian's current games.Seriously. It's probably obvious at first glance thatWest of Loathingis comedy—and it is, indeed, absolutely hilarious. It's worth picking up just for the tone, ridiculous items, ability to do bean magic, choose to ride a crazy horse for the 'insensitive' achievement, explore the depths of spitoons (it's just as bad as it sounds, so WoL doubles as a horror game), receive XP-charged air from you brother, get a separate perk for hurting yourself on cacti too many times... and, most luxuriously of all, change the game's font to Arial.However, what is less obvious is how good of an RPG WoL actually is. It's not very challenging—but it adheres to the idea that an RPG game is first and foremost about finding different approaches to various problems, not just fighting monsters. So you can, for example, make it harder... you just need tofindthe item that adds challenge first. Want to make a good fortune in the West? Good luck with that—you'll have to really honestlysearchfor it, no hand-holding. Seems like something is stirring, and those are the bones of dead people? Once again, it's up to you to look for the Necromancer raising them. Or not.For a 2D black-and-while stick-figure parody WoL is surprisingly open-ended. It has cryptography puzzles to be solved and musicians to be found in unexpected places. Most important conundrums can be approached in a number of ways, while others become secrets for you to unveil over the course of the playthrough... or several ones?So yes,West of Loathingis a perfect blend of adventure and RPG, that feels robust despite being limited in scope. You never know which seemingly random action will grant you a perk or help out.And if nothing else, it's worth playing for the fact that most needles in the game are found in haystacks."
76561198321557284,Recommended,597220,34693671,Posted: 2 September,all,a tOILET,"Its like Dark Souls 3, but different"
76561198022765477,Recommended,597220,34216841,Posted: 13 August,all,soukanaruhodo,"I played Kingdom of Loathing years ago, but dropped when the game became overwhelming (after they implemented the sea and a couple of clan dungeons).West of Loathing is everything I loved about KoL, the humour, the bizarre setting that can shift from subtle to grotesque in the same minute, and simple gameplay mechanics that can be fine-tuned and made complex at will. It also includes the most terrifying ghosts that have ever haunted a video game.If you never played KoL but like quality writing, this is a very clean and addictive RPG. It's just short enough (around 8 hours, but can go longer or much shorter if you don't dive in the massive side-content) and has good re-playability (the three classes play nothing alike, and the choice of partners change the game significantly). Also has a hard mode that require a good understanding of the more intricate mechanics. Warmly recommended."
,Recommended,597220,34163805,Posted: 11 August,all,tanzy,"The first skill I learned was Stupid Walking. Will absolutely be crab walking, cartwheeling, butt scooching, squating, and facerolling my way through this delight.  10/10"
76561198010511266,Recommended,597220,34152578,Posted: 10 August,all,Terence,"I'm 2 hours in so this is a first impressions review.In this game you wander around an expansive 2D black and white animated wild west full of snakes and skeletons, reading very funny and silly descriptions and interacting with quirky characters, some of whom want you dead. There is turn based combat (if you want it) and a whole host of adventure game style collect-and-cash-in mechanics. The menus and traversal are all quick and intuitive and the art style and animation are consistent, irreverent, and joyful. The music evokes spaghetti westerns.The standout so far is that there is very little filler in the world - towns, caves and chasms you explore are short and sweet, densely packed with different things to click on, loot and/or kill. I don't know how long the game is but from the map it seems a bounty of riches for the seven quid it cost me.Warning: if you don't like reading text, this game is not for you. Why did I write text there? Who knows."
,Recommended,597220,34704899,Posted: 3 September,all,meerkat,"Like Fallout 4, but with better combat, story and graphics."
76561197989832910,Recommended,597220,34300426,Posted: 16 August,all,Blinky,"You might just find a needle in a haystack.  Visual presets:  Good, Bad, and Ugly.  I also think it's important to note the developer was thoughtful enough to include a colorblind mode.  You think you have something more important to do?  Get off your high horse, you don't.  Get playin'"
,Recommended,597220,34164452,Posted: 11 August,all,YgniG,>Press any button to continue>Press power button>Game turns offOther than this glaring oversight Western of Loathing is well worth your money if you're a fan of Kingdom of Loathing.  All the humor you would expect from this company delivers.  Leveling up a Cow Puncher has never been so fun.  A lot to do with many locations that will leave you chuckling... or sighing that they really did that pun.
,Recommended,597220,34698695,Posted: 2 September,all,Red Minjo,"A really well-written game, in that it is very funny.  Combat is mostly simple, but it makes up for that in adventurin' and puzzlin'.  A+, 11/11 game."
,Recommended,597220,34182801,Posted: 11 August,all,RedHeadRed,"I bought this game with very low expectations. I really just wanted to try it or an hour and then refund it, but when I wrapped up a final mission and left the game, I had spent 3 hours on one of the best experiences I'll ever have. I'm writing this review two more sessions later with a run of the game done in 10 hours and I wish there was a way for me to say how much I got out of this game. Heck, when I'm done writing this I'll probably go start up another playthrough as one of the other classes. If I had to break it down I state that it is a 3d stick figure rpg, comedic, western, fantasy game. I would like to put heavy emphasis on comedy here, because I have never laughed out loud more at a game in my life. It has a great blend of incredibly smart jokes, but isn't above things like gross out. I guess if your still on the fence, go watch the first 10 minutes of this game on youtube and decide if it's for you.Just remember to wash your hands after you get done with this spitoon diving game."
,Recommended,597220,34236648,Posted: 14 August,all,[F] litlrabi,"All the fun of Kingdom of Loathing, none of the wait!This captures the humor and entertaining mechanics of the original game. It expands the open world fun, and gives plenty of options for many playthroughs. TIme to start my second."
,Recommended,597220,34157461,Posted: 10 August,all,Link232,"When one of the first perks you get in the game, just from overly-examining stuff, is a purely aesthetic perk called ""Stupid Walking"", chances are you're probably in for a good game.  When each one of those walk cycles has their own unique sounds associated with them, you KNOW you're in for a good game.West of Loathing is a RPG from the people who made Kingdom of Loathing, and shares its artstyle, humor, and some gameplay mechanics.  Yes, the artstyle is just stickfigures and black & white graphics, but it works, surprisingly.  Everything's well animated and detailed, despite the simplicity, giving it a certain nice charm.  The simplicity also helps for the UI, as there's very little clutter.  This helps, because your inventory gets -really- cluttered (which is a good thing, stick with me).Gameplay is the standard ""loot and talk to people"" out of combat then ""turn-based combat"" combat.  Combat's simplistic, you and your ally take a turn, then your enemies.  Combat's rather easy, not only because it's easy to just out-stat your enemies with the various food, booze, and potion buffs, but also because combat items don't cost an action, thus allowing you to use as many as you need to finish off enemies.  There is a hard-mode, but I've yet to try it and see how combat's on it there.The true meat of the game lies in the out of combat stuff.  There is a lot of things out in the West, and thus, a lot of writing.  Every item out of the hundreds of items has a small quip of description that's worth looking at, every location seems to be handcrafted with a purpose, and the dialogue is superb.  Still, there is a -lot- of writing, as said.  Between exploring eldritch horrors and necromantic power you shouldn't be tackling with, to a heartwarming relationship between a lass and man-cactus hybrid, it's all smart, well-written, and humorous.  The sheer volume of writing can be a slight turn off if that's not what you're into, but if you've read this far into the review, chances are you'd be the audience this game is selling to.It's also rather nice that there's very little filler in this game.  I finished it in 7 hours, but I always felt like I was doing something in those seven hours.  Not like Skyrim or Fallout 4's generic caves and dungeons, everything seems to have it's own unique story or twist, and chances are you'll bump into a quest or someone that will point you towards something new.Not only that, but there's plenty of good puzzling to be had as well (most of it optional, if you're not the type, however), legit puzzles that get you Googling and searching about.  There's little grind as well, since there's plenty of just small flavor actions and text-encounters you have traveling about that grant you XP, though there are certain locations with infinite enemy spawners, in the off-chance you do want to grind.It's also pretty decent to replay.  The three different classes seem to play fairly differently, and there's a fair amount of different followers you can bring with you, each having different quips and dialogue, alongside the aforementioned hard mode.  There may be no need to actually replay the game, however, simply due to the sheer density of content available.While West of Loathing doesn't do much new in terms of gameplay, it makes up for it far more with it's superb writing and charm.  It avoids most of the pitfalls and downsides of most typical RPG games, with very little need to grind, and very little feeling of grinding.And only for 11 bucks?  That's ridiculous, it's not even funny."
,Recommended,597220,34358463,Posted: 19 August,all,Vino [Olive Garden],"For the past ten years, I've been an on-and-off-again player of the developers' first game, Kingdom of Loathing, and this shares a ton of similarities with it. If you're not familiar with KoL, it's free to play and in your browser right now, so go ahead and try it out if a funny, turn-based stick figure RPG is appealing to you and you're not ready to drop $11.If you liked the writing and/or gameplay in KoL this is the best of that and actually a 'real game' too. KoL can be a little frustrating to play with the daily turn limits and such, and of course there's nothing like that here.WoL is paced well and doesn't overstay its welcome - about 10 hours long, 6 if you were just doing mainline stuff.A minor sticking point for me is the first 30 minutes are basically a point-and-click adventure (go here, pick up KEY_ITEM, go there, use KEY_ITEM, unlock next 'puzzle') but once you're out of that area it's got an overworld with lots of sidequests and such and it doesn't feel so constricted, and future playthroughs let you skip that.The devs learned a lot from making KoL and you can tell from some of the design decisions about how combat works, stats, skill levels ups, etc. It's fun to play and very funny. I hope you play it!"
,Recommended,597220,34221336,Posted: 13 August,all,FOX FACE (U+1F98A) 🦊,"Words cannot describe how much I liked this game.If this game was a car, it would be a Mazda Miata NB. When you show up in your Miata, other people look weird at you because the car looks funny, and they laugh at you for driving it - but when they actually sit in the driver's seat, the laughs stop. Even though it doesn't look special and has a pretty mediocre engine, they look past it - and see pure, unhindered fun.You just can't find anything else that's this cheap that would give you even comparable amounts of fun. There's an incredible number of perks, skills, abilities, items, all allowing you to play any way you want - or even all the ways at the same time. There's a ton of unique locations, each interesting enough to make you want to explore every single inch of the map. There's so many impactful choices and branching storylines that it feels like a Bethesda game at times, and every single one of them feels rewarding and thought out. There's no one-sided choices, and most challenges can be beaten multiple ways. There's so many sidequests it puts Skyrim to shame.Most importantly, all of this is laced with amazing humor, cheekyness, irony, puns, absurdity and silliness that somehow manages to never feel like it hinders the experience you get. Even the settings menu isn't exempt from the jokes, with an option to turn on colorblind mode (in a black-and-white game) ""just in case"".It took me eleven hours to ""beat"" the game once. I probably haven't seen even a third of what the game has to offer - with so many choices, you can't have your cake and eat it too. I've enjoyed every single second of the eleven hours, though. There hasn't been a single thing I disliked about the game - even though it doesn't shy away from making fun of the player, even though the graphics are not amazing (to put it very lightly), in my eyes it's a straight 10/10 game.Definitely my GOTY 2017."
,Recommended,597220,34150873,Posted: 10 August,all,Stoic Romance,"This game has an option to change all fonts to Arial, though it begs you not to. It's funnier before you hit ""new game"" than most games are through their entire playtime."
,Recommended,597220,34163278,Posted: 11 August,all,PancakeBacon,"After purchasing this game, it kept me invested to sit and play it for nine hours straight until the final cutscene. There is still so much more I have to discover."
,Recommended,597220,34301028,Posted: 16 August,all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/TsFU6LzI6jQWhat can I say about West of Loathing? Stick figures, dad jokes, engaging gameplay, and humor oozing out of every aspect of the game, it is an absolute jjoy to play. With 3 playable classes, decisions that encourage player choice, this game does not limit you to an on-rails experience. Per my First Impressions video, this game is an almost certainty for my top 10 games of 2017!If you are a fan of turn based RPGs with a fantastic sense of humor and tons of replayability, then this game is an absolute must-own. Especially for it's asking price."
,Recommended,597220,34258400,Posted: 15 August,all,Walta,"Don't let the simplistic graphics fool you, this game is a lot more complex than you'd think.It took me around 11 hours finishing the main story, but there's still a good amount of sidequests to do/places to explore. The game has fun and witty dialogue, though the overarching ""story"" (if you can call it that) is kinda lacking. There's a lot of sidequests to follow, things to unlock, stuff to read, puzzles to solve.I'm not a huge fan of RPG's normally, but this game is an exception. The combat is fun and satisfying, and because you can choose between 3 classes that each play very differently, there's some replay value as well. (And there's a hardmode option as well)I have no experiencing playing the game on normal difficulty, since I finished it on hardmode first. I can say however, that playing on hardmode provides you with a fun and challenging game experience.For 11 euros, this game is a steal."
76561198391280216,Recommended,597220,34649026,Posted: 31 August,all,starmistdragon2003,"What I like about the game:-The writing is clever and hilarious. The game is full of gags, satire, and absurd logic, and it's all executed perfectly. The humor is easily this game's strongest point for me.-The combat system is fun, and allows for lots of creativity in how you approach battles.-The art style is simplistic, but pleasing to the eye.-You are able to decide what kind of character your protagonist is, with the choices the game gives you. Are they a stone-cold, battle-hungry killer, or do they avoid conflict whenever they have the chance?-There's tons of weaponry, apparel, food, and drink to choose from, to really customize your characters stats and fighting style.-The music is epic and really enhances the experience.-If you're stuck on a quest, there's always something else to do that's fun.-You can fast-travel from anywhere, even from inside buildings and caves.-You get experience fairly quickly. If you need more experience, there's always places to grind, and battles are so enjoyable in this game that even grinding is a joy.What I don't like about this game:-Lockpicking and Safecracking are two very important skills that are difficult to find the skill books for if you made some mistakes in the introductory chapter, leading to a lot of frustration. In addition, the skill books are quite expensive themselves.-...that's all I got.I highly recommend this game if you want a good laugh, enjoy strategic and creative grid-based battles, or just feel like killing demonic cows."
,Recommended,597220,34162928,Posted: 11 August,all,jenn,"This game is delightful. In terms of basic structure it's similar to most RPGs where you have a main quest and sidequests that you're going on and along the way you're collecting stats, new equiptment, meeting NPCs, visiting towns, etc.First the ProsThe best part of the game is definitely the creativity, humor and sense of discovery -- because of the simplicity of the graphics and just the style of the game, it allows for a lot more varied combinations of stuff and situations. Unlike most RPGs, it doesn't really have a part where you're just grinding away mindlessly; the story's constantly moving forward and there's constantly new locations to be discovered (that's the beauty of simple graphics!).Also, don't let the stick figures fool you -- this is a very thought out and carefully made game. It's well-balanced in terms of item drops, difficulty progression, fun plotlines and stories, variations to enhance replayability, etc. Each aspect of it feels very intentional. For item drops, for example, I find that in a lot of RPGs it's either too flukey in terms of getting good items (to the point where there's too muck luck involved) or more frequently most of the junk you collect doesn't matter except after a boss battle. This game is not like that at all, you're constantly getting different stuff in the way thay makes sense. There's no part of it that feels like an afterthought.Plus, people familiar with the genre will notice that they've taken the time to consider the little things to take annoyances out of the game -- there's no inventory management (unlimited inventory) and you don't spend time trudging around (you can always go straight back the main map and there's no long stretches of walking -- I personally hate watching my character walk around in games so I love when developers have taken that into consideration). I love, love, love that you can speed up the combat animation to 300% under the options. I love games that don't waste my time.This game looks casual, but there's so many decisions in the design of it that were clearly very intentional and thoughtful.A Few (Negligible) ConsThe only downside I could find was that there's so much going on especially once you get further into the game - locations, quests, things to go back to - that it's a little hard to keep track of. I hardly think that's a big knock against this. Beyond that, it's up to you to decide if you're OK with the graphics -- I loved Kingdom of Loathing back in the day so I knew what I was getting into.DifficultyFor most seasoned RPG players, this game won't be too difficult. As long as you're careful, you can avoid a lot of the stuff that'll kill you outright, plus there's no permadeath (you just wake up and it's a new day) so you might get slowed down but it's not going to feel like you can't progress. It's heavy on puzzles which, depending on what you're into, may be a plus or minus for you.That said, there's also a hidden Hardcore Mode (it's a hat, actually, and you can find it during the prologue, but it affects a lot more than just what you can wear on your head) where the game gets significantly more difficult in terms of combat. As far as I could tell, the puzzles stay the same. So, if you're not into the puzzles and want a harder game, you can always find a walkthrough to get the answers to the puzzles and do it that way.My recommendation would be to play through normally the first time and once you've figured out the puzzles, then try it again on hardcore.ReplayabilityYou will definitely want to replay the game at least once. There's multiple ways to solve a bulk of the interactions (largely depending on what type of character you are), plus there's different mounts you can ride with different attributes (standard, sneaky, spooky and crazy), and three different companions -- so you'll be rewarded by playing through it again with a pretty varied experience.ConclusionHonestly, this is one of the better games I've played in a while, It's very well balanced and fun. If you like RPGS and puzzles and stories and humor, you'll love this."
,Recommended,597220,34181616,Posted: 11 August,all,Inept,I have no idea what I am doing but I like beating demonic cows with snakes.
,Recommended,597220,35140717,Posted: 22 September,all,[slckr]robilar5500,"West of Loathing is a lot of things, but what it is most of all is an epic Stickman Western. Part Spaghetti Western, part Eastwood Western, part Monty Python, but all fun and hilarity.StoryThe story in West of Loathing is one of love and loss. You are the witty protagonist, a stick man teen set off from his family’s home to explore the world. Unfortunately, Cows from Hell are rampaging all along the countryside, and so you begin investigating that while simply exploring your world, meeting new stick people and forming friendships (and enmities) along the way.The comedy in West of Loathing never relents, and is very much in the fusion of Clint Eastwood meets The Holy Grail. Of course, this is a western, but the memes and pop culture references also never relent, and to optimal effect. The writing is just awesome, tongue in cheek, and hilarious.9 out of 10GraphicsWest of Loathing is a stickman game, and so you can expect sketch art as the medium of expression here. Mostly black and white, minimalist sketch art. Again, this is done to optimal effect and it really becomes endearing and comfortable. While the artwork is sparse, it is as evocative as it is effective. Also, the style really assists in the healthy serving of sarcastic exposition you will encounter throughout.9 out of 10GameplayThe gameplay in West of Loathing is really a combination of 2-D open world exploration and JRPG style combat.There is an overlay map, from which you will explore the open terrain finding towns, old mines, ranches, forts, and other random spots. The 2-D map, from which you will handle direct exploration, combat, dialogue, and so on is set up in pretty basic fashion. You have your base areas and then buildings/caves/etc…that you can explore. No one area  is very large, but each makes complete sense as far as its design goes and fits perfectly with the overall theme of the game.The combat system is handled in traditional JRPG style face offs with some very forgiving RNG’s (random number generators), base attacks, special attacks, and of course item usage. It’s actually a pretty easy game and you really shouldn’t die very often.To assist in this, you have an infinite number of inventory slots with which to carry the various  weapons, limited use items (such as food and drink for buffs, items which cause specific types of damage, healing objects, lockpicks, and of course crafting materials.Crafting is an essential part of this game and you will craft a lot of items through the course of your adventure. It happens in a variety of ways as well. For example, you will need a stove to bake bans, a silversmiths table to craft silver bullets and lockpicks, etc...Additionally, you can and will build relationships, via conversations and/or side quests. The side quests often poke fun at the standard RPG tropes by making you do them almost to the point of exhaustion while also making fun of the situation as you do. In fact, this game in general is about breaking down and making fun of the RPG standards.There is actually quite a bit more to this surprisingly deep game, but I’ll leave off for now.9 out of 10AudioThe audio is actually done to perfection. From the ambient sounds you would expect from a western to music that would fit in any Clint Eastwood film, you are in for a treat with regards to the audio in West of Loathing.10 out of 10VerdictWest of Loathing is a game that, simply by appearance, can be easily dismissed. However, that would be a mistake as it actually ended up being an excellent game worthy of at least on and possibly even two or three playthroughs. You will be doing yourself a favor by picking this one up.9.3 belligerent and drunk stick man horses out of 10 possible. The other .7? Well….they say you sometimes lose a bit of yourself when you get THAT drunk."
,Recommended,597220,34283060,Posted: 16 August,all,SAJewers,"A semi-open world RPG with lots to do, and amazing writing. Basically, Imagine Skyrim or Mass Effect, if it were written by a late-night comedian, drawn by xkcd, and set in the Wild West. 100% in the running for Best indie game of 2017."
76561198047617787,Recommended,597220,35328174,Posted: 30 September,all,Shabba Ranks,a graveyard for people named dave called the daveyardghost cucumbers (and the ability to fight them)neverending snake waterfallan entire cowboy outfit but specifically covered in spitgod bless
,Recommended,597220,34281582,Posted: 16 August,all,Biff Manjaw,"The graphics settings are: Good, Bad, and Ugly. That says everything you need to know about this game."
,Recommended,597220,34209698,Posted: 13 August,all,Smoke731mcb,"This is hands down the greatest stick figure game youll ever play. that said it it probably the funniest video game ver created. I played Kingdom of loathing for a considerable amount of time back in the day and this captures every bit of the essence and humor of that and places it in a new setting to be played at your own pace. it even lead me back to playing kingdom again! i cant stress enough that this game is wonderful and fun and so damn funny. Do yourself a favor, its only 10 bucks."
76561198232775280,Recommended,597220,34235161,Posted: 14 August,all,Iven1ohne1,There is so much to do in this gameso many secretsso many side storysand so much humori absolutely love this game
76561198044066603,Recommended,597220,34157278,Posted: 10 August,all,SparklySheep,All the fun and humor of Kingdom of Loathing without the grind. A solid coffee break RPG to sink your teeth into.
,Recommended,597220,34686636,Posted: 2 September,all,TrueHorror,An excellent RPG ... despite what most will think at first glance it is truly a must play
,Recommended,597220,34229421,Posted: 13 August,all,2flow,"Lots of fun. The gameplay is reminiscient of the first Fallout games. It's clear a lot of love went into the game, as the game saturates everything with it's goofy sense of humor. And there's plenty of disgusting spitoons to keep you busy for hours."
76561198002675081,Recommended,597220,34443850,Posted: 23 August,all,KentuckyFriedBlaziken™,"Definitely a must play even if you've never touched the original brower game. Manages to cram jokes into nearly ever dialogue and combat messages while maintaining good gameplay. Almost every encounter including the final boss can be solved with fighting or dialogue or skill checks. Has a much needed color blind mode for a black and white game, you must see it to believe.*the ministry of silly walks reference is already worth the price of admission*"
,Recommended,597220,34166475,Posted: 11 August,all,Tinsin-Brand Human™,"Like a delicious, distilled version of Kingdom of Loathing, West of Loathing hits all the right taste buds. <3"
76561198244387248,Recommended,597220,34892369,Posted: 11 September,all,Kina-chan,"So, I played this game six times in a row... I'm not even joking.  There are two reasons I did this: 1) achievements and 2) this game is ridiculously fun and entertaining.  I've spent basically 82 hours playing this game and I had fun each and every time I did it!  Seriously, even though I was basically doing the exact same things as I'd done before over and over, I still thoroughly enjoyed playing.  Which lead me to question how in the world I didn't get tired of the game even remotely.  I came up with a list to answer that question, which I will now share.I think a large part of it is the sheer amount of humor in the West of Loathing.  Humor and puns are practically the lifeblood of this game!  There's so much attention to detail, from the bigger stuff like the quests and missions to the smaller stuff like random encounters and even minute details like the personalization of tombstones and notes!  Every single character that appears in the game is unique.  What's more, the way you play and the choices you make affect literally everything in the game, from how the story ends to the encounters you have and the way you handle them.  In all of my playthroughs of this game (and I intend to do at least one or two more), there seemed to always be something new.I so highly recommend West of Loathing.  This game is ridiculously fun and I don't think one could ever grow bored of playing it.  One of the best games I've ever played!"
,Recommended,597220,34598796,Posted: 29 August,all,Pudd,"Pound for pound, this is the most interesting, engrossing, and funny game I've played in the past few years. Just 15 hours took me on an incredible Western-genre-bending journey that I'm still incredibly hooked on. I want to 100% this game and, easy collectathon games I can play while listening to podcasts nonwithstanding, that never happens. Please play this game. It's only $10.99. It's worth it."
76561197970732728,Recommended,597220,34242713,Posted: 14 August,all,Johnnemann,"This game is so wonderful. It's warm and funny, consistently. It feels like a goofy romp with your cleverest friends through a fun Wild West landscape. Wholeheartedly recommended."
,Recommended,597220,34437817,Posted: 23 August,all,Ironmind91,Starts game.Has a dream about picking a class.Finds book that makes you walk funny.Leaves house.Says goodbye to Dad.Dad then air guitar's the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of his pitchfork.I love this game already.
,Recommended,597220,34488451,Posted: 25 August,all,I draw and stuff,"Quirky game about a young cowboy that leaves his family in search or helping/fortune or simply to get away from his boring  farm place, encounters many foes such as snakes, revive skeletons, cult members, clowns, criminals, ancient robots and possibly much more, enjoyable jokes all over the place and loads of mysteries and secrets that sometimes are right infront of you and you wont even notice and a satifying battle system to say the least.I'd recommend this game to probably any person that dosent have their face turned into stone, in other words a person that has emotions.Also you can turn a turnip into a silver turnip hat/crown+a drunk horse"
,Recommended,597220,34509043,Posted: 26 August,all,Cheez-It,"West of Loathing is Kingdom of Loathing's sexier, sleeker, more action oriented sibling. And, if you've played Kingdom of Loathing you'd know this means slightly larger stick figures, actual sound effects, and combat with animations.This might not sound like a big deal but it is. It is all done in such a sleek yet simple manner that it is a pleasure to watch unfold. It is simple but not sparse. The game is deep with lots of side quests, locations, strategies to combat (although it is pretty easy) and various ways to approach many situations based on your stats and abilities.For any KoL lover reading this: GET THIS GAME.For any non-KoL lover but RPG/strategy/comedy game lover: GET THIS GAME and then play Kingdom of Loathing (it's free).My favorite moment from the game: the ridiculus fanfare I got for shoveling a lot of something."
,Recommended,597220,34249145,Posted: 14 August,all,K. D. Bones,"Never has building a bridge with an army of skeletons after acquiring the knowledge of the damned been so fun!Legit, this is one of the best for value games on Steam. Ever."
76561198117153407,Recommended,597220,34548433,Posted: 28 August,all,Potasky,"Graphic wise: The 2D b&w graphic may be a simple presentation; nontheless it is charming and sufficient enough to portary the world.RPG & open world aspect: The map is HUGE and filled with point of interests to explore, plus all sorts of random encounters that remind me a lot about the good ol' Fallout 2. Non-linear story progession, and ample amount of meaningful options can never go wrong. Character has novel and Interesting character attributes, but combat skill may be a bit lacking.PLOT wise: The main quest line is about you wandering to the west. But along the way you can find different fictions, individuals, and elements. All these factors clashes and intertwines into a grand world. But all lines are thoroughly developed with clear motives, goals, and proper potential endings. It may be complex, but never disorganized.The game is TEXT HEAVY, in both quality and quantity. Through these words, humor shines and imagination thrives. Through these words, stick figures come to life and (AMAZINGLY) becoming distinguishable characters. Personally the text is the best part about this game.Annnnd Puzzles. Tons of nontrivial puzzle to test your mind (and patience) with.If you need one more reason to get this game, that'd be its price. 10 bucks for all what I've experienced, I'd say my money, as well as time, was well spent!"
,Recommended,597220,34632681,Posted: 31 August,all,Ad Avis,Surprisingly fun RPG in the vein of South Park Stick of Truth. You run around gathering items and whacking fire bovines and solving problems around the world. All in glorious 2d monochrome.
76561198416191575,Recommended,597220,34685771,Posted: 2 September,all,Nimrod.usorg,Awesome Game! A whole lot of fun quests meet partners fight goblins and have fun I'm thrilled for the next update!
76561198034310905,Recommended,597220,34402575,Posted: 21 August,all,RollPlayingGamer,"This goddamn game man. Saw the egg himself do the tutorial and almost died inside by how poorly he played it. Decided to buy it and play it myself and it's incredible.ProsAbsurdist humor,Challenging gameplay with hard-hat mode,So many branching paths, (ALL the replayability)Great gameplay,Necromancy is called 'nex mex'Great 'parder' characters who help you through your journey west. (you can only take one with you, and if you don't takebest girl Doc Alicewith you, We can't be friends.)Surpisingly deep rpg mechanics,ConsPickle FactoryHonestly, I don't want to over-hype the game. But this isn't a game you want to miss out on. Hopefully, I'll see you in the West. Web Marst'On, Snake oiler-"
,Recommended,597220,34306180,Posted: 17 August,all,Saucy Fandangoo,"never played kingdom of loathing so I didn't know what was coming with this one. easily one of the funniest games out there,  surprising amounts of content and depth for a 10 dollar stick figure rpg. quests can be solved by puzzle solving, skill/speech checks, brute forcing, or just outright going around the quest and doing something completely different. honestly more of an rpg than recent bioware or bethesda games. pacing is really fast to the point where you lose track of what you're doing sometimes. other than that, great game. a steal at this price with a good amount of replay value."
,Recommended,597220,34224747,Posted: 13 August,all,Squarkinator,"Very reminisce of Kingdom of Loathing, which I enjoyed very much some years ago.Complete with frustrating puzzles, but hey, that's the Loathing way9/10 would recommendP.S. My other horse is made of meat"
,Recommended,597220,34393305,Posted: 21 August,all,Jäger,"What can I say about West of Loathing?1) Plenty of exploring2) Hilarious interactions3) Fun turn based combat system4) A goshdarn good game to have a hoot with your ""pardner"" (4 to choose from each playthrough)For a game that seems simple stick figures with a black and white environment, do not let it fool you. West of Loathing will captivate you into hours of funny and intriguing missions. If you think this seems like one of those games that lasts like 3 hours to complete, wait til you see the map after leaving the tutorial area.From fixing the railroad to solving complex conspiracies, you'll spend hours and hours playing this absolutely wonderful game."
,Recommended,597220,35055201,Posted: 18 September,all,Duke of the Bump,"This is the best computer role-playing-game I've ever played. It's like one of those old-timey DOS RPGs that you always say you're going to go back and play, except when you finally do it's so abstruse and clunky and old-fashioned that you end up dying in the first encounter, or unable to figure out how to get out of the first town, so you quit after 20 minutes.It's like that, except it's actually accessible and playable, with an interface that you understand how to use just by looking at it. It still has all the good stuff about those old RPGs that everyone raves about: worldbuilding, a boatload of secrets and mysteries to unravel, multiple ways to solve problems, skill checks out the wazoo, bad graphics, exciting loot, a million viable ways you can build your character, and a rewarding tactical turn-based combat system. It's also the funniest game I've ever played, which is a low bar, but WoL grabs that brass ring and races past the finish line with it faster than Superman can mix this metaphor.If you like computer role-playing games you should play West of Loathing.One erratum (9/22/17): If you want the rewarding tactical turn-based combat, make sure you equip the hard hat. Otherwise the battles are pretty trivial. If you do put the hard hat on, make sure you select the option to distribute your XP manually instead of letting the game allocate it for you. The game would still be fantastic and well worth the price of admission if you just want to breeze through the combat and explore the world, but for me personally the challenging combat and the decisions I had to make when building my character added an extra layer of enjoyment to the game."
,Recommended,597220,34831150,Posted: 9 September,all,Pelicunt,Now get KoL on steam somehow.
76561198120594782,Recommended,597220,34839805,Posted: 9 September,all,Glajimator,"Do not be fooled by the graphics,this is a great game.When i first saw it i couldn't help but wonder what people see in this game.Then i bought it and got my answer.This is an RPG which you will play with your mouse only or keyboard if you like.It is simple to pick up but it does have depth.Combat is great,skills are very interesting and progression is very rewarding.The whole game makes fun of itself  so you will get good laughs most of the time.It has good puzzles,each class plays totaly diferent and you get to make many choices along your journey.Perk system will remind you a lot of Fallout.It is very addicting and totaly worth the price.8.5/10"
,Recommended,597220,34249844,Posted: 14 August,all,Remolay,"It's like Kingdom of Loathing but with actual gameplay. And considering I love Kingdom of Loathing's humour, but I can't get past the whole ""Browser game"" thing, that's good enough for me."
,Recommended,597220,34156480,Posted: 10 August,all,the Darkest Road,Just as good as the f2p online game Kingdom of Loathinghttp://www.kingdomofloathing.com/
,Recommended,597220,34283404,Posted: 16 August,all,Hamlox,"This is like KoL without the daily turn limitation!  The writing is fantastic, the gameplay is fun, the UI is set up well, and the animation is better than stick-figure-animation has any right to be.  Great game!"
,Recommended,597220,34151234,Posted: 10 August,all,Transmogro,"Hilarious, addicting, simple, and immensely entertaining."
,Recommended,597220,34180424,Posted: 11 August,all,SpitefulFox,"This game is amazing and hilarious and I love it.Pros:- Hilarious- Full of exploration and secrets to find- The ""Stupid Walk"" animations- Isn't yet another Elf-Dwarf-Hoomin Fantasy RPGCons:- No run button.- Kinda short- Graphics might turn you off if you're a philistine"
76561198144550603,Recommended,597220,34684428,Posted: 2 September,all,KingBail3y,this game is absolutely amazing!
76561198001827495,Recommended,597220,34667163,Posted: 1 September,all,typh0id,"Jick has a fantastic sense of humor and will always be able to get me to laugh.  The writing is great, and the gameplay isn't half-bad either.  I'm not done with my first playthrough yet, but I already feel all of the elements that attracted me to KoL back in the day, and that I still desire for a fun video game experience."
76561198005590528,Recommended,597220,34390847,Posted: 21 August,all,Nu11X3r0,"When I spend over 20 hours in two days on a game comprised of ""dad jokes"" and hand drawn landscapes populated by stick figure characters you know this thing is worth it's price tag.Think Red Dead Redemption without a graphics card... or a VO... or, okay without a lot of the fancy stuff. However what this game lacks in visual fedelity it more than makes up with a simple to learn combat system, engaging story and more humor in a single encounter than most games have in hours worth of playtime.Only downsides in my eyes relate to achievement hunting and that's because you need to play the game's story at minimum 3 times to collect all the achievements one of which would almost require being a speed run to get."
76561198049505730,Recommended,597220,34829385,Posted: 8 September,all,Queeny Pie,"A fantastic game game filled with Cow Punching, Bean Magic, and Snake shootin...to name a few things. The game is rich in dialog, side quests, and other options to keep you engaged. I personally enjoyed the aesthetic, a bit of the humor, and the gameplay mostly.I found the game to be 7/10, but for anyone who enjoys the comedy, I would definitely put the game at an 8 or 9. My gripes come with the side character sort of falling out of relevancy after awhile and the main story feels like it just stops.Regardless, it's definitely worth a purchase."
,Recommended,597220,35073965,Posted: 19 September,all,Mr Hoodlum,"I have a hundred games on steam, and I have no genre preferences at all; I go mostly by if the game feels like it can bring something good. I instantly refund something I don't like.After finishing this one, I wanted to replay it and I did. After getting through almost all of the content I wanted more, and it left this huge hunger in my gaming heart.There hasn't been a game that has done this to me in a while in a manner so strong. And with an execution so simple but polished.I guess it's because the game was so earnest.. and felt like a game. Like an actual game, free of any of the industry ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t consuming it at the moment. Free, like the wild west which is funnily enough the game's setting.I won't talk about the game or spoil anything about the mechanics, because that's how I entered the game; blind (I saw the trailer on steam front page.)All I'll say is this is a must buy."
76561198067671721,Recommended,597220,35018525,Posted: 17 September,all,WindFly,"""If any game needs to be made, it's more of this"" ——Markplier10/10，The world need more of this."
,Recommended,597220,34197440,Posted: 12 August,all,isterholm,"West of Loathing is a lovely game. Is that weird to say about a game? It's just lovely. Everything about Loathing is completely charming!I was a beanwizard cowpoke travelling with a world-weary whiskey-swilling sawbones who had a vendetta against skeletons. Riding together on my pale horse (an actual spooky ghost) we set off to rid the world of a dread necromancer and also uncover the mysteries of an ancient alien civilization lurking in the deepest parts of the frontier.  But that's just another day in the wild west.West of Loathing is a comedic RPG that starts cracking jokes right from character creation and never lets up. It riffs on its weird west fantasy setting relentlessly, presenting you with beanslinging wizards alongside guntotin' outlaws. It's absolutely dense with jokes, puns, and clever writing.That's not to say that it's a joke game: as an RPG, it's robust in terms of character development and player choice, especially if you elect to manually spend XP. Nearly every situation has multiple dialogue choices and solutions based on your character stats, skills, and items at hand, and two players might have wildly differing experiences as a result. It draws inspiration from 90's cRPG design, yet Loathing feels inviting and approachable to nearly anyone. The turn-based combat is not terribly challenging outside of a few key fights, but feels meaty enough as connective tissue in between exploration and walking up to every object to read new jokes. (There is a hard mode, but I haven't tried it.)It's so easy to write off a game like this based on looks alone. ""Stick-figure RPG"" conjures images of amateurish flash games from the early 2000's, but Loathing is anything but amateurish. The hand-drawn art is joyous, not crude, and communicates so much character, especially in motion. About ten seconds into the game you can unlock a menu option that makes you walk silly. This would've been a one-off joke except they crammed in about two dozen incredibly silly walk cycles (including context-sensitive ones!) that I kept it on the whole game, just admiring the sheer goofmanship involved.My initial playthrough clocked in at about 9 hours, with most (but not all!) of the side content completed, and I'm already starting another character to see the things I missed. Side quests are at the heart of Loathing. The game world branches out in scope like a Bethesda game might. The main quest is fairly barebones, serving to gate the three sections of the overworld, and making a beeline for it would lead you to miss so much of the clever writing and wonderful characters that make the game worthwhile.Besides the standard combat scenarios, there's also some surprisingly cerebral puzzles: these are going to be hit or miss depending on the player, but be prepared to take notes on some of the more fiendish ones. Or, being side content, they are entirely skippable if you'd rather not engage with them.Overall, West of Loathing is a very funny game with solid RPG bones that has both depth and accessibility. The combat may be the weaker part of the game, but is perfectly serviceable and resolves quickly. Branching choices and hidden content mean that there's a good amount of replay value too.I don't think a minute passed without Loathing putting at least a smile on my face, never mind all the genuine laughs I had. West of Loathing is a real gem, relentlessly goofy yet clever, and always ready to charm. Lovely."
,Recommended,597220,34382104,Posted: 20 August,all,OptoNick,"It's like a sequel to Anachronox, but in 2D Wild West decorations. Perfectly stylish, tons of puns and wordplay jokes, surprisingly deep RPG system, kinda clumsy turn-based combat - everything is in the best traditions of Anachronox :)Thoroughly enjoyable game."
,Recommended,597220,34155249,Posted: 10 August,all,prahanormal,"I got a gun, and found a pun, and had some fun. :)"
76561197976129379,Recommended,597220,34365782,Posted: 19 August,all,Science!,"This game is so good.  On top of the amazy humour, the gameplay feels so satisfying for a soft, light-hearted RPG.If this looks even remotely enticing, play it."
76561198025214872,Recommended,597220,34318146,Posted: 17 August,all,logfromblammo,"Howdy, pardner.Ah reckon you oughtter buy this here game right quick, 'fore you lose another minute o' time you coulda spent playin' it.Now git!"
76561198069650691,Recommended,597220,34301632,Posted: 17 August,all,Avengeful_Fox,"This game reminds me a LOT of Paper Mario (not a specific one, just the series in general).  There's a ton to see and do, backtracking to previous areas once you have new skills is a good idea, the sense of humor is AMAZING, there's a dark, sinister undertone to parts, the combat is simple, but fun, and the art style, while totally minimalistic, just makes the game all the more amazing.10/10 I regularly ignore my loved ones in favor of playing this game."
76561198210273277,Recommended,597220,34300930,Posted: 16 August,all,Viztec,Exceptional game with a story that will keep you engaged.Well worth the price10/10
,Recommended,597220,34332109,Posted: 18 August,all,Tarradax,"I spent $10 on a game and I've already put 20 hours into - and am willing to put another 10 to get 100% completion. That doesn't happen very often.Honestly, this game has more RPG depth and player choice than most major AAA titles (Looking at you, Bethesda!), a lot of puns, a lot of freedom to really putz about the world and do things your way.One thing to note - If you're looking for a challenge, this isn't what this game is about. The difficulty is really low, I've done the ""Hard Mode in One Day"" achievement on my second playthrough and had no problems except some early-game group encounters."
76561198009769880,Recommended,597220,34407122,Posted: 21 August,all,Doorbell,Hilarious and awesome. Hilawesome? Awelarious.
,Recommended,597220,34270156,Posted: 15 August,all,AshDroid,"A delightfully silly game that's full of puzzles and side quests. It has a lot of references to Kingdom of Loathing, but you don't need to know anything about it to enjoy West of Loathing. I finished the main quest at around 20 hours, but still have a decent amount of side quests and puzzles to finish (and some I still need to start). Definitely worth $11."
,Recommended,597220,34297033,Posted: 16 August,all,Nic Cage the Science Mage,"I got the game, then played it for an hour and 20 minutes non stop and was laughing almost the entire time. I haven't even finished it but I still give it 10/10."
,Recommended,597220,34199579,Posted: 12 August,all,jm,"This game is a seriously unique thing. It presents a vaguely nostalgic Western world with a bunch of fantasy wrinkles and combines it with a wacky sense of humor (honed over a decade of running a fantasy MMO) that is utterly unpredictable and delightful. Several times already, I have found myself gawking at the screen at how clever or funny a puzzle, line of dialogue, or even item description is. Overlaid upon it all is an RPG system which is enjoyably simple while still offering a lot of customization with regards to combat style and character. Combat can even be bypassed entirely if desired. Overall, if you have any interest at all in satirical fantasy, funny jokes, or classic adventure games, buy this!"
,Recommended,597220,34217485,Posted: 13 August,all,Ray,"I love this game and the people behind it. Really, really good people and really, really fun game! If you liked this, play Kingdom of Loathing."
,Recommended,597220,34235319,Posted: 14 August,all,Jovine,"Fun, Funny, and Fighting. That's this game. Look at a bit of the video and decide if you can handle a grayscale world like this, but the gameplay is awesome. The one this is your inventory can get out of control, fast."
,Recommended,597220,34211575,Posted: 13 August,all,riverscandie,I expected humour and I got it.Witty and puntastic dialogues are always a plus for me.The stupid walk gets me almost every time.The puzzles are usually easy but it can get complicated. I cry a little bit when math is involved.- A certified pro cow puncher
,Recommended,597220,34174167,Posted: 11 August,all,Blunderbuss,"Quirky, charming, and original. Funny, too. You'll be hard pressed to find a better use for $11."
,Recommended,597220,34173887,Posted: 11 August,all,Doctor Dank,"Absolutely brilliant. Literally Kingdom of Loathing humor in a single-player experience.There's actually some honest-to-god roleplaying going on here too, the likes of which we haven't really seen since the days of Baldur's Gate, etc.Read every bit of flavor text, every item description, and interact with everything. Every byte of this game was made with love.Worth more than $10 in my opinion."
,Recommended,597220,34387164,Posted: 20 August,all,Ardee,I love the story.I love the setting.I love the humor.However when I play a game I want a challenge. This game is just far too easy. You can grind as much as you want and outlevel everything. Having realized this I restarted and just did the quests and avoided the free grinds. You still outlevel everything.Do you want a game with just as much humor and challenge as the Stick of Truth? This is for you.Do you want a game that is challenging and tactical? This game is not for you.EDIT: Played through again on the devs advice with hard hat. While it does not make the game an incredible challenge and does introduce some pretty big difficulty spikes it makes the combat actually meaningful.I do not like this mechanic for choosing difficulty at all however. I'd would have vastly preferred one of the following implementations:Keep hard hat in* Allow you to put the hard hat on at character creation.* Tweak quests that require you to be wearing certain hats to be completed with hard hat on. If these quests were dropped for their bonuses being two strong then tweak the reward appropriately.Remove hard hat* Provide a difficulty selector at character creation and remove the hard hat from the game. The loss of the hat item slot is not a significant enough loss of stats to make a difference through the majority of the game.I changed my review and I think this game is worth a pickup to anyone who enjoys a funny lightweight RPG and highly recommend you only play through with hard hat on. This does require minor spoilers to the start of the game but the change in experience is very much worth it.
76561198191767511,Recommended,597220,35371031,Posted: 1 October,all,Crocket Lawnchair,"Definitally the best game I've played all year, and one of, if not THE BEST game I've ever played, period. I whole heartely suggest you buy this game. Fun gameplay, outstanding music, a story that takes itself just the right amount of seriously, lots of customization, and the best writing I've ever seen a game. Tl;Dr: buy the ♥♥♥♥in' game."
76561198096200616,Recommended,597220,35237283,Posted: 27 September,all,Danger.OS,"A few disclaimers before I begin:1. I had never heard of Kingdom of Loathing prior to discovering this game, and as such I have never played it before.2. I bought this because I watched a let's play of the beginning bits and my curiosity was piqued.  I highly recommend that if this game sounds like something you want to buy, *do not* do this.  You do not want the feeling of ""Oh I've heard this joke before,"" as the comedy is worth experiencing for the first time on your own.Overview:After picking a name and gender for your character, you are given the option of magic-wielder, melee fighter, or a rogue/thief class.  (For the record, in my one playthrough I have completed thus far, I picked magic).  Your character has decided to leave your family's farm to go west, where small towns and demon cows are awaiting.  That's basically all of the story in a nutshell.THE GOOD:- Laugh-Out-Loud FunnySeemingly everything has a goofy description, a peculiar story, or is just a strange thing in general that will probably make you crack a smile.  This humor is not high-brow, but it doesn't have to be.  If you allow it, this story will make you laugh.  The game thrives on player exploration, so you are doing yourself and the game a disservice if you do not check out everything you can.- Surprisingly Open-EndedInstead of formal levels, the progression in this RPG is mostly through using XP to increase stats.  In a way very reminiscent of Fallout, having certain stats a high enough level will allow you to avoid the game becoming a series of never-ending fights, while also hiding some of the game's best gags.  Of course, no one will blame you if you mercilessly fight everything that looks at you sideways either.  The game shows you this choice early on when you are first given the option to kill a bandit or talk him out of his life of crime.  Not only that, but the short time you spend with side characters while helping them with their varying problems does often lead to actually helping them.  There's a strange amount of impact you leave on the small game world.- Intuitive, Easy CombatThis is as simple to grasp as it gets. Fighting is standard turn-based fare, with melee weapon, gun, and magic attack options.  Each fight you start with a certain amount of AP which you use to cast spells, but guns and melee weapons are unlimited.  Characters are on a grid, but this really serves no change in combat.  Guns become blocked off by cover (either yours or your enemies) or another enemy standing in front of your target.  Because magic and melee still work in these cases, however, I can't say this made much difference.- Interesting and Likeable CharactersFrom the most evil enemies to your choice of ""pardner,"" every npc in this game has an adorable charm.  Part of it is of course the stick figure aesthetic, but characters stand out for their quirkiness and deadpan acceptance of the ridiculous world they live in.  Some moments with characters are even downright sad in spite of the obvious comedic theme.  One character that you choose from a few options follows you throughout the game as your ""pardner"" and fights in combat with you.  Each of these characters was interesting and I wanted them to go with me for different reasons.  Hearing their dialogue and using their abilities is warranting of multiple playthroughs, as far as I see it.THE BAD:- Little Quest VarietyAlmost every mission, whether it's part of the main quest or not, is at the heart of it a fetch quest.  Characters have lost this or that, or had it stolen, and it's up to you to find it (and you'll probably have to kick some♥♥♥♥♥to get to it).  The game seems to make fun of itself for this late in the game during one of the main story missions, with your main character actually getting pretty frustrated at a particularly ridiculous endeavor.  For me though, this was just a reminder of how I was beginning to grow tired of the superficiality of the actual tasks I was doing.  I often used the ability to ask my ""pardner"" where I was supposed to go next for the various side missions just because I started getting bored of quests and would go off exploring instead.- Combat Growing TediousAs I said previously, I played the magic-casting ""beanslinger"" class so my best attacks were spells that I learned from books I found throughout the world.  Once I had found a combo of spells that allowed me to take a good chunk of health from an enemy in turn one, there was no reason to do anything else.  Battles started to become all the same, and I started spacing out while doing them just to get to more of the funny dialogue.  One particular annoyance came in a fight which had three enemies attacking me and 2 others buffing the whole team's attack and defense each turn.  I had to kill the attackers first so that I wouldn't be killed (more an annoyance that anything, as you can come right back), but this left the other two enemies with 100+ hp health bars buffing themselves into oblivion.  By the time I was fighting only them, they had buffed themselves so much that I could only do 1 damage at a time to them, and had to just speed up the combat speed in the options menu and wittle them both down one at a time.  This is of course a worst-case scenario, but as I said just going through the motions once you are super strong quickly becomes the worst part of the game.THE UGLY:-The Ending (NO SPOILERS!)The game just sort of ends once you complete the last mission of the ""main"" storyline.  You are free to watch the ending cutscene, as well as go right back into the world and complete any remaining sidequests, but there's something so dissatisfying about it.  It's a feeling of reading a very good joke book, and the empty feeling you get when you close the back cover.TL;DR, West of Loathing is game that is a solid RPG that just barely overstays its welcome.  It's hilarious for people who don't mind some simple humor, but the game design could have used a bit more complexity.If you don't mind an RPG not being very deep in its mechanics and instead being a charming, ridiculous world, West of Loathing is your game.  You're either going to play it once, enjoy it, but never feel a need to play it again, or want to try every ""pardner"" and replay for hard mode and show all of your friends.For the low price, the length and potential replayability, and the enjoyment I personally got from it, I can whole-heartedly recommend this game to anyone looking for a chill time and a good laugh."
76561197968099417,Recommended,597220,35057046,Posted: 18 September,all,Jolololol,I can't remember the last time I laughed this much playing a game.
,Recommended,597220,34311950,Posted: 17 August,all,-=BTG=- Delta,"Hey there pardner!I tell ya, 'tis is the one o' the finest games I ever played.The story is awesome, the characters are funny, the gameplay is pretty fun.It has some ""grindy"" moments, but the story saves it every time. The decisions make this game also somewhat replayable.Overall a solid 8/10!"
76561198095917629,Recommended,597220,34314203,Posted: 17 August,all,Spooky trade.tf,As I prepared to leave my homestead my mother came to me with tears in her eyes. We said our goodbyes but before I left she had something to give me. The family briefcase full of snakes.
,Recommended,597220,35424271,Posted: 2 October,all,dumbass,yeehaw
,Recommended,597220,34185441,Posted: 12 August,all,lordarticus,"First off, Let me say I have a Fair amount of Bias because I have played a whole bunch of KoL back in the day.I even have 2 full complete Hardcore Oxy runs.That being said ""WoL"" Is everything KoL represents without the wait.It does a great job at compressing what makes KoL fun into a enjoyable bitesized RPG format leaving enough depth for multiple playthroughs. I completed my first route doing the Necrostory and am excited to start hardmode soon... I would like to get full achivements for this game and i am sure i will.As far as game features go, If they give free or paid updates to this game with features such as*Quest Log*Key rebinding*More Classes*More Hardcore contentThan I could see this game going pretty far. There were several times in which the amazing writing made me laugh out loud. If you like great tounge-in-cheek writing and supprisingly enjoyable story than you'll not find an easier $10 to spend.9 Filthy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Spattons outta 10"
76561198059889090,Recommended,597220,34157194,Posted: 10 August,all,Fomar0153,If you ever played Kingdom of Loathing and enjoyed it then this game captures all the best aspects of it.For everyone who hasn't played KoL then I can only say I think you will enjoy it if you're a fan of RPGs and humour.
,Recommended,597220,34249380,Posted: 14 August,all,Behemoth,"An excellent open-world-ish RPG, with some good goofs. Could use a better ending, but it's got plenty of secrets for me to find so it's hard to complain."
,Recommended,597220,34200934,Posted: 12 August,all,sodhner,"The ""walk stupid"" option alone is worth the money."
76561198109695642,Recommended,597220,34314731,Posted: 17 August,all,Krazy,"So I picked this game up just thinking it would be something I buy, play for 30 minutes then get a refund. Instead, I spent 7 hours on a playthrough over the course of 3 days in which I helped a man get his jelly beans back, blow open a vault with a cannon and learned the ins and outs of  Cow-Punching, Safe-cracking and Lock-picking.This game is worth EVERY penny you spend on it. It is one of the funniest, most clever and has so many different things you can do I'm pretty sure I've only done about 50% of all possibilities."
,Recommended,597220,34193393,Posted: 12 August,all,Jaedar,"So, a 2.5d black and white comedy rpg about the wild west.Didn't particularly like the comedy (it's heavily text and reference based), but it is a surprisingly solid rpg. There are usually several ways to solve quests, some nice puzzles and memory checks (my favorite is the middle name one). There are also a surprsing amount of ""hidden"" quests that lead to some nice content.Surprisingly it's also forced ironman, although you do ""respawn"" without much actual loss. I recommend a notepad, and paying a lot of attention, even to lines that seem to be flavor or red herrings."
76561197962473519,Recommended,597220,34241846,Posted: 14 August,all,Caff,"Funny, hilarious, charming, engaging. It's everything you want in a comedy stick man wild west RPG."
,Recommended,597220,34159871,Posted: 10 August,all,crissymoss,"I started playing this morning and have already sunk four hours into it without getting bord. The characters are funny, jokes sometimes punny, and I love the asthetics. There is even a ""color blind mode"" in the game becasue... you never know.All the quirky and rediculousness of the originall Kingdom of Loathing is here. But they replaced the crafting system, and changed classes. But it works well in the wild west theme."
,Recommended,597220,34182763,Posted: 11 August,all,TopHat,"West of Loathing is a great mix of point and click adventure style games with a great rpg mixed in.  There's a very different kind of humor I don't think you'll find anywhere else that is downright silly but intelligent.  I've lost the patience to read or even watch many of the exposition in games these days but even the longest drawn out conversations or texts in this game are always rewarding to take the time to read.  It's obviously not for people who only care about fast paced action but if you enjoy almost any other aspect of gaming, puzzles, strategy, discovery, story, this should appeal to you.Been a long time Loather so I am a bit bias but I can definitely say these are great devs who really put their lives into their games.  Even more so they are gamers and consumers of nerd/fan culture more than they are developers as you can see in their constant jokes and references as well as their penchant for interesting and varied mechanics in so many different aspects of the game."
,Recommended,597220,34431869,Posted: 23 August,all,Lead Farmer,"Witty writing, good turn-based combat system, tons of replayability, the silliest random encounters I've ever seen and a very large impact and range of possible choices.I've never had the experience of fishing around in a spittoon so vividly described to me."
76561198211141331,Recommended,597220,34318323,Posted: 17 August,all,gleamingjerry,I bought this game yesterday and I can't get enough of it. I would highly recommend this for anyone that enjoys rpg games.
76561198001965099,Recommended,597220,34279789,Posted: 16 August,all,SnowyGriffin,"Short but extremly fun.  It can be a bit easy at times but there is an ingame option for hard mode.  My two issues are that there are ALOT of item that I found were fairly useless, and keeping track of were the hell everything is becomes annoying.  Other thank that I wholeheartly reccomend it."
,Recommended,597220,34284323,Posted: 16 August,all,Fogg,"Hilarious, I cried laughing for the first time in the first few minutes and haven't had many breaks since. They just need to release a version of Kingdom of Loathing like this now."
76561197979280243,Recommended,597220,34155680,Posted: 10 August,all,King Numbskull,"This is one of the best indie games out there. It has all the humor of Kingdom of Loathing packaged into a nice $10 wild west game. This is one of the only games I've written a review for because it is honestly worth it. I was laughing so hard within minutes of playing, even during the Create A Character menu. I highly recommend this game for all meat lovers out there!"
,Recommended,597220,34161990,Posted: 10 August,all,Spooky Milk- ㅗㅜㅑ,"You like Kingdom of Loathing, you love this."
76561198031542291,Recommended,597220,34298608,Posted: 16 August,all,HOBOMASTERMAN,A pure joy
,Recommended,597220,34314957,Posted: 17 August,all,Branovices,Hilarious and surprisingly deep. I love all the interconnected sidequest areas. I heavily recommend it.
76561198035545597,Recommended,597220,34330536,Posted: 18 August,all,Irati,"It has been a trend for a while now for AAA RPGs to double down on shiny graphics and voice acting at the expense of a player-driven story. West of Loathing is a demonstration of the errors of this kind of thinking. Don't get me wrong, shiny graphics and voice acting are both nice elements that can greatly benefit immersion in a game. Every game benefits from looking and sounding as good as possible but those things are not the main appeal of RPGs specifically. So here we have West of Loathing, a game devoid of the trappings of modern AAA RPG's. It is in fact composed of black and white stick figures who's funny dialoge is not voiced and is acompanied by music which definitely sets the mood but is hardly inspiring. Yet the game is compelling because it has it's focus on the elements that form the basic appeal of an RPG. It has a simple, yet satisfying system for bulding your characters. The addition of cool perks and skills that can be found in the world is increadibly important to the game's appeal. Unlike many other games West of Loathing isn't affraid to let you miss things which makes finding things all the sweeter, especially when an item or abillity or perk found in some random cave might unlock a new way of completing some quest. Yes, problems have multiple solutions. This is a game where choices matter. No longer is the player stuck with the ''choice'' of agreeing to do something in three mildly different ways. I should also note that West of Loathing is a comedy game. The humor hasn't exactly captivated me thus far but frankly I don't care. This game is a good RPG and that is something we have to little of these days. So if games like Fallout 4 or Dragon Age Inquisition didn't quite satisy, this game may well be for you."
,Recommended,597220,34361509,Posted: 19 August,all,Wildcard777,"Having just beat this, I can say it is easily worth your time. The writing is non-stop funny and silly, the turn based combat makes all other games that have turn based combat pale in comparrison, there's a lot of paths you can take story wise. By doing 1 path it can remove access to another, but then that brings me to replayability.Not only will you want to replay this game because it's A) actually fun, and B) achievement hunt [some achievements require 3 playthroughs but different paths], but there's even a Hard Mode which can be a fun/difficult challenge.My first playthrough I helped 64 people, but I know there's plenty I missed."
76561198078032094,Recommended,597220,34362330,Posted: 19 August,all,Nowokain,Absolutely amazing game. Amazingly written and unbelievably funny.
76561198017772931,Recommended,597220,34372630,Posted: 20 August,all,{FOX} CrazyPing,This game is insanely fun and addictive.  The mechanics are simple but fun.  You can make choices in-game to make the difficulty higher (you would need to use items wisely and grind a little here and there for xp).Best part of the game is that it doesn't take a lot to run.  My 10 year old laptop runs it!
76561198110031203,Recommended,597220,34384896,Posted: 20 August,all,Higher Beings Love Cereal,"It's basically Skyrim, but in the West and on a budget. An instant classic.""You see that mountain? You can go there! Well, if you can get past all the demon cows and distactions first."""
,Recommended,597220,34284495,Posted: 16 August,all,Martimer,11 hours in and still havent finished my first playthrough.
76561198031172371,Recommended,597220,34308492,Posted: 17 August,all,random,"Finished the game once with plenty of content left.Recently started again as a different class and found more stuff to do.The game is funny, clever, and well worth the money in terms of enjoyment and time.The only problem I can think of is the replayability factor.There are not THAT many choices to pick in most cases, so I don't see myself playing the game more than three times to check all classes, maybe a bit more if something justifies it.By itself it's not a problem, three playthroughs are WELL worth the price, but the problem is that some quests are locked if you do something qwrong, and can only be done again if you restart.So on one hand, I have a game that encourages me to test new stuff, but then on the other hand punishes me by redoing the same 5 hours because of one mistake I did.Other than that, good game, and highly recommended."
76561198042593054,Recommended,597220,34213734,Posted: 13 August,all,Friend,"If you liked Kingdom of Loathing, you will love this.Great game. Witty dialogue with great humor. Can't get enough of it.Definitely worth a buy at full price."
,Recommended,597220,34222295,Posted: 13 August,all,RyZeN,Havent had so much fun for a while now!
,Recommended,597220,34224583,Posted: 13 August,all,pizzasoda,this game is a cleverly hilarious open world game with so much to do its crazy. this game is a masterpiece of a game with so many little things added in that make this game all the more special.
,Recommended,597220,34224746,Posted: 13 August,all,Knux,"Finished it in about 12-15 hours.  If you've ever played Kingdom of Loathing, this is a must have.   Weekend well spent!"
76561198208618205,Recommended,597220,34282206,Posted: 16 August,all,Bi0nic,"absolutely love this game. i had doubts starting off due to the design of the game, but after playing the first 5 minutes i quickly found myself enjoying the game. it's funny and very interactive. even made it into a series for my channel! go check it outhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyMe5g0YE2Yhope you guys enjoy it the vid!"
76561198057234609,Recommended,597220,34224286,Posted: 13 August,all,sarge247,"A great game, especially for the price. I feel like the replay value will be there for at least 3-5 playthroughs which is excellent."
,Recommended,597220,34315514,Posted: 17 August,all,The Math Wizard,"In my entire life, this just might be the best game I have ever played.Its simple art style is incredibly charming, and there are tons of laughs and story to be found from exploring the world--er, the west. The stat and combat system is simple, yet effective. Also, hats. Would definitely recommend this game to all of my friends, and even random people on the street."
,Recommended,597220,34325743,Posted: 18 August,all,STREAM SNIPER,666/10 5$ are still better than Fallout4
76561198366762920,Recommended,597220,34318841,Posted: 17 August,all,jwynkoop30,"Exactly what you'd expected from Asymmetric.  Smart, fun, always well written, graphics 11/10.  Super fantastic.  I love you bye"
76561198019533570,Recommended,597220,34318514,Posted: 17 August,all,Balrog Son of Nelgar,"West of Loathing is a wacky western RPG inspired by old school RPG mechanics, hatred towards steakhouses, a love of increasingly gross details, and a bunch of guys who I'm pretty sure were drunk while making this (or crazy).The primary charm of the game is it's old school RPG combat and its encouragement in exploration and its mass heaps of secrets. This is a game where you will hurt inside if you don't pay attention to detail.It may look deceiving from the screenshots, but this is a very well made game, and it was a pleasure to play it (but I'm not done yet after 11 hours *wink*). And for that, I wouldn't discourage a look on YouTube for some gameplay, Markiplier does a pretty good video about the first 30 mins (not spons).Sufficed to say, this game was... interesting.I'd sure as hell consider it some of the best $10 I've ever spent for how (sometimes annoyingly) in depth the quests are, the old school RPG combat, and the general stupidity and wackiness this game bleeds. I have never thought so highly of spitoons in my life (and Markiplier would know why)."
76561198127103800,Recommended,597220,34317923,Posted: 17 August,all,Augustus,i always wanted to be a snake oiler
76561198081512609,Recommended,597220,34258272,Posted: 15 August,all,kca,"West of Loathing is a great game, it's got plenty of content and lots of laughs, and in my opinion, has only one downfall; the combat, it's fine on the couple of playthroughs, due to the different skills and abilities of the classes, but there's only three of 'em, and in the end you tend to just try and do as much damage as possible, which almost always works out as the enemies aren't particularly challenging, although there is a hard mode if you wish it, and a couple of boss-like enemies.Rant over, though, I'd highly recommend this game and if you prefer fun and story over combat, you'll definitely get your money's worth out of it. It's got brilliant locations and characters for you to meet (praise be Roberto), and a couple of pretty crazy things you can do in it (killing clowns, messing with time, etc)."
76561197964366009,Recommended,597220,34278868,Posted: 16 August,all,Durrn,"I have had a real great time with this adventure / RPG game with good humourous writing and exposition.The game has different ways of having you acheieve tasks, nothing is linear and it pays to not rush into quests but to step back and see if there might be better ways of completing them than the order in which you've acquired them.The hand-drawn animations are well done, fluid, and the musical score to the game is particularly atmospheric and really helps the overall enjoyment of the game too.Give this a go, and for the price, it's quite a bargain."
,Recommended,597220,34321864,Posted: 17 August,all,Wolfman6666,"simplistic as rpgs go, but it makes up for it with hilariousness.Definitely worth the ridiculous $11 pricetag."
,Recommended,597220,34326538,Posted: 18 August,all,Quinton,"So good.  So funny.  So much fun.This is a pretty massive game, perhaps deceptively so, chuck full of content, well worth $20, and a bargain at $11.The KoL stick figure art style translates better to this than it has any right to, and is wonderfully animated."
,Recommended,597220,34374404,Posted: 20 August,all,FidelSarcastro,"Just a hilarious game. Loaded with references, but doesn't beat you over the head with them. Combat is a brief beak in between the humor. Some really clever puzzles, and TPTB really know when to ease off the guffaws and actually make something creepy or disgusting.Anyone who played Kingdom of Loathing knew how damn good this game would be, but the animation looks fantastic too. There are far far worse things to be done with eleven bucks than picking up this gem"
,Recommended,597220,34299480,Posted: 16 August,all,Akhaten,"Very good game, very good storyline. you will not get bored playing this and you will not regret buying it"
,Recommended,597220,34352982,Posted: 19 August,all,Radiatoryang,"laid-back RPG where you hangout and go on random adventures... really good game for couples / families / friends / streams... just take turns at the controls, argue over what to do, and re-tell the game's jokes and pretend you came up with themas a game dev, it's amazing to me how much this game benefits from just renaming things, like a ""dexterity"" character stat is now called ""moxie"" and it instantly elevates this game above 50 other RPGs on steamfrankly, that just speaks to how stale and stratified video game genre traditions can be, especially in the rpg genre, and this game is all the more refreshing for bucking genre conventions so mercilesslyit also does like 100 other surprisingly subtle game design things -- the way it handles encounters, for instance, is more like a table-top rpg than a video game rpg, which works really well for this gamebut let's face it, most people will be here for the non-stop puns"
,Recommended,597220,34298166,Posted: 16 August,all,Pumpkin2999,"Just like Kingdom of Loathing, amusing writing mixed with intriguing gameplay makes for an entertaining game!In the first week of owning the game, I've completed ~11 playthroughs.  While that may be ridiculous and not even funny, I'm ready to dive into the ~80% of the game I've yet to see.37/23 game."
,Recommended,597220,34283257,Posted: 16 August,all,Colvion,"I bloody loved the game, I was going to pass it by in my queue till i saw its ratings and absolutely loved it!"
76561198119253151,Recommended,597220,34274749,Posted: 16 August,all,cpenny86,"(Un)holy cow, is this game ever fun. Silly jokes, fun and challenging fights, and enough side-quests and play-through options to keep you busy for months -- I haven't enjoyed a game this much in years, and the price is outrageously low for the value we're getting. Kingdom of Loathing fans will recognize some settings and monsters, but you certainly don't have to play KoL to get a kick out of West of Loathing. I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,597220,34379261,Posted: 20 August,all,Aeralis,"Let me just get this out of the way, up here in the part of the review you can see before you gotta click on a thing to see the rest of it: This game IS more than what it seems to be on the surface. It's not some off-the-rack Newgrounds Flash game. I promise.West of Loathing is a lot of things. I guess you could consider it what you'd get if Monkey Island and Paper Mario got smashed together? Yeah, ""an adventure game with RPG elements"" is good to go with. It's also loaded with A+ humor. If anything, you gotta check the game out just for a good laugh.Character creation allows for a lot of customization: You have three character classes to choose from, as well as four horses (three of which give unique gameplay perks) and a list of companions that each have their own skillsets, story relevance, and dialogue additions. You spend experience points to upgrade your stats and skills as you see fit, and there are a number of story events that also shape how your character plays and what options are available to them further along in the game.Most of the game plays like a big adventure game puzzle. You'll build up a large inventory of items as you play, and a lot of those items can be used to solve puzzles or bypass obstacles. There's also pretty much always more than one way to resolve any confrontation or obstacle. In fact, you can even play through the entire game without getting into a single fight! Items, skills, partners, horses, and previously completed objectives can all allow you to skip fights, and while there are a couple unavoidable fights in the game, they're all in highly optional sidequests. Most of the fun in the game comes from figuring out how to avoid some of these combats!The combat system is pretty simple, and is honestly the game's only true weak point. It can be fun if you find yourself in just the right encounter, but most of your fights will fall into exactly one of two categories: ""I can kill this single enemy with one attack"" or ""this swarm of enemies will tear me apart.""There also puzzles. Like, a TON of them. And they're all unique. Some are easy. Some are hard. Some require outside sources to solve. If you're a puzzle nut, you'll REALLY get into some of the really deep puzzles and mysteries buried in the game.All in all, this is a really high-quality game. There's just SO MUCH content in here, and while you CAN focus on the main objective and finish the game in a handful of hours, there's just so much side stuff to do that you can easily drop several dozen hours on a single playthrough. And even then, there's so many things that really make each playthrough different that you can play again and again and have different experiences. I can't recommend this game enough: Check it out!"
,Recommended,597220,34157406,Posted: 10 August,all,jb1993,"The game combines minimalist artwork, a setting and sense of humor akin to Blazing Saddles, open-world RPG elements, point-and-click adventure elements, and excellent writing to create a highly engaging gaming experience. Give it a try!"
76561197986369564,Recommended,597220,34157675,Posted: 10 August,all,PsAjko,"So far, the game is refreshingly different and definetely worth the price! Not only does it have its funny moments, but the gameplay is also rather interesting! Recommended."
,Recommended,597220,34161188,Posted: 10 August,all,Elronnd,"I have nothing but praise for this game (at least, so far).  Long-time kol player, decided to try wol out.  Music is ok.  Not a *masterpiece*, but few games' soundtracks are.  Gameplay is good, storyline is ok, jokes are funny.  Oh, and it's one of the few games I've played that enters fullscreen mode properly, and lets me alt-tab away!  So thanks for that."
,Recommended,597220,34171849,Posted: 11 August,all,welfycat,"If you like silly jokes, semi-obscure references, and ridiculous side quests, this game is likely one you would enjoy.If you enjoy Kingdom of Loathing, this game is likely one you would enjoy.If you don't mind punching virtual cows, this game is likely one you would enjoy.Side note: You can get DLC for this game from Mr. Store in Kingdom of Loathing."
,Recommended,597220,34177530,Posted: 11 August,all,Headsman Stukka,I read a book that made me walk funny. I haven't stopped laughing in minutes please send help.The ministry of silly walks is going to be right cross with me for crushing their beginners guide tho.
,Recommended,597220,34178035,Posted: 11 August,all,Vulkax.,"West of Loathing manages to take the best of Kingdom of Loathing, the comedy, the weird world, the expansive inventory of varied items and stuffs them all into a cowboy themed rpg."
,Recommended,597220,34177381,Posted: 11 August,all,ⒷⓇⓊⒸⒺ ⒻⓄⓇⓉⒺ,"""You look at yourself in the mirror.(Press E to insult yourself)""This game is Kingdom of Loathing's fantastic little brother, and just like Kingdom of Loathing, it is best played when you know nothing about it. Just buy it. Don't read more into it. Just go. Spend money."
,Recommended,597220,34175440,Posted: 11 August,all,Wurthers,"As a longtime fan of Kingdom of Loathing, WoL's long-running browser-based MMO (kind of) counterpart, West of Loathing is so far exactly what I would want and expect from the brilliant Asymmetric Publications. Endlessly witty, a joy to play and interact with every little corner they've packed into this game. Highly recommended if you enjoy self-referential humor, punniness, and the ancient art of Beanslinging."
76561198089031078,Recommended,597220,34176790,Posted: 11 August,all,oddity,"West of Loathing is one of those games which looks like a fun little game, but in reality is far better than that. Much longer than I expected, it is also funny, quite in-depth (with a Nerd Mode for those of us who love RPG stat stuff) and choc full of character.So grab your can of beans, gather your Grit, and play until the Cows Come Home."
,Recommended,597220,34173059,Posted: 11 August,all,Sishiya,"For all fans of Kingdom of Loathing, or fans of irreverent and out-of-the-box (but not puerile) humor, you can do a lot worse for $10 than picking up this game."
,Recommended,597220,34168645,Posted: 11 August,all,altitudelimit,Progressively made the narration more disgusted in me by sticking my hand into every spittoon I stumbled across.Good to know people like to keep various items in the bottom of pools of their spit though.
,Recommended,597220,34169273,Posted: 11 August,all,stufff,"This game is great, it's like Skyrim but with stick figures and writing that is actually good."
76561198042113597,Recommended,597220,34168051,Posted: 11 August,all,thetadeltatau,"I had played Kingdom of Loathing for a food six years or so bakc in the day, but ultimately stopped not because its a bad game - its not - but the daily grind required was too much for my schedule to bear as I got older and out of college. West of Loathing has all the great humor and writing and clever mechanics of Kingdom of Loathing, but in a wholly single player experience that can be taken at your own pace. Quite frankly, it is a great experience, and if you are a fan of irreverent humor, pop culture references, westerns, or turn based RPGs this is a must play."
76561198035726197,Recommended,597220,34167963,Posted: 11 August,all,MPLC,I love it!
,Recommended,597220,34222200,Posted: 13 August,all,Pyroinsano,Oh the humanity. This is starting to turn into how I was with KoL not being able to stop playing just because it is so well written. Who needs good graphics when you can sit and laugh at what the writers put in for content. Gameplay is so easy to get aquainted with that anyone can just pick it up and go on a hilarious western adventure.
76561198103641611,Recommended,597220,34158192,Posted: 10 August,all,QuinnLinn,"This might just be my favorite RPG. That's it. That's all I have to say.Except for the price. Its ridiculous. It's not even funny. /sThis really is a wonderful game that captures the spirit of ""Kingdom of Loathing"" in a Western setting. You know that a game will be amazing when even the video settings screen makes you laugh."
,Recommended,597220,34214219,Posted: 13 August,all,Arkas,"Text heavy stick figure Cowboy RPG.Fight/Barter your way through quests, rivals, cows or zombies in a surreal, comedic world inhabited by stick figures.Feels a bit like ""South Park's: Stick of Truth"" meets XKCD.Takes a couple hours to finish, but has replay value."
,Recommended,597220,34208887,Posted: 13 August,all,R :C W,"You'd think a relatively basic and simple RPG thats mostly fun because it's charming and funny would wear out its welcome quickly. Thankfully this has the consistency, variety and taste to continuinally feel densely and refreshingly entertaining (or, occasionally, revoltingly horrifying). Some quests have alternate, usually funnier ways to solve them beyond ""just kill everyone"", there's skill checks and stats and weird abilities, there's rpg combat and puzzles, yet ultimately that's all more intended to be cohesive glue and base for the humor instead of challenging roadblocks or deep systems to theorycraft around. It's ""just"" serviceable, by design. Luckily the thing it serves is one of my favorite experiences this year.A lot of the qualities of this come from its writing, so if you enjoy formats like ClickVentures you'll feel right at home. If you can't or don't like reading you probably won't even have made it this far into my review so hi cool readers, let's all laugh at those lazy goblins together, high five!Anyway, would i recommend this game for 10 bucks? As much as humor can be subjective: Absolutely, and not only for the fact that it has (among other things) forever changed my view on spittoons.oh god spittoons"
,Recommended,597220,34179897,Posted: 11 August,all,Frank,It'll keep you busy until red dead redemption 2 releases.
,Recommended,597220,34159592,Posted: 10 August,all,https://www.LegalZoom.com,"Kingdom of Loathing was great, West of Loathing is great."
,Recommended,597220,34151642,Posted: 10 August,all,Soluzar,"If you like an RPG which is quirky and funny, then you're looking in the right place. Some people might already be familiar with the creators from their work on the browser-based game, Kingdom of Loathing. Others may be new to their style. If you are a veteran of Kingdom of Loathing, then you already know what to expect. Apply the very best qualities of that game to a Wild West setting, and that's West of Loathing. If you've not tried KoL before, then it can maybe serve as a free introduction to the kind of writing and art that you'll find here.While West of Loathing may be in black and white, it seems incredibly vivid to look at. Not only is the line art great, but the animation really brings it to life. I've seen plenty of games in full colour which didn't look this good. It's also pleasantly fast paced, and feels good to play. I'm having a lot of fun with it!"
76561198292769457,Recommended,597220,34158250,Posted: 10 August,all,kvothe_arcane,"Kingdom of Loathing has long been one of my favorite online games and a single player game in the same universe was just what I neeeded/wanted. I've been waiting for this game for quite a while, and I absolutely adore it so far. The humor is great and accessible to people who know of and or play Kingdom of Loathing, and those that don't. It's absurd, hilarious, and can be easy or difficult depending on your preference. My only real gripe is some slowdown in heavily populated screens, but methinks that's more of an issue of my computer than the game istelf. The graphics might not look like much, but the stick figures and animation involved in them are actually quite whimsical and fun. I'd suggest this to anyone fond of rpgs and or humor than can range from incredibly clever to quite slapstick."
,Recommended,597220,34159062,Posted: 10 August,all,Ranen,"Loving the game so far. The same silly humor as its predecessor. The only downside in comparison to KOL is that the new combat system limits the funny flavor text that I treasured so much, but dialogue and exploration make up for it greatly. Amazing for those looking for a laugh. The combat and puzzle solving can be pretty deep as well, requiring careful rationing of buff items to navigate obstacles, and classic JRPG combat, spiced up with enticing variation in strategy. Even random encounters are flush with variety as with the first game, leaving fun side-stories to track down along the way."
