user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198381853704,Not Recommended,597770,32619888,Posted: 21 June,all,drgreg88,"well,.. this was a snoozefest.  I mean,. the game mechanics are fine.  locomotion is fine,.. shooting is fine,.. but really nothing revolutionary like the hype this game has received.   I don't understand why there is so much ducking and dodging and action in the trailer?  just walk and shoot.  The robots don't move,.. and don't worry you can move in slow motion to dodge the slow motion projectiles coming at you.   the graphics are bland,. it's just an over all ""meh"" time.   If you want a fun, exciting, immersive robot wave shooter then Raw Data offers miles above what this title offers.  I suppose if I would reccommend it for anyone it would be little kids.  it's good for little kids.   def not a 30 dollar title though."
,Recommended,597770,32711661,Posted: 23 June,all,Zinnin,"Pros:- Progressing through the levels feels awesome. There is climbing, crouching, sneaking, sliding down ropes. Just from a pure platforming standpoint, this game was very enjoyable for a action shooter.- Arm Swing locomotion is amazing. I find arm swing to be the most immersive locomotion option. I find that with just pure trackpad it feels too gamey and doesn't require me to be an into as I would want with room scale. Arm swing really gets you into the game, it also has the added bonus of allowing for you to fine tune the speed you want to move. The only negative I had with the locomotion was that there seemed to be a pretty low speed cap meaning you aren't really allowed to really start moving super fast, for something that requires physical movement out of game I don't see why there has to be a cap that low.- The enemies are varied enough that I haven't gotten bored of fighting them yet. I do wish there was a little bit more types of enemy fire, for example if a enemy shot 2x as much, but every other shot was fired in a random spot near you, the room would start to feel a lot more dangerous. I found as long as you kept moving you could largely be as agressive as you wanted to be with little actual danger. It was kind of annoying that they would fire at you when you weren't in the room yet, but I did like that they fire at you even when you were out of line of sight, just becuase I think more bullets in the room helps it feel more perilous, even if they aren't actually fired directly at you. I also wish some of the enemy shots had more permanence in the world, I watch a big green glob hit a wall and then nothing was there, kind of takes away from the immersion of those enemies.- The varied amount of guns was pretty cool. All the guns felt appropriatly unique and had their own feel. The bullet trails make it really easy to get a hang of aiming, which just allows the player to feel cooler. When I had to make decisions about what guns to leave behind I would often be kind of stumped at what my worst gun was, which to me is awesome when I am choosing more for gun feel and not just power.Cons:- I'm not sure if trying to just get higher scores is a large enough draw for me to continue playing this game once I complete the story.While I really enjoyed playing this game, and I think it was 100% worth what I payed for it, I can't see myself playing it nearly as much as I play Sairento or Rec Room. I would love to see proceduraly generated levels to allow for unique playthroughs over and over again. Part of this is the lack of exploration in the currently levels, they are very strait forward in a way that it almost feels like it's on rails at some points. I would love to see more side paths / alternative paths / hidden secrets. All the guns are currently just kind of given to you as you walk through levels, I would love for there to be more hidden off the path things. (Unless there are and I just missed them all...then they are too well hidden becuase I never noticed anything).For an early access, this felt like a surprisingly complete game. I do think that the price is a little high for what it is right now, but it was still enjoyable and if it continues to recieve updates I could see this growing into that price easily. With some early access improvements this product could really shine."
76561197970697534,Recommended,597770,32600582,Posted: 20 June,all,The Adult,"This game has wrecked my day. I'm taking breaks from it, to get work done. I'm pretty sure it's supposed to be the other way around.This just JUST RIGHT for me as a 50+ gamer who loves shooters, but doesn't want to manage a bunch of inventory, or deal with impossible difficulty levels.This game has a great look, great sound, and great balance in my opinion. Extremely satisfying on many levels.I've found the occassional glitch here and there...gun sounds sometimes don't happen...pretty sure I passed through a barrier I should have around  Checkpoint 13...but overall, it's really polished and just a TON of fun. I can't remember a shooter that I've had longer sessions with at a time...you just want to KEEP GOING to see what will be next!It is a bit higher in price than you'd expect, but I'm not disappointed."
,Recommended,597770,34709629,Posted: 3 September,all,@Dicky Spanish,"Had this on my Wishlist for a while but for some reason never got round to purchase it when I was looking to get new VR games. Pity as it's one of the better made for VR single player games out there and I have been missing out. Story is good, graphics are good and dodging bullets is ♥♥♥♥ing fun.Only played for a short while so far but I was jumping around having the time of my life playing this. Controls are fine but the double click the grips to drop or reholster your weapons can be tiresome. But that's due to the Vives♥♥♥♥♥♥grip button setup more than anything else. The swing arm locomotion I got used to fairly quickly and liked it in dungeon knight so have used it a bit before. Have not checked for other loco options as was happy to use that, guns are good, swords on the back easy to acccess and the environment is pretty good.Overall it's a must buy really for those after good single player games in VR especially ones made for VR from the ground up. It's like a cross between dead effect 2 and vertigo falling somewhere in between the two."
76561198409832956,Recommended,597770,34106145,Posted: 8 August,all,ANNayaNNA,"This is one of the best games I’ve tried so far in VR !!!I’ve only had my Vive for a short time, but I’ve played some of the top recommended titles.I've played the game for a couple of hours and gonna put more into it, i also reached top ranks on the Leaderboard :D !!!First time I try the arm swinging movement, feels pretty natural. No motion sickness at all.I’m used to shooting games and the shooting feels pretty accurate, guns and sgm's are really awesome, and the different skins as well.Love the melee weapon but i wish i could use it more in stealthy places.Some fine tunes needs to be done here and there in terms of AI, minor stuff i must say.Thumbs up !!!"
,Recommended,597770,34017107,Posted: 4 August,all,foo,"Just got a chance to play Vindicta for a good hour and half. And while I don't usually write reviews, this game does not deserve a mixed score. Its a solid shooter with a lot of gameplay time. It took me at least 45min to cross the first level. The game is INTENSE! It didn't take long for me to break a sweat! The shooting is on point. And the arm-swinging movement was smooth and easy to get used to. At the price point they have it now (it was previously I think 29$) I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,597770,34285712,Posted: 16 August,all,playerzklubVRstudios,"Its been awhile since I played an FPS VR game. I played about 15-20 minutes of this game and I must say I do like it alot.So far the first 3 levels I've reached has been easy.  I like how the Devs give you 3 options on movement.  Its the first time I played using swing motion and it was quite a work out with my arms/shoulders.   Great and easy to use mechanics, very smooth all around and definitely alot of replayability.   Very recommendable game for everyone that likes FPS!  Keep up the great work!"
76561198052583408,Recommended,597770,34472989,Posted: 24 August,all,omtron,"This game is extremely well made! I usually get motion sickness in this type of shooters so I was actually apprehensive about trying it, but the way the controls are set up really made the experience comfortable. Dodging bullets and dual weilding weapons definitely made me feel like a badass! The aiming is spot-on, the checkpoints are well-spaced, and the weapons are awesome!"
,Not Recommended,597770,32665122,Posted: 22 June,all,FarewellVHS,"This game is great and improves on VR's technical issues in many ways. I barely felt any motion sickness or weird vertigo feelings. The gunplay is fun, dodging bullets is fun, but the fatal flaw is that (and I'm sure this can be patched) you cannot run and gun. Meaning you must wiggle your arms to hop 5 feet, shoot and repeat to dodge bullets since they shoot where you were. So basically, the game itself and overall, is not that fun and seems repetitive. I played for 73 minutes."
,Recommended,597770,35135031,Posted: 22 September,all,Kris.vdv,"If you like the Vertigo look and feel, but you want a lot more action and shooting, then you'll love this game.  The screenshots don't do the game justice, trust me.  Highly recommended for everyone who loves FPS in VR!"
76561198072331359,Recommended,597770,32624152,Posted: 21 June,all,ryanlegend95,This game shows potential. Sadly I am an oculus user and can only do standing but the concepts is amazing. Right off the bat I can see this game oozes potential. Shooting mechanics work pretty well and there are 3 unique ways of moving about. If it allowed you to use the right stick to turn the camera I would play this al the way. Apart from the fact that I can't look behind me it seems like a really good game. Reloading is issue though. While reloading by putting the guns below your hip is common it's iffy because of the unique movement style. To move you must moving your arms in a walking motion. If you take too long strides the gun will reload unintentionally. Other than that it's an impressive alpha build and would love oculus support.
,Not Recommended,597770,33245383,Posted: 4 July,all,Rez,"Meh. Gunplay is okay, locomotion is alright, graphics aren't very good and the gameplay is just decent at best. If it was one of my first VR experiences it might have been fun.. but at this point there are just SO much better options out there. After playing a game like Robo Recall on Oculus, this game is just absoluetly boring and bland. And Robo Recall was free..For $30 I would say absoluetly don't purchase it, that's asking way too much. I bought the game for $20 on sale and I'm asking for a refund. Maybe $10 if you have nothing better to play.. but this game is just bland and doesn't deserve the price tag.Also.. I usually don't get VR sickness, but I felt very sick playing this game within 10 minutes."
,Not Recommended,597770,34199388,Posted: 12 August,all,[EQRG]SoanoS,"Had potential but...This is a bit difficult to review.On the other hand I wanted to like it but on the other hand it had some issues that I wasn't ready to put up with.Th hand-waving movement was a novel idea but it rapidly lost its appeal after a while. The whole control scheme felt a little dodgy and inaccurate. The gun accuracy was pretty good, that I can not deny but having to rapidly double-click the grip buttons on HTC to holster a weapon or drop them felt a little unnecessarily convoluted.The pacing of the game was a bit slow to begin with, but I am not sure how it gets in later levels. The first few levels were also graphically rather lackluster and the enemies didn't feel engaging or imaginative.All in all, if you are used to fast, intense action like Sairento (In Early access, no campaign yet but core gameplay is amazing) or Dead Effect then you might want to skip this one, and I'd recommend grabbing either one over this game."
,Not Recommended,597770,32605772,Posted: 20 June,all,Flembro,"This game had potential, the screenshots/tutorial really don't represent what this game is like. The action sequences are dramatized, in no instance are you forced to take cover/duck and weave, Just maintain forward movement and you won't get hit.The game has some interesting takes on features but nothing new what VRtoolkit offers. Level design is terrible. assets are inconsistent with detail/style. Sound design is abysmal.enemy Ai is non-existent, simple look at and fire. enemies will shoot indefinitely at walls/barricades.overall 2/10, Nice Assetflip.I felt generous because maybe the locomotion may of taken 1-2 day to program/testNot a $30 game, 99cents-$2 if that."
76561198073745814,Recommended,597770,32779331,Posted: 25 June,all,leakage,Very entertaining
76561198010007942,Recommended,597770,32787788,Posted: 25 June,all,fitterstoke,"Lovely game, really fun to play!! I like the combination of shooting action and exploration. Gameplay is simple but varied, and getting in a full hit feels very satisfactory.Arm-swing locomotion works great and the customization options are useful. As I am against all sorts of head aiming, I really appreciate the possibility to use the direction of the controllers to guide locomotion.I am struggling a bit on level 14, where there is a bit of a framerate issue. Also, the difficulty in the arena is extremely high, so it would be great if there was a save point before the arena."
,Recommended,597770,32657122,Posted: 22 June,all,Shadow,"https://youtu.be/6K-r4T3GeAkVindicta seems to be a light, story driven, made for VR FPS that looks pretty good and for the most part feels pretty good too.As of this review, Vindicta is an Early Access title and there are some EA hiccups. The trackpad locomotion has some quirks which are easier to view in the linked video than to explain in text. Sliding your thumb in new directions doesn't always register the new direction. This is the biggest issue with the game and hopefully they'll resolve it quickly.Outside of the trackpad issues there were some positional audio quirks that are just a bit off. I could determine the direction sound was coming from but it sounded far too close in a few instances. Not too big an issue but still something I hope gets fixed.The only other issue that comes to mind is the two handed weapons don't seem to have the correct pivot points for both hands. The pivot points seem to be sitting a foot or so forward of the hand they should be pivoting on.So far these 3 are the only significant issues worth mentioning and they didn't really hinder the gameplay or fun factor of the game. The trackpad issue was a bit frustrating but could be worked around. Extended use might be more frustrating but after just 30 minutes I was still tolerant of it.The things I liked:The tutorial. It was short, sweet and to the point. A concise tutorial that shows you exactly what you need to know without wasting a lot of time is always welcome.The voice acting was pretty good and reminded me a lot of Raw Data and how they deliver story pieces. Which isn't a bad thing.Blowing up bots is  just satisfying. Getting that positive feedback for getting head shots was a nice touch. At the end of the mission we got a taste of more difficult bots which I like. Hoping for a higher difficulty level for the rest of the missions.Multiple forms of locomotion. They opted for Walkie as the comfort option instead of teleport. There are two different Walkie options, one where you're oriented by the HMD and the other where you're oriented by the controllers. And of course the trackpad locomotion I used and commented on above.I will say, there only appears to be 4 levels + a tutorial. That may be a bit steep of a price. I'm going to give it a thumbs up. Get it while it's on sale or wait for a content update."
76561198344454608,Not Recommended,597770,32738947,Posted: 24 June,all,daverave0911,Great game but once you get to level 4 or something like that it's start to get real jittery you can't even play it after that... only thing that makes it a waste.... especially once you get that far only to not be able to complete...im giving it a thumbs down for now but if they work out the bugs i recommend
76561198313745477,Not Recommended,597770,32973428,Posted: 28 June,all,_00_,"Pretty fantastic experience....until you hit level 14.I'm playing on a beast of a i7 7700/ nvidia 1080ti/ 64gb of DDR4 RAM and it crashes consistently in the last section of the arena. Which is exceptionally frustrating due to the length of the level. No save points and you're back to the beginning again. It's not an especially difficult game, just lots of fun, especially if you stealth about and pick off your opponents instead of run and gunning it. It's really a shame because the gameplay is great and the concept is really fun. The immersion is ace as well.But getting so far in the game only have it glitch out and boot you back to the start of a level regardless of how many ways you approach the arena is a real loss of my vote. Please add a save point or figure out how to load such a huge level without crashing out systems. I will happily give this a thumbs up when this issue is fixed. Until then you might want to wait to purchase this because the frustration level is high."
,Recommended,597770,32606058,Posted: 20 June,all,Isaax,"You can get some serious gun-fu going in this game.pro's:- locomotion is damn near perfect (i stuck with the second option, feels better than trackpad for me though im competent with that too)- guns feel right (usually, ill get to that)- when you get the speedrun gun-fu going you feel properly ninja- gets pretty mad difficult- runs well, i havent had any slow downs yet on rx480cons- tutorial stage wanted me to go past my playable area, i had to very carefully reach behind my tv to grab something vital to complete it- sound bugs, ya know the one; sound cuts off when too much stuff is happening- rare weapon bug where it wasnt being held quite right, dropping the weapon solved it.- sometimes its too long between checkpoints- level design could be more variedThis game is a mad score based dash through some truly hardcore gunfights, if you play it properly you play it fast.you could argue that the bad guys are dumb, standing completely still for the most part firing their slow moving projectiles at your face. But in all honesty it lends itself to the gameplay really well. You'll be facing up to so many of them you'll be glad they stay still.id have played it longer today but its bloody hot here in uk and vr isnt exactly comfortable in this heat.theres some climbing to do here. but from what ive seen the game never demands gunplay while you are climbing which seems like a missed opportunity.I get the feeling also that i'd perform better with the trackpad locomotion option but i liked the waggle method so much more than trackpad. I dont get any nausea from standing games so i cant really comment on that.it seems fairly short but its a score chaser so thats not too bad cuz the battles do get rather epic. More levels would be nice though in the finished productoverall i really like this game, one of the best ive played so far which granted isnt that many i havent had vr for that long.id rate it slightly higher than raw data as of now, which is another great title."
76561198167016121,Recommended,597770,32590199,Posted: 20 June,all,Stamnia,"Vindictaaa is a great game, i have played the game at e3, the first impression was another first person shooter, but trust me everything was different from the moment i got my head inside the game. The prefered locomotion was the arm swinging which was strange at first but i got used to it so quickly, it helps a lot with loosing any notion of motion sickness. The shooting mechanism is quite accurate, i kept getting these HEADSHOTS, and the strategy in order to complete the levels was different from other games. I tried many games at e3, but this one i enjoyed so much. So i waited 3hours  in line to be able to play it, and kept on coming for more, the second day waited for 30 min, but since the devs are awesome, they let me try it without further wait :D. Honestly i think it was the best game showcasing there, Like kobe bryant was for the Lakers (since we were in LA;) ). Now I am very thankfull that the game is online, i will play it till the end and will update my review soon :)"
,Recommended,597770,32601129,Posted: 20 June,all,KrK ColeusRattus,"A quick look at the gamplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zykNztBAgo&feature=youtu.beFeels like a mix between Vertigo, Compound and Climbey.Quite fun!"
76561198040506092,Recommended,597770,33109933,Posted: 1 July,all,LoneSerenade,"A really fun VR experince and game!  Run around a robot factory killing deadly robots as well as robo spiders and drones. given objectives, and huge levels to explore. at one point, had to duck and crawl in some vents, had to make sure not to stand or your head would be cut off by the fan blads above. accidentally stood up a tiny bit to adjust myself and that was not a good idea. had to climb a ladder, when you climb you use the grip buttons to grab each bar, so i had to holster my gun before climbing. as i holstered and began my climb, already tired at this point from playing for an hour, i went to reach for my gun to shoot the enemies that waiting for me up top, only to realize i missed holstering my gun and actually dropped it at the bottom of the ladder! had to jump back down, then tried climbing with one hand to no success (got half way up before i fell, only using one hand to throw myself up and grab another bar). this game is very fun and can get challenging at certain points. (using monkey bars to pass over an electrified floor all the while getting shot at by enemies as an example)worth it!"
76561198016840614,Not Recommended,597770,32945748,Posted: 28 June,all,andywebster2005,"Refunded, sorry guys this isn't good enough these days with other priced games that are cheaper and considerably more advanced like Dead Effect VR and Serious Sam... Needs intelligent ai, better graphics and level design. A shame as it initially showed promise"
76561198350890830,Recommended,597770,34147310,Posted: 10 August,all,Meeriam,"I've been playing this game for a long long time and it got me hooked. I Finished the entire game in about 12 hours, so the gameplay time is awesome for a VR shooter.Vindicta got a lot of potentials, and a lot to offer.Different kind of enemies as you progress and new weapons as well.The missions are pretty basic and straight forward to break the gunning monotony, it seems to work fine with me.Couple of things to fix that's for sure:1. Between checkpoints time is long, i'd suggest to add more in between.2. Couldn't nail all headshots (must be a bug or something).3.  Some of the enemies shoot at you from nowhere, pretty hard to spot them.Overall Great experience, Thumbs up for the Devs.I hope they update with fixes and more content..Recommended."
76561198347776769,Recommended,597770,34168776,Posted: 11 August,all,BaVic,"Tried couple of free VR games already, and wanted to go for something paid, and since VINDICTA is HOME MADE from Lebanon, well id like to write a review.Vindicta give you exactly what you need in terms of fun gameplay for the price of 14.99$.This game got Potential, but it looks like its still in early access due to couple of small bugs I encountered, but it surely doesn't break the experience.Good luck with the update."
76561198117751240,Recommended,597770,34271671,Posted: 16 August,all,Gandoza,"This is a must have! This game is by far one of the best, though it does need a couple of fixes but over all it's really fun!Pros: Lots of weapons - Great accuracy - Nice graphics - Very Easy to pick up controls - very fun gameplay - Different kinds of enemies - They are working on a multiplayer mode as i noticed in the main menu of the game!! (I would really love to see how this game will play in multiplayer because the controls are super easy to pick up and learn)Cons: The AI needs a bit of work - I could really use an inventory for the weapons - Sometimes the enemies don't die from a headshot but that didn't stop me.Knowing the game is still in early access i had an amazing experience playing it, and i can’t wait for the full release.All in all i had a great experience!Thumbs up!"
,Not Recommended,597770,34131529,Posted: 9 August,all,kendragon2,"It can be great fun but the level designs are awful at times. It's pretty addictive but can be frustrating when you end up restarting a checkpoint because of a deliberately bad level design. If something changes for the better I'll recommend the game but until then its a no from me.Pro:> Large levels. Give a good feeling of progression and some of the larger areas are pretty fun and challenging during a firefight.> Lots of guns to collect.> Basic but functional graphics up close. A little cartoonish but suit the game.> Choice of locomotion. Three locomotion options. The arm swinging locomotion sounded like a horrible thing until I tried it. Now I love it. Great for a work out and not a hint of motion sickness but I am pretty weathered against that nowadays. I use the arm swinging that follows the angle of the wands and it works great. Except when you want to backpedal. That's not an option.Con:> Level checkpoints are unforgiving and it feels like its just a wait to increase longevity. I have no problem fighting my way to a checkpoint but having fought through a pretty big level and finding that you have to climb across an annoying series of hand-holds over a large gap to reach the checkpoint is just cruel. One slip of a grip button and you're now back to the start of the previous checkpoint. Once I was just after reaching the top and my sword appeared in my hand (You select it by reaching over your shoulder and gripping) which lost me my grip and dropped me all the way back down. Not fun.> Weapons cant be stored properly. You get two holsters for guns and you can hold some in your hands too. Whilst this sounds reasonable during the game it just becomes silly. You end up throwing a gun to the ground. Unholster the gun you want. Throw that to the ground and pick up the other gun and holster it. Pick up the gun you wish to use. You also lose all your guns after each level.> Ammo is pretty ridiculous. Especially when some of the level barriers are large power banks or fuel tanks that need a couple of dozen shots to destroy. You get swarms of enemy bugs all the time that take a good few bullets to dispatch. Its happened me more than once that after fighting through loads of enemies I run out of ammo and have to restart a checkpoint because they are so stingy with providing ammo. Is nonsensical at times. Again, just feels like a way to make the levels harder and slower to expand the longevity. Especially when quite a number of enemies need a lot of bullets to penetrate through their shields etc.> Graphics pop-up. Quite often you can see whole sections of corridors and objects further away just vanish because of the terrible low draw distance. This could be remedied by redesigning the levels slightly.> Irritating bugs. There are quite a number of times where the enemies just simply cheated. Shooting flames through walls and killing you when you can't even see them for example. There is also an irritating flaw where a robot can be right up in front of your gun. Like you're shooting point blank at its head from about ten inches away and you're bullets aren't hitting it. But he's able to hurt you.All in all I think it has huge potential to be a great fun shooter but there are are too many niggles at the moment. I hope the devs keep up the good work and improve things."
