user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198132112351,Recommended,598330,32138225,Posted: 2 June,all,scuffters,"This is an excellent tycoon game. Although it is still in development, and there are a some bugs and features that need to be added/fixed/tweaked, the creators have done an amazing job thus far. EVERYTHING has been covered in creating your airport, with tons of attention to detail. Highly recommended for those who love tycoon or airport games!"
76561198009679009,Recommended,598330,32624413,Posted: 21 June,all,DaPivo,"You start with a small airport in the middle of nowhere and try to become a global winner with huge profits. For that there are already plenty of possibilities to create your own airport with gates, many planes (Airbus, Boing, etc.) in any size and with different requirements.Also you need a bit of micro-management which is necessary to optimize the timing of flights at the gates and on the taxiway.Though it is still in developement, SimAirport is one of only a few games I am totally fixed on at the moment. Because the developer is very active (nearly every day a experimental update with bugfixes and new features) and keeps direct contact to the community, I am confident with this interpretation of Early Access and hope the developer will keep the pace for an even better result.The actual price of about 20 dollars seems at first sight a bit high, but is -in my opinion- totally worth it."
,Recommended,598330,32627161,Posted: 21 June,all,poohbag,"Following the abusive posting from a bad looser on the experimental branch I am compelled to write my review. I have some 92 hours now clocked up and I know for sure I will clock up many more.Firstly this is alpha and you come here knowing that. If you don't get what alpha is then stay away. Like all alpha projects this will have bugs, quirks and underdeveloped parts. You will lose saved games and have to start all over again when new features are introduced. If you get emotionally invested in your ‘designs’ then this is not for you yet,  but I would strongly urge you to at least monitor the progress.And progress is what you will get in abundance. I have waited for a decent airport sim games since Amiga times and there hasn’t been one. Suddenly we have two contenders and both will get my attention. But SimAirport is the first to the blocks.  (The other nameless sim will no doubt provide stiff competition but it is clear it will appeal to a slightly different audience.)The key thing with this is the rate of development and updaters. If you are prepared to tolerate the experimental branch then you can enjoy almost nightly updates. If you can’t tolerate that then updates are about monthly. But the thing is that those daily updates will more often than not swot bugs and add features. For example we have just seen a major overhaul of the baggage system. Now some people didn’t like it at first but deep down actually they all know it is for the better.I love the updates and the drip feeding of new ideas. I even admit to getting a little excited to read the update notes every evening. When that happens you know you are on to something.Game play at present is simple but fun. And it mainly focuses around design and passenger flow. As a big sim fan I am very comfortable just sitting and watching the queues form, the passengers board their plans and the janitor clean the mess. Again if this is not your cup of tea, steer clear.The graphics at present are a little cartoonish but actually after a while you can see it works much like that prison game…. Admittedly it does frustrate me when they walk through queue barriers and other obstacles but hey, this is alpha.Some other things I hope the developers develop is increasing the business side of things. I would not want to see a micromanagement form of business but things such as wages, international V domestic routing, more detailed contract negotiation etc would be good. Also cannot wait for duty free and newspaper stands to arrive as well as travelators which we know is close to hand.  Plus I would quite like to see some diagonals: it’s all right angles at present.Also we need to see some code streamlining as the program still lags at high passenger numbers but the thing is the developers know this and are actively looking at it.Pricing wise: yes probably a little step for an alpha but in general the type of people who are into this type of sim aren’t young FPS types and we are often prepared to pay a little more for these admittedly niche games.All in all get on the bandwagon if this ticks all the boxes. If in doubt check out the YouTube channels. Long may the developers develop this."
76561198068457536,Recommended,598330,32809484,Posted: 26 June,all,Cibersmurf,"This game is fantastic if you are a fan of simulation games. Besides it is a early access game it already provides some interesting features like a fully funtional bagage system which sorts out all the different bagage for the different flights. It also gives the player the fealing of managing a airport for small and large planes. This also includes the need for larger runways.I have never been in an airplane or on an airport myself, but it feels realistic to me. Controlling the flightschedule, making the customes, ticketing aeria, café's and kiosks, provide the passengers with comfort. This game realy wants you to make the greatest airport you can make. You want the cusormer satisfaction to be as high possible so you can hire better contracts and earn more money for the airport, to improve it.The dev's are still adding more interesting features and have great plans for the future. You can check this out on the general page of the comunity hub.I recommend this game to everyone who wants to manage things, like to build things, be creative and making it to the edge of perfection. Making things efficient and get maximum performence out of your build."
,Recommended,598330,30524179,Posted: 15 March,all,MrScienceMeister,"It's a great game with a great premise and lots of fun.  However, I do have a few concerns:$20 is probably too much for the game in its current state.  $15 should be the price.There are a LOT of bugs.  However, there are small bugfixing updates almost every day, and the devs are really great at getting those out and responding to bug complaints.All told, I would give this an 8/10 score"
76561197972108144,Not Recommended,598330,34373176,Posted: 20 August,all,BionicMan [FR],"SimAirport has a lot of potential. It is great to see one's airport evolve, see all the possibilities to develop the transit capacity, the services... For the experienced Prison Architect player I am, it is refreshing.However, the game is not developped enough to justify its current price. There is not enough possibilities at the moment to fill the empty spaces in the airport terminal with what you would typically find in an airport (Duty free shops, first class lounge, parkings...) meaning that once I have all the services available, the only expansion possibility is to add more runaways and mor gates to increase trafic.And here lies the biggest problem of SimAirport: the game optimization is catastrophic. Any airport containing over 1000 passengers it becoming laggy and going over 2000 is unplayable.Do I enjoy this game, YES without a doubt. Do I recommend it? NO, unfortunaterly not in its current state and at this price."
,Recommended,598330,30366354,Posted: 6 March,all,Aerothan,"Updated***** Sound issue has been fixed after testing last night. I was also able to fast forward without crashing at all. I did notice some new bug issues which i have posted belowBug Issues- People getting stuck on machines, random areas on the floor, or in walls.- When building with foundations, one square will just create a wall, you have to click and drag over a area to get it to create a ""indoor"" sectionOverall the game is running and playable. With a dev team ready to tackle bugs that the community list this is one EA game i would say to go for.Original PostI am swinging both ways with this game. I've always love Airport sims and with this being with PA (expect a lot of reference from everyone with this) style game i would pick it up. Not for the fact that its a amazing game right out of the EA gate but more because you are supporting the company and giving them a chance to make this a great game.Bug Issues-Sound bug when fast forwarding- No Volume Control- Too Simple and clunky UI- Crashes Alot (possible memory leak?)$20 is a little high for this EA title and the content/state of play your getting. If you are strapped for cash or looking for a EA with deep amount of content to play, hold off. However, if you have the cash and willing to support a company that has a great title on there hands then by all means jump in and ride the EA title to the end!"
76561197968928855,Recommended,598330,32849105,Posted: 27 June,all,Atomiczam,Prison architect with planes.Still some bugs but nothing game breaking if you plan your layout right. If they're not fixed by the end of early access the review will change.
,Not Recommended,598330,30402148,Posted: 8 March,all,Lukas,"Review ought to be reviewed once Developer publishes very prompt and all-encompasing fixes.09/04/2017 - Yet to play the latest update, but it seems developers are running dry on daily or once/daily, let alone weekly updates, last one being 8 days ago... Are we finally done with game breaking issues and working on new features? I'll play it tomorrow and check it out!17/03/2017 - 5 Part update in comments. 7 more days and the game might be in shape it ought to have been on release, bug-wise.16/03/2017 update based on comments, in addition to sort-of direct responses to the coments themselves in the comment secion.Whether the EA was released at this point to be first-out-of-the-gate upcoming Airport Simulator title, whether it was based on the huge popularity the greenlight campaign has received or whether it's the upcoming Steam EA changes which prompted the, in my mind, premature Early Release, it does not really mater. As mentioned time and again before - I am a supported of early access games - as they get the game in our hands sooner rather than later - without a full set of features developer intented to release.I cannot help myself, but involuntarily equate this release to the recently published 45 minute play-through of the Airport CEO. Yes, I know - it's unfair to compare the two, and I was avoiding making a comparison for a long time, because they serve different 'markets' - SimAirport is the sort-of equivalent of Lemonade Stand Tycoon or whatever it was called - Ok graphics, Ok simulation, lack of depth sort of thing. Aiport CEO aims for a different demographics - Ok graphics coupled with deep simulation. The only reason I'm bringin this up, as mentioned before - is that they did a play-through. Part 1 of 3 actually. So I can know that they really played their own game for sustained period of time. I did not see any of such videos from SimAirport. While they, and I believe, thruthully, claim that this game is their baby, I did not see them making sure 'the baby is carried to term' - I see them, and let's see how far I can stretch this metaphor, as delivering the infant and putting him in the public education and seeing if they can nurture him to health and make him a model citizen instead.And for everyone comparing Sim Airport to Prison Architect - I can show you countless other games, released before PA, which share similar isometric 2D style. PA did not invent it - such style is ideal for strategy games.While it is never my intention to question Indie developers love of their own title, nor would I have the reason to, especially since the devs do show great attention and responsiveness, the timing of the release remains the biggest question mark which developers are yet to address. To LVGameDev in particular, while I do appreciate you took the time to spend 20 minutes in crafting a reply to my forum post, albeit deciding to trash it, and focusing on 'righting the wrongs' as opposed to 'shocking and awing' me - this question mark still linguers.But hey ho - I have a few days off and I'll try to dive into the game again to check the progress - while 7 days is nothing major in game development timeline, I am eager to see how many and how well of the earliest reported bugs are fixed. My 5 minute gameplay, as screenshotted above, is yet to inspire confidence.[While this was a reply to comments, Steam would not allow long replies. GIF in question ishttps://gyazo.com/503859c62bc3da2ecfe0049a67bf5d7b]---Original review:From the forum post:To the lovely and responsive developers - you keep saying you are relying on the community to build an amazing airport sim. That's great!From your Steam description text '[...]but be aware, eventually you'll probably encounter a bug or two.'. Yeah... I must ask though, how much of the game you played yourselves? I am a web systems developer and I know you can't test everything. But, for example, in your promo video, people were not getting stuck anywhere - was it genuine gameplay or scripted mechanics? Or was it just recorded with one small aircraft in the schedule?The general point being - there are early accesses and then there are early accesses - but come on - though I am an early access supporter, and I might have 'unreasonable' expectactations, I do expect an EA release where it is at the very least playable and enjoyable state, taking into account restrictions of content implied by EA.So I must ask honestly - how much was the release date was influenced based on the fact of being here first best (there was another so-called airport sim released shortly before) vs releasing a playabe EA? Or did you got carried away with the community green-lighting you in 6 days, feeling at the top of the world, and then loosing track of how your game performs in actual gameplay? Because the issues people are posting over and over again (200+ in official bug thread) are generally not OS/Hardware related and you should have seen them in your play throughs - If I have stuck people, you will have them too. If your game makes it impossible to load 777 in 2 in-game hours, so will you and etc ad infinitum.Or is it simple as 'Oh gosh, we did not really tested or played our game for a few hours' as opposed to catchy update news titles such as 'Bumpy landing' as a result of 'monetarily invested' customers doing the testing for you?Gosh, I'll be shocked and awed if the developer posts an honest and detailed response, other than the, now stock 'we are working to improve the game, thank you for your feedback' type of response, however it is phrased.Myself, and parts of community would really appreciate a 'road to...' sort of post.And unless I'm very wrong and mistaken, my understanding of EA is different to yours, you ought to post something human and acknowledging the poor state of the launch. Ducking behind the 'The game is not yet finished and there are gameplay aspects that are missing or incomplete, and you may encounter bugs' blanked disclaimer is a poor excuse.While I'm heavily invested in the Airport Tycoon or Airport Inc reboot, this unfortunately has to go on the back burner till at the very least the obvious bugs are fixed. And let me echo what I said before - if we can see these 'right in front of your face' issues, mentioned in paragraph 4, you should have seen them too.In other words, if you show the lack of care and attention, why would you expect the community to do so?---Not recommended EA title at the current stage."
76561198063878961,Recommended,598330,30799850,Posted: 28 March,all,ExactChaos,"And the verdict after many hours:https://youtu.be/Fu5Nf4zY8ZkThe concept is good, and it is quite enjoyable. So for now I will give it my support as I am really hoping the developers will keep it up and polish this game.But it seems extremely early access and very buggy, I have had to restart numerous games due to elements bugging out. A lot of the agent pathing is horrible and there are constantly planes or passenger getting into areas they should not be or stuck.In terms of gameplay it is ok, but really needs to be balanced better. It is way too difficult to get a decent sized airport up and running, even using the max loan you can get it is just not possible. Apart from that it is not too complex, which will be good form some but boring for others.All in all for the price I think it is good, but it may be worth waiting a while until the game is more polished or released."
,Recommended,598330,32322484,Posted: 10 June,all,Sir Vance,"If you like tycoon games, this game is for you. Very fun and addicting. Does need some more additions and improvements but its in EA so thats to be expected. Devs are very responsive however and are constantley updating stuff and taking suggestions so I have good faith the final product well be amazing."
,Recommended,598330,31618666,Posted: 7 May,all,Alfaceazul,"I like this kind of game so I'm recommending it but feels empty there are lots of place to improve...I hope they add-Different shop like clothes, eletronic,exchange money place, different restaurants so on...-More stuff to research like accepting flights between 0 am and 4 am...- Moving walkway-Running mode when passengers are late...many of people dont make on time because of distance...-taxis and subway connection?-More floors-People trying to get in with drugs or explosives-Security and dogs doing patrols-Events like emergency landing, crashes ,fire or some health problems.-Ambulatory and fire fighter station-wifi and eletric partSo yea...as you see not many stuff to do yet..."
,Recommended,598330,30841918,Posted: 30 March,all,BinaryEX4,"Could be a good game in the future, not that is isnt now. At the moment it is playable all be it a little too easy to make money.  Airports tend to start lagging once they reach a certain size and the game is very buggy at the moment.TBH, I can build a small airport and leave the game running on its own in the background while i do something else and let the money pile up. Its not much of a challange at the moment, with little to do once the airport is built.#Good game though for early access. However far too expensive a price. 9.99 would be fairer price for game in its current state."
,Recommended,598330,33598684,Posted: 16 July,all,VB_Tane,This Game has a crap ton of potential. Still needs a lot of work. But the developer is responsive and communicates actively.
,Recommended,598330,34903388,Posted: 12 September,all,mammy bear,"This is obviously an early access game, so yes, there are a few flaws, a few bugs that appear and currently a limited selection of gameplay elements.BUTsaying that, I've still spent 73 hours on this at time of writing, and find it enjoyable and perfectly playable.If getting this, I'd highly suggest placing yourself on the edge version, which will just show you the speed and ability of the devs, with almost daily updates and quick working on bugs. The roadmap (see the discussion), shows just how much the devs want to put into the game, and given what they've already done, I have confidence that it will get done."
,Not Recommended,598330,30468717,Posted: 12 March,all,Detective McGarnagle,"This game has a lot of potential as a management simulator. However, I feel like it has been pushed for release too early.There is a large number of bugs. Not just one or two. A. Lot. Of. Bugs. The core concept of the game works, but in the hour of playing there were just so many frustrating issues that occured that could not be ignored that basically rendered the game annoying and unplayable.Staff would just stop working, especially at cafes. This would result in lines at the cafes that just get longer and longer. The patrons waiting in line would not be smart enough to leave said line, and suddenly 90% of the passengers miss their flight, display a ""Argh"" speech bubble then proceed to continue to wait in line for the coffee or pizza that is never going to arrive. I tried to fire the disobedient staff members, to which the game decided I have to spend more money to fire someone I had employed, took my $100, and left the stationary staff member standing idle in the terminal without removing them. I now have a total of 6 staff members just loitering at random spots.I tried to delete my cafe and kitchen and start over, to which I proceeded to demolish, which turned the area in to grass. I couldn't build anything over the grass because it was deemed to be outside the terminal. So basically half of my terminal is now grass and I can't build anything on it.This isn't the only bug I've encountered, but something so big that is happening to a lot of people probably shouldn't make it to the release day without being fixed.As I said to begin with, this game has a lot of potential, but at the moment I don't feel it is worth the $20 USD price tag, or that it is ready to be released, even as early access. What I do like is that the developers are interested in feedback, and releasing patches on a very regular basis. I am curious to see how long they keep that up for, but for now I can't recommend this game and have requested a refund. Perhaps in a months time or two I'll purchase it again and see how things have developed."
,Not Recommended,598330,34054101,Posted: 5 August,all,Rob,I'd wait until the game is polished more. It's like prison architect but with airports and a lot less content.
76561197986674427,Recommended,598330,30441409,Posted: 10 March,all,LoSboccacc,"The game has good potential. Handling an airport is cool and complex enough to make it entartaining as it is even without the random events that haven't been implemented.Tentatively recommended, especially for the tycoon types this game has more depth and breadth than Prison Architect or Rimworld, but the game has a LOAD of bugs like few early access I've seen before, so a fair warning: it isn't clear if the devs can actually get this hot mess in a playable state."
,Not Recommended,598330,30643894,Posted: 20 March,all,SimplyBrained,"Edit (mainly an update and response to Mike's comment):Mike, since this review I processed for a refund, but have been avidally keeping up to date with the game. Undeniably, the dev/s are doing an amazing job providing regular updates to the game, already fixing (or on their way to fixing) things that really ruined the experience (like not being able to assign flights to specific gates). That is the nature of early access and from that front the dev/s comittment is really nice to see.Whether I know game design or not, I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels that there's early access and 'early access' (where the former is a diamond in the rough with some issues, and the latter is something that has fundamental flaws and is basically unplayable - a money grab). Upon its release, I would say SimAirport sat somewhere uncomfortably between the two. It was playable, but had fundamental flaws, and at the time (and still does to some degree) lack a large amount of content or depth to make the game truly replayable. I'm sure there are people gagging for a game like this and are willing to pay just to get early access. I'm not one of them. I'm willing to support a game, especially one that has commited developers like this one, but I don't buy something purely based off commitment or what will be. I take into account the current state of the game.As someone who likes the idea of the game, but could also be fine without it, I would say ~£20 is a little steep. I'm confident that the majority of negative reviews for this game are not about it's playability but infact that for the state the game was in when they purchased it, the price is pretty extornionate. Everyone has an idea of value that is their own. You may see the potential this game has, as well as there being no other alternative as good reason to spend £20, there are many like you from a glance of the steam reviews. But equally, I see that while the game has potential, if I were to buy it now, it's currently not worth anywhere near £20 in my opinion, and similarly from reading the steam reviews I can see many that share my view. This is why I discussed other early access games charging less at the start, that way they can appeal to both you and I. While they are getting more money from people like you (assuming you are like that), they're losing out more on people like me. Who know's what price is the 'right' price, the best blend so to speak.None-the-less, with the rate the game is improving I can see myself slowly starting to justify the current price, but just not yet, there's still some way to go.Original review:Right, I'm going to reflect the same opinions of many other critical reviews, but here goes.The game has an interesting concept, and generally executes what has been implemented quite well. Unfortunately, as of writing this review, very little of the game seems actually present (or at least I hope that's the case). In my playtime (2-3 hours), I accomplished most of what the game had to offer. Currently this game has very little replayability value. The game also has quite a few incredibly distracting bugs, and occasionally crashes.All this would probably be fine, if it wasn't for the fact that the developers are asking the full game price despite the games current state with both lack of content and strong presence of bugs. Early access isn't a banner you can hide behind and say ""Well, it's early access, so of course it's broken"" or ""Well, it's early access, so of course there's very little to do"" while still justifying full price. I've bought games in the past, such as Minecraft and KSP when they were in their early access (/pre-release phases). I think both cost around £7, which is easily half the price of the full release version if not less. And yet, compatively, even in their state at the time of purchase, they were far more complete than SimAirport is.And that's really it. The game isn't a bad premise (although I am aware it's not the only game meant to be coming out in this genre), but at the moment, it's buggy... with little content... at full price.I can't help but feel that the 'greed' of the developers will actually backfire. I'm sure they would have more takers if they price the game appropriately, in turn, they'll recieve more feedback, and the customers would be happier and not feel completely ripped off. I would geniunely struggle to justfiy spending £10 on this game at the moment, and they're asking for almost double that, pffft."
,Recommended,598330,30571233,Posted: 17 March,all,Transport Nut,"Great potential, although it's a very early start in the development process and you can tell.  Several major bugs and very poor optimisation.However, the developers are rolling out updates DAILY, and that's just bloody fantastic.  Keep up the good work, and I look forward to picking up again really soon!"
,Recommended,598330,30525129,Posted: 15 March,all,C.B. Klausberger,"TL;DR:BUY: If you like to support a ambitious and appealing, fresh simulatior-Concept.Dont buy itYETif you want a complete Game without (gamebreaking) bugs, performance Issues an missing Game-Elements.Long Version:This Game reminds me of other ""Big Players"" of Indi-Games likePrison Architector thePre-Alpha of Rimworld, and not just because of the similar graphics-style.The concept and topic of the game itself looks very promising. Its a fresh thing and feels a bit like a Rolercoaster-Similation with all the feeding of Passengers and the waste they left inside the terminal-building.The ""technical"" Part of the Game at the current Version(15th Mar 2017)is working as a raw, pure Alpha and needs a lot of polishing, more Content and even more confort.BUT it is working, and it does what it has to do - Passengers have a comprehensible a behaviour, use all the currently available Items and(beside of some Pathfinding-issues)it looks great if a big Plane ""unleashes"" a lot of little pawns into your Terminal.If you like Simulation Games, dont be afraid to invest Money in good ideas."
,Recommended,598330,32978164,Posted: 29 June,all,ﮎilvia Ҳ,Pro:- Passenger simulator- Plane simulator- Airport toilet simulator- Clicking simulator- Full body scan simulatorCon:- Always that ONE idiotic passenger that holds up the whole flight- Always that ONE idiotic passenger that doesn't remember to collect their luggage- Passengers that can't pee straight- Hours wasted away checking the security line for explosives that don't existOverall : 10/10 Would fly again.
76561197996610838,Not Recommended,598330,30401753,Posted: 8 March,all,Quesa,"This is just one of those games that's too early to be sold as an early access game.  There needs to be some core work done before it belongs here.  Check back in a few months.""Early Acces game are Alpha-Games. If they are beta, they dont need early acces, beacuse its neraly finished....."" -CommenterYes, I firmly grasp the idea of a game in the alpha stage.  However, if it's being sold as an early access game on Steam it should, at the very least, be playable even if it's only basic feature gameplay.There are many core mechanic issues that prohibit such.  Pathing is one of those core mechanics that should work for the majority of the game before selling as a non-crowd funded game.  For instance, many sims get stuck, and when they get stuck they get angry and do not complete their tasks.  Sims that do not complete their tasks, do not contribute to your bottom line, thus causing issues with your cash flow.  Sometimes it is as bad as 50-60% of your passengers that get stuck.  This is just one example of a core mechanic that has a detremental effect on playing the game, even at a very basic level.The reason why I do not recommend the game is that, in it's current state, it does not mean my threshold for what I believe an early access game should be at."
,Recommended,598330,32869605,Posted: 27 June,all,spoonchild,"I love tycoon games. This reminds me alot of Prison Architech the way it's setup/played. I do like this style. While still early the game does offer alot of challenges to get going. Also not the simplest to start with which is awesome, has a pretty steep learning curve, but again that isn't a bad thing, and making money takes a little planning after a few failures. Thumbs up for sure right now."
,Recommended,598330,32706927,Posted: 23 June,all,Deleted!,"This game is fantastic for people who are creatively talented in avaiation. SimAirport is for people who enjoy simulators, avaiation and tycoons. Go in creative mode or in careers mode, depending on your taste. I really do recommend playing this game, because its a new type of game on steam with also a very user-friendly GUI. Because the game is in early access, player feedback is taken seriously, therefore bugs and crashes can be resolved quite quickly. Well done on the development team of this game!Take note: This is still a fairly new game, which includes many different types of bugs such as planes and players stuck and crashes. But regardless of this, building and running a sustainable airport can never be more easier with this game."
,Recommended,598330,31982977,Posted: 26 May,all,Mike3008,"This game is in early access. That means, of course, that it lacks the balance and content of the final product. Considering the rather high price (22 Euro), buying it is a tough decision. Why do I recommend it anyway?It runs stable. It never crashed on me and as long as you build reasonable airports, chances are good, that your computer can handle it. It starts to stutter once you get over a certain threshold, for me that's about 1000 passengers in the airport at the same time. It's still playable, but it stutters.That being said, the content that is already there is enough to fill about 20-30 hours of playtime. Once you figure out the necessary ratios of things your airports will be successful and it is nice to just watch your airport function. Initially there's always something that needs tinkering, but after about 20 hours you hit a wall with no new goal or content being available. That's the price for early access.I recommend this game because right now, you get about 20 hours of playtime for 20 bucks, which comes to about a buck per hour. Most titles are more expensive for a single playthrough. And this one should get a lot more content in the future. Nonetheless it might be a good idea to wait for a sale before buying."
,Not Recommended,598330,30377262,Posted: 7 March,all,geordietony,"When reviewing this, I'm keeping in mind its early access and nowhere near a finished productAs soon as I saw this on steam I added it to my wish list, it looks like Prison Architect but with a cool airport setting. Which really interested me.There are bugs, pathfinding issues and lack of polish but all things that I would expect at an EA stage. However, after playing for just over half an hour, I felt as if that was enough game time and I had kind of seen everything.  There isn't much in the game at all and I didn't feel like I wanted to come back and keep playing like say when I picked up Prison Architect in Alpha 11 or 12For me when a dev is asking £18.99 for this EA title I want to be impressed and I just something didn't quite connect with me. The price point needs bought down a bit this early in development it’s just a bit too much to ask. In summing up the base game seems solid and with more updates, ironing out all the bugs, working on the AI and maybe adding a small tutorial and finally a menu screen then I may look at reinvesting. However, at this point in time there isn't that much content so it’s going to be one of those risks to take.  Which as I’ve been stung by EA many times I won't be taking just yet. I hope the devs keep applying updates and improving the games would be cool to see a workshop with real world airports in too.I just cant recommend it in current state at that price point.I made a short video on it covering my first bit of gameplay.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2b-YDdTwQo"
76561198020101165,Recommended,598330,30680147,Posted: 22 March,all,F8L L0G1C,"Hey guys,Firstly I'd like to point out this is an early access sim and so it will most certainly be filled with bugs and glitches.  Having said this and having played the game for many hours I hav to say I'm loving it.  Its alot of fun, yes it has bugs but these will undoubtedly be ironed out if people actually identify them and report them.  Given the right support this could be an awesome sim along the lines of Prison Architect.  Bug thumbs up from me.No Tutorial so expect to find things out for yourself!!Slightly over priced though!"
76561198239716476,Recommended,598330,33623405,Posted: 17 July,all,Got2MemeBat,"SimAirport,Its a Great game but the FPS drops are a problem when your airport gets to big"
76561197974194671,Recommended,598330,30721977,Posted: 25 March,all,WWicked,"Absolutely love the game, but if you don't like bugs & weird stuff happening stay away. Even in this state this is serious fun.Looking forward to what happens in the future with this early release title. SimAirport is a hoot."
,Recommended,598330,30931262,Posted: 3 April,all,whitestox,"Synopsis:I would say this game was a very good buy and considering that is still Early Access, I believe that this game will be outstanding when the project is complete.Pros:-Build your own style of airport - it lets you become an architect and use different carpeting, build cafes, bathrooms, gates, etc.-Landings Fees and Terminal Use Fees - Vital in career mode to not go underwater in your project-Runway Upgrades - Increases your airport interest rate among airlines and lets you serve larger aircraft, which is very creative in my opinion-Hiring Construction Workers - Not many tycoon games let you hire your own workers, essentially a certain amount of time is alotted for a project to be completed-Customization of Zones - Whereas you have your pickups and arrivals, you also have garbage and deliveries, making traffic a little pesky but makes the game a lot more organized-Devs Quickly Patch and Respond to Complaints - It is very good to see the developers actively engaging with the players and looking at what they can do better and what they need to fix to make the game as best as it can beCons:-Traffic Jams - Too often do I see busses or cars get stuck on the road and the gridlock will not clear; even if it does not directly affect traffic, it is still annoying-Taxiway Gridlock - Some airplanes find a way to use the same taxiway at the same time and stop, sometimes stuck there for the whole game, which eliminates the use of the taxiway and costs you the fees associated with the airliners landing/departing/utilizing your airport in addition to the passengers' discontent-One Level Airports / Lack of Options for Concourses or Multiple Terminals - I know this is probably coming in the future and not to bash an ongoing project, but this should be addedConclusion:I recommend this game to someone that is an aviation enthusiast or a tycoon enthusiast that will wait for the game to be complete and objectively review the game and help the developers with any future ideas. This game isnotif you are impatient with Early Access games or don't have the best luck with glitches."
,Recommended,598330,33594319,Posted: 16 July,all,scott_romain,"This is a good start to somthing great. at this time it is limited as the mor you progress the more broken it becomes. However it is very early in this games life. Note to developers: it would be soooooo coll if you included historical aircraft in your progression. ie  early years, start off with a grass strip and DC3s move up tp conies and DC4s DC7s super conies and comets. Jet age, 707s DC8s Comets, 727s moving to comets 4s, 737 200, tridents, DC 9s, DC 10s, A300 and 747-200s . modern ara you got them. In each time you get unque termal and runway options. Please please please make this happen!!!"
,Recommended,598330,31338933,Posted: 24 April,all,craigmadox,"What a great game, Loved it. There has been perfomance issues which have been annoying but they are being or have been dealt with.  The potential is huge with this game. I would like to see duty free shop added maybe, bigger map ( only when performance is better) possible a staff room an executive lounge or a Car park. Just ideas that would make this great even better.  I know its still in development and I think the devlopers have done a great job."
76561198030154659,Recommended,598330,30417544,Posted: 9 March,all,JD93,Good for an early acess its very prison architech-esq so easy to navigate and get used to needs a few updates to beat the bugs but these are to be expected in beginning stages bare in mind when you buy you are part of the player testing if you'd rather wait for a polished game free of bugs wait until its finished but if you can stand a few minor ones that are being removed with updates go ahead and give it trylooking forward to future improvments and additions
76561198085503520,Recommended,598330,35495077,Posted: 5 October,all,plotz,"SimAirport has come a very long way this year - I now consider it a very good purchase and would rate it 7.5/10 already.What is it? Superficially similar to the newly released Airport CEO, it focuses on providing infrastructure and services for both airlines and passengers. You will have to create an airport that is able to efficiently route passengers to their gates, whilst feeding them and keeping them comfortable along the way. Certain airlines also have preferences and demands that have to be met in order to attract their flights (and not having them reneged). Building-wise, expansions are very costly, which requires you to manage space quite efficiently. You have to take traffic load into account (more gates = more space in schedule = more flights = more runway movements = congestion, if not counteracted) and provide just enough capacity for check-in, baggage, security, restrooms and entertainment/food services to passengers. Aircraft may request refueling, too.The graphics style is of course something you can choose to like or dislike. In some ways it is similar to Prison Architect - and that is felt all the way into some GUI elements. I personally love PA, so I am fine with that.SimAirport now is a quite stable simulation with less and less flaws.Here are my top pros and cons:+ Entertaining simulation with just the right degree of abstraction+ high degree of transparency+ custom airlines add flavor+ credible airport structures+ LOVE the management aspect of the game that rewards intelligent structures and logistics (=passenger) flows+ Super responsive dev team that churns out updates almost daily, if you are on the EDGE beta branch- plane pathfinding is still less than sterling- some balancing issues persist - i.e. taxiways are more expensive than runways- some prioritisation issues with passengers- not all systems (fuel, PA, first class passengers) provide a really meaningful impact on the game, yetHowever: I am confident that these problems will be solved over time. The game is still early access!Compared to the still very ""empty"" feel of Airport CEO, I would currently prefer this one. I own both games."
76561198020888811,Recommended,598330,31761978,Posted: 14 May,all,DDaysRevenge,"So, here's the deal... If you like Prison Architect, you will probably love this game.  That being said, it's not without it's faults, and being early access, that is to be expected.  The game shows amazing potentiol, but at it's current state, is very limited.  I currently have built an airport that has about 3500 concurrent passengers traveling through it, and that's about as big as you are going to be able to build.  The current state of the game results in a severe slow down to the point that, at 5x speed, each minute takes about 2 seconds, which makes the game slow down to a crawl.  Another complaint is the dropoff/pickup location and traffic.  The AI for the traffic is worse that most chineese drivers which results is slow pickups and dropoffs and people missing flights for reasons beyond your control.  This, I hope, will be fixed with further updates.  Further updates, yes, these developers have shown that they are working very hard on this game and update is quite frequently.This is why I will actually recommend this game, even with it's faults and current state, I have had a lot of fun.  And it is early access, so it's to be expected that the game is not perfect.  I look forward to seeing what the developers have to add and the many more hours I will be putting into this game!"
,Recommended,598330,30366378,Posted: 6 March,all,Aeternitas,"Good for an early access title! It has a long ways to go, but the devs have a good plan for the future. A few sounds issues and one CTD so far, but it's pretty decent, especially compared to other airport simuators or tycoons. Essentially, it's prison architect at an airport!My one suggestion at this point is to add actual airline workers and offices for them. I used to work for airlines, and we all had our own offices and equipment. If the devs want any input, I'm happy to help!EDIT: The developers have already patched the sound and CTD issues, as well as fixing several other small issues not even a day after launch, simply from the feedback from their community. The devs obviously actually care about this game, and it's only going to get better as time goes on!"
76561198008705262,Recommended,598330,30530017,Posted: 15 March,all,narkie,"Yes there where a lot of bugs in the first release. But with all the effort, constant patches and news updates I think this game and developer have a lot of potential. And even with the release we are currently at you can enjoy the game for a couple of hours. Of course there is room for improvement but it is a early access."
,Recommended,598330,32846225,Posted: 27 June,all,Owlchemist,"For an early access game, it shows a lot of potential, and the development cycle has been consistent and well involved with the community. I already close to 20 hours into this game, finding it quite addicting, and I'm looking forward to some of the upcoming updates. I'm betting this game will be a smash success with the tycoon-loving community when it leaves early access."
76561198177569626,Recommended,598330,30778093,Posted: 27 March,all,feiteiramarco,"I feel like its a great game to play, although it still needs a lot of work.If you dont mind the game crashing now and then its worth it.If not then honestly wait for Airport CEO to come out, looked at the game play and its honestly so much better!!!"
76561198077075375,Recommended,598330,30721031,Posted: 25 March,all,Sombra2,"OK, the game is in a VERY early stage of development. Lots of bugs and glitches. But, if you liked the style of Prison Architect this might be your game. I am going to recommend it and to support it because the potential this game has is very high. I will probably give it a few more hours and then review it back again."
,Not Recommended,598330,30478613,Posted: 12 March,all,AddMeGamers,As this review is mainly if people should buy it. In this current state i would highly recommend you dont. The game is nice and the potential of where its headed is going to be amazing. But so far there are WAAAAAAAAAY too many bugs to make truely enjoyable. If you want to support the devs sure go for it. But if you want to have a nice smooth game then it wont happen. Other the that the game is awsome! look forward to them improving it and mainly giving the graphics a massive bump.
,Not Recommended,598330,32855986,Posted: 27 June,all,OrangeMungos,"I really don't hate this game, due to it being on early access.But i can't really say i like it ethier. There isn't enough content for it to even be on early access IMO.But i still say its an ok game, just wait for more progress to be made before buying."
76561198054925287,Not Recommended,598330,31655489,Posted: 9 May,all,J.LOW!,"As aviation and simulation enthusiast I can't really recommend the game at this stage. Anyone who's not too much into aviation and just wants to spend some hours might be fine with SimAirport.The whole balancing is not too great, constructing and expanding the airport is quite fussy. Graphics and animations are quite basic so far - and some bugs that pop up can be really annoying. It's interesting for an hour or two - then the game wears off quite fast. Given the amount of content, the bugs, the gameplay issues - the current price is not justified."
,Recommended,598330,30440620,Posted: 10 March,all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],"This is a pretty good game...It has all the issues of a regular very early access game like lacking features and a metric ♥♥♥♥ ton of bugs but that doesnt change the overall fact that it is a great idea and has lots of potential.I would liken this game a lot to prison architect, and I hope the success of the game in the future can say the same."
76561198012948397,Recommended,598330,32506848,Posted: 17 June,all,malcook23,"Great game, still with a few kinks in it but once they are fixed and the updates that are coming, this is going to be a game i will enjoy for a long time and have even got my kids interested in playing it.Fanstastic work by the developers."
,Recommended,598330,35226879,Posted: 26 September,all,VanillaPCStrategy,"A lot of those recent negative reviews make no sense. Most of them have only an hour or two of play, and basically complain that people should wait for Airport CEO. It's pretty fun and runs well, but once you get deep into the game (maybe six or seven hours into a scenario) things do start to slow down. There's not a lot of financial challenge. Eventually, like when you have ten gates, things will slow down a lot and you'll probably have to start over.But if you do into it as a sandbox airport builder, I like it a lot. There's frequent updates and the developers are always adding new stuff... there was a lot of new content from when I first played it back in May. It's an early access title, and if you approach it like one I think it's worth buying. If you're expecting a complete game, or if $20 is a lot of money for you, then you'll want to wait a while before picking it up."
76561198004379027,Not Recommended,598330,32737978,Posted: 24 June,all,chunky975,"Good game, but there are so many annoying little bugs that you have to constantly watch out for that affect your success in the game. Issues with planes getting stuck at the gate for no reason, queues not forming correctly, golf carts not delivering baggage, and more. UI needs some improvements as well.Good principle, just wait a year or so until it's more complete"
,Recommended,598330,34263609,Posted: 15 August,all,DafMeister,"This game is great and I really recommend it, BUT keep in mind that it's in Early Access!Pros- Responsive devs on the community hub- Regular updates- Lots of options to unlock and work through- Challenging yourself to push your airport to maximum efficiency is great- Can be compared to Prison Architect, but with airportsCons- Early Access- Unfinished (Duh!)- Performance goes down when hittin the several thousands of passengers.- Financially not challengin at allThe game still needs a lot of work, but all in all it's a gem in potential and seeing the devs actually work on it, I believe this will be awesome."
76561198003019910,Recommended,598330,30560435,Posted: 16 March,all,aevansjr35,Early access for sure but devs are doing good at responding and fixing things. Has alot of potential and despite the path finding bugs and other issues it is a fun game and will grow in time. I say jump on now and help out.
76561198029956323,Recommended,598330,30545695,Posted: 16 March,all,amike539,This game has great potential i have played about 8 hours so far and lots to sort but this could be a right money maker of a game if and IF they get ths right. Its ok just now but the overall end will be amazing.where do i write if i find issues please? deffo want to elp this game become amazing. LOVE IT
,Recommended,598330,33817360,Posted: 26 July,all,Bertie,"If you're into games like Prison Architect then this is for you - at this stage of development it doesn't have has much in, but it's very satisfying to see hundreds of passengers milling round your airport, and I've not even got far with the game!"
76561198253448712,Recommended,598330,31373622,Posted: 26 April,all,star of future,"A good game,but not a excellent game now.The main problem is about the fluency of the game,like u know when i play the game for hours continously, the whole game is like im watching a powerpoint.my PC is an Alienware 17R3 with i7-6820HK/GTX980M/16G ram.seems like its not the computer,but the program optimize problem.Hope developers can see this report and make this game become an excellent game."
76561198092121580,Recommended,598330,30733471,Posted: 25 March,all,kittenviking21,"This game is a great idea, and I love the prison architect style to it. If this game is designed to the completeness of prison architect, I think it will be incredible. There are many bugs to work out, but even in it's current state I find it quite enjoyable. I would like to see the option for land extensions added ASAP, but overall, I think this is a great game."
,Not Recommended,598330,30374543,Posted: 7 March,all,Bede,"First of all, I know this is an Earyl Access game, but the videos shown by the Dev show a better version than the actual one they released today.It's still full of bugs, mechanics simply not working (e.g. red numbers/bankruptcy, passengers missing flights because they get stuck in walls or in front of vending mashines...) and the performance is quite poor (frame rate droppes rapidly on extra large maps even though the airport is still relatively small...).For the moment, I can't recomend to buy this game, but I can see its potential. If the Devs can iron out the bugs and get some of the core mechanics to work, it's going to be fun as hell to play!"
,Recommended,598330,30458627,Posted: 11 March,all,StarshipUK,"There is a massive gash in the market in terms of airport simulators, and this will hopefully fill that gaping hole. The game is not properly playable yet due to bugs and balancing issues, but it has lots of potential, providing they don't get sued by Prison Architect as the graphics and design are a tad similar. I bought it to support the dev, but I am going to wait a while before playing again until its developed further and more playable."
,Recommended,598330,31622609,Posted: 8 May,all,Derpduckderp,sim airport can give you a few hours of fun but the feautures are very limited and i ca get boring very quickly but this game does ofer quite a few fun fetures of which i do enjoy i would personaly recomend mabye holding off on this game for now as it does have very few features and i honestly belive that 20$ is a bit to expenisve for a game at this stage if it was 10$ i would be a bit more happy with the game bassed on its curent fetures
76561198011806442,Not Recommended,598330,30380295,Posted: 7 March,all,Jaimepersonne,"Absolutely unplayable at this stage. It lags and crashes and you just cannot build anything as the frame rates are so low. I am not asking for a refund but will wait until it is improved and actually ready to be launched, as I have been waiting for so long for a game like this. In the meantime, I would advise against buying it."
,Recommended,598330,30765958,Posted: 26 March,all,UberGoose_PL,"I truly enjoy and reccomend this game, however would hold off on buying it IF you are looking to play for more than a few hours in a single save. If you buy it now, you are buying for a taste of what is to come.I would like to preface this review by saying, the devs are very very responsive and are working very hard on getting bugfixes and updates out. They do listen to the community, and this does not seem like a studio that will do the whole alpha and abandon.Gameplay and Mechanics: 5/10 - It is a lot of fun to build the different zones in your airport and continue developing terminals, gates and upgrades as your airport grows. Now, that being said, end game comes way too quick. Within maybe 2-3 hours on a save, my airport was making 500k+ a day, and I had run out of things to put in. Now with this being a very early alpha, it is understandable that there are some lacking features. However in its current state, there really isn't much to do.The core unlocks and gameplay is way too easy. Customer satisfaction is always high, even with low amounts of facilities. The airline contracts come way too easy, and there isn't (a visible one anyway) any kind of relationship status with the airlines. Sure they will cancel on you for some reason, but I can't see a way how to check why. It is frustrating to lose 20k in termination fees and not really see how to improve. Many times you're only losing contracts due to game breaking bugs which will be discussed further in the review.In its current state, the gameplay here is really fix the default airport by adding facilities and staff until you have 3-4 gates going and its endgame. You can't even use all of the features the game has due to bugs, such as the restriction of food court/cafe right now.Bugs: The game is broken in many many ways. Simple things just dont work. I.E Food court. But there are also smaller bugs such as passangers blobbing at the end of queues and getting stuck, causing bottlenecks. Construction also creates weird zones (with secure/nonsecure zones) sometimes and requires reloading to fix.The real game breaking bugs are the ones that I cannot see workarounds to. Such as gates being available and flights being cancelled because the game does not register it. So you end up scheduling flights 3-4 hours apart and still have issues sometimes. Or traffic on the roads. Why does a bus carrying passangers stop blocking both lanes of traffic to drop them off when he could just block one. Also, why does a garbage truck take 3-4 hours to pickup trash? Seems silly.All bugs aside, there is the huge lag issue. I have a gtx 980, and a new gen I7 paired with 16 gigs of ram. Aaand its on a SSD drive. So there is absolutely no reason this game should be running at less than 10 FPS when I have 2 747 class airplanes, and 2 767's at the same time. So theres that."
76561198372328304,Recommended,598330,30863129,Posted: 31 March,all,crazy1joe,"This game seems like it's way too expensive for the state that it's at, and theres just TOO MUCH LAG. But the only reason why I recommend besides bugs, lag, and the need of more content, is because it is in early access and it has a lot of potential. And even now I really like to play it, even if I usually get 2-40 fps."
76561198008819319,Recommended,598330,33040050,Posted: 30 June,all,Flanders016,"It's great! Still needs work to be as detailed as Prison Architect, but it's getting there! The game is fun, if you want a tutorial you'll have to go on youtube (recommended) Bravo to the team, keep working hard. There's alot of potential like : International area with customs, boutiques, dedicated airline cie gates, parking area with revenue and vending machines that work !"
,Recommended,598330,33049269,Posted: 30 June,all,notacactus,"Pros:Simulation is getting fairly in-depth. Complex operations management. Growing amount of options of how you want to make your airport. Fairly addictive.Cons:Too easy to make money. Larger gates/airliners will lag your game with so many passengers. Passengers don't take up space in hallways so you don't need to expand walking areas nearly as much as you should. No tutorial. Needs a ""United Airlines beat someone up again"" event.Would buy on sale or when updated."
,Recommended,598330,32370145,Posted: 12 June,all,Rhekis,"Really enjoying this take on simulating aircraft operations.  Still a bit rough around the edges but the developers are very responsive and hard at work.  Can't wait to see where this game ends up =)Game mechanics focus on airport logicistcis - staff, building layout, scheduling flights from the different airlines, a bit of transit logicistics, and some security operations.  Very fun!Supporting early access games is a great way to support independent game developers."
,Recommended,598330,33251044,Posted: 4 July,all,Travis,It's a lot like Prison Architect in gameplay/simulation mechanics with a slightly heavier emphasis on finances. Fairly far along for an early access title but still needs a fair bit of polish when it comes to UI but it's nothing game breaking. If you're a fan of management/sim games it's worth the purchase price even in early access.
,Recommended,598330,32723846,Posted: 24 June,all,OooKillEm,An amazing game and fantastic support from dev's. The price is pretty high considering the niche and early access model. Would reccomend to those whom don't mind things breaking once in awhile and understand there is a lack of objectives within the game.
,Recommended,598330,30532488,Posted: 15 March,all,///M,"This game would be fantastic - if it worked. Countless bugs, have planes getting stuck on the taxiways all the time for no apparent reason (and cannot be moved). Once most of the bugs are worked out, it'll be great."
,Recommended,598330,30930324,Posted: 3 April,all,oius,Still has a long road to go.So far a fun game. but there is no real depth yet and with 3+ terminals fully booked you really start to see the lag.but with frequent good updates (at the time of this review every few days) i feel this could become a very good game.
,Recommended,598330,30932286,Posted: 3 April,all,docbrown86,"I was skeptical as I have had bad experiences with early releases in the past. This game so far has not met me down! For early access, it's a lot of fun with only minor bugs. I can't wait to see what additional content arrives. Love the game!!"
76561198035402563,Recommended,598330,31032349,Posted: 8 April,all,dustinthornton,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!! Yes it still has some bugs, but no game crashing [not that I have found]. I do recommend setting it up get it where you are earning some money and let it run so you can get a HUGE amount of cash so that you can start making your own awesome airport. I would love to see my area for my airport increase. I would be cool with paying for the ability to increase my airport.I just really love this game!!!"
76561198056047804,Recommended,598330,31086841,Posted: 11 April,all,karlhall1990,"I bought this game only two days ago and have already racked up 27 hours’ gameplay (I may be addicted). If you liked Prison Architect then you will love this!Pros:Most bugs in the initial release seem to have been fixed. When I read the reviews, I was put off due to the number of negative ones, but after watching some play throughs on YouTube I decided to give it ago. I have had no major bugs or glitches; yes, there are some but it is an early release it comes with the territory.The road system is brilliant, I have spent easily the last hour trying to make a road system that would avoid too much congestion, I had mixed results (luckily, I had a nice bank balance as asphalt costs a lot).The materials system is good. When you dismantle something, it breaks down into the materials required to build it. This is such a good feature as quite often I have removed roads I have built so I could build taxiways.The controls are easy to understand (like Prison Architect). I would just like a better control over zooming as it seems to go from close to quite far away, I would like something in between.The whole concept is fantastic I have played other airport games but this gives you complete freedom. Several times when I have saved up I have bulldozed my airport and started again. Or I have expanded gradually so not to affect the airport running.The planning tool is a major help, I look forward to seeing how this will develop as so far it is only colours.There are probably many more things but those are the main ones. I will say I think £19.00 is a lot and that did but me off initially as I normally only pay £10 max for early release but I am glad I gave it a go and have loved every minute. I think with the price you need to make your own decision.Here are few things that could be improved as I can't think of anything negative to say. Some of these could be in the pipeline of the devs.ImprovementsA few glitches here and there - my main glitches seem to be baggage carts just randomly left on taxi ways (though I think that's due to me dismantling the hanger without selling the carts).Performance upgrades as when I build a larger airport I lag like crazy, though I have found saving and reloading does fix a this and other issues such as garbage not being moved as I deleted and moved the garbage zone.Queues - They are a great help but can be annoying when putting down, think it would be much simpler if you left click to create the queue and right click deletes it.Storage - I would really like a storage area as when I remodel I have boxes everywhere! I thought maybe using the storage racks for that instead of new deliveries would help.Staff - I think there needs to be subcategories for staff. Mainly the food workers as they should have three categories - cooks, cashiers and waiter/waitress. Also, staff could be gate staff and ticket staff as that would give much better control where everything goes.Assignment - A restructure of the assignment facility would be nice as when more than one queue is next to each other it can be hard to select the correct one.Duty free - would be great if in in future there could be duty free.So basically in my opinion this is a great game, for me personally £20 is quite a lot but I have been pleasantly surprised. I am expecting to spend most of my time on SimAiport when not at work. I am looking to forward to seeing how this game develops over time."
,Recommended,598330,30521632,Posted: 15 March,all,Philes,"Nice game, Very good idea but still too many bugs and not enough stuff do to for being playable and really enjoyable."
,Recommended,598330,30375169,Posted: 7 March,all,NoSlack,"Ok, so I was one of the first people on the hype train for this game. I waited on release day as the game was pushed back further and further. Finally, after getting home from work at 5am I was able to get my hands on the game and see what kind of wonderful funI would be able to have with this game.Three hours later I came to the conclusion that it would be months before I would be able to play a game that I could actually immerse myself into and get the $20 value that I paid on Early Access launch day. The game will be good. Of that I'm fairly confident. It's just not very good right now. You can't go more than a few minutes without running into a bug that makes the game nearly unplayable. Your passengers getting stuck in your cafe while their flight leaves without them, or your security line becoming so clogged that almost everyone on the one plane leaving your airport misses their flight. These are just a few of the issues you will come across. And what really sucks is that there doesn't seem to be a fix on the users end.If I could do this all over again, I would probably wait and pay the $20 in 2-3 months when the game is actually something that you can play and lose track of time with.For anyone wanting a video review, I made one of those.https://youtu.be/irVqyO6Qd3II'm going to recommend this game, but only because I feel it'll be worth it in the longrun."
76561198007457145,Not Recommended,598330,30723794,Posted: 25 March,all,Chris_u667gf,"I purchased this game understanding it is in early access and so I may encounter bugs and need to wait for future patches for a full game.However, I have tried and tried to play this game however within an hour of starting any airport i find the game unplayable as it simply is not ready yet.  For example the most recent bug related to ""supply trucks"" blocking all my roads grinding the airport to a stop with no way to recover from this.  Times before related to passengers missing their planes due to canteen staff not serving meals etc.The game itself has potential and i may visit this again in 6 months as hopefully the bugs will be removed, and the very very simplistic gameplay may have been improved (maybe shops etc in a terminal?  Currently it is just to basic).Do I recomend this game now?  No.  The gameplay is to simple with nothing except basic airport items such as x ray machines, and currently the game is simply unplayable due to bugs.  However I will be looking at this title again in 6 months, perhaps then it will be ready to play.This game should not have been released yet to put it simply.  I am disapointed but remain hopeful."
76561198012068872,Recommended,598330,30409210,Posted: 9 March,all,oldeguy,This game started out junk. It sure isn't now.  Comparing it to the wannabe Airport CEo it blows it away. buy this not that you'll be much happier.
76561198100166896,Recommended,598330,33771361,Posted: 24 July,all,FlipGalaxy,"HI i really like the game SimAirport but i dont feel like theres enough to do. I think that they should add senarios like having Either Little money or Little space which would add alot excitment to the game.I do recomend this game to people who like simulation and mangement games. but if your looking for a game, of which you wan't lots of hours of play I would look else where as SimAirport Is a game which could be completed fairly quickly (if your looking to build an Airport and watch it. not thinking about ""how can i get out of debt"" or  ""if i do this will i fall into banrcrupcy"")"
76561198037357032,Recommended,598330,31440164,Posted: 29 April,all,BritishLandrace,"Really enjoyed this game so far. Early access so you need to put up with the odd bug, but they seem to get resolved pretty quickly.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,598330,31430880,Posted: 28 April,all,Thelegend27,This is utterly my favourite game!This is great for people who love aviation.
76561198132891568,Recommended,598330,30753357,Posted: 26 March,all,bluepanther12,"So here is my review-Pros:Great ConceptFun game playLove the customizationKept me playing for hours on endCon:Had a lot of bugs where certain character did not moveWould of like to see underground passagewaysWould like of to see more than one terminalsThe security could improve with the body scanners moving fasterFix the frame rate when their is a lot of people at the airport (Like over 10,000 people.)I understand this game is in an early stage of develoment and I would like to see new updates soon. If you can try to add more building items in the game that would much appreciated. But in the end the game is a very nice game."
,Recommended,598330,34606860,Posted: 30 August,all,Outcast,"Sure it's early access, But it gets updated almost daily (edge builds)No tutorial, so takes awhile to learn, but everything ingame works fine as of now.Graphic wise im not that huge of a fan, but gameplay is pretty decent atm."
,Recommended,598330,30452134,Posted: 11 March,all,Rjohn,"This game and especially the developers suprised me positively.So far the game is still in Alpha/Greenlight, thus one will encounter buggs.However the devs are very active, react on the forums almost instantly and deliver daily patches so far.This ''prison architect'' alike game has definitely potential to become a addicting airport sim.The mechanics are generally great and the management aspect certainly is something quite some people enjoy.Looking at the price, I would like to say that it will be/is worth it. However if you are looking for a polished game, I would recommend to wait some time with buying it. If you are the person that wants to help the devs further? GET IT!Cheers,Rjohn"
,Recommended,598330,30384160,Posted: 7 March,all,Hooch,Little bit pricey for it's current state but has the foundations to be amazing.
76561198136081171,Not Recommended,598330,34074437,Posted: 6 August,all,Statto Software,"It suffers from the biggest problem with the airport simulator series: the ""loop"" of the gameplay just isn't that much fun. Getting everything set up is fun, but once you hit play and start going through the daily grind, there's really no reason or incentive to expand the airport.I would recommend this if you love airports, however, as it does a good job of simulating the actual mechanics of an airport. The developers have done a good job with it. And I have hope it will turn into a game in which the challenge builds over time, or at least a game where the challenge varies from one airport to another. But for now, the grind gets too boring quickly, which perhaps is a flaw of this type of game, and not that of the developer.Some things I'd like to see:- Retail leases, including luxury stores once you hit a certain point- It would be much easier if you could organise objects by zone.- This is just a fun one, but passengers should have names."
,Recommended,598330,35500789,Posted: 5 October,all,SimoPower,"Hello. I'll start saying that this game is beautiful. At first look seems poor, but it isn't. And it is only the start,The devs are really working hard on this game to make it better.Graphics:The graphics is simple, in 2D, i think they can make it better than now, if you are too near to a passenger, the details will not focus. 7/10Sound:The sound is good, they remaked all and now seems like to be in an Airport 8/10Gameplay:There are bugs, but devs are working hard to solve. They are also implementing new things at every update 8/10General:Game is good, is not for all because is still in Early Access, but i suggest this game, support the Devs, they are working hard on this!"
76561198098096129,Not Recommended,598330,30964012,Posted: 5 April,all,Susannah,"While I will admit that the game at this stage has potential to become reasonably good, for now though I'm struggling to actually recommend it.  The big hitch that I, and many others appear to be experiencing, is the game-killing lag that occurs after a few hours of playing, and after you've reached approximately 500 passengers.  This not only seems to be an issue with the way passengers are grouped for movement, but also a RAM acquisition issue - I've yet to see the game use more than 2GB out of the 16GB I have available for it to run.There are also issues surrounding the pathing of vehicles, and I have experienced numerous times after re-configuring a side-route that vehicles will stop using the side-route and will only use the main (inital) route.  This of course causes more traffic back-log, more missed flights, and more lag with the even greater mass out-fluxes of passengers from coaches.Security.  This needs work too; body scanners are slow, yet the metal detectors either aren't used at all, or passengers go through them twice before proceeding to the gate area.  The barriers that you think would be 1-way, aren't and so passengers will come back out through security, and through ticketing to exit the terminal and go down to the baggage re-claim, even if you've built an internal route for them that's in theory quicker.The Café I've yet to see any income from.  Am I missing something, or are the cafe workers also supposed to double as chefs in the kitchen, or is there meant to be a separte worker class of chef??Is it worth the current price?  No."
76561197988478464,Not Recommended,598330,33891158,Posted: 29 July,all,RuzzyShuya,"Not Recommended at the momentI want to love this game. I really do. Airport Architect? An actual airport tycoon-esque game? I want it.I understand it is in Early Access; but I wouldn't even call this Alpha.The UI is clunky. The middle mouse scrolling is inverted to what you'd be used to and is WAY too sensitive.FPS chugs at larger airports (but I had to DL an airport to check cus I couldn't fathom it out myself).No tutorial. Not even a welcome message or anything explaining even BRIEFLY what you should do.Baggage system is absolutely broken. Five times I tried to hook ticketing desks to the baggage depot and every time I got ""not connected to baggage desks"" even though the coloured overlay said it WAS connected.The beginning airport is also horrid so you might as well start from scratch.Oh and I constantly had passengers getting stuck at security for no good discernable reason.This at the moment should be given to select people to play test. Not put out onto Steam EA, and especially not for £18.99! This is by no way, or stretch of the imagination, a full complete game warrenting that price tag. Refund requested. I'll hold on until I see more content and patches and updates - when I watch Let's Play videos.Like I said, I want to love this game. But I'm not going to hold my breath. I'll wait for Airport CEO."
76561198006524453,Not Recommended,598330,30420937,Posted: 9 March,all,Hassie54,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, and perhaps someday I will. This game is not ready for mass consumption yet however. The game has some pretty severe bugs, game breaking bugs in fact. The toons will all crowd around ticket booths or security check areas, and never leave, and I mean NEVER. Their flight will have left 2 days earlier, but there they stand, waiting in line to get their bags checked or whatever. The cafe/kitchen setup is a mess too. Toons all crowd around to order food, but just cause a huge disaster area that is impossible to clean up. I had 8 kitchen staff that I fired, that also just stood around, refusing to leave the premises.The planes have gotten stuck in the loading area for me a couple times too, though it could have been because of weather? I actually don't know the reason for the plane, as there is very little information given in game for things like that.The game is very basic in some aspects, but VERY deep in many others. Because of this latter aspect, I think this could be a very cool game someday. It needs a lot of work, sure, and I would NOT recommend it right now to anyone, but that doesn't mean I am swearing it off for good. I will come back to it every major patch or so, and see what the devs have accomplished.For anyone on the fence at the moment, save your money, and wait for this game to get some updates to clean up some of the problems, as it is REALLY not playable for any length of time. I put in about 90 minutes in total, over 4 games, and every single one ended because a game breaking bug causes issues in my airport to the extreme."
,Recommended,598330,30442900,Posted: 11 March,all,socerman,"I love this game, The biggest issues I have with it now are the fact that airlines need to get bathrooms on those planes. I think my airport may need more bathrooms if they don't. And my workers just love to race golf carts down the airport to get those bags loaded/unloaded.Its a great game. It can be compared to Prison Architect and does have that sort of style in art and gridlike construction. Though it does differ greatly as your trying to get as much out of your airport as possible and I can easily see it having a great workshop in the future as well as some great content planned.Now sure there some bugs and some things that can be bothersome BUT they are being worked on quick and am seeing great improvements every day."
,Recommended,598330,30490590,Posted: 13 March,all,Vebbe,"Even though I stepped in the bear trap we called early access but I can safely say that after some updates this game will be even more enjoyable than what it currently is. Currently there is an abundance of bugs such as:- Passengers not using some ticketing desks or security checks- Airplanes lagging on the tarmac and not leaving/arriving at all- Passengers freezing around the airport and outside the airportAnd the biggest of them all currently:- Having V-Sync on can completely ♥♥♥♥ up your game so remember to turn it off if you are having FPS problems. The setting somehow stuffs up your CPU usage so disabling V-sync can greatly improve your FPS. For me my fps jumped from ~8 to ~60 during peak time after turning off the V-sync setting (I am using an i5-6500).These are the only ones that currently♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most, but don't let the bugs fool you; the idea behind this game is nice and it has been updated almost every day with bug fixes and such so I bet this game will be an indie game gem after a few weeks or patching.Here is some points I highly enjoy:+ The sandbox mode is amazingly fun if you just want to make an huge airport and test your scheduling skills+ The game has fun and bright look to it even though the graphics are not that great or even important+ The amount of different aircraft to have at your airport is decent and seeing multiple different models rolling around your airport really gives this game a nice touch of diversityP.S.As an aircraft-nerd the fact that Boeing 777 uses a smaller gate than B787 while being a larger plane in real life and that there is a B707 in the game along with the most modern jets slightly infriates me. Nothing major if you don't know exact aircraft models though."
76561198088317209,Recommended,598330,30533541,Posted: 15 March,all,rafibig,"This game has a lot of potential. Since I know Prison Architect (the similarties are undoubtable), I know it will be awesome. Please keep on fixing all the stuff. Very important to me would be a better way of organizing the planes. The current way of havening one table, where you can swipe left and right isnt very clearly arranged."
,Recommended,598330,30437032,Posted: 10 March,all,Virgo,"YOU LIKE AIRPORTS ""no""... EM.  YOU LIKE AEROPLANES ""yea"" THEN YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME. BUT THERE IS NOT ALOT OF CONTENT AT THE MOMENT SO ITS MORE LIKE A $10 GAME BUT IDK ITS NOT POO POO SO I WOULD RECOMMEND WAITING UNTIL THE GAME GETS SOME XD CONTENT THEN PAY ALL THE MONEY IN THE WORLD :)*Virgo Review"
,Recommended,598330,30625788,Posted: 19 March,all,Kazoo,"Before I get into my review, let me start off by saying: This game is in EARLY ACCESS. This means that it is nowhere close to being finished, it is subject to crashes, subject to bugs, and some things just don't work as they should. Some things just don't work at all. That will change as the game progresses. If you're not a patient person, then skip this title. Don't buy the game expecting everything to work and leave a bad review when you realize just how far off it is from being complete.Now, with that out of the way, I can continue my brief review. SimAirport is going to be an amazing game once it is completed. I am enjoying the little bit we have now to play around with, and I am certain there will be more to enjoy with each update that is released. I am not going to knock the game for having bugs or crashes, or having things that simply dont' work (at the time of this review, Cafes don't work properly - which is going to change). The only thing I will knock about the game is the price, even then it is hard to criticize the price because I know at some point here in the near future, there will be enough content that merits it.If you enjoy games like this, and want to help the Dev team out, pick it up. If you are patient, willing to deal with crashes, bugs, and the like, pick it up. Even though there is not much to do yet, there is enough to keep me playing. And as things get added, taken away, expanded upon, improved upon...that is oinly going to increase the amount of time I give this game.The graphics aren't the best, and they don't have to be. I know some people have compared SimAirport to Airport CEO, which are similar in a lot of ways, but also vastly different. This game has potential, it has a lot of things going for it that makes me believe it will be an asbolute pleasure to play once it is completely finished. But I am not going to wait until the end product to enjoy it, oh no no. I am going to be there every update, sending feedback, and watching the game grow into its' own.I know this hasn't been much of a review, but that's because this game is going to change, which means my review about the current state of the game won't mean much a week, a month, or two months down the line. So either pick up the game, enjoy the little content and help the Dev team by sending feedback; or wait until it is done. Either way, have a safe flight."
,Recommended,598330,30547738,Posted: 16 March,all,ScRiTeX,:)
76561198100957625,Recommended,598330,32356817,Posted: 11 June,all,SAUBER_KH7,"This is a really fun game where you can build your airport from the ground up. I personally enjoy the sand box very much as it allows me to unleash my creativity with out worrying about going over budget. I also enjoy the new additions added every patch. There are so many changes that I have to start over from time to time. But the sand box helps this fresh starter and allows me to build on new features that did not exist in previous versions. I am looking forward to the future, for the full release when it comes. I wish the dev team all the best!"
76561198014444239,Recommended,598330,30697811,Posted: 23 March,all,Wildcard,"This game is full of potential and I can't wait to see it fleshed out more.I travel lots and this game captures the feeling of being poked and prodded by the airport system.It's still Early, so be warned, but it's definitely worth supporting.(Please add Monorails or other forms of Airport Transit, Customs Enforcement and shops!)"
,Recommended,598330,32664478,Posted: 22 June,all,JDeadwood,"this game is a lot of fun every month a update comes out, they ask what we want and they try to get it in to the game."
,Recommended,598330,32675374,Posted: 23 June,all,Glengoolie for the best of times,"I bought this game a while back (I liked Prison Architect and get a hard on for planes) and play it on and off.  Whilst is not a perfect game and certainly has its issues, one thing stands out: the devs genuinely listen to feedback and fix issues.  Its reassuring that when I am able to get a chance to play (which with shift work is now less and less), I dont feel disappointed but excited look to see which bugs they've fixed and what new features are added.Tl;Dr: Yes its early access; yes theres bugs; BUT its damn good fun if you like these types of games and the Game Devs actually fix stuff so it wont stay broke for long"
,Recommended,598330,32654216,Posted: 22 June,all,pchuenkg.exe_has_stopped_working,"Great game, you will love it if you love prison architect. When I bought it, it wasn't good at all, because it's early access, and is great that the game developer is constantly add new things and fixing bugs, you always got new things to do."
76561198053972017,Recommended,598330,32356030,Posted: 11 June,all,socialgamer,"I am fortunate to work in game product management so have a perspective around the overall amazing depth and mechanics however, as a gamer, SimAirport is just fun. Believe I've clocked 70 hours in about 4 weeks and my pursuit of a profitable mega-airport and what feels like daily updates by the dev teams makes this a solid title."
,Recommended,598330,32302324,Posted: 9 June,all,mlgcookie17 skinhub.com,I'm obsessed with playing this game so much and I would highly recommend you guys getting it!!
,Recommended,598330,31615154,Posted: 7 May,all,brookster,"This game is pretty good, and has a lot of ways in which it can still be expanded. My only gripe about it was how laggy it was, but that has been MUCH better since the last update."
76561198204513579,Recommended,598330,30517244,Posted: 14 March,all,AbidFireGuy,"Overall it look promising despite many bugs it has, I do feel it being rushed, but none the less very fun when you sucessfully make it through 6 days of mangaing and airport. Although it would be nice if the tutorial got released soon."
,Not Recommended,598330,33193552,Posted: 3 July,all,Procrastinator Adam,Wasn't fun
,Recommended,598330,33750010,Posted: 23 July,all,JuniperSam,"This is Prison Architect for Airports, I love them both. This shows very big potential!"
,Recommended,598330,30534303,Posted: 15 March,all,Rspinelle,This game lags once in a while when weather is in effect can you fix it please alsolooks like prision archetect BUT with airplanes and WHERE ARE THE CHEIFS THAT COOK FOOD WHERE ARE THAY M8 also how do you secure the airport any tips
,Recommended,598330,31408545,Posted: 27 April,all,Fletch,"Fantastic so far. SimAirport is a true simulation and management game. It offers an excellent balance of challenge, efficiency optimisation and player progression.The developers definitely have an understanding of the economics of running an airport and even if you don't, you will quickly become immersed in the mechanics.SimAirport gives players a wealth of mechanics to alter and tailor their gameplay experience to their own tempo. Players have the ability to customise their flight schedules, choose which flight contracts to take, what size planes land at the airport and which gate the planes land at amongst many other things.Different size planes carry more passangers, with more passangers comes greater efficiency challenges which can be overcome through managing your schedules, adding more ticketing desks, optimising your security, adding more service staff to boarding gates etc.SimAirport has all the functional elements in to be able to run your very own Airport business and will hopefully just get better as Early Access goes on.If you are familiar with Prison Architect style games you will love this.Pros:- Functional base game mechanics. Baggage, flights, passengers, retail system, garbage, storage, offices for staff.- Queueing system is excellent once you learn how to do it. (You can assign service desks to queues, otherwise customers ignore the queues)- Excellent, simple schedule interface for managing flights and gates.- Passengers give visible feedback on things affecting them like ""ARGH"" when they have missed their flight, ""no staff?"" when they did not get served at a cafe in time etc.- Choice of flights and planes that arrive at your airport. Each plan has different passenger capacity.-Different airlines have different plan visuals, they are neat.- Lots of efficiency optimisation and progression mechanics which feel fluid and structured without being linear- Functioning research system, albeit very limited at the moment.- Simple staff system, you just plop them and they do their jobs without having to micro-manage.- There is a cost to firing staff, making your business and staffing choices more valuable.- Immersive sound effects and visuals- The animation when a gate attaches to a landed plane is radical.- Warnings and clear signals as to why something isn't working.Cons:- No tutorial at the time of review. This will be a barrier to new players to the genre. If you aren't familiar with mechanics of Prison Architect style games you will have trouble getting your head around the game, how to build etc. Also limited fan-made tutorials on youtube/internet as the game is new.- You will fail your first few airports while learning how everything comes together.- Only way to deal with larger amounts of passengers is to add lots of boarding/gate desks for each gate which feels a bit clumsy. In order to board an A380 (~550 passengers) you need about 5 boarding desks to board in a decent time frame. This is also the case with cafe's and cash registers. A suggestion would be research to check people on faster or more efficient/higher tiered vewrsions of service desks and gate desks or an ""online check-in"" research.- It's Early Access. More features should be on the way. I'd say the price is worth it but a part of that includes an expectation of expanded features. There's no guarentee of that."
76561198155709768,Recommended,598330,33148688,Posted: 2 July,all,nont.ku,WHY IS THIS SO ADDICTING neat and hard I LIKE IT!
76561198336058312,Recommended,598330,31124971,Posted: 13 April,all,jrpetrak02,Overall amazing.  Lot of bugs but that's to be expected.  This game has a lot of ponential and I can't wait to see where they go from here
76561198260942299,Recommended,598330,31013539,Posted: 8 April,all,martincool17,Very good game will be better as fixs come.
,Recommended,598330,31354461,Posted: 25 April,all,Moogle,"I figured out how to generate lots of money and improve on airline interest!You see, you just need to overcrowd your airport and distract your passengers with cafes, lots of them, so that they will forget about their flight and go Argh! as it departs. You may end up with a small impact of frustration but too little to be concerned since you have thousands of passengers at the airport anyways.So how exactly does that improve airline interest? Well I guess I ensured they get to depart on time so that they get to charge their no-show customers extra for a separate flight ;)"
76561198007233086,Not Recommended,598330,30966831,Posted: 5 April,all,jennarivo,"This game has great potential, however it is not worth the price tag at the moment.  There is not enough content but the biggest issue by far is the lag it is making my airport almost unplayable and i only have about 500-1000 passengers in it at a time.  Do not buy until the lag is sorted.Updated 23 Aug.  The lag situation has improved, but, there is still little content.  Needs more behind the scenes / support services, at the moment passengers just come and go and that's about it."
76561198083302891,Recommended,598330,30518422,Posted: 14 March,all,ElPablo,"It's been a loooonnng time since i've found a game this addictive. No, there's *never* been a game that i've found so addictive. Factorio can't suffice, nor can Prison Architect. Is there bugs now? Yes. Should it have released in a week or two from this post? Yes. But with significant patches and endless replay oppurtunity now, I can't imagine what it'll be in a month or two. $20 is a little much, but considering i've clocked 11 hours after playing for one day (which is more hours than i've clocked on steam in a month), at least to my fellow management/city builder fans, this is 8/8 r8 g8 m8."
76561198080527460,Not Recommended,598330,30996347,Posted: 7 April,all,jdroberts43,"The bigger the airport the worse the lagg, also 20$ price tag is pretty steep considering what you actually get at this point .however Once this game has been out awhile ,I am sure it will be amazing if the devs keep up on adding fixes and basic content . I would love to able to zone more than one pickup dropoff zone ,and have more  highway accsess ponits then just in front of the airport .I would save my money at this point but check back in a couple months ,This game is great it is just not really ready to play ."
,Recommended,598330,31563875,Posted: 5 May,all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,"This build airport game really killing my time, and play too long make it boring..but not too lol, so if you want this game, just wait it when this game on sale :pPros: 2D, and can hear the air plan flight, good simulation game.Con: cannot rotate the map.., less furniture and fitur, STUCK ppl are annoying in this game... but if you have a right way that STUCK things can resolve.I rate 7/10"
,Recommended,598330,30879880,Posted: 1 April,all,Keviin074,Great game! Much potential to be a great Sim.Lucky enough the Dev's are bringing out updates every week..If you like Sim-Games (like PrisonArchitect) i recommended you this game!
76561198172596999,Recommended,598330,33776295,Posted: 24 July,all,Speedy7809,perfect game if you love managing airports it is so good that i have played 19.9 hours in the last two weeks
,Recommended,598330,33605905,Posted: 17 July,all,keltobin,"The Dev is doing a great job of updating.  I've really enjoyed this challenging game.  One caveat, it has a steep learning curve."
,Recommended,598330,31109072,Posted: 12 April,all,ionko,"I'm having a good time with this. The developer's engagement on forums, support and constant updates is what sold me to buy my very first early access game.The downside is that after you grow your Airport a bit and have 1000+ visitors the game becomes unplayable due to lag. I understand it's a common issue for this type of game and optimization comes later for good reasons, I just want people to know that you should treat this as a very, very good demo of the early game.Once this is polished I feel that it would be one of those gems that you can sink in 100 hours and not feel bad about it."
76561198062945315,Recommended,598330,35457591,Posted: 3 October,all,PumpkinParty,"The gameplay overall is very satisfying and  can be a fun relaxed grind but the only gripe I have abput this game is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t baggage system which i completely wack to the point where you can't get anything to work with the conveyer belt system and how it can't ever seem to connect to a damn baggage carousel even though the endpoints are facing the same way the game is just being annoying. Hoopefuly that gets fixed or there is a button where you clikc and it goes to a more relaxed version of the game or just fix the damn system but other than that I would say the game is a little too much (in my opinion it should only cost $9.99-$14.99), and crashes can occur. Last the worshop support really deos improve this game and gives it the same feel of prison architect except that game you could actually hook things up with ease and this one your lucky if you don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off trying to make/fix that damn baggage system."
,Recommended,598330,31256539,Posted: 20 April,all,Dangerous Tangerine,ARGH
,Recommended,598330,31806263,Posted: 17 May,all,PHELKO,"Pretty good, but has a long way to go to being a top notch game!"
76561198134795014,Not Recommended,598330,31960953,Posted: 25 May,all,Castaway1115,This game is incredibly overpriced at the moment. The game has a lot of potential but I feel like it's just very empty. At 6hrs play time I'm already bored and out of things to do. I recommend waiting a bit longer to purchase until more development has been done.
,Not Recommended,598330,30748449,Posted: 26 March,all,Ozmotix,Good idea but too incomplete and buggy even for early access
76561197965553442,Recommended,598330,30485738,Posted: 12 March,all,Ricardo,"A lot of bugs atm, but the team is working hard on patching the game!Very promising."
,Recommended,598330,30419509,Posted: 9 March,all,Guttie,"i'm 50/50 on this game. good potential, but needs alot of refining"
,Recommended,598330,30420043,Posted: 9 March,all,DankSloth420NoScope@pvpro.com,this game is good but the ai sucks balls
76561198021616097,Recommended,598330,30731763,Posted: 25 March,all,stewart360,"Quick review- Prison Architect, only with airport building.- Super addictive & fun tycoon style game.- THIS GAME IS AN ALPHA! Game is/was full of bugs, Dev's patch the game on a near daily basis, which is amazing.- Game is playable, currently without any major game breaking bugs.- Support these amazing dev's, buy the game!"
,Recommended,598330,30526854,Posted: 15 March,all,John Wick,"Early AccessThe game has alot of bugs like people getting stuck in fron of desks and id-checks. Staff salaries getting paid more than once a day. Luggage belts can't cross each other or join into larger luggage system.Right now this is a very interesting game and the devs are on the bugs like white on rice. There are i think daily patches which tells me that the level of dedication from the devs is GOOD.If the game type intrigues you and you don't mind going thru the EA stage, perhaps help the de-bugging process then this is a game for you.If you don't like bugs, then i suggest you put it on your Wish List and check in from time to time!"
,Not Recommended,598330,30534852,Posted: 15 March,all,Dynastron,Gamebreaking bugs abound. Good luck playing more than 20 minutes without horrible game corruption and crashes. Will upgrade my rating when fixed.
,Recommended,598330,30679673,Posted: 22 March,all,stankiem,"Fun game, good management aspects, fun infrastructure planning and building aspects.  Lots of bugs, but none that have completely broken the game for me once I figured a way around them.  They are patching very fast so hopefully alll of these are taken care of soon."
,Recommended,598330,35453857,Posted: 3 October,all,grahamecase,"It's actually unimaginable that this is an Early access game, it is playable even in it's current unfinished state.I've played over 100 hours so far on the game's EDGE branch, and enjoyed every minute of it.The development team are quick at responding to questions on the Steam Forums and receptive to suggestions for improvements,If it's this good as an Early Access the finished game is going to be awesome.Save yourself some money and buy it while still an early access game"
,Recommended,598330,31700707,Posted: 12 May,all,valar morghulis,"This is the game what I've been looking for! Even it comes in 2D animation, SimAirport gameplay is what I want from airport simulator, we really running an airport with this game. Because now it still early access, I want to share what dev may add in future:- Travelator: really need this for a long terminal building- Baggage conveyor with elevation. Because in real-life, those baggage conveyor is installed in several height level- Shops! We need more variation of commercial inside terminal. Like perfume, fashion, etc.- Multi-level terminal. Mostly airport in the world has departure and arrival in separate level.- Signage (for accecories)And many many more that can be added to this game."
76561198024053507,Recommended,598330,30428944,Posted: 10 March,all,Cuddlypanda,This game has a lot of potential and i think in a year or to if the devs stay at it it'll be amazing
76561198080808966,Not Recommended,598330,33663740,Posted: 19 July,all,mvs1010,Was good until the last update. Now everything jitters and the passengers board super slowly making everything late and the game impossible to play. Won't be playing again unless something changes.
76561198046799327,Not Recommended,598330,30398388,Posted: 8 March,all,David0919,"Please keep in mind that I've payed for the game to support the devs. But I feel that the game is not even demo-worthy at the moment. If this were a demo by some devs that want to impress me to invest in their game, it would be a definitive no for me. It feels unready.The potential is great, the game looks good. But it won't even save my graphic settings! Let alone, it crashed in 5 minutes because there were too many passengers.. Might recommend it for later.Devs, please make it playable and ready to be demo worthy, I'll try again :)"
76561198105370290,Not Recommended,598330,34081891,Posted: 7 August,all,SantaLovesBanta,"Very basic and not very well put together. Everything seems very clunky and rushed. The game also takes a worrying amount of inspiration from Prison Architect, so much so that I had to check to make sure they weren't developed by the same group. Maybe one day it will be good but not worth nearly £20 currently."
76561198029818396,Recommended,598330,31983842,Posted: 26 May,all,GrenadesAndHamm,Excellent game.  Amazing developer.
76561198182295035,Not Recommended,598330,31760098,Posted: 14 May,all,stian.hjornevik,"you run an airport.there are some  flaws:bagage system is de facto limited to one system. If you add a second system the bags are sent to random terminals, and your crew will have to switch each bag that is missplaced, (By chance 50 % of the bags 100 % of the time). Good luck keeping the schedule now.The tool for buying land is Broken. If I buy a strip of land next to a existing wall i pay 100%, if I increase to two lines i pay between 250  and 300 %. This means Theat if you dont build walls in one line segments building becomes extreamly expencive.Where prison architect made the game challanging by adding content(different rooms),  SimAirport is challanging based on building costs (the price of foundation). I realize the game is in alfa. But let me play a alpha game and foundate cheap. Dont extend gameplay time with big foundation costspeople in the cafeteria dont que up. Minor complaint, but it had been cool if the people formed in line instead of having 10 cafe goers standing in top of each other."
,Recommended,598330,30401788,Posted: 8 March,all,Hoffee,"If you're used to polished and perfect games with no issues, don't buy an early access game...period.  I'm tired of reading reviews ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on a game that isn't finished.  However, those of us who like to be trailblazers, have input in a game we enjoy, and love airline/airport, and sim games find this game very promising.  This is not for the lazy gamers that require instructions, dislike problem-solving, etc.  It's not easy--then again, I find that the most enjoyable games usually are not.  As long as the developers don't get lazy and call it quits after a while, I consider it to be money well spent.  I look forward to participate in the evolution of a game from the ground up.  It will be the first time I have done so."
76561198278369427,Not Recommended,598330,30377897,Posted: 7 March,all,matthewpoll,"When trying to navigate around the airport, by dragging the mouse into the corner of the screen, it is very sluggish and slow to move. Passengers got stuck for no reason and just stayed completely still (obviously a bug), this also happened when trying to enter the toilets too.This game lacks any depth and becomes repetitive quickly, I was bored within 50 mins."
76561198254497664,Not Recommended,598330,30384384,Posted: 7 March,all,Merlinskeeper,No tutorial yet plus career mode seemed like there was nothing left to build but a food area
,Not Recommended,598330,30929424,Posted: 3 April,all,michaellynch1234,good but way to laggy when you have a large airport
,Not Recommended,598330,30418087,Posted: 9 March,all,Kyneptic,"No, not enough content right now to be worth $20, I would say $10 maybe."
,Recommended,598330,30366318,Posted: 6 March,all,Figazza,"This game has a lot of potential, the devs are great and have been working on updates since launch. Every week has lots of updates with awesome improvements. You should buy it if you love games that take their community seriously."
76561198025373248,Not Recommended,598330,30579089,Posted: 17 March,all,atisfix,"I really would like to LOVE this game but as others also mentioned before the game is full of extreme bugs. Peope and staff get stuck everywhere (toilets, cafes, randomly anywhere) even more than 600 people were waiting in line at my cafe cashier finaly the game started to lag and crashed and exited.Also I find extremely difficult to generate enoght income to expand my airport.I will wait for a few weeks for some new bug fixes and I may change my opinion."
76561198018371850,Recommended,598330,30376161,Posted: 7 March,all,VostokMercenary,"I study Aviation/Airport management and I know this is not a hardcore sim (Cant calculate dwell time or level of service etc), BUT it does give a nice overview of basic airport design with all its components.-And the obvious comparison with Prison Architect which is not a bad thing.It is playable but there are bugs (As the devs clearly stated which is good) such as, FPS drops and certain functions being temperamental like the queues and baggage linking systems. The UI is nice and simple to use, I like that the aircraft have real names (B777, B1900D, B707 Etc) and construction is fairly easy to understand.It has great potential and will surely be a great game and it seems to be updated steadily already.(I would say that the price is a little for this ealry stage EA game)*I would like to see various runway lengths though and the use of rapid exits on runways, also more accurate gate markings (They are on there but the aircraft just pull up regardless of where their nose wheel should be)"
,Not Recommended,598330,31295278,Posted: 22 April,all,ShadowStorm,"I will most likely try this again, once propper starting instructions/tutorials have been added. This feels quite the same as Prison Architect. And that game grew quite a bit since it's first appearance. So for now. I'll wait, the game is pricy for what it gives. Though, I'll be sure to keep track of its progress, as time moves on. But only time can tell whether this game will eventually be worth buying, or not."
,Not Recommended,598330,30434434,Posted: 10 March,all,Dobby,"~Will review when updated more~I wanted this game to be perfect so bad, There is so much potential and even after the first 5 minutes you can see that this will be a good game but it is so buggy at the moment. An airport management game is the one tycoon game i have been missing. I love the fact you can decide what flights come in and when. I love the fact you can even have conveyor belts for luggage and i especially love the fact that there are secure areas just like a real airport but after some time i realised the game just isnt worth bothering with until some serious updates are rolled out. One thing that is irritating me so much is the fact i can't save my game. I was able to save it when i just got started but now i have put some time and thought into it, the game refuses to save. (Saving constantly then nothing)The AI needs some serious work, Getting stuck on walls, Vehicles and just never leaving the airport. This game could and probably will be worth the money they are asking for but right now there is no point. Its games like this that make me hate Early Access."
,Not Recommended,598330,31276099,Posted: 21 April,all,kahkidd_ng,Still have many bugs. too early for release and access to the game. Guys save your money for other games until this game is fully ready
,Not Recommended,598330,31180901,Posted: 16 April,all,Questic,"It is definitely not worth CA$21.99, as an uncomplete early access game with so many bugs and deadlocks. Passengers always stuck for no reason. Sometimes aircrafts just go directly through each other. UI contents sometimes don't show up properly. Moreover and the most ridiculous one, whenever I exit the game, system dialog comes up, saying ""SimAirport stopped"" like a program crash. Overall, it's UNCOMPLETE and I would NOT recommend this game until these severe bugs and problems are fixed."
76561198043159516,Recommended,598330,31457591,Posted: 30 April,all,Lou Dollar,This game soo addicting I lost track of time. It has so much potential. I can't wait to see what else they add to the game.
76561198053194089,Not Recommended,598330,30760576,Posted: 26 March,all,Koteykin,"This game is very interesting, but I don't know how did you do a stress test, but game has a freezes at time"
,Not Recommended,598330,31317556,Posted: 23 April,all,WeiCong436,The Game very laggy
76561198331100846,Recommended,598330,31672775,Posted: 10 May,all,connorjohnston8,this game is awesome i just have a problem with updating it.
,Recommended,598330,30570179,Posted: 17 March,all,Rookj,"In the beginning there where some serious bugs, but the hard work every day from the devs ( Other developers can learn from that ), made the game good now.A big +++ for their activity on the forums as well daily.The latest patch from an hour ago made the game for me bug free"
,Recommended,598330,30494912,Posted: 13 March,all,Baked Ziti,"Recommended with typical reservations of an early access game.  I give it a recommendation because I really love the core concept of the game.  The parts that do work are fun and I find great enjoyment of designing and building an airport.It is by no means close to being a stable, complete game in it's current form.  The game has bugs that need fixing and it definitely feels like the developer released the game in it's current state to get the needed play testers required to discover all the bugs. With that said, I appreciate that the development team is active in the discussion boards and seems dedicated to communicate with those experiencing issues.  Patches have been released at a steady clip and I'm confident that in a week or two, many of the game breaking bugs will be worked out.Those who wish to wait for a less buggy game, I'd say come back in early April.  Those who like the concept and style and will also enjoy tinkering with a game in active development with a dedicated developer actively patching and improving a game... I give this game a thumbs up."
76561198007848054,Recommended,598330,30429955,Posted: 10 March,all,Seyaku-Brad,"I like where this is going, not quite ready but its got a lot of potential. Fun little game if your a fan of the old airline/airport tycoon series. Plus its buy the guys that made the architect series so a lot mod fun to be had."
,Recommended,598330,30376377,Posted: 7 March,all,[GLS] Blitz,"-==+==New Review==+==-Simairport fits to its title but theres still a few issues. So to get started it still has a bit of game balancing to fix. The ammount of bugs is a bit much but they are shooting them down quickly. I have not had too many issues with bugs in my experience but, thats just me. The game has about 2-3 Hours worth of content if you work hard to really do everything and do it somewhat well. It is not that begginer friendly unless you pick up things fast. It is lacking a few features that are definatly needs for the game but you can get arround that with 10-30min of failures. Overall by this update you will be able to get 4-6 Hours of total content and 25-40 min will be more on the boring side. Also they arn't adding more content there just fixing bugs so we are seeing 1-2 weeks untill more content by my best guess. So heres my compiled report of all of that information.Pros- 1+ Patches A Day- New Experience- Dilligent working devs- Great Community- Devs are active in the community- A amazing potentialCons- Bugged- Lack of content- 6-8 hours of gameplay- High boringness to fun ratio about a 1/12I would rate it a 3.4 Boltz I would recomend to get it now and realize that the game will grow.-==+==Old Review==+==-Sim airport is an amazing game and totaly is worth it. Now I hoped that it would have costed 10-15 but I still bought it. So here are my pros and cons.Pros:-Its subgenre is covered by no other game-Lots of possiblities-Devs are active in the community-Strong CommunityCons:-Lots of bugs with saving and loading along with other stuff that i have not experinced-No tutorial(Its on its second day of Early Access so cut it some slack)"
76561198049167158,Recommended,598330,30435083,Posted: 10 March,all,wanyfer,Game has great potential but its in an early state i recomend it only to those that want to take the long haul with the devs if you expect a game full of content and bug free stay away otherwise its a must have
,Recommended,598330,32930215,Posted: 28 June,all,moicel,What a great game.
76561198038965637,Recommended,598330,30393758,Posted: 8 March,all,The_Fat_Oracle,"It's buggy, it's laggy, it's a bit of a mess, but it's a good start. I feel this game has a lot of potential, which is why i bought it. People below are moaning and groaning about all the problems, but the dev did say, that the game was gonna be like that. So far, i've actually really enjoyed playing it, it's interesting to follow people through the airport, and watch what they do. There are quite a few route finding issues that lead to frustration, and the conveyers seem to delete themselves whenever i load a game, but the games still pretty fun. I personally think that 19 quid is way too much for a game in this state, but then again, this game will develop in the future, and i think it'll be pretty good, considering how well the devs are doing so far. I dont really recommend buying the game at this point in time, mainly due to the price, but if you like games like prison architect, this game seems to replicate it's graphics and it's systems and mechanics to some degree.Well done devs, it's a good start :)"
,Recommended,598330,33059236,Posted: 30 June,all,Curpling,"Slightly heavy on the performance side. But overall, brilliant game! You can make it easy for you, or go all out with all the automation available in a modern airport!"
,Recommended,598330,32904005,Posted: 27 June,all,Winrar Dinrar,"Good Game, but not much to do at the moment of review."
,Recommended,598330,33381447,Posted: 8 July,all,abo.elreda.96,"Its a GOOD FANTASTIC Game with a pretty genius ideas and i really really recommend it ..but there's only one problem with the ""Baggages"" and the ""conveyor Line"" connecting !! i did it but i still dont know how does it work or how to do it in the next time"
76561198128943133,Not Recommended,598330,31139813,Posted: 14 April,all,Equinox,"I know it's early access, but as it is now, there's just not enough content in this game to keep you hooked. Once you realize how it works, you'll probably need like 2 hours of playtime and you've seen everything. As it is early access, maybe they'll add more, but even if, I don't see how new plane types or some more furniture items would make this more interesting. Once your airport is set up and making profits, there's just nothing left to do but watching passengers board the planes (if they don't get stuck somewhere due to pathfinding bugs that is).Summary:>20 Euros for this game is a hoax. For like 5€ you can waste a couple of hours if you like building games. So wait for a sale if you really want to try it.Difficulty - 1/10 (very easy, for casual gamers)Replayability - 0/10 (no point in placing the same 10 objects/buildings again if you've done it once)Fun - 4/10 (took me a few attempts to build the airport in a way where it's operating smoothly)Dev support - 6/10 (they do reply frequently to problems, but repeat standard replies)Value for money - 1/10 (way too expensive for this small casual game)"
,Not Recommended,598330,30547338,Posted: 16 March,all,the-white-stripe,"While I understand this is Early Access, and their are bound to be bugs, problems and glitches, and yes the idea is a good one, this game has been released far too early.Not once have I been able to get a few minutes without a glitch, routing is terrible, I can't see how this can be available for purchase and has obviously not been tested before release as the most basic operation is glitched, not to mention the whole of the ""Cafe"" idea which just sends everything into a melt down of frozen workers and customers causing an extreme lag.Unfortunately my patience of three hours play won't allow me to return this, after trying and trying to find ways around it and new updates, I'd really advise against purchase until things start to look up and it will work for a basic level entry game, and that's before they get any in depth mechanics going on here."
76561198002017380,Recommended,598330,31625542,Posted: 8 May,all,AcidicPaper,"SimAirport is a strangely addictive title, being an Early Access game there are still plenty of in-game bugs that I have no doubt that the devs are working on resolving. Despite this, SimAiport is more importantly, an enjoyable title. Fans of Prison Architect will love this game equally, and I highly recommend it to anyone."
76561198028105812,Not Recommended,598330,31232572,Posted: 19 April,all,denis,"This game have a huge problem with performance. Sometimes it turns to slideshow. And it is unpredictable. Game may slow down when you have many passengers on map or during construction works or if play more hour. I think something in AI is not optimized yet.SimAirport is construction and management simulator like Prison Architect, Gnomoria, Dwarf Fortress or Besiege.I recommend to play these games, until devs solve problems with performance."
,Recommended,598330,31824543,Posted: 18 May,all,Hat05,it's like prison architect had sex with a airport and building then had birth to this
,Recommended,598330,33124452,Posted: 2 July,all,JustNoHacks,"Great game, I hope they add more features in the future."
76561198066972245,Not Recommended,598330,31318484,Posted: 23 April,all,searchingforbananafish,"This is a very disappointing Beta version of the game. I have purchased, and enjoyed, several games still in Beta version before and so going in was very aware that the game wouldn't be finished, and that lots of content would still need to be added and bugs fixed. However, unlike other games in Beta like Prison Architect or Rimworld where you get a great base game to enjoy, and them interesting new content every few months added in, SimAirport does not do that. The game is currently so lacking in content that it is incredibly boring after a few hours, there are loads of bugs, and the restaurant aspect does not work properly. The game runs very badly, so that it freezes as soon as you have an airport with too much content in it.I am very disappointed and feel that for the price it is a complete rip-off as there is so little in the game at this stage. I think the developers got greedy and launched the game in Beta too quickly - it simply isn't up to the normal standard of game we would expect to see even in the Beta version."
76561198020970331,Recommended,598330,30756606,Posted: 26 March,all,glennj_2005,"Well i got this game even after reading the negative review.As some have said after only a few hours I have used all elements of the game. however i this this has potetial it looks and feels very similer to Prison Arcitect which was a game i really liked.once the devs have fixed the bugs and implemented new ideas as well as improve what is here this will be great.still loads to do, for exmaple costomes and cargo flights, airport police and fire department. duty free (big Retail) resterants and pubs. domstic and international terminals. there is loads that could still go in. hope to see it all evolve.its a bit steep in price but as long as the updates and new contet keep coming I have no issue with the price."
76561198204993445,Recommended,598330,31068719,Posted: 10 April,all,tootiecornet4,"Ok, First of all, Amazing game. Incredible for such a small game to have me invest so much time ( in one day might i add..) into it. The game is very interesting and has a relatively quirky and intruging art style, fun mechanics and overall has lots of good features. However it is in some areas lacking something that is hard to distiguish. Some of the things i would like to see improved on; A main menu system rather than booting you into your previous save. A 'sandbox' mode, and some texture glitches fixed. One of my main gripes is that, into the late game, when you have established a good airport, FPS seems to fluctuate erratically and can sometimes become unplayable at around 5 - 10 FPS. I cant tell whether this is caused from the number of passengers, or something else, but it is something to be aware of.Pros:Good graphicsConstistantly evolving worldTime consuming - could be a con.Challenging at timesmethodical ThinkingCons:Frame Loss in late gameLacking a main menuTexture GlitchesPlanes having trouble on Runway - getting stuck between other planes on taxiways.Small plot of land - Possible to expand outwards perhaps?Score: 7/10 - A Good Enjoyable GameOverview: Lots of potential for this game, and hopefully the devs will continue to create more towards this little gem and fix up some of the issues and add more on. At its current price I wouldnt say it is far off, but at £18.99 it isnt worth that much as of yet. However if some more patches come along and it gets a main menu, then i would strongly recommend picking this one up."
76561198024087424,Not Recommended,598330,30970122,Posted: 5 April,all,wyvernspirit,Be very careful with this game. I have a Mac that is significantly faster than the minimum requirements and it runs like a dog. It gets worse over time. I recommend waiting to see if they improve its performance down the line.
,Recommended,598330,32108934,Posted: 1 June,all,AKARI,walaupun masih banyak bugtapi mayan lah daripada nggak ada
76561198199158662,Not Recommended,598330,33839182,Posted: 27 July,all,joel_mb1,A small airport works fine. Once you build a bigger airport the game starts lagging. I can't even play at this moment because it's so slow. Building or demolishing things takes ages and graphics are looking like 1 frame a minute. Not kidding. No fun to 'play' at all! Hope this will get better in the next update otherwise I really regret buying this game.
,Recommended,598330,30446493,Posted: 11 March,all,alexei17,>Creates a small cafe> All passengers rush to it> The food workers are autists who aren't doing anything> All passengers are idiots and are late for their flightThere are a lot of annoying bugs and lag spikes for this game but it has great potential. I think in about a year or so this game will be epic.
,Not Recommended,598330,30718993,Posted: 24 March,all,Maddie  McCann,"This game is fun and will keep you busy for a long time, but as it is right now it isent worth the money, the game has FAR too many problems to be released even for early access, simple things like planes being constantly stuck on the runway essentually making the entire airport you spent 2 hrs building useless, i will update this review as time goes on but i simply cannot recommend this game to anyone till it gets fixed big-time..."
76561198026572161,Recommended,598330,30365970,Posted: 6 March,all,LongStyle,"Update:  Its been less than 12 hours and the developers have already released a patch.  This just goes to show how committed they are. I decided to switch my review to recommend because I want people to give this game a shot  and support the developers.As much as I would love to recommend this game. In its current state with the current price I would have to say hold off a little while until the bugs are fixed.  Considering this is still not a finished product, new indie studio, I would say it is worth 10 dollars. This game has a lot of potential though...The developers really seem to care about this game judging by their reddit conversations and constantly pushed back hour by hour the day of release (probably trying to squash last minute bugs or something).In its current state, it is hard to play because of the bugs I encountered. The first bug I came accross was sound. After about 20 minutes the sound became gritty and jumbled, i had to turn it down. Also the game became unresponsive, seemed like some kind of memory leak, I had to kill the process..However; the gameplay was ok. It was not super deep but it was enjoyable (deep enough for early access) and I can see myself sinking a few hours into this.  I was only able to play 20 minutes so I cant comment too much about gameplay.  Basically you make contracts with airlines to come at a certain time. Near that time you get a boat-load of passengers arriving to your airport. Tt was quite a challenge keeping them all happy. A lot of them angry because I was taking such a long time givng out tickets.. lol.Graphics wise, it is almost similar to prison architect and/or rim world. I love how the simulation/animation of the different characters work. I like the detail they put into patrons getting in line and buying food. Going through security.  I liked the day/night cycles. These little details make gameplay so much better. The only thing I noticed that bugged me was that the workers do not really seem to move around. They just seem like static sprites. Like the security team just stays at one spot. The ticket guys stay in one spot etc. The janitors do however move around.  I also thought the UI was a bit simplistic and clunky, but maybe thats just me because I like detailed UI's with tons of info from all sides (think paradox interactive games)Overall this is a good idea and I can see it taking off with a bit more cleanup and additions.  I want to encourage the developer to not give up and keep going."
,Not Recommended,598330,30402640,Posted: 8 March,all,DragonLight,"Due to the amount of bugs I'd say the developers just started making this ""game"" last week. Don't bother with this one until it hits the real ""Early Access"" sometime next year."
76561198007777845,Not Recommended,598330,30575288,Posted: 17 March,all,symf01,"Shame lots of bugs , great concept if it was finished and playable would be a great game , please fix these bugs !!!"
76561198040766743,Recommended,598330,30403524,Posted: 8 March,all,DentistDude,"I was a big prison architect fan but didnt really dig the whole prison thing. So far, so good. Hope they add more stuff!"
76561198041184050,Not Recommended,598330,30410293,Posted: 9 March,all,smoker82,Way too Buggy to play right now
76561198312095932,Recommended,598330,30438213,Posted: 10 March,all,epiclolyay,"Really good game only crahses and bugs are still everywhere because it's in early access but, apart from that it's worth the money."
76561198068303086,Recommended,598330,32508724,Posted: 17 June,all,lenin,"its fun, i bet it will get better with more time"
76561198002189495,Recommended,598330,30368110,Posted: 6 March,all,rovaira2,"EDIT..They've now had at least 3 updates, and the game is running pretty nicely. :)This game is awesome. :) I recommend if you like Sim games and are somewhat experienced with these games as there isn't a real tutorial yet. It's pretty easy to figure out though. I can see myself playing this for a LONG time as it deveops more and even as it stands now.Setting up queues are important, as not making them will cause your passengers to congregate, and as there are a LOT of passengers. You want to keep the flow moving by hiring enough workers, setting up queues, buying equipment, etc. (TIP: To set up queus hold down the left mouse button and drag the queue line until your done. Then click the station, and click assign to assign it to that queue.)You also set up contracts with airlines, adjust the schedule for those flights, expand your airport, hire workers, etc. There is also a small research tree which I expect will expand over time.The airlines start to gain or lose interest depending on how you are meeting demands of the airlines, and passengers happiness. This is a pretty sweet feature. After starting my 3rd game I met the demand, and passengers moved smoothly and departed. The airlines gained interest, and now I have more contract offers. I also upgraded my runway with lights for night flights. :)It's really cool to see all the passengers roaming about, and the customization options I can setup. :) This is a definite buy if you like Sim and management type games! :) Also this game seems well made, and runs very nicely for early access; I love it."
76561198311450289,Recommended,598330,33992162,Posted: 3 August,all,m.hartog01,the need to add a sandbox
76561198326466736,Recommended,598330,34836856,Posted: 9 September,all,Bluebananas,This game is my dreams x20 5 stars this is a must heve for all Airport lovers. I personaly think this game is good and it is still in the works!!! I think this game has a bright future ahead of it as it is not even complete
76561198081784809,Recommended,598330,35209549,Posted: 25 September,all,Cuzzystyle,"Good game although very laggy on 10x speed and needs some polishing, understand it’s still in early access, but being as it’s near to release, the game needs to be optimised, and fast, otherwise it’s a awesome game :)"
76561198152487839,Recommended,598330,34829673,Posted: 8 September,all,Winging It,"Still a handful of bit and pieces to finish and polish, but looks on track to be a good game."
,Recommended,598330,35274406,Posted: 28 September,all,Madmatt150,"Great game, very nice, still a few issues and bugs but dev's working to fix and add new content. Definatly a good buy."
,Recommended,598330,30368620,Posted: 6 March,all,lotsgon,"Whilst this game may look like it doesn't have a lot of content on the surface the underlying elements are there to form a foundation of a great simualtion game. The management aspects will work well if you continue to maintain a profit and expand your airport. There is room for more content such as shops and bars, however I believe this to be an easy addition for them to add later considering the current cafe setup.Overall this game is currently an early build of something that will be a great game. If you don't want to spend £20 then hold off until a few more updates. The devs have however updated this game since release and show dedication to updating it further to fix issues and implement new content."
,Not Recommended,598330,34661917,Posted: 1 September,all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,"I brought this game because i love aviation and i've watched so many YouTube videos on what its like.I don't recommend this game to anyone simply because its boring and extreemly buggy. This game lags alot when you build huge airports, when you buy some new land it bugs out and you have to restart the game to fix the issue, placing down things makes the game lag and bug and overall its just a mess.The developers are trying thire best to fix theese issues but if there wasn't any issues it'll still be a mess.This is a Prison Architech inspired game and its failed at being and good game like Prison Architech. The game needs to be taken off the market and developed more. This is a unfinnished early accsess game (not sutible for being early accsess)Sorry for my spelling"
76561198161345330,Not Recommended,598330,34887002,Posted: 11 September,all,atv,"I bought the game at the early stages of early access. At that time I believed the game had a lot of potential and the developers worked hard to resolve the bugs. As the months have gone on, I feel that the game hasn't reached its potential and people opting for a airport sim, might be best waiting for the release of airport ceo. For me the mechanics of the game make it basically unplayable at the latter stages. For instance, when you have expanded your airport, expect to have passengers missing their flights even if queues at security and ticketing are low. I would advise the developers to consider creating a moving walkway. The game is also limited and you find yourself financially secure after a short period, then boredom sets in.Overall a good attempt, but lacking in areas. All these issues can be resolved."
,Recommended,598330,34916090,Posted: 13 September,all,Cat,"Build An Airport, Get People going to your Airport, Make fat stacks of cash!.  Great game!"
,Not Recommended,598330,35009798,Posted: 16 September,all,Wando_,"I can't recommend the game in its current state because there's so much in the game that doesn't work yet. I'm excited for the next newest versions but right now, there are available options in the game that don't work yet. AI don't recognize queues, which is the most frustrating thing; security guards disappear when I need them most."
,Recommended,598330,35195694,Posted: 24 September,all,iKing,"Great game to enhance your managing skills. Bugs here and there but that is what you really expect in an EA game, so I think fixing the bugs and adding more features would make the game better. I'll add more when I encounter new bugs. Here are some bugs I have encountered so far:*Changing screen resolution (Screen buttons overlay each other)*Large Hangar cannot be dismantled due to a ""(deleted)"" occupying a slot. (So there's a stuck hangar in my airport and I can't delete it)*Passengers saying weird stuff sometimes (like a line in a code), doesn't really affect the gameplay and I'm not sure if it could be considered as a bug.***Feel free to hit me up for more information about the bugs I have encountered so far"
,Recommended,598330,35266212,Posted: 28 September,all,Redbrickguy,"This is a really great start to a game I think will be rich and full of complexity in the future as the dev seems to be on top of new content, updates and bug fixesThat being said, it's a fun game to play now - I just get bored with it too easily to keep me roped into coming back again and again.Can't wait to see what's in store for this one..."
,Recommended,598330,32702621,Posted: 23 June,all,AspenGamingYT,"This is an AMAZING GAME! This game is totally worth the money. There are a few bugs, but there minor bugs. The developers did amazing job."
,Recommended,598330,35209700,Posted: 25 September,all,nikardaras,Looks like a good game getting better day by day. It has a lot of problems (most of them in pax AI and pax flow) but most of them look to be solved till the day of official release. Thumbs up for the developers.
76561198126524710,Recommended,598330,34428575,Posted: 22 August,all,jeffer_2,"Solid start for Early Access! I am extremely impressed with the frequency of updates to the game and the community engagement from the development team. The game is certainly still in progress but the dev teams is reliably hard at work!I have logged a ton of hours playing the game, trying new layouts and I am looking forward to continued featuresKeep it up!"
76561198017970645,Recommended,598330,34906102,Posted: 12 September,all,Douglas,Pretty awesome game. The closest we have that brings back the feeling from 90s tycoon games.Graphics are great. Lots of textures for floors and decoration. Its not hard to make a really good looking airport.Lots of features. It doesn't get boring. The only reason to stop playing is when you have so big airport that it lags. At least the devs are constantly pushing performance updates.Now its also possible to add more airlines by workshop.Lots of replayability. Worth every penny.
76561198120304098,Recommended,598330,35253262,Posted: 27 September,all,krabi3,"As of now, I have played just under 38 hours, and probably 20 of those hours were played in about 4 days, and I only got the game about 5 - 7 days ago. I haven't seen the development progress, but from what I have seen and have played, this is one of the most advanced early access games that I have ever played.The mechanics of the game work well, especially for an early access game. There are some mechanics that I don't think have to be changed, but there are some mechanincs that have to have some work done, like people missing their flights because they sit at the cafe, and as a result of this, planes are 30 - 120 minutes late (See next paragraph). But overall, the mechanincs are really well done for an early access game.Not everything in the game is all good though. I am actually writing this review because of the main fact that I want to get across: people keep missing their flights! Here's the scenario. You have just spent about 4 real days (or 30 game days) building, and nothing else. You have built an airport with 30 different gates (and it isn't 100% finished), and with the hopes of attracting every single airline company and sending them to your airport. You're also about $52 million in debt (I think you can gather what game mode I was playing). All you want to do is watch your airport come to life. You get bored of building. So, on the 30th day, you get planes, and wait for your airport to spring into action, doing what it was made to do at the start of a new month (I mean, it is September as of writing this). What you weren't expecting were all your planes being between 30 - 120 minutes late (Yes, sometimes it got that bad) because half of the people on the plane were slowly making their way from the cafe all the way to your gate. By the time your plane leaves, it's 90 minutes late. That is the troubles I'm going through. I think I lost the point. The point I am trying to make is that:The developers should improve the intelligence of the AI, so people don't make their flight 90 minutes lateand then clog up the whole system and as a result, every plane starts becoming 90 minutes late. (While I'm at it, could you also change the morning, afternoon and night times a bit. Instead of night time going to 10pm, it could border with the morning time, to create a full loop so your planes can go at any time and not be restricted to 4 am till 10 pm. Just a thought).I feel really bad now. I feel like I just insulted the developers. If I did, I am so sorry. But, long story short, This game is amazing and I recommend this game, but I think that the further the game got in it's development, the more I would recommend it.Anyway, this game is amazing and you definitely should buy this game if you don't mind the game not being perfect. If you do, buy it anyway, because it will be soon."
,Not Recommended,598330,34869997,Posted: 10 September,all,Mal,Enjoyed the game for a little bit but this isnt a big changing game. It's very minimum to what it's actually is like to run an airport. There is never a security issue which is boring.
76561198162823263,Recommended,598330,35169180,Posted: 23 September,all,Acidkandy1222,"Love this game so much, the devs and other people working on the game are very reponsive and great at getting back with you about bugs. ^_^ love love love"
76561198036558678,Recommended,598330,35440805,Posted: 3 October,all,Nekolight,"The game is very playable and enjoyable even in it's Early Access Game. I think the most amazing thing that keeps pulling me back is the fact the developers are very active. They put a new update almost everyday if you join enable ""Edge Development"" which deserves high praise. They post frequently on the game forums, listen to suggestions and give explainations. You can see the game coming together week by week sometimes - and this gives a good reason to keep coming back to it.Gameplay is fun and for the most part everything works really well together. Bugs can occour but they are fixed quickly and the developers are pro-active in doing this as long as you do your part and report them too."
,Recommended,598330,30366368,Posted: 6 March,all,TBuck,A pretty fun game that still has a few bugs and glitches in it.
76561198054455581,Recommended,598330,30366706,Posted: 6 March,all,CaptainSquig,Very nice and its a amazing game i hope you will improve this and make it wven better keep up the good work :D
76561198045862056,Not Recommended,598330,30798305,Posted: 28 March,all,Calli,"Game currently at a state that should have never been published this early-even for an early access game.Bugs beyond counting. Though some of them get fixed pretty fast.Overall: overpriced pre-alpha version, do not recommend"
76561198157509544,Not Recommended,598330,33660572,Posted: 19 July,all,X2 Ezy Animations,Ruined the game with the new baggage system. WAY too complicated.
76561197960515586,Not Recommended,598330,34745488,Posted: 4 September,all,Superdust,"The idea is good but the rest is quite bad.Maybe there should have been two floors so that we can distinguish between arrival and departure it looks incredibly stupid everyone interferes with the security zone.The runway can not handle many flights at the same time, when the flight crew does not know where to drive, perhaps we should also have two runways and choose manually who lands and takes off then there will be more structure in the schedule and less confused captains. and the lag has to be improved.Such a game today must have at least 50000 passengers without laggs.At the moment, I do not recommend this game"
76561198018234106,Recommended,598330,30400411,Posted: 8 March,all,vefme,Tons of promise. Unplayable right now.
,Not Recommended,598330,34317065,Posted: 17 August,all,SquatchCommander,"Let me first start by saying, that the developers are very responsive and passionate about their game. It shows a ton of potential and it could be great someday.HOWEVER.In its current state I cannot recommend it. It's very buggy at times, and performance changes from patch to patch. Many of the airport systems that you'd expect to see are not present yet. The game is fun. For about a hour. Then it gets to the ""okay now what?"" there is land expansion and other cool things to research but nothing game changing. The play to left of the road Top down is kinda frustrating too. It's exactly like PA view except to the left. It worked in PA not in this game in my opinion.The graphics are about a 5/10 at this point.Gameplay is 5/10Replayability 2/10Sounds 3/10Performance 6/10Overall 4/10It shows potential, great potential in fact but its not quite there yet."
76561198073896116,Not Recommended,598330,31210782,Posted: 17 April,all,squidvicious,"Yes, early access.  But very limited gameplay, few options to make the airport ""yours""... won't get much for your $20.   I did like the pace of the game and inclusion of certain aspects (e.g. ticket agents, gate agents, security stations, assigning all to queues, etc.).   Did not like cluttering of some menus... ""objects"" for security, tix, baggage, lumped in with benches, tables, trees and related objects aren't even clustered together.  Hopefully, lots (and lots) of content will come and bugs fixed... until then, save your $ and time."
76561198088874276,Not Recommended,598330,31713797,Posted: 12 May,all,Travis K. 2B-178,"I think we've all been waiting for an airport game like this - unfortunately the developers released the game into ""Early Access"" way too soon. Playing the game as it stands at the time of this review is not only dissapointing, but also extremely frustrating to play. The game mechanics almost seem like a copy/paste from Prison Tycoon, with an airport setting. This game lacks creativity, but I do see some potential in it. I will be keeping it in my library and will play again when the enormous amount of bugs are fixed.On another note, developers really need to stop with this ""Early Access"" nonsense. Nobody should be paying for something that doesn't work correctly, that includes game purchases. If you want beta testers, offer the game for free for a short period of time, then release your game with a price tag."
76561198023735189,Recommended,598330,31769257,Posted: 15 May,all,Faith,Good fun for those that love sim type games.
,Recommended,598330,33588846,Posted: 16 July,all,CocoNutCrazy777,"waste of money, it should only cost $8.99."
76561198006960002,Not Recommended,598330,33895618,Posted: 29 July,all,Thorozar,"Wanted to love the game, but can't.  I was a big fan of Airport Tycoon ages ago and was excited to see a game like it one day.  Then I saw it looked exactly like Prison Architect and thought this will be awesome.Starting the game and about 2 minutes in I realized it was far from being as good as either afore mentioned titles.  The starting airport is a joke, the economy is horribly broken, and the game lags bad.  I had to run my airport for about 8 hours to have enough money to expand only 1 gate.It has only gotten worse with the last large update with baggage hubs.  Not only are they a bad idea, but they are confusing, extremely expensive, and constraining.  What was wrong with the old version?Graphics as mentioned above are a clone of Prison Architect, as is the UI.  That made it a bit easier to find stuff and know how to build, but they copied an old build as zooming into a zone doesn't filter to only show items relevant to that zone.  Also it looks horrible having the zones always show on the map.  Nothing like staring at a bunch of diagonal lines the whole time.The AI is really poor.  People go around outside zones and ignore sidewalks going directly into the terminal.  Queues are beyond stupid as they pile up in clumps, and the sounds at the security stations are annoying.While the devs are always doing updates, the game is probably a good 6 months early to release yet, and it's already been taking money a while.I recommend you check on Steam for similar games and pass on this one until it matures.  If you love the graphics then get Rimworld or Prison Architect, both are vastly superior."
76561198030885708,Not Recommended,598330,34515006,Posted: 26 August,all,Morten,"Plenty of good ideas. Just really poorly executed so far.Im no coder myself so have no idea if this is salvageable but it seems like very poor coding. If you get above a couple of hundred passengers in your airport, it will get increasingly impossible to do anything. It seems the only thing working in the end is the part where your passengers get really annoyed at the situation. They cannot move, they will not change queue, you cannot build or change your queue-area, your janitors will essentially stop working, and nomatter what you click, you will not hit what you think you will hit - it seems completely random.It's a shame really - there are good ideas here - hopefully they can improve on the performance. Will likely check in again later but for now I cannot recommend this game."
76561198169506444,Recommended,598330,35374556,Posted: 1 October,all,mail lauantaina,This game is really fun and enjoyable but you should add like a staircase so you can have a second level and walk over taxiways to another building
76561198026842891,Recommended,598330,35332816,Posted: 30 September,all,Capitane,"SimAirport is a gemstone. The development is steady and the developers are very communicative. It has a lot of bugs and (so far) not much of content. So if you want to buy it make sure you are not expecting a fully developed game.I put my hopes in the devs. We need more of such nice tycoon, managent and building games."
76561198054366024,Recommended,598330,34898471,Posted: 12 September,all,Ascendant,"At this moment of writing, SimAirport has come a long way development-wise.The developer is responsive and truly listens to the community and makes sure bugs get fixed, performance gets tweaked, and new features streamlined with daily updates within the Edge branch.It is one reason alone to start supporting SimAirport, because of its great developer.The game itself is great fun as it is already, but promises to be a grand gem in the near future!"
,Recommended,598330,35184896,Posted: 24 September,all,PHATBATMAN22,"This game has great potential. I enjoy the colorful graphics, high fps count, and the overall smoothness."
,Recommended,598330,35401922,Posted: 1 October,all,max.vf,"When I play it on Mac, the aircraft's sounds are terrific :( they have a lot of lag and the engines sounds horrible. Can you fix it? Thanks!"
76561198049532510,Not Recommended,598330,30633152,Posted: 20 March,all,Itara,"This game isn't really on the same early-access level that most e.a. games are nowadays. The game freezes a lot, mostly due to pathfinding if you place a new object. There is no proper feedback on if/when you do a good job (example: you have an average of passenger happiness; but people missing their flight leave the airport, so they aren't counted). There are no random events, meaning it's just a pipeline optimization game (and a simple one at that), which isn't all that fun.I'll try again in a year or so"
76561198196719717,Recommended,598330,34296903,Posted: 16 August,all,Mrs.LadyG,First THANK YOU SO MUCH  to the Arther D for all his help. I had messed up my settings and reached out for help.Not only did he almost istinlty reply he kept helping me even thow I am a comp ditz lol. I wanted to keep my word and give a review. Now I can play I cant wait!!!!!!!****UPDATE********I have played 6 hrs and I love this game. Alot to do and build for such a young game.I am looking forward to watching it grow.... Keep up the great work!!!!!
,Recommended,598330,30396632,Posted: 8 March,all,Atlanical,"Brilliant game, it's got real potential to be the best Airport simulator. A few bug fixes needed but really fun to play."
,Recommended,598330,30575327,Posted: 17 March,all,Jambassy,"Discovered this looking for Airport Ceo.This is/should be an Alpha release, plenty of bugs and unrelaistic effects kill the vibe.It is not polished or anywhere near complete.I cannot stop playing, despite the bugs the basic product works and I have logged 9 hours which have been very enjoyable.Updates are frequent and I am confident the authors are 100% committed to finish the game.Airport Ceo will still have my busines, but competition from SimAirport can only be a bonus.I hope both games are completed with top quality results. So far so good."
,Recommended,598330,30579373,Posted: 17 March,all,KeS.HaukiiBaukii,They´re pushing out updates daily so thats a big plus.It becomes barely playable when having more then 500 passengers on the airport.Hope they will optimize that soon.
76561198202447547,Recommended,598330,30368238,Posted: 6 March,all,paulbrownlie,It is still very  buggy! But overall I think the concept is amazing and super good fun! And I am sure over the coming months they will work the bugs out!
76561198262360967,Not Recommended,598330,30844888,Posted: 30 March,all,LizzieBusy,"I know this game is still in a beta moe, however their are several things that I think can be improved. I dont like how sandbox mode works, I dont see how it is different than the campaign mode. Also the system timing (idk how to describe it) is awkward. You start with a very small airport and HAVE to upgrade everything right away. Wish I would've saved my money until the final product comes out so I could see then if it was worth it."
76561198009903018,Recommended,598330,30373341,Posted: 7 March,all,Corwin86,"Played little so far, but enough to see potential and a solid base for a game.Still, I think the ""Early Access"" price is a bit too high, as the game have some issues and bugs.However, I think is correct to recommed this, as seems pretty funny and the developers seems to work hard to solve problems."
76561198110377163,Recommended,598330,33848385,Posted: 27 July,all,BERNARD SANDALS,Its basically just Prison Architect remade in an airport....Anything mixed with Prison Architect is awesome
,Recommended,598330,35500735,Posted: 5 October,all,John Thomas,"Needs some love and care, But one day will be perfect."
76561198107283457,Recommended,598330,34768500,Posted: 5 September,all,MinxyJayne,"great game, very fun to play.  Would be great with some objectives or something to do once the airport is built, but i love it already!"
76561198306629739,Recommended,598330,30447658,Posted: 11 March,all,arthurtorossian69,"So,im a big fun of this kind of games,im an active member at SA(Sim Airport)community,this game is very nice and fun,it has alot of depth at some thing and not alot of depth at other things,but right now they are focused on making this game more playable in terms of bugs and soonly start adding content(i hope so)they are continiously updating the game so its difficult to make an review,bugs have been dramaticaly decreased from the original version,but still they are there,when you buy a EA(early acces) game you must be patient in alot of thing,the game has some performance issues at least for me when having alot of passengers at once in the terminal but im sure it will gona be fixed,it doesnt have a tutorial but you can be helped from the active comunity at youtube and steam.The game also have some saving problems when having HUGE airports but im nearly sure that at the next 1-2 updates this will gona be solved with some other bugs together!I recomend this game because its alot of fun and if you want to help it become even better because EA titles are following the comunityes needs,but i DONT recomend it if you want a game ready on your plate and being impatient with some bugs.The games price its a little bit expensive but the developers are trying hard so its good.Sorry for any mistakes and probably i will update my review if its neededThanks for reading all this and i hope it was helpful"
76561198059554370,Recommended,598330,30441156,Posted: 10 March,all,Elpopeyo,"Seems that the biggest bugs have been fixed and devs are very responsive.Fun to play, even at this early stage. So much potential!"
76561198354509463,Recommended,598330,30448240,Posted: 11 March,all,Billybob1061,Please fix the kitch the workers make food for a bit and just freeze. I cant even make a working airport without this happening. Also the game's frames go down when there are lots of people. Apart from that the game is potential.
76561198200855638,Recommended,598330,30449436,Posted: 11 March,all,DiamondSim,I love this game just got it yesterday and its so much fun... Its a little buggy but its early access what would you expect?
,Recommended,598330,30602495,Posted: 18 March,all,FrenzyPinguin,The food workers freeze up :(
,Not Recommended,598330,30599024,Posted: 18 March,all,Ovan,"Unplayable!Lots of bugs, waste of money. Dont even bother to buy and play it.1/10"
76561198011128022,Recommended,598330,30447863,Posted: 11 March,all,Coldspurx,Love it already but holy crap its buggy! I´m having constant crashes and I don´t know how many new games I´ve started today. A bit expensive but I get it´s just Alpha at the moment. Hoping they will release an update that eliminates some crashes and very soon so I can get some playtime.
76561198041696708,Recommended,598330,30724860,Posted: 25 March,all,Stoo,has a lot of potential! i travel almost 4 month a year and send quite some time at airports.- business class- lounges- more objects (variety)- additional cafes/restaurant/shops needed- crazier bagagge system :)
,Not Recommended,598330,30696519,Posted: 23 March,all,vampiresonetwothre,"I can't get anything done. Everytime I freeze it and then play it again, nothing happens. Plus, when I quit the game, it crashes immediately. I am sorry to say it, but until it's basically playable, I can't recommend the game. :("
,Recommended,598330,30657995,Posted: 21 March,all,☭Chernobly 8.0☭,"Pls developers look at my review i think you should do something about this.Hello i like to share my feelings about this game they're goods and bads to this review. One good thing is that i like the them of airport constucting and just owning an airport. Two it a challening game you have to some time make risky decions. Now for the Bad. One the people overflow like crazy,  droops my fram rate to 1 FPS i belive or 2, I have to force over 200 people becuase thats how big the airport is, and i lose money becuase of it. Two the Ai is just unbeliveably stupid about everything such as one time there was a 747 accros the airport and there were enough chairs for them but they good to the other side of the airport and miss the flight. I like this game but i won't be playing it untill the Overflow of people problem get fixed. thank you :)"
76561198008296314,Recommended,598330,30468465,Posted: 12 March,all,TheDanishMauro,"I think the game has good potential, I have for a long time been searched for a good tycoon game. And after playing for few hours, I feel this is what I've been missing. It must be said there are still many things that need to be fixed, but it seems that  is being taken good care of it, from the developers. If you like me like tycoon games, would definitely recommend this. It has the potential to become a great tycoon game. 8.5 / 10 from me"
,Recommended,598330,30470861,Posted: 12 March,all,westonsmith4,"In the style of Prison Architect and RimWorld, this early access title is sure to develop into a great game. The base game mechanics already exist and will provide a solid foundation to add and tweak additional content. Buy this game now and actively participate in the games development, or add it to your watchlist if early access is not your thing."
76561198330309166,Recommended,598330,30560216,Posted: 16 March,all,tyler2005ireland,the garbage truck they hold all the cars up and that makes a lot of lag i like how you set up every thing
76561198199502665,Recommended,598330,30769371,Posted: 27 March,all,A'Daniel Chok,"After the newest update that we can choose the Gate, its good! although, wish we can choose the runway too, that would be awesome."
,Not Recommended,598330,31251918,Posted: 20 April,all,Tooby,"The game has many game breaking bugs.It is early access, if you like finding and reporting bugs, buy it!If you are looking for game to play and watch as it evolves, hold back until it's more stable and palyable."
,Recommended,598330,31256866,Posted: 20 April,all,jackson,its a good game the building is a little clunky but thats to be expected in early acsess its got a good thing going i look forward to seeing it progress i have had good fun with it you probably would to
76561198092299592,Recommended,598330,32466852,Posted: 16 June,all,1345154894,I can't find the difference between sandbox and career. so i think there should have unlimit money in sandbox
76561198026724121,Recommended,598330,30375217,Posted: 7 March,all,Canadien Bacon,Its a fun game but keep in mind its still early access and the devs seem dedicated to fixing all the bugs
76561198219829397,Recommended,598330,32646279,Posted: 22 June,all,Snoopy,Its a good game just if you have a big airport it's laggy but I think it's fun
76561198364123236,Recommended,598330,33023004,Posted: 29 June,all,Andrew'sFabulousNails,When I first saw this game and watched the trailer I was really into it but I didn't have the time to get a Steam card to buy it when it was on sale for $12.99. Then when late June hit I got a Steam card and luckily it was on sale but for a even higher price $15.99 but I still bought it and it was worth it. I was very suprised the game ran smoothly on my laptop which only has 1.89G of memory. Then I changed the graphics lower since I was getting more people into my airport. The game is really fun just making money in order to get better things. One issue I had was the conveyor belt system. When I saw videos it was very simple until the game updated. Then I saw another video which really helped me out. I am looking forward to seeing how the game progresses in the future. If you are looking for a management simulation game this is the game for you even though it is $15 it is still worth it and it was the best choice I've made.
,Recommended,598330,30840789,Posted: 30 March,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full reviewPLEASE NOTE: This review is/was written when this game was in/is still in Early Access. Think twice before buying/playing this gameSimAirport is a game developed and published by LVGameDev LLC. Although this game is still in early access, the game does have some promiseSimAirport has some great concepts with some fun gameplay with a tedious yet entertaining customization to customize the airport of your dreamt and for a basic early access game (in its current state), it kept me playing for hours on endHowever, SimAirport in its current state, had a lot of bugs where certain character did not move and stay stuck for no reason. It also happens with cars and transportThe security could improve with their body scanners moving faster rather than clustering up and the game chugs when the frame rate dips when their is a lot of people at the airportI understand that SimAiport is in at an early stage of develpment and I would like to see new updates soon which the developers have shown that they care about their projectIf you can try to add more items in the game that would much appreciated. But in the end, SimAirport is a very nice and enjoyable gameRECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,598330,32043803,Posted: 29 May,all,knug,This game......I WORKED HARD FOR 5 HOURS STRAIGHTFor the first time I were doing well.Then suddenly....THE GAME ♥♥♥♥ING CRASH!!I'M SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Overall a good game
76561198137771917,Recommended,598330,33050846,Posted: 30 June,all,11jao11,"This is a fun game that allows you to take of everything that's needed for managing an airport. Find profitable routes, design an efficient security process and make sure your passengers are having fun while at the airport."
76561197970893261,Recommended,598330,33204439,Posted: 3 July,all,Lindsay Lohan,Fun game but it is a work in progress.Still some glitches and such but the developer seems active in the early development. For the price I'd give it a try.
76561198042144442,Recommended,598330,33213879,Posted: 3 July,all,Richard,"It's a fun game and strangely addictive, It reminds me of an ""airport tycoon"" i played 15-20 years ago, which was great fun but very buggy.This is very similar in some sense, however regular updates and seeing progress in the short time that i have owned the game is very positive. The game feels  early access, so there is still a lot of work needed to go into the game to keep me playing it.I am glad i purchased it, and really looking forward to future updates, there a lot of scope to improve this game, so fingers crossed it get there. I would only recommend game to people that are interested in the type at this stage, as it just not complete for more main stream gamer"
76561198070874289,Recommended,598330,33237039,Posted: 4 July,all,zetathix,"Game is work.Should have population cap, game can't handle with large size of crowd.Decor items' price are too much, play on normal mode isn't fun to decorate.But this is a good game, can't wait for next update, just hope devs will push this game to be 'best airport sim' like they say."
76561198056728472,Not Recommended,598330,30566902,Posted: 17 March,all,yukkalicious,"This has got to be the buggiest early release I've played.  However if you're into...Runways that cost less than building a cafeStupid ATC voiceovers (from my non-existant tower) stating the wrong runway numbers.Items that you can't fully rotate (who in their right mind wants to load a baggage conveyer from the south...)Game crashes every 20 mins for no apparent reason1FPS on a  i7 quad core with 16gb ram with just 10 staff on the mapThen this is thegameproject for you!It's a great looking concept, shows promise, and will certainly appeal to the tycoon gamerswhenif finished. In it's current state however, it seems to recalculate the entire map every time you build a piece of wall or place a chair."
,Not Recommended,598330,30549443,Posted: 16 March,all,Neogenex,"In its current state, I can not recommend this game. Way too buggy to really explore the game and see how it developes:Really like the game, but it is SOOOOOO buggy that it is basically unplayable after you get 10+ flights coming in. Passengers get stuck all over, they wont move and you cant send them home, your vehicles coming in just randomly get stuck, even with 3 roads, aircraft get randomly stuck on the tarmac and refuse to move... its very frustrating. I am really looking forward to seeing where they will be in a few months though.﻿In a few months, once many of these issues are fixed, I have a strong feeling I will change my recommendation."
76561198287577129,Not Recommended,598330,30567028,Posted: 17 March,all,irishmello23,i thought i would like the game played for about 30 min and its just not for me i would definatly like a refund.
76561198007392293,Recommended,598330,30377847,Posted: 7 March,all,StephenJackson_GR,"If you enjoyed Prison Architect and are looking for a game that is similar but puts you in charge of running an airport instead, SimAirport will definitely be for you.However it is early access and currently may not have some of the modes or features you would expect if you've come straight from PA. In time they will definitely be there, but at the time of writing it's impossible to start with a totally blank map; both game modes currently give you a basic starter airport on the map for example.The foundations are solid and you can see that the core is there. If you want to support the developers and see the game develop then feel free to give the game a purchase.If you're looking for something a bit more fully developed right now, I'd suggest waiting a few weeks or months. Devs are active though and have already released a patch ironing out some of the launch day bugs, with another hotfix already in the worked."
,Recommended,598330,30957473,Posted: 5 April,all,ThatManSam,"This is an awesome simulation game, especially for an early access game.  There are a few bugs but still an awesome game."
,Recommended,598330,30761539,Posted: 26 March,all,T Money B,What a promising little gem this is. Still a lot of work to do. Plays very much like prison architect but with a different theme. Would deffo recomend this game and Im excited for future updates. Lets just hope the developers are focused on making a polished final product.
76561198355550163,Recommended,598330,31504476,Posted: 2 May,all,minaitse123,This is very good game!
,Recommended,598330,31478431,Posted: 30 April,all,BasicMedia,"This game is great fun, although I haven't played much, it is enjoyable. Highly recommened for those who like designing!"
76561198032341409,Recommended,598330,31504416,Posted: 2 May,all,Le_Caribou3000,"Good game! Early access, devs seems to be very reactive.It's so addictive!"
,Recommended,598330,31556956,Posted: 5 May,all,Aba Steve,Best Airport Tycoon Game ever.
76561198113528008,Recommended,598330,30629500,Posted: 19 March,all,teoriad92,nice game
76561198200430925,Recommended,598330,30631788,Posted: 20 March,all,bigdan06,Great game!! A few bugs in there but a very enjoyable game!!
,Recommended,598330,30429616,Posted: 10 March,all,cwlgamer,"I am an avid fan of commercial airlines and of course airports.  Having worked at one of the busiest airports in the world (by traffic), I can say without hesitation, that SimAirport is as accurate as you will get to an actual operating airport – I say this now – as I can only imagine how the game will progress in the next few months.  I have been totaled impressed by the game thus far and as I continue to understand it and get a feel around the UI I find it fun, amusing, and very addictive.You start out with some basic features, all though you can select a sandbox mode or even select to have a cleared play area to start with.  I have not tried starting from the ground up, all though I did load a map to see what was there.  The first thing to do is set your ques and assign them to your counters, security line, and gates.  This needs a little more work – as its not intuitive enough without some explanation as to how to assign, etc.  Once this happens you can go in and start adding flights – I would strongly suggest smaller A/C first (Beechcraft or RJ’s) until you get everything up and running.  I would also suggest you separate your inbound security lines with your outbound passengers.  This will help the flow of passengers coming into the departure hall.Overall I am truly impressed by the game and hope to see the developer continue patching and making improvements.  I am willing to help if they are interested – so reach out if you are!  I will reserve a full review until a little later once several patches are added.One note:  Please add a way to adjust the map with buttons on the mouse as well as edge scrolling (which seems to not work as fluid as it could).Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,598330,30388090,Posted: 8 March,all,Pixel,"I love it! But just too much bugs.. People get stuck randomly. When scrolling things, like lists, it's just too slow. And I would love if there would be like duty free shops, plane emergencies, people getting sick at the airport and they need ambulance etc. There's soo much stuff u can add to this game. Overall I like this game, but it's buggy. But I'm sure developers can develop more stuff into this game and this game has BIG potential to succeed. But this game has to get out there!"
76561198055170725,Recommended,598330,30392836,Posted: 8 March,all,Captain Walton © 2014,"These guys are really making a name for themselves! This is how a Early Access Title should be. The game does have allot of issues at its current state but the devs are popping out fixes and patches and updates like no other ive seen. You can see anywhere between 3 and 5 updates per day and these devs are really doing what we would love to see all game makers do.I am happy to have bought this game, even in its current stage because the devs are really working to make one heck of a game here. I Pray and hope these devs will be like the ones from Prison Arch! And keep pumping out updates on a fast and regurlar basis, not just for fixes and patches but new content and making the game better and better.This game is very very close to Prison Arch! I have logged somewhere over 300+ hours with PA since buying it on Steam, even more hours before the steam version was released. This game is one major gold mine as long as they release more and more and more content and really make this game into what it has the ability to be!Even at its current state you can play for hours and have a blast :-)As more content is released it will only get better.There are some issues with lag and fps, but it has been reported and the devs are already on top of it and not stopping until they have fixed the issues reported.I would say purchase this game if you can, to support the devs.God Bless!Captain Walton © 2014"
,Recommended,598330,30391100,Posted: 8 March,all,Revar Anorld,"I strongly suggest this game, it's same as Prison Architect but this time is 'Airport Architect' Still quiet lots of Bug and they all very annoying. Expect few more features and updates, but good job to the game creator team!"
,Recommended,598330,30429942,Posted: 10 March,all,legofigure1,Yeah it has a few bugs and needs a bit of polishing here and there. (Also needs infinite money mode) but its not god damm planet coaster its a small airport tycoon anyways i have to say its a bit expensive for what it is and i imagine it will get alot of refunds but still its alright.
,Recommended,598330,30440488,Posted: 10 March,all,Logeeker,"Great potentia. LOTS of bugs.AIs tend to break after there's more than 1000 AIs in the game. Car may stop moving and just block the road for no reason. Planes may also stuck at the taxiway. When saving and reload the game cannot reset the AIs, that will be the end of the game."
,Not Recommended,598330,31308139,Posted: 22 April,all,Stratular,"Novelty wore off after about 2 and half hours. Firstly once you have built the airport its just a case of sitting and staring watching your tourists pass by. Secondly about two hours and 15 minutes into the game it crashed, since then I have not been able to get the game to launch. Graphics are rubbish too, I set them to max on a GTX 980 and there blurry af. I do not reccomend this game to anyone until LVGameDev have sorted the game out."
76561198202127588,Not Recommended,598330,30515861,Posted: 14 March,all,sec4aa,"Don't get me wrong, I like the game idea and inspiration. To put this in a short way: Its great but a little too buggy for the current price. You should wait. It is not worth the price, YET! soon it will be and it will be bug free, totally playable and worth the price. Its not just there yet but this has great potential, it will be there soon. Great game but wait a little."
76561198141801282,Recommended,598330,33695799,Posted: 21 July,all,mikko.berg,"Nice game, can't wait it to be complete. I have run into couple of problems though... First of all, I cant build anything after expanding land, game crashes. Secoundly, deboarding, boarding, cleaning, unloading and loading luggage should not take 3 hours for 200 pax. I measured by eye that three boarding agents can put through approx 5 pax per game min... That is very slow. Also have run into problem that last passenger to board lags somewhere in the airside, and doens't move until the plane has already left. This happens when the plane is on schedule and has lots of time left to board.Othen than those few glitches I highly recomend this game to all tycoon game enthusiasts. I'm sure it'll get so much better than it already is!"
76561198204233257,Recommended,598330,32034442,Posted: 28 May,all,LaysChips01,"I accually really like this game, when I got it I though oh well, i guess i'll try it cause I liked the Prison Arctect. After building my first Airport, I love this game. This game is super knowing that the game is in Early Access, the game is amaing. I mean not everything is amazing in the game cause it's kinda empty. So here are a few things I WOULD LOVE to see this game have one day.What I want it to have:Security● I'd like to one day see the security to accually be helpful. Right now, all it does is make the place be Secured I hope one day it makes the place secure still but people try to sneak bombs,guns,esc. into the airport.● I think it would be really really cool if you could make patrol units for you Officers.● If you could arm you security with diffrent weapons, Guns, Tazers, handcuffs, flashlight, guard dogs, esc.● I think it would be cool also if there were accidents on the planes before take off, like fighting,Assault, esc.● Final thing for security, If a plane had to make a security landing for a passager for being drunk in air, esc, you could send officers to drag them off the planes ( Not like United no worries ).● A serch room, esc.Emergency's:● Emergency landing would be cool, Emergency landing for Fires,Hijacking,broken gear, esc.● A on-site Fire station, Most airports always have a fire startion somewhere on there grounds, so I think it would really help if this game would give you an option for a Fire house.● Airport lockdowns, if there were a shooter in a airport they would lock it down correct? Then why not throw that in the game?!● Machine mounfuctions, Let's be honest, The baggage carriers don't always work at airports, It would be amazing if stuff would accually break down, and when stuff break down you need machanics.Bathrooms:● I have one HUGE problem with the bathrooms, in the game they are just toilets no stalls or anything. It would be kinda wierd just looking arround seeing people do there buisnees in a airport.● The janitors always are killing me in this game, Why do they just run outside and just walk around, and when something happends (trash on the ground ) they come running in to clean it, like maybe make the janitors stay inside would be cool.● Dirty bathrooms, so the janitors have to more then pick up trash.Runways/taxiways:● This is one of the worst things in the game currently just because of one thing, you can make certain planes go on certain runways, I tried doing this and it diden't work so I got so angrey, it would be cool if you could have one runway for Large planes and Extra Large planes.● Maybe Takeoff and Landing runways?Shops:● Vending machines are kinda boring, if your looking for realism, add a lot of diffrent shops, Cloths, souvieners, Electroinics, esc.*Other*● Have more then 1 floor● Subways, Elevators, Transpertaion.● Other cool arsh stuffThis game is super fun, and I can't wait to see it get better!"
76561198015245770,Recommended,598330,31209798,Posted: 17 April,all,TheCabbageDetective,"Excellent concept, and if the developers produce what they are saying it should turn out to be a very good game. The only but is that it seems a bit early in development for early access, with a few game breaking bugs, poorly balanced and gets very laggy very quickly, although I'm sure these will be sorted in time.It's a game worth getting, but i'd hold back for a little while until a few of the basic issues are resolved first."
,Recommended,598330,30403434,Posted: 8 March,all,shogged,"had my eye on this game when it was known as airport CEO. the concept is here, its very cool. think prison architect but airport mechanics instead. plenty of content to get you started, a few bugs that you'll have to play around though."
,Recommended,598330,30371159,Posted: 7 March,all,Ethanol69,"I played this game after the first update where most of the major glitches like audio bugs were fixed. I'd have to say, i'm quite impressed with how this turned out after hearing and reading other people's thoughts on this game and the stage it was at for early access. No doubt, there is plenty of things that can be improved and be fixed. But a very solid base game to start.If I were to be a bit critical, the fps on this game with all the glitches is quite low once you get into having to handle more passengers. My game actually crashed on me, but I expect that at this early stage. So I think I do recommend that you guys support this game as it deserves more followers."
,Recommended,598330,34025720,Posted: 4 August,all,Home,Good game.
76561198121618561,Recommended,598330,34048816,Posted: 5 August,all,BleakMarrow431,"Ok, so SimAirport is the type of game you get if you want basic but fun! IF you want the real deal wait for Airport CEO, it is much more indept. Overall SimAirport is a good game but needs some community created airlines like mine ,GlobeOs!8/10"
,Recommended,598330,34041188,Posted: 5 August,all,Odoiki,we need chinese plz！！
76561197998407905,Recommended,598330,31066315,Posted: 10 April,all,Sir Morra,"Was just gonna try this game for 1 hour before I continued with my homework.Before I knew it, 7 hours had flown by! :DI fell in love with this game, but maybe that's because I work at an airport and I love these types of game.The gamestyle really reminded me of Prison A and RimWorld (I have them both)Didn't run into any critical bugs, so it is fully playable, but I'm looking forward to more content, beacuse i didn'n know what to do when I had built everything (except expanding) the game had to offer."
76561198269064358,Recommended,598330,31070647,Posted: 10 April,all,nkp1027,"The game is a lot of fun, but I do have a couple of requests for improvement. (1) The lag is absolutely affecting my ability to play the game (2) The games graphics are simple yet it takes an enormous amount of energy for my computer to run it (the fan is on full the entire time so if thats change-able please) (3) Passengers seem to be going through queues as if they weren't there and through walls for me. I tried to separate the entry and exit so no one is entering and exiting the security from one area but passengers seem to glitch out and get stuck and just face a wall and stop where they are which includes outside my airport behind the fence which shouldn't be possible but somehow is?"
,Recommended,598330,31048879,Posted: 9 April,all,Blair,It is a good game and its fun. If you dont liek games with some bugs dont get it in early stage as i know the team is working hard to get all the bugs fixed. it is a good simulator for airport and it is worth the money.
76561198355212436,Recommended,598330,31050573,Posted: 9 April,all,chrimcco22,"This game marks my temptation for airport building and airplanes. It also has to Prison Architect vibe, which is another game I like. I really recommend this game"
76561198379139414,Recommended,598330,31075979,Posted: 11 April,all,matthewpeet,"game is good but as soon as u expand past a certain point it becomes incredibly laggy....maybe instead of individual passengers once the airport gets large have one passenger representing 10, 20 or even 100 people to reduce the load"
,Recommended,598330,31076456,Posted: 11 April,all,Lime,"SimAirportAdditional functions that should be addedSet the sum of moey wich you start with in feeplay mode - It should also be allowed to play with unlimited in freeplay mode.More starting airports - This has annoyed me for a while, there is only one starting airport. I suppose there soon will be added a function to select other airports as well.Bussgate - A gate that does not require much space in the terminal building, but i requires a bus to go from the terminal to the gate, and aslo a stair vehicle. This kind of gate should be cheaper for the airline to use.Automatic check-in counter -  Allows passangers to scan their boarding passes, faster than the other chek-in desks. This one requiers one check-in desk with staff besides it. (They have to be connected)Travel agencies - Helps to fill up planes, and the airport recives a set part of the money.Airline offices - Help passangers who have complaints, or that has to rebook because their flight was cancelled.Help desk - Lost lost bagage etc.Car rental firms - Allow passengers to rent car from different companies at the airport. The airport recives a % of their income (It should be possible to have mutiple companies).Garage - Here can the passangers pick up /dropp of their rental cars or park their own.Improved resarch menu- Make sub catories, so when one clicks finance it shows Bankloan etc. Also there should be added more reseach. Maybe security is possible to improve? To get dogs, or narco scanners.Grants/Missions -You recive some money before and after you have completed it.Security - The bag claim should be in a seperate area of the aiport where only arriving passangers can enter, they should also have another way to there than trough the security control. Functions like mentioned above should also be added.Costum office - Should be added by the exit of bag claim. (If any discovers airport earns a %)Duty free - Here the passangers can by their tobacco, candy, alcohol etc.At the check-in - Bag self-drop, requires the passanger to check-in at a machine then go to a self-drop desk, no staff only a conveyor belt.Gate naming - It should be possible to rename the gates, and also they should be automatic renamed when they are built in-between to gates, so it is A1-A2-A3, and not A1-A3-A2.Multiple terminals - It should be possible to set buildings as a different terminal, so that the aiport gets larger, also it should be possible to set gatenames to B1, C1, to mark  different terminal or area.Pre-made rooms - Possible to reserach, makes it easier for the player to construct rooms.Wall-demolishing - It is not possible to demolish walls inside, this is very annoying due to the fact that if you build a new area it has a tendency to become square walls (double walls).Foundation - A little high priced?Objects lights up - To make the building prosses easier once the user is over a room, relevant objects light up.When a plane has been scheduled, it should be possible to drag it from one side to the other side (Scrolling)Taks - If the user plays the carrer mode it should be stages and more tasks.This list is not organized and I am truly sorry. But I hope this ideas will be taken into concideration :)"
,Recommended,598330,31062487,Posted: 10 April,all,TheSaladGod,"I have noticed within my 2.3 hours of playing SimAirport (which is a highly potentious and fun game) that the main cause of lag, even on a beefy Macintosh computer such as mine is construction so when playing (a tip of advice), remember to pause, set down EVERYTHING/place everything, then brace for lag or focus off of the construction area. It is a pain in the a** to place objects when the dumb construction people are causing all the lag in the game. Thank you."
76561198279320801,Recommended,598330,31061405,Posted: 10 April,all,Chosendream,"really good game but getting like 20 fps with a gtx 1060, Any fix?"
,Recommended,598330,30624529,Posted: 19 March,all,redstonermoves,THIS GAME ISAWESOME!OS_/10MAC8/10WINDOWSN/A/10it is rly laggy on mac xD that is all carry on now...........EDIT:come to think of it this game should cost USD$10-USD$15
76561198008345086,Recommended,598330,34448843,Posted: 23 August,all,Medic755,A real top-notch game. Can't wait to se what they come up with next. Only bugs I have found are the lines decide to stop working from time to time. I AM ADDICTED!!! Hoping for more planes and maybeeeee helicopters?
76561198349797864,Recommended,598330,34425827,Posted: 22 August,all,VenusianOrigin89,"SimAirport is a great game with good plans for the future, it lack content (although the latest update added a lot which helps) but this game IS early access and for what the Devs have planned, it has a lot of potential.  So if you like sim games this game is for you, but don't expect to see a truckload of content.  The game is still early access :)"
76561198014295821,Recommended,598330,30613393,Posted: 19 March,all,pala_0,A good game with lot of potential.AT THE MOMENT ONLY RECCOMENDET WITH A STRONG PC.Its Early Access So its not Optimized and sure there are bugs this is for what Early Access is for
76561198129687002,Recommended,598330,32086980,Posted: 31 May,all,kineticcrusher,"It's a good game for it's early state and it has a lot of customizability.Yep, that's all I'm gonna say."
,Recommended,598330,34769675,Posted: 5 September,all,Alex012,super game
76561198036811712,Recommended,598330,35135060,Posted: 22 September,all,princejoseph718,this is a great game.. the only thing missing is taxi way logic.
76561198310479111,Not Recommended,598330,30598629,Posted: 18 March,all,saeedxb,"amazing idea but right now not recomended to bye it because of1 bugs, a lot of bugs and crashes.2 game is confined to a few ideas.3 needed to improve and improve."
,Recommended,598330,30867736,Posted: 31 March,all,moflurkey,it says meeds a secure area but i fenced the crap out of it so how do i secure it?
,Recommended,598330,30868154,Posted: 31 March,all,Pixel Infinite,although there are still bugs to be fixed (as expected since its early access) this game is very addictive!
76561198012391981,Recommended,598330,30381997,Posted: 7 March,all,EmperorConan,love it
,Not Recommended,598330,30640163,Posted: 20 March,all,CAVOK,"Finally I decide to give this game a thumb up.The developers are still working hard on releasing patches. Few days ago this game is almost unplayable and I almost want to give up. But daily patches prove their hardwork and attitude as a developer.Remember they only release this game 2 weeks ago. So tons of patches, improvements already applied to this game. I never saw a developer is this adequate.===============================================Updated May 5, 2017After several months ,the vehicles are still blocking the road. I would wait devs to tweak that first before promising anything.===============================================Updated Sep 26, 2017Seriously? you still suck at pathfinding, and vehicle still stucks at corner."
76561198141143255,Recommended,598330,30573165,Posted: 17 March,all,Raptor King,"The game is grate in all but the sandbox mode is not what i consider sandbox as money witch in term in most sandbox modes from games like KSP,Cities Skylines and Avorion dose not have any money amount avalible for you to monitor and gain to continue or rescorces in sandbox mode your not limited by stats like that and also in KSP and other games with tech research and development in sandbox its all avalible from the start all technology is unlocked from the start in their sandbox modes. And i do get that this game is still early access but seriously they need to make this change in the next up date were sandbox mode is sandbox mode not carrer just labeled diffrent.Also i do get i am compairing many games that are very diffrent but sandbox mode in most games money and other rescorces are not limited in sandbox.And again plz tell me if i am doing something wrong and that i have found a bg were i dont get unlimited money in sandbox i mean it.But over all its a grate game its quality is the best for its price if you ask me its a steal."
,Recommended,598330,35309488,Posted: 29 September,all,Georgee,"Good game although needs some polishing, understand it’s still in early access. The game needs to be optimised, and fast, otherwise it’s a awesome game with awesome developers."
76561198067377763,Recommended,598330,35321223,Posted: 29 September,all,bravenau12,"Lets start this review by commenting how the game feels likeIt took  me a while to understand how to earn money and manage the flow - Tutorial neededThere should be a start page - Not just jumping directly to game play ( Allow ppl to load old games withhout getting the menu out)The game has a lot of bugs , especially when u start to expand the aifield - FIX  ITThe game simplified a lot of messy proceudres which is fantastic -BUT pls allow players to be more creative and more events  with regards to securityOverall , this is have done , needs a lot of improvement"
76561198015194370,Recommended,598330,30396685,Posted: 8 March,all,Charmander,Lets get down to it. Yes its Prison Architect but airport ofcourse the £18 is a big ask and personally i think its over priced for what you get but if you see pass that you have a game that challenges you and will only get better with time.  The buggy gameplay can get annoying but the devs are releasing fixes thick and fast so i am sure that it will be less buggy but it is a EA so bare with it.I do think in a couple of months the game will be worth the asking price but if you can see the direction its going its worth jumping on the wagon.
76561198005116675,Recommended,598330,30382204,Posted: 7 March,all,Kassel188,"I like this game. It has fun and easy to get into, however its still buggy. I do recommend this game, but advice to wait until they can sort out more bugs. Im not able to save my game now as a example."
76561198136430587,Recommended,598330,30400577,Posted: 8 March,all,chang644,"Problem with the food workers. They just stall and end up doing nothing after getting hired. Other then that, good game concept."
,Recommended,598330,34493007,Posted: 25 August,all,Testsnake,"Buy now, play once finished. Useless you're okay with early access. once you have it set the game to edge in the betas tab and you get daily updates. the game will then really be going somewhere."
,Recommended,598330,34643345,Posted: 31 August,all,Jguy,"This game is still in early access, but is fun as heck. Finally, a GOOD Airport Simulator. Look and feel of Prison Architect.Pros:* You can build your own airport (security area, bathrooms, food courts, gates, queues), customize flight schedules, hire and fire staff (janitors, security, gate and checkin staff, maintenance/builders)* You can use or build your own custom airlinesCons:* After around 8-10 gates on a map the game tends to slow down a lot, even if those gates are not active or there's no ""pax"" in your airport* The speed at which a pax walks in the game is not realistic, taking around 1-2 hours of in game time to get from one end of the airport to the other. There is so far no mechanisms to help them (like moving walkways or staff manned carts). The speed at which a pax moves needs to be adjusted big time.* Some visual glitches here and there.The developer updates nearly daily with an ""edge"" release which is the cutting edge of features and bug fixes. There's also an experimental branch and the regular one that you can all choose through the Beta tab in Steam. Overall a good game and would recommend you buy."
,Recommended,598330,34493559,Posted: 25 August,all,nach0king,"If it wasn't for the active dev team I wouldn't recommend this. However, despite having only purchased it recently, I've read the patch notes going back a few months and they are making continual improvements. Be forewarned - this still puts the early in early access. If you are looking for things like tutorials, missions, a proper game world etc. then you will be disappointed. However, if you want to get to grips with the game before those features arrive, you might still be interested.With no tutorial it'll take a few attempts before you figure out the optimum placement, or even what everything does, but playing around with terminal designs is quite fun and most importantly the passenger feedback is extremely transparent so your trial and error isn't maddeningly difficult or arbitrary. You'll (hopefully) soon find your way to making a decent profit and expanding, hiring a CFO and COO to help you expand fiscally and physically, and dealing with bigger airlines - and bigger planes - as time goes on.But time will go on and in the end it doesn't go anywhere: there is no mission complete, there is no goal. Those will come in time. For right now, it's about building, learning and optimizing, as opposed to reaching specific goals. If you're OK with that, this is a fairly basic but still very enjoyable sim that aviation buffs will get a kick out of. It's full of potential - it's up to you if you want to play it in the meantime or wait for it to be realized. For me, it's *just* on the right side of recommend, but I can see it getting way, way better in months to come."
76561198113780876,Recommended,598330,30395745,Posted: 8 March,all,Turk,The game is still in very early access but there is gameplay there. The devs have be amazing squashing all the bugs as soon as they have been reported. I love staring off in early access like PA from alpha 1 to its current full release. Every month a new update which helped me learn all the new features as they were added instead of buying a game out right and having to learn all the features at once.The way the devs are going constantly updating the game and answering our questions I would recommend this game it's a brilliant addition to the PA type games.
76561198008288852,Not Recommended,598330,34266682,Posted: 15 August,all,wkwillen,10 hours inn I feel like i've seen it all :(  Not worth 20 bucks.
76561198237362722,Not Recommended,598330,34168251,Posted: 11 August,all,A Lollipop,Could use a tutorial?
,Not Recommended,598330,31869513,Posted: 20 May,all,lemonlicker11,"The game is fun at first, but gets boring fast. The game would be worth it if it was around 5 dollarsPlease dont waste your money on this game"
,Not Recommended,598330,31867700,Posted: 20 May,all,perpetualmuppet,"Word of warning - there is no tutorial and none of the community guides are step-by-step. Unless you're prepared to dedicate decent amount of times into fathoming everything out, you'll probably get frustrated.As you have to put the effort into finding out how to play it yourself, it's not worth the asking price."
76561198070383346,Not Recommended,598330,30420754,Posted: 9 March,all,Swiss_Blitz,"While this is a nice game, it feels like something that is most definitly worth 20.00$ UDS. The AI is buggy and moves WAY TO SLOW. Getting people into the airport takes way too long when everything relies on one roadway (I know it can be upgraded, but still). The security checkpoints are absurd, with the people bouncing back and forward many times, and crowding only the first three or four detectors, causing a massive line while the rest were compleatly empty. The cafes were buggy as hell and would not work proplely. Mabey a tutorial or an introduction mission would be nice. As is, it is worth only 10.00$ UDS at MAXIMUM. Wait untill this game gets fixed big time before you buy."
,Not Recommended,598330,30456485,Posted: 11 March,all,Jansson Levererar,Couldn´t save the game because something happend so I had to close the game or Steam. So I lost all my content.Defently not worth 22€ maybe 5-10€ But above all under 22 €
,Not Recommended,598330,30416132,Posted: 9 March,all,LordTurki,Too buggy for those who want to have a fun.
,Not Recommended,598330,34212170,Posted: 13 August,all,Camzy,This game is missing a tutorial to teach new players the basics and was really hard to figure out what i had to do in order to start my airport up this should not be on early access if it cant even teach new players the basics it needs more time before it should be put into this stage have requested a refund and may give it another chance in the future when it's actually worth it.
,Not Recommended,598330,34415483,Posted: 22 August,all,metal militia,"I wish this game was going anywhere in development but its simply a blatent ripoff of prison architect, now with airplanes!"
76561198279598406,Recommended,598330,31411251,Posted: 28 April,all,stat,hi
76561198106621740,Not Recommended,598330,31530019,Posted: 3 May,all,siskens,Abosuletly worst game to play on a mac. Video FX are horrible and the playability is just not there
76561198093026877,Not Recommended,598330,30548884,Posted: 16 March,all,Bags77,"Nice idea, unfortunately really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ implemented.You guys really need a QA department.. I would get fired asap for something buggy as this!"
76561198292005880,Recommended,598330,33135583,Posted: 2 July,all,rektman18,THE BEST SIMULATION GAME IN THE WORLDAS SOON AS THIS GAME GOES OUT OF EARLY ACCESS IT WILL BE THE SIMULATION GAME OUT THERE
76561198119391283,Not Recommended,598330,34424907,Posted: 22 August,all,GothicTurtle500,just too boring needs more stuff
76561198114464005,Not Recommended,598330,31505331,Posted: 2 May,all,Holy,This game needs a big tutorial beginning to be able to understand everything.
76561198040737065,Recommended,598330,30384097,Posted: 7 March,all,Bagodonuts,Yes it's riddled with bugs BUT the developer is constantly answering bug reports and questions and with 3 patches today alone 3/7 I have to say give this one a chance. So far it's fun and seems to have a dedicated development team. Can't wait to see what they add next.
,Recommended,598330,30384468,Posted: 7 March,all,Bodda,"Seems fun, but needs alot more work. Barely playable at the moment.Thumbs up for now. Let see what the Devs do."
76561198286372772,Not Recommended,598330,30499550,Posted: 13 March,all,casper.schwarz,"If only I wouldve spend more time seeing if this would be a good game. Ill save you the trouble. Do not buy this game.Its very incomplete, this basicaly is a waaaaayy worse version of rimworld or prison architect. Man I dont even know where to start. It just feels very awkward playing this game, you just jump into the game without an tutorial and its not that selfexplainitory. You can just play one map and no settings what so ever. With prison architect every game you start is different but here there is NO room for being creative. BUGS EVERYWHERE, customers cant leave a room, things wont connect, popups overlapping, the cost of everything ans starting money is totaly unbalanced. I could go on and on.I know its an early acces BUT FREAKIN 22 EURO'S This is so not worth 22 euro's. I wouldnt even play it more than an hour if it was free. And thats aside of the terrible lag you have when you try to speed the ingame time up a bit even when you have just started a new map.I'm mad, I feel scammed and I want my money back."
,Recommended,598330,30647211,Posted: 20 March,all,rbaird420,WOULD REALLY RECOMEND THIS GAME WHEN PLAYING IT I ONLY EXPERIENCED A LITTILE LAG BUT TO BE ACCPECTED AS IN EARLY ACCSESS. IF YOU ENJOY PRISON ARCHITECT THEN YOU WILL REALLY ENJOY THIS GAME. FOR ONLY BEING OUT 2 WEEKS THE DEVELIPOR IF VERY ACTIVE ON UPDATES FOR THE GAME.YOU CAN BUILD THE AIRPORT FROM THE BEGINNING WITH AN EMPTY PLOT AND BUILD EVERYTHING FROM THE FENCE AROUND THE AIRPORT THE BAGGAGE CONVARER BELT TAKING THE BAGS FROM CHECK IN TO THE AIRCRAFT VERY FUN COMPLETE FREEDOM ON WHAT TO DO IN GAMEIF YOU WANT TO SEE THE GAME BEFORE BUYING IT I WILL HAVE A GAMPLAY UP ON YOUTUBE AT RYAN DOES
76561198051710215,Not Recommended,598330,30706692,Posted: 24 March,all,elhmiw,there are plenty of things that bugged in this game currently. they are bugged to a degree that ruins the gameplay totalyannnnnnnnnd there is no tutorial for this game at all.FAIL
76561198031738272,Not Recommended,598330,30679245,Posted: 22 March,all,puckinator,Unplayable so far.  Basic mechanics of laying floors and walls dont work at all.   Dont Buy.
76561198023064786,Not Recommended,598330,30706901,Posted: 24 March,all,Isochron,No ingame help or tutorial and no information found online to explain how to even make a runway.
76561198368997185,Not Recommended,598330,30626859,Posted: 19 March,all,shadyunicorn666,"it is a good game and i love the consept.....  but it should cost less and NEEDS ALL THE BUGS TO BE FIXED, i cant play it anymore because once i get to day 6 the busses dont load people so it causes a pile up and then the people wont go into the airport, so i go into debt and it happens in sandbox too so on day 6 the pile up happens and it wont let me build anything."
76561198042562381,Not Recommended,598330,30716469,Posted: 24 March,all,"|..|,",Not a complete game. Named after Sim series and mentions Tycoon in the description. It's about .5% of any Sim or Tycoon title.
,Recommended,598330,31146289,Posted: 14 April,all,[DN]charleselihardie,"Great game, a little over priced but it is really laggy when your air port get bigger and I have a $1500 custom built computer ."
76561198064158255,Not Recommended,598330,30677419,Posted: 22 March,all,Ryoko Darkstar,"Vehicles keep getting stuck at the entry point. I am unable to even BUILD an airport because it's all STUCK, crammed into each other. Wait a while longer, also, when you get around 250 people inside, lag starts to build."
76561198009469170,Recommended,598330,32019636,Posted: 28 May,all,mukk,"(EA review, may 2017)- airport manager that looks like it's based on Prison Architect engine (it is not), so same mechanics, look & feel- basic systems are already in place and work mostly bugfree- very responsive dev team, regular updates- sandbox and career mode (career mode means fixed starting cash)- create zones like ticketing, security, baggage claim, etc. to control passenger flow- create cafes and build some vending machines and other stuff to get some money out of your passengers while they are clogging your terminal.- build a baggage routing system to haul all that luggage to and from the planes- flexible timeslots for flights, so if you think you can handle a 90 minute turnaround for that 747, go for it (good luck)- build huge airports with multiple runways and lots of gates (see steam workshop for pics)bottom line: good start for an early access title, few bugs, active devs, regular updates.if you like prison architect playstyle and like planes, this one is for you!"
,Not Recommended,598330,30515233,Posted: 14 March,all,Raptorial,"There is a great potential. A lot of mechanics seem to work like Prison Architect. I could type as much as I want about this game, but my conclusion is short: wait a while, the game isn't playable enough in its current state, for the price it has.Be patient if you're short on moneyBuy if you want to support the development"
76561198028336665,Recommended,598330,30380066,Posted: 7 March,all,Maddmaxxxxx,"Ok just got this... And yeah this has great potential, it is very prison architect engine but good ther is some problems with people getting stuck in the walls and other stuff not moving or moving around for no reason....Anyway I have done a 45 ish min video of it so check it out....https://youtu.be/jU1eeAw3r68"
,Recommended,598330,30578986,Posted: 17 March,all,Gkrier,"This is an excellent concept but there are a lot of bugs with the game. The good thing is that the devs push out updates almost daily with optimization, game play, and Bug fixes. In a week i bet the devs would probably fix 70% of the bugs."
,Recommended,598330,30580532,Posted: 17 March,all,AntonDrk,"Incredible Game, very addictive!"
76561198330580520,Recommended,598330,30859579,Posted: 31 March,all,mhotchkin,My game keeps on crashing before i can play how do i send it to the developer
,Recommended,598330,30747391,Posted: 26 March,all,818 FF. Joe,Its ok but for now. So many bugs
76561197999262082,Recommended,598330,30370509,Posted: 7 March,all,Sydney,"This game have alot of potential.Highly enjoyable, if you're not bugged with dealing with bugs.This is for me acceptable due to the fact it's an alpha release.The developers released within a few hours a patch to quickly deal with the most annoying bugs.So this game got my support and i believe in the developers in creating an unique sim game.Thus spending 21 euros isn't an outrageous amount."
76561198001579165,Recommended,598330,30382638,Posted: 7 March,all,Densha De Go!,"For what it can become, it's worth it."
,Recommended,598330,30383309,Posted: 7 March,all,Scones,This game is probably one of the best purchases I've done so far in 2017! Can't wait to see the updates!
,Not Recommended,598330,33818353,Posted: 26 July,all,OCHO MUERTE,Game is very dificult to figure out... NO TUTORIAL TO HELP....
76561198019085602,Not Recommended,598330,33739800,Posted: 23 July,all,pedror,messed up gameplay. boring after a few hours. and really slow performance on big airports. I know this is in alpha but i cannot recomend the game since updates have worsen the experience instead of addressing the real problems..
,Not Recommended,598330,30366680,Posted: 6 March,all,123,"I bought the game thinking that it'll be as-developed as similar games already since it's a copy of Prison Architect but with an airport theme. Apparently not, there are still many many bugs in the game.Such bugs include:-Passengers and staff getting stuck in walls.-No sandbox mode even though it says there is.-Horrible sound bug that makes you want to mute the game.-Placement issues.-No tutorial yet, but will be released.-Issues putting the game in full screen.I vote no as a recommended game because I get bored too easily when there's too many bugs. I am not a true early-access supporter. But, the game has potential, and I'm sure the developers will continue to bring out updates, but for now, you truly need to be a dedicated early-access supporter."
76561198130785215,Not Recommended,598330,35042161,Posted: 18 September,all,vpbblock,"This game can be fun, but Dev´s don´t charge 21,99 for this unstable and unfinished game. there bugs in this game that almost come out of my screen. Constant weird Textures on the screen. If you want to play this save alot because constant crashing. 21,99 is alot money for this game.2/10"
,Not Recommended,598330,30448238,Posted: 11 March,all,jd210,"Wow, I know this game is early access but really? I've just submitted a 22 item bug report which I think goes to show how many bugs there still are. This game should not have been released when it was, another 2/3 months of development should have gone into it. I can only think the devs got worried by Airport CEO putting out a gameplay video.I think had this game cost £8-10 I could have accepted most of the bugs but at £18.99 it's at the price of some great games on their full release or when they were much better developed. Thinking of Banished, Factorio, Minecraft even Another brick in the mall (which looks very similar).This game could turn out good once the fixes have been made and A LOT of new content is added. And although some credit goes to the devs for updating daily this game was not ready even for early access."
76561198263030999,Not Recommended,598330,33727077,Posted: 22 July,all,A Random Guy,"Don't be confused by the ""non-recommended"" sign, this IS a good game.But in reality,It's all just a big scam.When I first bought this game in march, I thought this game would be at some point complete, and I understood the developers were taking so long.But now, the updates have worsened, and what is an ""update"" is usually something added to your expenses to make you less money.In June, I found out about Airport CEO, a game that looked very polished, realistic, and of huge variety, even from pre-alpha stages.I am now waiting for Airport CEO to come out, this game was a waste.If SimAirport really wants to improve, they need to add more variety. Shops are confined to just a ""retail"" zone, same with restaraunts. They could also add contracts from companies to build highways, parking, etc.There is plenty more things to talk about, but you can just go tohttps://www.airportceo.com/to see it all.If SimAirport wants to continue, it must learn to strengthen up before it gets washed away by competition.That is it, I have no more to say. If you want to see more, just go to the website 2 sentences above this one.Have a nice day.UPDATE: The developer got triggered at me, so i had to delete his comments. Why is he triggered, the fact that Airport CEO is a better game or that it's release date is right around the corner? We may never know."
76561198068202991,Not Recommended,598330,34530171,Posted: 27 August,all,MikeDavison700,"In my opinion, pretty much unplayable in early release form. Even for early release, I couldn't really get to grips with it. I am a huge fan of Prison Architect and cannot wait for this game to be finished and playable. But there is no on-boarding, or explanation of how to use luggage conveyor belts, etc...I got bored after 30 minutes as couldn't really do anything yet.When its all done, this will be excellent, but would say do not buy it yet."
76561197999771051,Not Recommended,598330,31710302,Posted: 12 May,all,Slippery Pete,"Decent enough game, for a 'flash browser game'.I'd say check in again in a year or so, maybe it's been fleshed out a bit more."
76561198292551097,Not Recommended,598330,30645957,Posted: 20 March,all,WyattSHL,"I mean Dev.. ""Early Access Game"" doesn't mean developing the game together with the player FROM THE SCRATCH. It's almost crap; way far from even beta testing.Don't be proud of yourself for fixing numerous bugs every day; it supposed to be done before releasing even it's the early access. It cannot be happened in the gaming history once again.The AI thing is stupid; there is no reason to put more ""things"" for the characters since they go to the closest thing from them.Basic functions are crashing down. Saving, loading, and zoom in and out the screen.Mac Pro cannot run this game properly (lol), and the fan spins on full blast.No reason to buy this game unless someone wants to pay them and work for them."
76561198089212488,Not Recommended,598330,34626360,Posted: 30 August,all,Dundee,"What a glowing turd this is. Don't bother. Plagued with performance issues when you get to about 500 sims +.Nothing new once you've built a couple gates, just repetition and lag. Enjoy."
,Not Recommended,598330,34241128,Posted: 14 August,all,BlackMamba,I feel like this game was released prematurely. There are tons of bugs and you get bored very easily. Played a grand total of 16 hours before giving up.I've been following another software for a while (long before simairport came out) that is a lot more promising.. ACEO.
76561197995564839,Not Recommended,598330,30454997,Posted: 11 March,all,Disonyxiated,"Played for 5 minutes, edge scrolling was crap, also I found it very uncomfortable to navigate, build etc. I don't wanna spend time using WASD to move around. Decided to refund for now."
76561198046403761,Not Recommended,598330,30563296,Posted: 16 March,all,rizmo1981,can i have my money back?!
,Not Recommended,598330,30517243,Posted: 14 March,all,Dave,"I don't by any means have the most powerful PC on earth but it certainly isn't below the recommended. There is some MAJOR and i mean MAJOR performance tweaking needed here.Admittedly I was pushing the game to its limits at first with around 25/30 builders, As soon as I put them to work the game becomes unplayable until they finish what they're doing. As a side note I had the graphical settings set to ' Best' which I then changed to Fastest. Which didn't seem to have any effect on performance whatsoever.I can understand their disclaimer at the start that tells you NOT to use the 'Start From Scratch' option that is available.Demolishing and rebuild is definitely not a recomendation but in the interests of testing I wanted to see what it could handle at this point.As a bit of a benchmark I then fired all but 5 of my builders and still had the same issue, there is some major work needed on the optimisation front. I feel like the actual employee sprites (especially the buiders) could be less detailed which may improve the performance. Hoever I am not a developer nor do I understand game engines but considering it look no better than Prison Architect I can easily say that Prison Architect was in a MUCH better state at the same time in release of Early Alpha (I had EA of that too from Kickstarter).On the whole a nice game with massive potential, quirky style and generally quite promising. There are plenty of features I would like to see added and a lot of what already exists I would like to see adapted to work slightly differently.I would however save the £18.99 until it is in a better state from a few more patches unless you are extremely patient with sluggish games."
76561198033212173,Not Recommended,598330,30519637,Posted: 14 March,all,rrcottin,"This one was released way too early.  Nice concept (basically Prison Architect in an airport) but is currently a pretty shallow implementation in terms of features.  But, the big issue is that it is way to buggy to charge money for.  I don't mind helping the devs with a new game.  But, it needs to actually be tested some by the developers first.  They either never played their own game, are the worst testers ever or just decided to let the community shake out all their bugs.  Not cool.  I would suggest a long wait before looking at this one if you are interested."
76561198078991065,Not Recommended,598330,30459054,Posted: 11 March,all,Aces324,"Wow... I've never written a review before. But I've also never been this dissatisfied. This ""game"" is bad. Game is in quotations because frankly I'm not sure you can call it that. It's definitely not a sim either.Pros:It looks like RimWorld and Prison Architect. (it's not)Cons:Game performance is bad, even at the lowest sim speed.There's nothing functionally fun about this game either. I have tried just getting started on this thing more than 3 times now and haven't had an ounce of fun yet.It's just bad. I wouldn't recommend it even if it were free. Save the disk space"
76561198062580203,Recommended,598330,30875217,Posted: 1 April,all,Deadline,"In the game sims airport a lot of bugs and other issues. Among them are:1. Direct Rupture If the picture has long game in play it.2. Passengers are always silent in the gate, so that other passengers becomes difficult to enter.3. Should This game can not say Nice is still confusing.4. Love Loading slow in Sign Games and Love Loading long When Put Goods for completeness airport.Thank's been making games that make us be creative in the work"
,Not Recommended,598330,31930338,Posted: 24 May,all,P*ter,"should be in pre alpha, not enough content for alpha"
76561198125075780,Recommended,598330,31984009,Posted: 26 May,all,Lich King,i like it but aits nat full i witsh you do a full game
,Recommended,598330,30602151,Posted: 18 March,all,FloThirst Gaming,When i first got the game on day one there were lots of bug that made save games uselless and you would have to start again but very quickly over the next few days the devs must have had a few sleepless nights as it's got so much better and they nearly do bug fixes every day.I would highly recommend this game to anyone and eveyone.I Have been doing a few Gameplay Videos on youtube if you want to check it out.https://www.youtube.com/edit?o=U&video_id=X5JLAGWwIYs
,Not Recommended,598330,30369167,Posted: 7 March,all,BoyBlue,"The game is laggy as hell, functions does not work properly ( not even for a early acces! ) Sandbox is not really sandbox mode, as soon as you start removing stuff (e.g. deleting the standard building thats there) the game crashes at random. Waited months for this game to get released and now they could have not disappointed me more with this game. #SaidDayForAGamerSo, If your in for an game that is not even NEARLY in an 'early access' status, don't mind half of the functions prior to this game is not working, by all means, you MUST have this game in your collection. If you just like me, like games doing what they claim to do, then don't buy this game."
76561198144406557,Not Recommended,598330,30467080,Posted: 12 March,all,lance3poo,Please fix the lag that will occur EVERY 10 GOD DAMN SECONDS
76561198057817586,Not Recommended,598330,31983854,Posted: 26 May,all,VoicedGamer,"Not fun and keeps crashing every other minute literally can not play for 5 minutes without getting angry at everything. Out of the 250 games I have, This is the only one that has ever made me feel the NEED to refund. - I have some pretty bad games in my library so that's really saying something.To the developers - If you are going to copy prison architect's ui, at least copy all of its good features and think up some things to do BETTER not worse!! Everything feels like prison architect but like a cheap copy and a REALLY bad one at that. I'm not usually one to bother tearing a game apart in a review but I mean come on, Copy the ui right, Not like a flash game from 2007.I never actually got to the gameplay portion because the game crashed every other literal minute. I don't see this game going anywhere.SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR AIRPORT CEO!!This one isn't worth $19.99 and surely will not hold you until that one gets early access.I'm not even going to comment about the graphics or lack thereof. The inability to right click to deselect, etc. All the good details in prison architect are just flat out missing. You also have to research how to build roads.. WHAT?! Why?! That is so stupid, I was playing a sandbox mode and you still have to research everything, its literally pointless. Just a time wall before you can really design your airport. Never got to the enjoyment part because EVERYTHING triggered me about the creators design choices. It's really really bad. Sandbox mode doesn't even have unlimited money... Why call it sandbox mode then?? Jeeze..."
76561198343564648,Not Recommended,598330,34258706,Posted: 15 August,all,Lv01 Magikarp,"Wish there was a neautral option but seeing as I refunded I guess I can't really recommend the game at this current time.Whilst it seems great and has a lot of potential you're just thrown into it all with no real guidance on setting up basics, it was more frustrating than fun but as I said, it has a lot of potential and I like the look of it.One to watch, especially when some form of tutorial or tips are added."
,Recommended,598330,30367767,Posted: 6 March,all,aequalitas,"Shows a lot of potential - still in early stages (as of release day) - but Early Access, so no shock there. Looking forward to seeing it fully developed. Enjoyed initial few hours with what is already there."
76561198335128491,Not Recommended,598330,33844622,Posted: 27 July,all,Leroy Jenk1ns10,"I really wanted to enjoy this game but something was off. I hated not being able to swipe on a MacBook Pro mouse to move the screen. Also, the save feature is terrible. Your saved game should load up as soon as you open the game, which it did not. Overall, I did not enjoy this game. I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone. Save your money instead."
76561198042346515,Not Recommended,598330,30507530,Posted: 14 March,all,Noob,Nice concept but horibally designed and programmed. game doesnt work properly.
76561198369495601,Not Recommended,598330,30498176,Posted: 13 March,all,brax1229,this game looks good but it wont let me zoom in or out. HELP ME!!!!!
76561198000515537,Recommended,598330,32682994,Posted: 23 June,all,CrapHat,OMG!!!...   Fab Game.   So much to do... fun fun fun... Please get it!!!!!Have been waiting for a sim game like this for such a long time.....Awesome!!!!!!!   11 Stars out of 10!!!!!!
76561198048048796,Recommended,598330,33323720,Posted: 6 July,all,kierankent,good game
76561198169461564,Not Recommended,598330,30508278,Posted: 14 March,all,TheIronSpike,Pros*Fun concept*good gameCons* FPS is terrible*Gliches alot*LAGGY as ~~~~Over all DONT get it
,Not Recommended,598330,34525619,Posted: 27 August,all,Ratman,Terrible Game
,Not Recommended,598330,33776524,Posted: 24 July,all,Cheesy Wotsit,"So where do I start, well let's start with the obvious I went in to this game expecting something very similar to Prison Architect only with Airports. Too simple, not a great conmparison? I dunno I spent 70 minutes playing the game before requesting a refund. The simple reason the total lack of any form of tutorial, the frankly awful UI that does deliver a few tool tips but seems to have three buttons that could contain any one of the things that you are meant to building not that you will know what you're meant to be building because, like I said, their is nothing even close to a tutorial in this game.So here's how many experience with the game went. Loaded it up selected new game expected some sort of tool tip or pop up to give me some guidelines on at least where I should start. When nothing appeared I started just messing around playing with options, clicking buttons and seeing what's what. So my first game got me as far as drawing a few queue lines, cause we all love queues and wondering why no planes and no people seemed to come to my airport.I decided that the schedule button would maybe have something to do with it only to find that upon opening this menu I needed to do some research on a specific topic which upon looking in the research menu didn;t seem to either be unlocked yet or exist.So first look at a let's play video (Hint to the developer: LET'S PLAY VIDEOS IS NOT HOW NEW PLAYERS TO YOUR GAME SHOULD BE LEARNING ABOUT THE BASICS OF YOUR GAME.)So my first let's play video had intorduced me to the basic concepts, I can maybe finally start making an airport.My second attempt at an airport went something like this, drew some more queues, like I said everyone loves queues. Finally found out where and how to get planes to come to my airport and finally started getting people arriving and using my airport. Whoop we are starting to get somewhere, decided to make myself a proper baggage handling line, set everything up only to find a flashing ! mark on my taxiway delivery system telling me that it needed to be connected to both a ticket desk as well as a baggage carousel. Hmmm well I've joined the blue arrows and the pink arrows via a baggage line, won't else should I do? Good question because with no tutorial you could be left wondering. So I demolished re laid, sorted and tweaked and still kept getting the same error.So time for my second let's play videoHave now watched my second let's play and it seems I haven't done anything differently to the guy in the video, expect his baggage system works and mine keeps flashing an error at me. Opt to demolish the system totally and try expanding my airport only to find that selecting wall and trying to draw a wall gives you the error 'cannot be placed outside' yeah a WALL that CAN'T be placed OUTSIDE. This is where I go back toi Prison Architect and go looking for a foundation or some other building placing icon. I don't find it and opt to give up and refund this game here.So time for my third let's play videoNow maybe I am a glutton for punishment, maybe I am stupid, who knows but I opt to watch another let's play video on this game.So here we are, this time I now know that their IS a foundation button expect that it is in another menu and due to some issue with the game currently displays the letter N with 'foundatio' being obscured inside the icon. Yup EA, and my rapidly rising levels of annouance with this game are to blame for missing it the last time. So I expand my airport, build a better security area, get a 6 plane schedule running, improve my ticketing area and start to set up my baggage system again and yet again the ! error message appears, again I spend some time messing around, testiung retesting and then give up.To put it simply the game is awful, it's not the fact that it lacks a tutorial it's the fact that it lacks any form of guidance what so ever. The issue with baggage set up I dunno what it is, if it's a bug then yeah fool me but if it's because I didn;t setup or lay down the baggage lines in some magical specific manner or order then surely THIS is something that should at least explained within the game. The fact that I had to refer to a let's play video not once, not twice but three times just to get the very basics of how to start the game let alone the more complex systems that may get introduced to the game at a later stage is frankly unforgiveable.The game is EA just now I perhaps at a later stage a full more detail and clear tutorial on the games concepts may get introduced but the problem is that given the game doesn't explain anything to you you're stuck in this awful area of wondering is something isn;t working because it's an EA bug or because you haven't understood the finer details of how a concept within the game is suppossed to work and frankly it means the game isn't fun and as such I cannot recommend the game in it's current state."
76561198078483174,Not Recommended,598330,31475814,Posted: 30 April,all,connorgannon95,terrible! wish i didnt buy this game
76561198095178857,Not Recommended,598330,30496293,Posted: 13 March,all,tn,"Bad, very bad. On the site to simairport, they said that it might take a year or more to get it right! I tried it for over 2 hour, so I did not get any refund. Steam is to big so they dont care about customer at all. Keep away, the ""game"" is terrible, and will be it for a VERY long time."
76561198057899333,Not Recommended,598330,30658790,Posted: 21 March,all,cam_corp,cafe + kitchen is broken.Not recommended until fixed
76561198277359000,Not Recommended,598330,30836496,Posted: 30 March,all,ncb.ern,I had high expectations about this game. BUT where is the runway and taxiways?? It seems like they are hidden by the grass.
,Recommended,598330,30544420,Posted: 16 March,all,KriZ,<3
,Not Recommended,598330,30561090,Posted: 16 March,all,Matthew Leugior,♥♥♥♥♥game DO NOT BUY
76561197996864736,Not Recommended,598330,31365029,Posted: 25 April,all,jabbajosh,no tutorial
76561198014907281,Not Recommended,598330,32434591,Posted: 15 June,all,sydneyghost,"This game sucks so bad. I've played for about 30 mins and am so bored. I wish I didn't read the reviews telling me how good this was because it isn't.Some reviews say its like prison architecht but its more like that mall game that came out last year. Please do not buy for $20, its worth about $5 in its current state.Its just so slow, there is no tutorial yet and nothing to keep me interested.Refund I think."
76561198096136455,Not Recommended,598330,31697976,Posted: 12 May,all,DcJaeger,We were waiting for a good airport game for so long... but releasing it so early that the game looks like if its in a developing process.. the game is full of bug no matter what update they do .. i never played a full game .. always ends with a crash or a bug.. dont buy this waste of money
76561198095734620,Not Recommended,598330,30662545,Posted: 21 March,all,Darkness,there's no tutorial for the game just instructions.you should add a basic tutorial
,Not Recommended,598330,30892827,Posted: 1 April,all,AD4Pres,its like a worse version of prisoner architect...
76561197969087711,Not Recommended,598330,35499310,Posted: 5 October,all,cliffski,"its...ok. Its a very bare bones sim game and the art style is pretty off putting. There really is not enough depth to it, or enough content, and also the interface is....not great. I cant say its worth getting at this stage, sorry!"
76561198156435513,Not Recommended,598330,30910106,Posted: 2 April,all,Dam-aay,"Could not even open the game. I Can't reccomend it if i have not been able to play it, Sorry."
76561198102325193,Not Recommended,598330,30757038,Posted: 26 March,all,jimenezda1989,"horrible game, dont waste your time, money or effort on this game"
76561198004608407,Not Recommended,598330,35354499,Posted: 30 September,all,TwoStepsFromHell,"I love management games.This one not so much. Extremly poor game without any mind behind anything. I would be happy to see this game ever being completed, or playable. For months, it has not.DO NOT PAY FOR THIS."
76561198380544915,Not Recommended,598330,31118736,Posted: 13 April,all,KyleChatmanYT,it dont work for pc
,Not Recommended,598330,30477079,Posted: 12 March,all,Cassidy,So awful dont waste your money on this game. I tried playing the game and it wont even let me expand the starter airport it gives you. Take my advice save your money.0/10
76561198165179116,Not Recommended,598330,33910575,Posted: 30 July,all,Dr.Pickel,$500 FOR A ♥♥♥♥ING GARBAGE BIN
76561198093576285,Not Recommended,598330,35414919,Posted: 2 October,all,[GG] LonelyFlying,Very poor game with lacking fetures and updates. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
76561198281619522,Recommended,598330,32842638,Posted: 26 June,all,VFkkw,"If this game supports Chinese, I'm sure it will sell over a million copiesIf this game supports Chinese, I'm sure it will sell over a million copiesIf this game supports Chinese, I'm sure it will sell over a million copiesIf this game supports Chinese, I'm sure it will sell over a million copiesIf this game supports Chinese, I'm sure it will sell over a million copiesIf this game supports Chinese, I'm sure it will sell over a million copies"
76561198161033421,Not Recommended,598330,32759429,Posted: 24 June,all,erkinbora,"Bought the game, looked around for 6 minutes and asked for a refund! The poor graphics are the reason. The game looks like the 90's DOS based games.It may have lots of details and maybe make you feel like an airport manager but no visual joy :("
76561197961774579,Recommended,598330,30402896,Posted: 8 March,all,Br4Vo,"Understanding that the game is still on it's alpha stages, the game is way too bugged out. I can not build my own airport without workers getting stuck on every object that I place. Please fix this issue ASAP so I can see what the real game is about."
76561197990635439,Recommended,598330,30401459,Posted: 8 March,all,a9249,"VERY beta, buggy as hell, but has good potential. Addictive enough that you keep playing through the constant crashing."
,Recommended,598330,30431975,Posted: 10 March,all,Captain Яελαχ,"Now, keep in mind that this game is currently in a pretty early phase of EA.It still has a lot of bugs and lacks some content which would be great to have.Based on the current state of the game, I wouldn't recommend it, If you have problems with bugs. But, the Devs are one of those kind of devs, who are actually doing a lot for their game. Constant rolling of patches and bug fixes, a lot of major gamebraking bugs (Stucked Garbage trucks, Stucked passenger, Crashes for e.g.) are already fixed or at least reduced to an amount which isn't gamebraking.If the Devs keep up this work, you can expect a great AirportSim in PA Style which will bring a lot of fun and challenge. Will it be worth the money? Currently only If you love that kind of genre and you are patient, when the game is polished? Definetly.But again: DON'T BUY IF YOU AREN'T PATIENT OR INTO THIS GENRE!"
76561198090730192,Not Recommended,598330,30433973,Posted: 10 March,all,Bad1,"Too incomplete for 20.00 bucks, it is not worth 10.00 as is.Too many problems with passenger pathfinding, too many ways for passengers to get permanently glitched.So, once you figure out how to get queues, metal detectors, gate agents, etc… working efficiently, you find out that your high end gaming computer can’t handle the volume of passengers of even a few 150+ capacity flights, things just slow to a crawl, forget adding a large gate, the PC will explode!Saving and loading a game always breaks the game. Planes that don’t leave, conveyors that disappear, etc... So forget saving, every time you play you start from scratch.The game is badly optimized and has little content."
,Not Recommended,598330,30448845,Posted: 11 March,all,MrBramwell,"I can't recommend this game after playing (or trying to) a bit more.Update:After playing a bit more, I've given up, the bugs in the game at the moment, makes it unplayable.- AI is REALLY bad, flat out, people get stuck in walls and objects.- If there's two places in a toilet that has got ""dirty"" floor, and a janitor goes to clean up,he cleans one floor, then proceeds to clean somewhere else, instead of cleaning the nearest dirt.- People miss flights even though there's no queues.- People missing flights, will still check through security, only to go home right after- People loop around the metal detectors.- If you place queues for the Gate check in, the flights can get delayed by up to 60+ minutes.In aviation that kind of delay would almost certainly cancel an entire flight.- Cafe's are entirely broken and makes everyone stuck in the cafe.- The economy needs looked at, the amount of staff and objects you need to be able to serve a single Boeing 707 for instance, is way too expensive compared to the income from the flight.- If you decide to build a foundation, then cancel it, to adjust, you cant build another foundation in the same area ever again, cause it'll be blocked by ""Construction in progress"" or something to that effect.- If you place build walls, then later demolish them, they get removed and you've got grass, and it's treated as ""outside""- The security exit, meant for arriving passengers to leave through, doesn't work.I like the game and what it can be, but in its current state, I can't recommend it, I may be harsh seeing as it's an early access and alpha, but at the price it's sat at now €22, these bugs shouldn't be here, the real price should've been €9,99 maybe even as low as €4,99The game is overwhelmingly dissappointing.I've put in a request for a refund."
,Recommended,598330,30460340,Posted: 11 March,all,Barry  @Just Gonna send It,This is a good game. Some of the bugs are a bit annoying but the game is early access. You have to expect bugs in an EA game. Other than the bugs the game is very enjoyable. Can’t wait for updates that bring many new features.
76561198009982285,Recommended,598330,30460010,Posted: 11 March,all,DizzySquash,"I was able to get this game for free, and it is a joy to play. I loved the prison architect game and how much customization one could do. This game will mimic or beat it one day. I have a passion for aviation, and managment with creativity. I feel I am actually trying to get people to their destinations and my brain holds the key to the peoples satisfaction. The bathrooms are a bit wonky-unisex no privacy. Everyone just seems to poop on the floor and leave. I have a good laugh everytime. Obviously bugs, but the dev team will hopefully stick with this game and add more things in the near future!"
76561198077663073,Recommended,598330,30454836,Posted: 11 March,all,Gabphi,This is definitely very early access. I loved the sound of this game and one I have been looking for a long time. I took a big gamble and paid the full price.  I have not been diappointed. There was no keyboard zoom keys and reported this to the developers. I was impressed with the speed of the response and the patch fix. This game has so much potential. It is not the final product and be prepared to pay more for an excellent finished product after all the hard work the developers have done eventually. the patches and fixes are currently daily including weekends
76561198120539943,Recommended,598330,30455842,Posted: 11 March,all,halcyon441,"Of what it is so far, I like it. Lots of bugs for sure, but it's in early access, what else can I say? Only thing otherwise is that the price should be brought down by at least 5 dollars- 20 is a bit too much for a game this young and raw. Lots of potential otherwise, and I look forward to its development!"
,Recommended,598330,30457131,Posted: 11 March,all,sambunting,"As someone who likes airports and someone who likes Prison Architect, this seems like a great combonation to me personaly, and I have enjoyed what I have seen so far. When it comes to being an early access game, this is a game. It is by no means complete, and has *massive* room for improvement and additional features such as management, customs and immigration, cargo terminals and a bit more attention to detail all around.The game is by no means in a stable state (AI is not perfect, and handfull of bugs), but it is playable, and it is enjoyable.My only concern is that I don't want this game to become abandoned like may Early Access games, and I think I have taken a gamble to have paid £20 for a game which may never be complete. I hope to someday that the game gets to a full state like Prison Architect is now with an active comunity.In conclusion: Yes, I would recomend this game, but just keep in mind that you are buying a game which is by no means complete, but it has massive potential."
,Recommended,598330,30462028,Posted: 11 March,all,Propane and Propane accessories,Fix the bugs and it will be good
76561198296891593,Recommended,598330,30470026,Posted: 12 March,all,Live.Life.Love,I like this game a lot more than the other game maybe this game should have more staff in it but still I can't stop loving about this game it just the best game I have ever seen
76561198032521016,Recommended,598330,30433964,Posted: 10 March,all,artemio997,"Rushed into early access too quickly and the price is too high. Patches have been coming out daily however and that has helped to make this more playable. If you've been looking for an airport management game and don't mind the price, give this a try."
76561198007657584,Recommended,598330,30436102,Posted: 10 March,all,DiegoIzquierda,"I am an early investor in a game with fantastic potential.  The developers have been clear that this is a work in progress and have been working tremendously hard to put out daily patches to fix the ""game killing"" bugs.  If you are interested in a finished product, come back in a couple of months and you won't be disappointed!  Personally, I've been waiting for a game like this since I was a kid and couldn't be happier to support the developers moving forward.  I highly recommend this game, not for the polish, but for what it will grow into."
,Recommended,598330,30444375,Posted: 11 March,all,cRAGGLE_Oz,"Did some research watching others on YouTube and then bought to support!Really buggy right now obviously but there are a few cool features to play with. Couldn't tolerate the bugs for too long so bailed. Should be pretty addictive given time and love. Biggest feedback so far would be to rotate or give the option to have the intake road go horizontal rather than vertical. Short stay and long stay carparks, train stations, longer runways would be nice. Will be following closely!"
,Recommended,598330,30444367,Posted: 11 March,all,Zlinga,"WARNING: If you have Entomophobia or Acarophobia, you should stay clear of this game for a while. Bugs occur frequently!With that being said, the potential of this game is huge. The basics all ready in place are great. Now is the time to jump in, play the game, give your feedback and follow the evolution of what I think will be a great game."
76561198039791838,Recommended,598330,30600874,Posted: 18 March,all,rickjongeneel,I would wait a little longer before you buy this game. this game has real potention to be a good game. But for now there is to much legg in the game. Even with one gate the game slows down that much that it is not playable anymore. But like i said it a good game. Be patients
76561198292848472,Recommended,598330,30435793,Posted: 10 March,all,loved kingofstarwars22,Awesome game i would reccommend it!
76561198072619538,Not Recommended,598330,30549418,Posted: 16 March,all,Tyler Rabideau,Im not going to deny the fact that this game is fun even though there isnt much to do the issue is the bugs the amount of bugs is crazy and makes the game hard to play I wouldnt recommend to buy at this time but deffinetly later down the line when there is alot more updates.
76561198065983779,Recommended,598330,30544884,Posted: 16 March,all,benjamin.gibbs,"Game is good but can do with more improvements.-Biggest problem is the lag. I have a 9 month old macbook pro with 16GB memory and this game still lags even with graphics but down to its lowest setting. i look at the the state of the mac whilst playing sim airport and the game only uses up a small fraction on the laptops performance. so not sure whats going on there.-another point is the buid menu, it could be set out more clearly such as the objects menu?-shops could be added?- the resturaunt idea could be imporved, maybe coming as one big block?-if you could build some sort of invisabe one way wall so that passengers dont go where you dont want them too.still recommended though, but if all the bugs are gone and more added it would be a pretty good game"
,Recommended,598330,30547902,Posted: 16 March,all,Maxybo,"Good concept and fun game, keepin gin mind this is alpha builds so lots of bugs.  Positive is devs are fixing lots of bugs nearly every day with constant patches.  Reminds of the the alpha builds of PA.Would recommend if your happy with alpha builds and what that means, if your not then perhaps a wait until beta or late alpha."
,Recommended,598330,30515467,Posted: 14 March,all,Vtskier,"Suggestion: redo the scheduling so that each gate is row, not each flight, this way you can't over book and it would be much nicer looking"
76561197991237496,Recommended,598330,30567206,Posted: 17 March,all,timberdragon,"Firstly i want to say this game is early access. What does that mean? It means the developers have said we have this idea, we have a game and we want to share it with you. Its not finished, its not ready, but we are excited about this game and we want you to be apart of it.SimAirport is exactly that, its a fantastic idea for a great game and the guys are so keen on it they wanted to share it with us. Its not finished, sure, so if you are looking for a finished game this is not for you. (Though after todays patch 17/3/2017 it really is very stable). However the idea behind early access is for you to take part in the development of the game, help find the bugs, make suggestions and get involved in the process... in essence, become the developer yourself!This game had a lot of bugs in the early days sure, but half the fun was trying to figure out what those bugs were, make a save, send it the dev's telling them whats going on so they can address it. I've seen a lot of early access games since the term was coined and i have been shattered by some developers, But SimAirport is not one of those games. These guys have been active in development and in the community every day. They talk with us and they work with us and ultimatly get through the bugs. They are listening to us the community and adding the things we suggest, This is the epitome  of what early access is all about!So although its nice to feel like you are part of the game, there is nothing like knowing you helped make the game what it is.In that instance, this is the perfect game.The game itself is a classic Tycoon game in every sence, I know a lot of games have carried the title but very few have stood up to the classics like theme hospital, themepark tycoon or even the granddaddy Transport tycoon. But this game does, it harkens back to those classic's like very few have and even in this raw and early state it is a far better game then a lot of those developed by large software companies. This game has a soul and i can not recommend it enough.So don't wait, dont miss out on this community, get into it, be apart of it and if you do i dont think you will regret it :)Happy Flying!"
,Recommended,598330,30573564,Posted: 17 March,all,caveman1018,still needs work but still a good game
76561198006759463,Recommended,598330,30569414,Posted: 17 March,all,Nimirum,"Wow!One week after buying this game and the development team has already ironed out several problems, and must have worked day and night since realease. I'm not saying that there are no more bugs - like the baggage handeling making the game lag. And as a user you must know that this is a early release, and know that you help the developers with a game with good potential.I think this is going to be a good one!Keep up the work!"
76561198254149745,Recommended,598330,30571218,Posted: 17 March,all,jerzy.halaj,Good idea..game is still bugging
76561198092401917,Recommended,598330,30570091,Posted: 17 March,all,ant.723,"ok after playing this game all night it does have potential but in needs some work.i dont know if any of these have been fixed in todays patch but...1. my agents and food worker disapear from there stations rom time to time. its like they go on a lunch break. security are the only ones who stay at there jobs. and it will only let me hire one, of the CFO or CEO. wont let me have both. and the one i do hire stays at the door to there office. they dont go in.2. i hired 3 food workers to try to get them to take care of the people faster but only one gets the food. i figured one to stay at the register and 2 serving food. maybe i need more cash registers. i will try that today.3. im surprised this game doesnt have a tab where you can see what your airport is making in terms of money and expenses. it does but not in the dep that i hoped. how much is your food court making in a day? ATM, vending machines, etc... maybe a day by day log. how do i know if the additions i made are bringing in more people? making me more money than before. IMO thats one of the best parts of these tycoon type games. the stats.4. maybe a tutorial? i would love to see how you run the underground conver belt with the baggage. maybe then i wouldnt loose a agent to drive the golf cart with baggage.  and is anyone else having problems upgrading there runways to lights? i have the money, put it over it like they say but it wont do anything.. maybe a bug ?5. i know this is a univeral game , but maybe you can add campains with cities. NY, Paris, etc... this way you can know where your planes are going and coming from. maybe add a map of the world so you could see where they are in real time. probably would have been better if we could own the planes and judging by the type of plane and the distance it could travel we could send it to certain cities . and maybe then we could have seperate wings of our airport for domestic and international.6. and im surprised there is no gift shop, or duty free shop.tons of potential, this game could really be great if the devolopers want to keep adding to it. i still like it. so in hope that they continue to upgrade and fix the bugs i will say yes to buying it."
76561198275216870,Recommended,598330,30542076,Posted: 16 March,all,mayashley,"Anytime I open preferences it does not provide me with the option to close. I have to restart the game to get back in. However, it does save my changes made. This game is going to be a favorite. I can already anticipate wasting hours on this game with all the options and mods this game has great potential! Thank you for all you are doing to make this game what it is! I love it so far!"
,Recommended,598330,30541573,Posted: 16 March,all,dunet12,"I'm writting this review with  the Early Access Status In Mind,Like some other comments mention, ifyou have ever played Prison Architect, you will know how to generally play this game,because it feels very similar to it in the way everything works, yet it is a completely different experience.So, after 7.8 hours played, 7.5 if not including the afk times, I can stay that I would recommend this game, thoughyou should wait for a sale to get it, I have explored everything in the game, yet not in detail, and can tell I will have to spend many more hours to fully understand every concept in the game, leaving for many play hours. So:You start the game, it immidiatly throws you into it, ou see your littlebuilding, with security, and one gate, and it all starts there, as you start to make your daily schedule and hire more airlines you can start expanding your airpot, as you expand gates, you expand ticketing, then security, you can even make a baggage system, sadly the game does not have extremely much content yet, you can expand for a while, you start making a cafe, lounge area, and then, you finally get the ""big boy"" airlines to offer you a contract, you accept a flight and see it come in your new Extra large Gate, an Airbus A380, as it lands you see the message come in ""Flight 12979 25,000$ Terminall Use"" and thats when the game really kicks off, more money, bigger planes, and TONS of new Passengers, 450, on a single plane.And from there on, you can keep expanding, making more gates, and hiring more planes, then, it gets king of boring, since it is an Early Acces Game,I expected for it to not have a huge amount of content, though it really is little, this, and the countless Bugs are the only cons I have found about this game, so far, though, I'm sure they will addmore content, I also have a few suggestions:Making your own ""Airline"" - and I dont specifically mean Airline, but to make your own flights, and maybe other players with internet connection could receive them at their airport, and so on, since there is already a hangar mechanic in the game I wouldn't expect this to be horribly difficult, though current hangars are only vehicles.More In Depth Business , etc. - If you have ever been to an airport, you should know the countless number of different shops and stores everywhere, the only option as of now, is a cafe, which did somewhat dissapoint me, and with only one cafe, all passengers get stuck there in line, and dont make their flight, so more shops and stores would be nice."
76561198014021804,Recommended,598330,30540588,Posted: 16 March,all,warhead505,"Would I recommend this?Yes but later on, if you want to play it now in it's current state, you're going to end up borred and frustrated. There is A lot of debugging, fixing and tweaking to do by the developers and the community. Is worth the money if you do want to play it now? Yes! This is going to become a great game! better than prison architect for sure!"
76561197963242433,Recommended,598330,30537460,Posted: 16 March,all,Araponga,"YES, YES, YES! Finaly a airport tycoon tha is worth! Improvements must come, but is already a great fun for sure!Made my dreams come true! I wished a game like this when Prision Architect came out!"
76561197980032453,Recommended,598330,30609910,Posted: 19 March,all,LaForte,"Good game, when writing this the game is in a early stage but has allot of potential​. I can see this game become just as popular as prison architect."
76561197976427133,Recommended,598330,30503080,Posted: 13 March,all,Coney,"I still think this holds ground but they need to optimise this a lot, the moment there is a large number of passengers it struggles till the passenger level drops during the night but still give it a go, it could get a lot better in time.--Previous Review--Wait a month or two, the game has a chance of being pretty good but with no tutorial at the start and a guessing learning curve.As a former airport tycoon and airport inc fan game was fun but as the developer is patching the game every day I think a lot of things would have improved in a month or two to try again."
76561198014600784,Recommended,598330,30606518,Posted: 18 March,all,Cozzy80,This is my first review of any game I have on Steam.The reason I want to write a review is cos I have been impressed with the devs to realease regular patches and are also very responsove to bug queries.This is an early access game and my whole point to this review is that I want to support the devs in a game that has a huge potential. I love sim games and there has forever been a huge gap in the market in airport sims games. There have been a fair few of them that have failed miserably. This is the first one in many many years that has a lot of potetntial. Yes there are a huge amount of bugs and sometimes renders the game unplayable at times but that is not why I purchased an 'early access' game. I know what this game can be and with the devs being very active with the community then I am happy to support their concept.This will be a great game when released. My advise is only purchase this is you have patience and understand this is still being developed so the customers end of the bargain is to report the bugs which are getting fixed on a regular basis and to support these kind of developers and understand the bigger picture of what this game is going to become BUT only if the developers hold up their end of the bargain and to continually patch and be active in the community.The actual game itsef is great fun (bugs excluded) if you love sim games then this is for you. It has a 'prison architect' feel about it and 'theme park' feel to it. I have been waiting for this type of game to be relaesed for a while and cannot wait until final release.
,Not Recommended,598330,30607783,Posted: 18 March,all,roguedriver,"It's a good start, but the performance issues currently make it unplayable beyond 500-1,000 customers. There are more than a few bugs preventing certain features from working well at all (like cafe workers and janitors randomly stopping forever or cafe customers randomly refusing to leave their chair forever).I don't think it should have been released even to early access in this state, but hopefully the devs can improve the most basic parts of the games quickly.It's not worth more than $10 right now considering you can't play beyond an hour or two without having to start a new game to avoid the performance hit."
76561198165223658,Recommended,598330,30512261,Posted: 14 March,all,Aziz,This game can be one of the best mangement games if the devolpment work harder .. i hope they add many things such as : 1- build many different types of stores like grocery .. electronics shop and more just like realistc airports !2- make some flight delay and have a choice to build hotel for the passengers3- make an events such as all flights canceld due the weather or something like that4-build different types of resturants to make a game more funi hope they add many more things soon
76561198091613577,Recommended,598330,30664085,Posted: 21 March,all,scabacious,"Love this game, not only is it a great concept for a game, but it has been especially awesome to see how the devs have regularly updated this game, sometimes four times a day to keep up with reports from their community.  great job Devs fantastic game and fantastic work!"
,Recommended,598330,30676783,Posted: 22 March,all,238tom,"From the 6 hours I've played this game for I've noticed a few things:The Good:This game is pretty entertaining in its current state which is saying a lot for an Early Access Game.The developers are extremely active in fixing bugs and adding to the game.This game has a lot of potential to become a great sim gameThe Bad:There are many bugs, granted this is an Early Access Game so I'm sure they will be removed before the final release (None of them are too game breaking).It can be a little repetitive after a few airports, there is nothing (yet) that really creates unique scenarios so it can feel like a build and watch game.The price right now ($19.99) seems a little high but I'm sure once more updates are released I'll retract that statement.Overall: If you don't mind the bugs and enjoy watching your airport work I recommend this game. If you're unsure I suggest you wait a month and watch this game develop. It's great in it's current form (for me) and will definitely be worth the $19.99 once a few updates and patches come out."
76561198049107618,Recommended,598330,30676061,Posted: 22 March,all,tychoh,"This is a game I have been waiting for since Prison Architect and was very happy to see this coming out.For a game still in development the price is on the high side. However, the developers are on top of all the bugs that are reported.At this stage the game is, in my opinion, quite easy beatable.Once you reached the point that you can decide your own price for airlines to use your facilities its basicly one way to becoming a millionaire.Nevertheless I see great possibilities in this game and if the developers keep listening to the player like they do know im sure this game will turnout to be great!"
76561198038127223,Recommended,598330,30676144,Posted: 22 March,all,George2806,"This game is very promising, having so much enjoyment playing this game. Feels so much like Prison Architect . Love finding out new ways to control the flow of passengers and making sure passengers getting to their plane. Yes it gets laggy, understandable when its still in development. Great to know the developers are active with the community and listening to feedback.Great fun, Promising, Familiar - Perfect combination."
76561198028969977,Recommended,598330,30685157,Posted: 23 March,all,Sweet Prince,gud gaem
,Recommended,598330,30686859,Posted: 23 March,all,JeStoneIV,"SimAirport is an early access game. That should be the first thing you read. The developers are great and are available all over the web (i.e. discord, twitter, etc.) to read the different bugs people are experiencing.That being said, the game does have bugs. They are being worked out, but if you are looking for a finished early access game then you don't know what you are looking for.The game as it is, is fun. The airport that you start with is capable of almost handling contracts immediately and you start with a large chunk of cash. I found it difficult to turn a profit early on which makes the game go from a speeding bullet of building and hiring to a slow crawl of waiting for money to come in. To be far, the game will still be smoothed out.The price tag may be a bit high, but it weeds out the people who are not really interested in helping the developer out by reporting bugs, glitches or difficult gameplay. That makes the SimAirport community  a great one and one I'm glad to be a part of.Here is some gameplay videos you can watch on my YouTube channel."
76561197991335740,Recommended,598330,30689371,Posted: 23 March,all,Urahara,"Great game in potential. Still early with bugs, but the developers are working hard to patch the game with daily improvements!The game is not very comprehensive yet but it has potential and is very fun to play.Give this game a few weaks and you will have a great experience."
76561197966416130,Not Recommended,598330,30712594,Posted: 24 March,all,Emerald,"Sure, it is still early access, but:- Lots and lots of bugs- Frequent crashes- Feels very unfinished still- Poorly optimizedStarts lagging after ~30 minutes even on high performance computers which after a while gets worse up to the point that it renders the game more or less unplayable (1-2 fps).I could pay up to 10 EUR and still be somewhat satisfied. But at its current price point this game is simply not worth it. And I doubt they will fix the lag issues because they had similar problems in Prison Architect which never were adressed either. I wish I could refund this purchase."
76561198272392231,Not Recommended,598330,30712658,Posted: 24 March,all,Legend 27,Love the aspect of the game but wish that after i get over 1000 passengers in my airport it didnt go to 10 fps
76561198240516342,Recommended,598330,30515186,Posted: 14 March,all,Lacey,I like the game but has some major problems.  Seems like they fixed the plane issue but its funny seeing a plane turn around on the spot and go back so another can get by.
76561198001714133,Recommended,598330,30707944,Posted: 24 March,all,T-Nuts,"Game has a lot of potential. There are still lots of bugs but the DEVS are activly reading the discussion threads and doing all they can. This is almost like Prison Architect but in terms of an Airport, obviously. Definitly worth it and I love playing this game but I'm putting it on hold until a majority of the bugs are fixed. If not now then do add it to your wishlist and get in later."
,Recommended,598330,30806299,Posted: 28 March,all,KingCos19,"I gotta say, the music video is what made get this... haha no, just kidding.   THIS GAME WILL BE SO AMAZING!    I already love it as it is an infant.  SO worth it.<3"
76561198305780400,Recommended,598330,30593308,Posted: 18 March,all,TomRednose,"The game is very nice and if you find a bug, it is fixed faster than you can report it. It is absolutely worth it`s money!"
76561198018240535,Recommended,598330,30777548,Posted: 27 March,all,cpod500,"pretty enjoyable, about time a game like this came out"
76561198008790700,Recommended,598330,30785120,Posted: 27 March,all,Dejjal,"Love it! So much potential! A Few bugs here and there yet to experiance a crash, except when leaving the game it freezes. The only bug i notice alot is if a line is empty the fisrt people stops and works their way around the line which is sometimes a distance in how i set up my airport. Very Happy with this game, developers are doing great this early keep it up@"
76561198187579993,Recommended,598330,30683970,Posted: 23 March,all,ShadowGamingHD,this game seems fun it could use a proper main menu not just load into a new game. also exit game could be fixed to not crash. my main issue is the main menu. add a main menu with options for new game load game settings and quit game.overall i have 11.1hrs on the game and so far besides the issues ive noticed and explained i love the game.
76561198023649303,Recommended,598330,30783271,Posted: 27 March,all,kaioh6,"The game is fun, but still needs to work on the lag. It's a 2D game FFS, you need to make it so it can run more smoothly."
76561198040217661,Recommended,598330,30457904,Posted: 11 March,all,Pillow2theFace,"Could possibly one of the best. However, still needs quite a bit of work,"
76561198271996328,Recommended,598330,30970222,Posted: 5 April,all,LordGoatVille,"I love this game even though it is laggy but it is still fun. So far I have 8 large gates and 2 extra large gates and it runs pretty smoothly with lag here and there but it doesn't crash the game, just wait a few seconds then back to normal."
76561198277113790,Recommended,598330,30966944,Posted: 5 April,all,thomasvanderaa,"if you like architect and airport games.it's a perfect game, but it is still being developt.so it sometimes realy clitches.but when it's ready, it would be a perfect game"
76561198084809966,Recommended,598330,30837836,Posted: 30 March,all,Muqtasid987,This game is fun and awesome BUT the lagging on my mac sucks even with a 2016 imac 5k it still lags like there's no tmrw... Even when the resolution is tune to the lowest... Please fix the bug ASAP!!!
76561198067365581,Recommended,598330,30900876,Posted: 2 April,all,Wiggo,"this is a fun and enjoyable game in my opinion. although it still has a great amount of bugs, the game isnt too bad and hopefully with updates in the future these will be put right. even with these bugs the game is still great fun."
76561198288454551,Recommended,598330,30838109,Posted: 30 March,all,Mana-Chan,"Been playing around with this EA for a few days now and I have to say I have enjoyed it BUT this game is far from finished.For starters there is no tutorial so you better play around with the game a couple of times until you can understand the basic ins and outs of the game. If you have played games like Prison Architect or Another Brick in the Mall then you will have the basics down pretty well already.Bugs do pop up every now and then but the developers are quick to sort it out which is a huge plus. Yes the game costs a little too much for an EA game but I guess it balances out with the quick and many updates that happen. As for where the game is development wise, I would of liked to see this game a littler cheaper (£9.99 maybe?).The Experimental Branch has been fun to play with too, it seems to get the ""updates"" sooner so we can test them out before they go out to everyone, some people have had problems but I have been lucky so far and the Experimental Branch works fine for me (It is called Experimental for a reason).I would give this game a 6 or 7 out of 10 at the moment as it still has much to be added but I am looking forward to see where this game goes!"
76561198026185768,Recommended,598330,30832478,Posted: 30 March,all,darkpantha87,"love this game, cant wait for the real thing."
76561198134988778,Recommended,598330,30828038,Posted: 30 March,all,SparkZz v ToxiCzZ,"This game is very good with certain features  e.g (First and Coach Class and all realistic Aircraft) but one thing I could recommend for the next update is Gates outside of airport building and a new vehicle can be an airport bus, taking people from terminal to the gate, perhaps? Continue your great improvements!"
76561197997456004,Recommended,598330,30816193,Posted: 29 March,all,MadMouse101,"This game is very good to play, Yes the game is in early access so will be some problems but soon to be fixI recommend this game"
76561198308554567,Recommended,598330,30872238,Posted: 1 April,all,Comander_E,This game is great.Desinging an airport is a cool idea.I am so exited for more features coming soon.I only have a tiny problem.When the work men construct large foundations it lags quite a lot.my pc has a nividia geforce gtx 700m graphics card and a icore7-6700hq.So my computer is very good.
,Recommended,598330,30860114,Posted: 31 March,all,SavageSidi,"I saw a couple of YouTubers playing this game & I really enjoyed how the game looked. Usally when I buy a game I see Youtubers play, I immediatly regret it but when I bought this game I was awake all night building my airport!"
,Recommended,598330,30907804,Posted: 2 April,all,Tommiejay,"SimAirport is a detailed simulation game of which allows the player full control. You're able to manage flight schedules, staff and even a cafe. I highly recommend this game for people who have an interest for aviation/airline and business simulation."
,Recommended,598330,30439561,Posted: 10 March,all,Zer0,Still needs a lot of improvement but the game shows potential and the devs seem to be working nonstop! Will be looking forward to playing even more of it!
76561198065437409,Recommended,598330,30438842,Posted: 10 March,all,rdavis,It's buggy.. but the developers seem to be working hard.. It's a great concept! I hope they push further with it!
,Recommended,598330,30787187,Posted: 27 March,all,Mauadib 666,"Simairport can be very addictive. I have only had it 4 days and have logged over 30 hours on it. If ths is what it is like in early access I cant wait for the 'fully polished' version.The gameplay is great, in both Career & Sandbox modes. The only problems I have found are the same as the problems others have mentioned. I have had a major framerate problem in sandbox mode, when I tried to create a Mega Airport. Before all 15 gates are occupied (in this case only 4 were occupied) the game seems to keep pausing.Hopefully these problems should be solved by the time of full release.Suggestions for the future :-1. The ability to move objects as your airport expands.2. Increased loan amounts.3. Cargo airport functonality would be great.4. Multi level buildings, i.e. the ability to have outbound passengers on one level and     inbound on another.5. Wider range of aircraft.6. Retail/Duty free zone would help boost profits7. Car Parking Zone.8. different runway lengths9. additional airside vehicles, such as maintainence vehicles, cleaning vehicles.Overall I really like this game and cant wait for the completed version. Devs are doing a great job."
76561198334590427,Recommended,598330,31274671,Posted: 21 April,all,Slender0989,"Good game, had alot of bugs but they updating their games quite often soemtimes each day, to make the game bugfree, should pick this game up, if you like tycoon types of games"
76561198213610617,Recommended,598330,31273612,Posted: 21 April,all,soren.mugridge,"One of the best games i've ever played! Don't let the other people who are annoyed at the bugs it is an early access game and the developers have so much more to add to it and by then, it will be the best game i've ever played! I also have high expectations so that is saying a lot. The point of the game is to create an airport as you may have read but it is so much more than that! There is so much detail put into it! I strongly recommend this game!( there is an experimental mode that has less bugs in it. you can activate it by left clicking the title of the game in your library which will bring up many options. click properties and then click betas and activate experimental. Stuff is also added there first! )"
,Recommended,598330,31283007,Posted: 21 April,all,johnnyjules,Nice Game already and Devs are providing fast Updates. Worth investing.
76561197968425244,Not Recommended,598330,31254474,Posted: 20 April,all,steele,"It is a great concept, and I believe will be better refined in the future.For the reviews that I have seen who say something to the effect of... ""xxxx doesn't work right in the game, I want my money back"" - you are completely stupid. It says 'early access; - you get what you get. Don't be a compelete moron and show how ridiculous you are.Next...3 terminals into the game, this program really gets laggy. I don't mean a little, it REALLY gets laggy. To the point of unplayable. Now, it's an EARLY RELEASE game. So, I am not complaining, just stating the facts.Developers, this should be priority one.There are a few other tweaks needed..1. Better ability to route customers through the airport. Not always egressing back through the security gate..2. Better dsiplay of income and expense. Not grreen text big and bold over green grass. That can be cleaned up.3. Better manipulation of arrival, departure times, plus the ability to have aircarft hold without just cancelling a flight.There is a lot of work to do, but I would not dismess this game yet.Do I think it it worth the cost charged for early access? No. I don't think it is ready yet.Fix some lag issues and that alone will convince me to change my review to positive."
,Recommended,598330,31250097,Posted: 19 April,all,CrazzySteve,"It's a fun game! (Bug report below)After the latest update today, the game is playable now. It fixed lots of the performance issues, added secotrs which were needed, but actually didn't help with passangers walking through security twice to the other wings. Sadly the update didn't fix the staff at cafes to go to other cafes even when you have double the staff for cafes.The game though is addicting, I am a fan of transportation games, but this is one doesn't disappoint. It does have stuff to fix, but it doesn't take away much from the game.Bugs since latest April 19th update:-Passangers getting stuck randomly in the open. (New, never was a bug before the update)-Passangers get to the gates at the last few minutes making the flight leave late, even when passangers are already past security.-Passangers will be in places like cafes or bathrooms past the depature time, then being upset even when they were at fault for missing the flight, like half of the passangers, not a few.-Scheduling could be greatly improved, but it is better than before with exdending times.-Empolyees roaming, for example foodstand staff roam too much even when you have double.-Sectors are greatly improved, but the passangers still go through security or security gates.-Staff placements when at ticket or gate stands when placed different ways.-Airplane taxi mapping.-Keep up the work :)"
,Recommended,598330,31264601,Posted: 20 April,all,Trippy_Mama_#1,I have had the game for a few days was a very good game. Then they made a update today 04/20/2017 and now my sims do not go through security at all. Please pach it soon or give me a fix. very good game would buy again.
76561198351977370,Recommended,598330,31314893,Posted: 23 April,all,gianniquattro,"I have played over 10 hours of SimAirport, and overall its pretty enjoyable. But there are some downfalls. Like the lag, and the bugs. But I guess its in early access, so I wouldnt get my hopes to high. But I do like this game alot and has been one of my favourites out of the all games on steam I have played, I do reccomend this game if you have the patience for all the bugs, etc. Its very entertaining and im looking forward for some new action packed updates."
76561198019471213,Recommended,598330,31311379,Posted: 22 April,all,Cfire163,This game has potential and is strangly addictive...I like it.
,Recommended,598330,31301543,Posted: 22 April,all,Dreipunkt,"Sometimes buggy (early access), but very enjoyable. I just hope the devs keep up the good work!"
76561198380563758,Recommended,598330,31313652,Posted: 23 April,all,Bobypop999,"This game is fantastic for an early access. Of cource there are some bugs but the developers normally realese an update on the expermental version everyday. The forums are very active and the developers are very friendly. If you like building, tycoon games and helping fix problems then this game is for you."
,Recommended,598330,31323612,Posted: 23 April,all,FuzzyPinkBeaver,"Still buggy and frustrating sometimes, but getting there and pretty addicting. The time scales are the big thing that needs to get fixed... pax move too slow or time moves too fast. It shouldn't take 2+ hours to turnaround a 737."
76561198089639846,Recommended,598330,31334011,Posted: 23 April,all,saphire__dragon,Good basis for a simulation game
76561198166966764,Recommended,598330,31339483,Posted: 24 April,all,stuart.lawless,"Brilliant game, still under development but you can see this game is only going to get better with all the updates"
76561198378751888,Recommended,598330,31241003,Posted: 19 April,all,s.northedge,Its good for the first week but after that the game won't launch.
76561198050503079,Recommended,598330,30375559,Posted: 7 March,all,ktocktoc,pretty fun. Good start.
76561198068304460,Recommended,598330,31209474,Posted: 17 April,all,Mr. Belcher,"Absolutely love the game, but if you don't like bugs & weird stuff happening stay away. Even in this state this is serious fun.Looking forward to what happens in the future with this early release title."
,Recommended,598330,31244848,Posted: 19 April,all,[LLJK]Ragnarokz,"Most of the basic gameplay is pretty much working, this is basically Prison Architect with planes."
,Recommended,598330,30924572,Posted: 3 April,all,BigTexas,"The major lag and performance issues have been resolved, it is enjoyable now with the new patch, you can get a huge airport going now with little issues. Glad the devs got this fixed and hope to see more content!"
76561198070269407,Recommended,598330,32660502,Posted: 22 June,all,Chris,"First off it is a great game, I got it not long after it first became early access and have enjoyed playing it since. I really love the new update and the things that come with it except for one. The new baggage system is f****ed to say the least. I got a massive airport set up and ready to roll only to spend half an hour trying to set up baggage stations and hubs and belts to constantly get slapped in the face with red warnings saying it can't be done, and error this and error that. Go back to the way it was setup before, it was simple, it was easy and it made it enjoyable.All in all it's a great game but I had to rage quit it due to the baggage issues."
76561197977117978,Recommended,598330,30716521,Posted: 24 March,all,Aka Mai,"i really wanted to like this game, and i kindof do, or at least, would have if the dev had made the start from scratch mode somewhat playable. i know it is only in early access, but it would be noce to see some of the main game elements actually perfected before the dev had put out the game. security is buggy. cant make a secure airport without blocking passengers out. (you have to completely surround the airport in a fence, which means no doors, which means no entry or exits.) also, the trucks deadlock on the entry road practically 60% of the time i play, and it is way to easy to go bankrupt in start from scratch mode. i understand that they warned you about bugs, but i didn't know that they would completely mess up the game. in the end, i definitely recommend playing this... in maybe 6 months to a year when the dev has sorted all this stuff out. after a few updates and bug fixes, it almost certaily has potential to be a really fun game, just not now."
76561198127790810,Recommended,598330,30694474,Posted: 23 March,all,KevinOrlando93 [Twitch],"Definitely a nice and fun airport management game. The devs are actively fixing bugs, which is a nice plus. The game does have a lot of lag when there's a large ammount of passengers (600+) in your airport at once, but I'm sure this will be improved later on."
76561198051391855,Not Recommended,598330,30731687,Posted: 25 March,all,SCOOTGOD!!!!!!!!!,"The Game has some bugs, but will hopefully be fixed soon. The devs are working hard to fix any issues and will read your posts on the forums."
,Recommended,598330,30731149,Posted: 25 March,all,Greasy Caveman,"Very fun, and regulary updated with bug fixes."
,Recommended,598330,30728027,Posted: 25 March,all,Intercontinental Ballistic MILF,"Awesome game, devs update the game so often and the support is great, sent my game save over to them and they just said they woukld take a look and get back to me within 10 mins!! 10/10"
76561198323679594,Recommended,598330,30987912,Posted: 6 April,all,johncockc,Excellent Game! Few minor bugs that require you to restart the game. Also as you progress you will lose frames due to a preformance issue
76561198034250149,Recommended,598330,30992284,Posted: 6 April,all,mtthwstnsn,"Suprisingly addictive. Has lots of potentional, but plays quite well with the features currently available. I enjoy a good tycoon game and this is one of the better ones I have plays in a while.Only more good things to come from this Early Acess game."
76561198159608284,Recommended,598330,30823691,Posted: 29 March,all,xXGamerXx,"Hello again. I was wondering if you could possibly add these things in the future:*Able to create more than 1 Pick-Up/Drop-Off zone. Buses randomly choose which one to release/pick up passengers at.*Add One-Way Doors. Can be used to keep areas secure.*Improve Kitchen Workers.I also have some bugs...I deleted a hangar while a baggage car was running and now its stuck in one place and cant get rid of it. Ive also fired a few staff and they went to a random area and they just stabd there and i cant get rid of them either. But overall though, i really like this game and am very excited to see new content.It also doesnt show rain when the forecast says its raining."
76561198128603442,Recommended,598330,31023012,Posted: 8 April,all,emre.sayin,"besides many bugs its cool and enjoyable  , unfortunately  game becomes sluggish and unplayable (i use an iMac bought in 2016 ) after playing few hours. hope they fix this soon"
,Recommended,598330,31090007,Posted: 11 April,all,Jomica,Great game and great developers. They are adding content and fixing bugs at a very fast rate.
76561198076757978,Recommended,598330,31081180,Posted: 11 April,all,joshuabuzzell,great game i would love to see improvmetns like bigger maps more options like emergancy services exc. i would love to see more options like in a real airport kind of thing but very well game i would recomend it to anyone and everyone
76561198151967257,Recommended,598330,31088554,Posted: 11 April,all,Rexhellfire,Aming game that really grows on you. Admitidley there still are bugs but you can see that this game is heading in the right direction. I recomend getting the if you dont mind bugs and glitches otherwize just wate until the game is more playable. still allot of fun to play with bugs.
,Recommended,598330,31104330,Posted: 12 April,all,HappyPants,10/10 Would love a creative mode :)
76561198300398195,Recommended,598330,31103087,Posted: 12 April,all,benbrianod11,I think that this  is a really great game that is very addictive.  However there are some bugs such as planes getting stuck and causing cancellations and 10 people boarding a 66 person plane while the rest are late whereas a 300 person plane leaves with all passengers on time. I hope they fix these glitches.
76561198043865089,Recommended,598330,31108029,Posted: 12 April,all,ReaperZ115,"game has potential to be great, but in its current state  I've been running into lag/game bogs down when I start to get more people on screen and have construction projects going.So far been loving the game just need a little more optimization"
,Recommended,598330,31102448,Posted: 12 April,all,evanjkgalvin,"Bought this game after seeing YouTubers play this game and it's very fun.If you like airports, planes or building, buy this game and see your airport grow. I made a different airport, but it wasn't secured, but I had security and stuff like that - so that's a bug. Another one is that some people don't move and planes just stop and causes delayes.This is a very fun game to play and buy it!"
76561198230062504,Recommended,598330,31097718,Posted: 12 April,all,Alqx,the only thing i hate about his game is how the foundation thing works. there should be a foundation floor and a foundation wall. Half of the time i want to make a floor i make a wall
76561198380884328,Recommended,598330,31099474,Posted: 12 April,all,maddyemmaneedham,yes but they need to update it because it can get quite laggy
76561198089316448,Recommended,598330,31176405,Posted: 16 April,all,Vlad_Yemerashev,"I have seen mixed reviews on here. Keep in mind that the purpose of early access, which is almost essentially an open beta, is to be on the lookout for bugs so they can be fixed before final release. The people who can't stand glitches and issues and are giving do not recommend are missing the entire point of the early access.That said, I would totally recommend buying this game, but only if you are willing to share and report any issues you have to the devs. They do an amazing issue at rectifying issues as best as they can and as quickly as they can. There will be more improvements in the future and more gameplay features. Will there be broken saves and hiccups in the future during early access? Of course. But they will be resolved in time to make SimAirport a complete game whenever it releases officially. The development team is doing an amazing job and they prove that they care about the community. Not every dev team or company can say that these days with the norm often being rushing a bugged product out quickly and patch it later in order to meet a corporate deadline.I have also seen some concerns with the game becoming laggy. However, if you opt into the experimental betas (right click the game on steam > properties > betas), you will see that the experimental beta has fixed the lag for the most part with AI improvements. The devs release almost daily patches depending on community input to quickly resolve any issues."
76561197970652547,Recommended,598330,31141089,Posted: 14 April,all,Hal doL,"If you are looking for management or build your own thing sort of game well this is the one. Even if it's in early dev and it misses a lot things, what is in the game right now is very promising. The only thing that I am disappointed right now is that it says that saves are saved in the steam cloud and you can access them with all your devices. Well, looks like it doesn't work for me… please dev, do something."
76561198002722659,Not Recommended,598330,31136359,Posted: 14 April,all,-Crook-,"So, this is a great idea, however they need to add a lot more to keep my interest going. One majoy problem is that after an hour or 2 playing, the lag has ruined the game. It is pretty much unplayable now sadly."
76561198204987947,Recommended,598330,31136387,Posted: 14 April,all,THEFLIGHTMASTER,"AMAZING GAME! except for the fact people get stuck and just stand at the metal detectors,(in early acces i have no problem with that, i am sure it will be fixed), it is a great game!"
76561198342790728,Recommended,598330,30990818,Posted: 6 April,all,justin_wadden,for some reason now when i try to put the large sliding door by the air craft unloading zone it tells me its a not a secure area and then i cant play anymore.
,Recommended,598330,31161968,Posted: 15 April,all,BIGtarget,"This game has so much potential. Even at it's current early access state with just the bare bones game play mechanics implemented, it blows past most other ""full release"" sim games. Honestly, to add in your review that there are bugs and broken gameplay mechanics is pointless. Early access will always have bugs and what not. The point of reviewing early access is the potential of the game. And to recap, this game has a ton of potential and the developers are doing it right. I can't wait for full release and will be following this game closely."
76561198300756199,Recommended,598330,31182130,Posted: 16 April,all,Bozgenius,"Game is a good game, a fun game. Just has a little issue. Sometimes passengers awaiting at queues awaiting for the plane, their's a chance that a lot of them stuck together...hope developer fix that,and a little issue with kitchen and cafe, food worker not seem working right... anyway it's a good game though"
76561198155761387,Recommended,598330,31181110,Posted: 16 April,all,HalfBlindCyclops,i really like this game because of the strategy aspect but its also pretty relaxed to play but the bugs can be bothersom but otherwise i love it
,Recommended,598330,31384301,Posted: 26 April,all,Panic,"Brilliant Game, Still in early access but its already packed with hours of fun!"
76561198008686838,Recommended,598330,31185803,Posted: 16 April,all,Randombadger69,"Changing my review slightly, still a great early access game. a recent patch solved most of the lag issues i can now have over 1500 passengers at once and receive no issues before as you can see in other reviews above 200 and it lagged.If you remember airport tycoon back in the day its similar to that but way better as the Devs are adding things all the time and keep listening to feedback.Definately one to watch or buy. My only advice is take it slow when you start off as its easy to go buy, build crazy and run out of money, currently have a happy airport bringing me in over 500k a dayand with 1000s of passengers travelling through my terminals, so with time a thriving airport is possible."
76561198001175355,Recommended,598330,31164880,Posted: 15 April,all,- SuPreme###,"Game is very nice, but performance is below 0. As long as the developer do not get out an performance patch, do not buy it. Waste of money.22.04 Performance Patch is out. For small and mid size airports performance is much better, for big one its still not good enough."
,Recommended,598330,31474721,Posted: 30 April,all,asmith152,Liove this game. Cant wait for more updates like shops? Maybe a hotel addon? i have so many Ideas.
76561198003856908,Recommended,598330,31474459,Posted: 30 April,all,Staticsprite,200% worth my money. Devs are doing everything to make this a great succes. worth spending my money.
76561198125747759,Recommended,598330,31476626,Posted: 30 April,all,kronksimus,"This game is going to be amazing, If you liked prison architecht this game will be right up your alley! definitly a little laggy but imn sure they will work it out definitly huge ppotential to go gangbusters."
,Recommended,598330,31496141,Posted: 1 May,all,Jim Reid-Anderson,"Overall a great game. Has a lot of room for improvment, however since it is a very early game many fixes as well as new features will be added."
76561198207656479,Recommended,598330,31500736,Posted: 1 May,all,Hascar5,"9 gates, 30 planes, taxiway is blocked..."
,Recommended,598330,30458911,Posted: 11 March,all,Criticism,"Amazing Game. If you like prison architect you will like this, Its laggy and dont prerforming the best but. You MUST REMEMBER that its EARLY ACCESS. The devs must add in steam work shop. This game has so much potential and steam workshop will allow the community to help this game reach its full potential. At the moment it needs a lot more content, bug fixes  and more optimization but since it is early access these problems can be expected"
,Recommended,598330,31483313,Posted: 1 May,all,laiKa,"This review aims to tackle concerns about poor perfomance issues that were rampant before April 19th.Most reviews before this complain about poor fps with large airports, and as of 19/04/17 these have been fixed.Although it does not run perfectly, it runs about 5x better than it did, going from about 4fps with 2000 people to 20. You may argue that this still isn't good enough but you are paying for an Early Access game. It does crash, it does bug sometimes, but overall the game is in a much better state than at launch. It has just about enough content to make me want to replay it, and overall runs decent, and is satisfying to play. If you don't like it, just refund it. But don't expect it to be perfect"
76561198036307773,Recommended,598330,31466034,Posted: 30 April,all,MachoMcTuna,Great game if you like airpor sim type games.
76561198007680848,Recommended,598330,31519777,Posted: 3 May,all,sburymozza,"So bought this game few weeks ago, I play a lot off line due to playing at work so regardless of what my hours played says I have invested a lot more time. Game is in early access so there are bugs, some more annoying that others but if your not on experimental then its a sold version bug wise. Currently playing on experimental and the devs seem to release big patches with new content and then do bug fixes on that patch until happy to release to stable, at one point we had a update every day for a week. The devs are working on it so that is always a bones, we all had a EA game that devs have abandoned, they respond to some emails and to questions over social media outlets, they do respond to steam forum daily.The game in general has some massive scope, currently not much content but it is playable and can keep you entertained for a few hours. Few things currently in the game that I built once and caused more issues so never built again, hope the devs can iron out these issues sooner rather than later"
,Recommended,598330,31567400,Posted: 5 May,all,Kyraz,"Really like the game, can't wait for more updates.Currently playing with the experimental build. Passenger AI is still weird sometimes and I dislike all the passengers using the same path, instead of the full path width for example. The passengers also queue up for my metal detectors while some detectors are not being used at all. This however does not affect the game (and flight schedule) much because they get through quick enough.One idea I had is that windows can let Environment through. Meaning bushes that are (right) outside the window can also affect passengers. I would also love to see the ability for planes to transfer to a different gate if one is taken. Right now the flight cancels when arrival at the gate is not possible. If another gate is free (and will be free for the planned groundtime) the plane can switch gates and still arrive.Just now I started to experience lag with 3 large gates, 2 small gates, busy schedule(27 flights) with big planes on the biggest map. I try to spread out all areas and improve passenger flow where I can. Not too long ago I still had 60fps with smaller flights on the schedule.I recommend buying the game if you are interested. It is still in alpha and I hope to see more content added in the future (aswell as updates to UI and all) so I can customize my airport even more."
,Recommended,598330,31603295,Posted: 7 May,all,Qwerter,"played it for quite a few hours given the content , I explored it , it needs a lot of work , but its promising , its the kind of management game I love , but as I said it lacks content and many bugs and ai issues still :)"
76561198062370282,Recommended,598330,31507604,Posted: 2 May,all,mafatu,"I've been playing game since yesterday and I want to share some of my opinions about game.General- Great idea and very promising game- Even its and early access ı think that it's a very good start.I'm writing in the order in which it comes to my mind- Wall: There sohuıld be some thin wall like glass or plastic for to use as a separator for some locations in airport such as security point, cafes, etc.- Toilet: I think there should be separate toilets for women and men. Also there can be even some urinals at mens toilet. Additionally there must be some separator or walls between each toilet. Can you event think pooping a man or woman just next to you ! :)- Security check: In some countries, there is a security control without id check just after the entrance to the airport and there is another security point before boarding. Also there will be some custom desk or security point to prevent custom smuggling.- Passengers: In real world incoming and outgoing passengers never meet or cross each other. In game, outgoing passengers just goes into incoming passengers. There must be some zone for outgoing passengers and it must be divided from incoming passengers.- Terminal: There must be two types of terminal for domestic and international departures. International departures also has some passport checkpoint different than id check point. There will be also passport control points for different countries like EU, AMERICANS or etc. and some with full automated controls.- Boarding: Most of the airport in world dont have jet bridge. They use just buses or passengers walks directly to the plane. At the beginning it should be with buses or by walking i think. Also jet bridges and buses should be used to increase to traffic and revenue.- Word Map: There can be a world map for our airport location and flying points. Of course real world !- Infrastructure: There must be some lines for electricity, natural gas, telephone, internet, water or etc- Advertising: If we can make some advert it can be very good idea, just like real world !- Baggage: I hope there will be some improvement for band lines. Because its really hard to combine more than two carousel.- Staff: I want to setup work hours for ticketing or security zones. For exp, at 10 pm ı just to work with only 3 ticketing and thats enought, like real world !- Clone: There should me clone tool. If you want to copy the same things for example gate desks and queues just like same it can be really annoying to do same things.That for all now !I'll continue :)"
76561198019227164,Recommended,598330,31535151,Posted: 3 May,all,carlw,Just brought this and am impressed. If this develops the way Prison Archtect did then this title will be very impressive. Early access is exactly that. many kinks to iron out and depth to be added. I will persevre. So far a big thumbs up from me!
76561198016539960,Recommended,598330,31387719,Posted: 26 April,all,MrMoonDog88,It is a nice low stress game that allows you to manage the airport an amount of size that you can handle. In sandbox (creative) you can get a massive airport but beware it will come with it's issues.
76561198274440293,Recommended,598330,31540544,Posted: 4 May,all,mrfarkle327,i love the game so far but it def has some bugs esp with the baggag system
76561198026497120,Recommended,598330,31419150,Posted: 28 April,all,steveryland,"Last patch improved alot of things about this game, most notably the frame rate issues later in game. However i tried a couple of play throughs since that patch, and both bugged out. Now i can not say for sure what caused the bug, but in both games, the busses stopped dropping passengers, deliveries were not dropped off, and garbage was not picked up. The only interaction from airport to road was picking up arrivals. In both games just prior to it bugging out i started building roads. Now i started building from the bottom of the screen so that vehicles would not drive down a road they could'nt get out of. In both cases this new set of road tiles was still unconnected to the active road, and so should not have effected the running of the airport in any way. Not sure if the one caused the other, but that was the only connecting factor. Please fix, as i do like the game, and would like to play through without it bugging out."
76561198128125371,Recommended,598330,30692819,Posted: 23 March,all,Peter,"It is a good game for an early release. I have played it now for more than 40 hours and was able to startup a small airport. It is fun building and if the developer continue their effort it can be good concurrent for airport ceo game, also in development.In the first early release routing the traffic was a real nightmare when your airport grew. People get clogged up at the bus stops and eventually your peeps will miss their outbound flights or flights are delayed because your security cannot coop with the demand. The routing has been improved, and that bring me to a major advantage of the game. The developer really look at bug reports and update the game very often.The game itself is very playable and integrated with steam workshop these days. This way you can share your airport with other people playing it.However a fair warning, the game is under development. Once you're going for a grand airport with many in and outbound flights the game might get slow and sluggy as many peeps need to navigate through the airport. On my low end pc the game would almost be unplayable.I would like to suggest to (let the player) put a fire-regulation in place, allowing only x amount of peeps in your terminal. This would off-course limit the size of the airport, but also make it a challenge to make the airport run a smootly as possible.Gameplay: ++Graphics: +Audio/Sounds: +"
76561198042032227,Recommended,598330,31900947,Posted: 22 May,all,au8633,Awesome Game
76561198329234954,Recommended,598330,31966541,Posted: 25 May,all,Oliver_TAB,I love the game and please add a terminal zone for the passengers to go on and wait for there flight
76561198127333414,Recommended,598330,33427193,Posted: 10 July,all,sverre1231,Pretty good game to recommend it really pretty much but could host more details in play but hope it will be coming soon. I love it :)
76561198112208653,Recommended,598330,33450343,Posted: 11 July,all,roxtc,"I love this type of game, but I need Chinese!!!"
,Recommended,598330,33488051,Posted: 12 July,all,Captain.Scarlet,Shaping up to be a very nice tycoon game.I look forward to future updates which will bring more features.
76561198355524543,Recommended,598330,33501558,Posted: 13 July,all,georgeburnby17,"Brilliant game - for now. As it is still in Alpha, there are a few minor bugs and issues, but I am yet to come across any gamebreaking ones. Updates regarding bugs are released every few days. However, there is no tutorial, so I reccomend watching a few YouTube videos before starting."
76561198342780371,Recommended,598330,33677161,Posted: 20 July,all,cas1.denteneer,this game is still in early access and there isnt much right now but the devs are adding more and more!worth it in the future
76561198271920086,Recommended,598330,33728486,Posted: 22 July,all,fiyin,"Sim airport is awesome, it will be better when it is finally finished"
76561198137975815,Recommended,598330,33906038,Posted: 30 July,all,ryan.parker1994,"This game has a lot of potential, and personally worth the money. If you have vision of a great airport and would like to make it work, and see if you can turn a profit, then this is a game for you. Yes there is still a lot of issues with it, but that's why its in early acess.I've made a list of things I'd like to see changed within the games discussion forums so won't repeat any of them here. But once you get into it, its really good management game to play.Main issues are the lag and limited things to place, which will hopefully both be addressed in the futre."
,Recommended,598330,34488677,Posted: 25 August,all,EuroFighter,"I've been looking for a good airport building Simulator for about 2 Years now and finally I found one! It's a nice little game with cool features, there are a few bugs, but they'll be fixed. I'm sure! Keep in mind that it is still an early acsess game and isn't perfect!"
,Recommended,598330,34011307,Posted: 4 August,all,ninjatanzen,Very active devs who are also quite responsive. Extremely excited to watch this game grow and get new features.
,Recommended,598330,34012078,Posted: 4 August,all,.#CAPTAIN_CAPSLOCK?!11,"Lots of communications and (game)updates from the devs. Recommended to those who want to see a game grow despite its unfinished, unpolished state."
76561198056316180,Recommended,598330,34006919,Posted: 3 August,all,dgarner,"Very fun, love it, wish they added more flight options, but besides that, love it!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198032169547,Recommended,598330,34036817,Posted: 5 August,all,Aptos,"Great little game if you enjoy building and management, Cant wait to see what the future holds for it!!"
,Recommended,598330,34094515,Posted: 7 August,all,MrMackey,I've enjoyed this a lot.  I'm looking forward to future updates.
,Recommended,598330,34328375,Posted: 18 August,all,Batman,"Absolutely love the game so far, as well as the developers. It is still early access and there have been occasional bugs here and there, but in no way are frequent enough to diminish the quality or playability of the game. The game has a lot of options and possibilities to micro-manage, but its not overwhelming at this moment. Some of the features such as research or CEO, CFO and some other staff members are not yet fully utilized - but this is expected in an early phase.Developers are just amazing - listening to the feedback and implementing players' suggestions. Had a bug related to the queue, they replied within minutes and fixed the problem few days later with a new update.Highly recommended & looking forward to the future updates and features!"
76561198024062331,Recommended,598330,34360522,Posted: 19 August,all,]TOG[ Stoka,"It's ok, needs a lot more content but not bad for a new game"
76561198168929230,Recommended,598330,33972728,Posted: 2 August,all,samlatet,"This is a good game. Very fun to play. Even if you experience a minor bug, the development team will fix it ASAP."
76561198262624161,Recommended,598330,33879332,Posted: 29 July,all,Alfie_Gudgeon,"So far this game fails to amuse me, it feels like prison archietect by Introversion but, I love any 2d type games! Definately would reccomend!"
,Recommended,598330,33980769,Posted: 2 August,all,Jojo Mojo,Excellent Game. Though has tons of room for improvement but definitely a winner.
76561198344523676,Recommended,598330,33981559,Posted: 2 August,all,schwarzkopfhighpriest,"What can I say about this game?  Well - if you love airlines, love airports or love building and finding the best solutions for things - it's DEFINITELY for you.  I have seldom come across a build-sim game that targets these three areas so beautifully - and with such great open-ended performance.Now mind you, if you're looking for another SimCity/The Sims/RCT II, please stop now. This is a very specific game for airline people or for people who love to solve unusual or difficult challenges in moving people from A to B to A again.As the game is in early access, there can be some issues - and that is to be expected. But in some 6 weeks since I purchased the game, I've had a <single> crash - and beyond that, the faults have been very minor. The producers of the game should stand up and take a bow to create something so stable & fun when IT IS STILL IN DEVELOPMENT! Personally, this is astounding in so many ways.As for game function, it does take a bit of time to figure through the menus - but nothing too complicated that reading the notes on Steam or asking questions in the forum can't solve.The graphics are quite nice - seeing the planes pull in, the peeps getting off the plane, and heading to baggage claim... then the peeps boarding the plane and it leaves. Combine that with baggage systems and the other basic facets of the airport, and you have something astounding to work with. The possibilities are endless - and you do have a 'sandbox' mode to build your ultra-mega airport without having the funding issues.  It is however a challenge to start with the basic airport - and to grow it from there (very much like the real thing...)In the future, I look forward to seeing what else they will add into the game - and to help improve the speed and functionality of the game. (Right now, lots of peeps = slower performance... something that can be a little fussy.)Overall, there is very little that I am unhappy with - and the improvements are getting better by the month.10.0 - 10.0. = A perfect score."
76561198003364703,Recommended,598330,33607547,Posted: 17 July,all,jimpratt1979,"game has alot of promise , prison architect type game ,but boy oh boy have they spoilt it with the single most dumb confusing baggage handling system ever,real airports arent even this confusing, blue to blue , pink to pink , er ok but you need to put in a billion different hubs just to get to one destination , stupid and dumb , ruined it for me , refunded,avoid this game until this dreadful decision is sorted or maybe , oh i dont know a tutorial not just 2 lines of writing.avoidUPDATE:after using the experimental updateThe baggage system has improved and hopefully they are heading in the right track in making it less confusing and silly , game is early access so benefit of the doubt , game its self is fun but at current stage is a bit stare at the screen and wait for ur money to go high enough to build something else , lacking alot but to be fair they do have alot planned , time will tell if it comes to pruition .overall recomended IF  you think long term you would really enjoy , not in its current EARLY ACCESS  form thoughhugely overpriced for ""current"" content will need alot more before its worth its priceupdate august 2017:a month with nothing , nowt no patch no updates , looks like a possible abandoned game"
76561198361670476,Recommended,598330,35013637,Posted: 16 September,all,alex,"Love the game! However there are some things that I would like to be changed. if the planes could act a little more realistly, that would be great! Also can you add a tram that goes around the airport like at KIAH (Gorge Bush International Airport, Huston TX.) In addition some parking garages would be nice or more than one Light Rail Station, Drop-off, and Pickup Zones. Also can the passenger PICK UP after them selfs!?! I have hundreds of garbage cans around the airport, with 30 Janitors and my airport looks like a city dump! Could you guys also add different floors to the terminal to save space. Once again this are a little things that i would change or add. this is a remarkable game with great idea."
76561198364183276,Recommended,598330,35001096,Posted: 16 September,all,calhaston19,great Game But... It Was Great For A Day but then i you know how you have to have a door to the termal but somehow it says i have to remove it because it says that the airport termal is unsecure. So if they ever fix this i will update this. Thanks :)And Also it would be great to add reaserchers to make research go faster.
,Recommended,598330,35052141,Posted: 18 September,all,mark2kno,Fantastic game for being in production still. They're constantly improving and updating the game.  Highly recommend.
,Recommended,598330,35052238,Posted: 18 September,all,timvet4thid,I am loving this game.  It is well worth the price.  i love the concept and the updates that keep coming.  Very enjoyable game.
,Recommended,598330,34743529,Posted: 4 September,all,chaosnight7,Good Dev Communication. High Potential.
,Recommended,598330,34251251,Posted: 15 August,all,Fraggle,"**Early Access...  Always keep that in mind when playing any early access games......That said..  This is a gem!.Trying to manage multiple aspects of the airport at once can be a challange, but thankfully you are eased into it with a pretty sluggish start.  Which isnt a bad thing.  Building is Expensive to say the least, but then... it would be.. this is an airport. Nothing is cheap here..As it stands right now (8/15/2017), the AI is a little janky, a few Path finding issues but nothing totally game breaking.. and this is **.The aircraft have a few issues with collision avoidance, I keep waiting for the Fireball on the runway.... (possibly something we might see in the future deliberaly?)Disasters right now are mostly created by breaking security and causing Aircraft to miss their timeslot in your carefully managed schedule.Keeping the peeps happy ""seems"" to be simple.  With little effort I have not seen their happiness drop below 90%.  **, so this will probably change in future.Like Prison Architect, this is one of those games that will lull you into a false sence of security, and the moment you overlook a small detail you are staring down almost complete disaster.. in this case, bankruptsy...Getting the baggage conveyors working and the kitchens working is a bit of a trial and error thing, but once you do it becomes a fire and forget kind of thing.Dont expect to be managing the ground crew or the taxiway procedures, that isnt part of this game... Although it would be a giggle later on...  for those sadists who want even more to micromanage every aspect of the Airport.Do I recoment this game?..  Totally, but only as long as you understand that its ** and are comfortable dealing with and submitting Bug Reports in a responcible and adult manor...."
76561198031216621,Recommended,598330,31334415,Posted: 23 April,all,sleeper1484,"Love this game!!  I have been playing this game since the first couple of weeks of release on and off with every new update. I have just finished my first XLARGE map with a total of nine terminals, I have approximately 3500 people in the airport at any given time. I know you have a way to go and a lot of improvements to make but so far so good, Well done!31/08/17I have just started playing this game again after a couple of months off. i found that there has been a couple of updates. some of the updates were nice to see the baggage lines are really good i like them and they seem to work well.the little shops worked ok not many people seem to use them  much. so i built a cafe which was not a good idea the cafes are still not working that great by the looks of things, i had over 1500 people coming thru the airport people were getting stuck and missing their planes now you might say i didn't have enough workers but i over 100 working in the cafe most of them just standing around. so i built another cafe to try and help but that made things worse the workers were going back and forth.Look i guess what i am trying to say is I do really like this game i wouldn't play it this much if i didn't and it does look like the guys have put a lot of working into since the last time but they are just not there yet.I like that we now can play with the time of the loading of the plane as the big planes still need a lot of time i have my time pushed out to 4hrs and some people still missed the planes (how much time do they need)So the game it self is playable but i just wouldn't be putting that much time into it just yet.but i would like to say they are doing a great job so stick with it keep the updates coming cos i am really looking forward to playing is all the way through."
76561198053443600,Recommended,598330,34641571,Posted: 31 August,all,ukplanespotter757,fantastic game! really fun!
,Recommended,598330,34731845,Posted: 4 September,all,♥Mini♥,I Love it
76561198109759854,Recommended,598330,34692979,Posted: 2 September,all,xraymiller,"I am somewhat torn on this game. I will give it the benefit of the doubt since it is early release. Most recently, I have 9 gates and 3 runways, and the game really drags and 10x speed, so much that I usually stop playing. The one thing I would like to see is a better scaling. For instance, runways are pretty short when comparing to the gate size."
76561197995471746,Not Recommended,598330,34669948,Posted: 1 September,all,shuds353,"Too many bugs, updates aren't frequent enough. Don't buy."
,Recommended,598330,34691036,Posted: 2 September,all,ForgottenPsycho,Great Game - Great Development Team. Have witnessed a few bugs in my time playing but ALL have been fixed.Im sure there are still some (Early Access) But none have effected me overall great game would really reccomend a great game if you've gotten board of other games like this (prison architect ect) And Want A new challenge And If You Just like games that you can just relax too and just chill. Suitable For All Ages Though Younger People may find some of the managing options difficult to control- like conveyor belt management.(I stuggled a bit when they were first added but you get the hang of it or you can watch some videos online on how to do itOverall Great Game Would Reccomend Devs Always Working On it :DObviously A Couple Of Bugs (but not gamebreaking like at first :P)
76561197982418113,Recommended,598330,34805000,Posted: 7 September,all,U9Daddy,I felt SimAirport was a small game that could use a lot more work Better graphics needed and more things to do
76561198139740487,Recommended,598330,35392252,Posted: 1 October,all,guilherme490,"It's unfinished & too expensive, but still has a lot of potencial, way better than the CEO version.If get updates i will change to positive.--Linux support! change to positive!"
,Recommended,598330,35510125,Posted: 5 October,all,Dr. Eastwood,"Finally, another good tycoon/sim game that's actually worth the money. Bravo to the developers for fulfilling what the Early Access game concept was really about; games that are actually being developed with regularly scheduled updates!In its current form the game is quite adequate, and I can certainly see there is going to be quite a lot of room to add complexity and challenges along the way.If you're a Prison Architect junkie, you WILL like this game."
76561198327521162,Recommended,598330,35511731,Posted: 6 October,all,mikewilcox82,yes this game is amazing and the dynamics of a real airport is realy well captured in this game and i would rate it a 10 out of 10. also it keeps getting better and better with new updates all the timei really reccomend this game it's amazingand i dont even owen the game i only watch it on youtube!
