user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,598450,31421826,Posted: 28 April,all,Falcio,"This game, is a gem in the way it's designed. It has got a very nice battle system with some intricacies to it. The parry-cancelling that allows you to bait attacks for example, or combo two attacks. Jumping isn't broken, which makes it very tense throughout each round, one mess-up can mean everything.A MAJOR buzzkill for this game is that there isn't any online for the multiplayer. I was hyped for this game when I saw the mechanic shift from health bars, and was hoping to be able to play against other people, but that's just not the case and on a keyboard, it's too cramped to play 2 player and though you can use a controller, that requires spending more money on one if you don't already own one.Another kill for me, was the control mapping. The controls themselves are fine, but it doesn't save your controls for each time you launch the game. Something like that is quite vital for almost any game, as I'm already used to a different button mapping from playing a game similar to this. A minor quality of life adjustment that NEEDS to see itself into the game.Is it worth the current value? Yes, mostly. Does it need online to be something I'd continue to play? 100%."
76561198035391503,Recommended,598450,31418031,Posted: 28 April,all,lagrie,"Caught me by suprise.Sollid game, a hidden gem.One clean hit kills. And you will be sitting on the edge of your seat to dash, jump and kill.it feels like a reward when you land a clean hit, The Ai is atually pretty smart and will respond great to your moves.The characters are well balanced, there are lots of stages to choose from.There is a story mode, VS mode and Dojo.Really well made and well worth the price, i would support future DLC if it would happen.As some others said this game would also be pretty awesome if there was Multyplayer.The combat can get pretty tactical at times.Well made, and deserves the support. Glad i bought it."
76561198202656069,Recommended,598450,32239132,Posted: 7 June,all,X0rg,"Very nice concept, graphics, atmosphere, sound effects, music, overall design.Very simple execution though... the actual fighting system is very very simple...a couple of chops.. a bit of jumping... the end.. I did play Bushido blade quitea bit back in the day and there was a lot more to it than this game..Could have been so much more...Do I recommend it ? Yes - nice to have in the collection andworth sponsoring the developer... but the fighting system could and should have beenmore elaborate.. Pity... because everything else is very nice."
,Recommended,598450,31427636,Posted: 28 April,all,Pseudonym,"Stunningly entertaining little fighting game.  Extremely tense rounds full of impressively fluid animation and satisfyingly weighty impacts.  Eight characters, but they're quite diverse.  Manages to present itself rather nicely with some effective stylistic graphical choices.Cons -No online at time of writing.  Doesn't seem to be a clear answer yet whether it's guaranteed to turn up.Barebones English with a fair few spelling and grammatical errors.  Not a big deal in a fighting game, but does leave it feeling a little cheap.Pleasantly surprised by how good this is.  A very worthy pickup if you're in a position to play locally."
76561198043914288,Recommended,598450,31401076,Posted: 27 April,all,Conraderino,fine game to play with friends that you can locally no online but decent combat and depth for a fighting game
,Recommended,598450,31405559,Posted: 27 April,all,William Shakesman,"I've not played Bushido Blade. To me, the simplicity of the mechanics of Slice Dice and Rice, honed to razor sharp lethal mind games where every hit kills, reminds me more of Divekick than most things, but much less spastic and more thoughtful than Divekick. The basic attack flow is clear. Lots of parry and dash canceling, lots of really responsive options that all interact and make sense, following some clear and obvious rules quite well. (A step up from For Honor's magic guard break, I love that game but come on...)No online MP, but I enjoy the AI. It gives me a workout and the stories are decent enough. Nice Mortal Kombat style ham, and some cool boss characters along the way. I will get my moneys worth just from the vs AI, I think.I have only messed with three of the eight or so characters and I am enjoying the game so far. Good fun."
,Recommended,598450,31402395,Posted: 27 April,all,FUNKANIC,"Finally a fighting game that gets rid of health bars and follows in the footsteps of Bushido Blade, Great game can see myself playing lots more in the future with friends.......if I had any.https://youtu.be/5jl55gkl-fg"
,Recommended,598450,31676206,Posted: 10 May,all,lupedupe,"UnagiComplete awareness; Total state of awareness. Coming from from the japanese fighting style, Karate. When you have achieved Unagi, you can defend & prepare yourself from any danger at any given moment.-----x-----Also, very good game. Local Play only so far, so I play with my brother and friends. Very competitive, but easy to learn, so its a blast in local parties.Could use smoother animations, but for the price and being an indie dev, the game is totally fun (and funny), and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,598450,31422673,Posted: 28 April,all,Dsyphus,"Pros:- gameplay handles well- very satisfying when you get a clean hit- the characters are different enough to feel new but sililar enough to not have to completely relearn- great for deciding where to eat when your in an argumentCons:- Sometimes when trying to continue the game will crash; seems to be random- Yoketsu seems to have an issue with her ""armor"" not making the sound effect or visual, making it seem like your attack just pass thru her- Monkey king seems to have odd hitboxes- Lacks some longvityOverall: Its quite a fun game to play. However once you beat it with every character their isnt much to do. Without multiplayer it might be a good idea to wait until its added."
,Recommended,598450,33018761,Posted: 29 June,all,[GG] Bullfrog,"TL:DRIf you are into fighting games, this is a hidden gem that you shouldn't miss!Now, to the proper review:Two games come to my mind when playing this: Samurai Shodown and Bushido Blade.However, Slice Dice & Rice has its own unique mechanics and gameplay, so go expecting a beast of its own kind!The game has 4 buttons, being 3 for different attacks (light, heavy and upwards) and the forth being a button to Parry.There is no crazy inputs, no combos, everything here is pretty straight forward, so bear in mind that in the end, Slice Dice & Rice is before anything, a mind game!Game Modes:Arcade - Simple and well done! I had a lot of fun with it! You must beat the arcade mode with every single char, in a specific order, to watch the entire story. First time that I see something like this being done in a fighting game, thumbs up for the devs!(The AI is pretty oldscholl, at first, you think it's hard, but soon enough you realize some patterns and defeat the enemy with no sweat!)Versus - Human or CPUDojo - It's pretty much a training mode, for now it's bareboness, hope it get more options in the future.For now, there's no online unfortunately, but I really hope it get implemented someday! So I can get salty online, ^^"
,Recommended,598450,31482271,Posted: 1 May,all,Gopo™,"""Git Gud"" - Unknown Philosopher"
,Recommended,598450,31743018,Posted: 14 May,all,Das Meister,"Solid mechanics,Only some small issues,I recommend it"
76561197969523202,Recommended,598450,31892494,Posted: 21 May,all,Juicydrapsag,"Great game but, it cheats. Literally the AI will cheat. Not sure if its bad code or what but I have watched the AI play itself and cheat the same way when I play it. Also, if you continue 78 times in a row the game locks up. Yeah I fought that a$$hat Yokai Kojiro that many times with Benkei before I finally beat him.Multiplayer is great, loads of fun."
76561198003989134,Recommended,598450,31467761,Posted: 30 April,all,Velvet Thunder,"A quick paced, simple, fighter with great mental chess aspects to outwit you opponents. If you enjoyed DiveKick then you'll probably enjoy this. Only let down by lack of online multiplayer and could use a few more characters.Pros:- Smooth, no lag or glitches so far.- Nice drawn effect visuals.- Has that ""just one more round"" addictive gameplay.- Easy to pick up but challenging.- Fun to play with friends if you have two gamepads.- Amusing writting.- Satisfying feeling when you outplay your enemy and catch them with a one hit kill.Cons;- No online multiplayer- No variety in modes (team battle etc...)- No options to change amount of rounds or time limit- Difficulty spikes involve AI that can take more than one hit. This adds extra challenge but can be frustrating."
,Recommended,598450,31439418,Posted: 29 April,all,Fineday,"Ok I'll edit my review..This game is GOLD! I just played this 8 hours straight with 2 of my friends.Too bad the AI sucks and there's no online multiplayer,But if you can play local multiplayer, GET THIS"
76561198028683406,Recommended,598450,31778507,Posted: 15 May,all,Mr.Penguin,"this is pretty good game. it's diffent than any other fighting game i've ever played but, what i didn't like about the game is the unlockable characters there just two of the same characters and they're glowing. i felt like i wasted time on the story mode unlocking them. hopfully in the future they will add more characters and improve the story mode. overall good game."
,Recommended,598450,31496866,Posted: 1 May,all,Shirakani,"Very solid little game with great fundamentals, but deceptive in its marketing.'One hit kills?' yeah that only applies to YOU... The CPU has a hidden lifebar after a point where they can take 2-3-4 more hits as a means of increasing difficulty, which is shitpoor design.Dev needs to make it so that the CPU simply fights BETTER and the 1hit kill rule applies globally from start to finish. Don't try to sell a game on one set point, then break it.Cuirrently not recommended until the above issue is fixed.EDIT: Devs have changed the game to do exactly what I mentioned above: AI now fights better. Now I can recommend it."
76561197992408576,Recommended,598450,32149039,Posted: 3 June,all,Mmaruda,The game is great. A simple yet fun concept wrapped in a very easthetic package. The devs done goofed though by making a somewhat revolutionary fighting game WITHOUT ONLINE MULTIPLAYER. Seriously?
,Not Recommended,598450,31433926,Posted: 29 April,all,Pino,"Game description emphasize ""one hit kill""But the way it increase diffculty is by making the cpu opponent can take multiple hits before dying.Just feel like playing against a cheating opponent"
,Recommended,598450,31456791,Posted: 29 April,all,Arsu Bhai,Not enough rice
76561198202761837,Recommended,598450,31450469,Posted: 29 April,all,shadowdemon2008,"Slice, Dice & Rice is a good game and i really like the idea the game taking points from Bushido Blade. The movement in the game is smooth but sometimes when you attack it doesn't happen then there is only a few attacks you can prform. This game is good and fun but 4 of times the game has crashed on me in the space of 40 minitues. i would recomend the game but get it on sale the cheaper the better. Just becareful if you get this game. i hope one day soon the remaster bushido blade at the moment i give it 6.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,598450,31742523,Posted: 14 May,all,Young James,"IF YOU WANT TO KNOW WHETHER OR NOT TO GET THIS GAME, DO NOT TAKE THIS RECOMMENDATION AS SUCH WITHOUT READING THE REVIEW.  Please.Okay, this is LITERALLY my most qualified recommendation to date.  That includes Darkest Dungeon, and I reviewed that a while back; I really wanna revise that one.  Didn't quite have this process down, at that point. O' course, depending on who you ask, I still might not.One thing you should know about me: Street Fighter II Turbo was literally the very first video game I ever played.  I have been playing them since age 5, and that was how it started, with my older brother (by eight years) taking it upon himself to teach me how to play the SNES, using SF2T.  So, as you can imagine, I harbor a bias in favor of fightgames.  Please keep that in mind.I'm going to say this up front: if you are not a fightgame ENTHUSIAST; I mean the type of people who play SF IV/V (possibly also Street Fighter Alpha 2, STILL, if you're like me), or KoF XIII or Guilty Gear Xrd, etc, on campaign mode, or regularly do human-v-computer matches for FUN, and you don't have friends to♥♥♥♥♥♥around in this game with, DO NOT BUY IT.  For all my gripes, the reason I feel secure in throwing ten bucks at this is I know it hits notes I particularly enjoy, and it's just functional enough to be something I can throw on for a few days here and there (possibly while drinking) and entertain myself.  If my friends and associates are any indication, I'm something of an exception, so I wanted to be up-front.Now that we know the terms, we can get into the specifics.This game has a lot going for it to start off with.  While taste is subjective, I, for one, am a big fan of the jidai geki genre (you know, classic samurai♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword fights, dudes dashing past each other and then suddenly one guy spurts blood and falls over, flashes or ink swipes following sword strikes, general romanticism, etc), and this game delivers pretty damn well. ♥♥♥♥♥♥s sake, there's a guy NAMED ""Yojimbo"", who happens to be my unironic favorite character. And yes, he's wearing a robe, hakama, and kasa (the straw hat thing you see all the stereotypical ronin/samurai dudes wear in movies). There's a wide range, from swift, tessen-wielding birdmen to literal grim reapers (named ""Shinigami"", no less), and smart money says you can find something to your liking here.If you've played Bushido Blade, you know what you're getting into here.  This game is mindgame-heavy, and a single hit will heavily impair your opponent, assuming it doesn't kill him outright.  For what it's worth, I also got a heavy Samurai Shodown feeling from this (which actually bumped it up more in mind than Bushido Blade did, given my history), but that may just be me.  That ""one-ish-hit-kill"" rule, of course, is less true in the campaign.  You will fight boss characters who can take significantly more punishment. This feels especially unfair when playing Benkei's campaign. As he is unarmed, the game requires you to land more hits than it would for other characters (note: his parry has a built-in counter, and he's lightning-quick, to compensate). That, multiplied by boss characters' health makes for an exponential spike in difficulty.Controls are simple.  Horizontal (quick) attack, vertical (heavy) attack, and an unblockable. In an interesting subversion, those first two are not consistent, character-to-character; sometimes your vertical attack is actually quicker than your horizontal attack.  The remaining face button is relegated to an all-purpose parry (although you can also parry by using an attack that strikes in tandem with your opponent's; this is called a ""clash"", instead of a ""parry"", but the effect is largely the same).  The bumpers and triggers do nothing, in direct contrast to most games these days.  Four buttons, one directional pad, be it the analog or the directional.The graphics are wonderful, but could use a little touching-up.  Everything is largely greyscale, but each character has a primary color that is prominent in their costume.  Tengu's tattoos are green, Yojimbo's scarf is blue, Benkei's gi is yellow, but everyone's majority is black and white, as is the background (save for splashes of red), with contrast set to as high as it can be.  It all looks very artistic, and animation is gorgeous, saturated with frames and fluidity.  About the only issue is that Monkey King's color is, evidently, black, so his sprite is literally just black-and-white greyscale, and Tomoe's leotard (which takes up the most-concentrated part of her model) is purple, which makes her appear unusually garish.  I'm aware I'm nitpicking; it's completely fine, I just think that something that's evidently focusing this hard could be refined a little more.The sound is fine. Largely.  Sound EFFECTS are pretty sweet; I like the slashes, blows swiping and striking, as well as the ""yooohhhhh!"" when you decapitate an opponent.  The music is... largely garbage.  Well, I mean, the two songs that there are are perfectly fine. It's just that there are only two songs.The campaign is split into eight parts, one for each character. Think Mortal Kombat IX/X or SFV, although it's only a continuing narrative in name.  Basically, you play one character through eight-ish fights, with little text screens and dialogue every third fight or so.  And most of those dialogues are against a shadow, which basically just growls at you.  Everything is text; no voice acting here.  The story does build, but it's not much of one, so make of it what you will.As I said before, the difficulty curve is EVERYWHERE. Balance here is....  Kinda not.  Some characters are clearly more effective than others, and I have a distinct feeling some were built as counters to others. Naturally, since the campaign makes you play everyone, there will be some fights which take you ten or more tries, while others might be utterly effortless.  This only gets worse when you fight demon version of other characters, who I swear are faster, in classic arcade fashion. The final fight is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t (homeboy has even fewer cooldown frames than his earlier analogues, and input-reads harder), but is by no means impossible, if you're persistent.  The ending is a text scroll.  Like I said, not much of a story.Said difficulty is largely built off matchups. This game is pretty matchup-heavy.  Most characters can make fools of others, and a select few are clearly dev-favorites; they have almost no weaknesses, while others are uphill battles from minute one. This is a larger problem for the campaign, where the CPU knows everything; human-v-human battles don't suffer from this as much.  As a matter of fact, for human vs matches, this can make things more fun as you and your friends find fighters that much up with their natural playstyles and don't have to worry about fighting an input-reading CPU or an accelerated computer-only enemy.  There's a lot more room for mindgames and psycheouts among friends than there is among a man and his computer.Like I said, fightgame freaks like me will enjoy this and find it worth their money.  Folks with friends who are at least casually interested in fightgames will find this to be something they can play and have fun with, possibly over some brews. They, too, will find this worth ten bucks.  This game is competent, though it has its flaws, but I find it recommendable at its full price, so long as you're among those two groups. If not, I still think it's doing some noteworthy things, but wait a while until it falls to five bucks or less.I like it, but I understand that that appreciation is highly specific."
,Recommended,598450,31416329,Posted: 28 April,all,Zetablogg,"ONE clean hit kills. Exept bosses who need 2 or 3 clean hits to kill (but still kills you in one). ONE wounding hit slow you down, but in reality it take 2 or 3 for that.Heavy attack are tricky to land but they only decapitate or explode your enemy if you hit them just right (they still die anyway). So one of the selling point, gore, is down to luck or you need to have actual samurai skills.Exept the straw hat, his heavy attack always explode you it seems.This game is not for me, so sadly i refund it."
76561198249294122,Not Recommended,598450,33199869,Posted: 3 July,all,jclans,"This is my first negative review on Steam. Hopefully not permanent as the basis of this game is great but is only let down by button response. And seeing it's a game based on dodging, timing and parrying it doesn't leave much hope.It's a fighting game similar to mortal kombat but you only have one hit to kill. Against friends it's great as you can have a laugh at others misfortune but against the CPU you really notice the input issue. A mistimed dodge, parry or jump can be lethal so for it not to happen when you ask is a deal breaker.My rig is solid, I play higher demanding games on higher settings without issue. Although, for arguements sake I lowered settings from fantastic to fastest. Still lag.At the begining it isn't noticeable as CPU isn't as punishing but believe me, the second you start to play as Benkei in story mode the **** hits the fan!Benkei, for reasons unknown needs to hit enemies 2-3 times to win a round. He's selling point is his parry... You see the issue?Mistimed parry, you're dead. Can't Dodge quick enough, you're dead. One hit kill on Mr Benkei.If your playing with friends, it's a great game. Forgivable perhaps? But, if you are playing on your own I wouldnt recommend it in its current state or if you have a history of smashing controllers/keyboards in rage quit style."
,Recommended,598450,33229330,Posted: 4 July,all,York,"Fun with friends, unfulfilling singleplayer.Benkei brawl is for true champs."
,Recommended,598450,34016883,Posted: 4 August,all,leshafd,"great game, fight system is fresh and clever, perfect style and joy of campaing"
76561198334508915,Recommended,598450,32095543,Posted: 31 May,all,s34n824,"The Dark Souls of fighting games! No really, in order to win this game you need to; memories you opponents moves, memories your own moves, time it all perfectly, dodge af, scream af, die again and again and again af and repeat. Simple as that."
76561198065877448,Not Recommended,598450,32965723,Posted: 28 June,all,SweepingsDemon,"Very stylish, very fun fighting game reminiscent of the old bushido blade style of gameplay (sort of).Unfortunately, I have persistent issues where the game maps multiple controllers as the P1 controller, or fails to map any of the controllers. I actually had to reset steam because I ended up with more active controller profiles than I had physical controllers. Absolutely unacceptable. I love the game but having issues just playing it kills it for me."
,Not Recommended,598450,31437523,Posted: 29 April,all,MRPP,"No online multiplayer, ok fighting mechanics and a story mode that copies the worst fighting game tropes.The game has issues, and loads of them. Crossovers seem glitchy, input lag comes and goes, the music can glitch every now and then - stuff ranging from the minuscule to major frustrations.The biggest gripe I have with the game is story mode. Granted, I suck at this game, but granting the ""boss"" characters multiple hitpoints and having them just read your inputs is lazy and dumb.Get this only if you have friends who might come over and who love Bushido Blade. Or just emulate Bushido Blade."
76561197988967764,Not Recommended,598450,31439792,Posted: 29 April,all,cheng_long,"I am a tad disapointed, the game is actually closer to Barbarian the ultimate warrior than Bushido blade.and i was hopping more of bushido blade. that is just my personal impression.Graphics are nice with a strong inspiration from Frank Miller, very cool.Sounds and musics are good.But i can't imagine playing this game for many hours."
,Recommended,598450,31513351,Posted: 2 May,all,đéo mẹ,"-Spent 1hr ingame with normal difficulty, and I thought I was playing in extremely dificult lol-Nice game, you guys should try it out-Still need more fixes->Recomended"
76561198029566692,Recommended,598450,31470197,Posted: 30 April,all,QuantumQCB,"Very enjoyable little fighting game with a story mode (lasting about 4-5 hours) that I thoroughly enjoyed. Only downside is there's no online, though you can play local versus."
,Recommended,598450,31424557,Posted: 28 April,all,ninjannuity,"A simple combat game with fun mechanics. Couch co-op sure to make you rage at your friends (or get raged at yourself). Story mode is challenging and rewarding when beating harder enemies. Oh and the gore is entertaining.Well worth the price.Getchu some Slice, Dice & Rice.8/10"
76561198038018552,Recommended,598450,31451675,Posted: 29 April,all,piecewise66,"Ok, let me break this down for you.1. The game is fun for some local multiplayer action. Just as long as no one ever gets too involved in trying to win.2. The characters are horribly unbalanced. Some are great. Others are garbage. Yojimbo in particular is insanely overpowered. He has an instant kill strong attack that flies across the entire screen for god ♥♥♥♥ing sake.3.The arcade mode is broken as ♥♥♥♥. Not only because the characters are unbalanced,  but because the devs are ♥♥♥♥ing idiots who decided to take a game about fights where you can die with one hit and make the enemies able to take 5 to 10 hits. Not only that, but make them able to take a hit, reset and hit you before you can reset.  This means that arcade mode is basically garbage once you get near the end.Basically, if you get this to play it with friends, its fine. If you want a well balanced fighter or a fun arcade mode or online action? Look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,598450,31758455,Posted: 14 May,all,Tasha,"Fun to play with your boyfriend/friends for a (short) while, it lacks content  and online multiplayer so it can't recommend it for now even if just 9$"
,Not Recommended,598450,32696077,Posted: 23 June,all,Sovereign The Absolute,"It is a good game, but bosses that take more than one hit are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥this gets a down vote bc when playing story mode as Tomoe i kill the boss yama kochi or whomever, and it just resets the boss fight. i killed him 4 tikmes in a row, twice now, it it just resets the battle. cant advance only lose. I feel like Zero from megaman just fighitng the same fight then reseting"
76561198074407205,Not Recommended,598450,31433618,Posted: 29 April,all,Lookatthisdenied,"The game is fun and the characters are unique, the major downside I have found is that the combat in the later levels is too difficult. The summary states that you should be able to kill your opponent in one hit. In the later levels it requires multiple hits to kill an opponent, and I got stuck halfway through the story when I was playing a character who didn't have a proper weapon to parry with, so with the quick timing and the delay, I could only someimes parry the attack, and since I died with one hit and it taking multiple hits to kill my oponent I kept loosing consistantly without any wins againts my opponent."
76561198085675458,Not Recommended,598450,33476773,Posted: 12 July,all,gamer,"This is a review of  Slice, dice, and. The game's fighting mechanic is similiar to For Honor, because both games focus on landing killing blows. Unfortunately  this game does not have an online mode. After a few exciting fights, I realized that there is pattern in cpu's attacks. For example, monkey king is defenseless after performing jumping attack. Moreover It was difficult to find a justification to buy this game when  mortal Kombat Komplete Edition only cost 4 dollars more. I eventually  bought this game because i realized  MK games would be in steam summer sale. In conclusion,  eventhough the game is good,   it only worths 4 dollars."
76561197991246792,Not Recommended,598450,33320655,Posted: 6 July,all,Polecat,"I wanted to like this game, but the concept that is at their core of their design immediately goes out the window. 1 hit kills become worthless when one of the base characters takes 2 hits to kill, enemies routinely take 3 and 4 hits to kill, and bosses with the earlier mentioned characters can take upwards of 6 hits to kill. Add to that unreliable commands and the tendancy for the CPU opponants to 'button read' inputs, and you have a game that fails in what it tries to deliver. I hope future patches fix some of these issues, but I'm not holding my breath. Get your rice elsewhere..."
,Recommended,598450,31401335,Posted: 27 April,all,Ахмат Ибн Нургали,A complex game that requires high concentration.
76561198201387957,Not Recommended,598450,31445984,Posted: 29 April,all,ネーマズ,"Find the weakpoint of the IA for each character and spam it. (80% of the time , jump + vertical slash)Ia will randomly parry/escape 5 attacks in a row, or be detroyed by an heavy attack launched at the beginning of the round without even moving.Maybe the worst game in my steam game list (60 games)."
,Not Recommended,598450,31431556,Posted: 28 April,all,Perks.,"Realistically, this is my fault for purchasing and not reading the 'local multiplayer' tag, but it's 2017, fighting against a cpu opponent is really outdated, and frankly is quite boring.Beyond standard prediction algorithms, this game will not hold up for more than a few more hours without some element of online multiplayer. I understand that for 10 bucks I can go see a movie for a few hours, but this is a BEAUTIFUL game with a TON of WASTED potential without being able to compete against anyone but my 1 year old son, and highly incompetent girlfriend.Once online multiplayer is added, this game will actually be great. Until then, unfortunately I'm going to have to stick to not recommending this game. =\ Will update my review if this aspect changes."
,Not Recommended,598450,31518278,Posted: 2 May,all,Mythadeus,"Before we begin it is best noted that I don't grade a fighting game on its multiplayer whether or not it is in because it really comes down to if a character needs a nerf or not.Damn sad that this concept failed in execution because it's exactly what someone like me who can't pull off a fatality needs. One hit kills no combos no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...heh. Cept thats all this game has, not that I haven't gotten too far but the AI even the first fight reacted to my inputs and not my moves. Press B for heavy and before I start the animation they have flown off to the other end of the screen. Then we get to the tag, the phrase that the developer wants said synonymously with the title ""One Hit Kills"". Except when it doesn't and you end of wounding someone, it does nothing by the way sometimes the AI starts squirting blood spastically in a repeat animation in the middle of the fight as if crouch spamming but it seems to have no affect on what they did next. Only certain moves seem to wound though and it makes no sense as to why other times the same move wounds the next it kills with no difference in execution. Worse offender is the story mode which is in essence Mortal Kombats totem climb story. Play character VS the rest of the roster and then a mirror of yourself and then the boss character. None of the crap holds a candle to SkeletorOld mate Skeletor has a nice little suprise for you everything but your heavy attack (a huge wind up dodge only leave yourself open suicide move) wounds him. Yep, he has health around 2-3 hits worth of it and the one true thing this game carries in the meaning of its tag ""No Combos"" so you hit the bone boy with no chance at adding follow up as all strikes have recovery time unless you cancel out of it and blah blah blah it still won't let you land 2 hits to actually make him care. So he tanks it and guts you in turn without you being able to one line him for his mistake as he has to make several and you only have to make the mistake of trying to hit him. Well I do lie...kinda. He has a combo a wound kill combo that stun locks on the first hit that he starts when he tanks your hit. You can parry the first strike not the second so why not dodge, oh boy.Dodging and parrying as well as the little spicy slow motion mode are possibly the worst used abilities in this game. Sure you can parry a hit but according the hint section this is to enable ""frame advantage"" which the enemy pulls back out off and doesn't care that you just blocked them as strikes take time to connect so you don't get to parry capitalize you get to parry chase. Dodging is the stickiest and grossest feeling you will ever have with this game this ain't no Mortal Kombat or Injustice you don't have an animation you all get some wind effect and slide back be it in air or ground so when you think you want to have a high octane charge parry slice cancel into a dodge you really REALLY don't as the dodge as some weird delay stick and can't be connected quickly to enable smooth movement.Onto the system that is just in the game and it isn't useful more often then not it gets you killed its slow motion mortal strike dodging. So in theory (you start with and regain it after gaining distance from your opponent) it activates as a strike that would kill you nearly connects in reality when it goes off you are either in no way in danger or already dead when the point is to give you reaction time to counter the attack it really only adds what amounts to frame lag in a  fighting game.A really butchered concept that amounts to the AI flipping around spastically whilst you try and spam heavies and down aerials to exploit their poor reception to aerial attacks whilst they ESP your moves."
76561198119501258,Not Recommended,598450,33189291,Posted: 3 July,all,Salvatration on Twitter,"Ultimately shallow. It tries to execute a concept similar to Bushido Blade but on a 2D plane, and it just comes across as having less depth, because it does. Neat for a bit, but not worth much time."
,Not Recommended,598450,32752256,Posted: 24 June,all,zeuschrist,♥♥♥♥ this game its so difficult which isnt y i hate it. its because it randomly shuts down on me at the last level and now i have to do it ALLL AGAIN. control wouldnt be bad to fix up on either. everytime i jump back i jump up instead when i attack twice i only attack once. it feels idk the word maybe stuck? idk but i like the concept just need to really fix it up
76561197985706147,Recommended,598450,31572084,Posted: 5 May,all,Nash,"Awesome title with gorgeous graphics and presentation paired with simple, yet calculating gameplay. Each fight is a best of 5 series, and matches can last anywhere from 1-30 seconds. One hit kills rule the day, but you can get lucky and escape an altercation if the hits aren't clean (same goes for your enemies). Even the final boss can go down in one shot with a well placed strong attack (controller strongly recommended). Definitley worth a pickup for fight fans looking for something a little different."
76561198011665269,Recommended,598450,31560221,Posted: 5 May,all,Namaragan,Its a fun game to play with friend over a beer . Cutting heads and chillin
,Recommended,598450,31655545,Posted: 9 May,all,Lutzalec,This game is something else for sure. It's like playing Dive Kick with swords in a sense. The characters are great and it's definitely something you can take competitively. It has some updates needed in the future but it's worth every penny spent.
,Recommended,598450,31718861,Posted: 13 May,all,Valk Gurlukavich,"This game is amazingly fun.  Really simple idea, but once you get the hang of it and really get into playing people it is an absolute blast!"
,Recommended,598450,31476712,Posted: 30 April,all,Tohru,Love the game play mostly with friends but today I am on the second character of the story and I think the game is actually harder now compared to yesterday when I played but there was an update today so possibly something happened.... idk if it just me but a boss is suddenly not dying i hit him 12 times with a combination of vertical and horizantal attacks and two of them being air verticals. I see the words Wound and Slice pop up but he doesnt care... then swings at me and kills me with one hit.. I tried a few times and it hasnt changed.. lol is this the end for the game :(
,Recommended,598450,31554563,Posted: 5 May,all,Lancy,"the main reason it has mixed reviews is that it doesn't have online multiplayer, which turns off quite a few people. I can understand why people would leave a negative review on it. But I personally am not really bother by this, the game only came out a few days agoI personally like this game so far, the game is solid, not hard to control and simple to understand. A 2D fighting game based around one shot, one kill is very nice to see, even though it is a vary old concept now.The Aesthetic of the game is well done. A mixed Asian setting is a good choice for a game like this, the soundtrack just makes it more great. Characters have interesting designs, and even differnt mechanics to them, like for example, benki can counter-attack instead of just parry, yojimbo has a dash heavy attack and Tomoe has a divekick.Story mode is nothing special, but it at least gives me a goal to acomplish in this game, however, im currently stuck on yokai yoketsu, who just keeps dodging all of my attacks and just obliderates me when i play benki story mode, that then really turned me off a good bit by this game, and i wish there was an improvement for benki since he seems a bit underpowered for now.versus mode is fine, local multiplayer makes it nice when playing it with a friend, makes the keyboard get a bit crowded but simply buying a controller will fix it.so would i recommend this game? well, best you bought it on a sale, $10 seems a bit much for what the game offers. I'm sure there will be updates that will bring this game to have more replayability, like characters, maps, maybe other game modes and as mention before online multiplayer.for now, i will leave a positive review on this game, and when a new updates comes, i'll be sure to update. I have high hopes for this game and i hope it will end up being successful.Total score 7/10improvement is definitly needed"
,Recommended,598450,31437005,Posted: 29 April,all,ck1521,"UPDATE on 5.5:Seems the latest patch lowered the difficulty, all mid-bosses (Yo-kai) are just as tough as normal opponents.But the last boss got ridiculously durable.... at least seems almost unbeatable for me so....Suggest wait until the difficulty gets patched (again)-------------------------------------Good game. Short in general but still worth the price *if there's gonna be a online versus*.I really like fighting games more focused on footsies rather than a lot of fancy moves & combos.Although lacking of moves kind of limited the game's re-play value. (especially when you can't find someone to play with)NOTE currently you can only remap key-bindings on attack moves.For someone who's not a WASD player (like myself), try AutoHotkey :)Story mode is not very hard under Normal.(e.g. Kojiro, try jump + vertical combined with ground dash + horizontal on bosses)Tougher bosses(cheater) are actually the best opponents to practice your skill with since there's no “CPU” in Dojo.Looking forword to online versus."
,Not Recommended,598450,31442130,Posted: 29 April,all,Tarhead,"""Review"" contains trace amounts of salt.Firstly I'll repeat what almost everyone else has:No online multiplayer: Doesn't really concern me, since I like local play, but I understand what they are going for. Although I feel like this would be infuriating online if the connection isn't one-to-one.Story difficulty: Oh boy! Remember the premise of one hit kill? Well it will only concern you. Later on enemies will have double or triple ""hitpoints"". This added to some recovery ratio differences makes for some infernally frustrating situations. Slower characters without linking normal attacks will be♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck. The thing I liked about the story mode is that you play it in order so the little story it has makes sense. Character designs are cool and well made, but the character stories are cliche and uninspiring. Yoketsus' (Big sword lady) and Benkeis story was the most fun.Control mapping/controls in general: I played the game with keyboard and with controller both. I would've probably played with a keyboard if I didn't have to map them every time I start up the game. Previous reviews have said that the controls seem tight and functional, but I have to disagree. This could be due to the Usaminaminami which slows the game down if someone is getting attacked and they got their Usnaminami meter full. More about the USAnaminam later. Due to the games fast pace, it would be great if you'd know when you have been finished with your recovery frames so you can dash away or parry, but no dice. But don't read too much into that. It could just mean I'm at the bottom of casual scum. This along with the slow-time-downsaminami devolves the game into a button masher.Now something I didn't see mentioned:Usanami, cross ups and moves: I grumbled about the slow down that happens when someone gets hit, but along with making the game feel like it stutters, it seems to grant extra frames to recoveries. So if you wanna do a jumping vertical, you must bait out the slow down first. Once again, this could be due to casual scumness, but since I started to bait the slowdown out first, it has been less of a problem. Take it with my grains of salt. Crossing up the opponent and attacking will make your character attack their original direction, so be careful to not land on the other side of the opponent. Gameplay is fun, albeit there are a few moves that would need a bit fine tuning on their hitboxes. For example Monkey Kings ground verticals animation and ""speed line"" shows the weapon go behind him and go all the way around. Still, hitbox is only on the front of the Kang. Heavy attacks are unparryable yes, but are they clashable? Get back to me on this. Due to the slowdown I stopped parrying altogether, since it messes up the timing of it. Hopefully I'm just wrong, but if I'm not, please patch. You got a fun game in here a bit deeper.Characters: I'll go through 'em one by one. I don't know for sure if there is more than the original 8, but here goes.Kojiro: Standard Mr. Standard. Nothing special. He's first character in the story mode. This vanilla boy allows you to get a taste of what's to come.Tengu: Best guy. Flies like a plane and hits like a plane. Not the toppest tier character tho.Yoketsu: Girl has hyperarmor on when attacking. No indicators to my knowledge when it runs out, so just be careful. Her parry is an elbow to the face. No idea if it does actual damage, since I cornered the cpu and elbowed until I got bored, but I've finished a few fights in story mode with it. Her vertical hits both sides of her, so Monkey King has no excuses.Benkei: A refreshing character in this roster. Uses punches and kicks. First character I noticed having a second attack when timing two horizontals proper. Then the slowdown always messed the rythm and I started to just smash it with better results. His parry is a counter which you cant continue with another horizontal.Kyoko: This character made me feel like the others were unfinished. Three horizontal combo that moves pretty far. Doing a backdash and immediatly doing a horizontal is a sure kill more often than not. Jumping vertical is a divekick which can be continued with a horizontal. Her ground vertical is pretty damn good. Kyoko feels like the actual boss character of the game.Shinigami: Jumping skell. Good reach, but feels slow on a start up. So just jump and horizontal your way to the top. If the opponent jumps towards you, just do a jumping vertical. It makes a box of kill around Shinigami.Yojimbo: Fun due to the heavy attack being a cliche sword dash thing. Otherwise pretty mediocre.All in all I kinda regret buying it, but I haven't played versus yet. Maybe that's where the fun is at.I'll add things and correct myself if needed.TL;DR: Kyoko is best, but Tengu is better. Buy if you wanna make your friend cry. If you don't wanna cry then don't buy."
76561198044997439,Recommended,598450,31461882,Posted: 30 April,all,Shao Tin Oolong,"This game is good to a point. Although for a game where a single hit meaning the difference beteween life and death is a cool idea, The game story mode is filled with enemies that basically spit in the face of that idea although your character still obeys by that rule. sure in passive games with friends in a badass 1v1 game i get glancing blows can be non-lethal, But to have a story with a heavy amount of AI who toss that idea away is a little frustrating especially on the higher difficulties but for the wrong reasons. I like a challenge and understand when it comes down to skill vs the AI able to abuse the mechanics to where it makes it more frustrating than fun. Again the game is fun and I love the Mechanics over all."
,Recommended,598450,31413465,Posted: 28 April,all,LeCypher,"A simple fighting game with not much of health, so it's most of the time a kind of sudden death match and you shouldn't be reckless.Although I enjoyed playing this on my laptop and runs fine, the only thing I hope they'll fix is the PS4 dualshock compatibility.The ps4 controller works perfect when wired, but it doesn't work well when using bluetooth. If they fix this, I'd totally recommend the game to my friend.No issues with Xbox One controller there."
,Recommended,598450,32599654,Posted: 20 June,all,Silvarren,"It's ok. The game may be inspired by Bushido Blade, and to a degree it is similar, but it's a lot more one dimensional than that description would imply. It's still a fun game, though. There are, as of this writing, a number of typos and grammatical inconsistencies (that can't just be explained by 'intended' effect). Not a big deal, but it stuck out to me."
76561198009067077,Recommended,598450,33094119,Posted: 1 July,all,GRANIT Salvo,"I recommend it in spirit of Bushido Blade, but it feels like Bushido blade was more complex than this.I'd say the design is nice, but it isn't....The characters have a hyper contrast to them while the stages dont...Also, the character lighting is all over the place, and none match the lighting source of the stage.  The extreme of this can be seen matching up the brawler to the monkey king.  the brawler is lit from back left while the monkey king is front right.  It's painful to keep focus on."
76561198075754454,Recommended,598450,33886580,Posted: 29 July,all,Grim Rapper,"the game is ok, the simplistic battle is pritty cool consider the thrill is notvariety of movment but from delivering a killing blow at the right moment.but the game could really use more characters,"
76561198073153063,Recommended,598450,31438739,Posted: 29 April,all,Don Edgy,"It's supposed to be a good game but the hitbox is very dodgy. A vertical slash on a falling opponent oftenly connects or a horizontal slash sometimes connects during a dodge while sometimes it doesn't. Although, if you purchased this game then you won't regret it either since the concept is good(it delivers on the 2D bushido blade premise). Either wait for a possible sequel that hopefully has better hitboxes or wait for a possible patch. In the event that neither of those happen then it's still an ok buy just for the concept and a semi good party game.Edit: This game is janky, no doubt about that. But it's the good kind of jank, one that you don't throw away in the garbage and instead keep inside the house and tell your guests that it's a rare artpiece. Best played with friends, ok played by your lonesome."
76561198044917795,Recommended,598450,34749803,Posted: 4 September,all,Pale Caesar,"Simple but entertaining 2D fighter. As everyone says, it's like a 2D Bushido Blade. I think that's a simple but fair assessment. I did enjoy this game, though, enough to play through it with everyone. The art style is pretty nice, and the characters are completely unique and different from each other.Might be hard to spot it for the regular price, but if it goes on sale, it's worth it!"
