user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,598660,30407148,Posted: 9 March,all,stuttlepress,"Update: The developer appears to have abandoned this project. It remains prototype quality and is only really useful as a novelty. Save your money and use the free and excellent Bigscreen beta with the free desktop Plex app instead.Original review:This is pretty neat proof of concept, but it has basic interface issues and bugs that prevent it from being suitable for routine use. The biggest problem for me is that Plevr doesn't display all of my Plex libraries. It seems to have arbitrarily chosen two random libraries. Plevr doesn't offer any configuration options, so there is apparently no way to correct this. Also absent are all of the Plex channels that I have installed.The other major showstopper for me is the lack of grouping for television shows. In your TV library, Plevr renders a box for *every single episode*, side by side. If I want to choose a Westworld episode, I have to scroll through 5000 episodes of other shows until I reach the Ws. This looks super nifty, but it's stupidly impractical. There is a voice search feature that might mitigate this, but I can't get it to recognize what I'm saying.I hope Plevr improves because I'd love a practical VR Plex interface. The current release is really just a prototype. Maybe it should have been released as Early Access."
,Not Recommended,598660,33183790,Posted: 3 July,all,The Guzzler™,"Should have read the reviews before buying...Like everyone else has said, this should be considered an Early Access title. The fact that it isn't labeled as such is very decieving. It's alpha software. It's a proof of concept that ultimately is not a practical solution for movie viewing in VR. There are much better options.The next update has been coming ""next week"" as of mid-March. If this hasn't been abandoned, then the developer needs to step up and talk about what's to come. Right now, it just feels like a waste of money. I'll be refunding."
,Not Recommended,598660,30632366,Posted: 20 March,all,standardman,Functional but needs a lot of work. The developer seems to be doing that work but this probably should have been labelled early access.
,Not Recommended,598660,30519878,Posted: 14 March,all,Escher Beat,"I wanted to like Plevr, but it is definitely an alpha level piece of software right now. It should not be paid for at the moment because it may not even work for you, and if it does, theres a decent likelihood it will be fraught with issues. AKA youre paying to be an alpha tester.For me, the software is completely inoperable beyond changing environments and moving the screen. I cant openany menus, my top/menu button just starts defaulting to a really annoying and loud volume function. Sometimes this game causes the compositor to crash. Sometimes when I click the window on desktop, the headset crashes.I don't understand why this isn't early access. BUYER BEWARE"
,Not Recommended,598660,31633325,Posted: 8 May,all,twitch.tv/surpriselove,"The program is not a new idea, except for the fact that it is made with Plex directly in mind. There are a few issues that can restrict what shows and plays on a particular server when Plex will work just fine on any other platform. Definitely a huge pain in the ***. Besides the inability to see all of the content, the simulation that you exist in is barebone. You can change to a couple locations or exist in a black world and you can alter the screen size and location. The enironments themselves feel very, very fake. Over a decade ago I was learning C++ and generated an entire prestine city out of code. It was beautiful, but too perfect and it looked.. well.. generated. That is the only way I can describe the aesthetics. As for controlling everything.. the author really felt touch was the way to go. Remember, this is a ""I'm going to sit back in a Lazy Boy and watch a movie"" program but for some reason a controller wasn't thought up. To add to the sitting down should be the focus problems, if you are sitting and line up the black ""VR Lazy Boy"" to your Lazy Boy perfectly you can accidently change the environment with your hands in a resting state on the arm rests. It was really, really annoying to try to figure what madness was happening the first time I wanted to watch something.On top of all of that no one has reviewed this game for well over a month, and the developer is nowhere to be seen. I would HIGHLY DISCOURAGE buying this title until some serious work is done. I got it for 20% off the $9.99 price and still asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,598660,30627951,Posted: 19 March,all,Lazengann,"I was really psyched for Plevr but its a real dissapointment. It should be Early Access. I simply cannot understand how the dev thought it was possible to release this without respecting the user's Plex library structure. Even in the 1.1 beta you don't even have shows grouped, you have to scroll through individual episodes. WTF. Having to touch to change the view is just annoying too, the infinite horizontal wall is way too close and really lame for a library view (like, Jaunt or Within already have much nicer library views, why reinvent the wheel) and the whole throwing the boxes at the screen to play is just a further annoyance. Many had already commented how pointless those things were before release but it doesn't seem like the dev cared.Oh and having to take off the headset to log in? Get out of here.I'll just stick with Bigscreen and desktop Plex until the Plex guys come out with an official client."
,Not Recommended,598660,30434637,Posted: 10 March,all,Kira,Right now the software requires a lot of work. The developer seems to be continuing to develop it however in it's current state it's barely usable and as such I cannot recommend it. That said it shows a lot of promise.Specifically1. It needs support for sub titles.2. At the present TV shows libraries do not group episodes together. Voice search and on deck are work arounds to be able to get to what you want but require you to know exactly what you want.I look forward to using Plexvr when these issues get addressed.
76561197966643536,Not Recommended,598660,30433702,Posted: 10 March,all,[CNT] Malov,This application seems to be in early alpha testing and shouldn't cost money at the moment. The sound doesn't work when a movie is open. Plex cloud doesn't show up at all. Can only see movies or tv shows that are on deck and if you have any other libraries that you would like to view too bad. This sounded like a great companion with plex but stick with big screen and you will enjoy that much more.
76561197960866537,Recommended,598660,30531655,Posted: 15 March,all,kaBoom,"Super intuitive controls and usage, it's honestly fantastic for laying in bed and watching a movie. Can't understate how easy and fast it is to use!"
,Recommended,598660,30420154,Posted: 9 March,all,spudsta87,"Overall, its a nice plex player for your VR headset, if you use plex,  you might want to give it a shot. It seems to work well so far."
,Recommended,598660,30415360,Posted: 9 March,all,colonel satre,"It's fun to have an interactive program to use with Plex, I've been full on the Plex train for a while...  Plus the making it easy to get youtube vids to VR is pretty nice!  Definitely looking forward to the 360 video support and curious to see what the ""So much more..."" will be.I'd recommend this because it's a unique experience and it makes for a cool thing to show off!"
,Recommended,598660,30416423,Posted: 9 March,all,Space Harambe,I enjoy this software.  The 3D movie player works wonderfully as long as the files contain -sbs or -ou according to the 3D movie format.  My only critique is that I wish I could look through my libraries the way I have them organized in Plex.  I would recommend this product if you're looking to watch plex movies in VR.
76561198010534630,Recommended,598660,30405770,Posted: 9 March,all,Vatzz,"Very nice media player. Controls are simple and easy to use.The only thing I am dissapointed about are the poor menus.In plex I have separate libraries for HD Movies, SD Movies and 3D movies. Plevr puts them all into the same one.And browsing TV shows is a nightmare because it gives you a list of every single episode. This program could be fantastic once they get the menus sorted out."
,Recommended,598660,30415629,Posted: 9 March,all,m1e1w1,"This application has a lot of potential to be a great cinima VR experiance with the power of Plex Media Server behind it. I would like to see the developer colaberate along side the community with a few features later; after the items already in progress get pushed through.Some improvments for the experiance that could work; such as custom room skins, as well as the digital clock, the chair... just for fun. Things like a park with an inflatable screen, lawn chairs, a cinima theater audotorium. The clock; things such as changing the color, or size of the display.Great starting point though. I will continue to use this alot for my 3D films for sure.I would recommend this software for those who want the experiance this offers, it's still quite early in development so it can only get better with your suggestions and feedback here. What it brings to VR, and the upcomming planned improvments from the developer to come."
76561198157587930,Recommended,598660,30415842,Posted: 9 March,all,kirkwils,"After switching to beta version of Plevr, I was very very impressed. The software maintains current categories and everything seems to be running smooth. The only real change I would add would be nested folders in Plex. In my original review, Plex categories did not exist, and now they do. This was a major victory for the software. If I were able to open up a particular TV show and be presented with the seasons instead of a flattened view of every show, I would be over the moon.I would like to thank the developers for working hard on this software. It is truly amazing to be able to interact with my video library in this manner. When I played a 3D movie and was prompted to nod my head if the movie was 3d...well that was just an awesome touch. Great work guys and gals...this is solid and extremely funtional.For anyone who uses plex, you will not be disappointed in this app."
76561197969362928,Recommended,598660,30417050,Posted: 9 March,all,acegamer,"Great starting point for what can become an excellent way to access your Plex library in VR.  There are some issues with playback that have to be worked out but it is still a very promising piece of software and the communication that I had with the Dev concerning the issues I experienced was very encouraging.  I can really sense that the Dev cared about the program and I have faith that it will be improved upon.  He even offered to refund me my money through Paypal and let me keep the software if I didn't want to wait until the fixes are in place.  I didn't want a refund but it was awesome that it was offered in that manner.The issue that I have is that on one of my computers a lot of movies won't play due to apparent transcoding/buffering issues.  I have two computers setup and on the other computer the program worked great.  The computer containing my plex server is the one having the trouble strangely enough.As I said it did work great on one of my computers which has an Oculus Rift connected to it.  The image quality and playback smoothness was excellent on the movie that I watched.  The inteface was fast and responsive.  I did find that trying to fast forward in the movie lead to a buffering screen but that wasn't a big deal.   I really like the selection method and think that the only thing it needs is a little better sorting so that items can be found even quicker when you have a really large library.I would recommend the software as it stands now as long as you are willing to deal with some of the current issues, especially at the low cost.  If you would rather wait until things are sorted out more then definitely keep an eye out for the updates so that you know when to jump in.  I'm sure I'll be getting plenty of use out of it until then."
,Recommended,598660,30420649,Posted: 9 March,all,Prax,"I love this app, I like being able to lay on my couch and be surrounded by my screen and have access to all my content on my plex server.  I was a beta tester for a while and the dev is very responsive.  I have yet to be able to throw a movie at it that the software can't handle.  The envirouments are a very nice touch and I hope in the future we can expand widgets some so maybe we can interact with an external windows app or something."
76561198117632336,Recommended,598660,30459099,Posted: 11 March,all,tveith,"I was really excited for Plevr to be released and overall, I'm not disappointed.Pros:* Great interface and easy to use.* Found my library immediately after login.* Re-positioning the viewing angle was a snap and it's extremely easy to change environments.* YAY - Plex for VR!!!!!!!Cons:* OMG please disable the horrible trigger noise that sounds like a gun shot -- first time that happened I nearly jumped out of my f*cking skin (yes, my volume was set way too loud, LOL)!!!* Resolution needs to be improved -- is there a way to increase the detail / sampling rate? My movies appear a tad grainy in Plevr. I don't have this problem with Simple VR Player.* Some of my movies stuttered, such as Assassin's Creed. Perhaps with more tweaking and optimization of the code this will improve.* Subtitle support -- how do I enable subtitles??* I'd like to see more choices when selecting library titles -- ie. Genre, Decade, etc.  Perhaps you could enable a menu option that would allow us to switch views, i.e. categories, genre, decade, etc?* Needs more environments (glad you are working on this!)Overall, this is a really terrific first effort and I'm really looking forward to future updates!"
76561198024953534,Recommended,598660,30623825,Posted: 19 March,all,yargok,Just so people know Im reviewing the beta version of PleVR available through steamIve tried to play my videos using a few apps but this one is by far the most futuristic and simple to use. The menu system reminds me of Minority Report when I'm swiping left and right. I love nodding/shaking my head to confirm that a movie is 3d.Im hoping you get social features soon. Good job I'm definitely not disappointed
,Recommended,598660,30804586,Posted: 28 March,all,Fulk_Nerra,"Along way to go but a great concept, this software is pretty fresh so I'll stick around for a bit while the kinks are ironed out.the library doesnt always load correctly, the interface of choosing a tvshow is pretty bad and is spilt up by episode not show, so you end up with a list 2 miles long(if you hoard shows like myself). Interface isnt very intuitive and sometimes ignores input (accidently touching something will reset your view in the section you are looking at causing you to have to pull through an entire long list again).The dev from what I've seen has been active in the community so I have hopes for where this product might go."
,Recommended,598660,30402842,Posted: 8 March,all,yepthatsjason,"Plevr is a fun, lighthearted, customizable media player.The developers made good use of the Vive touch controllers, and it feels natural to grab and rotate the movies in your library. Some other nice features to mention are that it's super easy to reposition to screen to pretty much any viewing angle you'd like. For example you could easily be watching a movie laying down in bed, a reclained char, or sitting in a chair.I really like the simple gesture for changing scenes. By tapping a button next to you, you can quickly flip between environments make you feel in control of where you are. The scenes given out of the box are fantastic... I love the modern house with the wind blowing through the curtains.Since they're integrating with plex you get a lot of the cool features like movie cover art and descriptions. So far this is one of the best players I've seen to get those kinds of additions, and the framerate feels good.Keep up the great work devs!"
,Recommended,598660,30599651,Posted: 18 March,all,thegraphicsmonkey,"After a few glitches which were quickly resolved by the support team I can highly recommend this software, the environments are well designed and the interface works well, always nice holding your films even if they are only files.Looking forward to the tweaks in the update:)Thanks again to the Dev Alex and the team of coders for their help."
,Recommended,598660,31458305,Posted: 30 April,all,GizzmoAsus,"After waiting for Plex support to come to VR for such a long time, this definately didn't disappoint.The interface for viewing the different plex libraries is very cool but could do with series folder support so that you don't have to go through every episode in a series before reaching the next one, Voice support helps with this to an extent but doesn't always recognise the series I'm looking for.The only major bug bare I have with this is the ability to adjust the height of the seating position, it's dependant on the position of the headset in relation to the ground so when you slouch down to watch something you either have to sit back up straight to reach the next episodes (marathon watching) or put the headset on the seat when launching to make it think you are shorter than you are. Re-positioning the screen however is incredibly easy when moving it horizontally, it's the vertical support that is currently not available.The only other element missing is for the show/film to show up on the TV in full screen mode so that any visitors can watch the TV while you're watching a 60ft screen :)Overall, if you have a Plex server locally or friends with Plex servers that you all share, then this is a must app."
76561198371757819,Recommended,598660,30415205,Posted: 9 March,all,bowserwowser,"Just watched a TV show using my Oculus -love that I can lay down on my couch and watch comfortably. nice that I can move the screen around without even pausing the video I'm watching. I've used Plex for years, so have been waiting for something like this. Wish it was in the Oculus store though"
76561197978551739,Recommended,598660,30415241,Posted: 9 March,all,Infinity VR Event Hire,"Bearing in mind that this is the first offering since Beat, the software is looking very positive. Added my Movies and TV shows from the deck. I'd like to see more options with regard to the different libraries that I have, and a few simple tidy ups. The interface works pretty well, although it took a few minutes to get used to ""flinging"" the DVD case like film at the TV to run it. I'd like to see how well it does with side by side, but I'll get around to that at some point.Some added functionality would make this a really nice option while the wife is watching her TV.Liking the first release though."
