user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198061985024,Recommended,599750,32605887,Posted: 20 June,all,"rocky21212 ""People's Liberator""","Tried to launch nukes and annihilate America 3 months after taking power, but my generals changed the launch codes and executed me for treason against the global proletariat.A truly realistic and brutally difficult simulation of politics in the late Soviet Union."
,Recommended,599750,30637714,Posted: 20 March,all,living on cloud 9,"Despite its flaws, Crisis in the Kremlin is a major improvement on the 1991 version of the game.The first major improvement is that your regime doesn't intend on committing suicide like it does in the 1991 version (unless you're playing on hard.) You run the USSR in an oddly very democratic way, a way that challenges you to think and rewards you as such. You have to remember to be careful with your ambitions, which DO have realistic concequences for things like overspending. It's ironic, because in Democracy 3, a so-called Democracy simulator does a horrible job of presenting to us. Secondly, like all games, it's confusing at first - but very easy to learn for a geopolitics game of this depth. Your country will effectively collapse if you overspend and make risky foreign investments, but it will boom if you manage to spend enough on both supplying your people with what they need, making enough profit for economic growth, while remaining economically independent enough.P.S.: There's a weird bug where you start off even on Utopia difficulty you start off with nothing in your economy. I'm sure as of now that this is just a bug, and not a major aspect of gameplay.Foreign policy (note that this is heavily impacted by pregame events that you can either skip over and go the historical route or change by not skipping over) nonetheless needs some improvement. On anything above normal, if you don't funnel what's left of your budget into fueling loyal regimes, they grow tired of you, break away from you, and then suddenly collapse. On Normal, however, the game does a good job of presenting foreign relations effectively. Romania is lead by an oddly authoritarian maverick regime - as in real life under Ceaușescu - Bulgaria has tendancies to sway toward Yugoslavia, but are nonetheless loyal, as with real life - Czechoslovakia is keen on reform, but can be kept in place, as with real life - Poland is loyal, but occasionally requires support or intervention to be kept loyal, as with real life, East Germany is a firm ally, as with real life, and China has mixed feelings on you, as with real life. It could use a bit of brushing up, though; although it's benefitial to start and win an immediate civil war in South Africa by backing labor unions, it ignores both pre-war elections and the possibility of having an interesting diplomatic scenario revolving around the civil war in South Africa. Communist sympathy and the extent of reform also needs some patching up, as well as 'supporting revolutions.'The individual decisions you can make and party management are what make the game challenging. There's a lot of variety in what can happen and the AI isn't always predictable, plus, your actions have such a grand impact on the overall game that it requires you to read over things when they appear, and to put thought into your choices. And that is exactly what makes the game fun. The music also greatly improves the experience. I personally enjoy Soviet political music and military marches, but that definately needs to be expanded on, as well as most of the music. I suggestthis playlistas an addition to Soviet political music.OVERALL REVIEW:8/10This game is one of the most fun games I've ever played - if it wasn't, why did I play for 3 hours straight when I first got it? It touches on nearly all the flaws of the old game and can be frustratingly endearing. Each time I play through the game it always changes a little bit, and takes aspects of repetition out of the game. Nonetheless, more features should certainly be added and the game needs to be brushed upon."
,Recommended,599750,30643934,Posted: 20 March,all,Chubs,You get to stop Khrushchevite revisionism and continue the immortal science of Marxism-Leninism for the glorious republic.10 dead kulaks/10
,Recommended,599750,32564025,Posted: 19 June,all,[ UKF ]  amore555,"For under £5 this active developer has resurrected a classic DOS strategy game and updated it to the modern day.  If you're into your grand strategy and political sims then this is the one for you.It takes on the old style of strategy games in which there are more ways to fail, than to succeed, it doesn't hold your hand, but the community is good and active and over time you can develop winning tactics.The game has multiple starting points, and countless options for the handling of the Soviet State through the decades, the world will change in yours, or the US's image depending on your actions.  Replayability is endless here.The only real con I can point to is the English Translations, while functional, still require a bit of love from a native speaker, and you will sometimes find yourself unsure what exactly is meant by some of the longer descriptions.With that said the game is constantly being updated, the developer is continually adding free additional content and for that reason I can wholly recommend the game, both for the sake of enjoying it in and of itself, and also for supporting this developer in the hope that he makes more of these gems."
76561198077240734,Recommended,599750,30647537,Posted: 20 March,all,Elder of Time,"The game is well worth the price of 5 dollars. It is a rough gem (which is why it is worth the 5 dollars, no more no less). It is rough because first of all, there are grammatical and spelling errors all over the place, the localization is not complete, you can see Russian here and there which can be a pain for non-Russian speakers, second of all, there are multiple bugs that causes wrong string display and whatnot (nothing gamebreaking though), lastly, it doesn't really hold your hands and the game is not as visual as Democracy where everything is linked and you know the consequences.It should be noted that having knowledge on the history of the USSR is extremely helpful for the game (it can sometimes even help you make decisions), not having any prior knowledge will cause you to get lost due to not knowing what an event is about or what the consequences are.For a summary of the game: you basically play as a Soviet historical entity, replay the Fall of the Soviet Union and see if you can turn it around. You can choose several different approaches to the matter, reform the Soviet Union, go on a hardline path or go full on liberal. You can decide how to approach historical events (occured before the game's timeframe but can still use it to influence your stats) and current events (the events basically advance time a month at a time). The timeframe goes from as early as 1985 to as late as 1996, a total of 132 turns excluding historical events (where a victory scene will show telling you how you did). There are several numbers you need to keep track of: budget, science points, political power points, and loyalties. Budget is used to allocate around and make things run, science points can be used to unlock tech and ultimately win the space race, political power points can be used to export revolutions or enact reformation and loyalty ensures you stay in power (don't mess with the KGB or the military, those are quick ways to lose the game).All in all, fairly interesting, nice replayability especially if you want to try out different idealogies.很有意思的一款游戏，很便宜，但是物有所值。基本上的意思就是你被钦点“中央都决定啦，你来当(苏共)总书记。”，于是乎你来建设苏联特色修正社会主义（你也可以选择走民主路线或者是共产主义路线）。游戏是按回合进行的，每年12回合，一回合一个月，从最早的1985到1996年游戏结束（可以继续，但是1996年会给你评分）。游戏开局的时候可以选择玩历史事件（基本上就是选择有几个事件来决定你的初始数据）。游戏最关键的几个数据，钱，政治点数，科技点数，忠诚指数，自由指数，中美关系。钱是用来让鬼推磨的。政治点数可以用来实施政治改革以及影响他国。科技点数可以用来加科技，特别是对于喜欢科技取胜的（里面如果不废除和平号空间站的话，可以进行火星登陆）。忠诚指数包括克格勃，将领，知识分子和左翼右翼等等，时常注意好克格勃和将领的忠诚指数，这两个比较要命，太低的话容易被推翻。值得一提的是克格勃，克格勃很多时候都可以用来轻松帮你解决问题，但是比较耗经费，如果不给经费的话需要他们的时候他们就不会出动。自由指数可以用来让你决定往后的政治走向。至于中美关系，美国关系初期比较重要，不过玩的时候可以把美国政府推翻，一旦推翻美国政府，立刻会解锁大量的外交选项，比如统一两岸建立台湾特别行政区，让日本割让北方四岛以及让西欧诸国退出北约等等；中国关系不是很重要，但是到后期会有一些事件可以选择把海参崴还给中国等等等等，中国最大的好处就是有一个大大的市场，一旦开放就是可以拿来赚钱的，如果选择向中国开放市场，可以解决一定程度上的的轻工业不足（后面还可以向天朝出口军火）。游戏里面还需要注意其他苏联加盟国的忠诚指数（太低的话他们会分裂出去）还有极个别的有苏联驻军的国家（亚非拉同胞们）。如果一定想出口革命的话也可以，但是比较困难，比较耗金钱和政治点数，建议先照顾好东欧再说。不过这个游戏翻译比较粗糙，不会讲俄语的可能会比较吃亏，游戏的英语翻译也是比较毛糙。玩这个游戏最好有一些历史常识，稍微了解一些东欧剧变的历史对游戏里面各种事件都会有所帮助。你如果一定问我这个游戏怎么通关，我可以回答一句“无可奉告”，但是你们也不高兴，我怎么办？我就明确的告诉你这一点, ”人的一生当然要靠自我奋斗，当然也要考虑历史的进程。“ 你们啊还要好好学习一个。 曰..曰"
,Recommended,599750,30674672,Posted: 22 March,all,Aarn,"Pros:-You can restore the immortal and dialectical science of Marxism-Leninism and purge the revisionists from the vanguard party.-The music makes you strongly compelled to bash the fash.-%1917 chance that you'll learn something new about the late USSRCons:-None, you are a revisionist trotskyite if you think this game isn't perfect.Seriously though, this game is surprisingly good, if you can get over the rough interface. The only flaws I see are the lacking tutorial (some mechanics are left barely explained), the sometimes ridiculous economics system, and numerous spelling errors.The alt-history starts are actually quite fun. Islamic communist Iran, more moderate WPO countries, Dubcek's reform's passed, and even a continued space race is possible. Also you can create a custom leader for your USSR if you dislike the positions of the candidates from the game start.This game isn't easy. It is nearly impossible to keep on your feet by 1989, let alone 1991, but the sheer satisfaction of restoring Stalin's legacy and defeating the capitalist USA once and for all is great. Oh and don't be fooled, the easy mode isn't easy either.In the end, the game is worth getting, I think. 7/10 from me, but easliy could be 8/10 if the interface was fixed and the tutorial improved."
76561198043017267,Recommended,599750,30914667,Posted: 2 April,all,Comrade Boreale,"You can stamp out the cancer of Khrushchevite revisionism and re-endorse the cult of personality, advance the revolutionary science of Marxism-Leninism all the way to ♥♥♥♥ing Mars while listening to dank Soviet music. You can run over rebels with tanks. You can purge those Pizza Hut loving traitors Yeltsin and GorbachevYou can probably destroy that fake country Israel too and dismantle the US but I haven't got that far because liberal protestors keep on deposing me and my enlightened dialectical rule. I did nothing wrong wtf10/10 the kulaks deserved it."
,Recommended,599750,32798842,Posted: 25 June,all,Miles B Huff,"This game is...  interesting.  It's incredibly difficult.  I mean, absolutely, one of the hardest games I've ever played.  Mind you, I have over 1000 hours in CK2, 900 in EU4, 300 each in Vicky2, HoI4, Stellaris, etc.  I like hard, complicated strategy games and political simulations.  This one takes the cake.  Even on the easiest setting (19Q4), I can't even make it 3 years into the game.  You have to survive 10 years in order to win.  There is very limited documentation on this game, and almost all of it is only available in the form of Steam guides -- so you're kind of flying solo (as if the game wasn't already hard enough).  The game seems to be very historically accurate, though, which is definitely a plus!Especially if you can get it on sale (and even if you can't), this game is absolutely worth the money -- but probably only if you like political simulations (like Democracy 3) and hard/complicated strategy games (like Victoria 2).  You will lose.  A lot.  But you'll still enjoy the game.  ...Probably.  I did, anyway.NOTE:  There's a bug on Linux that prevents you from playing in fullscreen (the menus won't work).  Running the game windowed works around this issue.EDIT:  I just started playing Dwarf Fortress.  This game is harder than Dwarf Fortress.  I'm not even sh!tting you.  DF is more complicated, but this game is harder.  At least for me."
,Recommended,599750,31963344,Posted: 25 May,all,Dr. Strangelove,"SummaryFeels very old-school but offers a great variety of options and routes to take. You can re-enact history and lead to the dissolution of the USSR and the entire Soviet Block, transform it into a more-or-less eastern equivalent of the European Union, or choose a Neo-Stalinist or Neo-Trotskyist way. The choice is yours and the simulation is quite plausible.What works1. Ambience. Graphics, songs, historical pictures, everything here feels Soviet.2. A lot of different routes you can take, hundreds of possible reforms - political, economical, social.3. A simple but fun system of the state budget that includes bribes.4. Again, quite simple but fun diplomacy.5. A lot of tough, political decisions to make.6. It's not that easy but that's what makes it really rewarding.7. The game still receives love from the devs with quite frequent updates.8. It's very stable and I haven't encountered even one bug during my many campaigns.What doesn't work?1. In some aspects it's quite simplistic for my taste. I am more of an excel-game fan.2. That's pretty much it."
76561197991155047,Recommended,599750,30682485,Posted: 23 March,all,Cally,"A very intriguing game. A very complicated game.There is a tutorial, it will explain the basics, but there are so many options you will have no idea what to do. There is no manual, comrade.You will be hit by a crisis and be forced to make a change. You will make a change and everything will 'seem' okay. Then you will need to make another. And another. Pretty soon, your Soviet Union has many crises, and you won't be sure which thing you did was the 'bad' thing that put you down this road, or how to fix it.That said, if you can somehow attain victory, there are many, many options for just what constitutes a 'victory'. You can aim to outmaneuver the United States in foreign affairs, add countries to your sphere of influence and isolate the US until they finally collapse economically without firing a shot. You can democratize and open up your markets and try to build a real peace with the United States founded on economic cooperation and de-militarization. Or you can just run around like a huge bully until you both fire the nukes. And that's just for starters.What I really like about the game is it lets you play out your own politics. The very first choices of the game are if you want to rewrite the history of the Soviet Union. You can make it gentler (allowing reforms instead of enforcing communism with the army), harsher, or historical, with many in-between nuances. You can even alter economic policies and the technological development of the USSR, even before you start playing. It's a bit of freedom I really appreciated.Once the game starts, you'll notice you have access to a whole lot of menus that won't even function until you earn enough points to activate them. If you do, however, then you can really transform the USSR how you want. You can make it re-embrace a 'Stalin-ist' personality cult, transform the USSR into something more akin to the European Union, introduce private markets, or completely reject private markets. It's really fascinating and the developers obviously had some very interesting ideas and weren't afraid to take all of them to their logical extremes and make them gameplay options.As other reviews have said, this game is not easy. Even on the 'easy' mode, it's unlikely you'll reach the 1990s, let alone when the USSR actually collapsed, your first few times through.Still, if you can handle a game like Democracy 3 that is basically just navigating a lot of menus with numbers on them that you're not clear how they correspond to you winning or losing, and you're willing to give it a lot of patience and trial and error, then this might just be the game for you. The interfaces aren't polished, and there are some typoes, but overall I consider this game definitely worth the $5 price tag. If you really miss this complicated style of geo-political simulator that hasn't been seen since games like Balance of Power, give it a try."
76561198033870059,Recommended,599750,33382319,Posted: 8 July,all,LemanPie,Focused on science. Landed on mars in 1987. Figure we had enough smarts to bring about automation by 1991 anyway so I gloated to the world.Three months later the US starts a nuclear war.♥♥♥♥ing Reagan.
,Recommended,599750,34242548,Posted: 14 August,all,✯Radek,"These are the times where I would really like to have a neutral rating for reviews, because I can't fully recommend this game to others given their usual expectations, but I'd also feel bad for giving this game a ""Not recommended"" review, the game does not do enough things wrong for that.Crisis in the Kremlin is essentially a text-based, turn-based Soviet Union Simulator, where the player is given the title ""General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union"", or just ""Leader of the USSR"" for short. You are given many different possibilities to choose a political path, either continuing the confrontation policy against the west, and seek to win the cold war, or reform the USSR to a social democratic state with a market economy. Or you can choose the path of automatization, all up to you. For that you can choose the proper General Secretary in the main menu to play as, as they all have different traits, so that these political paths become appropriately realizable.In order to achieve your goal, you need to make smart choices, invest into specific economic fields to strenghten or save up on said fields, or try growing your soviet alignment block, if you want to dominate over the west. The main document infront of you that progresses you through the game gives you all sorts of events where you have to make choices, and depending on which choice you pick, the situation for your country, or for the world, changes.Besides that you also have to do other miscellaneous jobs such as influencing party factions as well as individual political figures, keep corruption low, choose political doctrines, etc. etc..The idea in itself is great. It lets you get a feeling of soviet politics in the mid-80s and act in them, make choices and try different paths the USSR could go in an alternate history. Combined with a classic soundtrack containing popular red army choir songs as well as other related works of music, this game really goes for nostalgia, no matter if direct or collective. The core concept of the game is clear and really pulls someone into playing the game, which is what a game should do. However, there are flaws which combined make up a massive drawback for all the things this game is good for.What this game lacks massively is feedback. The stats board you can view when clicking on the USSR map is the best source of feedback you get when it comes to staying in touch with what's happening in the game. The English in this game is incredibly broken with lots of grammar and spelling mistakes and lots of poorly constructed sentences, which especially can have an effect on understanding event descriptions, messing with your ability to make choices. I understand that this is because the developers are Russian and don't have an English translator, but the effect is there.The user interface is very uninformative and unresponsive, it's often not fully clear what you just did by pressing a specific button, or if that button even worked, because you can't see IF you pressed a button given that this game is made entirely of flat sprites (possibly intended for a nostalgic effect?). All screens look soulless and unimmersive, and pass by like a cheap powerpoint presentation made by a 5th grader (I stole this one).Executing diplomatic actions while meeting all requirements (which are, by the way, just lazily written at the bottom of the sidebar in one line without any sort of organization, making it hard to read and comprehend combined with the poor English) just tells you ""Success"". And if you respectively don't, it just says ""Something went wrong"", without atleast telling me what requirement I missed so I can seek to change that (exception is missing political points).The game is very unfriendly towards those who just started with the game. All the game offers is a very lacking and barebones tutorial which is actually another powerpoint presentation of what some buttons do and what some numbers mean (also in fairly broken English), but still leaves a lot of basics unexplained, leaving a lot open for interpretation. I swear I was at 10+ hours playtime when I found out what the ""reserve"" requirement in country diplos is, and that was explained to me in the game's steam discussions. At the very beginning, I had to look up a youtube video to find out what investing in some specific economic fields does, and I'm still unsure about a lot of things. Like, what does ""Other social spendings"" or ""Cultural Enrichment"" do, or atleast can do? I am still not sure with 20 hours as of the review's time. The game does not do a good job at preparing you for what's awaiting you, the tutorial is too lackluster to do this job, and that is very demotivating.What the tutorial should also do is what hitting low loyalty with the different factions (US, China, generals, KGB) could cause, so the player is more aware of the possible consequences. I don't remember the tutorial saying anything about this at all, it just hints to that at best.Adding tooltips, which clarify some things a bit further, would alone drastically help this problem and reduce its effects.What the game can also do is give you feedback on the results of your actions. So for example, every specified time, the game tells you ""You are doing A,B and C well. However, something is going wrong at X, Y and Z, consider changing some things there"" so that you don't just keep losing money and pointlessly try to solve this by cutting military spending and influence even though it doesn't help and is not even the problem.And ontop of all this, there also seems to be a heap of bugs from what I heard, but with the unclarity of how most things work, it is hard to tell the difference. Because of the fact that this game is not in Early Access or any sort of beta stage indicated by the developers (?), this is a bit surprising.To make a conclusion, I do not accuse this game of being outright ""bad"" or ""not worth it"", because that's not what it is, hence my positive rating. It is possible to fully grasp this game and play effectively, people have done it and so can you. Once you do that, the game can actually become quite fun. Just remember that it is not easy to get into and start, a lot is up to you."
,Recommended,599750,31188679,Posted: 16 April,all,Maoist-Hoxhaist ☭,"Destroying the Revisonist scum makes me happy, saving Communism makes me happier. 1917/10 would Socialism again"
,Recommended,599750,30770899,Posted: 27 March,all,Vidopoulos,"Is this a great game?No.Is this a good game?No.It doesn't give you enough feedback, the tutorial is like reading a manual from the 90s, the UI is counterintuitive, it looks like a flash game from newgrounds...And I recomend it.The developers know what they can and cannot do, they didn't go for early access, even if the game is more or less early access, ""if it sells we'll work on it more"", they are listening to critisism and they are selling it for only 5, while they could be selling if for 10, like so many others.And it can be better. And I think it's getting better. And ... why not?"
,Recommended,599750,31386851,Posted: 26 April,all,Charles Vane,I'm a Harvard student taking a course discussing the collapse of the USSR yet I still can't beat this ♥♥♥♥ing game. 10/10.
76561198006566211,Recommended,599750,33273552,Posted: 5 July,all,El Jefe,"Crisis in the Kremlin is a very in-depth and realistic simulation of ruling the Soviet Union through a moment of great crisis. You can be as Stalinistic or capitalistic (booh!) as you want.But beware! Keeping the Union alive feels like walking a tightrope. Finding a balance between keeping your citizens, generals and allies happy and keeping political rivals at bay without destroying your economy is the key to glorious victory.The game has very unintuitive UI and bad translations but it somehow adds to the immersion of controlling the Soviet Union in Crisis."
,Recommended,599750,30717012,Posted: 24 March,all,FaultyGaia,"For the many flaws it has, (poor translations, hard to understand mechanics) it has underneath a very well made game. The developers knew how much their game was worth when they priced this, totally worth the $5"
76561198178463514,Recommended,599750,33234924,Posted: 4 July,all,Desk,A delightful game were you can explore full posadism and destroy the united states.
,Recommended,599750,30653928,Posted: 21 March,all,Dyne,"Worthy remake.Pros: Hard multivariative game, interesting events, many options.Cons: Not many of these options are sufficiently explained, unclear economy compared to the original game."
,Recommended,599750,30642856,Posted: 20 March,all,ニンフィア,Its nice saving communism. Great game
,Recommended,599750,31545205,Posted: 4 May,all,no,"I really didn't expect to see such a game on the steam store. Just a few months ago I played the 1991 game of the same name and wondered why nobody made a modern take on it. Well, I have to say this one is definitely superior!The main issue with the 1991 Crisis is that in that game is that you couldn't truly ""win"" it. If you had Russia and Belarus still in the Union by the turn of the century, that was considered a good playtrough. It always felt like you were worse off with each turn that passed.This game, on the other hand, actually allows you to not only preserve, but even expand the USSR, which is a good thing, considering it's the nation you play as. That said, it's also very challenging, even on the lowest difficulty.The negatives of this are that a lot of the times you don't fully know the consequences of your actions. What is the effect of ""Hegemony of the Dollar"", in game mechanics? What about all of the expences listed as ""Other"" in the statistics tab. What ""other""? I wish I could see a more detailed breakdown.Why can't I see which of my policies have an effect on corruption? Also, I challenge you to put these difficulty settings in order:Solzhyetsyn, 19Q4, Hard, Utopia, EasyReady for the answer? From easiest to hardest - 19Q4, Utopia, Easy, Hard, SozhyetsynThat said, there is still a good side to the unpredictability. You are forced to go with your gut, instead of relying on statistics. The game gives you plenty of reforms to implement and allows you to play in many different ways. I would recommend this game to anyone interested in the ganre. Once you get past some of the more confusing game elements and start digging into it - it's actually very deep."
76561198037116261,Recommended,599750,34879218,Posted: 11 September,all,Atavus,"There are plenty of things to complain about in this game from poor English translations to poor mechanics feedback. However, the game has heart. It is an enjoyable experience in an area of gaming largely under-developed.Appearances can also be deceiving. Despite the basic interface and graphics, the game engine is impressive in its complexity and behavior. For those that enjoy geopolitical simulators, this is your thing.To top it all off, the game gives you a surprising degree of freedom. Supposing you are sufficiently capable of managing your society, you can push it either way. You can push the soviet union into fulfilling its communist destiny (with significant investment), you can reform the soviet union as it perhaps should have or you can create a military junta bringing terror and WW3 to the world.Explore and enjoy.The game can be quite cryptic. The game guides are somewhat useful, although the best approach I've seen is to experiment with the engine and approach it from a role-playing angle."
76561198039506974,Not Recommended,599750,31612538,Posted: 7 May,all,ChanSama,"The 1991 Crisis in the Kremlin was one of the best simulation games in its time and I still had some fun time playing it in 2012. This 2017 version, not sure if it's a remake by the same developers, but has a lot of similar mechanisms and of course, you can do much more. I think the concept fits very well in the absence of a decent Iron Curtain game, but the bugs, horrible feedbacks and unrealistic events stop me from recommending it.Developers, I hope you devote much more time to complete this game. I would like to pay $50 to play a completed version rather than $5 to play it at current state.The game is turn-based grand strategy. You play as one of the late Soviet leaders. In each turn you have to allocate the national budget into Science, Industry, Agriculture, Art, Education, Bureaucracy, Imports, Military etc. You can also ""minialistically"" adjust tax rate, oil production, government structure, financial and foreign policy, etc, as long as your council and government type allow it. Pretty standard stuff. Each turn there is an event that you need to make a choice. It can be historical like supporting Iraq or Iran in regional conflict, or intervene with racial segregation in South Africa. Or it can be random event, like a tension between you and the US or you and China. In addition, you can subsidize foreign countries in diplomacy map and grow pro-soviet regimes all over the world.Sounds like a simplified version of Paradox games right? Well, hell no.The lack of feedbacks is the biggest problem. 90% of the time you have no idea what your action's consequence is. You have to fail a game once or twice in order to *guess* the correlations between your actions and the national figures/numbers. In my first gameplay, for example, I gave education and propaganda high budgets b/c I wanted smarter slaves. Only half way thru the playthrough I realized that my education rating was low because I brainwashed people too much. Another example is the medicine technology...when I give about the same amount of budget to medical technology and goods production, I keep getting outdated medical tech. It was until my second playthru I figured there was some correlation between these two sectors, but I still cannot figure out the exact correlation.Sometimes the lack of feedback result in buggy/broken games. For one playthru I cheated for slightly more budget and spent it all on diplomacy, then I kept getting worse and worse Soviet-US relations. There was no way to fix it until I resumed my foreign spending to default level. Really confusing experience.Second biggest problem are the event choices. I like that there are MANY paths you can choose in the game and they are all kind of balanced, but it is ridiculous that most of the event choices are LIMITED by the initial path you chose. For example, you choose the reformist Gorbachev, your faction makes it virtually impossible to resume the Stalin-style regime. You can't choose left wing ministers and you are forced to choose reformist, ""soft"" choices in the events. Each playthrough has a fixed path. You have to cooperate with the West if you are Gorbachev, you have to confront the West if you are old-school commie.I like the alternate-history events but some of them are too unrealistic or unpredictable. Like the intervention in South African racial segregation, if I choose to intervene deeper, I will always turn South Africa into a socialist regime. One-click socialist revoluation, super realistic. Also, sometimes choosing to intervene deeper into a country's turmoil doesn't turn it into pro-soviet, but merely supporting leftist does so. Some historical events are totally wrong. Like the student revolution in China...it resulted in bloodbath in Beijing and IMPRISONMENT of Zhao Ziyang, but in the game it makes Zhao the president and China into a western democracy."
,Recommended,599750,34434546,Posted: 23 August,all,Mouritzeen,"Crisis in the Kremlin is a light simulation of leading the USSR through 1985-1995. The game balances well between handling foreign relations, and the internal political situation as each affects the other, some options with dealing with countries will be blocked off if your Politburo will refuse to go through with it or if your internal policies promote either world revolution or cooperation, you can't start the Korean War up again if you're system is geared towards become buddies with the USA.There are six factions inside of the CPSU,Trotskyist are supporters of total world revolution they alienate the CCP and make it impossible to work with them, and they put the US on edge almost always on DefCon two. You can form a religious cult around yourself if they like you enough and support terror in the USA.Stalinist want to revive the old Stalin system of a strong cult of personality along with generally totalitarian laws. They can support terror in the USA.Conservatives want to continue the policies of Leonid Brezhnev and Nikita Khrushchev of static Soviet society and preservation of Marxist-Leninism.The Moderates want to liberalise the USSR while preserving the Marxist-Leninist system and are support coexistence with the west.Reformers want to abandon the Marxist-Leninist system in favour of a Democratic Socialist system and wish to befriend the west.Liberals want to completely liberalise the USSR to the point of it no longer being Socialist, they push for a market economy and liberalisation of the USSR and reforming it into an EU system, oddly enough the Liberals can be used to form a religious cult around you and support terrorist in the USA.Each of these factions has two generations of major players; politicians will die throughout the game from either stress that you put on them or natural causes each time they die an end turn event will pop up that lets you completely hide their death, discredit them, discredit and dishonour them, or honour their life.Major events happen at the end of your turn after you make any policy changes or changes to the economy. There are two types of events you have the time based one where it always happens on that month every time you play and the requirement based ones where they will only pop up if the requirements are meant. These events change the world stage and can cost you in money, loyalty, reserves, or power.At the end of every turn you will gain a base political power increase ontop of any gains you get from events or losses from events, political power is used to change policy 15 points for everytime you move it from one to another, and it cost to access the ministries for the first time (100 for foreign and finances, 180 for internal governance.) The ability to change laws depends on who writes laws, it's usually the politburo, but it can be moved towards you writing all laws or referendums where it depends on the republics happiness.The primary issue comes from managing the economy, making sure everyone is supplied and that you are trading with other SEV members. Increasing funding in the industry will hurt the ecology and can raise corruption if you don't have the state ready it's self for expanding funding.Some people have had issues with the economy and UI but there are excellent guides on it, and I've never personally had a problem with it."
76561198103497349,Recommended,599750,32230121,Posted: 6 June,all,the_walking_kyle,"-This game is alot of fun for anyone who likes history, strategy, and management. You have a lot of variables you can play with. Your decisions and budgets will have big impacts. There's different alliances, economic, and political strategies you can try. Lots of replay value.-The Soundtrack is pretty good, but limited. The tutorial doesn't explain everything, so some things you will have to learn on your own. However it kinda works better this way. Really motivated me to learn from my mistakes and try new things.-Conclusion: This is one of those ""just one more turn"" games, which ends up being ""oh I didn't realize it's 4:30 am, I should really go to bed."" It's well worth the full price."
,Recommended,599750,30658780,Posted: 21 March,all,DubWine,"Played this for half an hour or so, didn't understand anything that I was doing since I am not familiar with Russian history. Most of my actions were done randomly as I didn't know which options were good and which were bad. However, I am sure that after this failure and my overthrowing, I can return and continue learning how to play as well as learning a bit of Russian history along the way. Ignoring the spelling errors, missing spaces and grammatical errors, the game feels nicely built and intuitive to play.All in all, really liking this game although I'm sure as I start to learn how to actually play it will become more and more enjoyable."
,Recommended,599750,30790208,Posted: 28 March,all,USSR-Ruby,"Great game,Viva la communista!Game - 9.2/10Music/Sound - 10/10(Dozen of Soviet songs!)Performance - 9.4/10Overall - 9.5/10"
76561198082484693,Recommended,599750,30715481,Posted: 24 March,all,Publius Quinctillius Varus,"This one is a rough diamond. Complex strategy game that's fun to play. Unlike most political simulations around, it's also deep. Ideally the game could use an update to make more clear what you're supposed to do. Nonetheless, I warmly recommended to anyone who likes strategy and politics. Amazing value for money too!"
,Recommended,599750,30906793,Posted: 2 April,all,Torment40 [КПСС],"It's incredible really for a game to be so vague in how the mechanics work, so rough in design, so lacking in proper translation (seriously, the translation is a real problem here), and yet, I'd still definitely recommend it to any modern history buff or, of course, any aspiring Red with a taste for revisionism, and what Red doesn't like a bit of Revisionism? I know I do.Graphics: Nothing too much to mention here, they're largely functional, and while many of the event pictures are nice Soviet posters or photographs, beyond that it's very much just a text adventure with a red border. Not a bad thing by any stretch of the imagination, but don't expect a 3D sprite of Yeltsin to go stumbling across the top of the screen in his signature drunken fashion. (Hm, suddenly I feel a real sense of loss)Sound: A real shining point of the game, admittedly not that hard to achieve when you can just stick the Soviet anthem, a few world war 2 classics, and some 70s and 80s Soviet popular music together and it'll work whatever you do. There really is something quite catchy about Soviet music, and there really isn't any experience quite like managing the Perestroika while humming along to Kalinka. The devs chose a good selection of songs that range from bombastic war-time thunder and brass to more upbeat, jovial and optimistic tunes, and they fit the game brilliantly.Gameplay: As the meat of the game, this is where things are really complicated. On the one hand the game offers enormous scope, theoretically allowing you to build a USSR anywhere from a revival of Stalin's cult right up to a full-blown China scenario of reform and moderation. The room between those options is surprisingly vast, and allows a lot of scope for replayability, though it's let down by a simplistic and rather uninteresting international political situation (really, mostly you'll just be clicking 'send aid' until the countries you're targetting are sufficiently bribed to join the COMECON), and of course, the elephant in the room (and probably something you'd guess from the store description of the game), the translation!The translation is...well, it's not good. Not at all. In most places you can get the gist of what's going on, but some events and some policy options are so poorly translated it seriously made me wonder if it was actually English at all and not some variant of Swahili. The game is still playable of course, but buyer beware.Still, even despite those flaws, and some incredibly obscure game mechanics, I can't help but recommend this game. There's few games of this type around and, for all it's flaws, if you can look past them there's a real gem here. On top of that, the devs have so far been very responsive in the discussions, and the initial patches have begun the road to making things a lot better, it just might take some getting there. At the very least, this is no Masters of the World *shudder*Overall: Recommended, but you better bring your reading glasses with your Vodka. Armchair gamers of the world, unite!"
76561198013805677,Recommended,599750,30710374,Posted: 24 March,all,Monty,"The translation needs a lot of work, the interface is byzantine, and a tutorial integrated into the game itself would be nice, but if you like Paradox and other complex simulation games you'll like this. (And anyways, the confusing aspects of the game just add to the sense of overcomplicated Soviet bureaucracy.)"
,Recommended,599750,30682202,Posted: 23 March,all,duderooster,"Save the Soviet Union, and the world! Very fun game, hopefully the developers will continue to work on patches to fix errors, and to improve the UI which currently is very rough."
76561198028894667,Not Recommended,599750,33443270,Posted: 10 July,all,Boots,"If you're like me, you love political simulators where almost anything can happen to anyone. A game where wits and logic are just as important as luck and chance. If this sounds like you, then you probably don't really care about how a game looks graphically, but rather care more about how it plays.While it is easy to tell that the developer cares about his game and there is a lot currently in there, I cannot recommend it due to very poor English that forces you to guess what the dev is trying to say more times than what would be acceptable. This is not simple spelling errors, but grammatically incorrect sentences with several different tenses used and very little sense of structure.When I went into this game, I expected to find a game that may not look the best, but played great. This I can say is true, and the game certainly does have a lot going for it. The graphics themselves, while looking dated, are not a huge issue, however coupled with very little of a tutorial and explanation of how the simulation actually works, you'll likely end up getting confused and frustrated before you actually understand what your actions do or how to actually do things in the first place.A good game with lots of potential but I'd wait until a native speaker can fully translate it."
76561198004167126,Recommended,599750,30651716,Posted: 21 March,all,TheCardGame,"If you played the 1991 game and liked it, you should get this. Worth the price. 8/10"
76561198121728839,Recommended,599750,32735025,Posted: 24 June,all,Communist milkman,"This game has alot of potential and in its current form its buggy but still fun there are many choices for example during the iran iraq war you can stay neutral, support Iraq or Iran diplomatically or invade Iran and install a communist government. I would definitly reccomend this game to fans of the democracy and tropico series"
76561198004010238,Recommended,599750,30827384,Posted: 29 March,all,Xenos,"This game has some charm. It's, to be honest, very unpolished, but it looks like a labour of love and really captures the Soviet atmosphere. Even the broken english is somewhat amusing. The strategy part is deep, but confusing and badly needs some tooltips. To draw a comparison, Democracy 3 is way better from a mechanics and interface point of view, but much more sterile and spreadsheet-like. Here, you really feel like the Soviet Premier. For the price, it's worth having it in one's library, and the devs seem committed to improve it."
,Recommended,599750,31171066,Posted: 15 April,all,Rokossovsky,"Yep, game totally worth your attention, comrade. But it definitely looks 'raw', I guess: UI quite unfriendly and even ugly, as well as the game design at all. 'History' doesn't have enough deepness and variability. Developers really have to put more efforts in the game to make it more complicated and replayable.Despite all this, I found it enjoyable to spend few hours here, trying to unbury the Soviet economics from Perestroyka-grave, which is really hard if you're not familiar with such sort of things. Leaders, decisions and other ""empire's ruler"" stuff are good already, so don't be afraid of spending few bucks on this game - it sure will be better in the future.7,5/10."
,Recommended,599750,30806176,Posted: 28 March,all,Mo-Shing (Proud Democrat),A great remake for one of my favorite DOS games. Th einterface is a bit weird but there is so much more complexity and content that I can't complain.
76561198042208085,Recommended,599750,35095497,Posted: 20 September,all,Based God,"Lots of fun and very detailed. Definately worth buying, especially considering the price."
,Recommended,599750,30761974,Posted: 26 March,all,Vladimir Putin,"In my opinion, I like indie games like this better than big budget hype train games. Because indie games are made for fun and enjoyment, whereas big budgets are mostly for profit. But I really enjoy playing this game. It is fun to expirament with different styles of governing. From running rebels over with tanks, aiding rebels, or just turning a blind eye. To the funny spelling and grammer mistakes that make this game what it is. I give this game 11/10 sputniks."
,Recommended,599750,31573226,Posted: 5 May,all,Sputnik,made america vote for ron paul and then invaded europe shortly after that my economy collapsed and the soviet union fell apart10/10
,Recommended,599750,30692079,Posted: 23 March,all,futurebrain,"This game has the most confusing UI I've ever experienced, and the translations/descriptions are very poor. Please get a fluent russian/english translator, and completely redesign your UI and add descriptions for effects, please!! And a confirmation button (are you sure Y/N?)!!!!"
,Not Recommended,599750,30696222,Posted: 23 March,all,Stalin,"My review is more neutral than it is negative. I want to like this game. I don't hate it, I am hoping for some updates.It is fun and a lot of the ideas were taken from the original, a very interesting game with the same name from 1991(which I loved), and improved upon slightly.However, while the source material lends itself to an extremely interesting premise. It kinda feels wasted. Much of the game feels like nothing more than a slightly interactive story teller. Many of the feature in the game seem to have little purpose in the games mechanics.There needs to be a clearer purpose political decisions and economic growth. I am starving for feedback on what happened. Most of the time you're simply making event choices and slightly adjusting the budget.  Even the original game, despite its flaws gave more feedback.Engaging in international diplomacy is very expensive and doesn't seem to give much of a benefit. Budget crisises are good to have but its sometimes difficult to gage why things are happening and how to make corrections. While I appreciate unintended consequences of decisions, I do want more information of possible consquences of decision and by how much?I feel like there is a gem of a game here. A political sim that can really update and advance the genre but its not there yet.Pros :MusicStory tellingHistorical accuracyThe 80s Soviet themed office environmentCons :UI - The budget does not need to be done over 5 different screens. Country Health also does not need 5 screens. Arguably the 1991 version was better in this regard.Political system - Has as much of a point as hats in Team Fortress 2, this is really a squandered opportunity.Economic System - Its too simple and at the same time too unclear for it to be fun."
76561198070849330,Recommended,599750,30646876,Posted: 20 March,all,Alexios I Komnenos,"Has the makings of being a great strategy game, only issue to me was the UI could be a bit better so the player has a better understanding of their actions. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,599750,30647009,Posted: 20 March,all,kamster99,"This seems like a cool concept for a game. In fact, it seems like that this might be an interesting game based on how many different factors and mechanics there appear to be. Unfortunately, the tutorial for this game is a mess and it detracts from the game itself.For instance, in the tutorial the buttons to advance to the next page vary between the top left, bottom right, and bottom left corners. There really isn't any good reason for this and (because of other arrows that appear on the screen) it makes advancing to the next page unnecessarily confusing.Another issue I have with the tutorial though is that (despite it telling you to ""explore the cabinet"") it doesn't actually let you do anything with any of the things that you use in the game. If you click on the globe or the map for instance you can't actually get an idea yourself of how things work. Instead you get fed a bunch of information in a way where you aren't in the position to use the screens for yourself.Its not even like these pages are conveyed in a way that are easy to read either. In the tutorial there are probably 6-7 pages that look like this.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=888161487Why is this text center-aligned instead of left-aligned? Why aren’t the different factors split up by paragraph? Why are you using letters (a, b, c, etc) to divide them?(also in this case you used “d)” twice)Basically, instead of just getting an info dump I think the game would be better served with a clearer, more interactive tutorial.Also, the game suffers from cases where words get jumbled together incorrectly. Take the screenshot below.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=888153833I wish I could say this was the only case where I saw this in the 20 minutes I've played. Unfortunately, its surprisingly frequent. There are also other basic proofreading issues as well (like incorrect capitalizations, spaces missing between words and commas, etc). In a larger game this wouldn't be as much of an issue, but in this case issues like these stick out.TLDR: There might be a good game here. But the developer needs to take some time to seriously proofread the text in this game."
76561198153466466,Recommended,599750,30662751,Posted: 21 March,all,HanNotSolo,"Its a hard game i have to say, even for a chinese.(maybe all the history i learnt are fake). Now i barely understand that being a leader could be so hard. I tried my best to help people getting a better life, then they all against me. I tried to purge them all, people still against me. Please some1 teach me how to save the glorious USSR!"
76561198110700425,Recommended,599750,31866373,Posted: 20 May,all,Marcell Davis,"Great Game for 5€!Good remake of Crisis in the Kremlin 1991, although there are some bugs, they get fixed eventually, also (at least for now) there are updates every 2 weeks, what is great!Extremly hard for beginners though, after you know what you are doing, its still hard but possible.One thing that lacks in this game is overall visibility and feedback, though there are many bars and stuff in the menus but it would be great if there was an overall report what is going on in your country every month or two"
76561198099261642,Recommended,599750,33917043,Posted: 30 July,all,KASPAROV,"This game is kind of janky but it is functional and playable in its current state.The gameplay is a turn-based series of strategic decisions.  You open a file folder and select one of roughly 4 available options, and this ends the turn.Your role is that of a 1980s Soviet leader, who is trying to spread communism and dismantle western powers.  There are enough historical references to various pacts/treaties, political groups, individuals, specific wars, that I felt a little uninformed when trying to figure out which decision I actually wanted to make.  For the most part you are able to infer the outcomes, but sometimes you will have no idea what you are doing or why.In addition to making decisions, you can also manage your economy to a granular level.  There are various bars and meters that will track your global progress compared to both USA and compared to the actual historical USSR at that time.  There is also a world map where you can influence other countries to convert them towards communist ideology.  Your actions on the world map will be restricted dependent upon outcome of other world events (war in India, the Koreas, etc).  Your home country mood and needs must be properly managed or you will be thrown from power.There is no undo button.  If you click on the wrong decision, too bad.  There are also a lot of typos throughout, but it kind of adds to the game in a weird way.This game is for a specific kind of person who likes limited information, indirect paths to victory, subtlety and sometimes brutality.I was not able to beat the game under normal circumstances, but using a hex editor, I found out that all communist USSR would have needed to survive to present day was an injection of roughly 300 trillion dollars in 1987."
76561198014860914,Recommended,599750,31209557,Posted: 17 April,all,Political Fro,"I personally really like it.  The developers care about this game and us players.  They do regular updates to address bugs and to modify or add new elements of the game.  Definitely worth a look at for those who love strats, sims, management, politics, and/or history."
,Recommended,599750,30735777,Posted: 25 March,all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
76561198087752459,Recommended,599750,30737221,Posted: 25 March,all,Col.Askelot802,"Fun game. Gives you a basic idea about politics and stuff. There are some bugs, (which will be fixed) but they don't interfere with gameplay."
,Recommended,599750,34909534,Posted: 12 September,all,Ansosky,"The concept is really good, but there is a lot of work still to be done:Improving graphics, reworking how the economy works, misfiring events, better translations, bugs etc.Still, for the price its pretty damn fair, but the developer should focus on improving the base game rather than making dlcs on an unifinished base product."
76561198080485472,Recommended,599750,30736278,Posted: 25 March,all,Das_Haifisch,"Pros:-Much better than the old 1992 version-Actually playable-Doesnt feel unnecessarily difficultCons, there are many:-No tooltips, but I hear the devs are addressing this-Cartoonish font needs to be replaced-Corruption can be a bit much-English translation is very crude, hopefully this gets fixed soonOverall, I like the game. It's a great improvement over it's predecessor, and I have confidence in the devs' ability to address the game's problems."
76561198025394635,Recommended,599750,31191139,Posted: 16 April,all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"I have to admit, even despite my high veterancy with political and complex strategy games, Crisis in the Kremlin demonstrated to be a tought guy! You may not like it at first glance but with some time and will to understand the game, you will see that it is a great politics game! One of the top10 actually.You will decide budget, technology trees, politics, international politics and more.I would really like to see a world-wide version of this or, at least, a version where you can still play with Russia to nowadays!"
76561198122782010,Recommended,599750,34649164,Posted: 31 August,all,Partisan,"Comrades, let me start out the gate by saying this: I've found my new favourite developer. As a big fan of Soviet History this game piqued my interest as soon as it came out. I purchased it on the first day it was out and I must say I was very pleased. This game is very difficult if you don't know how to play and you'll have to read some guides and watch some videos first, but once you do it's well worth it. The game simualtes the difficulties of foreign and deomestic policy, the complexity of geopolitical issues, the compromises a leader has to make, and the nuance of finance. If that appeals to you then I reccommend Crisis in the Kremlin. However, I think the best part isn't entirely the game itself, but rather the developer. Kremlin Games has released new and meaningful updates every one to two weeks this game has been out. They listen to both praise and criticism and are very active on the game forums. Especially considering the price, Crisis in the Kremlin is well worth your money and Kremlin Games is well worth keeping an eye on."
76561198071384732,Recommended,599750,34785795,Posted: 6 September,all,Stacks,"A real hidden gem. Cheap, looks like trash, but surprisingly deep and addictive with a fair amount of replay-value. The English is terrible in some places but is absolutely worth playing. Has a great soundtrack and is constantly updated."
,Not Recommended,599750,35184301,Posted: 24 September,all,the_rock0123,"A marmite of a political strategy simulation game. I wanted to like this game a lot, I enjoy deep strategy games a lot, but the execution of the idea was too poor to suffer much longer with this mess. Is running the Soviet Union meant to be such a confusing mess and so wooden? It didn’t draw me in that I am a leader of a huge union, just a huge mess.  While this game gets a high positive rating overall on Steam, I’m afraid I 100% agree with the negative reviews and experience negative reviewers have had.What I didn’t like is the tutorial is very poor, features are not explained very well in game plus the mechanics behind it all are not explained at all.  An instant put off for a game. The decisions you make get little feedback and there is no advice for courses of action (compare to the RPG element of Decisive Campaigns Barbarossa where you get multiple viewpoints from impacted parties). Lack of feedback is a big problem as is understanding why it matters which leader you choose to roleplay. In this respect the game is a bit wooden, nothing seems to matter.The interface itself feels a cluttered mess, especially the map with all those flags showing and symbols over the top of them which is meant to represent various states (are they NATO member, etc.).  The graphics are basic at best and perhaps a bit oversized for what they need – please get the buttons over in the cleanest and simplest way – they don’t need to be “in my face” to make it a great game.  Make it practical.This game is trying to be everything, but falls short on effectively executing most features.  Great idea for a game but I don’t get this implementation one bit. I didn’t realise until today there was a original game by this name and never played it, but the original 1992 game “looks” far better and cleaner and what this game needs.Sadly, this is another warning to me of low priced games on steam. Generally, low priced for a reason because they are not all that good.  My rating is 3/10, for the idea only, I can’t rate the game very highly on much else.  Perhaps there is a lot of research in here somewhere you can learn from, so that merits a small uptick too.Overall : 30%, avoid.  Look for other geopolitical simulators.  If you want to try this, you will definitely know within two hours whether you like this game or need a refund, as I do."
76561198007267849,Recommended,599750,33594680,Posted: 16 July,all,ZombieLenin,"For fans of the original game from the early 1990s, or Marxists like myself, I would highly recommend this title. The developer built Crisis in the Kremlin. Unlike in the original game, there appears to be a thousand ways to stall the collapse of the Soviet Union and even change the balance of power in the world completely.Be forwarnred though, the learning curve is steep. Unfortunately, part of this is due to localization issues. There are a lot of events and decisions that do not make much sense, particularly when there is a lot of information to impart to the player; having said that, for the price, I personally found this an easy obstacle to overcome.This is a team of one person who has built a brilliant game that he offers here on steam for a reasonable price. Given this, and given the fact we are human beings who do not all speak English with complete fluency. You should not expect the game to have been translated by a team of bilingual developers with lots of money."
76561198251390292,Recommended,599750,31280246,Posted: 21 April,all,☭Leon Trotsky☭,You can play as Trotsky 10/10
76561198018184599,Recommended,599750,30682632,Posted: 23 March,all,nathanmorrison1992,Played a game somehow made it to 2007 before being overthrown by those damned capitalists.
,Recommended,599750,31043194,Posted: 9 April,all,"Jakeman, Noble Citizen of London",FULLY
76561197995231562,Not Recommended,599750,30682762,Posted: 23 March,all,Lanceo90,"The idea sounded fun, but the interface is just really bad.  The UI is really confusing and unattractive.It runs you through huge screens of text when it would be nicer to have something like tooltips to explain things.This wouldn't be so bad, if the English wasn't as broken.  I understand it's a Russian team, but it wouldn't be too hard to find an English speaker who likes the game and have them check the grammar.It also seems to lean on knowing who a lot of communist leaders were and what they were about.  I recognise a few like Gorbechev of course, but there's a lot I didn't know.  Like one of my history events went through 10 different names in one paragraph and my head exploded.This is a fun concept, but I really needs refining."
,Recommended,599750,30665865,Posted: 22 March,all,Eternity,"I played this games several times. I failed each single every time even under 1Q84. COULD ANYONE TELL ME HOW TO WIN. I can only make it to 1989 from 1985......For the 8 times of failure, I give it a thumbs down. However, it is a good game......I can never control corruption. The profit shrinks every time.  I have no political points for the foregin policies. And the reform I made never gives me positive feedback. I even make freemarket at 1985 once. But it end up in collapse.Update:Finally, This time I make it to 1993. India and other countries get into the Comon. And I forget that I could sell the Island to Japan. If I did that, I won't end up in empty budget lol. Overall, I change it to thumbs up."
,Recommended,599750,30661597,Posted: 21 March,all,Andrew the Jew,"After 5 hours I still have no idea whats going onI have 300+ hours in paradox games so I am not new to these types of gamespros:+great concept+I think its pretty historically accurate+great music+you can choose your own path: Do you think democracy and the free market are salvation? Or maybe Democratic Socialism? Maybe Christian Conservatism? Utopian Communism? Or, perhaps dictatorships and deification are the way to go! All possibilites are open!+you can interfere with other countries+constant free updates+you can have a mars mission!cons:-poor english translation, i think the devs speak russian-confusing statistics and it doesnt explain what it means-poor tutorial-this game is focused on diplomacy and internal politics and not millitary or espianoge, you can only undirectly lead your army, for example you can invade iran but you cant really micromanage and look at certain battles like you can in Hearts of iron IV or Europa-it doesnt really say what is going on or what agenda each political party in russia has so if you dont know russian history your going to be very confused-you can only play as the USSR"
76561198255169183,Recommended,599750,33709082,Posted: 21 July,all,Jason64bit,"Crisis of faith and Crisis in the Kremlin, and yea we'd heard all of that before, it's wintertime, the house is solitude with options, and loosening the grip on a fake cold war. Great game, great song."
76561198231034200,Recommended,599750,35117687,Posted: 21 September,all,Jlrpresa,"Crisis in the Kremlin is a simulation game of the USSR in it's last years. It takes you through the years of Glasnost and Perestroika letting you decide which political, economic , and diplomatic course you want the country to take. You are presented with situations at the end of each turn and you're allowed to choose between four different options on how to deal with them (some depend on you having military score, political , or KGB power). You can also influence other nations in the world map by supporting revolutionaries, providing military and civil aid and subsidizing governments.The final objective of the game is to survive the reformation times and reach 1996, or transform the whole world into communist nations."
,Recommended,599750,34317902,Posted: 17 August,all,bee,don't even try playing until u've read one or two guides/seen one or two videos. this game is extremely detailed and explains about 20% of itself. translations are not great so if u don't know any languages besides english then u might not understand lol. other than that it's a great game that i may never beat even on the easy difficulty 10/10 would fail the global revolution again and again
,Recommended,599750,35081424,Posted: 20 September,all,dark_fallacy,"In Soviet Russia, game plays YOU!!!"
76561198124144121,Recommended,599750,34370541,Posted: 20 August,all,Sindri-Myr,This game has an in-game calculator; sold
76561197967546217,Recommended,599750,33415313,Posted: 9 July,all,Tobas,I like this game :)
76561198002731576,Not Recommended,599750,31427544,Posted: 28 April,all,Menacing Mango,I guess my main problem with this game is the lack of feedback. It's hard to know the results of your actions. Many characters in the game have traits but their impact on the game is never stated.Events and tutorial text apear in blobs of bad english without basic text formating.
76561198057209917,Not Recommended,599750,30660259,Posted: 21 March,all,The Great Wolfy,"Its an interesting game, and the potential for alternate historical playing is really interesting, but its hard to understand what happens, or what choices mean. For now i cant support it until it explains what things do"
,Recommended,599750,33200121,Posted: 3 July,all,Ｐｏｐｃｈｅ☭,"waiting for the prequel, crisis in the gulag10/10"
76561198078636127,Recommended,599750,33509220,Posted: 13 July,all,Hungerkuenstler,"This version is incredible hard, even impossible to stable the economy.and if i got it right , the loylty of ussr members will significantly decrease during the poper time, wtf??? when i got auto/fake  federation and full the propaganda and surplus in budget and the map all over the world is getting red and then..... guess what? the loylty of all joint republics soon shrinking......after 1988 or at 1991, wtf.....but above all, a good game, dramatic simulation with tons of russian history words(o god.....)plz give us chinese one day , many english abbreviation of sth in soviet time makes me crazy lol.....maybe in chinese version i can understand most of it. well, in fact many player in this game are chinese(maybe by pirate version mostly) and most of them knows a lot about this history but all in chinese books and they are .....somehow.....very interested in the history and political/eco situation of ussr, that means without the barrier of language, this game can be more popular in china"
76561198116234917,Recommended,599750,31000789,Posted: 7 April,all,pc89,"Despite some of the game's flaws, I would say that Crisis in the Kremlin is worth purchasing, if you enjoy Cold War/Soviet History, or if you're into complex strategy games. I loved the original DOS version of the game, and had always hoped for a remake which expanded the possibilites for the Soviet Union. While there is more work to be done, this game accomplishes that.I'll start with what parts of the game need work;1. Poor translation. As others have said, it's not game breaking and usually can get the gist of what's trying to be said, but it makes the game seem unpolished.2. Some features need to be rebalanced. Corruption is a huge drain on the economy as the game moves towards the late 1980s and early 90s, and I'm glad this aspect is included, since that is realistic. However, once corruption reaches a certain point, there is no way to reduce it, and your budget will freefall while the country collapses.3. There are few explanations of how decisions, scientific research, budget spending, etc. impact the game's modifiers. Additionally, some of the definitions for ideologies and policies need to be clarified.Here are my thoughts on what makes this game worth buying;1. The game has expanded many features of the original. You control Soviet foreign policy, and have influence over your ministers and the Politburo, as well as scientific research, which the original game lacked. I think these features could be fleshed out more, but they still provide an interesting aspect to manage in the game.2. Crisis in the Kremlin is a challenge. Maintaining the Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc is difficult, but not in impossible like the DOS game. Even on the easier difficulties, it's not a matter of throwing money towards the military or the economy and seeing positive results (in fact spending too much money in an area will increase corruption and reduce your overall budget).3. There are many more crisis decisions than in the previous Crisis in the Kremlin. The remake follows the structure of the DOS game, where the game is progressed by responding to a ""crisis"" at the end of each turn. The original game had few decisions, and there were some where it seemed no matter which option you chose, you would get the same result over and over again. Not with the remake though, the crisises are much more varied. Hopefully the developers will continue to add in more decisions as they update the game.4. Lastly, the developers seem to be committted to improving the game. They have promised updates every week, and are respond to player's feedback and suggestions. I hope they will keep this up!"
76561198056805938,Recommended,599750,30776781,Posted: 27 March,all,Perles75,"This game expands and improves the old game with the same title and, incidentally, is one of the really pure political games that exist. One of its strong point is that it doesn't try to be generic (à la Democracy), but it is tied to a very specific situation (URSS/Russia, and specifically its crisis) which makes it a richer experience.The frustrating part is that the game could be improved significantly with few easy and very evident stepsand these steps haven't been done up to now. I hope the creators will consider the following (even more than the promising expansions of the game).- the consequences of the various buttons are not immediately evident, so in many occasions it feels like going in total darkness. Some description could be welcome. Even few words can be enough. Every button should have a description in three parts. First, a short summary of the meaning (especially as several things are very Russian-specific and not well known to the Western audience!). Second, the requirements. Third, the possible consequences. In this moment only the requirements exist, which is a pity.Even if not all events or options can have automatic consequences, at least some qualitative indications could be welcome.- the options that are not available because the requirements are not fulfilled should be greyed out (this is especially annoying in the world map, where there are many countries which are empty or with options that cannot be clicked at a certain moment, but this is not clear and one has to click all the time to the various nations to check).- it shouldn't be too difficult to ask someone to clean the English up, because sometimes it's really difficult to understand the meaning!"
76561198023461952,Recommended,599750,30729276,Posted: 25 March,all,Gnarlio,Finally you can reform the Soviet Union as envisioned by Trotsky with an somehow still alive 100 years old Trotsky in the 80s!10/world revolution
,Recommended,599750,30754205,Posted: 26 March,all,Spooky Scary Vladimir Lenin,"Excellent in depth game, needs a bit of polishing as some of the translation makes no sense, some UI updates and this game is good to go."
76561198377471952,Recommended,599750,31384340,Posted: 26 April,all,marnen34,A great game for the price
76561198366275777,Recommended,599750,35228023,Posted: 26 September,all,ramsesmanzo03,great game
76561198068066917,Recommended,599750,31635385,Posted: 8 May,all,☆CmrD MaJkA☆,It's hard to start but I like it :)
,Recommended,599750,33732714,Posted: 22 July,all,dirty sprite,gulaging kulaks has never been more fun
,Recommended,599750,30717390,Posted: 24 March,all,Luu,"Made an expose video on the U.S. wanting to invade Latin American countries, presented it to U.N.U.S. gets hyper-furious about it.Already trying to deal with upset satellite states, with constant protests & revolutions occuring.Not to mention growing disloyalty in the Republic's of my U.S.S.R.Annnd, intellectuals kept denouncing me due to cuts I made to arts funding to save my reserves (was nearly able to be set back to its original fundings).Couldn't stop my party from wanting to nuke the U.S.Game over.... At least it wasn't like my last game where it was essentially just,KGB: ""We don't like your policy.""Me: ""Well ♥♥♥♥ you. *strips all funding to KGB*""Practically a civil war between the KGB loyal citizens ensue, which destroys my country."
76561198085353731,Recommended,599750,30696347,Posted: 23 March,all,Lord_Erob,"Awesome, a really fun game."
76561198122760623,Recommended,599750,33413748,Posted: 9 July,all,Feldmeijer,"In Soviet Russia, reviews write you."
76561198055287127,Recommended,599750,30966892,Posted: 5 April,all,haha yes,i rate it 7/5 best game ever
,Recommended,599750,34670414,Posted: 1 September,all,Kardinal Fritz,"Comrade, why aren´t you already playing?"
76561198181677825,Recommended,599750,33711812,Posted: 21 July,all,76561198181677825,I forgot how fun communism was. The Soviet Union is almost better than my nazis almost putin is a legend I will suck his сock tonight
76561198002663468,Recommended,599750,30737201,Posted: 25 March,all,toastmodernist,"This is a game that is good. It is also updated with meangingful content, balancing and fixes on an absurdly regular basis. This means it is not only a good game but a game that is constantly becoming more good over time."
76561198199776569,Recommended,599750,34581423,Posted: 29 August,all,Exupery,"The interface is the gaming equivalent of using a broomhandle because you've lost your remote, the English is one step above google translate, the Soviet music soundtrack forgoes such cliches as ''katyusha'' or ''v put'' and plays obscure and unknown pieces.In short, this could hvae been made in the actual soviet union, and therefore I recommend it."
76561198058009115,Not Recommended,599750,31363399,Posted: 25 April,all,greenmaus1,I love the idea. But this game is completely unpredictable and counterintuitive. There is no chance to guess what a particular technology does (in terms of game) or what is difference between two choices in game events. You have no clue what and when went wrong. Poor tuturial doesn't help either.
,Recommended,599750,33421797,Posted: 9 July,all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,QUIZ: Find A Western Spy Among Slavshttps://www.slavorum.org/quiz-find-a-western-spy-among-slavs/
76561198120367908,Recommended,599750,35003073,Posted: 16 September,all,JFeeley88,good cold war game
,Not Recommended,599750,33445783,Posted: 10 July,all,aseth,"I wanted to like it, but the interface was just too unwieldy, and that's from someone that plays Dwarf Fortress."
,Recommended,599750,33983320,Posted: 2 August,all,toaztee,amazing
76561198055502631,Not Recommended,599750,30644245,Posted: 20 March,all,Jakexbox10,"I play many paradox games but felt the game was too confusing but at the same time basic. The UI may be to blame but the game should be explained more. The mechcanics of the game are a bit of a puzzle and that is a shame considering that the turortial was broken for me, although it may have just been buggy and will work on relaunch. Whatever the case, get the demo that is supposedly on the devloper's website before buying. There are some minor localization issues, as well.  Maybe I'm just missing something but it did not give me that feeling I have come to expect from political based games. I was not expecting this to be amazing but at least a way more polished version of the game US and Them. This game missed the mark, even if all the free DLC's planned get released."
76561198068348433,Recommended,599750,33381233,Posted: 8 July,all,jsharpe3,DA
76561198365345380,Recommended,599750,35012473,Posted: 16 September,all,我的内心全是波动,游戏很好玩但是we need chinese
76561198008562505,Not Recommended,599750,35192248,Posted: 24 September,all,endov8,"This game has potential, but a clunky UI, repetitive events, no real tutorial and poor english translations mean you should only try it if you desperately want a Soviet Union simulator."
76561198119460427,Recommended,599750,30719850,Posted: 24 March,all,Cody Calafiore,amazing
10987321679854367,Not Recommended,599750,33331948,Posted: 6 July,all,Thedillon25100,Confusing and uninteresting clicky game mutiple errors. Just plain boring.Not even worth 5$
76561197983778541,Not Recommended,599750,33840708,Posted: 27 July,all,Rongor,"This game is probably great, just look at all the other reviews.I guess the developer managed to construct some kind of USSR simulator, putting the player at helm. All is set within historic figures and artwork.Unfortunately the game lacks the accessibility needed to conveniently dive into the situation. All game visuals appear like powerpoint presentations, designed by a kid. That alone isn't necessarily bad, as probably the 80s were pretty limited in the way of creating presentation content. The problem is, that it is hard to tell, what of all these graphics is actually awaiting adjustment by the player and which parts are only meant for keeping you informed. All this is also cluttered with graphics, which also may at the same time provide clickspots for some function - or not.Some of the diagrams and also maps look pretty bad, missing any love for graphical finesse.The game may even be simple. Unfortunately it overwhelms you by looking complex, due to the horrible UI design. I don't rule out the possibility that this was done on purpose, for reasons of art (?)There is no manual, so you enter the game not having a clue what to do. So I instantly steered to the part named ""tutorial"" which - unfortunately - wasn't at all a tutorial. Instead it was another powerpoint slideshow of the same quality, this time presenting a dozen walls of text, explaining numerous stuff. I gave up on it at that point.I simply didn't feel capable to memorize all these loads of texts, only to apply them later when recalling their need after discovering some of the features in those other text heavy slides.One could probably excuse most of this with the cheap price. Also I totally deem it possible that former members of the USSR government or KGB agents may find their way into this game right from the start. Unfortunately, it couldn't invite me to dig into it, and that is why it doesn't matter the price and I refunded it."
76561198089272425,Not Recommended,599750,34067928,Posted: 6 August,all,DestructiveVanguard,"Dear God, put a legitimate tutorial in this game. The fact that I have to look up how to get past the first turn is ridiculous."
,Recommended,599750,33008822,Posted: 29 June,all,GameGabster,"A lot of fun and a lot of potential.History, politics and maps? Right up my alley."
76561198250977992,Not Recommended,599750,32135576,Posted: 2 June,all,museshowbiz.97,I would reccommend when the game has been improvedPros of this game:Interesting for fans of historyA fair few historic events mentionedYour choices do make some fair impactCant complain about the price hahaYou can setup how well you will do before the game startsSome awesome soviet chooonsCons:The game is riddled with spelling and grammatical errorsThe spelling etc makes it hard to work out whats going on a lot of the timeIt takes a while to learn how to play the game properly becuase of the bad iconsOh did I mention the spelling mistakes
,Recommended,599750,30648565,Posted: 21 March,all,Woo Young E,This is Soviet Music Games.
,Not Recommended,599750,35015054,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,"This game really tries to do well, but it just falls short in every category. 3/10"
76561197984116734,Recommended,599750,31929855,Posted: 23 May,all,Joe1013,♥♥♥♥ing entertaining.
,Recommended,599750,30767949,Posted: 27 March,all,Strits,You can made Trump as US president
,Not Recommended,599750,35328545,Posted: 30 September,all,catherineclipse,"It's pretty boring. As soon as you start the game, there's no tutorial or introduction to how the game works. I just get the feeling you are expected to understand the politics around the Soviet Union, which I suppose your expected to because why else are you playing a game about the Soviet Union. You figure out how the game works out on your own. I just find the whole thing confusing as hell.BUT on the positive side, I will say the music is good and the Russian aesthetic of the design of the game is very pleasing."
76561198118556165,Not Recommended,599750,30643805,Posted: 20 March,all,Austin,"Needs some serious work.  Can't recommend this game in its current form.  Spelling problems and the useless UI are big issues.  The gameplay is sort of... confusing.  You don't really know if you even did anything sometimes.  It would be nice if the game told you what your actions have accomplished, or effected.  Also you can't seem to turn the music off without just turning all the volume down to 0.I will try to play this game at a future date.  I liked the original, and a remake was in order for sure.  But as of now it's just not worth it.  But please keep it updated.  I want to like this game!"
76561198005742575,Not Recommended,599750,33337556,Posted: 7 July,all,asm987,"The game tried to be historically accurate whilest not making it too complicated.But I see many typos. The UI also need to be polished further more. Management system should be more in depth. These are the reasons why i'm not recommending the game now. If these are fixed, I'll definitely change my review.It is a great history 'stuff' but not a great game.Fellow socialists, comrades, just wait a bit more for the game to be polished. Don't be lured by capitalist pigs and buy it now."
,Recommended,599750,30672978,Posted: 22 March,all,Žhbel,"Perestroika, Gorbachev, Glasnost, Lenin here! Make Russia Soviet again!"
76561198033209577,Recommended,599750,33778631,Posted: 24 July,all,JERRY MÜLL,10/10!!!!!!!!!!! BERNY SANDER ROLE PLAY
,Not Recommended,599750,33433677,Posted: 10 July,all,Popper,"While I like the setting, genre and general setup of the the game it kills itself by being so extremely unintuitive. all decisions being opaque to the player, it's like playing a choose your own adventure book, only you can't turn back the pages to figure out your current status before making a new decision.It's like a hipster video game, so self absorbed by its 90's predecessor roots and truthfull reimaging that it forgets to actually be a good game.5/10"
,Not Recommended,599750,32657690,Posted: 22 June,all,mvm900,"I really want to enjoy the game but it broke during the tutorial and the lack of a lot of feedback, alongside spelling errors, ruins it for me. It looks really cheap when I know Unity is capable of so much more when it comes to UI and aesthetic. I guess wait for it to get better."
,Not Recommended,599750,30697133,Posted: 23 March,all,Fear Is The Mind Boner,"Tried it, too many egregious typos and buttons that don't work/events that don't fire.  A clear rip off of the 1990s DOS game Crisis in the Kremlin, with none of the plusses."
76561197964108846,Not Recommended,599750,33353813,Posted: 7 July,all,FannyBandit,I want to love it I really do because of the concept but almost 2 hours and I cant figure out anything and I usually make SOME progress even on indie games.  Not sure if im going to sit on the game and see if they improve the tutorial or go for a refund...  Again interesting concept nearly impossible to figure out.
76561198271770988,Not Recommended,599750,30709770,Posted: 24 March,all,h4iry,"my computer meets all the specs required to run the game, doesnt matter the game wont start."
76561197970143059,Not Recommended,599750,33388708,Posted: 8 July,all,Comrade_Zer0,"Can't recommend such an inaccessible game. I found it easier to just grab a copy of DOSbox and play the original there, rather than deal this version."
,Recommended,599750,30655397,Posted: 21 March,all,Mrcheekymonkey1996,Addictive! challenging.  Long live the Soviet Union!USSR!!
76561198126330208,Not Recommended,599750,32346804,Posted: 11 June,all,Actinguy2,"This might be a good game but I have no way of knowing - everything is in broken English (including the tutorial).  The tutorial doesn't actually explain any of the game.  And the game assumes you're already an expert on who all of the minor players and issues were with the Kremlin back in the 1980's, when the average gamer was BORN.Normally if I was this disappointed in a game, I would just return it rather than leave a review.  Unfortunately, this game is so bad that I literally fell asleep playing it, which put me way over the 2 hour ""time limit"" for a refund.Unless you're a complete expert in Soviet History AND prepared to just guess at what every button does as none of it is explained, stay away."
76561198090372817,Not Recommended,599750,33346682,Posted: 7 July,all,onedreamaday,"Having played this. it's a little on the 'meh' side. It's a little on the cheap side, and it feels like it. The font could be spaced apart more, and a bit bigger so your eyes aren't being strained to read things, there's no help of no real kind, other than a map to tell how your policies are. Spelling errors pop up a few times. On top of that, you can't put the gsme on higher settings because the game will crash (I've tried this twice and it's crashed twice.)Really, I can't say I can recommend this, because I can't."
,Recommended,599750,30657075,Posted: 21 March,all,Newfie_Thunder hellcase.com,fun game
76561198138665484,Not Recommended,599750,30712881,Posted: 24 March,all,danilan,"The game has a cumbersome interface and low quality graphics. It might be ironically good at what it set to do as its 80's graphics and boring gameplay really remind you of what it is like to manage the soviet union.Also, there are way too many options with no explanation what so ever as to their effects. I want to change to market economics? does it change anything? who knows"
76561198002457728,Not Recommended,599750,33350367,Posted: 7 July,all,chrisriches36,"Looks like an interesting game but I don't have a clue what to do, even after reading the tutorial. I don't even know how to advance the time!"
76561198014225008,Not Recommended,599750,32377157,Posted: 12 June,all,ngreenaway,"too confusing to get into. seems amateurish and unfinished, but i suppose it might be good...but there was no compelling gameplay to get me to want to move past the initial confusion"
76561198275383053,Not Recommended,599750,30883373,Posted: 1 April,all,Yogistein,"Kinda confusing, at least for me. Interesting idea, just not my kind of thing"
76561198119692877,Not Recommended,599750,33608769,Posted: 17 July,all,ttggreen,.....
76561198142915167,Not Recommended,599750,30642027,Posted: 20 March,all,Activated Almonds,feels a lot like a browser based game
76561198009276866,Not Recommended,599750,30780336,Posted: 27 March,all,Connorblaze,Worst game ever. DO NOT BUY!..........
,Not Recommended,599750,30652504,Posted: 21 March,all,[WoN][57.Alay] Ibrahim Pasha,"Bought for fun, but this game sucks.Refund button works well."
,Recommended,599750,32390644,Posted: 13 June,all,Stimub,Command the iron fist of the Soviet Union and win the day in 1991.                                                checkRemove the enemy of the people from power and his family from a warm place in this country.    checkSupport world wide revolution and hang these who oppose the glorious Union.                              checkNuke American and whomever the superium leader feels like.                                                           checkGreat music and art design.                                                                                                                  checkThis is fun guyz.
,Recommended,599750,32349134,Posted: 11 June,all,Rhodesians Never Die,"Never have I played a game that makes me angry for coups and collaspes, specifically in Soviet Russia.Its a neat game, I like it, but I myself can only ever fail, but I'm new to this glorious game.☭ ☭ ☭ The motherland is strong ☭ ☭ ☭Buy this if you enjoy a unique angry inducing game."
,Recommended,599750,33633165,Posted: 18 July,all,David_shsbnu,"Added endless rubles & scientific points through Cheat Engine,Then:Subsidized African & South American proletarian brothers,Restored the revolutionary friendship with China,Kicked American's♥♥♥♥♥by advanced space technology, turning US into an authoritarian isolationist nationDissolved NATOConverted France into socialismSent troops and eliminated all the capitalist dogs who dare to disobey..........And all in a sudden I found myself unexpectedly removed by traitors in politburo..........????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????"
76561197974947850,Recommended,599750,30805975,Posted: 28 March,all,Mewzle,"I wrote a negative review of this game about two months ago. I am now changing it to a positive, as the game has improved massively since then and only continues to get expanded upon. Much praise should be afforded to the devs for their dedication to this game.The only major game-breaking bug (and I'm unclear as to whether it's a bug or something I haven't figured out how to solve) is the rampant corruption that eventually occurs in both the USSR AND USA if you manage to hold the Union together and complete OGAS (a technology which automates by computer algorithms the state-planned economy) and expand the government's budget. I suppose this is potentially intentional and realistic, but I've tried pretty much everything and can't seem to solve it.Anyway, the game no longer suffers from nearly as many translation issues, the highly confusing GUI that it once had, and especially the lack of information. The tutorial stll isn't great, but it has also been improved upon, as have most areas which now explain what they do rather than have you shooting in the dark.On the whole I give it a solid 7.5/10 today, with still room for improvement but definitely now a recommendation to buy, since it's cheap and fun."
76561198311827580,Recommended,599750,35370952,Posted: 1 October,all,1750079813,"It's a nice game that make me submerge so long!But actually it's hard to someone,as you need to learn Russian history from Stalin .I am glad to recommend this game!"
