user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198038075046,Not Recommended,600280,33979501,Posted: 2 August,all,Billy Bob Joe Bob,"Yesterday, Battlegoat released a game for its cult classic series in the supreme ruler dynasty aimed at World War One. While I have played all of their games and come to like them for what they are, I was disappointed, shocked, and angered that this lack luster game was pushed out as a standalone game for $20. There is little to no difference between games besides the obvious new campaign and new tech. There are no new graphics, no new skins, and no new AI. I knew from the beginning that playing against AI was like punching vegetables, even on the hardest of difficulties, but this is outrageous. I was able to walk into Russia in the middle of winter, walk into Britain and France with little to no difficulty, and destroy my allies with no recourse or consequence. This happened on the hardest difficulty in campaign! Speaking of, certain objectives are flat out broken as I assigned 20 divisions to Metz and Breslau to defend the border and nothing happened the entire game. It asked for 7 units. The wait time for them to get anywhere is amazing as the engine runs about as fast as my grandmother on her walker. You see a cloud and you might as well cook dinner because nothing is going to happen for ten minutes at best. That is if you can call the white blob of pixels a cloud. I knew the graphics weren't up to par with triple A games or otherwise, but to offer NO advancement in any way is a disservice to the fanbase in my opinion. This is a lazy, sloppy, cut and paste game that should be DLC for ultimate IF that and I am disappointed and let down that I expected so much out of battle goat for spending as much of my money with this company as I have to date."
76561198043356962,Recommended,600280,34001307,Posted: 3 August,all,ZEvans96,"First of all, this game uses the same engine as Supreme Ruler Ultimate. That being said, this game feels VERY different.I'll start with AI. The AI as far as it uses it's military isn't that different, however combat is very different. It's slower and makes you uses tactics a bit more so that your entire army doesn't get wiped. As far as industry and how it handles the economy, this is where I am really impressed. In all other Supreme Ruler titles the AI builds industry VERY far and few between. However the AI in this game I have noticed REALLY builds up it's industry. I'm not sure if it's because there is less to begin with and it has more incentive or not. It also will build a lot more military fabrications, which will out produce you if you're not careful.In this game there are trenches, and you mostly use infantry. But the most important unit in this game now is Artillery. If you're not careful and you move your infantry too far, they could he WIPED OUT by enemy artillery fire. This is especially true in multiplayer, which has BY FAR been way better. It feels so much more realistic in multiplayer because both sides fortify and while you can move forward, if not done right, can be COSTLY. Which makes each side afraid to try and move forward, but with the right tactics you CAN push. But pushes in multiplayer are slow, like the real war. In a MP game right now the war is moving pretty historically with the push in to france, Austria and Germany have pushed the French and english back pretty far from Aslace Lorraine.This game starts with a lot less tech, industry, infrastructure (obviously) and it's just so awesome. I love the feeling of being able to take a country like the Ottomon Empire, which has almost not infrastructure or industry and BIT BY BIT build it up in to the military and industrial might it should be.Also navy, if you lose a battleship or dreadnought, that can set your navy back YEARS! The naval war between the British and the Germans is DEVASTATING. It can take 500 days for a battleship to be built, and with the low lvl of naval fabs, that can be a terrible loss.So, in the end, the war is slower, the world less developed, and quite more difficult. The economy isn't going to allow you to build 30 indistrial buildings on day 1 and have you still with money. You will not have the goods to build that much or the money. The industrial and military goods on the world market will be SCARCE, making them EXTREMELY valuable. So if you want a more interesting Supreme Ruler game overall, this is for you. ALSO THIS HAS ALL THE TECH FROM THE OTHER GAMES, MEANING YOU CAN PLAY ALL THE WAY IN TO THE FUTURE WHERE YOU HAVE MECHS!!!"
76561197971692751,Recommended,600280,33959037,Posted: 1 August,all,Delle(DK),"Almost the same game as ""supreme ruler ultimate""The Difference+ New campaign starting in 1914+ ww1 units+ Gameplay and everything els is the same as in supreme ruler ultimate.+ you can build trenchlines. ( defence ).- I did not see the old feature in the sandbox game where I can enable/disable election results.. ( i like this feature allot ).- 17 euro for an expansion that add a few ww1 tech and units, well that is a high price.. Ofcourse im aware steam take some of the dev's money but dont think its worth it, if you already own supreme ruler ultimate then i see no reason to buy the new game except if you really like ww1 units.ps. I only played for 30-40 minutes but game is the same as Ultimate just with a more early start and a few new units."
,Recommended,600280,33994078,Posted: 3 August,all,Konrad,"So I've played a couple of games as Germany and I've made some impressions I'd like to share. This review is better suited for those already familiar with the game series.First and foremost, I notice that trenches are finally in the game. Sadly though, when I build a line of trenches the unit AI doesn't seem to prioritise defending them. I'm left with micromanaging most of my forces I want left defending an area using a manual entrenchment order. The AI still does not use the entrenchment command, which I find rather lacking.Also, when building trenches I'm left to guessing how effective they really are, as there is no stats displayed anywhere I can find on the unit card when building them. My main issue however is that the AI does not, to my knowledge, build trenches itself. This leaves me to manually build trenches and manually entrench my forces in them. Most wars fought are still Blitzkriegs and territory changes hands at a tremendous rate, even in AI vs AI wars. Thus I find the whole ""trench warfare"", defining WW1, rather lacking in game.I`m also very disappointed that the naval AI is still as dumb as a bucket of nails. To my dismay I found a great many of my land forces lost to the UK navy because they want to use the shortest route when transporting by sea, which is of course through the English channel. Unit after unit is sent to their death completely oblivious to the obvious danger. This is nothing new for those with experience with earlier titles, yet it baffles me that this has still not been addressed. One obvious solution is to turn off military initiative, however considering the scope of the game this is hardly a real alternative. I strongly suggest BG looks into this issue as it adversely affects gameplay. My solution would be the possibility to forbid transit by use of battlezones. Right click an area and forbid transit through the selected battlezone. The AI should also learn to utilise such a command. Frankly, I think battlezones are very under utilised by the AI. Much could be solved if it would learn to use them properly, both at land and sea.Finally, I'd like to address the AIs use, or lack thereof, of my air force. I often find that I have to micro manage using my air assets. Bombing runs are still very rare and I have not noticed the AI using strategic bombers to bomb facilities, in any SR title thus far.I'd like to suggest that air units should be stationed along the border of hostile nations by the AI. Adding a separate choice for air units for theatre and battlezone commands could help in this regard (if the AI were to use battlezones). Most of the units produced are stationed where they are built, which leaves massive clusters of air units left unused by the AI.On a more positive note, the game seems much much faster! This is an improvement many have requested, myself included. Big kudos to the team for focusing on this during development.If you're familiar with the series, I'm sure you will enjoy playing this game. The improvements listed above would make the game much better in my opinion, though in its current state it is still very playable. Thus I gave the game a thumbs up."
76561198084950535,Recommended,600280,34008569,Posted: 3 August,all,Pierre,"Love this category of games and was looking for a game like HOI4 but with more depth and strategy.Pro – Complex trade and political system, Better Supply system. More control over bombing and strategic destruction.Con – War, Units control and lack of information, lack of understanding for new players.Controlling units is pure hell. I feel like I'm watching the computer play the game. I feel more than anything, what this game needs is a UI and playability update. Forget new content, just allow a new player to get their hands around the current content. Let player understand the depth to the game and explore it.Features to add.Pop up graphs - How have I changed over time. Like GDP, Inflation and Popularity. It’s frustrating only being able to see where you are and never where you came from or where you are going. What is my daily population rise? You can keep you UI clean if you have complex information displayed on mouse hover, but simple and clean when not hovered.Understanding effects - I feel like much of this game operated in the back ground and players are left guessing that it’s working as they intend. What effect does free trade have on my country? Does spending money on families increase the birth rate? Does promoting families reduce crime? What is cultural spending? What are the effect of education?AI system – The system from HOI4 is so much better. With SR I’m left guessing what’s happening. I can’t get my troops to form front lines. I can’t easily decide who’s going where and when an attack should take place. I’m just a passenger. I have to shuffle through menus to find troops. I’m willing to admit this may be due to my unfamiliarity with the game. But there are serious lessons to be learned from competitors.Example I was playing as Switzerland and wanted to secure the three entry bridges and hold that position. After half an hour googling and watching tutorials. My troops jut March one by one into artillery fire until the entire army is wiped without firing a single shot.Same with the economy, I tell the AI to only balance the budget and he makes me run a constant loss. And for gameplay I understand, but changing tax rates every day is not realistic. And the principle that high GDP make production cost go up is wrong. It should increase the demand for consumer goods if tax is also low. Being productive does not make you unproductive.The internal economy gameplay lends itself to either communism or a dictatorship. There is no private industry to my understanding, so taxing the hell out of people has no negative economic effects. I can’t just have a low tax government where people build their own consumer goods. The country only moves forward if I take people’s money and build the economy myself. It would be nice to nominate tiles where civilians are free to build their own buildings.To sum up I like this game. Its half way to a legendary title. But small details have been forgotten making the game simultaneously too complex and not detailed enough. I wish there were more games on the maket like this, and that is why I'm going to recomend it. But I dont think ill be playing it much more."
76561198007572276,Recommended,600280,34343849,Posted: 18 August,all,Imperator,"I've played the Supreme Ruler series since SR2020 now 10 years ago. SRGW is an excellent game if you understand how to play it. There is a learning curve.DIPLOMACY: Diplomatic relations will broadly trace historical trends if you have the default settings on.  Otherwise, the diplomatic relations seem mostly random (even if they aren't), simulating various diplomatic accomplishments or crises going on behind the scenes and outside of direct view to you as the Supreme Ruler. Setting volatility to ""High"" in the lobby before you start your game can cause relations to improve or deteriorate quickly on their own. If your volatility is set to ""None"" relations hardly change at all without your direct input. If you have no problem spending your country's money on diplomacy, use ""support the ruling regime"" option for a particular country, and the relations will improve with the government you are targeting, apparently simulating diplomatic efforts to increase ties with that nation. On the other hand, if you spend money to ""support opposition"" the relations will deteriorate with that government somewhat quickly without explanation, soon giving you a pretext on which to declare war. Trading often and generously (on terms more favorable to the other side) will increase your relations slowly with the common people of the country (as opposed to its government/ruling elite) over time. You are able to build spy networks in the countries of your choosing.  You can also arm rebel factions in countries that you oppose.  There is a wide array of treaty types from which you can choose to build relationships with other regions. That's essentially it as far as the diplomacy system goes. The diplomacy has dramatically improved with recent patches, and the AI now actively creates alliances and declares war and peace, something it did not do very often before.MILITARY: The military simulation is extremely well detailed and modeled, with precise unit description by both nation and era, everything is simulated from infantry unit types, to mobile infantry, to air and sea down to specific small patrol boats.The historical failure of Germany and other nations to account for war materials in World War I is adequately modeled in this game, so don't let the shortages during the war cause you think the game is broken, it is doing exactly what it is supposed to do.  Unit movement is real time (units will move as fast as you'd expect them to in one game day) and very realistic. Land features and geography are hex based and each hex is meticulously modeled and based on the real world geographical data, and the game also includes a dynamic weather simulation that can affect combat. As of July 2017, AI is still a little sloppy on naval warfare but hardly worse than most games out there.  With the release of SRGW I believe they have improved the navy to at least travel around in loose groups, to simulate fleets to a certain extent, which is yet another improvement. The AI will not form highly coordinated fleets or conduct extremely organized naval campaigns using aircraft carriers, but it will send ships in loose groups over to whoever it is declaring war on, hoping at some point to land some troops on the continent in question. Land combat is more realistic with AI units moving back and forth, resupplying, and gaining position slowly and strategically.ECONOMY: The economic simulation is realistic and accurate, as long as you understand that the game makes no distinction between the private economy and the public economy. The economy responds, in my experience, very realistically to changes in inputs and outputs. For example, substantial state increase in infrastructure spending will result in a good year of 40% GDP growth, curtailing slowly quarter over quarter until it is back to normal. The economy responds slightly less resiliently to tax cuts than to spending changes. You are considered the ""Supreme Ruler"" of both the public and private economic sectors. The game doesn't care if the health care sector for example is run privately or publicly. If you increase health care spending GDP will start to rise as will inflation. The more you spend, and the more you cut taxes/prices, the faster the GDP will grow, but be careful you don't overheat your economy and cause high inflation or the prices of buildings, goods, and services and resources will rise dramatically. Impatient management of your economy and large fluctuations in stimulus will lower your economic score. I recommend running numerical reports periodically so you have data from which to compare changes over time- write down all the values including production and consumption values for each commodity. To have more control over your commodities and to drive up prices in your favor I recommend bulk trading only, when market conditions are favorable.With this release, AI players build facilities more frequently and skillfully than in previous editions.If you are interested in adding a more detailed political simulation to the game, I encourage you to view my thread ""Enhancing the Game with a Random Number Generator"" in the discussion forums.This game is an excellent game and is constantly improving. The developers are VERY responsive to any issues that arise, and have recently reopened the studio full time to once again work on future SR titles. If you're interested in the genre of detailed and realistic world strategy this game is definitely for you."
76561197994481536,Not Recommended,600280,34514139,Posted: 26 August,all,Sketteck,"I was excited to get this game as I enjoyed earlier versions in the franchise, but shortly into playing the game I realized I had been duped and was sorely disappointed in my purchase.  The game is simply a cash grab by Battlegoat.  It has almost no changes previous versions and those changes could've been implemented with a mod for free or at the very worse dlc for a very low price (~$5).  The gameplay, graphics, UI and most of tech tree is unchanged.  They added a few units and a few techs and let you start in 1914, but that hardly warrants paying $20 for those minimal changes.  I'm sure most people that have played this series before are extremely disappointed with this product but aren't bothered enough to post a review of it.  The only people that really might enjoy this game are those that haven't played a Supreme Ruler game before and even then I would recommend Ultimate before this one.I'll be hard pressed to trust Battlegoat to put out a product that has me supporting it.  Sad because I really enjoyed the company prior to this fiasco."
,Recommended,600280,33985255,Posted: 2 August,all,Ich Und Mein Holz,"Great game! Wish they added the Century collection when I purchased as it would have saved me a few dollars, but happy to support the devs. Best optimized version of supreme ruler runs a lot smoother.Overall 7/10 Nice job battlegoat!"
,Recommended,600280,34091119,Posted: 7 August,all,☩ Maryondo Eressea ☩,"Far too realistic!Playing as Germany (Sandbox):- Italy is utterly useless (even attacked Austria)- Austria ♥♥♥♥s everything up- Turkey plays big and loses great- Russia overwhelms everyone with manpower- USA joins the war when it is already over- Germany has to fix all the fails of its alliesGod damn... Every World War the same problems... Next WW(3) Germany gotta fight on its own. No useless allies this time, which might cause its defeat again..."
76561198064241784,Recommended,600280,34053203,Posted: 5 August,all,Waxie,Love the game cant wait to put 400+ hours on it.
76561198046919234,Recommended,600280,34382009,Posted: 20 August,all,HerrDak,"At this point this is definitely my favorite grand strategy game of all time... it has all... a good economic system, a good war system and a good diplomatic system that will make you fell like a real statesman planning according to your geopolitical strategy.Plus... ¡the Great War!"
76561198174961909,Not Recommended,600280,35457451,Posted: 3 October,all,dairyboy30,"yes Steam I want my money back, this game crashed IMMEDIATLY upon install! I WANT MY MONEY BACK NOW"
76561198392573085,Recommended,600280,34581080,Posted: 29 August,all,Republican Gamer 2017,I bought and installed this game a few days ago and I am very pleased with it.
76561198008328439,Recommended,600280,34397874,Posted: 21 August,all,~Hääftiger Killer~ :DDD,Great Game!
76561198007452605,Not Recommended,600280,35119682,Posted: 21 September,all,YourLordAmit,"I found Supreme Ruler Ultimate to be a bad game - absolutely fascinating premise with terrible execution. Fun, but only if you don't really try to think.I had hoped this updated version would be better. It is, but as I neared the refund time limit, all I was thinking was... the execution still sucks. Ducktape over gaping holes. So if you were conflicted about Ultimate, I suspect this will disappoint."
,Recommended,600280,35213107,Posted: 25 September,all,Qwerty 2316,"If you like Supreme Ruler, this is just Ultimate except now with WW1.If you are new to the series, I would recommend getting Ultimate first and then only getting this later.Still, its a good purchase and I hope Battlegoat continues to make games into the future."
76561198012156437,Recommended,600280,33967637,Posted: 2 August,all,ajkable,Is another great game by Battle Goat that brings WW1 to life.  Lots of playtime will be had changing the course of WW1 from all different countries you can play as.  You have great campaign options and sandbox is amazing with the option of 2 start dates.  The speed of game is really fast in this period and can get through a year in no time which is a great improvement on the modern day games that were in Supreme Ruler Ultimate.
,Recommended,600280,33972119,Posted: 2 August,all,[E.FF]Thadwookie,"This is a game you will either like because its to complex or dislike because it's to complex. I like it because i can control my government, mess with my domestic supplies, build buildings on any hex anywhere that my country controls. The game takes some getting used to but once you get the hang of it, you can immerse yourself into wonderland. I'm not a review expert on explaining how good it is. i just want to play it right now and not write this review, It's worth 20$."
,Recommended,600280,33979334,Posted: 2 August,all,Aqua,I love it! One of the best RTS games ever! Just buy the damn game! - Adept World Gaming
76561198087449437,Recommended,600280,34090395,Posted: 7 August,all,defcon252-2009,i like it a lot :D
76561198101705273,Not Recommended,600280,34041310,Posted: 5 August,all,kylewilkinson.1993,"This game isnt worth the extra money it shud b a dlc nt stand alone, its just a new senario nothing els has changed"
76561198062653983,Recommended,600280,33961084,Posted: 1 August,all,INSANEFIRELOARD,Pros+DLC options for SRU are available+Steam Multiplayer Matchmaking - 1914 to Modern Day+You can shape your nation's industry from the startCons+Your surrounded by enemies and everyone is a warmonger+Hardly any infrastructure / Slow trade / Slow Economy / Slow UnitsOverall - B++
