user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,601810,32128240,Posted: 2 June,all,Affy,"I'm gonna be perfectly honest here, I only picked up this game because Sonic Mania was a few months away still.Wow. You sure showed me.This game is actually really ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.The levels are long but they don't really feel like they drag out. Just don't try to beat the entire game in one sitting.Most of the music is really good. The powerups are fun to mix and match (you can hold 2) and the mini/bosses are all pretty fun to fight. The dialogue is amusing and the few cut scenes are so 90's it's awesome.100% reccommend if you like Sonic/Sega platformers, Freedom Planet, things like that."
,Recommended,601810,31073522,Posted: 10 April,all,siegarettes,"A fresh action platformer from the creator of Sonic Before the Sequel, After the Sequel, and Sonic Chrono Adventure. The work he's put into those fan games definitely shows here, with Spark absolutely nailing the sensation of movement.And while it's clear that he's borrowed from plenty of influences, Spark has its own character and rhythm, moving quickly between combat, speed, and platforming fluidly, and making smart moves that make sure it's easy to regain momentum.That energy carries into the soundtrack, which is a fantastic combination of rock, electronica and jazz fusion.If there's any criticism to be had, its that the constant momentum of it makes it hard to play for long periods, and the stages tend to lean towards the long side. That's easy to remedy, tho, as Spark saves at every checkpoint, which are frequent, and lets you continue from it in the next session.This is a seriously consistent effort, and honestly an amazing debut as a first commerical game."
,Not Recommended,601810,31196477,Posted: 17 April,all,Succinct And Punchy,"Short Version: I genuinely do like this game but it has way too many problems mainly technical but also design-wise for me to possibly recommend it to people.Long Version:As a platformer, it's genuinely entertaining, the movement is fast and fluid and feels very responsive and fun to handle, the level gimmicks are varied and interesting mostly for the better and the game has an absolutely killer soundtrack.As Spark, you progress through various levels in a speedy fashion by collecting different powerups that grant you different movement and combat abilities very much akin to Kirby. This sounds very well and good in theory, you have numerous options to approach different scenarios making both combat and stage movement exciting and while I think this holds true for movement as you have different powerups that let you recoil yourself with your own shot not entirely unlike Milla from Freedom Planet, run on walls at a great speed or hoverboard around the place, the movement options the powers provide are fun and interesting to play around with and I enjoyed their inclusion on that level but the combat side of things is where it gets super weak.Most of the powers are bad to mediocre at any kind of damage-dealing and Bat is head and shoulders above everything else at combat to the point where it crowds any other kind of option. I would find this dissappointing but the combat and boss fights in Spark aren't very deep anyway, with most of them being winnable by some variant of standing behind the enemy and mashing attack. For a game that has as many bosses as this game does (read: a ridiculous amount) it's kind of shocking the combat is as lacking in complexity as it is?Furthermore, the powerup mechanic takes an unnecessary cue from Kirby by copying the rule where powerups will sometimes fly out of you when you take damage, which makes it really easy to lose powers you'd rather hang onto. This combined with the fact touching a new power will INSTANTLY overwrite your power with no chance to reverse the process leads to many extremely annoying scenarios where you accidentally lose/overwrite your combat power and end up boringly plinking away at the game's many simplistic midbosses with a worse power for extended periods of time. This is made worse by the fact powerup distribution across the game is incredibly uneven, sometimes you are drowning in powerups you don't want or already have and sometimes you go incredibly lengths of time without being able to find anything at all.The game is also just super easy, you can take so much damage, health drops are so frequent and there's even a full-health reserve revive available to serve to make the combat even more lacking in any depth whatsoever because even the worst player can likely facetank through everything with little issue. It's fun to move around in but seriously lacking in bite.The game's general lack of difficulty is not aided by its length. The game honestly feels too long for how many ideas it actually has in it, it feels like it's starting to drag on by the end because a good few of the levels just feel like filler material since there's no particular challenge. The pacing and structure feels like it lacks focus (just like this review) and ultimately hurts the game by prioritising quantity over quality. Special shoutouts to lategame stages 13-16 for having some supremely obnoxious level gimmicks (nobody likes the pinball stage gimmick. Nobody. Nobody likes Collision Chaos and anyone who tells you they do hasn't played it recently.) that go further to just making you want the game to hurry up and end by the back quarter.The story is meandering and nonsensical and I honestly have no idea what's happening in it, at all. It's fairly unobtrusive at least, cutscenes can be skipped at the press of a button so it hardly gets in the way terribly much but it makes me wonder why even bother having it if it's literally just something I want to get out of the way so I can play my video game. The entire game's script (including menus and help text) is also riddled with typos, awkward dialogue and total non-sequiturs that come across like just no effort was put into this aspect of the game. I question the value of it even existing if no care is going to go into it.Once you've cleared the game as Spark, you unlock the ability to play through the entire game again as a different character, Fark, with an entirely different moveset and some extra bosses. This second campaign actually kind of rules and I found it substantially more enjoyable than the meat of the first campaign. He has less health which makes it harder to gorilla through the entire game, a parry system that rewards well-timed blocks with invincible frames and a health-recovery move and no power system, which immediately removes that entire irritating burden from the game and a better dash which grants you more mobility. The downside is that compared to Spark's peak damage, Fark kills things comparatively way slower, which again does not aid the drag of the game's relatively simplistic combat. The addition of the parry does help to shake things up initially, since the parry move smartly also earns you meter to regain your health which means the only way to recover health midcombat is to be aggressive and parry enemy attacks but the timing on it is incredibly forgiving and it quickly becomes just a simon says of parrying on the beat and then mashing attack until boss dies which will end up taking way too long due to your somewhat shoddy damage output. There's a good core of a platforming game character design there seriously let down by the complete shallowness of the boss designs, it's a real shame. Great idea, somewhat middling execution.I still found this second campaign far more entertaining to play through because the parry has a ton of interesting applications in stages that actually helps to alleviate some of the more annoying gimmicks. Waiting for trains to pass by on a cycle to not take damage is boring. Parrying trains and dashing through while invincible is exciting! Camping a boss in a corner to slowly plink at its life is boring, getting up in its grill to parry its attacks to recover lost life is exciting! More like that and some more dynamic boss encounters and it could've been a real winner of a campaign.Now for the final killer here. The game's technical problems. The big elephant in the room is that the game's framerate and general performance may or may not be completely abysmal for you based on some totally arcane factors not well understood. This has about coin-flip odds of making the game completely unplayable for you for no reason. This alone disqualifies the game for a recommendation on principle, but it's so much worse than that even if you can get it to run. My game in particular suffers from fairly noticable slowdown in random areas of the late game and entire bossfights for seemingly no reason whatsoever. This isn't just annoying, it's completely game-breaking, it makes the game feel unresponsive and bad and makes it exceptionally difficult to properly time parries, a key gameplay mechanic. This huge glaring issue alone is enough for me to say I can't recommend this game, even though I do genuinely like it. It makes no sense to spend 15 dollars on a game that has 50/50 odds of not working at all and then even past that, will likely not work to its fullest.As a sidenote because I'm running out of characters in this review. Time Attack mode and the timer in general is buggy to the point of being totally useless and the optional challenges don't feel well-designed or implemented.I like this game, but that's solely because I'm a huge sucker for the kind of fun movement options it presents. Otherwise, it's a technical mess admist some serious design flaws. When it works, it's decent, but that's IF and WHEN it works. Which is not consistent. Thus, I can't recommend it. Sorry.Soundtrack is GREAT though."
,Recommended,601810,31090538,Posted: 11 April,all,VaaN,"A sorta mix of ""Mega Man"", ""Kirby"", and ""Sonic the Hedgehog"".And, it is glorious.The music itself also pretty damn good in all its splendor."
,Recommended,601810,31082061,Posted: 11 April,all,Akka,"After, after the sequelSpark the Electric Jester is a speedy action platformer that borrows elements from Sonic and Kirby. The framework is based loosely on the developer's earlier fanworks: Sonic Before and After the Sequel.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=903225565GameplayLevel design is reminiscent of classic Sonic games. Soar down slopes and zip through the loops of 16 different zones, each one capped by a unique boss. Levels have multiple branching routes and take an impressive ten or more minutes to clear each.Combat is where the game's other roots begin to shine. You have over a dozen different abilities/weapons, all hidden throughout each level. You can hold onto two at a time, interchanging at will. If you get slapped hard enough you'll drop the one you're holding onto. The weapon you have equipped greatly changes your role in combat, how you traverse the levels, and how you deal with both mooks and bosses. The gameplay changes as frequently as you take on new abilities.VisualAn absolutely remarkable improvement over the developer's earlier work. The enemies and backgrounds mesh together flawlessly. I'm honestly impressed they got it to look so good. While some backgrounds and settings are humdrum and average, others grasp me tightly, commanding my full attention and respect as I trench through them.SoundNo matter your opinions on Sonic After the Sequel, it seems nearly everyone agrees that the soundtrack is spectacular. The musicians responsible for that ost return for this project to prove their mastery once again. Even if you don't play the game, at least give the ost a try.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS6AQ68IYbs&index=1&list=PLTsPmYOQxpNZ4e8khiUgJTqBskoSq-06TPlotA disaster. I would have honestly preferred making up my own plot rather than listen to the characters forget what they were doing. The poor jokes, grammatical errors, and false starts didn't do any favors. Even in retrospect I don't understand the storyline.SpectacleSoaring through each level atSonicsparking speed feels so good. Every impressive moment is marred by a negative one though, usually stemming from the plot.DifficultyI perhaps died three times in the regular campaign. With seven hp, you won't be getting very close to death that often--but a handful of bosses might give you a close shave.No, the real challenge is the bonus campaign. You're given 4 hp and restricted to short range melee attacks. You can parry with good timing, a necessary skill to refill your feeble hp meter. If you thought the regular game was easy, this will destroy you.The second bonus campaign after that will destroy you even harder.Three and a half stars out of fiveFans of classic fast-paced platforming will be plenty satisfied to latch onto this title Unfortunately, a few users report framerate issues, so be warned. It sounds like the developer may still have a few kinks to work out."
,Recommended,601810,32650162,Posted: 22 June,all,SuperGuyNumber1,Mostly Sonic with some Kirby with a little dash of Megaman X and you will come up with this game. If you are tired of waiting of Sonic Mania (or it some how ends not being good) this is a good alternative
,Recommended,601810,32979768,Posted: 29 June,all,HunterAurzo,"Personally, I'm not huge fan of 2D platformers. Very rarely do I enjoy 2D platformers, and I can tell you now that Spark the Electric Jester is one of few 2D platformers that I enjoyed.The gameplay in STEJ is a combination of Sonic the Hedgehog, Kirby, and Mega Man X. It has the speed of 2D Sonic, multiple abilties to change gameplay from Kirby, and the multiple gameplay aspects from Mega Man X (wall jump, dash, charge shots). If you enjoy at least one of these games series, then you should try out STEJ. The platforms in areas fit the theme, and the music only helps out the stage. Thats something I need to talk about, the music. The music in this game is incredible. Theres not one peice of music that I hate, and I constantly listen to all of them. If your not interested in the game, try listening to the music, as I would have bought the game just for the music.The replay value the game has is a lot. Due to having multiple abilties, you can replay stages (or the entire game) with just one, or no abilties. Along with that, there are other game modes to pick, which I won't spoil, but your'll need to unlock them. Its a mystery!Depending on how you play STEJ, is how difficult it becomes. For my experience, it was easy, but only because I knew how to use Sparks abilties to its fullest. The game gives you a tutorial, but it doesn't show everything (such as how dashing at the right time can cause you to take no damage, trust me its good to know this). Theres no touch damage (for most enemies anyway) in STEJ, and THANK YOU for that. You can try to avoid enemies, but there will be times when you trying to avoid them, will cause you to get hit. But if your skilled, you can avoid these situations.Its a shame that this game isn't insanly popular. I've done some research, and from what I gathered, the timing for the kickstarter, along with the realease of the game were at very bad times, and this game hasen't sold well due to bad luck. I hope this game becomes a success later on, because I love this game. Its ones of my most favorites game of all time, and I dont even enjoy 2D platformers much. I would really like to see a squeal, or a port to consles for this game, but apperently its not going to happen. Still, I'm a huge fan, and hoping for a huge rise in sales for this game! I highly recommend it, so pick it up!"
,Not Recommended,601810,32541943,Posted: 18 June,all,Legendary Emerald,"As great as the music and core gameplay is, I simply cannot recommend this game to anyone in good conscious. The framerate is simply busted, which is inexcusable for a 2D platforming game. Not only does having certain control devices plugged into your PC slow down the game to an unplayable crawl, but even if you are able to get the game running as intended (which I was able to do for a few hours, and am currently unable to reproduce), there are large sections of nearly every level in which the framerate dips to fun-vampire levels. The developer of the game seems incapable of fixing these problems at this time, due to the engine used to create the game and the cost of porting to another engine. It's very saddening, because there is a great game hidden in here; it just can't seem to break free from the constraints of its engine."
,Recommended,601810,31069548,Posted: 10 April,all,Remagamer,"its good its good its so good holy bajeez its goodbut i do need to run it as an admin to fix a slowdown issue so do thatSERIOUS REVIEWI followed this since I heard about it.It's sort of a cross between Megaman, Sonic and Kirby. Spark controls like Sonic and has a variety of different powers to collect like Megaman and Kirby. I've played the developer's fangames before buying this, and they're excellent as well. The soundtrack is excellent and the levels I've played are quite nice. Please buy it.Thanks, LakeFeperd for this awesome game!POST-GAME ADDONI've beaten the game. It was great. I had an awesome time and the final fight was epic. I won't spoil anything, but there's more to do after you beat the game, and it's pretty cool. I do have som things to say that hampered the experience somewhat, but they were minor, and listed below:-Dialogue has a few mistakes here and there-Extreme slowdowns at some points within a sandy level-Game ran a bit choppy in the more graphics-heavy sectionsAll in all, I think Spark The Electric Jester is a homage to the classics of the past and a stellar game in its own right. Fans of the genre would be foolish to skip this one, especially with such a reasonable price.Please check out LakeFeperd and his future projects, it's worth it."
76561198207060000,Recommended,601810,33050065,Posted: 30 June,all,Prochan,"Spark the Electric Jester was a pleasant surprise.The first time I found out about this game I rolled my eyes, I thought it was just another sonic rip off, but boy was I wrong.Sure the game may look and feel like sonic, but there are enough things in it to make it unique.Spark can use different abilities like fire and wind which work similarly to kirby's copy abilities (which was intentional since the creator is a big kirby fan)Like kirby some of the abilities are broken as hell and I absolutely love it the things you can do with the wind ability are amazing, you can skip with it over platforming sections and enemies if you are skilled enough.The game rewards with speed for being skilled at it, just like most sonic games, something that games like freedom planet didn't really have.Spark can also use a dash, and of course if you know how to use it you can become broken as hell, you can dodge enemy attacks, get shortcuts and  easly break the game with it.The game is a perfect mix of sonic and kirby, you can go fast and get shorcuts like in sonic games and you can be a broken little ♥♥♥♥er like in kirby games.If you still don't know if you should get this game let me ask you some questions.Do you like sonic?Do you like kirby?Do you like good games?if you answered yes to at least one of them, go get the game right now!If you answered no to all of them, then you might have a problem..."
,Recommended,601810,33842433,Posted: 27 July,all,Mega Box & Bilco CDX,"I wasn't expecting  this game to be all that good, I was wrong. This game plays like a mixture of Sonic the Hedgehog and Kirby. Don't expect the story to be anything special, it's pretty much straight to the point. Once you finish the game, you unlock another character with an entirely different skillset and slightly different story. The only gripes I had were that the optimisation for this game was terrible. I ran into quite a bit of slowdown here and there for some parts of the game and even ran into this bug that got me caught behind the screen, secondly. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the cutscenes that are in the game look like they were made in MS paint, it is laughably bad. It won't hinder your enjoyment of the game though. Have at it!"
,Recommended,601810,31252423,Posted: 20 April,all,SLEVEN,"$15 for 15.9 Hours worth upon completion. (as the time of this review post)  Might take shorter then that if you are a skilled speedrunner or might take longer if platformers are not your thing. Other then that I can say some few pros and cons for this title.Pros: Developed by the Programmer Lake Fepard/Felipe Ribeiro Daneluz of the fangames Sonic before & After the Sequal and Sonic Chrono Adventure. This marks his first Commercial release of a digital title to hit Steam via from the works from Clickteam Fusion 2.5Music by Andy Tunstall,  Falk Au Yeong, Pejman Roozbeh (Funk Fiction), Paul Bethers and Michael Staple (Maxie) Their works are also in various products in the gaming scene not just in the Indie scene either. Remixes and compositions that are pleasent to the ears. Its a treat to listen to the games music.Game is fluid in play for the most part.Plenty of powerups aside from the Natural Spark Power.Cool, Fire, Magician, Magic, Bat, Wind, Gravity, Board, Hammer, Knight, Sword, and EdgyQuite Challenging multiple playthrus. How about playing as your Robotic Doppelganger who has parry abilities and wall running skills or perhaps taking the challenge of playing the game where 2 hits will kill you. This game is your answer.Cons: Its Lake Fepard first Commercial game that is on steam that has a rough launch along with other releases around it's launch date.  Making it less sought after and buried under the more popular titles like the port of Bayonetta.No added OST Add-Onis saddening but FALK is the one who is maintaining the soundtrack so it might be posted elsewhere for purchase.UPDATE:https://materiacollective.bandcamp.com/album/spark-the-electric-jester-original-game-soundtrackThe OST is available for purchase here! All proceeds goes to the composers that created the wonderful OST for Spark the Electric Jester!Buggy and prone to glitches/crashes due to the coding issues by Clickteam Fusion 2.5, LakeFepard needs to export the game into Chowdren to make the game run more smoothly and less prone to crashes.Some of the Powerups you will feel most favorable to then the others. Most people often use Sword for the Movement Speed, Edgy for the Wall Run and Air Dash, and Board for the Surfing.Overall: If your a fan of the 16 Bit Platformers of yesteryear like Megaman, Kirby, and Sonic. You do yourself a favor and snag this title up. Look past the glitches and bugs this game has and you will see there is surely gold in a bunch of dirt that is time worth getting."
,Recommended,601810,31844502,Posted: 19 May,all,🎃Orange🎃,"Ok review time! Now I've finally played the missions and have the full review ready to go!Spark's Story: Honestly I enjoyed Spark, I thought he controlled well. His powers were each special and none of them were too powerful (although Edgy and Magical can get you out of a pinch).Fark's Story: My favorite part of the game. Fark is so much fun! He can't use powerups like Spark can, but he hasNEWpowers. He can parry, regain health using Static Mode, and go Super! His bosses are fun and the theme for the special bosses is great!Spark's Challenge: My least favorite part of the game. You play Fark's Story as Spark and you have only 2 HITS! You also can't regain health in boss fights like Fark can. Not to mention that Spark's dash parry is so picky about working (and if it doesn't work you are going to die a lot).SPC Missions: These 10 missions are what you must complete to unlock Super Spark. You replay the same stages but with new objectives (kinda like Team Chaotix in Sonic Heroes actually). Some are pathetically easy while others (the Fark one) will haunt your dreams for years.Visuals: Yep this game looks fantastic! Even the desert level is nice on the eyes (something Nintendo hasn't been able to do for years). Unfortunately the visuals cause a bit of frame loss in some of the levels with a heavier load. Still this game is gorgeous to look at.Soundtrack: Now while I can't remember any of the stage names, I can remember all of their tracks with ease! I love every track in this game with my favorite being the special boss theme (the one I mentioned earlier). Although there were some tracks that sounded awfully familiar to other games (the laval level's track sounded a lot like Planet Wisp to me). I'd recommend checking out the soundtrack that does have a buyable release.Overall Story Presentation: The story is ok in my opinion, it breaks the 4th wall a few times. I do really like most of the characters (I really began liking Romalo and Fark as characters as I progressed through the story) and the way the game's world is set."
,Recommended,601810,31362343,Posted: 25 April,all,spectrum,"Catchy music, tight controls, fun power-ups and beautiful visuals make this indie gem well worth playing!"
76561198055268147,Recommended,601810,31494427,Posted: 1 May,all,GuyroMaster,"Spark the Electrical Jester. A package of everything that Lakefeperd has done up to this point.I can see the influences of all of the Sonic fangames he created rolled into this game. From Sonic: Before the Sequel to Sonic Chrono Adventure, you get a taste of everything he's created all into one amazing package. For this review I will be keeping spoilers to a minimum, but I will be talking about each mode. This review is designed to be fair and informative._______Spark's Story:So to start things off, the story is kept very minimal at the start of the game. You have a very basic plot of Spark's mission to get his job back. Spark is an Electrical Jester and his job was taken by a robotic duplicate of himself that he calls Fark. Now at first glance you might get see a comparison for Sonic and Metal Sonic and that might be what was intended.As you proceed further into the adventure, you soon meet other characters who will keep telling Spark to turn back and to quit persuing Fark. Spark is on a mission to get his job back so you will be persuing Fark through the entire adventure. I won't be saying when and where you battle him because it would be major spoilers. The only thing I will say is that you will get a nice remix of the game's main theme when you do fight him.The game will take you through cities, forests, deserts, volcanoes, the skies above, and even all the way into space itself. There is a lot of variety for the stages and you will have to play the game for yourself to really see if Spark can get his job back.Gameplay and Mechanics:Spark has a health bar of 7 hits. You will only take a hit from an enemy or environmental hazard. You will not take damage from running into an enemy unless they are attacking. After taking a hit, he will have a few seconds of being invulnerable. You can refill your health by picking up health nodes. The health nodes are orange with a white core in the middle. You can find them free floating or in defeated enemies sometimes.Along with Health Nodes you will find yellow diamond shaped pick-ups you can find scattered through out the levels. These fill up a bar above your health bar. This bar is important. If you lose all your health and you have filled up the yellow bar fully, you will be revived and have health restored. I would call this yellow bar your Last Stand.If you do die you will restart from the last save point you touched. This game does not have any lives or game overs.Spark provides you with a basic tutorial for controlling him and his basic abilities when you first start the game so I'm not going to cover that stuff.In the game you can find power-ups that Spark can use. You will find the mechanic for these to be very Kirby-esque in design. There are a total of 12 in game power-ups to try out as Spark. You can carry two at a time or you can settle for using base Spark and his powers. There is a secret power-up, but it's spoiler heavy so you will have to play the game to find out what this power-up is.The power-ups have a wide variety of skills depending on what you want to use. Just make sure that you take a moment to pause the game to see exactly what each one does. Some have a double jump while others have a mid-air dash. Some are close combat while others are long range. It's up to you the player to decide what you like the most.Complete Spark's story and you will unlock Whishes Mode (lets you access all of Spark's power-ups in his gameplay mode) and Fark's Story mode.Fark's Story:Fark has a story? Yes he does. His story takes place right after the events of Spark's story. All the same levels but with added twists. New level routes and harder enemies. Some bosses are brand new. Before you start the story, the game will tell you briefly of Fark's gameplay. Get ready for a challenge.Gameplay and Mechanics:Fark only has 4 hits on his health bar but you can refill his health the same way you did with Spark. Same goes for the Last Stand gauge.Fark can't use power-ups, but power-up spots are replaced by blue nodes that fill up the Static gauge. Specific to his playstyle is the Static gauge and his unique block move.These two things go hand in hand. To survive Fark's story you will need to utilize the block mechanic. When Fark blocks, he will be rewarded on how well you blocked. When you have a succesful block you will get a matrix-like slowdown and a colored circle will flash around of Fark and he will have temporary invulnerability.Red - Dodged in seconds while getting hit. This will save your hit point from depleting.Yellow - Basic dodge achieved. You will gain a little static charge from the successful block.Blue/Green - Perfect dodge. Fark will flash white, has a longer invulnerable period, and the static gauge gets more energy than a regular dodge.When you attack with Fark, you will slowly build up the Static gauge as well, but blocking is the fastest way to fill up the gauge. When the bar is full enough you can go into Static mode to power Fark up and regain all health or you can fill the bar up fully and use Fark's secret weapon. Be aware that you will lose static bar energy if you take a hit or use the Static mode.For the basic list of Fark's abilities, press start to view the pause menu.Complete Fark's story and unlock Spark Challenge.Spark Challenge:The basic plot of this mode is that Fark's story was made into a VR game and Spark wants to try it out on the hardest difficulty. You are basically playing Fark's story as Spark, but you only have 2 hits. Before you start the story, Fark will also tell Spark he has a dodge move and to use it well.Gameplay and Mechanics:Basically the same as regular Spark. You have all 12 power-ups to find, but you can only take 2 hits. Before starting Challenge mode, it suggests that you play with Whishes Mode on. It's very difficult to beat without it, but is possible.The most important thing to use is going to be the Dash. The dash move is how you dodge as Spark and timing is everything. You will die a lot.Another important thing in this mode is a sound cue that some enemies and bosses make. This is critical to timing your dodge correctly.Complete the challenge and you get a teaser image to Lakefeperd's next project and unlock SPC Challenges.SPC Challenges:This mode is a series of 10 challenges. Complete all of them and you unlock something for Whishes Mode._______A few other things.Music:Despite being a sprite based, 2D side scroller adventure, there is a wide selection of music provided by only 6 musicians. Each music track is unique and I can't find any that I don't like.Bugs and Glitches:I have been reading that many people talk about there being framerate issues. I have personally never had this issue. I am using a Windows 7 Pro computer with Intel Core i6 Processor. The only time I had experienced any slowdown was when dodging, but I don't have any problem with that. If anything it makes it look like a matrix dodge with the way time slows down briefly. That's cool to me.I experienced a bug that did cause the game to close, but it didn't delete my save or anything so it didn't stop progress.Nothing game breaking to report from my experience.Achievements and Patches:At this time, the developer has not planned to make any patches to the game.There are only 4 achievements in the game. You collect them for beating each story and challenge. This is where the game loses some replayability. It's not a bad thing, but there is a stunning lack of achievements and I think this hurts the game a bit. Lakefeperd, if you plan to release any future patches, it would be a great idea to add more achievements. This goes for the SPC Challenges mode too. 10 is a good start, but it would be great to have more Challenges too.With that being said, I greatly enjoyed this game and if in the future there are more Achievements and Challenges, I will revisit it to clear and complete them."
,Recommended,601810,33313509,Posted: 6 July,all,A rather spooky fellow,"Imagine if Sonic, Mega Man & Kirby had a baby... and then that baby was kicked into outer space and mutated into a force of complete kickass awesomeness. That, ladies and gentlemen, is Spark the Electric Jester. One of the most fun games it's been my pleasure to play in quite a while.Now I haven't played much Sonic the Hedgehog. Only the first two way back when; so maybe some of that magic is lost to me. But this game still has plenty of charm.The fast-paced gameplay and intricate level design of classic sonic coupled with the combat of Rockman and upgrades system of Kirby mixed with one of the most energetic, kickass soundtracks I've heard in my life. This game has rocking tunes for every occasion.I enjoyed every moment of the main campaign and look forward to completing the side campaign and the other bonus modes.It would be remiss of me to neglect mentioning the potential framerate issues on some systems. I've heard many complaints about Spark the Electric Jester running sluggishly even on the beefiest of systems - GTX 1080s & whatnot. On this dingy Intel HD GT1 laptop, though, it only dipped in the final few stages.In conclusion: Spark the Electric Jester is aMUST HAVEgame for fans of retro games, thrill-seekers and newbies to the genre alike. It perfectly captures what made the games of the olden days so great and ramped that up to 11."
76561198078317925,Recommended,601810,31917210,Posted: 23 May,all,IN OPTIONS,"Plays like I always wanted a kirby game to actually play like. Controls are pretty good, art is ok, soundtrack is golden, story is lacking, and the gameplay is alot of fun.One thing that might not be for everyone is that each power up or form has different weight to them. I think it makes them more situational and fun at certain parts. For example: I saved the wind jester to jump high and explore higher areas, but also knight jester to deal with enemies. Theres alot of neat combos that you can use in versitile ways, but some people might not like certain powers because of their weight. Either way, Its refreshing and I enjoyed that design choice quite a bit.The levels have their own feel and are a bit lengthier than the classic sonic levels, you will spend about 8 minutes in each.Overall it was really fun and I also enjoyed the second run with the unlockable playthrough. Definitely worth the money and time."
,Recommended,601810,34139257,Posted: 9 August,all,Cyril,"The immediate comparison, aside from to Sonic, is to Freedom Planet, as they're both retro-esque 2d platformers that borrow heavily from genesis-era games. Though Spark is more a mixture of sonic, mega man x, and kirby than anything else. It certainly plays great and the characters feel great to control, especially the wind jester. Honestly the game should've been renamed Spark the Wind Jester since that's the power I found myself using 80% of the time - the other 20% being using the electric bat to fight bosses. That's the thing, there are a few powers that are very obviously the best and the others go unused most of the time as a result. There just aren't a ton of viable options.The level design in this game also feels... unnecessarily drawn out, more often than not. Stages tend to get quite long but also a bit repetitive and samey, with ideas constantly being repeated just a little too long or sections going on a bit longer than it feels like they should. This is especially noticeable when you're going through the game the second or third time and it gets hard to tell what's what in each level. The bosses though, well, in the normal playthrough you can just mindlessly barrel through them all with no problems but in the second and third campaigns they do get fairly tricky to fight but usually pretty satisfying to complete - there's one or two that feel a bit bleh, and a few others that are easy no matter what, but for the most part they provide a satisfying challenge.The presentation of this game is also pretty good on the whole. The various level themes are all pretty diverse, with a few of them feeling kind of bland (and the theme of the first two levels in particular looking a bit ugly - it's pretty unchanged since the original kickstarter demo though I think, which could explain it, but it almost feels like FM Canyon could've been cut entirely and the game wouldn't suffer for it at all, the only level that doesn't have any unique qualities and it's half the length of every other level as well). But in generall the game looks pretty good and there are some levels that look quite great. It's pretty reminiscent of the games it's influenced by, maybe just a bit blockier. And the soundtrack, holy heck, it's really fantastic. I can't really think of a single song I disliked and there's just a ton of great songs, every level has its own theme that fits it really well & a lot of these are just great standalone tracks. There's also the theme for the extra bosses in the second and third campaigns which feels like a pretty great Crush 40 tune honestly, really gets you pumped and makes those difficult fights more tolerable.The biggest nitpick I have is that there are a lot of weird technical issues. The timer when switching between level segments will reset to whatever it was the last time you hit a checkpoint instead of persisting across screens. In Luna Base, the checkpoints in the first area reset time for some reason, and when you die you get to see the game, instead of reloading, rapidly scroll to where you are. It feels really hacky, to say the least. There's also the music of Turbulence Plains, which reverts to the theme of the previous stage after the midboss of the level (but resets to the correct music if you die after. And there's one of the challenges in the game's mission mode where if you die the first time through (INCREDIBLY likely given that it's a one-hit death challenge) the game resets the map but adds in some extra hazards that were intentionally taken out of the level to make the challenge less frustrating. So yeah, woops. And these are all just the ones I can remember off the top of my head, I'm sure there's more.But overall? Yeah, I did enjoy this game. It can feel a bit easy by the start but gets to a comfortable difficulty by the end of the first campaign and ramps up in challenge substantially from there. And the campaign itself is pretty lengthy - 16 levels of varying lengths, several of which can take over 10 minutes to clear. There's' a fair amount of bang for your buck, and speedrunners will probably have a field day with the movement tech possible thanks to the wind jester (I have watched a run, it's a really cool looking run). And even without really ""replaying"" anything (just going through each of the campaigns) I got 15 hours out of this, which, for a $15 2D platformer, is completely fair. There's really not much keeping me from recommending this, all the issues I have are minor at best, and while I would say check out Freedom Planet first if you haven't, this is only a step or two behind that game and very enjoyable in its own right."
,Recommended,601810,31071715,Posted: 10 April,all,baron von jiggly,"i don't even know where to beginthis game is Amazing. it's so damn amazingGameplay: Sonic and Kirby were at the Pub drinking and decided you know what would be cool if we tried to make a game together. and than Megaman burst in at the last second and said ""can i get in on this action"" and than through a series of experiments they created the greatest Jester. Spark the Electric Jester, and it just works so well it's fast it's fun it's amazing. The level design is great and flows just right. the bosses are fun and depending on the power you have can either be a real challenge, fair, or down right a cake walk if your good. the powers themselves are all fun and since you can carry whichever ones you want as long as you want (if your good) it allows you to play the game how you want to and all of them feel fast and don't break the pace of the game too much.Visuals: the aesthetics are amazing. the tone the backgrounds set for the levels is so spot on it's great. every level had me looking at the backgrounds and being so impressed with that i was seeing. the foreground sprites, characters, and enemies all look great. the Visual set pieces were great and had me getting more and more excited for every fight.Music: ( ↀωↀ) - Pure Freaking Bliss. Every song in this game had me so pumped and so excited i love this Soundtrack almost too much. it hit all the right points with me. every song fit it's level greatly. it just sounds so great.The game is a satisfying length and every moment is full of fun."
76561198026501758,Not Recommended,601810,34098695,Posted: 8 August,all,Nairobi,"If you want some Sonic action, then this...might be worth maybe looking like. The game tries very hard to hone in on the feel and theme of the blue hedgehog, but fails on really nailing what makes those games tick. Spark plays similarly to both Sonic and Kirby; Sonic because you are running through colorful levels with a good deal of speed, and Kirby because you can find power ups to fight with.  The problem lies in how nearly everything is executed.First off, Spark doesn't hold momentum properly. Unless you are using Air Jester or the Hoverboard, your top speed is quickly reached on foot, but as soon as you hit an incline, you lose speed incredibly quickly. There is a dash feature you can use to power through it, but it's not smooth. Further more, it is possible to reach speeds faster than dashing, and the dash doesn't scale to your speed. So you can dash to actually LOSE speed. Unlike Sonic, you have a health bar and it almost doesn't matter. I played through the entire game not really caring about taking damage because there's alot of enemies simply tossed directly in your path while trying to run. I only started actually dying in the last two stages or so, and even then, I was doing the bare minimum.Fighting is also kind of clunky. You pick up power ups and can store two of them to switch between. Most of the powers swing heavily between super useful or only okay. For example, the Mage Jester is great for covering large horizontal distances with damage. However, Edgy Jester is only alright with it's short range and kind of bad damage. The Air Jester power is almost worthless for anything but traversal and the Ice Jester is so rare that it might as well not even be there.The game's story is easily the worst thing about it. A few typos litter the text and in general, it's hard to care about anything because hardly anything is ever even explained. The game's art style is...odd. In the game, it looks perfectly okay. I'm not much of a huge fan of Spark's overall character design but I can deal. What I can't deal with is how bad the cutscenes look. They look really unpolished and almost like they came out of MSPaint. The music is easily the best part of the game, although I'm not really going to go look up an OST anytime soon.Ultimately, the game is kind of underwhelming for me, but I really think that if the Devs decide to do a sequel, they'll get it right. They're already so close!"
76561198084438915,Recommended,601810,31192160,Posted: 16 April,all,AnimHunter,"A love letter for everything sidescroller. Not particularly difficult or innovative, but fun as hell.  Everything here is clearly made with love, and is completely worth it, if only for the soundtrack!"
,Recommended,601810,31190887,Posted: 16 April,all,Icecapman10,"LakeFeperd has done it again, boys! The creator of Sonic: Before/After the Sequel and Sonic Chrono Adventure has made an amazing Sonic/Kirby/Mega Man X-inspired platformer. The soundtrack was created by multiple people and it's electrifying."
76561198353397892,Recommended,601810,33139932,Posted: 2 July,all,YkeDhorgy,"I loved this game. I've been looking into it since it's development started a few years ago. Now, having finally the chance to play and finish it, I can say this game went above all my expectations. The music, the level design, the pixel art, it was all very good. The difficulty, although it spiked a little bit too much in the final levels, was fair enough while keeping it challenging.My only criticism towards the game is the lack of a final polish to it, since there are some misspellings, such as the word “Menu” being spelled as “Memu”, the occasional frame drops that occur when there is too much happening on screen and a few visual glitches here and there. Still, those problems aren't too big of a deal in the end, since the game is so much fun.I absolutely recommend this game, and I hope to see more of this developer soon."
76561198088777022,Recommended,601810,31431555,Posted: 28 April,all,Final Freefall,"This is what it should be, this is fun in gaming."
,Recommended,601810,31090913,Posted: 11 April,all,Syaxamaphone,"Tbh when I downloaded the game I didn't expect it to be so GOOD (now I feel bad). Some of the later levels start to drag on a bit and it makes me not want to try the other campaigns so much but Spark himself plays great and I had fun!Mage, knight and fire were my favourites.Honourable samurai robot best boss."
76561198014230044,Recommended,601810,31077623,Posted: 11 April,all,dokcud,"It's a platformer made by 1 brazillian and a couple of music artists.It's breathtaking, no other word for it."
,Recommended,601810,31249290,Posted: 19 April,all,Pizza time,"If you like Sonic the hedgehog and/or Kirby then you'll love this game! This is defenetly the perfect result if you mix both of those two games together. As you may know as many people have already mettoned, this was developed by the same guy that made Sonic Before and After the sequel which are honestly my favorite fan games ever. It really is worth the 15 dollars, and if your not sure, then try out the demo!P.S. Even the soundtrack is amazing!"
76561198102437055,Recommended,601810,33256213,Posted: 4 July,all,Nodious Karpious,"I personally think this game is a modern masterpiece. First off, the graphics. It's a very visually pleasing game, though, this may create issues with slower-running computers. Otherwise, the game looks fantastic, and everything looks expertly crafted! This is rather suprising, as this only had around a $9,000 budget.Next up, gameplay is fantastic, but has flaws. This game with the base gameplay is amazing, as I have said before, mixing the different aspects from other games and giving them a spin to make them its own! Though, with upsides, there are downsides. Such as the glitches and bugs. As of writing this, the game is a bit buggy, as of right now, it's normal to experience a few glitches in one playthrough. Also, while many the abilities are very unique, I just don't feel there are enough of them, as eventually it felt somewhat empty in how I could attack.Finally, is the story. This is certainly not a strong-point of this game. It gets the job done, but it's somewhat boring and not very compelling. It's kind of just slapped together, but manages to stitch together the gameplay. Though, this doesn't matter too much, considering how the gameplay makes everything worth it. As I have said, this game is very much gameplay over story.Overall, I would give this game a 9/10, has some flaws, but overall a fantastic gem of a game."
76561198080196606,Recommended,601810,32271673,Posted: 8 June,all,Spaceduckthe64th,"Sooo.. Spark the Electric Jester, I completed the game and it was for the most part fun to do so. Most of the levels are really fun to traverse and explore. There are also a bunch of abilities to use during the game, While some are really useful  others are not,A good example of this is the mage ability while it looks really powerful it's actually pretty weak.The magical ability on the other hand can do the same thing and more so that makes the mage ability obsolete.The game is in some places rough around the edges. With some objects in places where they shouldn't be. You really need to search out of your way to find those but still, And for me atleast dickish enemy placement in sertain areas.(and also some exploits but nvm those ;) )The music is really well done and is fun to listen to for a long amount of time which is good,Length of the game is acceptable with a bunch of things to do after the main story.The game overall is fun to play and is worth the price!"
,Recommended,601810,35034682,Posted: 17 September,all,peperony and chease,"A fantastic experience from start to finish. If a mix of Genesis Sonic games' fast paced action and platforming, multiple powers with different movesets and intense, button-mashing (in a good way) combat, this game is for you. The story isn't toooo coherent but honestly it doesn't really matter; it's fun and humorous with big moments peppered in that don't really feel forced. One more thing that I will say is this: if you were and/or still are a fan of Super Mario Bros. Z or any sort of Dragonball Z-esque Sonic sprite animations, you'll probably enjoy this. The cinematic cutscenes aren't that kind of animation but the game certainly has the same sort of charm in a few different ways."
76561198023291635,Recommended,601810,31108059,Posted: 12 April,all,Ender Stiles,"Spark the Electric Jester is an action platformer in the vein of Sonic and Kirby, and contains elements of both those and of Megaman and ([un]surprisingly) Dragonball. Zip around with your dash, utilizing Kirby-esk power ups to battle the revolutionist robotic uprising and get back at your rival FARK for stealing your job! After completing the main story you will get a Time Attack mode that allows you to replay the levels and another story (which I have yet to complete). This game features hours of play time and consists of the same replayability the titles that influenced it do. This is not surprising as the developer is the same one who developed the acclaimed fan games Sonic: Before the Sequel and After the Sequel.Pros:-Fast paced platforming with tons of availible routes and plenty of exploration opportunities.-Kirby style power ups, allowing for varied play styles. I have yet to find a useless power.-A large variety of enemies and obsticles to overcome.-Reasonable difficulty without being too easy.-Fun and interesting boss battles.-Simple yet entertaining story.-Kamehameha! (Or Galic Gun, if that's your preference. I ain't attack-ist)-Great soundtrackCons:-The game currently has some varied performance issues. Milage may vary.-Some of the obsticles feel like they needlessly punishing in their placement. Mostly a nit-pick.-Boss difficulty varies a bit too widely. Some bosses were far too easy, while others felt like health sponges. Overall, not bad but could be improved.Even with the current issues people (including myself) have been having, I find myself drawn into this game. The colorful landscapes and interesting mechanics make this feel like a 16-bit era game all grown up. I would highly recommend this to anyone that grew up playing Kirby or Sonic, and would still give the thumbs up to people who enjoy platformers as a whole.8/10 But easily a 9 with just performance fixes."
,Recommended,601810,31349107,Posted: 24 April,all,Mygames19,"A Kirby game in Sonic's Clothing--------------------------------------Spark the Electric Jester is a momentum based platformer with a heavy focus on combat and flow. It is easy to see the comparisons to Sega's famous Sonic the Hedgehog or the recent indie gem Freedom Planet. After all, Sparks' movement and flow is very familar to those who have seen or played either game. What sets Spark apart is in it's tone and mechanics. Spark may walk the walk, but in the finer details the games' design borrows heavily from the Kirby series. Our hero aquires an assortment of power-ups throughout the game. Each of these power-ups have different strengths and weaknesses that you can use to defeat the bosses, mini-bosses and enemies you enounter in each stage. For a momentum based platformer, The stage designs have a heaver focus on flat, cornered platforms, with most of the slopes used for spectical sequences. The theatrical elements tend to also be similar to kirby, with the main campaign being realatively easy, a stage / miniboss flip flop, and a darker tone as you get closer to the end of the game.In that sense, I think those who like Kirby will probably find a lot to like here... if you can stomach the momentum based movement and tonal differences. I think generally the two styles complement each other in a way that makes Spark stand out from it's cousin, Freedom Planet. The developer has clearly put some time into figuring out how to translate one into the other, and while I wouldn't say it always works, it is generally a very fun mash up of ideas. Those who have played the game tend to find prefference in different power-ups from each other and different paths throughout each level. I personally greatly enjoyed the cross of old ideas with a few new ones. While I think Freedom Planet is the better game, there is no reason Spark should not be remembered and generally I recommend it.That being said, there are some issues to be aware of. Skilled players, like with Kirby, will probably find the gametooeasy, and only find challenge after the main campaign is complete. They may also find it shallow, as (again) like with Kirby, there is clear (and dilibrate) best powers for movement and combat. However the true failings come in the games tone. Kirby is very charming and you can tell a lot of time went into polishing each title in the franchise. Fepardtriesto go for his own charm, but due in part to design shortcuts and poor writing, tends to fall flat on it's face. It makes it harder to forgive the game when technical problems arrise. Which is a shame as there really is a good game here, but I think the technical issues will deturr people from giving this game a closer look or recommending it to others.I reccommend that people at least give this game a fair shake. It has a quite enjoyable mix of two familar franchises plus a bit of it's own style that creates a memorable if not a bit fallable title that in my opinion is worth adding to your collection."
,Recommended,601810,33232274,Posted: 4 July,all,218henrique,"I just simple enjoyed playing this game, the soundtrack is really catchy, controls are good, as Sonic 2 and 3 style, so yeah, I need to finish this... hahahahahaha xD"
,Recommended,601810,31084314,Posted: 11 April,all,Cirom,"A fun little Sonic-Kirby hybrid platformer. Wind is overpowered and Electric Bat is far too rare for its own good, but other than that I have no real issues with it! (Well, apart from the ~50-55 FPS I get anyway, but apparently that's a Windows 10 problem)"
,Recommended,601810,31080396,Posted: 11 April,all,SyZ | KaizoShadowX,"This game is perfecto, but goiung up loops and slowing down that much feels kinda off. Dispite that the game is awsome!"
76561198079373461,Recommended,601810,32626191,Posted: 21 June,all,CoolCove,This game was great! It mixes Sonics level design with Kirby's power ups and the movement of Mega Man X
,Recommended,601810,31073351,Posted: 10 April,all,Digitall33t,"This game rules! After Lake Feperd's successful Sonic Fan-Games, his new original title does not disappoint! The battles are top-notch and the stages are so varied and with many extra paths and cool and unique hazards! I am loving it so much!!!"
76561198025442533,Recommended,601810,33305862,Posted: 6 July,all,Poon,"So I started following Spark in its early stages after learning the creator of Sonic BTS+ATS was working on his own game. I sorta forgot about it after playing the alpha, and with little fanfare, it came out shortly after. I'm surprised it hasn't recieved very much recognition since its release, given that Lake's previous work was pretty popular, but I'm sure somebody from the youtube community will eventually spread the word. Anyway, review time:THE GAMEis overall pretty fun. Others have accurately pointed out that it's a game with momentum-based platforming, kirby powerups strewn about the levels, and a bit of Freedom Planet combat. Also included is a dash button that MOSTLY helps to build and maintain speed, but more on that in a moment. This game definitely did a good job of tiding me over while I wait for Mania/FP2, though I think it lacks enough polish to compete with the othergamesgame of its type. I'd recommend it to anybody who likes going fast or is a fan of a certain blue meme machine.PROS+ Given all of the musicians who worked on Spark, the soundtrack was of course going to be amazing. Many of the tracks stuck with me after completing the game, and I'd totally recommend checking out the album on Bandcamp or just following the musicians on their respective soundclouds etc.+ Spark's art is overall really nice. I think Lake does a great job of illustrating scale with each stage's backround, and I especially like how much bustle there is in the more urban stages; it really feels like the levels aren't just empty racetracks to run around. Some of the levels are a little clown-vomity, but more color works better than less in retro games.+ I love all of the little references here and there, like the Mushroom Hill-style shrooms, the lava stuff and trains from BTS/ATS, and the DNA beams and the giant teal death-laser from Freedom Planet.CONS- I love the idea of access to a bunch of different powerups, and while some of them were fun to use, I thought a lot of them were not that great. I ended up racing through a lot of the game with the board power, mostly because both its vertical and horizontal are pretty insane, and I kept the knight power for all the bosses. I liked a select few others like the baton and the aptly-named ""edgy"" power, but some of the others that lacked mobility seemed inferior to the knight's damage and OP shield. Additionally, I felt like we got an overload of powerups towards the beginning of the game and there weren't that many towards the end, which made me more inclined to just hang onto the two I had. I liked some of the level-specific interactions they had, like walking on lava with the fire powerup, and I wish there were more of those to coax players into trying out different ones.- Without a score-system, killing enemies is pretty much a waste of effort. They occasionally drop health, but I found that just jumping over everything was a lot easier than potentially losing life by sticking around to kill all of them.OTHER STUFF• The dash mechanic is fun to use, but it doesn't seem to do anything whatsoever when spammed on flat surfaces; you only gain more speed when mashing it while going down slopes. I suppose its main purpose is to gain some momentum from a standstill as well as going uphill.• The bossfights are occasionally a bit wonky. The first few guys are same-y and pretty much die instantly, though the later bosses do get more interesting. The Kerana Forest boss was the only one that I died to more than once, mostly because some of Spark's attacks push him off the side of the map.I thought the Fark fight was cool, but a little underwhelming. Also, the final boss was difficult until I figured out you could just cheese him by flying above him with that spin-attack for most of his sequences.• Filling the revive-gauge-thing takes a long time, and I only ever used it once. I guess it was a cool mechanic, but I didn't get much use out of it. Without lives, I'm not sure what else you could implement anyway.• One of the reasons the game doesn't feel polished (for me) is the general buggy-ness that occured during my first playthrough. On the second part of the Smog City level, I somehow flung myself into a gigantic empty void that ultimately led to the bottom of the level, which wasn't programmed to kill you. Not sure if it was part of the level, but I didn't come across it again. Other kinda annoying glitches include losing momentum in pipes that launch you around by getting hit by stray projectiles and the weirdness that comes along with dashing.• I didn't have any problems with the framerate, but I usually play 2D platformers on a keyboard because I'm a weirdo and I think only controller people had issues.• I guess the cutscenes were alright, though quite clearly low-budget. They get the job done, and we don't have to deal with questionable voice actors.IN CONCLUSIONThe game isn't perfect, but it still holds its own; after all, you get to run fast through colorful stages and smash stuff. The fighting mechanics work well in this game, as bossfights where your only attack is to jump can get boring or even trivial if not executed correctly (see Sonic CD). I wish there were more developers in the momentum-based 2D platforming market, but I guess people are still worried of accusations of creating another sonic clone, even though we really didn't see anything of the sort years after the sonic games of the pre-2000s. Hopefully this game and Freedom Planet are proof enough that people still want retro platformers of this sort, and maybe someday we'll get a wave of new developers who are willing to expand the currently limited supply of games in this sub-genre."
76561198142051895,Recommended,601810,33242926,Posted: 4 July,all,The X-Factor,"Yeah, there is a lot of Sonic elements. But there is just as much Kirby in here as well.Multiple abilities that change how you play - CheckA mode that alows you select any of the abilities at any time that is blatantly called ""Wishes Mode"" - CheckA fairly easy main story with incredibly difficult extra content. - Check.Demonic special bosses - CheckYou can't tell me Kirby wasn't a big inspiration in this game.(The special bosses are a bit tame on the demonic side compared Kirby to be honest)"
76561198190365458,Recommended,601810,31593161,Posted: 6 May,all,christhewall,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. Many people state that this title suffers from technical issues however I've yet to experience any beyond a short dip in frames that lasted for a few seconds a couple times in my playthrough. Far from anything to worry about.Pros- Great variety to gameplay with multiple jester styles that all play very differently with their own strengths and weaknesses- Excellent retro game style soundtrack, hype sonic style music all day.- Levels have a good flow to them and have a variety of paths for variety. They seem well crafted overall and arevery unique to one another- Decent length, about as long as freedom planet factoring out cutscenes- Has a second story mode as a different character, adding to replay valueCons- Rare frame drops (in my playthrough) The severity of this issue however is varied between users, of windows 10 mainly, as some people get it down to 10 fps for almost half the game. There are work arounds that require the use of a second controller or for you to play on the keyboard. A bit of a pain, but the game is work it overall.- Story is nothing to write home about. It's fun, it's short, but with how much the gameplay stood out, I wish there was a little bit more to it.Overall, I'm very glad I gave this game a shot despite the scary warnings people were giving."
,Recommended,601810,31192809,Posted: 16 April,all,The Deuce,"Spark is a ridiculous mashup of Genesis-era Sonic's level design, Kirby Superstar's smorgasboard of options, and Mega Man Zero's tight boss battles and combat. In a nutshell, it's an incredible game made by an incredible developer, falling just short of perfection due to some faults in its engine.Spark is fast-paced and engaging every step of the way. You can build up to incredible speeds if you know what you're doing, and most abilities give you the opportunity to go even faster. Very few enemies overstay their welcome, only getting bulky towards the end of the game, and the bosses are fast and furious. The levels are designed to segment high-speed action and precise platforming, though, which is where Spark excels - you'll have to earn your best time.There's a huge variety of abilities, and often a powerful ability can be found squirreled away in an alternate path. What ties it all together is the option to swap between two abilities, letting you focus on mobility, combat or other capabilities as you please.The story is quick and dirty. It's serviceable, it's enjoyable, and it doesn't get in your way. The characters are well-written and endearing. And you can skip every single cutscene. Hell, I accidentally skipped the credits.The music is easily the best part of Spark. Every single stage has a track that'll get into your head, and there's a nice variety of boss themes. Keep an ear out for Fark's theme - it makes that battle all the more exciting.All this said, it can be awkward to change keyboard controls, which is no fault of the game - you'll need to go into the menu when you boot it up and bring up another window.If I had to levy a specific criticism to the game, and this is a personal preference, I feel like not enough of the level is visible at once. That's not something unique to Spark, I just feel that makes it harder to react to what's coming up ahead at high speed. Your preference may vary.Buy Spark."
,Recommended,601810,31093289,Posted: 12 April,all,Dio Brando,"From the genius who brought you Sonic Before the Sequel, After the Sequel and Sonic Chrono Adventure comes an wonderful new original game.IT'S SPARK THE ELECTRIC JESTER!!!In all honesty tho, its a great game. everything is lovely about it. It's pretty much what would happen if you placed Sonic, Kirby and Megaman X all in a blender.While I didn't kickstart it, I have been following it for a long time and I'd reccomend you play the demo first if you are interested in buying it to see whether it fits your fancy. The Gameplay is entertianing and fast paced, the Art is stunning and vibrant and the music is GORGEOUS.It's not perfect but it's pretty damn close for a game developed by one guy and a bunch of musicians.If you are interested in his other works, play the fan games I mentioned above. You won't regret it."
76561198171146837,Recommended,601810,33199708,Posted: 3 July,all,evawdnuoScimotA,"I love this game, it has much variety in abilites and I don't really see frame rate drops much, not enough to spoil it.I suggest if you like 2d platformers you must have this 1."
,Recommended,601810,31423622,Posted: 28 April,all,king of all religions,"This is a game I have been anticipited for since the very beginning of this game's development. When I got to buy the full product, I was not dissapointed at all by standards. Whether it be the visually appealing art direction, the fun levels that have a sick soundtrack attached to them, or the tons of content after you complete the main campaign.You play as Spark, an electric jester who has lost his job from a robot named Fark. The main story isn't all that exciting or promising. It's supposed to be related to a cartoon-like aspect, where nothing makes sense or nothing connects at all. Later on, you play as Fark after you complete the main campaign. His story is like a continuation of Spark's. What is different about Fark is that most of his levels have different level design, he has fewer health, more bosses, and he has the ability to parry.One of my many strong points with this game come in with the levels. These levels have some of the most beautiful, vibrant, aesethic tiles and backgrounds I have seen since Freedom Planet. The level design is reminiscent around 16-bit platformers similarily to the correspondence of Sonic the Hedgehog, Kirby Super Star, and Mega Man X. The levels have thrilling high-speed and a lot of action to flow with it. The bosses you fight are pretty related to Kirby bosses in terms of how you kill them and they are cycled. In each level, there are Mega Man and Kirby like powerups, I think these are more like Mega Man powerups considering that you can switch them quickly and that you do not get them from an enemy while this is the opposite in Kirby games. There are about 13 powerups in this game and all of them are fun to play with.Another aspect I enjoyed about this game is the upbeat and catchy soundtrack this game delievers. This game's soundtrack is ear harmony and fantastic. I have not been dissapointed with a single track in this game, as they are all excellent and memorable. Without question, my favorite track in the whole game is definitely Kerana Forest. The soundtrack team comes from the developer's previous outings with Sonic Before and After the Sequel.My only issues are with some of the levels having oddball level design and that the bosses aren't too special and can be killed quite easily. However, these did not affect the charming experience I had with this game.I can't say much more since I listed the main points about the game. Overall, I had a great time playing Spark the Electric Jester, and I continue to play it. I would recommend this game to people enjoy platformers from the golden age. This game has a lot to offer, visually, sound wise, and in content. For those who had performance issues, I never really had any performance issues at all, but since I'm on Windows 7 and most people are on Windows 10, I'm not sure if that fixes it. So in conclusion, Spark the Electric Jester is an outstanding gem, and I would give a  9/10."
,Recommended,601810,31249040,Posted: 19 April,all,Agents Game Power,"Video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzPGFf1eNa4Transcript:While Sega has been dragging its heels in giving Sonic fans a new true 2D installment of their Sonic The Hedgehog franchise, fans clearly influenced by the little blue ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥’s legacy have stepped up in recent years to assuage the urges of Sonic fans by creating their own Sonic The Hedgehog fan games and derivatives.To be truthful, I have never been a huge fan of Sonic The Hedgehog. I have always respected the original game and its sequels, however. Sonic games were always enjoyable to read about in Electronic Gaming Monthly and GamePro magazine back in the early-to-mid 1990s when new Sonic games were being produced and released on a Call of Duty -- I mean -- yearly basis. Sonic games were colorful, they were cute, they were fast, they were different. From time-to-time I’d play a Sonic game, absorb some enjoyment from it, then shelve it again. It is a ritual I’ve upheld for many years.A couple weeks ago during a sale I purchased Sonic CD. “Why not?, I thought. Sonic CD is the one 2D Sonic game I enjoyed the most out of them all.”Unfortunately, I learned right after purchasing it, that Sonic CD doesn’t play well on my 144hz monitor. There is a limitation in the game that causes Sonic, and everything else in the game, to move too fast on monitors with refresh rates over 60Hz. I could probably fix the issue by creating a compatible Nvidia profile for the game, but I really hate having to prep games to work properly. If a game requires more than a double-click to play, or requires an external profile to work properly then that is usually enough to cause me play something else. I have plenty of games in my Steam library to play that don’t require user hacks to function.A week ago while browsing Steam’s New Releases I noticed a very retro-looking title named Spark The Electric Jester. At first glance I thought it was a port of a 16-bit era title. Although on closer inspection I learned the game was a new title inspired by games of that era.So I decided to give it a spin.Spark The Electric Jester is, unabashedly, a Sonic The Hedgehog clone but it takes influence from other classic platformers as well. Spark’s own Kickstarter page makes references to Mega Man X and Kirby Super Star as also being influences in its design.As mentioned before, the game has Sonic’s DNA all over it. Spark The Electric Jester’s environments even look as if they were constructed by the same environment building crews that crafted the world of Sonic The Hedgehog: The loops are familiar as are the bouncy things (yeah, I’ve seen those before); many of the enemies look like they could have lost family members to Sonic’s attack moves in a Sonic The Hedgehog game. The sounds, the music, all of it would fit well in a Sonic title.Instead of Sonic The Hedgehog, though, the player controls Spark The Electric Jester. Spark and Sonic could themselves be closely related if not for the fact one is a hedgehog and the other is a collection of charged particles with eyes. So while they may look alike, and both run really fast, they do have their differences.Unlike Sonic, Spark, the character, can play very differently depending on which “form” he assumes. Spark can choose which forms to retain by collecting special items placed throughout the levels. Two forms can be retained at a time and the player can toggle between them at willBesides Spark’s standard form there is Mage, Knight, Magical, Fire, Edgy (no, he doesn’t throw Hitler memes), Cool, Wind, Hammer, Bat, Sword, Archer and Board.Each form Spark assumes modifies a characteristic of his movement or attack; Spark in his standard form attacks with a basic attack arc. Spark in Knight form attacks using a far-reaching lance. Archer Spark fires projectile arrows, Board Spark uses a hoverboard to move really, really fast, and etc. Additionally, Spark’s standard attack can be charged by holding the attack button for a period of time then releasing it to create an even more potent attack.These forms also have special attack maneuvers and characteristics players can exploit. In Knight form Spark can charge his lance and lunge across the screen in a devastating jousting  attack at his enemies or he can utilize Cool form to freeze and walk on water like Jesus. There is even a special attack called Blue Balls Spark can execute in Sword form.Yes, Spark has blue balls.It is nice to have a lot of variety in forms Spark can assume, especially when each form has its own unique moves and characteristics. But often it seems like there is little reason to use one form over another outside of just personal preference. In any form, most enemies can be defeated by simply spamming the attack button. Therefore executing form-specific special moves, like Blue Balls, is often just embellishment.And that brings me to the game’s difficulty. Spark The Electric Jester is not a very difficult game. I made it to the end of the fifth stage before I lost my first life.Usually, if it takes me that long to lose a life in a platformer, that would sound the game’s death knell for me. I would shelve it for its lack of challenge.Spark can take about 7 hits from a hazard or enemy before he dies. And since there are health pickups everywhere, and enemies can drop them after they’re defeated, staying alive is a relatively easy affair. Even the bosses are not that difficult to defeat, many of them can be beaten simply by hitting the attack button quicker than the boss can drain Spark’s health bar. Sometimes you can even get behind a boss and spam attack him to death without losing any health.Most standard enemies take a couple hits to defeat and many pose a threat only if the player runs into them. Some enemies are just destructible hazards with no attack routines. Some fire projectiles, while a few enemy types will pursue the player until they are destroyed.With that said, I don’t feel my time playing Spark was wasted. While I would have enjoyed a challenge, Spark has other qualities that made it worth my time.The 16-bit pixel art graphics are charming and the player movement is solid. Spark’s movement can be controlled with the left analog stick or the D-Pad on a compatible controller. The game’s environments are varied, every stage has its own unique tileset and there are 15 stages in total. Each stage is fairly large with several checkpoints scattered throughout.For a game that is fairly easy, Spark still took about 12 hours to complete. After completion, Time Attack mode is unlocked and another character’s storyline, a character named Fark, becomes available from the New Game menu. The second storyline allows players to replay the game as Fark. Since Fark can absorb fewer hits than Spark can before dying, playing as this character makes the game a bit more difficult.The game’s music was fitting and enjoyable, with the music for stage 2 being my favorite track. Generally, the soundtrack is very Sonic-like with groovy high-tempo rock beats. Some songs even have a bit of a 1980s, easy-listening pop music vibe to them.So, despite the game having a fairly low skill ceiling, it does offer other qualities to keep the player engaged.Overall, Spark the Electric Jester is a charming and enjoyable game. Spark’s story lacks considerable challenge, however, but it does offer 15 lengthy stages to explore and play around in."
,Recommended,601810,31071574,Posted: 10 April,all,𝑀𝒾∂ηιgнт ℓσcкє,"𝓣𝓱𝓮 𝓗𝓲𝓼𝓽𝓸𝓻𝔂 𝓪𝓷𝓭 𝓜𝓪𝓰𝓲𝓬 𝓸𝓯 𝓛𝓸𝓻𝓭 𝓛𝓪𝓴𝓮 𝓪𝓷𝓭 𝓢𝓹𝓪𝓻𝓴I haven't even begun, and I already know the gem that Lord Lake has created for us here today. I have been following Lake for the longest time to know the way he does things. It all started with Sonic Before The Sequel, a game that really fulfilled the Sonic fan base’s dreams, and still holding up today, and in my book as the second greatest Sonic game in existence, the first being, well we'll get to that... This game had it all, and the polish and magic of the classic era that Sega has once abandoned, but with his own twist. The physics and gameplay completely catered to the true fans, and the music was nothing short of amazing, like always. The story served as the prequel to Sonic 2, explaining in a quite cute and very creative cut scene fashion, with expressions, explaining the creation of the Death Egg, and how Sonic and Tails have come face to face and all.  Everything about this game was completely unique and done in a fashion like no other. The Sonic community completely exploded when they saw the talent that Lake had, and the things he can do right of the bat, and this was his first fan game (At least that I knew of). Of course, the hype didn't last too long, even though this guy deserves the biggest medal. This is when Lake decided he was going to go all out. When I had heard of a follow-up, my heart completely jumped in excitement, like that one Christmas gift that you had always wanted as a child and it had lain in front of your eyes. Sonic after the Sequel, this is by far the greatest thing in creation, rumor has it that Lake is a decedent of god and has brought this masterpiece to all fans alike. To others this would be the icing on the cake, but to me, this was the cake itself. Sonic after the Sequel is the greatest Sonic game in my book, and not for no reason, this game was the reason I have become inspired to take the path of game creating myself. It never hit me as well as this. This game even changed the way I saw the world as a whole, and it is on that level of magic. Right of the bat you'll already be stunned by the work Lake puts in his game, as it completely takes you by surprise, 10 magical levels, each with three acts each and a boss. Each level is unique in its own way, and will completely take you by surprise. Complete with its own enemies, and stage element that the stage is revolved around, instead of the other way around, which is the mistake that many other games make, but Lake has it down to a tee. In one level you'll find yourself getting quite hyper off of sugar, serving as a speed boost to get you to new heights, in another level you'll find yourself with a fire shield, allowing you to swim through molten lava with ease, and my favorite level, Technology Tree Zone, this takes you to a paradise, much like chemical plant, but without the metropolitan atmosphere, and more comparable to a soothing walk in the park filled with neon lights. AND HOT DAMN, THE MUSIC HAS TO BE ONE OF THE GREATEST IN ANY GAME IN EXISTANCE! I can say, I have listened to the soundtrack a FEW HUNDRED TIMES, i'm beginning to wonder if it has reached a thousand yet. Lake's soundtrack team gives Undertale a run for thier money. Hell, Lord Lake himself does. I didn't even mention the many easter-eggs that appear in this game, ranging from Kirby, to Mega-Man, and a special one that features a shout out to GalaxyTrail. This game has even served as a stress reliever, as I would play it whenever something would beat me down, or make me feel inadequate, it would help me combat life again. If you don't believe me, try it yourself, You would also see the return of the beautiful cut scenes, but in more insane detail, completely crisp, and smoothly animated. I find myself obsessive with Sonic after the Sequel, even to the point where I would make it my theme for everything I have or do. It is that good. Lord Lake would then go on to create his own follow-up, and this didn't follow the formula of the traditional Sonic game, but instead, a new take. This is pretty much the base of how Spark started, and in many ways, you can call this the official Beta, since it has a similar combat/platform style that he would later carry on into Spark. This game is known as Sonic Chrono Adventure, and it's a hellova game. It is more RPG based, and the level design is broken up into sections. Of course, it retains most of the magic that After The Sequel had, and this time, complete with a unique story never before seen, and this game was enjoyable as hell, and hella refreshing, since I was quite hungry for another follow-up. Lake decided that it was best to take the magic he had, and create his own game with this, as he couldn't really feed his family off of fan games, so we would have to say goodbye to the gifts Lord Lake has given us... IN RETURN FOR A GREATER GIFT, DAMN! I've been following Spark from the beginning, and sadly, I haven't been able to donate during the 15 day , but I would've donated a few hundred, because this game is literally the greatest in existance. When I played the first ever demo, those Sonic After The Sequel vibes were apparent, it took me back to 2013, and this felt like the true successor. It had it all, plus more. A refined combat system that has been taken over from Chrono Adventure, countless powerups, all with thier own unique twist and sparkle, and THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC MUSIC. Maestro Lake has done it again. I would go out of my way to catch his streams that he has done, and observe as he blessed us with all of this content, as I would jump out of my seat. I began to grow quite guilty that I didn't give to Lord Lake when I had the chance, and so, I will buy countless copies until I become broke, because this guy deserves every penny of my money, for charming me for so many years to come, and for changing my life for the better, Lord Lake, if you get this message, still continue to spread your magic throughout the world, and claim your title as the greatest indie creator on earth."
,Not Recommended,601810,31194525,Posted: 17 April,all,X-hog,"Others have been having frame rate issues with Windows 10 but even on Windows 7, it runs at an average of 10 FPS. The game looks great and the creator has made some outstanding fangames in the past but unfortunately, this game has been badly optimized and is not worth buying until these problems are fixed."
,Recommended,601810,31070780,Posted: 10 April,all,Mark447,Do you like Sanic and Kirby with some new♥♥♥♥♥♥includedThen you'll LOVE Spark the Electric Jesterbuy this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,601810,31662218,Posted: 10 May,all,godzillarules9310,Spark the Electric Jester is a high speed platform game starring the titular character Spark wh---What?They....took his job?THEY TEWK HIZ JAWB?DEY DEWK IZ JAWB!!DAY DURKIDURR!!!!
,Recommended,601810,31194489,Posted: 17 April,all,nbnt,Best Sonic game since Freedom Planet
,Recommended,601810,31148396,Posted: 14 April,all,Chauden,"The good:Fast and fun gameplay.A (effing) lot of power-ups.A fusion of Sonic+Megaman+Kirby.Fun (even if a bit strange) characters.Huge levels, and I mean really huge.Very good art and music.Interesting bosses.The bad:The game is way too easy.Power-ups are unbalanced: some are way too good, others not so much.Unstable Framerate even on a powerful PC.Some people are suffering with crashes/bugs (I haven't had any so far).Overall:If you like 2D platformers and pixel art, buy it for sure."
,Recommended,601810,33430282,Posted: 10 July,all,Lummy,it gud
76561198106610936,Recommended,601810,31123153,Posted: 13 April,all,marius_redandblue,"Spark TEJ is not a perfect game by any means, but the sheer fun factor and replayability you get from the huge levels, coupled with power ups that each have it's own strength and use, puts it above so many other platformers for me. And the music is just too good for this world.If you enjoy platformers, especially the fast paced ones like Sonic The Hedgehog, Rayman Origins/Legends and Freedom Planet, you'll feel right at home with this one."
76561198345888772,Recommended,601810,33817708,Posted: 26 July,all,TheSuperiorMemes,"Honestly I love this game, so many power ups to choose from, AMAZING music, the Kirby, Megaman, and Sonic type playstyle. I can just go on and on so if you're on my friends list or HELL just someone on steam please try this game out."
76561198023310372,Recommended,601810,33920157,Posted: 30 July,all,Aqua Snake,"Simple.  If you like the old Sonic Games, you'll love this game."
76561198057802039,Recommended,601810,31397392,Posted: 27 April,all,Digihuman,"""A game worthy of being called Classic material""Note: As of writing this, I am only on Level 7. As such, views and thoughts expressed in this are subject to change.UPDATE 27/04/17: I am now on level 10, and those 3 levels have been enough to change my opinion on some things.Ahem.Alright, so, where do I begin?I was introduced to this game via a youtube video and the gameplay I saw was immediately captivating, so much so that I rushed to buy it straight away.Spark the Electric Jester really does play like a classic sonic game when you get down to it. Of course, not a pure one. As many have stated, it does derive some influence from another classic; Mega Man. In particular, Mega Man X. In addition to your standard run, jump, and attack, you can dash and wall-jump (though it's not quite as abusable as it was in the Mega Man X series).Scattered throughout each level are power-ups, which you can use to change how you play. I have no clue exactly how many there are, but each one feels distinctly unique.Now, enough blabbering; I should get down to the raw explanations:THE GOODThe level design for the most part is quite solid, allowing for smooth and fast runs for those who want to rush through a level, as well as open enough for those who want to explore.The music, while not memorable in any case, is pleasant while playing.The power-ups each feel unique and useful in different ways, and being able to switch between 2 at any time is handy and adds an element of strategy.The story does not become intrusive; gameplay takes priority.There is no lives system; you can die as much as you like.Your HP can be easily recovered thanks to life tanks lying around, making it less of a hassle to be hit and you don't end up scurrying around desperately like you would in a sonic game.THE BADThe way power-ups are replaced does not seem that obvious. Sometimes you want to keep a particular power only to have it replaced when you grab a new one. Again, some explanation may be good.THE ""EH?""As mentioned previously, none of the music tracks are particularly memorable. While they are all great to listen to, the lack of recognisability is somewhat unfortunate.If you don't read the synopsis about the game being about Spark losing his job due to a robot takeover, the story doesn't quite make as much sense as you'd think - a bit like if, in classic games, you might not know the plot if you didn't read the manual. Not really that important but I thought I'd mention.ConclusionOverall, so far I'm really enjoying this game. It brought back a feeling of fun and nostalgia I haven't experienced in over a decade, since I played Sonic the Hedgehog 3. It may have somewhat rekindled my love for retro-style games, a genre I've generally avoided until now.All in all, I really like it, and hope to see more!"
,Recommended,601810,31133808,Posted: 14 April,all,Jamie the Sheep,"Click here for Video ReviewWritten Review: (WARNING TRY A DEMO FIRST BEFORE PURCHASE)Spark the Electric Jester is a Sonic-Like 2d side scrolling platformer in which you must control the electric jester Spark (hence the title of the game) through a number of Zones to destroy all the robotic foes that lay before him as he works to get his job back.The gameplay itself is best described as a fusion of Kirby and Sonic the hedgehog, with the base gameplay sporting fast paced levels filled with loops, hills and enemies while the gameplay hook that differentiates this from sonic comes in the form of the combat mechanics and the powers that Spark is able to pick up.Combat itself works much more similarly to the likes of freedom planet, where enemies must be actively attacked to be taken out, so you are simply unable to kill mooks by booping them on the head the traditional way. Every power up you collect will greatly modify your abilities, offering extra maneuverability options in some cases, adding new moves you can attack with in other cases, and even charge up moves that can be used by holding down the attack button for a few seconds.As you attack enemies you may notice a blue gauge fill up, when this reaching maximum you can activate your charge attack to usually perform a devastating strike. Take the Edgy power for example in which you can do extreme damage to all enemies on screen or bosses through the use of a “Chaos Blast” Style screen nuke attack.There’s quite a large variety of powers you can utilise here too, such as the Cold power that allows you to slip by enemies at a fast pace, perform a beyblade attack or even run and freeze the surface of water.You are able to hold two of these powers at any given time, and switch out between the stock power and the one currently active at the press of a button, so if you stumble across something hard hitting as well as a separate more maneuverable power, then you don’t need to pick and choose and have best of both types of play.The visuals in here are also pretty goddamn gorgeous, with stunning set pieces and magnificent sprite work.I have to specifically point out the soundtrack too which needless to say is quite possibly one of the best OST’s i’ve heard in a game in a good long time, there is not a single music track in this game I dislike, and all of them are set extremely high in quality and rightfully suit the level that they are set to. Heck i’d say the game’s worth a purchase on the soundtrack alone to be perfectly honest, the amazing gameplay is just a bonus to that.However this game is not terribly stable, and I believe that is largely to do with the game engine, as pretty much every game that runs on this engine I have had trouble with in the past, including the likes of Freedom Planet which eventually got patched to sort things out thankfully.My main PC with an i7-3770k, 8GB RAM and GTX 980 were flat out unable to run this game at any higher than 20 fps, making the game in my opinion flat out unplayable, this was rectified as I had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop nearby that thankfully could run the game, but even then I still had a lot of framerate issues constantly during the game. Although the laptop itself could be to blame for that.Ultimately the game is flat out phenomenal and I have next to no issues with the gameplay itself, however I recommend trying out the demo version of the game before purchasing just as a precaution to try it out, because I cannot guarantee the game will work as intended."
76561198078800581,Not Recommended,601810,31589753,Posted: 6 May,all,Entity,"Just played Spark's main campaign so far, but honeslty I don't know if I want to try the second campaign. It does have plenty of good aspects, like the controls are good, the powers are all cool, and trying out new ones is great. The bosses are all pretty solid (although there was one towards the end of the game with WAY too much health). However, the level design, OH the level design. Even though the majority of the aspects of the game are alright, the level design isn't fun, and it makes the entire game suffer greatly. At first it's pretty alright, but as the game goes on it just becomes a bland, repetitive mess with every level taking FOREVER. It just keeps going, and going, and going (I'M LOOKING AT YOU, DESERT LEVEL)! And it just gets worse and worse the farther you go. Although the later levels have more interesting gimmicks, they repeat the same kinds of challenges ad nauseum, so any fun the gimmicks could have provided gets wasted away, or at least wears out quickly. The game doesn't really have much idea of challenge progression, and kind of throws enemies just wherever without much thought, it feels. Especially towards the end, where the final levels literally just throw hoards of all of the strongest enemies at you in straight, bland rooms. The game literally enemy spams like Freedom Planet did with its final levels, where the only legitimate way to get through is to just run past everything and tank hits until you make it through. In fact I'm pretty sure that was the intented way to get through it. Because it'll do stuff like make you fight a miniboss enemy to progress that takes a while to kill, and then immediately after throw the same miniboss enemy with the same health everywhere in the stage as if they're normal enemies, along with tons of strong enemies all around them. It's insane. Another thing is the game has countless sections where nothing happens. Just long stretches of holding right / left where you go from one booster to the next, one loop to the next. It's literally modern Sonic hold right to win automatic sections. I thought the majority of Sonic fans hated those as they wasted your time, and were boring, but apparently Lake Feperd thought otherwise. These sections PLAGUE the game, and can be REALLY long!There's this weird thing with the boss health bars. The first bosses in the game have this huge health bar that reaches from one side of the screen to the other, however after a certain point all of the bosses start using this smaller health bar that's just on the bottom right, that takes like the same amount of time to deplete as the original health bars. It's a different design too. It's really weird. It's as if he changed the design of the health bars and forgot to change it for all of the bosses. I don't get it.There are two things in the second to final stage that made me bat an eye and go ""really?"" The game literally ripped some things off of Freedom Planet (another Sonic-style indie game). There's a turret enemy that shoots a wave laser like an enemy in freedom planet, and the laser literally has what seems to be the exact same graphic as the one in freedom planet. That, and there's giant lasers you have to periodically wait for before going through their firing path like the last level of freedom planet. That was kind of dumb to see, but there's not really anything else akin to this as far as I can tell.The writing is just okay. They try to be all snarky, but sometimes it just doesn't feel like actual dialogue from characters, and instead comes off as stuff the creator threw in just for the sake of being silly. It does land at times. Like more often than not Spark himself has some great dialogue, and is consistantly sarcastic, and detached from what's happening and the characters, while still being true to himself. But sometimes characters will just be like ""I like butts, okay. I have no idea why I was programmed to like butts"" and it's just... what. Like even though a character might be going ""what"" too, it still feels really out of place.The story is interesting. You start trying to get back your job, and as you progress you find out that there's a robot who has been reprogramming other robots to take over the world using this giant mega computer he's suppose to guard that was originally used to invent intelligent AI. It's interesting that you kind of have to discover what's really happening as you go, and it's a really cool concept that's executed decently.The game is good at world building. It never explicitly explains what the world is about, what happens in it, etc.. Instead it leaves those things to exist as part of the enviornments, and to be talked about in dialogue like people already know about it, and you just have to figure out and learn what's going on as you play. Like in the opening cinimatic thing when you start the game there's this interesting ring thing around the planet, and throughout the stages there's background elements referencing the planet's air circulation crisis. It turns out at the end of the game that there's a huge weather satellite that drives the air circulation of the planet, and the bad guy tries to blow it up as a last ditch effort in order to destroy the world. It gives you all of the pieces that the ring around the planet at the beginning is the weather satellite, and is the thing the bad guy is trying to destroy. The bad guy never explains that there's an air circulation crisis, or says things in ways a charater from this universe would never say. It gives you all of the information naturally.The graphics look flat. The sprites look fine otherwise actually, and the enviornment designs and character designs themselves are great overall, but the actual sprites don't have very much shading, mostly utilizing white shines than anything else. It can slightly mess with the perspective on some characters too. It's not too bad, and sort of has its own look, but it leaves something to be desired.The music is forgettable. The melodies just don't accomplish anything. They're fine enough when playing the stages, and I'm pretty sure the songs are fine on like all other aspects, but man I can't remember a single song other than the title screen theme.The cutscene art is THE DEFINITION OF STYLE CLASH!!! The sprites in the game don't really have outlines, but then all of a sudden the cutscene art has the THICKEST outlines. The cutscenes look like some kind of animation you'd find on YouTube too, with messy outlines, jankey animations, hardly any shading, and occasional pillow shading when it does. Also I remember an attack that the boss against Fark on a hovercraft had where he slammed the ground with a spontaneously appearing blue arm and fist that was the same style as the cutscene art, right against all of the completely different sprites. That was really bad looking.I really wish there was some kind of music jingle when you complete a stage or die. It's just silent, and it kind of just feels empty. It makes completing a stage less satisfying, and dying less impactful.There's some technical issues too. It seems to have the same problem that OG Game Maker has where if you plug / unplug a controller while the game is on it'll slow down to 2 fps, and the only way to fix it is to restart your computer. That, and it didn't recognize my PS4 controller anyway. That was irritating, but after restarting my computer, plugging my controller in beforehand, and using joy2key, I was fine. It also is really weird with fullscreen. I went into fullscreen during the opening animation where it zooms in on the planet, and it froze the display. And when I pause the game in full, it incorrectly sizes the pause menu over the screen, having it smaller than the actual game window, and being able to still see the paused game below and to the right of the pause menu.Overall, the game isn't worth $15. Spend your money elsewhere, like on Freedom Planet. That's a better Sonic-style game      :Y"
,Not Recommended,601810,32956882,Posted: 28 June,all,Outset,"After the release of Freedom Planet (one of my favourite games of all time) and the Sonic CD, 1 and 2 remasters, I had very high expectations of any title being worked on by a former Sonic fangame developer. This game came on my radar because the mastermind originally worked on critically acclaimed fangames like Sonic: Before The Sequel.Based on this, I decided to pick it up, and already something feels really off.First of all, let's start with the physics. The most important part of any mascot platformer is the physics and this game gets them completely wrong. Spark feels floaty, loses almost all of his forward momentum in a split second when he tries to run up steep hills, has trouble running up loops that aren't tiny, and often ends up in weird situations where he will end up jogging up or down a wall instead of sliding along it to walljump, or even start jogging on the ceiling - which is somehow even more physically impossible.On a related note to this, Stage 05's constant suggestions to 'GET DASHY' are quite comical, if you consider the fact that the only way to give Spark any decent momentum on hilly terrain or a loop is to spam the Dash button.Next are the various powerups that Spark can obtain in each level.The only one that really feels like an improvement to his basic moveset is the bat, which extends the reach of his attacks and allows him to do a rolling attack in the air. Other ones like Wind, Board and Mage feel like they significantly downgrade Spark's moveset and make him much harder to control.Charged attacks with the Wind powerup do no damage, but they have significant recoil, knocking you away when you charge up and unleash the attack. While this can be useful for gaining momentum, it requires you to constantly turn backwards so that you can exploit the recoil. Mage allows you to charge up and perform a Kamehameha wave, although it gimps your mobility significantly, makes Spark vulnerable to enemy fire, yet still deals very little damage. The board powerup allows Spark to move faster - something which would have been welcomed in his base form - but removes your ability to perform a charged attack.Finally, the level design is good in places, but is overall quite bad. Some levels force you to wait for slowly moving platforms, while others will have traps like spikes or springs at the end of a long corridor which you're supposed to run through. It's the classic 'trial and error' gameplay we saw in a lot of modern Sonic games where you're punished for running at breakneck speeds by having no time to react to obstacles in front of you. The best example of this is the end of Stage 3 right next to the goal. Couple this with framerate issues, and you have a recipe for disaster.However, to say something positive about the game, it does have a phenomenal soundtrack."
76561198005581388,Recommended,601810,31086308,Posted: 11 April,all,Cansin13,One of the best games you have ever made. The graphics are wonderful and the music is incredible.
,Recommended,601810,32680477,Posted: 23 June,all,Luffy,sonic the Jester 10/10
76561198097604260,Recommended,601810,33943455,Posted: 31 July,all,rileysonic,10/10
,Recommended,601810,34586985,Posted: 29 August,all,comer pantalones,"Very good game, I was very hyped for it! LakeFeperd and the crew have never disappointed."
76561198041006076,Recommended,601810,31309822,Posted: 22 April,all,Night,reminds me of when Sonic didn't suck ;)
,Recommended,601810,31869611,Posted: 20 May,all,SaltySquid,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING! Buy it now if you havent, or I shall kill your family!"
76561198108348149,Not Recommended,601810,32075314,Posted: 30 May,all,DanTheMan33088,"This is why I usually don't play PC games.  It seems at least 50% of them are poorly optimized.  I was really interested in this game after seeing an LP on it on YouTube, so I bought it, but when I turned it on, the game wouldn't let me use a controller, and the frame rate ran at 20-25 fps.  And I have a GTX 1070!!  Sorry, but I requested a refund.  It's a shame really, because this looks like a game that I would really enjoy.  But as of now, it's too buggy for me."
,Recommended,601810,31075214,Posted: 11 April,all,SpaZzy,sparks the electiric jester is irredimeble garbage what do u expcet from the guy that made sonic retro
76561198272554975,Recommended,601810,31261229,Posted: 20 April,all,FinalSB,"I don't usually review games but in this games case I feel it is necessary as it is new and not too well known.First of all (and I know I'm not the only person to say this ever in every review but) the soundtrack is brilliant. Now that that's out of the way I can say that I really enjoyed this game.If you're a fan of the old, 2D sonic games and/or kirby games in general, you ""should"" enjoy this game and I highly recommend it. If you don't, then why are you reading reviews for a game you know won't like? Either way, the platforming is fun, the gameplay is fluid and the controls are responsive. The powerups are varied and not one of them felt boring. Yes some of them are stronger than others *cough cough* Bat *cough cough* but that's to be expected in games like this. The story... well... it's there I guess? The story isn't very good but to be completely honest, I don't go into a game like this expecting a story like ""insert story rich game here"" so I suppose that's one thing the game could improve on. The game is much longer than I thought it would be as, despite having completed both Spark's and Fark's stories, I'm only halfway through the gamemodes so my playtime could more than double as after the first story, all subsequent modes are harder than the previous.The game runs very well (for me at least) apart from frame drops when a large boss is exploding, however, this may be intentional to add effect but I'm not positive. I have heard and read that some people have trouble running the game so I'd recommend buying the game, playing it to see if you have problems and if so, refund the game. Yes it's something the Dev should fix however I can't speak from personal experience so I'm not the best person to ask...Overall: Good, fun game. 9/10 would get my job back again"
,Recommended,601810,31288047,Posted: 21 April,all,PokemonRulz85,Awesome game.Some of the bosses a bit easy though. But It's a great successor to Sonic.
,Recommended,601810,31278443,Posted: 21 April,all,PKtheHedgehog,"The game has some huge flaws, so I'm going to get those out of the way first.Cons:- Erratic tone. Can't decide if it wants to be serious, stupid, or both. A game where the main character's *sole goal* shouldn't end with a battle that decides the fate of the world without building up to the climax. This game just jumps straight into the climax.- Performance issues. The game drops frames regularly, though it can be fixed.- It's WAY too easy, minus a few parts.Pros:- It's an absolute blast. The level design is incredibly varied, and the bosses are all incredibly unique (except the first 3).- Powerups galore! The powerups are the best part of this game. They all drastically change how you can play.- The soundtrack. Give it a listen on YouTube. I'd buy it if I could, but there doesn't seem to be a place where I can.- Perfectly transitions from platforming to combat. This is an issue I had with Freedom Planet (I guess the comparison was inevitable) where the jump from combat to platforming felt abrupt. But in Spark the Electric Jester, the transition feels completely natural."
,Recommended,601810,31296248,Posted: 22 April,all,WorKSimi,"Spark the Electric Jester is a fantastic platformer game. Different powers with their own abilities and attacks make the high-speed gameplay even more fun. Its awesome to experiment with all the powers. This game also has one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard, and even has amazing art to go with it. If you like Platformers, Sonic, or Kirby, you should try this game."
,Recommended,601810,31205261,Posted: 17 April,all,Zen | BDNation,"The true successor to Sonic the Hedgehog.great game to pick up while waiting for sonic mania.pro's: fun side scroller super speedy, feels like old school sonic games,con's: controller support are♥♥♥♥♥in win10, you will need to use a dual shock 4 and use a program called (DS4Windows) to make frames stabel and playable."
,Recommended,601810,31242190,Posted: 19 April,all,Primal Red,Probably the best game made by LakeFeperd.Probably one of my favorites by completing it full.
76561198041467102,Recommended,601810,31246514,Posted: 19 April,all,SmokeAttack,"+Controls well+Lots of power-ups+Great soundtrack+Not too difficult+/-There are so many levels, too many-Framerate problems toward the end of the game-Uninteresting and sometimes confusing story-I've heard this game is barely playable for some people"
,Recommended,601810,32669232,Posted: 23 June,all,Mrmariobros222,"Pros:*Good looking sprite animation and background.*Cool Character :P*Good gameplay.*Good Level desing.*Interesting Powerups and such. (Is kinda like Kirby and Sonic teamed up and that's how it is.)*intense and Unique Bosses.*Game is fast pace if you like that kind of stuff :)Cons:*You can sometimes get lost in a level even if it shows an arrow of pickups that you can have.*You can barely find any powerups in later levels to be able to use them for faster time and such. (but maybe is just me :P)*The performance depending on the hardware that any of us have can either go good, or incredibly laggy, especially on later levels. (even if you have very powerfull PC build)*The game kinda overstate the welcome on the stage like at one point you think you're at a level that sounds so intimidating and then when you beat it, you're suddenly somewhere in a sewer or a grassy peacefull place.Overall the game is great but i like it to be more optimized so that people can enjoy looking at the background while running fast at the speed of sound when ever you have a wind power-up to roll so that you can go fast, to even spam air dash to stay high in the air as possible for fast time on the level. The story is not bad, is just simple as, ""oh no i lost the job, gotta get my job back, but wait, theres something dangerous up ahead so maybe i should save the world as well"" kind of thing and it really makes you to learn the patterns on a attack if you have a hard time on a boss fight too. Although i recommend getting this game when is on sale or you know buy it at full price if you really want to support the creator by the name of ""LakeFeperd"" which is the same guy who made the Sonic After and Before the Sequel fan game that you can look it up online or on his youtube channel.Have a good Day/Night Folks :)"
,Recommended,601810,32799739,Posted: 25 June,all,jeffschmo,Fantastic game.  All the great parts and speed of Sonic stage design mixed with fun and useful abilities and great music to boot!  I'm already convinced Sonic Mania will not live up to this game.
,Recommended,601810,33155210,Posted: 2 July,all,nelostic,11 of 10!Wow this is Perfect Indie games!Best Physic!this game dont have  disadvantageswooooooooow!!!!!This is Best Sonic Like games!
,Recommended,601810,32174047,Posted: 4 June,all,Garrettcube,"The lag issue that plagued my version of the game has been fixed (somehow), and after 15+ hours put into this game I can safely say that Spark is well worth your time & money.Unfortunately, that lag issue is still there & the dev has said that he still doesn't know how to fix it, so if you're going to buy then be patient with the game (that's what I did at least, and the lag issue just disappeared completely for over a month now. Just don't have much/anything running in the background and i'm sure the game will still stay at a smooth framerate.).With that said, its time I finally give my thoughts on the game.PlotI am glad to say that this game has a good plot behind it. Spark's journey is all about getting his job back, and not really about saving the world from a robotic takeover. It has its humor & doesn't take itself too seriously (unlike another Sonic-inspired indie game...), which is really refreshing.PresentationThis game looks amazing. Character sprites are fluid & animated well, and the enviornments Spark travels through feel like big, fleshed-out areas of his world. Also, this game's soundtrack is PHENOMINAL!!! It has its Genesis callbacks, rhythmic basses, and anime battle themes galore, which gives this game a diverse soundtrack that's worth listening to, even if you've never played this game before. Overall this game presents itself really well.GameplayAs I've said with Freedom Planet, the game is almost entirely worth buying just for the gameplay alone, and this game is no exception. The control is very responsive & fluid with Spark's movement & attacks. Speaking of which, its time to actually talk about the game's protagonist. Spark can do quite a lot in this game. He can wall jump like Mario, dash like X (Mega Man X to be exact), and use copy abilities like Kirby. Also he can run like Sonic, but that was kind of a given since this game is obviously Sonic-inspired. The power-up system is diverse & provides great combat oppertunities for the player, which I for one enjoy. The only fault I have is with this game's stage design. Its either too confusing, to lengthy, or a mix of the two. It really makes the game drag on for far longer than it should. Besides that, this game is still worth its price.ConclusionSpark the Electric Jester is a fun game with a simple plot & a wonderful presentation to back it up. Despite its massive issue with lag, it is well worth your time if you can make sure it doesn't lag too much. I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a fun, action-packed game that's on par with Freedom Planet & Sonic the Hedgehog."
,Recommended,601810,33173614,Posted: 3 July,all,The_Ninjadillo,"I thnk Spark the Electric Jester is a bit of an interesting case. It's one of those games where youknowit's flawed, but you just can't bring yourself to dislike it.The game is an interesting blend of Sonic, Kirby, and a bit of Mega Man X. Although there may not be as many abilities as you'd find in a Kirby game, the amount provided is fine and the new gimmicks in each level keeps it from feeling monotous. And for this type of game, there's a quite nice number of levels, too, some of which can go on for over 10 minutes. Whether that's a good or a bad thing is up to you; I personally didn't believe it caused it to drag, but that's just myself.Another neat thing are the different modes. I don't want to spoil anything here, but there's some really neat unlockables that completely change the way the game is played, and if you felt the main campaign was too easy, you'll find what comes after to be much more difficult.But, as I said, the game is definitely flawed. There are typos galore, a completely broken timer on a certain stage, some framerate issues, and overall it feels like more polish could've been applied. Heck, at one point the game crashed after completing Stage 13 on the second campaign, which I'm not really sure how that happened.However, don't let that deter you. As I said, this is an incredibly enjoyable game if you can get past the flaws and I highly recommend playing it if you enjoy platformers. The artwork is great, the soundtrack is phenomenal (I'm literally listening to one of the songs right now), the gameplay is fast-paced fun, and there's a ton of replayability. I seriously recommend playing it."
76561198113523405,Recommended,601810,31454423,Posted: 29 April,all,Flatfoot148,"Sees this in a YouTube video, buys it that same morning... Yeah, this game caught my attention quick.So, where do I start...First off, this game is a really fun one, easily. There are many memorable levels and moments that just made me want to keep playing through to the end. The music, the powers, a lot of it is just charming.The story kind of threw me off, I'll admit. It does devolve into a ""take over the world"" story, but Spark himself? Jeez, you won't find anyone who loves what he does for a living more than that guy. I mean, at some points I forgot that Spark was just trying to get his job back, not to defeat the leader of a robot army. There's nobody more dedicated to his work than him that I've seen.Spark himself is just a charming character. He's got a solitary goal in mind, but that doesn't mean he doesn't have a personality. There are multiple character interactions he has with others that genuinely made me laugh. He'd outright have conversations with other bosses before they remembered they were supposed to fight to the death. While this may seem like a flaw to others, I find this good. But hey, to each their own.The gameplay, as I've summed up, is as if Sonic and Mega Man X had a kid, with Kirby as the babysitter. The levels are easily Sonic-esque, with Spark having abilities of X with his dash and Zero with the attacks. The Kirby aspect comes from the power-ups, or Jester Modes as I like to call them. We have about... Shoot, I lost count, DANG IT... Well, there's a bunch, put simply. Some of these, I have no idea if they were even TRYING to be subtle. The ""Edgy Jester"" has a ""Not-Chaos Blast"" for a charge attack, the ""Mage Jester"" with a ""Not-Kamehameha"" or ""Uni-beam"" as Somecallmejohnny calls it, and ""Magical Jester"" with a ""Not-Star Rod"" as a weapon.It may sound like I'm being negative there, but I'm not. I honestly like these references.Also, yeah, ""Edgy Jester"" is a thing. I like it.Level-wise, they offer multiple paths, encouraging exploration, which I like, but if you want to, they're good for speedrunners, too. I will admit they are on the long side, maybe about the same length as Freedom Planet, though I won't deny they have their charms. Each level offers their own gimmicks, which I felt was a nice touch, and they offer twists within those gimmicks, keeping them fresh.The bosses themselves aren't hard, but given the amount of them, it may take time to learn their attack patterns. Some bosses may give you a run for your money, though.The music is really good, coming from a guy that has Sonic After and Before the Sequel under their belt. I haven't heard the entirety of those soundtracks, but I got some major vibes from them; it's good stuff, from rock to electronic to fusion.Sunset Heights was definitely based on Technology Tree: Act 3, though, I think.I won't deny this game has flaws, though. The frame rate can be really odd at times, as well as some wierdo things that I didn't know was a thing. (Freakin' dying a second after I kill a boss, what the actual crap...)However, looking past this, while rough around the edges, Spark the Electric Jester is a really fun time, and I surely recommend this game for people who are looking for one. (Bonus story's cool, too, but the 3rd one is hard as ****.)I know I was rambling, but I had a lot to say. LakeFeperd, keep at it! You have some really good stuff here!"
,Recommended,601810,33597908,Posted: 16 July,all,TheComboAddict,"A really freaking awesome game that captures the great things about platformers from the 90s while offering a further degree of freedom and style. The game as said takes inspiration from 90s platformers and off the top of my head, there's a dash of Sonic, Kirby, Shinobi and Megaman X. You can definitely feel the sonic aspects found in the speed and stage design, the power up mechanics from kirby, wall slide and jumping from megaman x and shinobi, and then throws references to all sorts of games with the power ups (including shinobi on one of them.) I'd even say there's a reference to some fighting games as I noticed a move equivalent to Marvel vs Capcom 2 Guile's Somersault Kick. This isn't just in the moves either but sometimes the mechanics too.What's really cool is just how you can go through the stage multiple times not just for the alternate paths but to playthrough with different powerups. The power ups effect a lot of your movement options and sometime can be used in ways you wouldn't think to at first (like thinking a move is primarily for attacking but it's secondary purpose can be used creatively to cross a gap from the attack's forward momentum or upward boosting momentum.) There are times I literally want to go through a certain section a certain way and this game just literally incites me to alone through it's design.The music is pretty awesome too and quite catchy. It really captures the moment and matches well with each stage too. I couldn't be happier to listen to the soundtrack even on its own.The sprites are also pretty cool and some of the basic motions change slightly depending on the form Spark is in as well. (try looking up and down, you'll see what I mean.)Overall, it's a great game to play! Don't pass it up!(people have also mentioned something about fps drops or whatever. Maybe that was before or something but i've never had a single issue with the speed.)"
,Recommended,601810,33538844,Posted: 14 July,all,manrangan,"A unique, fun platformer for fans of the genre. Spark has some pretty clear influences from Kirby, Sonic, and Megaman X, but it still manages to set itself apart from those games and feel like a fresh experience.This game encourages you to learn the game's mechanics, and if you struggle at any point, it is very forgiving with it's frequent checkpoints and infinite lives. If you prefer to go fast, you can blast through the stage by using things like the dash, Spark's midair blasts, and the plethora of skills the power-ups like Wind and Edgy give you. If you prefer combat, you can fight enemies all you want, and explore the stages at your own pace. Spark's a game that's easy to learn and play, but hard to master.Spark also has a fantastic soundtrack, done by Falk, who's worked on LakeFepard's Sonic fangames, and he's also done work on Kingdom Hearts 2.5 HD ReMix and Sonic Mania. (!!!)If you're looking for something to tide you over until Sonic Mania, try this game out. If you're a disgruntled Megaman fan who's dying for Capcom to finally make a new Megaman game, try this game out. If you like Kirby but would like to try something new, try this game out. If you want to try out a platformer for the first time, try this game out. Spark really is a fantastic indie game, and deserves a lot more attention than it's getting."
76561198079436886,Recommended,601810,31171233,Posted: 15 April,all,Poksonkirmar,"A real solid Sonic/Kirby/Megaman X combo. It blends Sonic's speedy physics-based platforming with Kirby's copy abilities and Megaman X's combat (and also somewhat MMX-style platforming). Great stages, great bosses, great soundtrack, and a great extra mode once you beat the main game. Story's a little hit or miss, but you shouldn't be playing games like these for the story anyhow."
,Recommended,601810,31152822,Posted: 15 April,all,LuckySoftworks,"Fantastic game with clear inspirations of 16 bit era sonic, but manages to stand out on it's own.I can already tell this game is going to be great with replay value as it's power up system effectively means you get an impressive amount of play styles to experiment with. People into speed running will surely enjoy finding optimal powerup pairings and switch back and forth for speeds you've likely never seen in similar titles. And despite this speed being available to you at near any moment, you never seem to really feel ""out of control"" nor do you feel like it's a press right to win affair as the levels really seem to want you to do whatever you want.I should note, there is the potential for slowdown, even on my 1080 rig, and to be frank I'm fairly sure this has to do with it's origins of being based around the Sonic Worlds engine (old but common 360 platforming template built in Clickteam products) as I had these same issues with any 'Worlds' game such as freedom planet as well as Lake Fepard's previous sonic fan games on any machine newer than like, windows 7 era. It does, however, run far better than those titles for me, but you may want to do yourself a favor and check out the kickstarter demo to gauge what you're dealing with. It's likely not an issue that's going to be solved.That said, in my experience, the frame drops aren't so severe and common that I don't want to play, and I'm looking at this thing like the perfect tide over until Sonic Mania drops later this year. YMMV, but if you decide to take the plunge, a beautiful game awaits."
76561198175826969,Recommended,601810,31141587,Posted: 14 April,all,BradleyX2000,"This game is absolutely fantastic! This has to be without a doubt the best indie game I have ever played. The control was great, the level design was top notch and the game was just so fun to play. Even if I get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked here and there, I never get frustrated at the game. The Sprite art is beautiful and the game had a bloody glorious soundtrack. I can't recommend this game enough to anyone who is a fan of sonic or any other 16 bit game. This is the perfect game to play while's waiting for sonic mania. Another job well done by lakefeperd."
,Recommended,601810,31160253,Posted: 15 April,all,ItsKooper,"I really enjoyed this game, one of the most fun games I've played in a while, if you really like 16 bit platformers similar to Sonic, then this game is for you. My only problem with the game is how the story is told, it might be a bit confusing, also the dialogues are quite funny, but sometimes it feels like the characters don't care about the plot. The soundtrack is just amazing, it has very catchy music.This game does a good job merging Kirby, Sonic and probably other 16 bit games. I highly recommend this game to anyone that like those franchises."
,Recommended,601810,31166366,Posted: 15 April,all,^1Retarded Jester,"Great game, Feperd did a great job. But while I'm playing, some issues with frame rate happens. First I though that was my PC, but after looking others reviews in here, I can conclude that is the game.Well, if you are looking for a retro 16 bit era, I certainly recommend this game, it is awesome!! Despite frame rate.--Ótimo jogo, Feperd fez um bom trabalho. Mas enquanto eu jogo, começo a ter problemas com fps. Primeiro, achei que fosse o meu PC, mas depois de olhar alguns reviews daqui, pude concluir que realmente é do jogo.Bom, se você procura por um jogo na era dos 16 bit, certamente é esse jogo que recomendo, é muito bom! Tirando esse problema que citei."
,Recommended,601810,31220498,Posted: 18 April,all,AlphaTurtle3,"Simply put, what if a Sonic and Kirby crossover existed? This game is the result. With a huge variety of lush and unique level tropes, you won't be able to stop playing to see what type of environment is next in the lineup.Pros:Fun thrilling bossfightsGood level design in many areas (For the most part)Many amusing abilities to sink your teeth into (edgy being a personal favourite)An out of this world amazing soundtrack that will grow on you from start upCons:If your looking for story, its quite simplistic and at times cliché but since its a 16 bit style game its not a problem at all  (at least for myself) and it does the job just fine.Some levels outstay their welcome (But an abundance of save points kinda negate that issue)̶I̶ ̶C̶A̶N̶T̶ ̶P̶A̶Y̶ ̶M̶O̶N̶E̶Y̶ ̶F̶O̶R̶ ̶T̶H̶I̶S̶ ̶G̶L̶O̶R̶I̶O̶U̶S̶ ̶A̶M̶A̶Z̶I̶N̶G̶ ̶P̶H̶E̶N̶O̶M̶E̶N̶A̶L̶ ̶S̶O̶U̶N̶D̶T̶R̶A̶C̶K̶Edit: Soundtrack is now available to purchase its all good in that department"
,Recommended,601810,31403290,Posted: 27 April,all,fia,"do you love all those SNES/Genesis sidescrollers like Sonic, Kirby, or Mega Man X? Then you're gonna like this game.Can't really say more because I'd just be repeating more of what everyone else has already said."
76561198334514437,Recommended,601810,31445382,Posted: 29 April,all,DarkZero Unverse,Sonic + Kirby + Megaman= Spark the Electric JesterThis game is perfect!Great level disignAmazing songsChallenging boss battlesI love this game!
,Recommended,601810,31488169,Posted: 1 May,all,☆StarmakerJasper☆,"Spark the Electric Jester is a game where a little fuzzy yellow man gets angry a robot took his job and swears to kill every last robot until he gets his job back. Truly a classic plot if I've seen one.To do this, Spark has to rush through plenty of thematically varied stages with many a Kirby-esque power to use to either help traverse and platform or to use to kick the ever-loving bolts out of whatever robot is standing in his way. You can have one power equipped and one stored away for later, letting you mix up how you play. It's actually a very solid concept, and the implementation of the dash makes it so you're almost never caught on anything for too long and it's just oh-so satisfying to be able to get through a stage and keep your momentum with the help of some of the moves found with each power. This, accompanying with the EXTREMELY great soundtrack and the wonderful designs of the world and sprites themselves make Spark a blast to play through, especially if you're a fan of games like Sonic or Kirby to begin with. The stages jump around thematically as you traverse them as well, adding elements and different looking areas as you continue through a stage.The bosses, which they're coming by the bucket full, are all rather varied as well and each usually requires a certain amount of awareness and figuring out the patterns in order to beat them down, especially in the later modes where getting hit is definitely not an option. The dash greatly helps in this regard, not only giving you invincibility frames if timed correctly against an attack but also lets you position yourself where you need to be quickly, and it works really well. Sometimes they felt like they could drag on for a bit too long at times due to their rather extensive health, but it usually didn't deter me from not enjoying it. It does, however, get very tedious if you happen to not have any good offensive powers on you, which can sometimes manange to happen if you're unlucky enough. Some of the placement of the powers are rather haphazard as well, to the point that I managed to miss a whole power for the entire game. These problems alleviate themselves a bit when you unlock the ability to swap powers on the go, but it's a few that persists nonetheless.The things that definitely bugged me the most were the story, which there regrettably isn't much of and tends to feel a bit forced at times (there's a character that starts talking about butts and the internet), but it does eventually go for a much darker tone later on and it remains intriguing enough to at least keep playing, especially with the adrenaline rush you get from the platforming alone. There's also frame rate issues caused by the controller support, but it never got bad enough for me to ever be affected by it and hopefully it's something that gets patched out. I've also experienced some smaller kinks as well, usually with music awkwardly starting back up and fading out again after a boss, or boss health bars sticking around when the boss is already beat. All of them never persisted more than a couple of seconds but they were jarring enough to notice.I honestly fallen in love with Spark as a game (enough to say I liked it better than Freedom Planet), and while there are a few flaws with the game as it is now, I find that the pros far outweigh the cons and with a healthy dose of updates and polish it'll only get better with time. If you're a fan of fast-paced frantic platforming and hectic boss fights with lots of movement, you'll most likely enjoy this game just as much as I have."
76561198103053579,Recommended,601810,31537461,Posted: 4 May,all,Tankdest22,"This game is one I would recommend very highly simply cause its like a Mashup of various other 16 bit games like Kirby and Sonic. While the game itself has technical issues and a somewhat confusing storyline that I honestly had a hard time following (and the cheesy jokes didn't help either), that is ALL trumped by the game itself. You are really stupid if you don't buy this game and are a fan of the older 16 bit games. It's astounding just how much care has gone into the game's design itself and as well as the overall combat and level design keep things fresh. The boss fights are easy to follow but gradually get harder as you progress. Don't even get me started on the music, It just has so much energy and emotion in it.After completing one playthrough isn't even the end of it. There are more with their own twists and turns but I won't reveal what they are because of spoilers. They also have that difficulty spike those more seasoned 16 bit game players enjoy. Yet the Main campaign keeps it relatively easy for those who are new to the genre.Like I said my main issues are the storyline which has some grammatical issues (Which I don't blame the developer all too much for that because he is Brazilian and I'm 90% his first language was not english) and is confusing and hard to follow at some points. To add on to that, like i said before I had technical issues with the game in terms of some really bad slowdowns at some really important points in the game like the Final boss fight and a few glitches and some exploits I have discovered.Overall do yourself a favor and get this game. You won't regret it if you can get past the issues listed above. Alot of love has gone into this game and the nostalgia trip is all but perfect for me. The developer has really outdone himself this game as his first commercial release and I know this because I played his fan games he made back then and they were really good. As a first commercial release in order to make yourself known, Lake you really blew the door open in my book because I fell in love with Spark in this game."
,Recommended,601810,31674958,Posted: 10 May,all,GhostOnToast,"I bought this game after discovering it on YouTube, and I was not disappointed! The power-ups add great variety to the gameplay, albeit I found a couple to be a bit over powered. You can carry 2 at a time, allowing you to change your playstyle on the fly. Definitely pick this up if you're a fan of Classic 2D Sonic gameplay and need something to tide you over until Sonic Mania."
76561198335863450,Recommended,601810,31416946,Posted: 28 April,all,The Motherf*cking Mailman,"I've only played for 45 minutes and about 10 stages in (at the time I made this review, mind you), but I'm in love with this game. Smooth controls, smooth platforming, kickass tunes (which I bought by the way. I mean, 25+ tracks for 10 dollars? That's a f*cking steal) and the fact that it's NOT touch damage, makes this game one of the best platformers I've ever played, bar none.And those who say they get stopped often. I dunno, maybe you just suck? I've never felt the pace being broken, save for 'cutscenes' and introduction to bossfights. So.. yeah, git gud, scrubs. (I mean, yeah, I got attacked a few times, but that was entirely my own fault, not the game.)One minor nitpick, but maybe you should give info on what power-up get swapped out when you pick a new one? Really minor though, as you do figure it out pretty fast.Absolutely recommending this game."
,Recommended,601810,31564862,Posted: 5 May,all,malbannai27,Spark the electric jester is a really fun sonic/genesis style game that is worth playing despite the lack of polish in some areas(which are very minor).
,Recommended,601810,31787255,Posted: 16 May,all,Suicidal Jack Noir,"It's a fun game, it really is.It has a unique graphical style that no other game has. It's a somewhat cartoony style with a Neo-Geo esque palette, and has a penchant for technology, purple and yellow, and long sprawls of a single color.Gameplay wise, it is very fun. You have a sort of mega man like charge shot as your main attack. You can pick up powerups, a la Kirby. The boss fights are fun, if a little repetitive.The music is great.The story sucks. LakeFepard has made good stories before, I would think with an original IP he could make a good one. Anything would be better than ""oh ♥♥♥♥ I lost my job and I was replaced""."
,Recommended,601810,32238298,Posted: 7 June,all,ChainchompDX,"This game was worth waiting for. If you are thinking of buying this game, DO IT. This game has exploration that rewards you with cool abilities also this game is good for speedrunners as well. 20/10 Completely worth my time and money."
,Recommended,601810,33707684,Posted: 21 July,all,Prilaja,"Let's take Mega Man and Sonic, put them in a blender, then add some Kirby, and voila! You get one ofthebest games of 2017. Even if you don't like platformers, the OST is godly. Seriously, I'm blown away by this game. I never played LakeFeperd's Sonic games, but I can already tell that he's a gifted game developer, and I hope that he gets to work on bigger projects."
,Recommended,601810,31608540,Posted: 7 May,all,Mors,"I'm quite enjoying it so far. It looks like a Sonic game but plays like a mix between Sonic, Kirby and Mega Man. And despite the main concept not sounding very original, it's full of charm and cool ideas, and it's also really fun to play. There are several different forms of Spark and all of them are really fun to use (except for the default one lol), the level themes are very creative and the gimmicks are quite fun most of the time. While the sprites aren't that well drawn the backgrounds are really good looking and detailed, the color choices are usually very pleasing to the eye, and the music is simplyAMAZING. This game probably has my favorite OST in any indie game ever. Even if you don't plan to get the game at least listen to the OST. The dialogue is also well written and very amusing despite some dumb capitalization issues lol.I have a few problems with the game, though. The first one is the level design. It's not bad but also not as great as I expected. The levels lack memorable moments Sonic games usually have, they can get a bit repetitive, and sometimes it's hard to tell where you're supposed to go. The game also doesn't reward exploration at all. There are some somewhat broken powerups that allow you to climb walls or just fly but doing these doesn't reward the player 90% of the time. In addition to these issues I feel like the levels could be a bit more well designed overall. That doesn't mean they are not fun, there's just a lot of room for improvement.It was also a bit hard to get used to the dash move, I always forgot it was there until the 4th zone. I also think the bosses get a bit too long and tiresome near the end. The enemy designs are kinda boring and samey as well. The game also has some technical problems, like the game running at 2 FPS if the gamepad is not connected. But that might be just my PC, who knows. But despite the issues, I still really enjoyed the game overall.$15 a bit too much an indie game like this, but the game's full of content so it's probably worth the price if you're planning to finish all campaigns. I'd still wait for a sale though."
,Recommended,601810,34220395,Posted: 13 August,all,jmkgamer1999,"I find it hard to believe how little attention this game is getting right now. Spark The Electric Jester is a platformer in the vain of Sonic with power ups like Kirby. Though this game hits it out of the ball park with a banging soundtrack, great visuals, and amazing gameplay. The experience here is pure bliss and I can't help but recommend this amazing game to anyone interested, it deserves your time and money."
,Recommended,601810,34418762,Posted: 22 August,all,Last BeNeVoLeNcE,"It wasn't surprising to me that this was a good game because I'm familiar with Lake Feperd's previous fan works--with his Sonic After the Sequel being the best Sonic fan game that I've ever played.What was surprising to me, however, was just HOW GOOD this game was! It has great control. The levels are large, beautifully parallaxed environments. It's fast but has great platforming to balance it's momentum. The bosses are engaging. The music is phenomenal--possibly one of the best video game soundtracks that I've ever heard--better than Freedom Planet--hands down!Because of games like this and Freedom Planet, Sonic-inspired momentum-based sidescrollers should definitely be separated into their own genre.Pros:+ Good balance of speed and platforming+ Huge levels that are mapped both vertically and horizontally.+ Absolutely amazing soundtrack--one of the best in recent years in my opinion.+ Power-ups that are unique and give the gameplay variety+ Boss fights go from being ""not too bad"" to ""WHOA."" (You have to play to see what I mean)+ Story is amusing but not the focus.Cons:- Framerate/slowdown issues at times- (In my opinion) Could use some form of special or bonus stages with rewarding unlockables.Bottom line, if you preordered or plan to get Sonic Mania, I HIGHLY recommend this one. If you are a fan of Freedom Planet, definitely get this as this is different in a VERY NICE way.And don't wait for it to go on sale, either. This game is WORTH $15 if not more. It's THAT good. Support this guy so he can make more good stuff like this.9/10 - Would hunt down the robot who stole my job again.- LB"
,Recommended,601810,34430725,Posted: 22 August,all,HotWater250,"Spark the Electric Jester is an indie game meant to be like any other 16-bit game but more specifically, Sonic The Hedgehog, Mega Man X and Kirby Super Star. I decided to buy this because, well, LakeFepered, and I must say, he's gone at it again. I'll explain each story and other tid bit in this review so sit back and relax as you read this review for your own enjoyment.Spark's StoryOnce upon a time, in the planet of...Well, there are too many names for this planet, call it whatever you like. Anyways...there was a Formie [4me] named Spark. In his whole life, he had his job taken away from him every single time until he went to Jester School, got a degree there (I don't see why not), and became a Jester. That was until guess what, another robot, one which seemingly looked like Spark himself, took the job. (Spark nicknamed the robot Fark) Spark then just quit the job buisiness after that. But not long after, all the robots in the city have suddenly gone on a rampage and Spark just happens to be curious into what is going on, so he goes on anyways. And since Fark is among those robots too, Spark also felt like this was the greatest oppoturnity to take revenger on Fark and eventually get his job back!Now on to gameplay.Spark the Electric Jester plays similarly to mostly Sonic and Kirby games. You got your speedy speed, you got yourCoolpower-ups such as the aftermentioned Cool Jester, the Electric Bat for starters, the Wind Jester for mobility (a lot Sonic-y if I must say) and many more. But other than that, you also have charged attacks in the vein of Mega Man where it's the simple way of holding the attack button you Mega Man fans remember and love to do! (There's also Super Charged attacks where you keep attacking enemies until you fill up the blue bar, then try to do a charged shot) The levels themselves have a lot of variety but mostly cliched that I might not to have to go through them. You can see those for yourself in those screenshots. The bosses are a mixture of easy and hard and are not too hard to master (with the slight exception of the last couple of bosses). So that means it's important to learn about every power-up in the game that can potentially help you in your run wothout dying a lot. Speaking of which, there are no lives in this game, which means you are free to die as much as you want.After completeing the story, you unlock ""Wishes Mode"", where with the press of 2 buttons, you can choose any power-up in the game except for one that you unlock by 100%-ing the game.Phew, I feel I talked about enough in that section up there. Below this sentince are some extra story information so if you want to find out about the other stories on your own, skip to the non-spoiler section down further below.Fark's StoryAfter Spark saved the planet from being rid of from any life forms, he uses all the prize money he got from saving the formies to go to the Himilayas (yes, apparently they have one of those in this planet). Spark invites Fark to stay at his house after Fark turned to the good side. The story starts a month after the first story's ending when one day, Fark was just chilling at Spark's house until he saw that the other robots were on a rampage once again. Fark goes on to investigate on why this is happening.Fark's gameplay is entirely different from what you expect from Spark. Basically, think the Meta Knightmare mode of the modern Kirby games. Introduced in this new story mode is parrying which is similar to that of Bayonetta. (Did I mention this game could have modern gaming references?) Having Fark's Story be like the Meta Knightmare mode of Kirby games means Fark does not have and cannot usecertainpower-ups in the game. But with having these new abilities comes some great pros. If you keep parrying/attacking, you fill up a static bar (similar to that of Spark's), which you can use to restock on health, become invincible for a short period of time and have stronger attacks. Although, when you get the bar up to the max, you become Super Fark who's not that different from his regular form, except for having longer range in attacks.Spark's ChallengeA new VR game based off Fark's has been released, and Spark decides to play it. But being that guy with attitude, he turns the pain to max and that's how the story starts.There's not really anything to say about this mode, except you play through Fark's story with Spark who has 2 health points only. (wow, way to put a coincidencial Mario reference there) It is, however, the hardest mode in the game as these stages are tailored for Fark rather than Spark but it's possible to win the game mode with a bit of practise.SPC ChallengesThe last game mode in the entire game is the SPC Challenges, 10 challenges set up by another robot, Romalo. There are 9 challenges for Spark and just 1 for Fark. If you finish them, that would count as 100%-ing the game, then you will unlock the unlockable power-up in wishes mode. (If you haven't 100%-ed the game, you'll only get to use the power-up at the end of Spark's story)Time attackSpark the Electric Jester also has a time attack mode for the first three modes of the game. You don't really get anything for doing these so just enjoy them.Some issuesSpark the Electric Jester, sadly, suffers from framerate issues that sometimes hinder the experience. Even the developer doesn't even know how this happens and doesn't intend on fixing it soon.Overall thoughtsOverall, this is a pretty good game with a great soundtrack and I highly recommend getting this game if you can stand framerate issues. It's very unique compared to some other games out there. I would give this game a9/10.Thanks for reading and enjoy the game!"
76561198176988362,Recommended,601810,34899359,Posted: 12 September,all,AMXZY,"So I downloaded this game and played it and wow it is so good. Pyschics little wonkey and getting used to the controls (not to much of a PC gamer, haha). But that doesn't go away from it being an amazing game.Story: 7/10Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 9/10Frustrating Momments: Not to much, it is challengingDifferent weapons and stuff: 8.5/10So far amazing game.8/10"
,Recommended,601810,35505954,Posted: 5 October,all,Roomaster1,"Spent exactly 111 minutes which is roughly 1.82 hours on this crazy, fast tempo sonic-kirby mashup. I'm fully enjoying it. The gameplay is fluid, the speed is crazy and I love the big selection of transformations/power-ups. I wish it was a big harder though.Good game !"
