user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,602940,31026482,Posted: 8 April,all,halloween-themed pun name,How about we STOP making Steam achievements so TRIVIAL???
,Not Recommended,602940,32724815,Posted: 24 June,all,Mataeus,"TL;DR™ Volume 4First off, Kudos to the developer for two things: Coming up with an original idea, and not using a demo RPG Maker town as a base for this spammy achievement game.The Quest for achievements sees you drawn outside of your house, away from your computer, to hunt down sentient Steam Achievements which have gone missing from your favourite games. It starts quite originally, reminiscent of the old text adventure 'Imagination' on the C64. And from there, it quickly goes south, and all of the devs Kudos is stripped away.The Quest for Achievements is an achievement spam game. You get literally hundred of achievements - over a thousand in fact - for opening chests and chasing steam icons down on the overhead map, with a smidgeon of real time combat thrown in for good measure. The thing is, you don't have to spend scores of hours chasing them down to reach the games goal of getting 999 to open the portal to the final boss: There's a cave in the Scorched Earth zone you can go into, open a chest, and retreat from, again and again and again. Every time you do this, you'll get ten achievements.Once you've hit 1004, look for a flashing beacon in each of the four zones and walk up to it - that'll take you to to 1008. Then enter the final zone and kill the last enemy, leave through the portal and that's your final two cheevs.Now, uninstall, and cry gently as you wonder what your life has become playing such absolute garbage as this, in order to raise an arbitrary number on your gamer profile, which only you care about.~M~"
,Not Recommended,602940,31054744,Posted: 9 April,all,Danis Coral,"So....the game has about 30 minutes of activity to it. Basically you can just farm 1 chest until you have exactly 990 ""achievements"" then go out and catch another 9, go to the final area, hit the boss a few times and finish the game. I never even bothered to figure out how to pick up the random weaapons hang out around the maps assuming you can even pick them up (I assume there's a way but I didn't figure it out). None of the NPCs say anything useful, in fact most of them pretty much ltierally the same line. There are 3 areas to go to each with their own achievement to find a beacon. Other than that it's a bit of a time waster and easy achievements. I can't recommend this game to just about anyone. :("
,Not Recommended,602940,31170401,Posted: 15 April,all,Informal Informant,"What the game isThe Quest for Achievmentsis basically an ""achievment farm"" for achievment hunters and collecters. It calls itself a ""Pixel RPG"", but most people who play this will say otherwise.And something to say before the Pros and Cons of this game, I beat it while only killing ~7 enemies. The first cave I entered I cold infinitly open chests for 10 achievments/open. No game should have a bug like this.Pros+Lots of achievmentsFor those of us who want as many achievments as possible, this ""game"" has tonsCons-Terrible spritesDont get me wrong, some are good. But the vast majority of sprites blend terribly into the enviroment where they exsist. Ontop of that, some are blurry and low-res.-Empty EnviromentsIn any game, if the world is too empty, its flat out borring. Take the most empty world form any game, and throw that idea out the window as this games world is far emptier.-No StoryI know there is a story, but it is ""you stuff is gone, go get your stuff back"".-MusicThis one is most likely debatible, but I had to mute the sound on my computer to play this game. It was so, for lack of better words, bad.-UIIt's most of the time very difficult to be disipointed by UI, but the UI here is blocky as hell. And why do I need the words ""Cave Entrance"" right next to a cave entrance. The words arnt even on a sign.Final OpinionThe Quest for Achievmentsis something I was actually waiting to hit the steam store. It had so much potential, but fell flat. If you want more achievments, you should only ever get this game while its on sale. If you want to play it because you like the devs or think it looks fun, go ahead as I cant tell you what to do. But I can't recomend this game to anyone for any reason. The ~2 hours I spent playing, I felt, was a complete waste of my time."
,Recommended,602940,31048178,Posted: 9 April,all,↝ SgtFopper™ ↜,"This review is meant to be as objective as I could! Sorry if I feel sometimes in a ""personal mood"". I'm not writing reviews that much!First encounter with ""The Quest for Achievements""!First of all I really like the idea of this game. As I noticed this game on Steam Greenlight I was really wow'ed and I tried instantly to get in contact with the developer to tell him how I much love his idea. Getting ""ingame-achievements"" to unlock real Steam Achievements is something new on Steam and that got my attention in the first place!Intro / plotThe plot is simple as that. First of all there is a small intro-level; just go south and go through the portal. Then you're starting in the main city called Starcrest City. There are three areas in this game to explore and to hunt for Steam Achievements.Goals + tasksYou have to ""catch"" (ingame-)achievements with blue catcher-balls which you can buy(*) in the main city - in the middle of the city. If you actually catch one of them, you unlock a real Steam Achievement. Another way to unlock Steam Achievements is to find a chest in one of the three areas in the game where you get ten achievements - respectively - ten Steam Achievements. There are also chests in some caves throughout the three areas. The third ingame way to get Steam Achievements is to find one beacon in each area. You just have to open your eyes to find them - not really that difficult.In the world of ""The Quest for Achievements"" you can find several weapons to kill enemies. There are some different kind of swords and other weapons. You also have unlimited ""fireballs"" as a standard weapon to hit and/or kill enemies. You cannot hurt enemies with catcher-balls; they are just meant to use for catching ingame-achievements. If you kill an enemy you will get coins(*), mostly 50 coins for each killed enemy. With the collected money you can fill up your life points if you got hit and/or you can buy new catcher-balls! You will have to find a shop to fill up the hearts in the main city.There are some different kind of enemies like trophies, spiders, marshmallow-looking ones and some more you will encounter. In the most ways the enemies aren't hard to kill. You just have to get close to the enemies and hit them. You need to hit them between 1-3 times to finally get the kill. With every kill you raise a hidden bar (there is no one!) to get more hearts as life points. Unfortunatelly I still don't understand the system behind the way when and how exactly you will get more of these. At the end of the game I have had 22 hearts and I started with 10 if I am not mistaken.The Final step or called ""The End""If you have exactly 999 ingame-achievements - you cannot get more than 999 - you have to get back to the main city and head north there to reach the the final and forth area where you have to enter the portal. After that you are in the hell-themed area and you have to kill the last enemy - the boss. You need to hit the boss about 5 times. After that ... ok, I won't spoiler it. :)Pros & consProsGreat idea of a Steam Achievement-based gameFirst time to connect ingame-achievements with Steam AchievementsNo difficult gameplay / easy to playretro-styled game feelinglots of Steam Achievements (1010 of them) to unlockSteam Trading Cards - you can get the Steam-themed emoticon!ConsInteresting game idea but wasted potential(still) lots of performance issues like lags in the main city and areas [dev promised to bring upcoming fixes!]missing rpg elements that had brought some varietytoo less kind of enemiesno challenging gameplay - (very) easy game modedisastrous hitboxes for every kind of enemiespoor depth of story - a good story can make a game better.too early release of this game - Steam's Early Access had been a better option.kind of annoying ingame music (just a personal opinion!)Closing wordsIn my opinion this game was needed for Steam where Steam Achievements actually get they ""own game"". And I have to admit that I really had fun playing it for hours. Unfortunatelly some things are went wrong so horrible. The potential was wasted so much that I can understand a little bit the negative reviews on Steam. BUT on the other side everyone has deserved a ""second chance"". Maybe we will see a second part of this game with a much better converted potential. :)"
,Not Recommended,602940,31033334,Posted: 8 April,all,Wif,"Great concept, terrible game.THE GOOD:Unique idea, character movement is nice, music is pretty good.THE BAD:Graphics dramatically inconsistent, open world is mostly empty, buggy, everything respawns when you leave an area - this includes chests, stupid story, terrible gameplay, an enormous amount of oversight with most parts of the game.The game takes a unique idea and sells it as a gimmickey cash grab.  I hope someone else takes this idea and makes something decent out of it.  This game does not deserve your money."
,Not Recommended,602940,31081523,Posted: 11 April,all,Grimbow,"Expected it to be like the flash game ""Achievement Unlocked"" but was very much disappointed. Interesting enough for a first attempt at making a game I guess but there is next to no depth and the only draw is the 1009 achievements, which are obtained by opening chests that are littered across the map and refresh when you exit an area. Also the KB+M controls  seem a bit overlooked, the catch balls (Blue balls in game, don't remember their actual names) are bound to the up arrow, but all that does is move you forward a couple of pixels so I have no idea what they actually do.In short, if you don't mind slogging through a pretty bland game for the achievements then you get what you pay for, but if you expected there to much gameplay/story then your money is better spent elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,602940,31114408,Posted: 13 April,all,Sir-Fag-A-Lot,dont hate it but deff dont love it aprox 1 hour to get all 1010 achievementsfound bug: go into cave open chests exit cave go back in and open them again.....
,Not Recommended,602940,31042665,Posted: 9 April,all,Fearless,"Great & fun game, make an option for people with azerty-keyboards to change settings & make the mouse able to attackt than rather pressing 'e' what is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ make a save-button cuz the save game option issnt there and u will lose ur progress what is♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198044229474,Recommended,602940,32905657,Posted: 27 June,all,"Oh look, JJ is here! (AFK)","For what it is worth, I had to capture all 999 literal steam achievements (as monsters) to progress. Chests contained a bundle of 10 at a time, but with 2-3 spawned in per remap spawn it still took an hours worth of grind.(OWN A CONTROLLER) -_-You play the hobbit as you whack things and creatures with your stick for 50 dollar bills sometimes. Buy pokeballs and catch steam achievements. Loot chests and level up for more stamina and health to keep the farm going longer. Ultra repetative. It has a boss. A final boss. It ate 4 attacks, gave me 1 last achievement and patted me on the back (Check screenshots)A wonderful trainwreck."
,Recommended,602940,31006436,Posted: 7 April,all,MontanaUmami,"Cute game. Doesn`t take too long, depends on how hard you try. It performed good, I personally had no crashes. There is no real tutorial, but the controls are easy so you can get used to them in less than 5 minutes. I used a controller since the game is clearly optimized for that, in theory it works with mouse and keyboard too. 1000 achievements and not as boring as some other games of this kind are reason enough for me to recommend it."
,Recommended,602940,33955191,Posted: 1 August,all,Vanilla 👻🎃,"I got The Quest For Achievements in the Steam Summer 2017 Sale and I only began it today, plus finishing it. It took a little longer than I expected, some parts were particulary easy, the achievement farming was a bit of a drag, but I certainly had fun. Plus, got all 1010 achievements. c:Would recommend, money well spent."
,Not Recommended,602940,32790921,Posted: 25 June,all,Borg,"Picked this one up on the sale 60% off... sadly it aint worth even that. It's a good concept but its waaaay too easy to get all the achievements. it took me about 30 min to totallay 100% this game, (the game time is to get the cards)Get into the game, get a general idea how it works, go out, kill monster and ""catch"" achievments, sounds pretty cool to me... well i should have looked it up better. Finding a cave with 4 chests, go in, collect and repeat and now you will be missing about 10 and those are too easy aswell. No challenge what so ever"
76561198319995624,Recommended,602940,33777025,Posted: 24 July,all,CuteConfusedandCrazy,"Eh, it's ok, for a small arcade explore like thing. IDK about that achieve system, though."
,Not Recommended,602940,31003272,Posted: 7 April,all,Sellyme,"The game runs at about 2fps in the main city area, everything is glacially slow, and the game completely crashes at the first battle.Completely unplayable.EDIT:To clarify on crashes, they appear to only occur if you get hit. I did a run where I didn't get hit a single time and as such didn't experience any crashes, so it is at leastpossibleto complete the game. This is obviously still not ideal."
,Recommended,602940,31076367,Posted: 11 April,all,Raptorz,"I recommend this game but just because the idea to get an achievement ingame and on steam is really good.But the game gets boring after an hour, you can't change the controls and you don't have a map.Not really bad, but also not really good. 5,5/10"
,Recommended,602940,34087041,Posted: 7 August,all,♰Noxah✨Nukem♰,It's decent for achievements
,Recommended,602940,32735051,Posted: 24 June,all,Stingygamer,A fun JRPG. Tons of achievo0s.
,Recommended,602940,31006964,Posted: 7 April,all,Lietze,"It's not a bad game, it doesn't have a very deep story but i think it's an original idea. Furthermore i really enjoy the fact that it has 1000 fairly easy achievements and not hard to play.Everyone needs to keep in mind that this game has only just been released and the devs are working their asses off to fix the couple bugs that have been found."
,Recommended,602940,31024693,Posted: 8 April,all,fox,"It has a pretty boring repetitive gameplay, unbelievably easy, and weird glitches.This game looks as if it was made on scratch with weird png trophies following you around everywhere but the soundtracks alright.Notes:-Keep in mind that there is a glitch that when you leave and reload the game; you lose your sword, which is annoying, but considering it’s not that hard to find your weapon again, its fine.-The strongest sword that I could find looks red and can be found at the bottom right of the deeper frost area.-I recommend saving frequently-There is a weird katana looking gold sword in the main area that you can’t pick up, which is unfortunate.-Remember where the portals are so you can find your way back without bumping into lots of enemies.-Fire works well on the silver trophies-Don't massively prepare for the final 1000 achieve boss battle, it’s very anticlimactic. I beat her in less than a second with two swings with my red axe thing.-Not very important, but when you get the 1000th achieve, the counter at the top of the screen doesn’t change to 1000, which isn’t that important, but still.Exploit:-There is this big exploit in the game where when you change location, all the chests reset (unless intentional) so the best place I could find was a cave at the bottom right (I think) of the desert area where there is a cave with three chests inside. if you ignore the enemies and just collect the 30 achievement, then leave and re-enter the cave; you can get the 30 achieves again. Just repeat this process and getting achievements will be quicker.Overall this game is pretty bland, however gaining 1010 achievements in under 2 hours with almot 0 effort makes this game amazing11/10 would exploit again"
,Recommended,602940,31037749,Posted: 9 April,all,GenioGege,"A game about achievement hunting, made for achievement hunters, in which achievement you catch become REAL Steam achievement.I see people complaining about indie games giving away achievements too easily, thus ruining the ""achievement hunt"" stuff, and that's true. BUT that's not the case, since the ""give achievements away"" mechanic is a characterizing feature of this game, and that's kinda unique and cool.Gameplayispretty repetitive, but everything else is just fine and well made, and the concept is, as i said, cool. Pricing is  slightly higher than how it-s worth, but for the actual discounted price is worth it!"
,Recommended,602940,31096112,Posted: 12 April,all,Toyota,Game with a purpose
76561198141545425,Recommended,602940,31010641,Posted: 7 April,all,W0nderbolts,"The fact this was able to raise by achievements by 1,000 (I had 2,000+ before I started the game), I just had to play this, especially for the low price of the game.This game was definitely worth its price despite it being too easy. It only seemed to crash when I got hit which was good since I nearly mastered not getting hit and saved often.The idea for this game was pretty clever since it was never done before with this theme. The sword, despite the sizes of the weapons you get, you have to be right next to them almost touching you for the weapon to hit anything. The actual blade range doesn't do anything. The fireball is near useless and I don't think there was any way to upgrade it. The villagers all say HEY! which is annoying but who even talks to those NPCs anyway in most games?The music was pretty epic, especially for one specific song which I can't even point out in this review since I don't know the names of each song.I tried playing it normally but after getting sick of the game crashing from taking damage, I just kept opening chests and going into caves so the chests reset and I can open them again for ten more achievements inside it. I went everywhere in the game so there was no point to not do this since I at least got the full experience.The ending is a little sad becauseyou find out you ditched your girlfriend for games and achievements and she says she just wanted to spend more time with you so she takes away your achievements hoping you would go to her but the spell she did this with came at a price which turned her into an evil creature. Yes, you save her but at what cost? Just to get your achievements back and ignore her love?!Very short game but it was fun for what it was,"
,Recommended,602940,31029437,Posted: 8 April,all,Navi [Dying Spree],Clearly for the achievement hunter.
,Recommended,602940,31020441,Posted: 8 April,all,DsrReborn,A Great Fun Achievement Collecting RPG Pixel Game Its Gonna Be A Fun Adventure To Try Get All 1000+ Achievements!10/10 Great Fun
,Recommended,602940,31015153,Posted: 8 April,all,Complex,10/10 would crash again
76561198149355274,Recommended,602940,31045677,Posted: 9 April,all,Zerrill | Gift-Drop.com,"It's an ok game, with RPG elements. Graphics are nice for this kind of game, the gameplay and the soundtrack are good.The only thing that should been added was an autosave button, beacause it's really weird in 2017 to go to a specific location of the map to save it... I mean , really, how stupid it is.7/10."
,Recommended,602940,35172214,Posted: 23 September,all,Strain▀█▀Dragon,"As a fierce achievement hunter I love this game. If you are an achievement hunter you should buy this game.Pros--A lot of achievements (1010)-a short and funny storyline-solid controls-a lot of attack variety, you can:Use fire magicPick up and use a variety of Melee weaponsUse a slingshot thing-three landscapes each with many caves to explore-in the game you must run around and collect 999 achievements, sounds like boring farming but if you actually explore the lands and caves you get them really fast without going through the same cave 20 times. I 100%ed the game in slightly more than a hour and didn't use any particular farming techniqueCons--the collision boxes are off, you have a disadvantage when above an enemy and an advantage below an enemy.-if you don't give a crap and only farm for achievements you probably won't have a good time, go explore, farming is boring-the bronze and silver PlayStation trophies are enemies in the game, but the gold and platinum never appear, made me very disappointed-there is sometimes lag and graphics are obviously very lowThis is a very enjoyable, short, cheap, and rewarding game. I highly suggest it, especially for achievement hunters."
