user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,603960,32879859,Posted: 27 June,all,Tuxedo Bra,"EXPLODE ANCIENT RUINSGET KNOWLEDGE SLAMMED INTO YOUHAVE A REVOLVER THAT SHOOTS LIGHTNING SHOTGUN HOMING BULLETSGET SURPRISED BY A GIANT BOSSPUT A RUG IN YOUR ROOMBEFRIEND A CAT SLUGMore seriously...This is an arcadey, gripping game that makes me feel like I should be slapping a trackball around as I blast through semi-puzzle rooms, strive to learn and dodge enemies, ration out cash, bullets and bombs to break open everything I can to get a fighting chance.The bosses are surprising, quirky and inventive, the enemies have a logical ebb and flow, and the skill curve is very sharp.The game doesn't offer much mercy, but it is polite enough to give you some help, and I would 100% recommend this for anyone who likes short, arcadey shooters, roguelikes or good games in general."
,Recommended,603960,32792240,Posted: 25 June,all,The Real Hello,"Alright so here comes another game that I bought on a whim with no prior knowledge to it's existence besides the Steam store page and the provided gameplay trailer: Monolith.Art style is nice as it is. It has that very retro feel to it. Sprites are oddly cute to me. Backgrounds are very minimal but I feel that works in the favor of the game as the enemies pop out much more.I like how the game includes seperate pause screens with their own music depending on the area you are currently in.The game is a bit on the short side though, at least to me. This is due to the game having 5 areas to go through and it's fast gameplay.I'll be honest though, I completely rushed through it. Not because I wasn't enjoying myself, but because the game, is easy to me and I have experience with other games in the genres it covers.Maybe it's worth it if you're not too good at these kind of games but are a very dedicated person. That way you get much more playtime than I have out of this game. But I should also mention is that this game doesn't seem to be about getting to the end, but getting a higher score and bettering yourself. So if that's also your thing then go for it.The devs have spoken about these things within the Steam community though with them saying that they will be adding more content. It is fairly new after all. So who knows, this game could be getting better and better. I do see potential with this it.I still have yet to fully explore and 100% this game as it is though. Only 2 hours put in. But if I do gather more opinions I will put them here."
,Recommended,603960,32328904,Posted: 10 June,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Monolithis a great addition to the roguelite genre, and in particular, would serve well as a great 'gateway' game for those not used to bullet hell schmups or the (what is now) standardIsaac-like game mechanics.This title is super easy to pick up and learn. You'll be hooked in no time at all. The controls feel great, the artwork is crisp and fitting, and the retro music is awesome.One refreshing thing aboutMonolithis that everything is told to you - there is no need for trial-and-error learning or having to alt-tab to a wiki.Not sure what that icon is?Go next to it and a description pops up. Nice. Now, I don't want this for all my roguelites, but it works well here. The price is fitting, too. Compared to other titles in the genre, the content is on the lite side. Don't get me wrong, there is plenty to do here, but yeah, it is much more bite-sized.Each run is a series of floors with virtually all the same bells-and-whistles asIsaac, including an item room, a secret room, a shop, and you'll even find a gambling room. Things like this. For those in the know, it'll all feel very familiar.Pros:+Sleek game design that is super simple to drop into and feel fairly competent at right off-the-bat+Artwork and music are top-notch+For being a bullet hell schmup roguelite, it isn't too punishing; in fact it's fairly easy comparatively+The permanent upgrades and central hub are a nice touch+Considering the content, the price point is right onCons:-You will deal with black bars on the sides of your screenTotally worth full price.Very fun roguelite to throw in the mix."
76561198066207909,Recommended,603960,32626495,Posted: 21 June,all,Arabong,"The game is perfectly polished.The gameplay is engaging and always a new experience!I'm still discovering the secrets of it!!If you pay attention, you can clearly see that some procedural stuffis not randomly generated, but there is a very cleveralgorithm behind it!"
76561198163061412,Recommended,603960,32655982,Posted: 22 June,all,Natural Born Towel,This game has soul!+Very satisfying shooting+Amazing and tough boss fights+A lenghty soundtrack+Roguelike elements+A lounge to chill and listen to the retro tracks in between runs...A GEM.(I saw someone recommending to play it vertical... Hell yeah! it is even better!!)
76561198040030741,Recommended,603960,34360109,Posted: 19 August,all,horheristo,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ what a ride!Monolith is a super tight shmup roguelite that takes similar aspects to Enter the gungeon / The binding of Isaac by progressing through a procedually generated dungeon.You can teleport between rooms that you've already cleared, access shops, weapon and ship upgrade rooms to boost up your arsenal / stats.The difficulty curve of each floor is reasonable, as you can clearly tell the game is getting harder, but not spiking up.The game also offers a wide verity of weapons to unlock from the main hub, along with further ways to change your game experience which I won't spoil, as you'll have to progress on your own to find out.Overall if you're a shmups & roguelites fan then I guarantee you won't get dissapointed. Keep in mind that you also must have a decent skill to fully enjoy it, or else you'll end up salty and keep getting frustrated when you don't get the right rng for your ""strats"".*Thumbs up*"
,Recommended,603960,33741046,Posted: 23 July,all,iaspis,"Very well made 2D room shooter. The gameplay is extremely satisfying, addictive and the game's strong point. Guide your ship through ancient subterranean ruins, fight various types of enemies, avoid traps and search for better weapons and abilities to stand a chance against fierce bullet hell bosses! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,603960,33011211,Posted: 29 June,all,Fexus,"Not gonna write up a formal review here, but just roughly+quickly tell you my experience and why I strongly recommend this game.It's a rogue-lite shooter that just feels amazing to play. Different weapons have their merit in different situations, the dash mechanic tends to be high risk/high reward, while the game offers you enough upgrades and items each run to keep you feeling capable, but still careful and in a state of near-constant survival.Now, this is areallycliche game comparison at this point and I'm sorry for using it, but, the more difficult bosses have patterns and rhythms to them that you can learn over several attempts or playthroughs, similar to Dark Souls. This highlights one of the coolest things about this game to me; it's very good at giving you a lot of room to improve (which is obviously an important quality in a rogue-lite). Whether it's how cautious you are going into uncharted rooms, or simply getting better at dodging a certain boss' relentless onslaught of bullets. Goals outlined by achievements I initially felt would be near-impossible became challenging butsurmountable.The art direction/aesthetic of the game is a real treat. Fresh, yet reminiscent of 16-bit without feeling like a lazy retro phone in. Really interesting enemy design, charming NPCs, while bosses look/feel dire and dangerous to face. Also, the soundtrack is pretty great to say the least. A clear amount of care and attention to detail has been put into this game by Team D-13, and the price is frankly an absolute steal. My recommendation here is rough and unorganized, but I wanted to get the word out about Monolith because it should not be slept on."
,Recommended,603960,32261813,Posted: 7 June,all,PaperLaur,"Let me put it this way:I first heard about this game and downloaded the demo this morning.Now, at midnight, I've bought the game, been playing for several hours, have the ""just one more game"" effect going on in full force, and am actually leaving a review on something, which is very rare for me....I'm notoriously terrible at these types of games.This game is basically Zelda, Gungeon, and your favorite old NES/SNES shmup rolled into a neat little roguelike package with a chiptune soundtrack that's more catchy than it has any right to be, and the added bonus of a cat that just wants to be left alone.The game basically plays like a shmup. You control your little ship armed with a dash move and some bombs, and fire on enemies in each room, which you're locked into until the room is clear. You can teleport to any room you've already been to, and there are shops and other special rooms scattered about the map that you start to get a feel for. You'll upgrade your ship and gain new weapons to replace your starter, each with their own type defining how it's used, and modifiers that can make weapons fire twice as much, slow you down, fire faster, pierce through obstacles, and more. Beat the miniboss to unlock the gate to the floor boss, and keep going from there.I admittedly haven't gotten past Floor 3's boss, but the game's downright addicting. Even for someone who isn't good at shooter-style games, I found myself getting the hang of things very quickly, even dodging - the ship handles nicely, even if it takes a bit of getting used to, and the dodge move is a godsend. This game IS a bullet hell, though, even early on, especially the bosses. I can only imagine how they're going to get harder from here.I don't really know the story or if there is one, though it seems like there might be, I just need to get a bit farther. There's also upgrades you can buy in the ""lobby"" from a rather sarcastic cat...thing that likes making comments on whatever way you just died in, and also some surprisingly good advice. The dialogue with the cat's a lot of fun.Disability concerns?The game isn't too big on screenwide flashing lights - the HUD flickers and distorts more and more as your health declines, but it isn't extreme, and a lot of the visual effects can be turned off in the settings (which I've done just because my computer is crappy). Enemies do flash white when at low health. The color scheme is generally light on dark. Your ship is white, and so are some enemies, but I, a legally blind person, haven't had too many moments where I felt like I lost track of my ship. There's a lot going on, and it can get quite chaotic, as should be expected from a bullet hell. Sound cues are nice, but don't seem really necessary to play the game. Text is difficult to read at times due to the font and some sort of antialiasing glitch. Color differentiation doesn't seem to matter; the HUD changes color as your health gets lower, but other than that I haven't seen anything that requires you to know what color something is to recognize it, items and such are indicated with text.Take with a grain of salt, since I've only played the first three floors. I'll edit as I play more.Overall, really enjoying it and I wish the game luck! Excited to play more."
76561198009112210,Recommended,603960,33444061,Posted: 10 July,all,cyriak,"This is a great little game. If you like twin stick shooters and old school aesthetics then its well worth a look.It follows the basic structure of Binding of Isaac with its random arrangements of rooms each time you play, but the action is more bullet-hell shooter. Weapons have random attributes and limited ammo, which keeps the gameplay varied and interesting. While the guns themselves don't upgrade, you can power yourself up with extra health and abilities on each floor, and if you do find a gun you want to keep hold of then its possible to buy more ammo.The difficulty starts off fairly chilled and ends up pretty dangerous. I would say if you aren't into bullet dodging then things might feel a bit too busy on later floors, and some of the bosses can feel a little harsh. But you got health at least, and bombs will clear all enemy bullets if you get in trouble (top tip: 'autobomb' upgrade uses a bomb and saves your health if you get hit).To be honest, this game can kill me as much as it likes, I just love playing it anyway. The graphics and sound are perfect re-creations of the nes style I grew up with, if it wasn't for the number of sprites on screen I'd swear I was playing some lost 30-year-old game.So in conclusion, its a polished blend of action and nostalgia, simplicity and variety. Well worth the price."
76561198014524389,Recommended,603960,33495471,Posted: 12 July,all,Einirr,"This game needs more attention, seriously. It's slick, it's hard but fair, and it has that ""just one more run"" thing that happens to good roguelikes or, in this case, rogue-lite. You get one life to try to make it as deep as you can in an always different dungeon full of enemies wanting to blast you into eternity. You find new weapons, passive upgrades, life and ammo, and even the occasional secret room.If you like Shmups, roguelites, oldschool aesthetics, and pixel perfect animation and precision... then buy this game without a second thought. This is one of those games that requires enough skill to count as meditation almost. You can get into a flow of clearing rooms and bosses without getting hit, if that is also your thing, well you should have bought it yesterday.TL:DRBuy Monolith now, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,603960,32546746,Posted: 18 June,all,Intoxicatious,The Binding of Isaac meets Bullet Hell.
,Recommended,603960,32264051,Posted: 8 June,all,MrWolfman47,"First Impressions -+Tight, responsive controls+Visually easy to read+Great art style+Catchy chiptune music-Game starts Interpolated which looks like the screen is smeared in Vaseline+That pause screen tho"
,Recommended,603960,32281254,Posted: 8 June,all,Besto,"This game is VERY good. Reccomended to everyone who likes roguelikes. Similar to games like EtG but improves upon them in every way. The only problem I have with it is that controller aiming is slightly iffy right now. There is no shoot button, you shoot by pointing the right stick in any direction. So with a mouse you aim the cursor, then shoot. With a controller you aim and shoot at the same time. So if you have a weapon with ammo, you waste a little bit trying to adjust your aim every time. Even worse though is when using a weapon you have to charge, you release the right stick to shoot once the weapon is charge. This will throw of your aim, sometimes changing it entirely and making you shoot BEHIND you. Once these problems will be fixed this game will be near perfect."
76561198163462331,Recommended,603960,32514237,Posted: 17 June,all,Pablohh,This was definitely worth the money.Great game.
,Recommended,603960,32699350,Posted: 23 June,all,Timo★,"Really good roguelite shmup, feels fantastic to play and has a bunch of good enemies and a lot of really cool bosses. Difficulty feels just right and I think the game brings in more difficult room layouts the more you play which is great for replayability. Great game, recommend."
,Recommended,603960,32563080,Posted: 19 June,all,Jack Dandy,"Awesome roguelite.Feels very good to play!I like Shmups, but always found their ""Constant"" nature a bit of a drag.The randomized layouts help keep each run fresh.Really enjoyed it."
76561198038639818,Recommended,603960,32355084,Posted: 11 June,all,Gen the Skunk,"Long story short, this game is phenomenal! It also seems like it is a bit under the radar right now, so I'll gladly review it.First off, it's a roguelite shoot 'em up that's quite apparently inspired by games like Binding of Isaac, Downwell, and other roguelite titles. Those familiar with BoI will quickly find themselves on familiar turf, with familiar staples like secret rooms hidden between rooms with three or more sides, shopkeepers, ""devil"" deals, and randomized layouts and bosses.In that sense, if you're looking for originality in gameplay, this game does leave something left to be desired. There's not a whole lot of unique mechanics presented in Monolith.Furthermore, there isn't really a whole lot of upgrades and weapons to experiment with, especially if you compare it to the massive variance that Enter the Gungeon or Binding of Isaac--it's closer to Downwell in the amount of upgrades that you can acquire. If a large item pool what you're looking for in a roguelite, Monolith may fall short in that area.However, where Monolith truly shines is its execution; the pacing is quick and engaging, the music is infectious, the spritework is imaginative and fascinating...I could go on. Monolith succeeds in taking the roguelite experience and making it really shine.There is nuiance in gameplay; for instance, choosing not to pick up a weapon early on and opting to hold on to your default shot-type for awhile can reap you more rewards in the future (Namely, a higher maximum ammo capacity, and more scrap.)Bosses are definitely the height of the experience, providing the best bullet patterns and the most challenge the game has to offer.Oh, and the shopkeeper is a talking cat. What's not to like?The polish is top notch. This game was clearly a labor of love, and I can't get enough of it. If you're a fan of either roguelites or shmups, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,603960,33856885,Posted: 28 July,all,Zucchini,"A really fun and difficult roguelite/arcade/shmup game where you beat floors of enemies and bosses.The main gimick of the game is the ""bullet hell"" angle the devs picked, your ship has a very small hitbox and the screen gets filled with bullets on bosses and some rooms.Your ship's default weapon is not great, but also has no downsides, you can pick up weapons with randomized attributes to potentially get the ultimate weapon. The catch is that the ammo is limited, and some weapons are barely better than the default, or in some rare cases even worse, leading to situations where you need to replace your low ammo god weapon with a pretty bad revolver.Your ship doesn't get expodantially stronger as you complete floors like most roguelites (damage upgrades are rare and really expansive in shops). Instead, the main goal is to increase your max ammo in order to keep the actually good weapons for longer.Pros:-Tight controls and overall the gameplay feels solid, hitboxes are what you expect.-Upgrades/Pickups tell you exactly what they do when you hover over them-Good sense of progression with new store unlocks.-Music is great-AddictiveCons:-Damage/Max ammo upgrades are not guaranteed to spawn, you could play until the final boss without ever having the chance to pick one up, making the later bosses bullet sponges. RNG in general seems to determine the outcome of a run more than your skill after a certain point in the game.-HuD is pretty cramped, and really distracting when at low health."
,Recommended,603960,34836024,Posted: 9 September,all,Molyember,FRIGGIN COMFY GAME BUY IT LADS
76561198054978744,Recommended,603960,35012581,Posted: 16 September,all,Gregymon,"This is the most addicting game I've played this year. Very fast and satisfying gameplay, smooth responsive controls, great soundtrack, tons of awesome weapons and upgrades, some of which are unlocked by completing the game with different ships.I played this game during all my spare time over the last 3 weeks, slowly getting better and unlocking new stuff. I couldn't stop until I unlocked everything, great game 10/10. I hope they make some DLC for it."
,Recommended,603960,35083038,Posted: 20 September,all,thotep,"A nice blend of various roguelite ideas which feels very coherent.It's mostly a bullet-hell Binding of Isaac without the poop. There are many things to unlock and uncover. Playsessions are short and satisfying. All of this is presented with a solid, retro style.It's a bit beyond my skills, but I'm still enjoying it despite the difficulty level."
,Recommended,603960,32325481,Posted: 10 June,all,Zurack,"Monolith is a very polished game, it focuses on player skill with tight controls and carefully tuned bullet patterns.Unlike most other roguelites, it never feels unfair and it's not a slot machine. But it's far from dull, it doesn't hold your hand and you will have to try hard to beat it, it feels more like a bullet hell shmup than a typical top-down shooter and getting good at the game feels great.Fights are intense, narrowly beating a boss while you're at 1HP feels amazing and you feel like a badass.The pacing is perfect, the game never bores you with unrelated crap and goes straight to the action and never lets go, but it's not brainless either, there are often hard decisions to make when collecting items as you weight the benefits and drawbacks of switching weapons for example.The soundtrack is awesome too, several tracks are stuck in my head as I type down this review and it will be hard to forget them. If you liked the track in the trailer then you will love the rest of the soundtrack too.It's an almost perfectly tuned game, but without ever feeling overtuned, only time will tell about the longevity of this game but I can see myself playing it for a long time.tl;dr: buy it"
,Recommended,603960,33717019,Posted: 22 July,all,Misery,"So, I'll be honest here:  This one is kinda tough for me to review. There's many aspects that are so good... but...  The thing is, the flaws it does have are almost game-breaking.  Flaws that almost killed the entire thing for me within 10 minutes of starting it up the first time, and they have not and will not get better.   But we'll get to that in a bit.  I'll also point out:  I have more time with this one than Steam shows.  I hate having to point that out every bloody time, but.... Steam is Steam.At it's heart, Monolith is a fairly basic roguelike.  Go through each given floor, which is made of many rooms in a way similar to Binding of Isaac, collecting various items and weapons, buying stuff from shops, clobbering enemies, and fighting huge bosses.The gameplay is that of a twin-stick game of course, except that unlike most games in the genre, this is a bullet-hell game.  Complete with hyper-complicated bullet patterns and a general ""clog the screen with pain"" sort of design to basically everything.  You'll find tons of different types of bad guys, whether they be the dinky little weak ones, or the gigantic mean ones that spray fireballs all over the place.  Enemy patterns are greatly varied, and well thought out.  Bosses are also well done.... mostly.  There's a couple of problems that occur with certain ones, and you're likely to spot them the instant you see them.  But nothing that's actually broken here.To help you survive against the onslaught, you've got STUFF to collect.  The main thing you'll be after is weapons.  Your basic gun is weak and sad, but grab a new gun, and you'll be able to dish out some real damage.  Weapons are nicely varied in their effects, however, they have limited ammo, and managing this is one of the things you must master.  It's not easy to do, either, particularly since items of any sorts, whether they're pickups or weapons, dont stick around.  They pop the moment you leave the room they are in.  This sounds kinda bad at first, but after enough time you learn how to manage this, often avoiding specific rooms based on how much ammo you have left in your current weapon, so that you time it properly to get a new one just as it runs out.   There are also shops, stuffed full of various shiny things to buy.  The items you buy are kinda simplistic, compared to many such games.  You're not going to be buying complicated gizmos that do who knows what.  You'll be buying fairly basic things, like minor healing, permanent damage increases, weapons, and various other things.  However, the game does a good job of still keeping the shops interesting, which is actually kinda hard to do.  But it keeps you wanting to find them, and it's satisfying to buy stuff.  Aside from shops, there are all sorts of different special rooms, including one that gives you permanent passive effects, which is one of the main types of ""powerups"" you can find.   And your final advantage is the use of screen-clearing bombs, which come in different types, each type having an additional effect when used.  You can hold six of these at once, which sounds like alot but you definitely have to be careful with them.  Oh, and you have a dash/dodge move as well, but... to be honest, it's not all that useful.  The ability to zoom fast in a specific direction tends not to help all that much when you're in the middle of a complex bullet pattern.And here we come to what I consider to be the big giant problem with the game:  The controls.  Firstly:  It's going to force the use of analog sticks only.  In a bullet hell game, this is typically a huge no-no, to the point where it's absolutely baffling if a game does this.  Secondly, and far worse, is the ship's speed:  It's WAY TOO FAST.  Or I guess I should say, it's way too fast without having any way to slow it down.  In bullet hell games of any type, there's pretty much always a way to get your ship to slow the hell down.  Generally, this is done through the use of a specific button that cuts the ship's speed in half.  It creates the precision that's necessary to deal with nasty bullet patterns.  This, however, lacks that.  The overdone speed of your ship creates artificial difficulty simply because you're going to crash into things that you otherwise wouldnt.  Bullet-hell patterns are reliant on your ability to squeeze between shots, which is where the precision aspect comes in... but here, your ability to do that is hampered simply due to how fast you are moving.  Like the analog bit, the fact that this problem is even here is utterly baffling to me.  It's the sort of thing that makes me go ""How was this not spotted as an issue during development?"".It creates alot of frustration.... despite the fact that the game is actually pretty easy.  I cleared it for the first time within 90 minutes of getting the game (I have alot of experience with bullet-hell games).  However, even a fully successful run still feels just IRRITATING due to those ""smack into stupid stuff because I'm out of control"" moments.  Instead of the satisfaction of a battle well fought, I always get a ""Well that was dumb"" feeling.  Considering how well made most aspects of the game are, this is a shame.The final problem is that of visual confusion.  There's too many times of bullets meshing together badly with other things of a similar color.  For example, in the battle against the Overlord, there is going to be a heck of alot of use of orange bullets against a red background being fired by an orange boss.  That, there, is a problem.  Now, to be fair, it's *very* hard to completely avoid visual confusion of the bad sort in this genre.  Seriously, it is.  MOST games dont manage to get completely away from it, and will have certain spots where it presents a major problem.  That however doesnt mean I'm not going to mention it.  If you're familiar with shmups though, you're probably used to dealing with this one.Now, as I said, those problems (aside from that last one) are.... pretty freaking huge.  Normally, I wouldnt tolerate them in a bullet hell game.  And by ""wouldnt tolerate them"" I mean ""would refund the game"".  But all of the good parts of the game are *really* good.  The fun weapons, creative enemies, interesting room layouts (did I mention all of the stuff like water or portals?  Lots of things to find in rooms), crazy bosses with an epic feel... it does all of these things so very, very well.  The difficulty is oddly low as I said, but that also means that this is a bit more accessible than many of these, which can be a good thing.  As opposed to something like Enter the Gungeon, which rips your face off and beats you over the head with it the moment you fire it up.  And there are ways to up the difficulty here, but even then it's still not THAT hard.Those problems though... as always, I wish Steam had a ""neutral"" review option.  Sure, I enjoy the game, but if I'm going to review it, I have to be objective and honest about it, and I cant just ignore major issues like that, particularly when they permeate the entire game from start to finish.  There are a few other problems as well (such as certain weapon types being useless, like charge weapons, at least as of this writing) but they arent nearly as bad.As long as you're aware of the potential pitfalls with this one though, as long as you can deal with frustration caused by problems that seriously shouldnt be there... you're probably going to get some real fun out of this one."
,Recommended,603960,33157646,Posted: 2 July,all,Evan_N,"*Ghostly Squeal*This is such a good, happy game. It's cute, fun, pretty, and challenging. The levels hew towards the Binding of Isaac, but the game controls more like Nuclear Throne with Gungeon-like enemy bullet patterns. It's more than those individual parts though, and everything works together so well.I just can't stop playing."
76561197998366715,Recommended,603960,32547184,Posted: 18 June,all,The Protomen,"This game is all kind of amazing.Its a roguelike, and yet its also a twin-stick shoot'em up bullet hell. The weapons and upgrades you encounter will never be the same, and defeating the bosses feels awesome. It also have that nifty retro style, which is always a plus."
76561198126077949,Recommended,603960,32698626,Posted: 23 June,all,NoxProph,A very fun game offering both a challenge in the later difficulty and a treat in the graphics and music. Monolith feels good to play.
,Recommended,603960,33287874,Posted: 5 July,all,Cagar,"Easily the best roguelike that I've played. Responsive and fast, challenging but fair, mysterious, good atmosphere (and actually pretty immersive), nice soundtrack and sound design, and overall has a very cool style.I can't think of anything negative to say right now."
,Recommended,603960,32622780,Posted: 21 June,all,Larry the Cable Guy,Definitely deserves way more attention.
76561198020051864,Recommended,603960,32631083,Posted: 21 June,all,Prawdigee,"Great gameplay, twin stick shooter reminiscent of Binding of Isaac. Awesome chiptune soundtrack and a very diverse set of enemies, The levels are challenging and you'll finding yourself addictingly saying, one more time! Really underappreciated a few weeks after release, it's worth the $8, and it'd be a steal on sale.5/5 - would buy again for replayability, fun soundtrack, and addicting gameplay"
,Recommended,603960,33666521,Posted: 19 July,all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Monolith is a roguelike shooter with hyper responsible controls, inuitive design that ledsn itself to immediate pickup and play, and a soundtrack that neatly accompanies the game providing the right setting for a top down, dungeon crawling shooter. A close resemblance to Binding of Isaac, or Enter the Gungeon, and many other top down shooter roguelikes, but with a crunchy pixel, distinctly run-down sci fi shmup flavor.Monolith is a roguelite in the roguelike genre - there is permanent progression in the way of unlockable upgrades and a 'home base' after each encounter, so new items get added to your runs. Many of these items are also toggleable, so if you unlock an upgrade you  end up disliking, you can turn it off so it no longer appears in future runs. This lets you customize your RNG just that little bit to help get rid of some of the bad-feels that can happen ina roguelike when you just get a really lame upgrade.Gameplay has a simple loop: enter room, blow everything up, go to next room. Rooms resolve quickly, and dungeons are randomly generated and laid out the same way an old NES Zelda dungeon (orr the afore mentioned Gungeon/BoI) would be laid out, grid style. Treasure rooms, upgrade rooms, shops and miniboss rooms litter each floor as well as the main boss room. The game can be played with keyboard and aiming mouse, or as dualstick with a controller. I played it both ways and I don't particularly have a preference just yet except to say that like always, aiming with the mouse is more precise, since there's a direct crosshair for what you're aiming at, freeing you up to just concentrate on moving. You have access to a lightspeed dash (which can be upgraded into a true teleport to gain invincibility), and bullet clearing bombs to help you wiggle out of situations. Your hitbox is clearly shown as a bright green pixel, a color that always stands out on the screen. You can disable the hitbox visual if you really want, but given the game is a (forgiving, but still a) bullet hell shmup and you need to know exactly how close you can dodge, I see no reason to disable it - it's not intrusive and only helps.The learning curve is pretty steep - there's a short tutorial that gives you the basics, a starter boss, and then you're tossed in. The first floor right up to the boss is pretty forgiving, then the stops get pulled out and the game only gets more intense from there. So far I've made it about halfway through the 4th floor on runs before exploding. Your ship is pretty hardy, and between frequent drops and pickups, and money to spend at stores, as well as bombs, you do get a lot of margin for error, making those learning times easier to handle rather than instantly exploding.Speaking of items - weapons receive randomly generated properties, meaning a fireball isn't always a fireball - it might explode into more projectiles, freeze enemies, lock on, split, charge, or more. You can only hold one weapon at a time, and they have limited (though generous) ammo stocks. You're rewarded for swapping to new weapons if you have ammo left in the old, so you're constantly getting new weapon types throughout a run.The game feels satisfying and responsive to play, and rewards skill with combo multipliers that increase your money income, and a higher score at the end of runs used to purchase new upgrades. The music is enjoyable, and the art style evokes a retro-style dungeon crawler full of pixeled explosions and lasers. It's also only eight dollars - at full price! A steal for the content you get.An easy recommendation to the top-down shooter fan, and people looking for a new, perma-progression roguelite with a bit different flavor than the horror-style BoI, or the irrevenent space western slash fantasy of Gungeon. The trailer is completely representative of what you get in the game, so use that as your judge."
,Recommended,603960,32834871,Posted: 26 June,all,Gambidt,"running windows 10starting in win7 compatibility mode displays a full black screen and nothing else.trying to run in -windowed or -ws mode comes up with 'app failed to start'running in normal mode leads to an error that says the game needs elevation.tried runnign as admin only to be prompted to allow privelages.hit okay, allow.the game closes and re-starts only to ask the same question againhit okay, allow.the cycle continues indefintelyuninstalling the game and re-installing, leads to asking for elevtaion, and then the ask to make changes loop starts all over again when i do elevate the game in any compatibility mode-------------------------i have discovered a fix, and it is a very strange one.so the game will not re-run as admin after you have approved to allow it to make changes, but it will run if you start in in admin and then it re-opens as non-admin.to do this i had to un-check run as admin and then just right click and run as admin that way. i dont know why this happens this way, but it is a fix for those who might be experiencing this issue.NOTE- you must run in win7 compatibility mode if you are on windows 10"
,Recommended,603960,32317104,Posted: 10 June,all,six-forty-five,"first thing I want to say:Great Music.(seriously the tunes in this have been stuck in my head for days)second:Ive seen that this took five years to create.FIVE YEARS.This was a labor of love, and trust me it shows.I could list for you all of its pros and cons, but at the time of writing this, there is already 41 positive reviews, so Im thinking that others have probably done so more concisely, and imaginatively then I could, so I will just keep it simple:Its under 10$ -its top notch quality-its fun to play-the music is great (lovely chiptunes)If youre trying to decide to buy this or not, Id say go for it. I personally have wasted more then ten dollars on much less satisfying and frankly silly things, and so have you."
,Recommended,603960,32877356,Posted: 27 June,all,Dew,Yes.
,Recommended,603960,34298639,Posted: 16 August,all,THATS ALOT OF DAMAGE,"Im a sucker for some good chiptune and, this game certainly did not dissapoint me."
,Recommended,603960,33676438,Posted: 20 July,all,danbo must die,"Solid, well-polished game, particularly for the asking price.I'm not really into the whole roguelite thing, but I enjoyed this in spite of that. Everything feels right, from shooting to moving to even the ""dash"" move - I was so relieved to find the game didn't try to build itself around an invulnerable dodge roll like I see in so many other games. Very simple affair, dodge bullets, shoot ghosts. Get weapons and feel good until they run out of ammo. Use bombs to get out of bad situations.Took me about 8 hours to beat the TLB on Hard mode. An engaging little challenge, and to me it seems the game would rather be entertaining, straightforward and polished than outright ""ha ha gotcha idiot"" hard for no reason. Not a huge amount of awful esoterica to get your head around, you can just pick up and play. Game is very straightforward about rewarding you for playing well via a money multiplier mechanic, and forgiving of small mistakes. Perfect to enjoy over a lazy weekend or so.Good things:- Bombs are fun to use, liberally supplied and help make up for things that would otherwise be quite rough. You can play it fast and loose, which I love.- The bosses are pretty well-put together. Nice variety without being gimmicky. Definitely the part about this game I like the most. I'd love to see a boss rush mode.- The ""intensity"" setting alongside the difficulty is a cute idea, letting you set a tempo (as in: do more damage, take more damage) for the game independent of core difficulty.- Art style is coherent, functional, slick and well-presented. I see too many indie action games hampered by a reliance on screenshake - even the default setting in this game is perfectly fine, and you get lots of different settings for it.- Instant fast travel takes lots of tedium out of traversing the areas.- Tiny player hitbox. Everyone loves tiny hitboxes. You'd have to be nuts not to like tiny hitboxes.""Maybe"" things:- Game rolls fairly light on many of the upgrade/weapon elements. Might leave some roguelite fans out in the cold who want to build immense, game-breaking synergies, but as more of an arcade shoot-em-up guy I like the straightforward balance this lends the game. Difficult to get screwed over by bad drops.- Lots of grinding for gameplay unlocks. I'm not really into this beyond the most minimal implementation, and it seems like after clearing the Hard mode TLB twice in a row I should be able to afford more things. Some like this though, I'm sure. Being able to remove certain unlockables from the item pool is a nice player-friendly option though.- On hard mode the game relies a lot on death bullets/attacks to keep things interesting. It ends up adding a nice dynamic at times, having to hold your fire around certain enemies, but it can sometimes feel like you're taking unavoidable damage for being aggressive. (This is why the game is so generous with bombs, use them!)- Some things like trophies or how certain cosmetic things are triggered aren't well-explained.Bad things:- Some of the sounds are a little off. Some enemies / attacks produce sounds that sound like they would be ""player taking damage"" in any other game, so it's a little distracting.- A few rough things about certain boss bullet patterns, like not being warned of bullets suddenly spawning at the bottom of the screen, etc. Just small things.- The ""green halo"" effect on certain enemies in Hard mode that sucks you in towards them is a very frustrating thing to include. Hardly a dealbreaker though.Just a straightforward, fun little game. I hope the team does well out of it."
,Recommended,603960,34094975,Posted: 7 August,all,dilda,"One of the best shoot em up rogue-lite games I have played. I really love how fast paced you can be and how if you get good enough can completely dash behind a butt load of enemy fire and defeat your enemy. Really fun! Not as challenging as some, but that is what makes this rogue-lite so fun compared to other rogue-lite like Enter the Gungeon, The binding of issac, and other types of games that are dungeon rogue-lites. Recommend to anyone looking for a ""easier"" rogue-lite experience and also looking to have fun while playing. Excellent game!"
,Recommended,603960,35127917,Posted: 22 September,all,Emerald Witch,"This game is a wild take on ""what if the NES had procedural gen roguelike twin stick shooters?"" and I love it. The art, sound, and music are all wonderful and complement each other well. The action is fast paced and quickly becomes extremely difficult as you explore deeper into the ruins.I would recommend this to anyone who likes procedural gen stuff & fast paced shooter action, whether you are into the retro aesthetic or not. For me the retro style just adds more appeal on top of a solid foundation that anyone can enjoy."
,Recommended,603960,32303559,Posted: 9 June,all,Artorias,"Absolutely phenomenal blend of Binding of Isaac's room-by-room flavor of Roguelike and your nearest bullet hell shmup. Controls smoothly, nails the aesthetic it's shooting for, interesting and significant upgrade pick-ups, fun boss designs all in a graphical and musical package that puts me in mind of what would happen if Pixel (the Cave Story person) designed a rogue-lite. Well played on all fronts."
,Recommended,603960,32371371,Posted: 12 June,all,★ kpulv ★,"this game is a masterpiece!!  such a great aesthetic with superb attention to detail.  I feel like I'm learning a lot about art, effects, difficulty, and feel just from playing it!  as a dev this game is really inspiring.as a player this game is SUPER FUN.  if you like shmups, and/or bullet hell type games, definitely pick up this beauty and support the excellet devs that obviously poured so much love into it.personal opinion: I don't like systems that unlock permanently in games like this, but it's not a deal breaker.also sometimes it feels like runs are totally determined by how much attack power upgrades you can find, which sometimes is a lot, and sometimes a few.  such is the slot machine of these types of games.  hopefully I can become good enough at the game to not have to rely on attack power so much though.my favorite game to appear on steam totally out of the blue in the past few months for sure!"
,Recommended,603960,32261299,Posted: 7 June,all,Is not an Axe,Rogue-adjacent Bullet hell with some really satisfying dash mechanics and fun bosses make for a really fun game
76561198041765678,Recommended,603960,32267081,Posted: 8 June,all,DedVoid,"I don't think I've ever wanted to leave a review so quickly before; just to show how much I like a game.Monolith is amazing, and it's REALLY difficult for a game to impress me nowadays, especially a rogue-like/rogue-lite style game.The core of the game and everything about it, both mechanically and aesthetically is flawless.As you've probably deciphered, the game is a shmup with a zelda-dungeon/Binding of Isaac map layout. You are a ship that shoots bullets (:O), acquires different weapons, and maneuvers around enemy projectiles via moving and dashing. You're also equipped with bombs which can save you from taking damage in a tricky situation.Every room is a different assortment of enemies in a different layout. And while the variety of enemies isn't massive, much like the Binding of Isaac, it doesn't need to be. The core gameplay of being able to move in any direction whilst blowing up undead, robots, and other interesting creatures is insanely satisfying. What I also am beginning to discover is that the more you play the more secrets in the game you begin to discover, which adds to the already potent longevity of the game.There are many unique things on each floor, some on every floor and some only are seen every now and then.Every floor has a weapon room and an upgrade room, and usually along with a shop of some description.The weapons are all very satisfying to use and unique from one another. Every weapon also has some attributes attached to it that are randomized. For example: reflecting bullets, bullets splitting upon hitting enemies, and a whole lot more neat things. I had a time where every moment I would fire the screen would be FILLED with lasers. Something like a triple shot lasers that reflected off walls. And I for one, am a fan of obliterating room with lasers instantly, although usually it isn't that easy. Which I'm okay with.The upgrade room item pool is not massive, but it's similar to Downwell in a sense. The upgrades are simple but they certainly support different playstyles and desires. Heck, one upgrade just spawns 4 extra powerful weapons to choose from.Shops are pretty simple as you can probably imagine, but there are different varieties of shops, something I feel you should discover for yourself, it is worth mentioning that there's a fair amount of variety in there as well.There are some other types of special rooms you will encounter as well as I've discovered.Finally, the bosses. All the bosses in the game are wonderfully designed both in their art design and their fight mechanics. All of them are very unique from one another and are very fulfilling and satisfying to fight. There's a great assortment of mini bosses scattered around each floor as well which are ALSO... yes, very unique from one another.And of course, it's worth mentioning that the aesthetic, art, and music of the game is top notch and melds perfectly together.UPDATE: Recently a new update for the game has come out, with the main introductions being new weapons, playable ships, and ""hard mode"".Now, this game does ""hard mode"" better than the vast majority of games. The majority of games will just scale things up in some way.Monolith's new hard mode makes most enemies behave differently in their bullet patterns or their movement, or both. More notably, it makes bosses have new bullet patterns and some bosses even get entirely new phases. Combined with this, something that I wasn't expecting, this is a spoiler:There's a new true final boss which is wondrous.This update is better than a lot of paid DLC and it's free, which is great. Adding to what I already believe is a highly overlooked gem.---Anyway, hopefully this was somewhat insightful.I'm someone who's played hardcore bullet hell games before so I feel right at home with the dodging and aiming, but even if you're not someone who plays shmups, this is quite accessible. The game has a low skill-floor but a very high skill-ceiling. if you're someone who has even a passing interest in rogue-likes, arcade games, or just blowing ghosts up while shooting fireballs out of a spaceship, then you really should buy it.The price is ridiculous at 8 dollars. 5 years of development made something I feel is truly spectacular, and I certainly plan to play a more of this game in the future."
,Recommended,603960,32693981,Posted: 23 June,all,cbellanger,"Solid game in every dimension. This is one of those ""just one more round, oh 3 hours have passed"" games. The art style and soundtrack take me back to Section Z memories in the best way."
76561198114856067,Recommended,603960,32698460,Posted: 23 June,all,Damos,"Addictive skill-based gameplay loop, intense and rewarding boss fights, great soundtrack, this game is very polished and consistently a joy to play. If the trailer raised your curiosity, don't hesitate further. It's as fun as it looks!"
76561198055065247,Recommended,603960,32710315,Posted: 23 June,all,Wasabi,"This game is an instant classic in my book.The pixel style graphics suit this game perfectly, as it is a retro styled twin stick shooter with the twist of it being a roguelike. All of the weapon types are somewhat balanced, although there are some modifiers which are clearly better than others. Each of the floors and the bosses that appear on then are unique and have their own bullet hell patterns to dodge. Monolith may not have the slew of content that other roguelikes such as The Binding of Issac and FTL have, but for only $8 it's hard to put down such a pleasant experience."
,Recommended,603960,33475385,Posted: 12 July,all,Spooky Skeleton Man,"This is one of the best roguelikes ever made.I'll update this once I hit 10 hours, my guess is that won't take long. I'm hooked.Much more than worth the price of admission if you're a roguelike fanatic, or if you like retro graphics+challenging bullet hell scenarios. This game keeps you on your toes and stays fresh. No noticeable sameness with the generated areas and the pixel art is beautiful."
,Recommended,603960,33620953,Posted: 17 July,all,cemcdnld,Like Binding of Isaac but more fun somehow; a great blend of shoot-em-ups and zelda dungeon-crawling. Lots of character.
76561198109626876,Recommended,603960,33711310,Posted: 21 July,all,TwitchinSal,"Yeah, I know, ""twin-stick roguelikes"" are a dime a dozen these days, but believe me, you'd be doing yourself one heck of a disservice not to stop and grant this particular specimen a good honest look, especially if you tend to be more concerned with the ""shooter"" portion of the equation.While there is an unobtrusive background story present, the blink-and-you-miss-it tutorial tells you all you really need to know: move, aim/shoot, dash, bomb. From there it's all about blasting and dodging your way through a short but never boring series of overhead-view dungeons populated by all manner of meanies and traps, though thankfully the next shop, weapon cache, or permanent upgrade is never too far away, and even a little practice pays dividends. While it might take controller-bound shooter vets a bit of time to get used to bullet-weaving with an analog stick, movement mechanics are finely tuned and your plucky little ship's hitbox is quite forgiving, so you can almost always manage to slip your way out of trouble.Briefly note the ""almost"" disclaimer - while the dungeons are only semi-random (the rooms are hand-designed but their arrangement changes every run) and usually give players a more than fair chance to emerge unscathed, every once in awhile you'll enter a chamber and encounter an enemy unloading a clip in your face almost before you can blink, with little room to maneuver. Moreover, while there aren't any truly ""bad"" special weapons or enhancements to find (and the achievements list challenges you to finish without them outright), from time to time your current armament will simply be a poor match for the adversary you've stumbled upon, and you'll have little choice but to grit your teeth and flail your way through.Mind you, I must emphasize that the above situations are mere occasional speed bumps amidst an otherwise sublime ride: your progress is auto-mapped each run and completed rooms can be instantly teleported to, making exploration a breeze. Enemies not only drop cash which is both spent at shops and tallied for a final score, but charge a multiplier as you dispatch them without taking a hit, whilst simultaneously daring you to swoop in close and clear each room quickly to claim maximum rewards. Top it all off with a fistful of secrets to suss out, carried-over unlocks which can be toggled off if you wish, and some white-knuckle boss fights and you've got yourself one of Steam's most pleasant out-of-nowhere surprises. Oh, and not long before this was typed the developer added a bunch of extra stuff.Long story short: there's a demo on itch.io, download it, play it (it runs like a champ even on non-gaming machines, and looks and sounds great all the while), get a taste of what all the fuss is about. I'm more than willing to predict that most of you interested enough to do so will come racing back over here to offer the creators some well-deserved cash for the full version; if there is any justice in this world this highly-talented developer will rightly reap success, praise, and additional opportunities to showcase what the indie scene is truly capable of."
76561198048692864,Recommended,603960,34363392,Posted: 19 August,all,Fox Fire,"A great little bullet hell semi-roguelike game, quite a bit of fun and fairly challening!"
76561198002595689,Recommended,603960,33795119,Posted: 25 July,all,Dizzy (Binary),"Great RogueLite!!!Monolith is a schmup/RogueLite Hybrid, you clear floors, discover secrets, beat bosses, and descent ever deeper into the dungeon.----------------------------Pros:-Bullet Hell gameplay-Exploration-Big Variety of Weapons and Upgrades-Tons of Secrets and Unlockables-Weapons have different mechanics-YOU CAN DASH.... NEED I SAY MORE?Cons:-Too easy? I only say this because I beat the ""Overlord"" on my first try. I felt that the game was a bit easy. EDIT: There is a challenge for those who want it.-A bit Buggy, I had to do some troubleshooting to get it to launch without a Black Screen. (Run in Windows 7 mode)EDIT: The game isn't too easy, I'm 20 hours in now. Beating hard mode can be a true challenge."
76561197970164305,Recommended,603960,34203098,Posted: 12 August,all,jaargon,"I like Binding of Isaac. I like Downwell. I like Cave shmups. I like nostalgia. I like Monolith.Edit: after playing a bit more, this game also reminds me of Atomic Robo Kid."
76561198039733839,Recommended,603960,34251329,Posted: 15 August,all,MisterSkillster,"This game feels tight. The hit box is tiny, there's lots of bullets, and you always feel like you're in complete control over your craft. It doesn't seem to have the massive amount of content that Isaac does, but what is there is very well executed and the game is easily worth 8 dollars."
,Recommended,603960,32860394,Posted: 27 June,all,SolidTekkai,"great roguelite, made me want to try out some bullet hell shmups."
,Recommended,603960,32902184,Posted: 27 June,all,Starbolt🌟,"Im gonna start this by saying that this game's really cool, guys.I really enjoy the music, art, and controls this top down shooter has to offer. It's about on the same level as cave story but you know, without the jumping and the story.Pros:Great musicCool pixel artGood contorlsEasy to get used toCons:Ehh nothing, really.I killed Overlord but I died right after"
,Recommended,603960,34606723,Posted: 30 August,all,tearfromthered,"One of the freshest take on the ""rogue-lite"" mania I'd play in a while. Amazing ""retro"" feeling with a lot of good ""random"" events as well. It gets slowly harder as you progress and it's a good game for novice both to SMUP and rogue-like game."
,Recommended,603960,35157532,Posted: 23 September,all,Boku no Urinal Assault Victim,"This is a fun, fairly challenging game.  Perfect for quick 20 minute runs."
,Recommended,603960,35272711,Posted: 28 September,all,Modsme,This game is really hard. I love it! One of my favorite rouglikes.
,Recommended,603960,35361327,Posted: 30 September,all,Invghost,"How can I not give this game a positive review. I still haven't completed it, yet this game is up there with Binding of Isaac. Does it beat it.. Probably not, but only by a little bit."
,Recommended,603960,35341040,Posted: 30 September,all,Error,Lovin' it.It sounds like Link's Awakening.Looks like Galaga.Feels like Binding of Isaac.But is it's own beast entirely.Much love indeed.Would love a N3DS port of this baby.
76561197963119840,Recommended,603960,32324773,Posted: 10 June,all,SeventeenUncles,"Buying Monolith was nearly the best thing to happen to me this month, 2nd only to being diagnosed HIV positive."
,Recommended,603960,32259875,Posted: 7 June,all,Athanaric,"Do you like SHMUPs?  Do you like 360 shooters?  Do you like Roguelikes?  Then you'll probably like this game.  It feels like a mix of these games with a 1987 Zelda dungeon feel.  It seems to have some roguelite features as well, which I have yet to unlock, but overall for only 8 dollars it's hard to say that this game won't be worth some time.The weapons have different modifiers which can be active or inactive for each of them, and the random aspect of that adds some nice variability to them.  I know for a fact that I like lasers, but do I like them when they also split, or only if they spread?  Do I like the magnum even if it homes on the closest enemy, or will I only like it if it pierces enemies?I'm a huge fan of roguelike and bullet hell shooters, so this will be something that will keep me occupied for some time.  My 1 hour impression is a solid 8/10.You can find the first hour of my playthrough here where I streamed it live on Youtube.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78_fCLsGd4g&t=12s"
,Recommended,603960,32262051,Posted: 7 June,all,Fishsticks,"I feel like I'm playing the offspring of Binding of Isaac combined with both Enter The Gungeon and Starward Rogue.  5 years in the making Monolith feels like as unreleased Turbographx 16 gem pulled out of a secret vault somewhere in Asia.  What makes Monolith truly special in comparison to other rogue titles though is its extremely fast paced nature.  Not just its quick and deadly twinstick action but also the speed in which you traverse from room to room to progress through the levels.  Kudos to the devs allowing the ability to warp instantly to any explored room on a floor to keep the pace flowing.Love this game and its fast bullethell mayhem!  The music, text, graphics and sound all briing me back to my early teenage years.  Simply awesome and controller recommended."
,Recommended,603960,32264947,Posted: 8 June,all,El Oshcuro,"So, it's a SHMUP mixed with the rogueness of Isaac and the pixel perfect NES aesthetic of Shovel Knight. WOW."
,Recommended,603960,32278242,Posted: 8 June,all,Darloth,"Quick, fun, shooty.Has the overall feel and precision of a shmup from yesteryear, the semi-unlock progression of an Isaac/Gungeon style many-runs game, and the pixelart of a retro classic.It's good."
,Recommended,603960,32285368,Posted: 9 June,all,no,"Kinda like Binding of Isaac crossed with... Super Crate Box (or Downwell). It doesn't have anywhere near Isaac's scope of wacky cross-mutations, but it's got a really Nice Aesthetic and feels/looks/plays more like an ""actual bullet hell"" than Isaac does. Still not sure how much content is actually there. I feel like I'm nearing the end of the content after just three hours... but... I may be proven wrong on that.still though, the moment-to-moment bullet-dodging is so demanding that even if it DOES run out of content sooner rather than later, I'm optimistic about its replay value.Hopefully i'll update this review later once I have more to say about that."
,Recommended,603960,32280529,Posted: 8 June,all,Goodguy3,"A very fun game with a good pixel visual style and satisfying, tight controls, as well as a surprisingly eerie atmosphere at times. You could absolutely do worse for $7.99 and even if you're not sure the devs are generous enough to provide a demo on itch.io.https://monolithdevs.itch.io/monolithOh, and be sure to go into the video options and turn off interpolation. There's the good stuff!"
,Recommended,603960,32280555,Posted: 8 June,all,㉿ҾŁǞЧՁθ,"Awesome game, i love the old-school pixel art look and roguelike elements ,works flawlessly controlling a ship,it is a great mix.Brief description:The spaces on the screens are tight so you have to be fast in your reactions.There are many upgrades and weapons as expected.Catchy 8 bit music.The mini boss/boss fights transform the game into a bullet hell.Controls are precise , i like that the ship reduce the hitbox while strafing ,practically becomes a vertical line or horizontal.You can transport immediately to any point of the map that you already discovered.Great game in general, nothing bad to say."
76561197976715143,Recommended,603960,32695006,Posted: 23 June,all,Deadite AGK,"In this video I review the indie gem, MONOLITH by Team D-13. The rogue-lite scene has a new contender in town that takes the genre to new heights with spot on bullet hell game play and a killer soundtrack... and remember... shop smart, shop S marthttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HD_oSvU3aWc"
,Recommended,603960,32330043,Posted: 10 June,all,PlasmaStickMan,Enter the Binding of Fraxy. Best way I could describe this.
,Recommended,603960,32338132,Posted: 11 June,all,YEZH,Pause screen 10/10
,Recommended,603960,32359471,Posted: 12 June,all,Dark Vader,"Great little SHCMUPLIKE shooter style roguelite shooter.+ You are a space ship.+ The shop music is stuck in my head.- Can't spin ship while riding elevator.Overall, 1/lith"
,Recommended,603960,33868754,Posted: 28 July,all,[ҒџпҜ] Maj. Dong,Damn good twin stick roguelite!
,Recommended,603960,33866114,Posted: 28 July,all,AlexTheShyCat,"A really good, challenging and stylish rogue-like shoot-em-up.Going to play a lot more and 100% it.Developers also have great plans for the game which is really exciting."
76561198066495904,Recommended,603960,32262053,Posted: 7 June,all,FCKundo,This is the game i´ve been waiting for a long time. The perfect mix of genres.We have. In one hand the map exploration of zelda where you go room by room facing new enemies and finding awesome ITEMS.Excelent Bullet hell mechanics where you have to practice OLD SCHOOL STYLE trying not to die. DEATH in this game is permanent so play wellAnd finally awesome ROGUELIKE exploration (More like ROGUELITE) where you have tons of variety and items everywhere. You can experiment with combinations of guns while trying to find what playstyle you like the most.And the best of them all....LOTS OF SURPRICES that i wont spoil for you.I really loved this game and if i could give a RATING to it my score would be 9/10IN LOVE WITH THIS RETRO GEM!
,Recommended,603960,32286400,Posted: 9 June,all,Telek1n3tik,"Awesome game, great soundtrack. Has an old school Konami/Ultra feel to it. Highly recommend."
76561198096849862,Recommended,603960,33868775,Posted: 28 July,all,Architect_Apoclypse,"Worth It? YESLIKESRogue-lite bullet-hell top-down shooterNew items unlock as you progress8-bit NES style graphicsChip-tune soundtrackNo floor is ever the sameBoss battles are intense and funFull controller supportDISLIKESCan't dodge through bullets unless the skill to do so is unlocked during a runSome enemy bullets look like collectible scrapSkilled shoot-em-up players will beat game quicklyThe Final WordI've never played such a smooth top-down arena shooter before. Your ship's movement is super tight making it a breeze to dodge, especially with a controller. If you get hit, it wont be by mistake.Strap yourself in because the pace is fast! Rooms are not only filled with enemies, but environmental dangers too. Mini bosses block your way to item shops and ability docks. Every floor has a dock which allows you to choose from 3 abilities. Between runs more abilities can be unlocked along with new guns and bombs. You will need multiple runs to learn enemy patterns and boss strategies. Boss fights look fantastic and all have a huge array of attacks you will need to learn to defeat them.Monolith consists of 5 levels -- each getting tougher than the last -- all of which contain secret rooms holding high level upgrades. There are multiple endings and many achievements to chase. With only 16MB of HDD space required, anyone can jump in to the depths of the Monolith... and few make it out alive.Read the Full Review"
76561198287052852,Recommended,603960,32331523,Posted: 10 June,all,hollow_earth,"""I'm in love"""
,Recommended,603960,33662116,Posted: 19 July,all,Losian Rooke,"I need to first stress how tired I am of roguelikes and procedural content in indie games recently. I believe that randomization and procedural content are precision tools, not flamethrowers and blunt-force hammers like they tend to be used. Too many games just throw a few mechanics into a blender and let it procedurally puke out a mediocre attempt at a game.But this game, Monolith, does it *right*. It *feels* like a good roguelike. If I have any complaint it's that some of the rooms repeat a little too often and become recognizable kinda fast, and some of the weapons feel like they just plain suck in comparison to the others, but overall it's downright fun.It's quick enough that it isn't a slog to get further, and even then the available items and upgrades are numerous enough that you tend to be reasonably well equipped for what lies ahead, rather than feeling like you have to restart if you don't get some good stuff on the first level or two. The sounds are solid and the music rocks, and the pixel art style is lovely and consistent. Enemies are pretty varied and the controls are perfectly tight - you can really squeeze between some narrow bullet gaps which makes for some very satisfying bullet hell boss type scenarios.I'm quick to criticize the use of procedural content, but Monolith really uses it right. I've enjoyed poking at it and getting further, and in doing so earning currency to unlock some new powerups, weapons, and such which helps give you a sense of progress even when you die.In my opinion it's got a great look and feel, solid sound, and does a roguelike shoot 'em up pretty damn right."
,Recommended,603960,32357603,Posted: 11 June,all,PikaFlare,"An excellent bullet hell game with nice rougelike progression. A lot of fun, and very challenging. Cannot recommend this game enough!"
76561197997404574,Recommended,603960,32264797,Posted: 8 June,all,Gerard,Shmup + dungeon crawler + so many weapon + variable enemy = very fun!
,Recommended,603960,32245867,Posted: 7 June,all,mhs,pretty nice
,Recommended,603960,32247708,Posted: 7 June,all,Pijen,"This is fantastic. Lovely style and feel to it, has kept me up when I meant to have an early night!"
76561198010360964,Recommended,603960,32284156,Posted: 8 June,all,Rexxy,It's a really well done shoot 'em up with procedural dungeons. Challenging and fun.
76561198277984478,Recommended,603960,32248006,Posted: 7 June,all,TemmieNeko,"Quite a lovely little rogue lite shooter game using dual stick , or mouse and keyboard,This isn't an auto scrolling shooter, it's a map-based, randomly generated, powerups , weps, etc .. game!Think Binding of isaac, but with a lil spaceship ; and you're on the right track :3This is very good stuff, well priced, and humorous writing as well.Recommended for anyone that is a fan of rogue lites."
,Not Recommended,603960,32704863,Posted: 23 June,all,Kinix,"Recommended to: People new to the genre / haven't ""seen it all""Not recommended to: genre veterans, the game doesn't add anything new to the formulabasically a ""lite"" Isaac.I do like this game, and will continue playing it! Just not for someone who's played a lot of the genre and is looking for something fresh.EDIT: DUE TO BACKLASH, I'LL PUT MORE THOUGHT INTO THIS REVIEW!This game is almost purely *the* newcomers roguelike. simple to understand, not too difficult, and takes the isaac formula and ""dumbs"" it down for people new to the genre. I love this game. It does what it wants to do right. The main problem is that for people like me who have played way too much of this genre, it isn't very eye catching and interesting. The reason I can handle it not doing too much interesting is because I'm a sucker for these games.  so here's a pros and cons list for the angry dudes saying this is the best roguelike of 2017:PROS:- movement, the ship feels great, everything feels great- newcomer friendly in so many ways- short runs, duration of an average run is 20-30 minutes, the perfect coffee break roguelike- it does the pacing just right, this is the first ""isaac-like"" that isn't slow!- the weapons system, probably the one unique thing this game does!- it's adorable...CONS:- not very fresh, I don't think it's worth paying 8 bucks just for a weapons system. this genre is so oversaturated that finding something new these days is difficult.- run variety is lacking. aside from weapon pickups, the only items are stat based, and only for health, ammo, and damage. there's upgrades too, but those are also boring and there's not enough of them. the game suffers from a lack of content.- the meta (that I have found). You do the same thing every run. pick up random weapons until 4th or 5th floor, then pick the ""choose from a powerful selection of weapons"" upgrade and take whatever railgun it gives you, and then it's gg.[these may not be a lot of isues, but they are major isues.]if you are a genre sucker like I am, than this is a gem. looking for something new and unique? you won't find that here."
,Recommended,603960,32275873,Posted: 8 June,all,smb,Shmup + roguelite? I´m in. Pew pew pew pew
76561197970532781,Recommended,603960,32273471,Posted: 8 June,all,TheRadian,"Awesome retro twin-sticker. It didn't look like much, but it has a ton of deapth and replayability, and I'm just scratching the surface."
,Recommended,603960,32274558,Posted: 8 June,all,› Cream Gravy,Fast paced Shoot-Em Up that will appeal heavily to lovers of binding of isaac. The art style and music remind me a lot of cave story sometimes and the atmosphere is all around great all for 8$. 9/10 and a definite purchase if you have 8 dollars lying around.
,Recommended,603960,32278644,Posted: 8 June,all,MetalSharkGamer,"Great game, great price."
76561198009909296,Recommended,603960,32278279,Posted: 8 June,all,sugar__cookie,"A SHMUP with rogue-lite elements... Sounds like a dream come true yet I was not sure if that dream would be wonderful haven of delight or a nightmare that drained all hope. This game is certainly the former. The music is charming and engaging, the enemies seem varied and the game is very unpredictable. On my first and only run so far I received an upgrade of homing fire bullets that split into three early on, making it seem horribly easy to me. Coupled with the fact that I enjoy SHMUPS very much, I was worried it would prove disappointing. Then I ran into two bosses, the first nearly draining all my health and the second decimating me like I did its minions, making my seemingly overpowered weapon appear useless in the face of their might. For anybody who likes bullet hells and rogue-lites, this is a match made in heaven."
76561197980817163,Recommended,603960,32280969,Posted: 8 June,all,JimmyJack,This game is a master piece!
,Recommended,603960,32281015,Posted: 8 June,all,Spooker,"Really hope this game doesn't get slept on, cause its like really good"
,Recommended,603960,32325484,Posted: 10 June,all,Shinki,"Fun rogue-like that is similar to other twin stick shooters of the current era. However, this has a lot more bullet-hell and is more on your toes than the other casual twin sticks. Combat is tough but getting hit is always your fault as the game gives several escape options not counting upgrades that can assist you. Highly recommend it if you want a game to challenge you."
,Recommended,603960,32259954,Posted: 7 June,all,SMFK,I have played very little of this game but have enjoyed it so far.If your monitor is setup for over 60hz be sure to enable V-Sinc or the game will play at an accelerated pace.
76561198009156462,Recommended,603960,32260382,Posted: 7 June,all,Ces,"I cannot express how instantly charming this game is. There'd a definite nostalgia factor to the art and gameplay, but good lord did I ever get exactly what I expected. Just watch the intro video, if you like what you see, you'll like what you get."
,Recommended,603960,32260472,Posted: 7 June,all,Moo,"A great little roguelite twin-stick shooter, although be warned: if your monitor is over 60 hertz, be sure to enable Vsync in the settings, as leaving it disabled will make the game run faster."
76561198009596233,Recommended,603960,32822317,Posted: 26 June,all,Mr. Pharaoh,Game is an excellent indie shooter with a good amount of replayability. I purchased this on a whim with refund credits from another shooter that crashed on me at startup and I have no regrets.  I'm anticpating the added content that the devs are working on.  GG
76561198044635879,Recommended,603960,33027943,Posted: 30 June,all,8caster,"Before, a unknown gameBought game when it was made knownI do not regret"
,Recommended,603960,33631317,Posted: 18 July,all,Purps™,The gameplay kicks♥♥♥♥♥The atmosphere kicks♥♥♥♥♥The artstyle kicks♥♥♥♥♥The music kicks♥♥♥♥♥The new update kicks♥♥♥♥♥The game just sort of kicks♥♥♥♥♥Steam censoring a$$ doesn't kick♥♥♥♥♥though.
76561197992400820,Recommended,603960,33637995,Posted: 18 July,all,REKM1,"Great game. Reminds me quite a lot of Nuclear Throne, but is imo less punishing (still pretty hard tho)."
,Recommended,603960,33626889,Posted: 18 July,all,blaac,fantastic game
,Recommended,603960,33664854,Posted: 19 July,all,Karsh,"Amazing gamefeel, thoughtfully-designed roguelike gameplay, great shmup bullet patterns.It has at least three unique pause screens."
,Recommended,603960,33664723,Posted: 19 July,all,LMOrchard,"Monolith reminds me of one of my all-time favorite NES games, Guardian Legend. This game doesn't have the vertical scrolling shmup sections, but it does have the top-down room-based zelda-esque dungeon crawling thing down going with plenty of bullet hell. It's also got some great retro music and I dig the roguelite style with progression. Controls feel pretty great and some of the weapons are just downright satisfying. Very much well worth the price!"
76561198041753179,Recommended,603960,33668321,Posted: 20 July,all,dado.cangemi,"great game, a little gem mixing traditional bullet hell with rogue-like exploration. Very clever.With the last update I think it has enough amount of content to justify the price.I just have some complaint with this game:-I'd say that the rooms are too small and sometimes you can't avoid taking hits. I think some room should be rebalanced.-Something you should have from the start are the invincibility frames while you evade. In any case it's not a very reliable move, but the fact you can't evade without taking damage unless you get the power-up, makes it much less reliable. It can be used to sprint away from enemies though.-the game is a bit too much luck-based because of the randomness of power-ups. Not too much.-I think the voltaic power-up should also protect from ice slow downs. I understand it makes you invulnerable to elecricity, but it's too situational to be valuable. As it is now I find it almost useless.-game modes in which you have 5 or 1 hit points that can't be expanded are crazy. How am I supposed to beat those? :D They would be better if I could expand my HPs during the run.Said this I strongly recommend this game for lovers of rogue-like Isaac style. Almost forgot, I'd like to have the soundtrack available to download/buy somewhere"
76561198027824903,Recommended,603960,33702705,Posted: 21 July,all,Upuu,"An exellent and extremely polished bullet-hell roguelite that deserves more attention.Pros --- Gameplay is engaging, fun, exciting, and just the right amount of difficult.- Art is beautiful, readable, and unique- This is the only game I've played where I would consider buying the soundtrack. It's incredible, and it increases in intensity and gravity as you progress through each stage. First area is a lighthearted, carefree chiptune, while last area is an grave, epic song that lets you know you're near the end- Full suite of weapons, upgrades, and pick ups- Has progression- Pacing is very on point. One of my main criticisms of Enter the Gungeon and Binding of Isaac was their slow pace, where runs can take upwards of 45 mins. I don't know that I've had a run lasting over 20 minutes in this game. It allows itself to be quick and exciting without being frenetic or making the player feel rushed- I literally (yes, literally) have not found a single bug in over 9 hours of play.- Unique and interesting setting filled with fun characters- Bosses all feel unique and different from each other- Price is too low; I wish I could throw more money at this developer!- THE DEVS ARE STILL ADDING CONTENT! The most recent patch added so much stuff that it could have been a paid DLC (but it was free)Cons -- few and far between- I personally have some small issues with balance. Some weapons are bit too powerful, some too weak. Some bosses are disproportionally difficult for their area, while a couple are a bit too easy.- The progression goes by a bit too fast. There's a good deal of it, but I feel that you get all of it too easily.- This isn't a game with hundreds of hours of new content. That being said, after 9 hours I still have a ton of stuff left to do. So, not as long of a 100% as the Binding of Isaac or Nuclear throne, but still plenty to do. The game decides not to draw out its length, which I can certainly respect.Conclusion --This game is wonderful. I come away happy every time I play it. Unceasingly fun, easy to get into but hard to master, and a captivating and charming atmosphere. You can tell this game was made with skill and soul.My top game of 2017 so far.Just buy it."
76561198035441025,Recommended,603960,33774329,Posted: 24 July,all,Special Cats,"This is a really excellent game. It makes spaceships and skulls look cute. The bullet patterns are really pretty and satisfying to evade. Everything about this game is tight, it's the Dire Straits of games. You must buy this, it is very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,603960,33824979,Posted: 26 July,all,LadyGoodvibes,"This feels like a fast, beautiful combination of Gradius and Descent.  Enough enemy variations that each room is fresh, but not so many that you can't learn patterns.  Visual vocabulary is on point - enemies that look the same function the same with well telegraphed attacks, and stand out against the background and impassable blocks... rooms are easy to assess quickly.  Also nice video options with fun effects.  No color deficient option, but I think they planned their color schemes around it anyway (from what I understand, correct me if I'm wrong).You can use KB+M or controller.  KB+M feels natural and skills are rebindable.  Controller is rebindable too, and movement is analog though the ship only moves at one speed (aside from the dash).  Simple, easy to learn moveset (fire, bomb, dash).  Fluid and fun, with nice animations adding to the feel.Ammo is a cool twist on the randomly generated weapons.  Some of the most powerful don't have as much as you want; but picking when to switch and to what makes for interesting decision points, and the weapons and upgrades are plentiful.  ""This gun rules, but I'm at ~20% ammo and still have to kill the mini-boss... do I risk falling back on my crummy (but passable) base gun against it or search for a store/upgrade? If I run out, I'll lose the heal and scrap bonus...""Meta-progression adds more weapon types to the pool, and each really feels different in how it uses the 6-notch clip/charge bar (upper left in the video).  Fire rates and spreads change your playstyle - line up enemies, bunch them up, charge in, dash behind cover, which to target first, etc.  Frequent updates so far too, including weapons and ships.  Unsure how long they plan to keep it up, but I hope it's a while.Fast, difficult, fair, claustrophobic rooms (on a map you can teleport on, no backtracking through old rooms!), fun weapons, intimidating bosses with familiar and intense patterns.  Very much recommend to anyone who loves arcade-y but fair shmups, or anyone looking for a quicker but enthralling Isaac alternative (bite-size for now, we'll see if more content comes).  I see myself returning to this again and again."
76561197999232192,Recommended,603960,33923686,Posted: 31 July,all,Soraka,"Very fun, but also rather short game. The mechanics of this game have been executed perfectly and I have no complaints in that department. The main downside to this game is it doesn't have a ton of content, but it is only 8 dollars. If this game had another floor or 2 per run as well as more upgrades, weapon types, and bosses, it would be perfect.Something important to note is if you are good at bullet hell games, this will most likely be a breeze for you. I was able to unlock hard mode in 4-4 1/2 hours and beatThe Overlordin my very first run. Even hard mode doesn't add a whole lot more difficulty, and this is coming from someone who can't even beat the easiest Touhou game on easy mode."
,Recommended,603960,33941363,Posted: 31 July,all,Doos Ecks,"A very smooth and responsive gem with a good amount of content. I'm amazed that the dev managed to pack it into a size just under 30mb.It could use more rooms per floor and it's a bit easy for shmup veterens, but overall it is a very solid 8.5/10"
76561197971421333,Recommended,603960,34062226,Posted: 6 August,all,Stiltskins,This game is sick
,Recommended,603960,33662818,Posted: 19 July,all,Corvax__,"Monolith is one of the first bullet hell games that I have been very interested in.Its not 100% a bullet hell, it has some aspects of the binding of isaac with its rouge-like random floors.Since at the time of me writing this the soundtrack has not been released so what i would do is stand next to the ingame jukebox and just listen to the music. The music is great and i hope they release the soundtrack soon.So if you are into bullet hell games that are not JUST bullet hell games, this one is for you."
76561198012611832,Recommended,603960,34091937,Posted: 7 August,all,Tsaruskie,"Very good example of a top-down shooter. Great controls, doesn't feel slidey, hit-box is fairly forgiving, the game doesn't feel particularly unfair. Hard to make games that are difficult but don't feel unfair about it! Gotta say one thing, though. The hats system is a complete bait-and-switch. Here I was expecting to have a little space-ship with a hat on. YOU LIED TO ME, MONOLITH!No, seriously, this game is great. If you like top-down shooters, this is a good'un."
,Recommended,603960,34199996,Posted: 12 August,all,Striddle,"This game is one of the better indie games I've played. It has a great soundtrack, precise controls, and a story that will keep you asking for more. WARNING: this game is rather tough, so be prepared to play it over and over again"
76561197993419579,Recommended,603960,34223448,Posted: 13 August,all,Ikkstrikknak,"It's not as rpg as usual rogue like games, but it's still fun as hell"
,Recommended,603960,34245703,Posted: 14 August,all,Jiro25,"Monolith is both an extremely tight roguelike and a perfect entry point into the world of bullet hell shooters. As much as I love games like Nuclear Throne and Binding of Isaac, I can frequently feel cheated by their level layouts and item drops. Monolith avoids these problems handily. I'm impressed by how versatile all the weapons are - it really places an emphasis on learning to use every type of weapon you come across, much like any great roguelike. The patterns of bullets in the regular rooms are interesting without being too challenging, but the bosses remind me of my favorite battles in the Touhou games. More than anything, I'm impressed with the difficulty curve of Monolith. It starts out very approachable for a roguelike, and keeps the player on a steady drip of item unlocks and new weapons as they progress through the game. The whole game opens up beautifully after beating the Overlord the first time. I don't consider myself to be quite that good at bullet hells, but when I unlocked hard mode I switched to it immediately and haven't looked back. Everything in the game, from the rooms and enemies to the soundtrack and aesthetics, works together beautifully to create a rock-solid experience that I keep coming back to again and again."
,Recommended,603960,34516620,Posted: 26 August,all,[IDGAF]55555S55555S5555555S55555,"Great game. Hard as ♥♥♥♥ when you progress. Just the right amount of weapon choice and procedural gen. It's a tightly scoped game in my opionion....delivering solid features, focusing on the core mechanics and giving a very polished feel. I would love a co-op version of this, but that's just nitpicking. Audio is wonderful, the music is top notch chiptunes.  9.5/10"
,Recommended,603960,34408788,Posted: 21 August,all,Sarkas,"What an adorable shmup roguelite, absolutely worth $7.99 <3"
,Recommended,603960,34747816,Posted: 4 September,all,TΛPETRVE,"Monolithis a special little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. On the surface it's a very derivative game, taking cues from (well, more like biting massive chunks out of)Enter the Gungeon,The Binding of Isaac,Downwell, and others. However, what it then does is trim all the fat from those inspirations, and process only the bones and muscle.Monolithis a game for people who wantGungeon's bullet hell gameplay, but dislike its slow and plodding pacing. A game for people who preferIsaac's Antibirth mod over the officialAfterbirthexpansion - or even vanillaIsaacoverRebirth- because it is not yet bloated with features to the point of redundancy. A game for people who likeDownwell's minimalism and speed, but are put off by its mechanics. That's not to sayMonolithisn't without its own issues; while weapons are designed to accomodate different playstyles, some weapon types are simply flat-out better than others. The game is also a bit on the easy side - some unfair room designs nonwithstanding - albeit unlockable difficulty settings are then offering more of a challenge. For anyone who wants their procedural twinstick cereal with no-nonsense milk, this is one to grab."
,Recommended,603960,34805021,Posted: 7 September,all,INNOCENT X,Awesome game all around.   Fully recommend!
76561198326582668,Recommended,603960,34806361,Posted: 7 September,all,Blade,This game is awesome! I must admit Steam was recommending me this game for awhile and I am sorry I didn't take a look earlier! I really love the retro style to it and the soundtrack is awesome!! Simple and forgiving at times with well balanced gameplay. ^_^
,Recommended,603960,34905068,Posted: 12 September,all,Jerkamie,I don't know how I lived before this game.
76561197981509707,Recommended,603960,34956806,Posted: 14 September,all,DMF,Nice and very well balanced Indie-Shootemup/Rogue. Recommended! 7/10
,Recommended,603960,35179111,Posted: 24 September,all,OSad,"A very nice mix of top-down shooter, randomized enviorments and bullet hell, wrapped around a Cave Story-esque aesthetic and musical score. Just easy enough to be accessible to folks who aren't super into top-down shooters, and just hard enough later on to keep you coming back for more.That being said, the game's Hard Mode can be overly brutal even to players familiar with all of the game's intricacies, which is a shame since this mode is tied to the overarching story, and must be completed to get a fuller picture of what happens at the end. The problem stems from the absurd amount of HP bosses get: it's honestly a chore to get all the way to the final phase of the final boss in almost all of your runs, only to run out of resources before you have a chance to get a feel for the fairly complex bullet patterns being thrown at you.This probably boils down to playing the game over and over again until you finally get it down, though just how much Monolith the devs expect you to play until you get to that is a little frightening, especially when you consider that clearing the game's Normal Mode is a straightforward, 3-4 hour affair. Hard Mode on the other hand, could easily take you days depending on how familiar you are with this type of game.I still recommend Monolith to everybody just because it's so cheap, charming and able to easily entertain you for hours."
,Recommended,603960,35198963,Posted: 25 September,all,Bert,Adorable roguelite bulletheck with a great soundtrack.
,Recommended,603960,33701590,Posted: 21 July,all,N00byGamerPlayz,"I changed my mind, this game is SUPER F***ING AWESOME!!!! Even if it's challenging this game blows my mind on how the content after the end is so awesome! the game itself it's amazing! Bullet Hell, Amazing Soundtrack, Amazing Boss Battles, literally everything i enjoy. I said a bit in the first review.Thanks to TemmieNeko i didn't realize that the game looks so awesome! I'll never get a chance to pass this game because it can be challenging but it's fair.10/10"
