user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,604740,32059994,Posted: 30 May,all,[C3] Gamer Alex (AlexKVideos1),"Danger Zone In-Depth ReviewBack StoryBack in 2014, Alex Ward and Fiona Sperry left Criterion Games. They formed a small studio called Three Fields Entertainment. They wanted to make a ""spitual successor"" toBurnout, but they worked on other games,Dangerous Golf, andLethal VR. After releasing those games, they finally talked about Danger Zone. It is based off the destruction crash mode seen inBurnout 3 Takedown. Now, Danger Zone has released, but is it any good?Game ReviewDanger Zone is the crash mode ofBurnouton steroids. A decent game for the price, and gameplay.Optimization & PC SettingsThe game looks amazing. The Unreal 4 Engine really helps to bring out the beautiful moments of the gamemode. Everything is over the top (Lighting, fire, explosions, smoke, sparks). The game has a great amount of customizable settings. The optimization is amazing. I had my settings all the way up, and I was able to get over 100 FPS on each map. The game ran like a dream, with no stutters or big graphical glitches. They really did a great job for the PC version.Optimization & PC Settings: 9/10HUD & UISimple, basic, and easy to use. There is not much cluttering the screen, which makes it easier to concentration on the action. There is also an option to hide the UI in the pause screen (when in the crash mode) really showing that they wanted this game to be cinematic.HUD & UI: 10/10Controls(I only used a controller) The controls for driving the car are very stiff, and same with being in the air after a jump. After exploding, it takes some pratice to be able to maneuver to your target.Controls: (For controllers) 7/10CameraThe camera works for most of the part. When crashing though, it can stick too closely to the car, making it hard to see the environment, and it can also clip throgh vehicles, or be blocked by other vehicles. Also, it is not 360, meaning you can't look down, making it very hard to aim for things below you. (You can only pan around the car.) The camera does shift to show the other cars crashing after you have used up all of your crashbreakers.Camera: 7/10GamemodeThis game only focuses on the crash mode seen in previous titles of theBurnoutseries. The gamemode is about causing as much damage as possible. You fling your car into a series of intersections, causing huge pile-ups in the process. The gamemode is fun, and very entertaining. The crashes are weirdly claming just watching the beautiful destruction unfold.Gamemode: 8/10Level Design & Set-upThere are 20 different crash junctions, with all of the same virtual style to them. I am not a fan of the virtual style. The levels just aren't eye appealing, and feel lazily developed. However, the level setup as a lot of variety. No 2 levels are set-up the same, showing that they tried to atleast make the levels have a unique flow. I think though that the main problem is that the levels are held back by the lack of visual appeal.Level Design & Set-up: 5/10PropsHELLO? WHERE IS EVERYTHING? Since this is ""virtual reality"" there are no props. The only props are only on transport trucks, or barriers on the side of highways. Other than that, there is nothing. It would have been amazing if the level was filled with a bunch of props that can be obliterated. It would add to the chaos, but sadly, there is nothing.Props: 3/10DifficultyThis game is very difficult, but once you master it, you can push it to it's limits. It has a small learning curve, especially if you played olderBurnoutgames. The difficulty is hard, but it compels you to do betterDifficulty: 8/10VehiclesThe vehicles are lacking. There is only one drivable car. Not only that, the traffic vehicles don't have much variety, meaning you keep seeing the same vehicle over and over again.Vehicles: 2/10Vehicle DamageThe car damage is awful. The damage is not softbody, and the cars don't even deform. The damage is all texture based, just scratches, and paint chipping. When the cars explode, nothing falls off, except for the wheels. Even the car lights don't break! I understand that they are a small team, but they could have atleast done some kind of basic damage model, like the morph target technique (In games like Watch_Dogs). The damage is part of the experience, which is non-existence.Vehicle Damage: 1/10PhysicsThey claim that ""Danger Zone combines real physical crashes..."", but the physics don't make sense at all. Vehicles have no weight to them, causing them to fly away like paper planes. Cars slide like they are on ice. Although the physics are terrible, it actually helps make the game enjoyable, and funny. The game is over the top, so the crashes are even more over the top with the physics.Physics: 8/10AIThe AI is perfect. Sometimes the AI drives by crashed vehicles right next to them, avoiding the accident completely, or they drive right into it. The AI makes the whole game really funny, and enjoyable.AI: 10/10SoundThe sound design is basic. In some areas it sounds really nice, but in other you here the same annoying sound repeat over and over again. I heard car alarms go off in cars that weren't even parked, the same explosion sound can be heard, and the driving vehicle sounds like a muscle car when it is a basic sedan. Also for being in a facility, I don't hear any echo.Sound: 4/10Final Score: 6/10AverageDanger Zone is a fun way to relax, and past the time. A simple, yet enjoyable game."
76561197993332425,Not Recommended,604740,32157632,Posted: 3 June,all,Memphis,"Make a room, download some free assets, import ""My very first driving rig!"", add a nifty explosion effect, add somecoolsfx andmusic, whip up a prototype, aaaand ship it!This is a souless, empty shell of it's inspiration Burnout.You know when my 2 young boys, whos lives revolve around breaking things and instant gratification, are bored to tears after 10 minutes of playing, something is wrong."
,Recommended,604740,32062452,Posted: 30 May,all,TheEngiGuy,"Very fun gameplay-wise, but lacking visual damageA very small devteam (consisting of former Criterion developers) is back with their latest release, Danger Zone, a spiritual successor of Burnout 3's crash mode. In this game, it's all about earning as many points as possible by wreaking havoc in dense traffic and collecting coins in the process to increase the total score. The game was developed using Unreal Engine 4, and it shows: graphics are gritty with a lot of particle effects at once on screen. No problems with performance and loading times, either.This game is set in only one type of environment (crash test tunnels), but it succeeds in bringing an excellent ""puzzle-based"" level design with each level having different layouts.Car physics are good: I've enjoyed the rollovers, barrels and props flying around and violent explosions, but unfortunately, visual damage is sub-par. It's too simplistic for a game centered around car crashes.That said, its pricetag isn't too high and I believe it will appeal to people who either have nostalgia for the Burnout series or just want to compete with other players online, thanks to the leaderboards. It could be too short for people who are looking for a ""just for fun"" experience in one go, as it can be finished in 2 hrs or less in a single playthrough.I've enjoyed this game pretty much, but the ""crash mode"" still has a lot of potential, so I'm looking forward for an update or a follow-up with more in-depth visual damage and possibly mod support for fan-made levels and cars."
,Recommended,604740,32059382,Posted: 30 May,all,diabLo-Designz,"For that price(12.99€) i can give it a thumps up.If you dont want to collect every gold/platinum medal you can finish the game easily in under 2 hours. I just finished the last level(20th) and had 15/20 gold medals and 11/12 achievments. Only need to replay some levels to get some additional platinum medals.(as of writing i had 2.2h played, after 4.0h i got all achievments)The gameplay itself isnt bad. Its like Burnout crash mode but the vehicle handling is not that good, there is no reverse either. I mean, the game is enjoyable and if you loved the crash mode you will like/love this game too.Its just that there is something missing, the polishing or i dont know. The vehicles have barely any damage model. Sure, the doors get lose(but wont fall off) and get scratchy and that stuff but no real deformation. Devs told in forums why(too small team, too many problems) but its still a bit sad and takes away this nice ""Eye-Candy"" feel.The graphics are okay i guess. Bit outdated maybe but it works for this type of game. Only one environment tho, inside that test facility. Explosions are nice to watch.The physics can sometimes work against you and with you. Or they just work completely normal, not predictable i think. I got shot across the streets or got hold on one place without any movement(yes, i pressed B). Its especially funny when you see multiple cars hit the ceiling without any input from me.All in all i can say its worth it if you loved the old crash mode from Burnout games. It brings over the same feeling of fun destruction with enough puzzle elements to get you hooked for some time. If you cant stand replaying the same level over and over just to get gold/platinum you should wait for a good sale. The playtime is already short but without hunting for gold/platinum it would be even shorter."
,Recommended,604740,32166112,Posted: 3 June,all,Det. Dicksmack²,"Remember when EA didn't suck massive dongs and completely abandoned a strong racing franchise in favor of an arguably weaker one that EA forced the devs to make games for before canning them and throwing them on the new Battlefront games? Those were the days when the Burnout franchise reigned supreme as the ultimate destruction racer. Even from its first iteration back on the PS2 we were introduced to a high octane smash fest of aggresive racing and traffic dodging. However, the pinnacle wouldn't be reached until 2002 when Burnout 2: Point of Impact introduced a series of minigames involving smashing a car into heavy traffic to cause a chain reaction of carnage. This formula wouldn't be perfected until Burnout 3: Takedown when the mode took a more arcadey approach allowing you as the user to control the flying remains of a destroyed vehicle into even more traffic to cause a bigger wreck. Oh yeah, there was also racing too.After the last good Burnout game, Burnout Revenge, came a successor called Burnout Paradise that pretty much sucked all the ""success"" out of the very thing it was trying to be. While the removal of a structured circuit race was replaced with an open world point A to point B system the biggest insult was the removal of Burnout's Crash Mode in favor of a mode called Showtime which allowed users to, at any point, spin their car out of control and start smashing into traffic endlessly until they ran out of momentum from hitting traffic. It sucked because it never really showcased all the destruction you were causing until at the end when it somewhat showed you the aftermath during the scoreboard. The best thing about Burnout's original Crash Mode was that each level was structured uniquely outside the confines of the tracks already in the game allowing the developers to create some really wild scenarios for you to crash your car into. The game also highlighted whenever some poor unsuspecting victim hit the brakes too late and skidded into a tanker causing him to explode.Fans of the Burnout franchise have been left without a crash mode successor for 12 years. TWELVE. YEARS. And don't even get me started on that joke of game development called Burnout Crash! That is not Crash Mode. It was a sad excuse for a Crash Mode successor.So come the other day when I'm just lazing around and hear about this trailer for a Burnout Crash Mode successor and to my surprise upon watching the trailer I find out it was released 4 days ago. I quickly refunded Tokyo 42 because that game was such a disappointment and put my money towards this instead and, man, I sure feel quite the opposite!It's no surprise that this game is pretty much exactly identical to that of Burnout's original crash mode. The handling, driving physics, the floaty destruction physics, behaviors of the NPCs, the after-touch explosion system, the camera focusing on the points of impact, etc are all included in this game and that's because Three Fields Entertainment is a company founded by Ex-Criterion founders who worked on the original set of Burnout titles. The moment I picked up the controller and smashed into the first scenario I was blasted by a whirlwind of nostalgia and felt the relief of a 12 year old itch finally being scratched. There was nothing more satisfying than seeing everything familiar with the game that I loved playing over and over so many odd years ago and it is special to see that they kept all the charm of Crash Mode in this spiritual successor.Now, obviously, there are a few things that are different this time around. The first and most obvious is the aesthetic of the game. Everything is done inside of a crash test simulation complex. I don't know if this was for budget reasons to keep the cost down but don't expect a wild change of scenery through the levels like we experienced with some of the real-world reimagings found in Burnout 3 and Revenge. It pretty much all looks the same, but they at least put forth the effort to make the facility and simulation rooms look and feel genuine with flashing lights, large metal doors, and rooms that ""code"" themselves into existence. Every vehicle, including yours, has a crash test logo on it as well and every letter features a bright sign that displays some sort of text. None of these have only gotten a small chuckle out of me but it's nice that it's there.The biggest changes are two additions they added to the levels themselves. Crash Mode in Burnout was pretty simplistic in its mechanics. You have a car, you try to drive into traffic and rack up as much of a combo as you can get from the pile up. The more cars piled up, the bigger multiplayer you recieved and the more collateral you collected. You could also build up a meter called ""Crashbreaker"" which allowed you to blow up your vehicle and, for a few seconds, fly it around and toss it into traffic you may have missed or otherwise can't get to without making use of the mechanic. Danger Zone features these same mechanics as well, however Crashbreaker is now referred to as Smashbreaker and you only get one of them after meeting the minimum requirement during the first point of impact. The only way you can get more Smashbreaker is to control your first Smashbreaker into a collectible Smashbreaker icon located on the map. Its a weird design choice as it makes the crashes you cause feel less dynamic. Its like you have to follow a path set by the developers in order to obtain the high score which sorta of dampens the beauty of experimentation from its predecessor and turns it into a challenge and competition with the inclusion of the leaderboard. They do also include money pick ups as well for extra points, and collecting all of them reveals a secret cash pick up that rewards you with $5 million in points. That being said though it doesn't really diminish from the fun and nostalgia the game has to offer but I would have liked if this wasn't included.Along with that there are bigger changes. The multiplier system only comes into affect after initiating a Smashbreaker and it will only count cars you either destroy with the radius of the explosion and other cars you knock into while you're flying around. They also included out of bounds areas on the map which will cause a game over if you fall into it and give you bonus points if you throw an NPC into it. This becomes a game of balancing because you obviously get the most points from causing pile ups but if you throw all the vehicles off the map with your Smashbreaker you lose creating an obstacle for other NPCs to crash into yet you need to use your Smashbreaker in order to obtain a higher multiplier for the pile up collisions. Timing is crucial in obtaining the most points you can possibly get and following the route you need to for that mad-mad money is difficult as your car only bounces when rolling on its sides and bouncing off of other traffic. It will refuse to move while it's grinding on the chasis. This can make for some frustrating moments as one poorly timed collision after using a Smashbreaker can send you away from another Smashbreaker you desperately need to keep the chain going.The most disappointing thing however is the lack of any other vehicles for you to drive. You are only given this midsize 4 door sedan that sounds like it has the engine of a Ford Mustang. Obviously the maps are tailored around this one specific car, but I would have liked if they played around with a variety of different vehicle classes. Again, it's probably due to budget constraints as they are a small team that's self-publishing on Steam, but aside from that this is pretty much the Crash Mode that veteran Burnout fans have been craving for over a decade now. It's definitely worth the asking price of $12.99 and, hopefully, with some good sales we'll finally see a real Burnout successor. I highly recommend it to fans and to newcomers alike."
,Recommended,604740,32073723,Posted: 30 May,all,STRoadWarrior,"It could have some more content and could use some extra polish, but even then it's still very fun, and it's pretty cheap too.First of all, I just want to mention that Burnout is one of my favourite series of games with Burnout 3 being my all-time favourite driving game, so as you could probably guess I was ecstatic as soon as I saw that a spiritual successor was announced by an indie team composed of former Criterion devs.I will admit that as soon as I heard that it was just a standalone Crash Mode, I was a bit disappointed since it wasn'tjustthe Crash Mode that made Burnout as good as it is in my opinion, the racing played a massive part too, but seeing that this is a very small indie team behind the new game, I can understand why they chose to focus on the most unique part of the series.So essentially Danger Zone is Burnout 3's Crash Mode mixed with some elements of Revenge's.For those who don't know, the Crash Mode is basically a puzzle game where you have to figure out the best way to smash into traffic in an attempt to cause the most damage through a pile-up. If you hit the total damage targets, you'll earn a medal at the end of an event (either Bronze, Silver, Gold or Platinum).You have cash pickups laying around and your car has the famous ability to trigger an explosion from it after a certain amount of wrecks known as theCrashbr- er,Smashbreaker ;)Your car also has the ability to steer itself in the air known as Aftertouch, and there are also Smashbreaker pickups laying around so you can blow up multiple times, and they can also stack which is helpful when you need to Aftertouch your car to another part of the area.The ability to Check traffic from Burnout Revenge returns, which allows you to knock traffic off the road if they're travelling in the same direction as you, which is good for jumpstarting the pile-up.The game doesn't have any music, which to be honest isn't straying far from the Crash Mode in the other games, but you could always play the soundtracks from the other games instead :pThe game also feels a bit short on the number of events, but you'll be replaying them a lot to earn the best medals so it isn'ttoobad I guess. Besides, replaying them a lot isn't too bad in itself since it's still just as satisfying to crash into traffic as it ever was :pThere's no local multiplayer which would be a bummer for those who wanted that, but I'm not too fussed over it.Performance isn't the greatest, but it stayed around 40-60 most of the time with very little dips lower than that. (My specs: GTX 770 + i5-4670k 3.40GHz + 8GB RAM)However, there are some things I'd like to see in the future:Mainly better car damage as the cars don't deform and instead only have damage textures along with detachable car parts. I can understand that they didn't include it since it probably would've been a heavy task to implement, but it would be nice to see as it really does make the crashes look a lot more visceral.The second thing I'd like to see added is a Photo/Replay mode (or at least the ability to move the camera in the Hide HUD mode). Also the ability to look up and down during a crash would be really helpful too, as the camera can sometimes be a pain.Another thing I'd like to see is mod support. I can't say for certain how easy it would be for them, but it would be nice if they released tools for the game that allowed players to set up their own junctions. That plus Steam Workshop would really benefit the game in the long run.I suppose the last thing I'd like to see is new official content - extra cars, events, modes, etc.All in all, this is a very solid game from the team with a fairly decent price. It's very open that it's meant to be a successor to Burnout's Crash Mode and it delivers in my opinion. Hopefully they'll continue to refine and add to it in the future.And who knows, maybe some day we'll see a successor to the racing half too!"
,Recommended,604740,32060610,Posted: 30 May,all,cole roddy,"It's Burnout 3's Crash Mode standalone version. It could have more content though. But for the price, you can not really demand more than this. In other words, if you miss Crash mode from the Burnout days, you're in for a treat."
,Not Recommended,604740,32124149,Posted: 2 June,all,Bonsewswesa,"I really wanted to like this. I love crash mode, I still wish that mobile game (Burnout Crash) made it to more platforms too. I thought, this series has been around for over a decade, surely they will put that experience and knowledge to good use, even if they don't have much money. They'll improve on the excellent foundation that's already there.Well for starters, they somehow took crash mode and turned crashing/pile-ups into not only NOT the primary goal, but an obstacle to it. Sure, Burnout 3 had money pickups but they were just a little bonus. Here, the pickups will make or break your score, which you will lose a significant chunk of if you miss even ONE of them or collect them in the wrong order. Where previously I'd be smiling at that giant pile-up I created, now I'm cursing at it for blocking my path to the next Smashbreaker (Crashbreaker) pickup.Which brings me to the Smashbreaker/Aftertouch system. Instead of being able to retrigger it by continuing to accrue new wrecks, now it will trigger ONCE and after that you have to try to collect Smashbreaker pickups to trigger it again. Your car didn't roll properly? Got clipped by the corner of a bus? Now you're stuck and have to retry the whole crash again. While for the most part the physics are ok, your own car can only maintain speed properly if it rolls end-over-end, something you have very little control over (think Showtime from Paradise except with more accurate physics and no helpers). Not only that, the car will stick to the ground if it lands right-side up (despite losing its wheels in the initial crash) and destroy any momentum/flipping you built up with your Smashbreaker jump.Essentially Danger Zone is a 3-D platformer about limited jumping, where your success often depends on the physics being nice to you. It could improve down the line with fixes/additions but right now it's an exercise in frustration.Other things to note (as of this review, obviously they could change later):- Camera control; you only get it after your car becomes a wreck, and only on the horizontal axis. Yes, this does become a problem when trying to see pickups you're above.- No restart button, no rebinding of any kind- It is a graphically nice game, especially the light sources. Thanks UE4."
,Not Recommended,604740,32074619,Posted: 30 May,all,copester1204,"TL;DR. Where Crash Mode was a demolition sandbox, Danger Zone feels like a demolition shoebox. Hopeful the devs expand the gameplay.Such a disappointment.  I've been playing demolition/smash 'em up games since the first Carmegeddon.I've loved the Flatout and Burnout series for the sheer mayhem. I was really excited when the announcement came out a few months ago that some  devs from Burnout we're creating a standalone Crash Mode game. Sadly, they found a way to suck most of the fun out of Crash Mode.In the Burnout games, you racked up mayhem on busy city streets. In Danger Zone, you are stuck for the entire game in an underground garage simulator.  In Burnout, the traffic was dynamic and alive and you enjoyed every second of destruction as drivers kept suicidally driving into multi-car pileups. In Danger Zone, each scenario has a finite number of cars. If you slow down or stop to time a dash through a busy intersection to hit the perfect target, you can literally run out of vehicles.  I made a couple of runs just trying to collect all of the power ups only to have zero vehicles to smash into. You can collect all the power ups - worth thousands of points - and score a perfect zero for not hitting a single vehicle because there are none on the map. I understand by having set conditions it makes you work harder for a higher score, but that is not what made Crash Mode fun.  The points were secondary to the destruction and somewhere along the way, the devs forgot that.Some common complaints you see in other reviews that I have agree with are:-  How poor the vehicle controls are-  You only get to drive 1 car the entire game-  The limited destructability.  This is Crash Mode, not Dent Mode.I am hopeful this is not the end of development and the game evolves. At a minimum they need to add an Endless/Unlimited Mode where cars keep coming until you get knocked too far from the danger zone and the timer runs down (like the Insurance Fraud mini-game in Saints Row - as long as you keep getting knocked around, the games keeps going).  Until then, my recommendation would be to wait until the game improves or it goes on sale."
76561198126388546,Not Recommended,604740,32268759,Posted: 8 June,all,SirJarko,"I have to first start this review by saying that I LOVE ALL of the BURNOUT GAMES.Every piece of them.So of course I knew that the crash mode from Burnout was going to make a return some time after Dangerous Golf.However I did not quite predict this.This little game has some glaring problems that not even someone that loves all of the Burnout games can ignore.So its with an heavy heart that I write MY Review of Danger Zone.Firstly I will start off with some of the Pros and then proceed to the Cons I see then finish with an overview and opinion piece.Pros:Name of the game is just perfect.User Interface.Optimisation.That familiar Burnout/Crash Mode feel.The Ranking System with other players.The Sounds.Price.Cons:No DJ Striker.No where near as fun as Burnouts Crash mode.Lack of serious character.A bit tedious to play.You ONLY get ONE CAR to play with.Severe lack of variety all round.The Same boring environment to look at and crash in over and over again.All of the vehcles have next to no damage except some scratches and they set on fire. The lights even stay lit up right after you crash the cars.My Personal Opinion:For me this game has no character no proper replay ability as the scenarious you play in are just kinda meh once you have completed them.For me this game just like the need for speed games is just a shell of its former self. This game is not even close to crossing the finish line for me at least and it just falls flat on its butt short of the finish line.My biggest gripes with this game are the following:Instead of at least getting One half decent environment to cause havok in. We end up getting a very stale looking and feeling indutrial simulation that you can only control with using one boring looking sedan with no choice of even colour of the car to crash in and once you fall or even getted knocked off the world its game over man no matter what score you have.I should'nt be punished for not causing chaos YOUR WAY! If I want to smash everything and provide a huge score my way why must I be punished for doing so?Also this game has no energy left in it to give or life in it. It all around just feels stale and once you get past the first 30 mins or so and get past your nestalga you end up realising that it has no real life or feel to it. This game just exists with no real character or drive or really purpose.Its a shame really as the actual scenarious them selfs have a little bit of creativity to them but everything around them is rather stale in comparison and could of been done so much better.For Example:The menus,Cars,Lack of any music or any damage, The boring style of the game, Getting punished for not destroying things the way each level wants you to.For example you are pushed into a level but instead of getting the best score by hitting and smashing stuff. You actually have to hit things a certain way and it is a must that you get nearly all of the pickups to even finish the level. Look I understand that I have to hit things a certain way but with this game you have to hit things ONE WAY PER LEVEL and until you figure out what that is ya screwed.Also you have a timer to do all this in as the cars them selfs will de spawn and only spawn once.This game only does one thing well. That is it functions. Thats it, Nothing else.If it wasnt for the fact that this is called Danger Zone and the pretty effects, EA could of released this game under the name Burnout Crash Zone Renegade or something like that and you would be hard pressed to tell that is was made by the origional founders of Criterion and you could mistake it as a bad atemp of something fantastic made by corporate greed. Not saying that this game was made in those conditions. But it feels that way.With my eyes this game needed more time in development and more moneyand more skill as these issues are clearly an obsticale for TFE that they are struggling to over come.I honestly don't know how the founders of said goodness can make something worse then they did many years back. Did they not go back and play there old games and the mode and break down how each of these things where done. Opifony time.... Go back embrace and recreate the bones and all that then proceed to bring it to 2017 and then evolve the formila. NOT try to do something that you have a faint memory of and have that the old fans will put up with it. Epecially when its so stale,Boring,Repetative and even lacks must have things like a DEFORMATION SYSTEM IN A GAME ABOUT DEFORMATION AND CRASHES and im talking the burnout 3 damage system and this is worse then that by miles.I seriously hope that TFE's next game will greatly build upon this and seriously add some character to this game and just everything I have said and many others have said as well as some less of the linerarity for they way you go about causing chaos as well as not being punished for not smashing stuff the way the developers only want you to do so and for me DJ striker telling me about risk reward every so often.But for now its just a linear grind simulator with no real character, depth or fun thats its ancestors had.( and yes I am taking everything into consideration both game wise and development wise)Its a no go from me.Its a shame really I was really looking forward to this tittle but it ends up bringing nothing new or loved back to the table except junctions,sparks and explosions and the crackling sound of the players car.I be it the only car.I really really really hope that TFE's next game will be much more then what Danger Zone is and feels like to play as all this has going for it for ME at least is the nestalja and what lies hidden deep underneath is a fantastic base badly realised that is also let down by a rather mindblowingly boring shallow repetative exterior and is rather lacking in many regards.Sorry Three Fields Entertainment :(4/10-SirJarko."
,Recommended,604740,32058765,Posted: 30 May,all,{TAG} Michael Scott,"This is really enjoyable - taking me back to Burnout's crash mode days! While it's a shame the entire game takes place in a ""training facility"" rather than open and varied environments, the mechanics are still sounds and quite fun."
,Recommended,604740,32057665,Posted: 30 May,all,SquigM,"If you were a fan of Burnout's crash mode then you will love this game!Edit:It runs great on an Intel HD4600 - with all settings on max @1920x1080 I get between 30 and 60FPS. My specs: i7-4900MQ @ 2.8GHz, GTX 780M (not using for this game however), 16GB RAM, SSD, Win 7 SP1"
,Recommended,604740,32069935,Posted: 30 May,all,Tanklover,"So, Danger zone is it good... Well how can i put this... Hell Yeah !!!This is so much like burnout 3's crash mode with a little help from burnout revenge's traffic check mechanic.Ive only played for 2 hours but i can tell ill be trying to get all gold medals.Also this game is from the devs who were behinde burnout 3 !!!Now that being said, I do wish to say a few things about the game.1. Unfortunately there is no vehicle deformation but i feel like the devs could make this a update in the future.2. Theres only 1 player controlled car, Now this is not an issue, But it would be nice to have more vehicles to choose from.3. This game feels unfinished, So i hope the devs will add more features and mechanics to give it more content.Theses 3 points dont take much away from the game, So its still playable. (and enjoyable)But i do feel the devs could build on this game to make it even better.Anyway long story short if you like burnout 3's crash mode, Then your going to like this =D"
,Recommended,604740,32060915,Posted: 30 May,all,exterminat,"It's Burnout 3 crash mode, with one car, in one environment that's usually changed a little bit from level to level.Only sticklers will care for anything in that sentence after ""Burnout 3 crash mode.""If you liked blowing up cars in Burnout 3, and are fine with a small amount of content, then this game is worth it. Not sure if blinded by nostalgia or those tasty car explosions."
,Not Recommended,604740,34042636,Posted: 5 August,all,Gunslinger,It's sad how disappointing this game is. I loved the Burnout games and the crash modes were my favorite. This is the crash mode but with all of the fun and interesting parts boiled and sterilized out of it. Only one car same location over and over again. Only one way to solve each level. You'll be bored in a couple hours.
,Recommended,604740,32073604,Posted: 30 May,all,RetroBlast,"One of my favorite modes from the earlier Burnout games, brought back nearly untouched (except for a graphics overhaul) - plan your run, try to get the biggest crash possible - every eight-year old boy's Hot Wheels fantasy.Spectacular crashes and explosions, and the irresitable draw of ""one more try"" to improve upon the destruction you have wrought. A Michael Bay-seeped spectacular well worth the price of admission..."
,Recommended,604740,34579458,Posted: 29 August,all,Drop Rate Gregg,"I had a very hard time deciding if this was a positive or negative review.First 30 minutes here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSJmTji7eV0&list=PLuCD8fy0tNkyM0Ygpl10M_qMFppAdx05o&index=6One of my favorite games is Burnout and specifically the Crash Mode. This game is  basically JUST crash mode, however you are always in the test facility. I think part of the fun in Burnout was it being on actual city streets and the mayhem seemed more real and fun, this game is lacking in that department.Some of the stages are designed to be tricky (like having to hop across a freeway to get a powerup) so I am glad they threw that variety in, but overall the game seems a bit generic.Its only 12.99 which is why I actually do think its worth the price, but I hope they add more to the game.  This is a NEUTRAL review, so watch the video and decide for yourself!"
,Recommended,604740,32076262,Posted: 30 May,all,Bowling4Kleers,"Super fun arcade game with amazing scrap physics, addictive crash puzzling, and loads of replayability to get the highest medals.Made by the original Burnout devs, and their talent bleeds through here!"
,Not Recommended,604740,32086164,Posted: 31 May,all,minus 1 that's 3 quick maths,"Burnout 3 was my favourite game in the series so when i heard about this, i was hyped!Unfortunately, this game does not deliver sadly and i believe the main this to blame for it is the budget. The environments consist of concrete warehouses and are bland and the lack of a real car destruction engine makes crashing less fun...Very disapointing"
,Recommended,604740,32088896,Posted: 31 May,all,Dan,There's something satisfying about crashing tonnes of cars and watching everything explode. Another great game by Three Fields Entertainment! I enjoyed Dangerous Golf and look forward to see where this title goes in the future.
,Recommended,604740,32071582,Posted: 30 May,all,Rest,"Love It so far! It may seem like a simple design at first, but if you want to be at the top, you will be retrying every event till you get there. Plus there are many hidden platforms. It really brings back that old Burnout feel! <3"
,Recommended,604740,32097291,Posted: 31 May,all,Bloxtun,"It definitely has potential. I hope that they end up building onto this, there are SO many things that they can add. Not bad at all for only $13."
,Recommended,604740,32059451,Posted: 30 May,all,DogmA,"Haven't gotten a huge amount of play time with the game, but there's not that much to it...If you're pining for Burnout 3's Crash Mode, this game is an instant classic...it plays exactly like it, runs great and is going to be quite a time sink for me...at $12.99 this game is worth it..."
,Recommended,604740,32123082,Posted: 1 June,all,jusplathemus,It's basically Burnout 3's crash mode reimagined and it's worth every penny. Any Burnout is better than no Burnout if done right.
76561197972257154,Recommended,604740,32091470,Posted: 31 May,all,Setech,"It's a game about crashing a car, into other cars.. with explosions. Do you really want something different? You do? No you don't. Get this game. We made our first drinking game over the crash mode in Burnout 3, and this works just as well.Yea, the impacts could feel a bit more meaty, more particle effects and debris. Some weight to the cars. The crash-test style kind of puts me off, but again.. you crash a car, to cause others to crash.. then you explode. Twice. Between a bunch of school busses. Would've gladly paid twice as much to get those effects and damage models.. will pay twice as much if such DLC comes up. Won't mind abhorrent DLC practice.. since, did I say already? Cars, into other cars.. and explosions. For points.Addendum: After the tutorial, and first 2 levels.. I felt confident enough in this game to post this review. It'll probably be just more of the same, which I like. Since.. cars, crashes.. and explosions."
,Recommended,604740,32091937,Posted: 31 May,all,𝓗𝓔𝓛𝓛RED🔥🎃,"As the biggest fan of Burnout 3 I know, this is the most amazing thing I have seen happen, and on the eve of Burnout 3's 10th anniversary, I couldn't be happier. Thank you, Three Fields.Edit: After playing the game for 2 1/2 hours, it's over. Add more content LOL"
,Recommended,604740,32095628,Posted: 31 May,all,Esoterik,"It's like everyone else has already said: It's Burnout 3's Crash Mode all by itself.  Nevermind the graphics or the fact that it all takes place inside the Danger Room because once you start playing it you'll feel right at home. Crashbreaker is now ""Smashbreaker"" and you can aftertouch after exploding, allowing you to move around the track to pick up more Smashbreakers and bonus points. Afterwards, the flyover tallies up the mayhem just like you remember and may give you a medal based on your score. You'll also be placed on a leaderboard for that trial that shows attempts, vehicles crashed and total score.Bottom line, for $13, you can't lose if you need to scratch that Crash Mode itch."
76561198061998313,Recommended,604740,32092381,Posted: 31 May,all,kylix999,"I like this game, like burnout crash mode, ofc not like full game but the price ich much lower. I hope more gamers will suport developer so in future we will get true burnout like racing game. Danger zone is step in right directio to achive that."
,Recommended,604740,32094653,Posted: 31 May,all,Samor,"For those who don't know crash mode in Burnout.... this game is like Dangerous Golf with cars :pWarning: It's fun, but really, really short. I'm 3 hours in and all that's left to do is get better medals."
,Recommended,604740,35190721,Posted: 24 September,all,Dick Kickem,"I have played the game pre-patch and now post-patch since they have drastically improved lots about the game.I will say that pre-patch, the game was worth maaaaybe 5 bucks to someone who really was wanting their fix for the old Burnout Crash mode.After the patch, it does feel like a more fully realized experience, and according to the devs, they are going to continue expanding the game with more levels.Feels like almost a wasted opportunity with the potential for Steam Workshop to extend the life of this game by a LOT.Regardless, if you used to enjoy 'Crash mode' in the Burnout games, while not nearly the same-- this is a decent successor that should still continue improving over time. For now, I will say, pick it up ...but if it's on a steam sale, DEFINITELY pick it up."
76561197989930228,Recommended,604740,32146406,Posted: 3 June,all,bobeagle77,I recommend Danger Zone to gamers who loved Burnout 3 crash mode. This is a small team. Don't expect Burnout 3 crash mode budget. Who knows maybe in the future they can make a bigger better game. Game is about 2 hours in content. The game is replayable to achieve high scores in the leaderboards. Fair price for the amount of content. Here is a video I made for the 4 first crash test.https://youtu.be/zC3D45oiOTw
,Recommended,604740,32078722,Posted: 30 May,all,Mechent,"Really fun and reminiscent of Burnout.  The environment is wayyy lower budget, and a little bit of a let down to be honest.  But the game captures crash mode way better than the golf game.One thing I don't like though, is that there is way too much animation and button pressing in between retries (in a game about improving your score)."
,Recommended,604740,32082210,Posted: 31 May,all,ConfusedDeer43,"Let me begin by saying yes, its from the team that brought us burnout. but no, they're not a huge company with good funding like criterion, they're a small basically indie company, so they did their best with this game within limits to their funds. Damage is simply textures and wheels falling off, yes, you have one vehicle choice, and the game is just the famous ""crash mode"" style from burnout games.Of course, the developer has mentioned if this does well more may be added in the future.Now an actual review of the game, it's great. The crash junctions are puzzle based, and it's quite difficult to get a gold medal, it does need planning and not mindlessly crashing into traffic. The graphics are great thanks to UE4, explosion and fire effects look great, vehicle handling has a very burnoutish feel to it. All in all the game is nostalgic to the burnout series.I like what's begun here, I hope the dev's manage to add to this game, or any driving games they plan in the future.Highly recommended game, the price is good for what you get, the game is exactly as advertised by the company with no missing promises (cough no mans sky cough).It's good fun!"
,Recommended,604740,32068466,Posted: 30 May,all,SeeK Kettle,"Great game , work pretty well on older pc . 10/10"
,Recommended,604740,32066161,Posted: 30 May,all,McWetty,"Danger Zone is a very good homage to the Burnout Crash Mode. I've been a yuge fan of Alex Ward's team since Burnout 1. I'll just hammer out the Pros and Cons that I've seen and I'll update as I play or as patches are added.Pros:It's gorgeous. Running it at 4K60 on a GTX1080/7700K and my computer isn't even whirling up the fans. Very well optimized game with lots of eye candy and particles. Granted, it's not working with anything beyond vehicles and walls, but the explosions are impressive and the textures are perfect.The scenario variety is well thought out. There are lots of crossroads, jumps, vehicle types, and obstacles to deal with. No two crash scenes I've tried are remotely close to the other ones and I love that. My personal favorite is the jump after the hump... flying right into a taxi. Haha!The game is infuriating at times, but this is a good thing. It forces you to ""git gud"" on every level. Missed that cash bonus because a taxi bumrushed you? Try again. And loading / reset times are super-fast. I never feel like I'm waiting for the game to load up.  Challenges are your friend.It's very easy to spend ""just 5 more minutes"" in Danger Zone. Just when I think I've mastered a junction, I see the leaderboard and some joker managed $5M more than me. So back in I go to top them. It's quite addicting.Cons:The tunnel feels claustrophobic and lazy. I don't hate the tunnel, but there are lots of ways to minimize development and still have 3-4 ""arenas"". Maybe an actual NIHST testing facility that looks like it's pulled from Portal? Or an abandoned military base? Rocket League manages to make the same standard field interesting over 4-5 themes.The Smashbreakers aren't amplified by car crashing. This makes the path you have to take very rigid. If you don't hit the next smashbreaker icon, you're dead in the water (unless a random car hits you into the next icon). I prefer a more freestyle approach that would be augmented, not dictated, by the icons.I truly miss the multiplier bonuses from Burnout 2 (I don't mean the icons from Burnout 3). It was possible to get insane crash scores based on the number of cars destroyed. Do only $4.6M damage but hit 24 cars? That's a $110.4M score. This is supposed to be an insurance simulator so perhaps the multiplier score could be a ""clean up the mess cost"" beyond just vehicle damage.The single tunnel arena makes my eyes cross after a while. My muscle memory takes over and I find myself making the same frustrating mistakes over and over. More variety would be beneficial. I can't complain for $12, but some DLC for a couple dollars that only affects cosmetics (Rocket League got this right) would be great.The post-crash flyover is TOO SLOW and I'm not sure it sees all the vehicles. This is a minor niggle as I just skip it most times, but sometimes it's fun to see it after a high score wreck.Conclusion:Overall, I really like the game. It's a fantastic spiritual revisit to a game I'm afraid is forever gone. Danger Zone is not perfect, but I hope that this game's success inspires a new Burnout (or rather a Three Fields version) and some worthy DLC."
,Recommended,604740,32101880,Posted: 1 June,all,Hoocheee,All these years... it is still a fun game! It's all I ever did in the burnout series!
,Recommended,604740,32071190,Posted: 30 May,all,Simpleton216,Burnout 3 Crash Mode with more explosions.*Basically a puzzel game where you try to get payback on traffic after ebing stuck on 495 for several hours.
,Recommended,604740,32160655,Posted: 3 June,all,PiotrekPolska,Boom! Michael Bay! Explosions! Michael Kasploom boom boom boom kablooey Bay! EXPLOSIONS!
76561198015549310,Recommended,604740,32848676,Posted: 27 June,all,ReapeRFX,"Frickin` awesome game , if u loved the crash mode from Burnout 3."
,Recommended,604740,32058163,Posted: 30 May,all,Tacky Man,Great puzzle game for the price. Really appeals to the nonstalgia of playing Burnout 3 back in the day.
76561198154549680,Recommended,604740,32082152,Posted: 31 May,all,The HitMan,"Love this game, the crashes,explosions and graphics. Endless hours of fun."
,Recommended,604740,32097313,Posted: 31 May,all,at0micgarden,"Well, they did it. The founders of Criterion Games went and made a Crash Mode game. It's as awesome as you hope it is."
,Recommended,604740,32128070,Posted: 2 June,all,v8vaantage,"I loved the Crash mode on Burnout 3 Takedown and Revenge, it was always my favourite game mode as it was so addictive and made you chase after that unbeatable score. Over 10 years later, and it makes a glorius return, made by the same people behind the Burnout series. It's very similar to Burnout 3's version in which you had to collect the bonus pickups and extra crashbreakers. The score multipliers are gone, but instead replaced by ""Grand Slam"" in which if you collect all of the pickup's you can smashbreak your way to collect the golden bonus coin. This can add several million to your score.Unreal Engine 4 powers the game and even moderatly modern hardware should have no problem running this at full HD resolution.It is quite short, and all the levels are inside this large warehouse type building so the environment gets a bit ""samey"". But the gameplay is there so Three Fields at least have given us an insight as to what sort of ""full game"" they have in mind.I would love to see an expanded follow-up title, but even if they added a ""level generator"", different types of veichles and a multiplayer mode as DLC I'd buy it!"
,Recommended,604740,32059508,Posted: 30 May,all,MYstiK MeWTwo,"Who doesn't love tactically crashing cars and watching everything around you explode and burn while the damage total racks up?Idiots, thats who!"
,Recommended,604740,32058435,Posted: 30 May,all,THEDARKNIGHT77,takes me back to the old days of burnout  and its fun but there is a fatal error crash well might want to fix.
76561198284909954,Recommended,604740,32149873,Posted: 3 June,all,Happyrock80,"I really want to love this game, but right now all I see is potential and not fun. I don't see me asking for a refund, but I need more than what is offered right now to fully enjoy it."
76561197989994273,Not Recommended,604740,32117855,Posted: 1 June,all,Krakenous,"Unfortunately. No.This is a pet project piggy-backing off the success of the teams earlier Burnout games when Criterion did them, great you might think! However, although seemingly fun for the first half an hour or so, a pattern of issues and shortcomings come to light.So what does it do right? Well...It scratches an itch, but not for long, and for £9.99 I even feel like it is too much to pay. What else...it's crash mode done on a budget, which for a DEMO is great, however for a release it's hard to justify.Here are the problems, and IMHO these for me, kill the feeling of wanting to play more. It feels half baked. Sound effects are severely lacking for some of the more intimate clunks, crashes, wheel spins, skids, crack and explosions. There is little to no ambience, or sense of scale in the audio work so this make it fall short. Car sound is average, it teases at sounding very very good when it's revving but alas it's just a bog standard V8 sample. Physics, very very on rails and floaty, virtually no sense of weight or impact to the cars, everything feels like it hits with similar force, driving is overly grippy but not in that classic slidey burnout way, in a new way that feels ""arcade machine"" as arcade racer. Graphically, very very bland, ugly even (for an UE4 title, never thought i'd say the word) as it's just very flat, even explosions and fire does not look UE4 quality. The damage effects are burnout 3 at best and non existent at worst. Only scraps and scrapes with the odd panels, no deformation from Burnout: Paradise or other details. The lighting is actually rather nice, but it's the models, meshes and texture work that doesn't complete it.Gamplay wise, 20 levels, 1 car (plus a police skin with siren for all Plat medals, which is quite a let down) can be beaten in about 90 minutes or in my case, I got far enough before getting bored. And boring, it simply is. It's far to much about getting the linked medal combos to get the case injection boost to your crash score, than it is about actual skill in where, how, and when you throw your car into the traffic and crash breakers. Burnout 3/4 were not like this, you could easily get huge scores without getting the medals but this seems far to forced into make you play each level a very set way to even just manage to get a Gold, never mind a Platinum medal.Thoroughly let down by this game, Dangerous Golf was at least prettier but Danger Zone suffers from the ""little done little shown"" ethic of games design. I want them to make a true spiritual successor to Burnout, not this what can only be described as a low key tech demo. So I can not recommend this game which is a shame IMHO."
76561197967559520,Not Recommended,604740,34701470,Posted: 2 September,all,JeffyThanatos,"Cashing in on people's memory of the Burnout games.After about 15 minutes, you have pretty much seen all the game has, and it's not fun unless your main purpose is to perfect a level and beat other player's scores.  There is no fun in crashing, and it does not feel like a sandbox of explosions.To me this feels nothing like the Crash levels in Burnout.   The levels make me feel claustrophobic.  They are in large concrete rooms with a low ceiling.  I don't feel free to play around and crash things, I feel hemmed in and restricted.  The actual gameplay is the same.  There are ""Score Multiplier"" powerups you MUST pick up if you even want to get to the next level, and you do.  You want to get to the next level so you do not have to play the level you are on.  The cars seem to only have 2 states, Driving straight, or blowing up, and contrary to the screenshots, the explosions are not great.There are trucks with a lot of propane tanks on them.  You would think that the propane tanks explode.  They are Red, they are Propane tank shaped, and this is a video game.  They don’t...  They just fly around the same way a crate would.There may be explosion physics, but almost no actual car/driving physics.  Some levels you have to drive in-between cars going the same direction as you, a light tap may divert them a little, but not how cars would react, and anything more than a light tap and they explode.  There is almost no deformation of cars at all.The camera is poor.  It is hard to see any cool explosions because it always stays rather close in on the car.tldr: Even for the price, this is forgettable and makes me regret spending the money(And I spend quite a lot of money on steam)."
76561198029321256,Recommended,604740,32162008,Posted: 3 June,all,mexalen,"If you played Burnout 3 or Burnout Revenge, you know the drill. Get the timing and approach right, wreck havoc, grab some multipliers and explode your car to steer it clumsily into the next junction.If you haven't played a Burnout game, you still do the same.Anyway, I loved the Crash Mode in Burnout and I am so happy to finally have a game again, where I can enjoy this simple mix of planned mayhem and losing all controll during the ensuing madness of tumbling cars, explosions and sparks flying through the air.The game has 20 Maps, wich is a fair amount, but definately lives from playing them repeatedly dozens of times. If you're not competetive for the global leaderboard or don't care if you have a bronze or platin-medal on a level, you'll be done within 2 hours.The game runs smoothly and the visual effects look great. The only draw back is, that there is no separate local mutliplayer mode.I hope that the devs make enough money for a sequel, because there is so much more they can add to this game."
,Recommended,604740,32258958,Posted: 7 June,all,Dylan B,"good game, can get very annoying, wish there was a selection of cars to pick from to crash"
,Not Recommended,604740,33293736,Posted: 5 July,all,FarewellVHS,"This main problem with this game is slow loading / restart times. You try, see how you failed, reload and try again and again Super Meat Boy Style, but met with far more waiting than would be ideal.Further, each little mission or set piece seems lacking depth and much fun. Cars spawn but then seem to stop spawning after your initial crash or so. You can make your engine blow up and make your car fly around for added points, but comapred to say, Skate's Hall of Meat mode or other destruction mini games, this one is not fun."
,Recommended,604740,32064028,Posted: 30 May,all,Heavens Night,"This is what ive been waiting for , just wish it had a lot more content as it is very bare bones but still very fun."
,Recommended,604740,32069118,Posted: 30 May,all,FUNKANIC,"I see a lot of potential in this game, although I would like some more crumpled up car physics, but for now the gameplay is pretty solid so far.https://youtu.be/qpqheqaY61A"
76561198031342528,Recommended,604740,32240977,Posted: 7 June,all,Me,"From what I've played of this game so far it feels reminiscent of Burnout crash mode, and the rush I get from smashing into traffic and causing total mayhem is something I rarely get from any other game. A joy to play!"
,Recommended,604740,32059364,Posted: 30 May,all,[BLS]Sector_Zer0,Loving this game and its Burnout crash mode gameplay.
76561198103866293,Recommended,604740,32079576,Posted: 31 May,all,ElDuderino,Freakingly fun game.
76561198348848795,Recommended,604740,32197823,Posted: 5 June,all,CarolinaCharlie,Good game so far.
76561198031063906,Recommended,604740,32216595,Posted: 6 June,all,sevatar1066,Really great game - cool graphics and effects.Nice title from the Burnout crew.Recommended for a bit of stress relief.Hope to see more like this.
,Recommended,604740,34003696,Posted: 3 August,all,DeepFriedCookie,"I really, personally like this game. It reminds me of Turbo Dismount, accept more realistic crashes and physics. If you're looking for a game thats mixed between Turbo Dismount and Beam.ng, try this one out. Though, know evantually that some of it can get boring."
,Recommended,604740,34061812,Posted: 6 August,all,Jenny Wakeman,Really nice game for someone who likes burnout crash mode.
,Not Recommended,604740,34816586,Posted: 8 September,all,Twisted TMN,"poo game. I'd rather see the ps2 burnout remastered on steam, rather than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ That ps2 game was my childhood. 15 minutes of gameplay, then theres nothing happening, other than the first 15 minutes of gameplay over and over."
76561198017815328,Recommended,604740,32434745,Posted: 15 June,all,HyperPac,"This game captures the original Burnout spirit very well. But it needs refinement - and a lot of it. Don´t get me wrong, this isn´t a bad game. But it needs music, more scenarios (like real world scenes, not only those underground bunkers), the car needs to be able to reverse and there are small issues with the steering when you drive against a wall before crashing.Overall I would say that it´s more like a BETA. Hopefully the devs get some money from the sale and can continue the development.---Check out my youtube arcade channel:https://www.youtube.com/gartenschlauchgaming"
76561198086112338,Recommended,604740,32067062,Posted: 30 May,all,The Sorcerer of Disconnect,"""Danger Zone""by Kenny LogginsRevvin' up your engineListen to her howlin' roarMetal under tensionBeggin' you to touch and goHighway to the Danger ZoneRide into the Danger ZoneHeadin' into twilightSpreadin' out her wings tonightShe got you jumpin' off the deckAnd shovin' into overdriveHighway to the Danger ZoneI'll take youRight into the Danger ZoneThey never say hello to youUntil you get it on the red line overloadYou'll never know what you can doUntil you get it up as high as you can goOut along the edgeIs always where I burn to beThe further on the edgeThe hotter the intensityHighway to the Danger ZoneI'm gonna take youRight into the Danger ZoneHighway to the Danger ZoneRight into the Danger ZoneIn all seriousness, if you enjoy arcade scorboard games or just trying to cause as much destruction as you can, this game is a lot of fun.Edit: Thought i should include the name of the guy who actually did the song..."
,Recommended,604740,32069450,Posted: 30 May,all,Disasterbenz,This takes me back to the good old burnout days!
76561198268257178,Recommended,604740,32210394,Posted: 5 June,all,bkiser578,My PC can't run the game can i have a refund? Its a good game just to good form my PC
,Not Recommended,604740,32077093,Posted: 30 May,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"absolute trash, the destruction on the vehicles is basically no here, whether or not it is going to be more crazy or not, I'm not sure.Driving is garbage too, feels like I'm playin an arcade driving game at the movies or something, so bad."
,Not Recommended,604740,32074762,Posted: 30 May,all,Bruh,Listen...listenAs a video game connoisseur I feel I have the authority to speak this matter.♥♥♥♥ this stupid poopy assdick game it is so much poopy doo doo
,Not Recommended,604740,32125966,Posted: 2 June,all,lucaspark,"It's OK.It has potential.I worry that this was meant as a guinea pig/testing game, and it kinda sounds like the dev is thinking if this sells well, they will simply make and sell another game, instead of adding to this game.And that would be a shame.There is potential here, but this is a 2-3 hour play at most. One car, pretty terrible setting (the metal and darkness actually hurt my eyes to play for more than 30 minutes at a time) and the crashes are unspectacular compared to the predecessor, Burnout.Therefore, although it is an OK game, due to how Steam allow you to either say yea or nay, I kinda have to say nay. It's not a rip-off at $12.99, but it is not quite enough game for that price, either."
76561198088590206,Recommended,604740,32114470,Posted: 1 June,all,drewbenoit0506,it's pretty fun if insubstantial i wish we could costomize the car in some way if nothing else it would help pick your car out of the burning crumpled wreckage. the scoring's a bit wonky and the difficulty bouces up and down. all and all its pretty fun for a few hours at a time if you're into blowing things up.
76561198047263714,Recommended,604740,32389337,Posted: 13 June,all,blairh448,"Buy this game if you want to see another Burnout game!!!I have only played the first few levels but loving it so far! The classic crash mode you remember, now with more levels.These are some of the main devs from the burnout games, now in a small studio they used some of their last money after dangerous golf to make this.If not enough people buy this the little studio will close, no chance of a spiritual burnout remake from them in future.Its also actually a pretty damn good game it seems and not very expensive.Help the burnout devs and get this game."
,Recommended,604740,32421495,Posted: 14 June,all,Cyka McBlyat,"HUGE fan of the Burnout series, especially 3 of course, I picked this up almost immediately when I saw it on sale.  It's at a good price for what it is and I'd recommend playing it for sure!  It's a little bare bones though and judging from how Three Fields have supported their games after launch (Not much at all) I doubt that we'll be seeing any DLC further down the line.  It'd be awesome to have an actual selection of cars, better leaderboards, varied maps, a revamped Takedown Mode, etc but at this point I don't think we'll be seeing any of that :(I'm giving it a Solid 7/10 only because it's ♥♥♥♥ING CRASH MODE FROM BURNOUT 3 TAKEDOWN AND THAT ALONE IS WORTH THE PRICE.  Knocking off those three other points because it's incredibly lacking in the content department.  Here's hoping Three Fields gets a chance to work on something much more varied, bigger, and fun further down the line.  They've proved that they can do it with this and Dangerous Golf, but they should have spent more time developing this into a full fledged revival of that classic Burnout gameplay we all love."
76561197970219442,Not Recommended,604740,32348918,Posted: 11 June,all,bodisafa,"The game keeps crashing, input loss is frequent when playing with controllers and steam link.What I loved most about Burnout Paradise and the earlier incarnations was people gathered around the TV to watch the spectacle.  This game was released too early."
,Not Recommended,604740,32214266,Posted: 5 June,all,BurnoutGT45,"*sigh*That was the sound I made when I beat the final level of Danger Zone and realized I had seen everything this game had to offer. By the way, I'm being generous when I call this a game; it's a tech demo, more so than Dangerous Golf. At least that game had some pretty scenery to look at, but this game's environment is more drab than gridlock on a Friday afternoon on the way home from work.Danger Zone is the latest game from Three Fields Entertainment, an indie studio founded by the original founders from Criterion. Based on that statement alone, it was only a matter of time before they would make something like Burnout, if you don't count Dangerous Golf that is. Regardless, Danger Zone has its occasional moments. The one car you get steers decent enough, traffic checking (returning from Burnout: Revenge) feel good enough to get the job done, and seeing the wreck you caused afterwards via slow flyby does bring back some nice memories.Danger Zone takes place over 20 levels as you smash your way through cars and grab cash tokens to up your score. Simple stuff really, but here's my number one problem with Danger Zone: The cash tokens. See, in Burnout 3: Takedown, all the pickups(By pickups, I mean cash and smashbreakers; multipliers return in a different form in Danger Zone via cars you hit after activating smashbreaker)were visible from the start and order wasn't important so you could crash through a level however you wanted to. In Danger Zone, you have to grab all 3 bronze tokens and the 2 silver ones before the last gold token appears, similar to Dangerous Golf. Also, you have to grab them in order, bronze then silver and finally gold, otherwise you lose out on an extra $2.5 million added to your crash total. This system is pointless and only encourages frustration as you try and figure out the EXACT ROUTE the developers want you to take instead of FINDING or MAKING the best route on your own. However you feel about it in Dangerous Golf, it doesn't feel right here and removes what made the Crash Mode in Burnout so special in the first place.Speaking of special, what happened to the scenery? I get being on a tight budget and all because they're a small dev team, but the little things would have gone a long way to make this one stand out. A building here, a light pole there...where are all the light poles? They can put toll booths in one level, but no light poles? These highways have no proper barriers or anything other than makeshift ones in one level; they're literally just floating road that cause a fail state if you fall off. The 'tunnels' also feel out of place with the open sides in some levels, but road underneath. Is it a tunnel or not? I get that it's because this is all part of a virtual training simulation aesthetic, but that aesthetic robs this game of any life in my opinion. Setting this in the arctic would have been better; not many trees there either but at least it isn't in some underground bunker where you can't even see a sky.All of that about the scenery feels like nitpicking as I'm typing this outwhich I've now spent longer writing this review than playing the game itself, but it's not. Danger Zone is from people that were behind Burnout and it can have some nice nostalgic moments, but it has none of the heart, the soul, or to be quite honest, the fun. The scenery and virtual presentation are pretty boring and nothing out of the ordinary. The Grand Slam cash token bonus, along with only having one drivable car, strips away any experimentation and forces you down one route where rigid execution matters more than style or substance. Also, let's be honest: Crash Mode, while fun to play, was always a side mode compared to the racing. It didn't need to be its own game.If you're like me and played Burnout almost non-stop back in 2004 and 2005, you'll see everything here and get all the achievements in under 2 hours. In and of itself, the length isn't really that bad, but when the game is so monotonous, it feels too similar well before that runtime is over. It's obvious that the focus here was on the explosions and particle effects, as the cars don't even get banged up that much, they just get some scratches on their crash test paint jobs. Here's a good question:Why is every car dressed up like it's in the safety part of a car commercial?Recommendation:Danger Zone may give you some nostalgia while it lasts, but the Grand Slam cash bonus (required if you want the best scores, which why wouldn't you?), the one car, and the stale scenery won't make you want to come back. This game, and in my opinion this studio, needs a major creative boost, which no update to this can fix as far as I'm concerned. I'm not mad that I played Danger Zone; I'm just disappointed.If you want something similar, getTurbo Dismountinstead; it's not so much a game as much as a crash sandbox, but it has multiple vehicles, Steam Workshop support for custom levels, and is also made by an indie studio that managed to churn all that out in a game that costs less than this one does, and it's received multiple free content updates since its 2014 release. Also, the cars and ragdolls actually break apart, and the audio and visual presentation is top notch. Buy that instead.Speaking of presentation, a game calledDANGER ZONEdoesn't even haveKenny Logginsin it, or any music AT ALL. Even Dangerous Golf had a theme song. Skip this one.As for the roadmap:I'm not impressed. 4 of the 5 new cars seem like they literally will handle the same as the starter car, the F1 car the only one being remotely interesting. Even then, I don't think that will change the core problems with this game. Also, removing the ceiling from the facility doesn't change the fact that this game still takes place in a training facility. I'm sure those 12 extra levels are going to be worth the wait though, right? I mean, adding more tedium to the existing tedium will guaranteed make the game better, right?Oh wait, they're XBOX exclusive for 2 months...of course they are."
,Recommended,604740,35245991,Posted: 27 September,all,Funkymonkey,"First of all, dont expect some thing on the level of the old burnout games. because its not. But its a nice little game if you dont expect a criterion game. TFE only has a staff size of 11, not ~100 like they used to. Challenging (if you strive for gold/platinum medals) and fun little homage to the old games. Get it now and help them make the game even better. Yes there is more content coming."
