user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,605990,32807285,Posted: 26 June,all,Min,"Have played the first Episode and I would definitely recommend Hospital Heat as well.It explains quite a few back stories that we didn't know before in the previous episode.Loved the graphics, mini games and the storyline is really intriguing.Personally feel that certain mini games would be easier if played on a mobile phone.Nevertheless, love this game."
,Recommended,605990,31942056,Posted: 24 May,all,TheSquishyPenguin,"Not sure what it is about the Heart's Medicine games but I'm completely addicted to them! The gameplay is great - I love these kinds of management games but the story! OMG the story! I'm so invested in these characters lives, I can't wait for the next installment already! Keep up the great work guys, this game is well worth the price."
76561198283261760,Recommended,605990,32043367,Posted: 29 May,all,hollyhopewell,"I definitely recommend Hospital Heat, for those who are new to time-management games, and those who aren't, it's a fun way to pass the time, and the story and cut scenes are a new welcome to the form!The story, this time, seems much more light-hearted than the previous installment, which is funny, since I was expecting to have my heart broken this time around, whereas in Time to Heal, I was completely blind-sided by the feelings the game made me feel. There's plenty to do, with fun minigames, sixty levels, thirty bonus levels, two hidden minigames, and a chance to refurbish your apartment, and the story manages to be witty and engaging as well.Going from that, out of Time to Heal and Hospital Heat, I do prefer Time to Heal, mostly because it seems much more polished, story wise. The graphics between the two games stayed the same (which is no problem for me, since I think the graphics are really cute), and the music as well (which I personally love), but the story this time around, as other reviewers have pointed out, focuses much more on the love triangle between Daniel, Connor, and Allison.Stemming from that, I do have a few problems with the game, centering mostly on its credibility. Now, I understand, this is a time-management PC game, and more than that, it's a fictional medical drama, so I wasn't banking on it to be super realistic in the form of its story. The amount of medical knowledge is awesome, and I really enjoy visiting all of the new hospital wards. But I did have a few problems -- mainly --Allison somehow manages to perform brain surgery -- by herself, mind, which is dumb in of itself, since she's just an intern -- while the hospital is burning down? No smoke inhalation for her or her mother, who is getting major brain surgery done? Really? I would understand, maybe, if the fire had been further away from them, but when the camera pans out, and we see they're surrounded by fire, that's when it became a bit too much for me, and then, somehow, Daniel manages to burst through a solid wall using only an axe (I think), and practically carries two women out of the hospital, not to mention the fact that Mathilda had BRAIN SURGERY moments before? Uh, no, I don't think so.Concerning the love triangle, Allison seems perfectly happy with Connor, so it's very bizarre to see her pull a complete one-eighty when Daniel comes back around. Now I understand she's in love with him, blah blah blah, but they could have, at the very least, shown us her missing him or having some sort of doubt in her relationship with Connor, but no, she just goes from Connor to Daniel in a split second, and all because of a misunderstanding. And, if Connor really loves her as much as we're led to believe, then we're really supposed to just accept the fact that he tries to give her one rose, sees her with Daniel, and calls it quits? I don't know about that one... And then, the story sort of alludes to the fact that Allison misses Connor, so we'll probably see this storyline yet again in the next game. I love romance as much as the next gal (just look at the games I have in my library, if you don't believe me), but even I tire after seeing the same love-triangle three games in a row! Give us something new, or, at least, a new couple to squeal over. We had Sophia and Joe, but then they decided to crush everything good in this world with his death (but let's be honest, I knew he was going to die, because this is a medical drama and no two characters can be that happy and stay that happy), and the game is sort of hinting at Sophia and Chance (or, at least, Chance having feelings for Sophia), but I wouldn't mind seeing a different couple sprinkled in there, too. If you're going to push another season of Allison-Connor-Daniel, at least give us a moderately happy twosome to ship!Sometimes, the characters act like they've never seen the clichés this game likes to pull. And even though the story and its plotlines are cliché, the characters and the execution are charming enough to let it slide. But Sam, who is a licensed psychiatrist/therapist doesn't see the clear signs of PTSD right in front of her, and instead labels it off as anxiety? Um...okay... and then Allison comes across a crying Sophia after having learned of her pregnancy and asks ""What's wrong?"" GURL, what do you think is wrong?? Her husband died only months before and now she's having his baby! Also, it did bother me that Allison and the other girls couldn't see how lonely and upset Sam was every time they all came to congregate in her office. Allison, Sophia, and Ruth are all show to be kind and compassionate people (albeit, in different ways), but none of them could see how uncomfortable Sam was to have them all congregate in her office without inviting her, and how lonely she is? Jenny I get, because that's her character. She's sweet, but naïve, and a bit ditsy, but especially, she's a little oblivious to almost everything, I get how she couldn't really pick up on that. But the others? No.Now, Victor's disappearance did sort of irk me, since it's like he's gotten off scot-free, even though he's endangered two generations of the same hospital, and even if he died, I think that's being merciful to him and his character, because he should have to deal with the consequences of his actions, however, that's not why I'm mad. I'm mad because the game is hinting that Chance did it. Now, I may be reading too far into it, but when Chance is relaying his ""dream"", he smiles at the end, in a satisfied sort of way, giving me a feeling that he may have done it after all. Besides, if it wasn't important, the game wouldn't have shown it in great detail, like they had. Instead, they could have had him just casually mention that he's been having strange dreams. My problem with this is, Chance is such a level-headed and kind character, and now, suddenly, he's this deranged guy who killed somebody? I understand anybody is capable of murder when pushed too far, and maybe he wanted justice for all Victor caused, but that still rubs me the wrong way, not to mention the fact that he pushes being ""relaxed"" and ""level-headed"", so this makes him a MAJOR hypocrite. But honestly, it just feels like the writers said, ""Hey, let's add some more drama by making this character we built up to be this stand-up guy to murder somebody in cold blood! That'll be cool!"" and went with it. Maybe if they had shown him showing some homicidal tendencies beforehand, it could have been more believable, but at this point, I'm just annoyed.And finally, my biggest gripe with the game, Sam, or, more importantly, Sam being terrible at her job. Now, like I've said before, this game is no stranger to clichés, and it has no qualms about making the most of them, so yeah, I wasn't all that surprised at Sam being a down-on-her-luck character, who falls for the vain and attractive jerk, is being bullied by a beautiful colleague, has low-self-esteem, and basically no friends. In fact, I found myself a little endeared toward her because the execution of her is downright adorable. However, SHE GAVE DANIEL UNPRESCRIBED PILLS. SHE'S A GODDAMN DOCTOR AND SHE GAVE HIM UNPRESCRIBED PILLS. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! First, she fails to see that he has PTSD after he saved two people from a burning hospital, an honest mistake, but then she just gives him pills she always carries around? I just. I CANNOT with this. I'm not a doctor, nor will I ever be, but even I know that you don't give someone pills they haven't been prescribed to by a doctor. You could say this is a rookie mistake, especially because Sam is so quiet and nervous, hence the anxiety pills in the first place, but she seems fairly competent at her job (for most of the game, at least), and then this happens. I'm just at a loss for how the writers thought this was a good idea to just sneak in there. My God."
,Recommended,605990,32028741,Posted: 28 May,all,Jeddi151,"Heart's Medicine - Hospital Heat is the 3rd game in the series.  It is a Time Management Game themed in a Soap Opera Hospital.  The gameplay is moving patients to different areas on the screen, and completing minigames to earn hearts.  Earn enough hearts in the level to advance, and complete challenges to earn gems.The gameplay has not changed since the previous title on steam (Time to Heal) and is similar to the Diner Dash and Delicious games if you have played those games.  The gameplay is more challenging in this game of the series, but nothing drastic that will make most people notice.Once again, the story is the shining star in this game.  The developers must have noticed that the 2nd game of the series got a lot of attention because of the story, so they again challenge the tear ducts on this one even more, and they do it from the start of the first act.The gameplay again is nothing to brag about, but the story is what you are going to tell you friends about.  They might call you a filthy casual for playing this type of game, but you and I both know, the story is real and are looking forward to the next game in the series.I would suggest playing the 2nd game of the series (Time to Heal) before this game as they are some slight references to it and is available on Steam.  The 1st game of the series is not available on steam at the time of this writing.Achievement Quest: Easy 100% that can be done on 1 playthrough.  Earn all the Stars and All the Games and you should be fine.  Make sure to use the heart boosting stations early, so you don't have to replay levels.  The Vincent achievemnt can be a challenge.  I got it in the last act."
76561198025560698,Recommended,605990,33173055,Posted: 3 July,all,sazerac,"WOW! What a game.  Started playing this & was so drawn in I had to stop to play the entirety of the first episode so I could follow the whole story.  Time management games are NOT my bag.  I even refuse to play Jenga because  it stresses me out.  This series, however, is remarkable.  I enjoy playing the Emily 'Delicious!' series, but this tops it handily for any adult gamer.  I mean, they killed off a main character! It wasn't gory or pandering, but they introduced you to characters, developed them, and pulled off drama by having the player be responsible for cleaning up the disasters-- ALL WHILE being cartoony & funny.  The game frustrates me in that I'm unable to complete all the achievements & fully pimp out Allison's apartment, but hey- if every game were easy enough that all players could be completionists, what's the point?11/10- Highly recommendUnless a puppy is begging you to play, this game is time well spent, and a generous amount of it besides- 20+ hours easy if you're an achievement hunter.  Kudos to the development team.Oh! & A hint they don't mention- for the diaper mini-game, drag the wipes and diaper down first, & out of that little @#$%'s reach, then move it left to avoid having to give the kid a toy.  LIFE HACK"
76561198026362756,Recommended,605990,33456233,Posted: 11 July,all,Angfucious,"This is the 2nd installment in the Heart's Medicine series.  This is what time management games should be right here.  You actually had to use your brain to beat these stages and get the challenges completed.  Graphics are as beautiful as the 1st game.  The music.. I really am starting to like the cut music they put in these games. Storywise... the beginning gets a bit frustrating because you want to dive right in from the end of the 1st and get right to the 2nd.  You actually have to wait a bit before the story starts rolling, but stick with it.  Once it starts picking up, you are in for a doozy!"
,Recommended,605990,32405958,Posted: 14 June,all,ShinyWhip,"Good story line that will lead you to laughter and tears. Easy gameplay that allows you to enjoy the story more. I picked it up mainly to play when I had 15 to 20 minutes of free time. A little pricey for what it is but worth it.Be warned, however, it has a memory leak bug. The game occasionally freezes. It will usually snap out of it. However, it does crash from time to time. I have a superb gaming system that is able to handle just about any large scale game. This game shouldn't be a problem for my machine. It's not the end of the world but disappointing."
,Recommended,605990,32270239,Posted: 8 June,all,Dead Man,"This game, my god this game.Let me start by saying this game has a more traumatic story than most tv dramas to date, and the plot doesnt get any better.The story follows allison's story starting with so much drama you can't figure out how you even got fully into this situation. As you go on it slowly explains the circumstances reveal after dramatic reveal. I mean it just keeps going and going and going, there is no way to explain any more of it without spoliers.And as you think the game is at a grind you get immediatley blasted, there's more with more drama, a new character (best new waifu ""ever""), a loveable new protaganist with barely anything occuring in her life till the drama of the previous levels is introduced to her. (New game based on her.....yes please)The gameplay, is just the same as most of the other games with little twists, as every 10 levels you are swapped to a new experience, new challenges, new set up of everything in the room. This game will not bore you with it as you are too busy looking throughout the level to find which patient / visitor / doctor needs assistance next. There are no punches pulled as sometimes you wont be able to help everyone to 100% as they ask all at the same time. That doesn't stop from keeping them alive and mostly healthy though.Overall this game pulls no punches as you would expect from these guys, who are doing a better job than everyone who writes bold and the beautiful. And the comedy you would expect from classic and modern humour."
76561198311821693,Recommended,605990,34334039,Posted: 18 August,all,SunnySideEgg,"Heart's Medicine - Hospital Heat reminds me so much of 'Diner Dash' because of the time management. This game is one of my favorite games because it's very fun to play and addicting- I couldn't stop playing when I first purchased it!  The storyline is interesting and easy to follow along. I don't remember the last time I've been this addicted to a game, it's totally worth the money. Please consider buying this game!"
76561198046602387,Recommended,605990,32011545,Posted: 27 May,all,redpanda47,"This is the rare instance where each game in the series has gotten better. I've enjoyed both previous games but really this one shows they keep improving. The levels are a good length, and complex. The characters are likelable and the music and graphics are great. I like the art style here even better than the other Delicious games. Honestly my only complaint here is that I wish there had been more levels to make it a longer game. I can't wait for the next installment. I need to know what happens!!"
,Recommended,605990,33761953,Posted: 24 July,all,NinesNeko,"I loved this game. Probably more than I loved the first. The storyline is always phenomenal (even if Ididn't want Allison to end up with Daniel again because Connor hello). They are my time waster games, but they have spectacular art and writing. It keeps me from sleeping, and I have to stop myself from playing it in one sitting.Now that I have all the achievements for this one, I'm gonna go and play the first to get all of them.And most likely cry again when we lose Joe."
,Recommended,605990,32285862,Posted: 9 June,all,very tall midget,"It is a wonderful game, the story line is amazing, and it plays really well. Such a tear jerker. I am a fan and can not wait until the next game comes out"
76561198045122389,Recommended,605990,32072328,Posted: 30 May,all,Shadowtech629,"This game combines everything that I love in a great game. Time management, a great story, a progressive difficulty system, all in all outstanding. If you enjoyed the first Heart's Medicine game, or other time mangement games I absolutely recommend picking this game up as well."
76561198329593074,Recommended,605990,32098575,Posted: 31 May,all,Weird A,"So, I played the first one and I ADORED the first one Time To Heal. I loved the story - I was hooked.This was no exception - I was once again hooked. There are so many questions that I want answered so I'm REALLY looking forward to the next game - and there is going to be a next one.Once again, the controls were easy with point and click but a lot of things had been changed about it - it was a little difficult at first since I had moved from the first game to the second but after a while I got used to it.I do look forward to the third one and I'm hoping that it is just as dramatic as this one and the previous one. But I really do recommend this game so long as you played the first game."
,Recommended,605990,33473761,Posted: 12 July,all,Kaya the Kure,"(This is from my blog - Kayas Arcade as a part of my 52 games in 52 weeks challenge)https://www.facebook.com/Kayasarcade/I saw this game while browsing steam. Never heard of it, or seen it before - it was on sale, so I thought ""why not try it"".This game definitely goes under the 'guilty pleasure' category for me. I love those kind of games, and always have one on my phone for when I travel.I was surprised how much story this game actually had. It was over the top, soap opera style - And I liked it, it was funny and great for a 'simple' game.So for some reason I also decided to 100% it - and I bought the previous game for iPad. It's a neat casual game, when you just need to waste a little time and relax.I think GameHouse and Blue Giraffe & Friends made a really great time-management game, and it's really cool to see a game like this, actually 'tell a story'."
,Not Recommended,605990,33558435,Posted: 15 July,all,GrottoesK,"The story is so cheesy, I like it. Original songs are lovely also. But the gameplay gets tedious very quickly, I feel done after 30-40 levels, there's no 'actual' strategy involved (because it's casual games, I can understand that) so new stages are just more frustrating rather than more challenging.Casual games with this style have a lot of stages, they only have weak underlying plot which is not important to gameplay, allow them to achieve the true 'time killer' status. Heart's medicine, however, has solid story and tries its best to deliver the story with side challenges, but a lot of stages feel like they were just trying to fill in the level quota. It feels like Heart's medicine cannot decide whether it wants to be time killer casual game or story driven game, and it stucks in between, not delivering either aspect to the full potential.I'm in dilemma when I play it, I want to see more of the story but the stages are so tedious. I feel like there are a lot of potential in this game but for now, I have to say nay.TLDR; Solid story, tedious gameplay, weak storytelling."
,Recommended,605990,32118949,Posted: 1 June,all,Kaycecoop,"I played through the previous game, Heart's Medicine - Time to Heal and it had a very engaging story. The time management gameplay isn't too shabby and that goes double for the second entry into this series. It's a bit cheesy at times, but enjoyable!Check out my gameplay video below of Heart's Medicine - Hospital Heathttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zhwhAERXLY"
76561197974605895,Recommended,605990,33071670,Posted: 1 July,all,Bambi Love,Relaxing game.
76561198091516977,Recommended,605990,33838680,Posted: 27 July,all,Blackrose99,Just as great then the first two games! Even better!
,Recommended,605990,33405561,Posted: 9 July,all,diwatadhana,as a nurse i love this game a LOT
76561198085747100,Recommended,605990,32534090,Posted: 18 June,all,土逼难勃丸,老婆喜欢玩
