user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,608800,32119077,Posted: 1 June,all,TheAngelOfRoses,"Wow... Uhhhhh where do I start?A primer:I had the orginal Guns of Icarus Online back when it was popular (Logged about 42 Hours on it). The game itself is alot of fun dont get me wrong. However, without the playerbase numbers it used to have you simply just dont have a community to fuel a game type like this. Dont get me wrong: I love GOI, but I have some heartburn with this ""game"".(For Referance:Online = Guns of Icarus OnlineAlliance = Guns of Icarus Alliance)What is Alliance?:Alliance fixes a MAJOR issue Online had, the lack of PVE. Something that honestly could have kept the game alive from the start imo. However, today its released as a 20 Dollar DLC to a 5 Dollar game, which considering how little content is actually added? It seems more like a money grab than anything. While it acts like an actual game on the steam store it actually needs Online to function. To rectify this issue they actually bundle Online with Alliance and basically just leave Online (which was once the actual game provided by these people) as a now gimp'd version of Alliance. Stupid? Yes. It kinda spits on people who bough Online for full price back in its prime because now its basically just 5 bucks off this new game.FAQ:Do I need to buy Guns of Icarus Online for this game to work?No, the game is bundled with Alliance, it seems that Muse's scope for this game changed rapidly multiple times and is listed as both a base game and DLC on their own FAQ part of their site. So naturally there is confusion there when it seems even the publisher doesnt know what this game isHow good is the player base?Pretty empty, buy this game with friends. Otherwise its so low you'll be waiting forever to find a game. Plus Pubbies sometimes arent the best of players. Play with people you can communicate with and know are in your skill setYou said that its not really added much content? What got added?Basically? Factions. New ships and gunsTHAT YOU HAVE TO LEVEL UP TO UNLOCKand just PVE mode where what you do is go around and fight your way through multiple enemy ships and not die as you shoot the oil rigs/manufacture plants/etc over and over and over again. Its the same search and destroy stuff repeatedly. Its pretty lackluster.You have to level up for the new ships and guns?Yes, you do. and from an hour of play? I didnt even level up once. You need to grind pretty hard to make any decent progress it seems and quite frankly? The gameplay is repetititve too. Rush B and destroy the tower and move on with your day at full speed.The Review:This game is pretty solid gameplay wise, dont get me wrong. It does what its meant to. you get on a flying boat with a giant freakin ballon taped to the top of it by some jank manner, add a few guns, and you play the worlds most hardcore game of battleship but instead its in the sky, steampunk, and you can move in all 3 Axis at will. Different ships offer different weapon mountpoints and each have their own stats. Pretty solid and fun if you're new. Grab a bunch of friends and get to gether and just go ham working together and its even better.That said if you're one of those early adopters from Online? This.... really doesnt seem that great. For 20 bucks or whatever price you get it on sale you literally buy the same game you bough back in 2012-whenever Alliance came out but with PVE and a pitiful discount. Good job Muse, this really does screw over your early adopter playerbase. If i got a notification that said: Hey alliance is like 5 bucks for you since you had Guns of Icarus Online before Alliance's release. I would say Hey man its 5 bucks, grab my buddies who used to play Online and we all hop back on. That's how you breath some life back into a playerbase by bringing the vets back who will likely be dedicated to the game if the content is good.However..... Muse decided to screw up and offer for a limited time no less the ""Discount"" they gave to those who already had Online. You still get gimp'd 15 dollars for a world map, factions, and shiny toys you have to grind to unlock.NOT COOL20-15 bucks is what this game is worth without a sale if you're completely new to this francise. NOT something you should have to pay for literally buying the base game a couple years back. Not to mention that you dont even get an extra copy of Online if you already have it Which would have made this a bit more worth it if you did. Which really does completely screw the customer here.Furthermore: The gameplay thats added is..... lackluster....Drive, Shoot stationary target while rushing through a crowd of AI ships to not die, kill said target, rush to it, repeat.There really isnt any challenge here. And if you know what you're doing its even less difficult. Theres no massive 4 crew battles, theres not enough playerbase to support it, and if you're lucky you'll find a 2 crew battle MAYBE a 3 crew.On top of this you are only paying for:-A rather repetitive game mode-New stuff you have to grind to unlock anyway-A world map that probably wont get much action due to poor player base counts or will be dominated by a clan that snowballs-Some new maps to play onThats.... really it. Not much else. And the grinding is SLOW. When you're level 1 in a faction you'd expect a few wins and a loss to result in at least SOME EXP that gets you out of level one in said faction.Nope, barely over halfway..... greeeeeeeeaaaaat. And you need to hit presumably something more akin to a prestiege to unlock the other factions ships so you can use them. Let alone the painful grind to levels 6-8 to just unlock your factions special weapon and ship.This has just resulted in some really poor incentive to play. The player feels like they're getting nowhere and the content they PAYED MONEY FOR is something they cant even use because of a steep level gap. Which I personally cant justify under any reason. This is hindered further if you're solo. Because you'll struggle to find the games to even gain EXP with to begin with if you dont wanna just constantly rely off AI gunman/engineers constantly. Which is stupid anyway.At least with a few friends you can play multiple roles and switch in and out and have a blast together, not constantly get railed by a poor playerbase.Pros & ConsPros and Cons are weighted by ""+"" or ""-"" symbols respectivly, 1 being not too impactful, 3 being very impactful to the game and its qualityPros:+Fun with friends (you'd need 3 plus yourself at a minimum)+Good Visuals+Solid gameplay+Rather extensive character customization which is nice+The items you can take for loadouts are pretty well balanced+It seems Muse will continue to support this gameCons:---Almost impossible to unlock any of the weapons/ships solo rendering a solid portion of this DLC unsuable which for 20 bucks they should all be automatically unlocked for you---Repetitive PVE---Massive price for what is really just a standalone DLC that should be 5 bucks, 10 for the Online/Aliance bundle---If you own Online you're screwed. You get secondhand updates from the Alliance update pipeline. Its an afterthought by this point. Not a good way to treat past customers Muse.--Nearly dead player base--Some people have complained of crashes and visual issues--The playerbase CAN be toxic. Especially if you deny a reccomended loadout or run something that somebody doesnt like.--8 Dollar costume pack? Really Muse? You're bleeding your playerbase as it is.-Some weapons tend to have a must have ammo type. Like Greased in the gatling gun.Overall Rating:2/10You screwed yourself Muse. You overcharged for this DLC that should be a 10 dollar bundle for Online and Alliance, 5 for those who already have Online. Your steep price isnt going to put any extra life into this dying game's playerbase. I am refunding this ""game"""
76561198043885511,Recommended,608800,30907213,Posted: 2 April,all,Kestril,"With ~700 hours or ~1000 matches on old GOI, and an alpha/beta tester for Alliance, I can recommend Alliance if you desire two of  the three below:+Teamwork-focused play+Airships+Stratigic planning and execution.I'll go into each in more detail below, but that's the TL;DR. If you check off two boxes above: get the game!TeamworkWith the basic ship requiring four crewmembers to run, Guns of Icarus rewards the crew as a whole, not the individuals among them. For example, you can be the best gunner in the world, but if the pilot can't get the guns to bear on the target, you'll have a harder time. The same goes with piloting. You may be a great pilot, but if the engineer neglects the engines your ship will quickly be dead in the water. The same goes for engineering, you may keep the components up under pressure, but if the gunner fails to take out the enemy ship's guns or the pilot puts your ship in a 2v1, well, there is only so much a single engineer can do!At first, that may sound like a circle of blame, but the end-result is quite the opposite. Players are not selfish because selfishness and solo-carrying are not in the equation to begin with. The net result is a great feeling of comradery and a friendly, welcoming community.AirshipsThe airships feel amazing to fly and crew aboard. Skimming over dunes, weaving through broken cities, and deviously setting traps in canyons. If you like the feeling of sailing, and you like the feeling of sailing IN THE SKY, then this game NAILS that feeling.  With alliance, you no longer have to conted with any PvP anxiety, just climb aboard with your friends and have a blast sinking enemy ships. There's nothing better than sinking the map's giant boss ship in one last zooming pass!Planning and ExecutionThere are many options when it comes to ships, guns, loadouts, maps, and skills. The net result is a lot of interconnected parts that are rewarding to figure out. Want to try sitting back and sniping with your ship? Put on some long-range cannons and rockets! Want to get in close? Swap them out with a gatling gun and a flamethrower. Every ship has multipule strategies and ways of attacking depending on the ship's and crew's loadout and map.Alliance doubles-down on this. It's quite rewarding figuring out how to speed-run an attack mission, or hold the defensive line with just a single ship. The strategies and weapons for PvE can differ from PvP, making the game more interesting to learn and plan for all a level's intricasies.I hope this review helps you in your decision to purchase Guns of Icarus Alliance."
,Recommended,608800,30956325,Posted: 4 April,all,zerowise,"While I really enjoyed the premise of Guns of Icarus Online, I am not a fan of purely PvP scenarios. I played it for a few matches back in 2014, but I quickly got tired of getting plowed over by players with hundreds of hours of playtime and every ships' capabilities and ideal loadouts memorized. I know, get good, but PvP usually isn't my thing in any game - I lack competitive drive in video games, I guess. Life is competition; I am here to relax, eh?What I liked most about Guns of Icarus Online was the community. While I wasn't good enough to keep up in most cases, everyone was friendly. Mods and even the devs played sometimes. Second to that was the tightly built gameplay emphasizing teamwork and communication. So enters Alliance a few years later. And boy, does Alliance provide the gameplay and community I enjoyed, and then some. Only now, instead of feeling like I am dragging my team down with every missed shot or poor choice in repair orders, I can play in a lower-pressure environment where even just being a dedicated Engineer is a valuable contribution. Even if all I do is put out fires and buff my components with a magic crowbar that spits armor points, I am helping. And when the ship goes down, nay,shouldshe go down, no one is upset. It isn't a big deal - spawn back in and try again.At the start of each match you pick one of three classes: Gunner, Engineer, or Captain. There are a few different tools for each class to pick. Pilots can choose from things like Kerosene to boost the speed of the engines, or a spyglass to look for enemies. Gunners get a variety of ammo choices such as incendiary or charged, and Engineers get several tools with which to bang away at the components and pray (also called repairing). Every class gets to take one of each of the other two's tools, so even as a Gunner you can put out fires with an Engineer's fire extinguisher, and as a Engineer you can use your favorite ammunition. Further, there are tons of customization options should playing dress-up with your avatar be interesting to you.The ships all seem well designed, with each offering different styles of operation. Some are shoot-and-scoot harassers, some are slow, lumbering behemoths capable of pouring fire in nearly every direction. On top of that, each captain chooses their own weapon loadout - offering significant variety for everyone onboard. The Pyramidion, for example, has two forward facing mounts and two on the left side - but none on the right or towards the rear. So it makes for a great chaser, and can in some case bring three weapons to bear on a single target, but it has no offerings should it be flanked on the right. Then there's the Galleon, with mounts underneath the main deck, two left and two right - but none to the front - making her a dedicated broadside machine.There are several mission types available, from defending your base to attacking the enemies', infiltrating points, escorting a VIP, and so on. I have played them all and while I enjoy the Assault mode the best so far, they are all fun and offer regularly tense battles. And that is from a newbie who stays on normal or hard... There is a solo play mode, where your ship is crewed by AI, but I found that to be immediately dry - it removes the teamwork aspect from a game that sells itself based on the appeal of teamwork.The Faction system adds depth to what might have been a little more dull to some by giving a purpose to all those AI you are shooting out of the sky. Every match, whether a loss or a victory, contributes points towards attacking or defending a territory of your choice. Do you want to work with your faction and all target the same spot for quick points building while leaving everything else hanging? Spread the points out to help reinforce what you can? Up to you, but all your battles have meaning on a grander scale. Every territory offers precious resources and should be considered tactically: what will result in a your faction being spread too thin? What gives you a good defensive line?By the way,join the Mercantile Guild.Or watch as we burn your faction's lands down around you - your call. :)I haven't had any bugs or issues so far, but it is worth noting that the game locks itself to 60FPS with or without v-sync on, so if you rock a 144hz monitor or similar this won't take advantage of that. It requires an Internet connection to play at all. It has a few performance issues when things get truly going, but never drops below 30FPS on an i7 4790K, 32GB of DDR3 RAM, and a GTX1080. It is running off an SSD. All this is small fries to me, but may be important to some.Also, I understand some people are unhappy that it costs extra but even I knew that they were always planning to charge extra for the (in 2014) then-titled ""Adventure"" mode, and I wasn't a big follower of the games. I don't mind though, people seem to forget that the developers need to pay their bills too. And I don't think the asking price is anything more than fair. But I wasn't a Kickstarter backer or anything - so I can't speak for those people.I wholly recommend this if you enjoy the idea of manning the last functional gatling gun on your ship, desperately trying to nail the jerk who's lit your ballon and hull on fire while your captain yells for the engineers to repair what they are already frantically beating at with hammers and tries to juke out of their turret's angle of fire - only to hit a mountain at full speed and explode the ship while the Engineers sing that awful Celine Dion song from the Titanic. You know the one.Overall, I bought 3 copies of this after playing it for a few hours, so that my wife and brother could join me in the co-operative goodness. And it was worth it. Fantastic title.This was supposed to be short little review, but if you actually read all this tripe I'll email you a cookie or something. Man,I can ramble."
76561197980086552,Recommended,608800,32352190,Posted: 11 June,all,amYGDala,"Tremendously enjoyable waste of time if you enjoy games that require teamwork.  A very good value with a development team that is sincerely invested in providing a great player experience.Relatively easy to begin as member of crew.  But it takes considerable time and effort to master the various weapons. roles, and ships.Number of players online varies based on time of day and day of week.  Most are easy going and supportive of new players.Certainly worth the investment considering all the hours of fun it has given me."
76561198042161491,Not Recommended,608800,32304170,Posted: 9 June,all,glyphgryph,"Sad to rate this thumbs down, but... Alliance doesn't really offer anything of particular value over the base game, despite being four times the price. It's a Facebook game strapped on top of boring, repetiving PvE ""scenarios"" where you can grind experience and goal to unlock lackluster a handful of ships and weapons you can use to grind experience and gold.For 20 dollars, I'd have expected an actual *campaign* mode of some sort - like the promotional materials offered, traveling from place to place, building and upgrading your ship, doing missions. This doesn't really have any of that. It's got a ""factions map"" where you juggle numbers around for no particular reason towards no particular end.Worse, it seems to have doubled down on the cosmetic item prices. When it was a cheap PvE game that was fine, but it means the sort of stuff you might want to play the PvE mode for will remain locked behind that paywall.Overall a frustrating and disappointing experience. It took a great PvE game and added a way for you to grind against bots for absolutely no purpose."
76561197993293102,Recommended,608800,32843098,Posted: 26 June,all,Rambu,"4 teammates, frantically putting out fires, setting fire to other ships, and ramming the hell out of each other -- in flight!  This is a well executed game that is simple to pick up, but has enough depth to the combat that it makes it fun.  Much better than I was expecting."
76561197998281103,Recommended,608800,30867454,Posted: 31 March,all,FEARTTX,"tl;drI don't regret trying to get back into it. Worth the time and monies.So the way to log hours for this at the current status is a little wonky, since it runs off the base game. However I gotta say that after a bit of time playing, making a few friends, talking to a couple of devs on the ingame chat... It's a really nice game! For the price you get a fair bit out of it, especially for new players the majority of the community is welcoming and willing to help.Every game I've played has been enjoyable one way or another, sure some frustrations with players but that's to be expected and I can't blame the game or development for this, it comes down to communication, positivity and trying to be the best you can be while having a good bout of fun. Nobody should expect AAA quality in every spot but then again; plenty of ""AAA"" games really haven't been living up to that.Definitely recommend to friends if you have fun playing it, help the game, get the player base up because it definitely deserves some good recognition!"
,Not Recommended,608800,30886140,Posted: 1 April,all,sweet hot night,boring. spent 4 years making a flimsy co-op add on to the base game rather than keeping the base up to date
,Recommended,608800,31693474,Posted: 11 May,all,Kyrottimus,"Fun game, especially with friends.  +1 for Linux client too!"
,Recommended,608800,31003695,Posted: 7 April,all,Mr_Twister,"Guns of Icarus Alliance (GOIA) is like a new PvE expansion for Guns of Icarus Online (GOIO).  Except they released it as a seperate game, but integrated GOIO, to avoid splitting the playerbase.  So if you buy GOIA, it will include both the PvE and PvP elements.  If you already have GOIO, you get a discount for GOIA.GOIO was a PvP 3D airship combat game between two teams.  Always 4 players on a ship, but each team could have 1-4 ships.  So a battle could have 16v16 players.  You walk around an airship like you walk around in an FPS-game.  Except here you have no weapons to shoot, just your tools to crew the ship.  There are 3 roles : pilot, gunner and engineer.  In theory every role can perform any task on the ship, but obviously a gunner is better at shooting and an engineer at reparing things.In GOIA, you can play various co-op missions against an AI director : together with friends, with random people, or even with bots.  It also includes new maps, new ships, new guns.  You can join a faction, and unlock ships and weapons from that faction.  Factions compete for territory and resources on a world map.  Gameplay is very team-based, voice chat is almost a must on harder difficulties to coordinate.GOIO was fun, but GOIA makes it a lot better.   I believe it's also easier to pick up for new players, going through the tutorials and then playing missions against AI's of increasing difficulty.  That was one of the issues in GOIO, beginners ending up in battle against veteran players were having a hard time, and probably not sticking to it.A warm recommendation if you are looking for a game to enjoy with a couple of friends."
76561198132665453,Recommended,608800,30931003,Posted: 3 April,all,spyglass6000,The best fun I have had in a long time.There is also as far as I have seen a really good and freindly playerbase.I would highly recomend to fellow Steampunks
,Recommended,608800,31245497,Posted: 19 April,all,Ankoran,"Flight of Icarus was about a suicidal airship pilot named Gabriel in a dystopian steampunk world. Which was ravaged by plagues, wars and greed of humanity. Then came the Guns of Icarus Online, which was about airship pilots following the footsteps of the protagonist of first game. It was a PvP game and an interesting comcept in its own right. But wasn't advertised too much and known to a small, loyal player-base only.Then a wild creative idea appeared: A PvE extension! It was a welcome addition for the existing players and also a valid reason to return for me (I'm not a hardcore PvP player).GoI Alliance, simply puts you on an airship, gives you a wrench and few other things (varies) and wants you to keep that airship afloat and destroying AI controlled airships at the same time.One of the four players aboard becomes a pilot, who -apparently- pilots the thing. Rest of the crew picks one of the two roles: gunner or engineer. Gunners operate the guns and destroy other things. Engineers repair & maintain everything and keep the giant scrap of metal afloat for others to continue doing their jobs.Interesting teamwork game for anyone that likes fast paced action. You should try... yes you."
,Recommended,608800,31049292,Posted: 9 April,all,SnowDrakE,"Alliance is one of the more anticipated games I personally had been waiting for, since I loved the base game for a long time. It has taken quite long to release and I had almost given up hope to be honest but it's finally out and it's good.This review is mostly for owners of Guns Of Icarus who are debating whether they should buy this or not... honestly it depends if you enjoy playing GoI. The concept and the community behind GoI is great... the thing that was missing the most was some kind of goal to work towards in my opinion. This has been fixed with Alliance. You have Co-op missions (which can be downright unfair and hard if you don't know what you're doing) and you have a large worldmap full of territories you can conquer for your faction. Bonus here is that one of the things that were a little bit offputting for new players was sitting in lobbies, waiting for people to slowly flow in and then possibly get stomped by experienced players... this is elegantly solved by being able to do missions at your own pace and gather proper experience with the ships and weapons you'll be handling.Speaking of Factions, there are 4 of them and each one will eventually grant you access to a new weapon and also a new ship. There is more purpose, more motivation, more things to fight for... and it's done well. But at the end it's like Guns Of Icarus.If you did not enjoy GoI, chances are Alliance will not make you like it. If you really like GoI and you were simply looking for an excuse to play again, by all means, grab it and hop on in.One and a half thumbs up."
,Recommended,608800,30937845,Posted: 4 April,all,Lithium the Flux,"after a decent number of hours i feel confident i can review this now.TLDR: it's good!  A lot of the issues that drove me away from pvp: stacked lobbies, 30+ minute wait times; I've experienced none of these issues with this new PvE expansion.The gameplay is awesome.  fighting hordes of airships and planes is exhilerating and exactly what i was looking for with this expansion.  there are four difficulties that are curved wonderfully.ignoring their actual names, they come down to:""for new players"" gameplay""casual"" gameplay""challenging"" gameplay""I have 500+ hours in this game"" gameplayit works well, and finally having a server browser in this game has improved the overall experience dramatically.  They've made very good UI improvements, in particular to the menus.  I used to find them frustrating, now they are very workable.Edit:  the factions have really started taking shape now.  Idk, though.  I'm still on the fence.  in concept, it's awesome.  it gives you a sense of purpose and drive to try and win fights for your faction.  on the flip side, it's so fragile.  if your leaders arent active, you're at a major disadvantage in territory control.  they change weekly, so this shouldn't be a huge issue, but i felt it was worth mentioning my oppinion on that.On a technical note: missions.  while i like that they are trying to encourage factions to take risks to achieve goals, these are very unbalanced.  Most missions are just defend x number of times successfully, or gain these resources in such and such a time frame.  thats fine, and the rewards are not overpowering the rest of the system.  But some of the missions are flat out insane.  requiring conquest of several territories to complete.  now this too, would be ok, except every faction does not have such a challenging mission.  they seem to be distruted randomly (from what i can tell), and mostly they are quite easy.  but i really dont like that one or two factions will just get hosed every week on one of their missions.  Every faction should have a set of similarly difficult weekly missions.In my personal oppinion, i think it could be very intriguing if some way to initiate pvp challenges between factions could come into play.  Maybe only a leader could issue or accept a challenge, and they would have to assemble a team from faction members.  essentially wagering a territory.  although perhaps not a flat, ""if we win we get this territory"", but rather, a situation where you would just get a massive War Effort bonus at the ""wagered"" territory.  Just a thought.  Would make the pve factions that much more immersive.  plus, i think it would discourage players from hot-swapping factions.Regardless, i only have minor complaints.  i guess factions still seems a tad underwhelming to me, but the gameplay is excellent, and they've made large improvements to the game overall.  I'm enjoying the heck out of this, and i highly recommend it."
76561198261035580,Recommended,608800,33106302,Posted: 1 July,all,BrojaN Trojan,"This game has an amazing community. I usually stay away from online multiplayer games, but this game is an exception to that usual rule for me. The gameplay itself it's good too. There are balance systems imbedded in the game play to keep things fair and fun."
,Recommended,608800,34656706,Posted: 1 September,all,dpf1110,"This dlc basically added faction roleplay mode.While I dont like it when you are taking rp too serious, this update feels like they hired a Chef to determine the exact amount of rp spicing, they can put in. You have an individual choice of faction (which can be changed later) with which you will fight for territories on the dynamic map. The faction leaders are chosen in short intervalls, whcih means its easy to be a leader if you do a lot  for your faction. Since the leaders are elected by their contribution to the faction, you can expect the leaders to be A. The Achievement hunters B. Really good players or C. People that take the faction ( and rp) serious enough that they want to be a faction leader  all the time. As a faction leader it is advised to discuss battle strategies with your fellow leaders, but conversations between leaders can be about literally anything. Don´t belive me? Alright then, let me give you an example of the most funny thing I have seen long time faction leaders do a (semi) serious conversation about:AN ARMY.....OF TALKING TOASTERS WITH WEAPON KNOWLEDGE, manufactured by a small group of mercenaries from all the different factions, so the plans dont get into enemy hands ( I know there is sometimes a shortage of gunners but wtf)Sometimes I fell like this is Politics in a nutshell.So there you have it: you basically have a pve mode with more ships, more guns, abilities and Politics.would I recommend you buying this?MOST DEFINITELY!!!!  It can be boring every now and then when there  are not much players online, but spend one evening with a group of 15 total strangers that ( in the game context) are your comrades , that treat you like you are their friend and you will know why I love this game!"
,Recommended,608800,31909204,Posted: 22 May,all,Soggy Horsefly,"Though this game could feel like busy work for a lot of people, particularly if you play engineer, I found it to be very enjoyable.    What it lacks in content it makes up for in fast paced and incredibly tense and manic cooperative gameplay that always keeps you on your toes.   That's not to say the game does not have a good deal of content, just that the PVP from the original game was better, and the expansion really only offered PVE and a few new ships.    The game could benefit from more ships, more customization, a few more features and maps, but if they update it a bit more, it'd go from being really good to absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,608800,30941549,Posted: 4 April,all,citizendog,"The PvE faction gamemode is fun, the community is growing again, and I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,608800,31046977,Posted: 9 April,all,EQOAnostalgia,"Below i have prepared a comprehensive video review that i spent MANY hours on that goes into great detail, if you're so inclined to view it.I'm going to treat this review as if you never played Guns of Icarus a day in your life! I will be covering the original content (PvP) and the recently released Alliance DLC. A TL;DR will be at the bottom just above the video link.Graphics: Decent for a game that released in October of 2012. Guns of Icarus holds its own, i'm uncertain if they made adjustments to the games graphics with Alliance since i haven't played in many months prior to Alliance but it does appear so. It could be the increase in map and ship variation. But particle effects are rather impressive. The fog and smoke look really nice. The lighting is quite good as well. I like the character models and customization options but the optional film grain effect is something most people seem to turn off (i personally enjoy the effect) The game oozes atmosphere, has great weather effects and the steampunk setting invokes feelings of nostalgia for me as a Final Fantasy VII fan. But most textures, especially enviroments look quite flat and aged.Sound: Outstanding! Everything from the gunfire to the clanking and clicking of tools fixing broken ship components sound great. The music has the right tone and pacing to keep you engaged throughout. There isn't much to say about the sound other than it's pretty much perfect.Controls: Solid, i haven't messed with the controller. It does say only partial support on the store page, but i have a feeling that's not quite accurate and controllers most likely work just fine. Keyboard and mouse function as you would expect. Moving around on the ship can take a tiny bit of getting used to as things feel slightly floaty at first. Many a greenhorn hath fallen to the crushing wastes below! YE BE WARNED! Gunning works great with realistic drop and accounting for both ships headings. Controlling the ship as the pilot is a breeze for the most part, but it's always good to have a crew who communicates with their pilot, those sails aren't transparent... talk to me people!Performance: Very smooth sailing. I occasionally see some FPS dips when the particles really fly and the smoke/fog are thick. But i play on max settings with a GTX960, an AMD 4ghz 8 core processor and 32gb or ram. Most anyone can run this on anything short of a potato on low-mid settings.Gameplay: I'll break this down into two parts PvP and PvE.PvP: There are a few different game modes, standard deathmatch, A king of the hill mode and Crazy King which is a variant of King of the hill with alternating control points. Mostly you're going to be blasting holes in ships! You can do this with a wide variety of guns, ammo and ships to fit them on though the new Alliance PvE ships and weapons appear to not be in the game just yet until further testing. Essentially it boils down to a lot of fun, a lot of cooperation between you and your team and hopefully a spot of tea or two!PvE: This is the exciting bit, more maps, more ships, more guns, more everything! There are 5 different modes, defense, assault, search and destroy, intercept and infiltration. With a total of 4 different difficulties ranging from normal to hell. Hell is quite a challenge even for veterans iv'e heard. I don't have the balls to try it yet, don't judge me! When you first load up alliance you will be asked to join one of four alliances. Each have their own unique gearset you can unlock, but other than that it's mostly just to give people an enemy to fight and a flag to fly!There is a map with which you can choose to deploy your efforts, you can contribute gold to petition for reinforcements or bolster your defenses. At the end of the battle the winning team will gain resources. Once the is war won, the hero's of that battle will go on leaderboards, and the history of the battle will make its way into the lore of the game! I must admit i do wish there was more to faction wars, perhaps a nice aesthetic item for the winning side, but the devs are open to suggestions and trust me, iv'e suggested it! There is a leadership mechanic where players who contribute the most have a chance to toss their hat in the ring as a leader. Being a leader allows you to instruct others where to deploy, i'm uncertain what or if any other abilities apply to the role yet, but nevertheless it's incentive to play and keep coming back.TL;DR: This is a jolly good time m8! With devs who care, are active on forums IN GAME and host events, and have done so for 5 years! If you like ship to ship combat, if you like co-op, then this is a safe and worthwhile purchase! Now tally ho and all that!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrGAzQVkwis"
,Recommended,608800,31494976,Posted: 1 May,all,Kelderan,"A very good time with some surprising depth of system. Especially fun if you can muster up 3+ human friends to play with. There are enough game modes and ship configurations to keep the game feeling fresh. The meta game of world and factions makes your PvE games hold some weight, which is extra incentive to get in just one more game."
76561198014743176,Recommended,608800,30997101,Posted: 7 April,all,[⏅]Toxophilus,"Guns of Icarus Online was a fantastic, thorough first start.  I played some 500+ games of it, and sunk 250 or so hours into it.  What kept me was the fantastic, helpful, kind community.  Everyone who was playing it near the release of Alliance, was there because the *loved* the game, myself included.The devs are constantly engaged with the community.  Matter of fact, I played several games with two of them just last night, and there are always Devs, Mods, or Community Ambassadors (CA's) online to answer questions, engage new and old players, set up games and competitions, and generally have a good time.The game itself is like no other game I've ever played, or that is coming out.  It's a fully three dimensional ship based, teamwork oriented experience, where communication between fellow shipmates and other captains is life and death.  A well coordinated team will win over a silent team nearly 100% of the time.New to the game?  Open up.  Talk to your crew, your team. Listen to other players suggestions, don't be afraid of playing a role you're not used to (pilot for me).  And most importantly, have fun. The purpose of this game is to build community, foster friendly rivalries, and create new friendships.  All the while blowing up steampunk blimps with guns.10/10, would buy two more copies of Alliance for full price again."
,Recommended,608800,31201772,Posted: 17 April,all,High,"This is an insanley well made game. I've only played for 6 hrs (at the time of the review) and I love it to pieces. Everything is flawless. The people in the lobbies are very nice to me, and you never need to worry about to long of wait times, because you can browse any tab in the menu while you wait to join a lobby, or while the lobby waits to start. I was lucky enough to find a dude with hundreds of hours in a co-op game, and he tought me all about the faction system.Heres the basics of the faction system, because it is a little wacky tacky, and I don't want it to ruin the gorgeus game for anyone:There are four factions, they fight to qounqer territories, but not in real battles. You play a game, and the points you win go to whichever war effort you signed up for. If a faction conqers those lands, it gets those resources.Leveling up for a faction can get you faction specific guns abilities ranks, and at approxamatley level seven, a very powerfull faction ship.I really hope that helped.I definitley reccomend this game, and would've payed 40 bucks for it, and had no regrets.There are some cons though, but they are few:1. The game runs an excelent frame rate, but for some reason, it just ♥♥♥♥♥ chrome out.2. It is a little complicated with the faction systemTHATS ALL THE CONSI would deffinitley reccomend researching factions before you decide, I mean you can change factions, but it takes away reputation points, which i think you use to level up and get the faction items."
,Recommended,608800,31108779,Posted: 12 April,all,Object,"I played GOIOnline a long time ago and was sold on the idea of adventure mode (Alliance), I enjoyed the core gameplay of GOIO but the pvp got repetitive.  As I've grown older I find my desire to pvp has faded while the strategy elements of Alliance combined with the pve boss battles really fits what I'm looking for atm.This game has the potential to be very addicting, and what's crazy is they bundle both games into one...it's like basically buying the original game plus a huge DLC in a bundle.  I can only wish there was some way to combine the two games even further by making the pvp affect the pve campaign.I seen very good things for the future of this game when I first purchased it and I am still satisfied with what it's turned out to be now that it's finally out."
,Recommended,608800,32102261,Posted: 1 June,all,Drakkar,"Alliance is an improved and expanded version of Guns of Icarus containing both the base game and the expansion the release is named after.I've been playing Alliance since long before the Alpha went temporarily public (so I've been at it for about a year now). I'm quite happy with how well the release turned out as far as content is concerned. So, while it's not the open-world RPG-like experience many of us were expecting when the kickstarter took place, Alliance's co-op sets a good pathway for a greater future in the life of Guns of Icarus. It's a step in the right direction, and I'm excited to think of what might be achieved in the future, hoping towards the fulfillment of the dreams had when ""Adventure Mode"" was first conceived.All in all, solid gameplay. It may get repetitive here and there but I like it that way. Interactions between factions get pretty cheesy at times, specially when some of us start getting into our characters and go full lore junkie on others. It's great casual fun and it feels great."
76561198013775171,Recommended,608800,33207352,Posted: 3 July,all,Zoku Runo,"This game is good, i dunno why no one plays more of this, its a steampunk cooperative/versus game with airships, each ship has 4 people to man it, a captain is the first role and decide what happens and what airship to bring, they also pilot the airships, the other three are either engineers or gunners, they are self explained, engineers fix things and gunners man the guns, its good clean fun and it feels great when you all work as a team."
,Recommended,608800,31382781,Posted: 26 April,all,Altec,"A fun PvE addition for the PvP Guns of Icarus Online.  The expansion brings new ships, new guns, a new territory-based conquest, and new strategies.  Worth the buy."
76561198100213120,Recommended,608800,31345315,Posted: 24 April,all,Sycophant,Absolutely amazing game. Requires immense teamwork to be succesful. If you wish to venture off of the normal difficulty the learning curve becomes rather steep but rewarding.
,Recommended,608800,30952481,Posted: 4 April,all,Ray,"Ever want to be a sky pirate.Well find a crew and fly, fight, and fix the damn hull.This PVE Expansion for Guns of Icarus is straght forward, Pick a faction, find a crew, and play.But if you want to test your mettle fly the daring skys in the PVP and get your ♥♥♥ handed to you for not listen to other, learn your lesson and try again. For the community will help and do what they can to make you the best you can at this rough and tumble little game."
76561198362477846,Recommended,608800,30990942,Posted: 6 April,all,daftloon,"You can shoot planes out of the air with a flamethrower, where else can you do that?"
,Recommended,608800,33268639,Posted: 5 July,all,SquidNeko,Love the game when you are playing with friends.
76561198168690500,Recommended,608800,31452196,Posted: 29 April,all,Gnashing Goat,Guns of Icarus Alliance is a good multiplayer only game with both pvp and pve airship combat.  Either mode requires you to work with a team on an airship and is best played with a mic as good communication is key.  It's a great game for a bunch of friends who enjoy coop games.
,Recommended,608800,30937467,Posted: 4 April,all,Dan,"Quite a nice game, haven't had time to unlock new content yet but the PvE gameplay is quite nice. The qeueing has also been improved for PvE, needing less players to start a game, which is nice. For the Order of Chaladon!"
76561198090837353,Recommended,608800,30950585,Posted: 4 April,all,Wolffs,Steam needs more steampunk games
76561198055663093,Recommended,608800,31469729,Posted: 30 April,all,Gath,"You looking trough reviews if you will buy this game or not?- do you love steampunk?- have some friends to play with?- love action and some really pumped up moments when you dont know what will be in next second?-get this game, get a crew.. be a captain / gunner or engineer... or what the hell do you want...i could write here what i am love at this game, but the good thing is.... that its too much things , so i am lazy to write this review---..JUST PLAY THIS GAME... you will seeand the community? haha best people you can meet in the air and the best people you can die with them ingame for your imaginary republic. :D (you can choose from start.. you know, your fraction)big guns, big ships, small fast ships, big tanky ships....come on dude, there is tons of emty air without you.I still dont see your fat armerd ship up there...-sorry for my czechglish,See you ingame LADS"
,Recommended,608800,30940776,Posted: 4 April,all,AlexTheNinja007,The PvE combat isn’t a perfect substitute for the enjoyment I have had with PvP combat. Given that just being able to get on with friends anytime is great and the whole factions fighting twist works wells and make you want to get out on your Pyramidion even more and play for hours. The soundtrack is just as good as the previous one and I plan to get the soundtrack having heard it in-game. This is a great refresher for old players of Guns Of Icarus Online like myself back in 2012.
76561198077718531,Recommended,608800,31106165,Posted: 12 April,all,Red,"what is the game:PvE expansion to ""guns of icarus online."" guns of icarus is an online team based airship combat simulator. you pick from 3 classes pilot, gunner, or engineer. each ship carries 4 crew typically 1 pilot 1 gunner 2 engineers. pilot spends almost all his time flying except on a select few ships where he can sometimes shoot or repair one item. gunner spends most time shooting and fixing the guns he shoots, tho helping engineers repair is not uncommon. engineers spend most of their time running around the ship repairing everything, and depending on the ship shooting as well.the ""alliance"" expansion to ""guns of icarus online"" creates a less competative varient of guns of icarus that is more noob friendly. at the same time the expansion adds unlockable pve ships and guns (test ships/guns that will eventually be balanced and thrown into pvp). the alliance mode is not just for new players dificullty settings, it allows for older players to have a challenge as well.""guns of icarus alliance"" also adds a faction war system to the game where multable factions fight for control of a risk style map based off decisions made by players in that faction. currently there are 4 factions eventually there will be more.Pros:1. comunity is much more polite in pve (pvp varient some experienced players had zero tolarence for new players)2. grind factor in this game is so low it almost doesnt exzist (only the pve class specails, guns, and ships are unlockables)3. game is 100% skill based minimal grind means all players are on equal footing (minus the games learning curve)4. guns/ weapons are unique to eachother and require various amounts of skill to use (praise hades... best gun IMO)5. pve engineer equipment makes engineering even without shooting more interactive (ship parcore ftw)6. each ship is unique and its weapons are fully customizeable (putting the right weapons on a ship is key to winning)7. team based combat makes game great to play with friends (even noobs are deadly when they are cordinated)Cons:1. current lack of map variety (only one map per PvE gamemode as far as i can tell)2. faction conquest/risk feels vert disconnected from the actual combat in game (just click where you want to help fight)3. lore is awsome but game doesnt do anything to make you feel like your in the world (mostly because lack of maps)4. very high learning curve (this could be a pro or a con depending on who you are)5. occasional toxic people (its a 100% multiplayer game even tho pve is more chill than pvp some people are just toxic)6. forced to fight on blue team in PvE (I HATE BLUE TEAM)7. no RED ship ornament (also i can only paint bloon Red not hull)What i think is missing: (some for current build others i expect would require another expansion)1. to add to map varity and immersion... make climate / background and some models change texture and color to reflect where you are deployed in world map2. virtual lobby / overlay lobby with the town you are deploying from (make it a default shape similar to map variation idea so you can see other shipmates / crew3. ground targets / battles (even in modern warfare people dont just fight in the skies)4. open world to fly in with merchant/pirate style missions with pve and pvp elements (and towns to visit / walk around)5. ability to create your own airship (limited enough that said ships will stay roughly balanced)6. ability to paint ship hull (and Red hull paint)7. more ship ornament (not just a Red one... but i want a RED one)"
76561198082857412,Not Recommended,608800,31765474,Posted: 15 May,all,Train On Ur Mom,"A Guns of Icarus player since 2013  without a single crash I am able to remember. However with Alliace I'm having constant crashes that only take place with the Co-Op/PvE and running out of memory. Some of these crashes have been so narlt that they take steam down along with it.System Specs:- NVIDIAGeForce GTX 970- Intel Core i7- 8.00 GB RAM- 64-Bit Operating SystemOn the bright side the crash reposrts do get created to be sent to the devs, this is a rant on the Engine and the exessive memmory this game uses on high/en PCs. Don't be icouraged from playing Guns of Icarus Online, snd enjoy it in all it's greatnes, but is you got the sme or similsr dtstf thst I do, you will have a hard time running Alliance over extended periods like you can in GOI online without a proble,"
76561198311936122,Recommended,608800,33003718,Posted: 29 June,all,Slenderguy56,"Even though there's not many players playing this game, roughly around a minimum of 150 to around a maximum of 300, I still have a lot of fun paying this game because of the teamwork that goes into this game keeping the ship alive and communicating with your teammates. The only thing the devs should work on is trying to advertise this game more often since I've only heard about it on Steam, if they advertise it more maybe more people would play it.Overall, I would give this game a 8.9/10Sincerely, Slenderguy56."
,Recommended,608800,33446365,Posted: 10 July,all,Jew BBQ1942,"This game is awesome, but I have only gotten to play it like twice because there's never enough players online to fill a full lobby. I literally threw my money away and got an unplayable game because it's only me and like 7 other people playing it apparently. The game itself is amazing and I really wish more people bought and played it but I have to say that right now it's not worth the money because you wont get to actually play it ever."
,Recommended,608800,33010636,Posted: 29 June,all,face,As a first time player. This game has a lot of stuff. After 6 hours Im getting the hook on it and loving it.
,Recommended,608800,30929556,Posted: 3 April,all,◄KING ✠ JO►,WHY MUSE WHYYYY?Why did you have to publish the game during my A-Level Exams????10/10 Would play Alliance instead of learning again.
76561197980352806,Recommended,608800,32676043,Posted: 23 June,all,Sterbehilfe e.V.,Great game without endBest support I knowThanks to:Mikko (Ayetach)Community Management and Support
,Recommended,608800,30934561,Posted: 3 April,all,Ĝ҉Ǻ ҉YcẾ҉E  ҉_CowboY,Gives me flashbacks of when I use to take road trip's to Florida with me mum. (Y)
,Recommended,608800,30885848,Posted: 1 April,all,Solidusbucket,"Quick note: some of us are experiencing an error which does not correctly log our hours for Alliance. The work around is to open Guns of Icarus: Online, then alt-tab and open Guns of Icarus: Alliance. An error will pop-up. Keep the error open. I have 2000 hours in the PVP mode and probably about 10 in Alliance mode. That said:This is a game unlike any other I have played.  Muse games recently released Alliance in order to create a PVE play mode for their base game: Guns of Icarus: Online. Now, the two meld together to create an experience which caters to the tryhard competitive type, the casual players, and everyone in between.The amount of teamwork this game offers cannot be compared. You simply have to try it out. Ask questions if you have them – it is the friendliest community I have ever been associated with. The action is great, the downtime is slim, and the impact you have as an individual is huge.You are one player of a group of four responsible for keeping an airship running and gunning. You have the opportunity to partner up with other ships of the same crew size to take down the enemy. Captains of these ships must communicate, coordinate, and conquer the battlefield in order to secure victory.There is a grinding mechanic for those that like that type of thing – it is essentially a world map that uses Risk like behavior. It can be fun and immersive but it is not necessary if you just want to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up.The developer to player communication is like none I have ever seen. I just recently talked to a developer LIVE while meandering about the user interface looking at different un-lockable items like costumes and achievements. Furthermore, they do a thing every Friday called a Fireside Chat on their twitch channel:https://www.twitch.tv/gunsoficarusthey talk about the game and answer questions live. It’s a unique experience I have never had before. It feels kind of surreal.Overall, I like Alliance. I am a big fan of the PVP mode and this PVE mode is just as good. I’m glad they made this game and I’m glad I caught it on sale.I understand that my review may be biased. I like this game immensely as I have never played a game that matches the style this offers. I like flight simulators, I like teamwork based games, I like the idea of a leadership role, and I like tactical positioning. I am a huge advocate of PvP for this game on the competitive level. I feel no other game can compare to the amount of coordination it takes to win.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,608800,30945745,Posted: 4 April,all,purrsneakitty.,"Played in Guns of Icarus: 2400h since 2013The most Team-Based game out there, with a Development Team that cares about their female player base.As a female gamer I know that most of us are deeply uncomfortable admitting to be a girl online. It comes with a very rough learning curve, and a lot of harassment either way.Either you are only good at a game because you somehow cheated advantages through the magic of your sex, or god forbid, are bad at something you ""fake geek girl"" and how dare you try something new.I usually played games where I could avoid being identified as a woman, obviously, because video games are still a very hostile environment for a female identified creature.But Guns of Icarus surprised me.It's so team-focused, that people actually LISTEN to each other.What you say has immediate relevance and not reacting to it can be the difference between life and death.Over the last few years Guns of Icarus has attracted a really diverse and amazing player base that is made up of multiple genders that are represented in every lobby and even in the Dev Team itself.Devs like Keyvias, Ayetach, and Josie have made it their legacy to make sure every issue and report is resolved quickly and discretely.No matter what gender you are, don't let the voice-chat scare you from this chance to join this amazing community, and this fantastic game.You are going to make a lot of friends!That's not a promise, that's a threat!And PS. If you are a fellow female gamer, new to this game, feel free to add me and I'll introduce you to the other Girls of Icarus :D*See you in the Skies!"
,Recommended,608800,31191700,Posted: 16 April,all,Talpss177,"Alliance definitely breathes new life into Guns of Icarus, the new ships and guns make the game much more engaging. Along with the Factions and war features it's much more interesting, you actually have an active reason to go out and win matches, whereas before it was just for personal glory and stuff."
76561198120362177,Recommended,608800,33209252,Posted: 3 July,all,Kaiser Chillhelm II,Just an absolutely amazing buy. Friendly devs as well!
,Recommended,608800,30990252,Posted: 6 April,all,Loomster,"This game came out of nowhere but it's awesome! I love the forced team play, and the community is super nice and helpful."
,Recommended,608800,30968530,Posted: 5 April,all,Maleficara,"When I first logged into the game I expected absolutely, nothing.  What I found though is probably the best little game you've never heard of. On top of an engaging and polished game I found the community to be warm, welcoming, and the best resource for game information around. During my first week of playing various captains and crews taught me all about my favored role, Engineer, and what weapons did what, what ammunition did what, and generally how to play the game without snark or contempt.Pick it up, encourage your friends to pick it up, make a crew and hit the skies. It's absolutely fantastic."
76561197988845145,Recommended,608800,30974927,Posted: 6 April,all,Smilin Sloth,Amazing game it has it's glitchs but pro's out weigh the con. As a person that takes a huge look at the community in any game for a decision this one has a great community and dev team. If you got the coin totally worth it if you're into air ship battles
76561197968107996,Recommended,608800,32482871,Posted: 16 June,all,WarPigeon,"Other reviewers complain about a lack of games to join and a horrible playerbase, but honestly I can't say I've had the same experience.  There are always games to join, even during off-hours, and after some 50+ or so games I've only had two people complain in a match (to be fair, they were mostly co-op matches, maybe the pvp matches are worse).The game's strength is in how well it balances first-person action with strategy elements, though I could see that being a con for some, as you really have to be good at both in this game.  The learning curve might be a bit high for people who just want to shoot things, and the action might be a little too fast-paced for those who only care about tactical battles.  For those who like both, however, the game is amazing, and best of all it's wrapped up in a wonderfully detailed steampunk setting.Overall, I've had a great time in the game, and after 30 hours or so I still feel like I'm only scratching the surface of strategies and techniques.  Between the different roles/ships/loadouts there are a lot of possibilities for customizing your playstyle.  There are some problems with the game (obtuse UI, and a lack of an easy way to coordinate with your faction), but the core gameplay is solid and definitely worth the asking price if you are new to the game."
76561198096829168,Recommended,608800,30957365,Posted: 5 April,all,NightSwarm11,"Great job Muse,The PvE side is amazing and fun to play.I still wish there was more maps on the Search & Destroy mode and Defence mode, but I'm sure there will be more in the future.You added in the faction outfits too :DLeveling up isn't too fast or too slow.Over all 10/10 and still getting better :D"
,Recommended,608800,30914404,Posted: 2 April,all,Random_Calrissian,"Got the original GOI game. Freaking Loved it.Steam punk like Air ship battles. So epic.Honestly the Alliance addition is a lot more fun in my opinion. I don't think it could get better but I'm loving the Co-op, faction based gameplay.Playing against AI is honestly waaaaaay more intense than it sounds. I freaking love it.:)"
76561198077793852,Recommended,608800,31108660,Posted: 12 April,all,"☁Lè,mòń☁","Day 1: Chose to join the Anglean Republic because they had cool fur coats.Day 3: I am starting to overheat with this fur coat, maybe because of the constant flames coming from the AI ships (?). Taking it off might be a good idea.Day 4: Starting to freeze, it's quite cold up here in the skies. Regretting using fur coat to patch up the balloon.Day 5: Had a crew member repeatedly shout ""LEEEEROYYYY JENNKINNSSS"", whilst ramming. 10/10 quality meme.Day 7: Activated the tar ability, now lost in my own smoke ;_;. Caring for the environment was overrated anyway, gotta love some carbon dioxide over oxygen.Day 13: Still lost in tar.TL;DR: Had fur coat, lost fur coat, used tar ability, became lost in tar. Iz nais gaem. But yeah, it's a good game. Buy it for the funny moments! c:"
76561198072544273,Recommended,608800,31009218,Posted: 7 April,all,facestabbah,I liked it.
76561198003922696,Recommended,608800,30954728,Posted: 4 April,all,Beans,"I like this game a lot. I put a few dozen hours into the first one, and this one has much of the same content. There are a lot of people complaining that maybe -too- much of the content is the same, but I think it's quite fair to say that enough was added to make the purchase of the game sequel worth it. That said I don't really like how much grinding they added. Particularly, you have to pay to have access to grind for the new content and that's just kind of obnoxious. I also don't like how the store nickel and dimes you for cosmetics in a game that doesn't feel undercosted.Still, it's the best example I can think of of co-op multiplayer PVP. The PVE is kind of dull imo, but the PVP is very solid and I like it a lot. Now if they could just nail down the server issues...Edit: There is now less grinding, and the servers seem to be working great! Totally recommend this game!"
,Recommended,608800,32162678,Posted: 3 June,all,Astraxis,"Picking this up for cheap guarantees a good many hours of fun. The original game was fun while it lasted, and I don't mind paying the pretty penny since Muse hasn't abused the microtransaction system nearly as bad as anyone else. Defninitely worth."
76561198030811923,Recommended,608800,30935330,Posted: 3 April,all,Zoator,An excellent addition to the PvP experience. I love the Co op mode and the relative variety of the maps and missions. The newly added faction aspect of guns of Icarus is a lot of fun and gives some overarching purpose to the countless co op missions as well as pvp battles. Gaining war effort and allocating it to the world map really starts to flesh this world out for me and make me feel like we are shaping this wonderful world as we dogfight in the skies.I have played the original pvp foe years and still come back to it regularly. The player base is small but dedicated and very welcoming of new players. This game scratches an itch I just can't get scratched by many games out there. Find a knowledgeable captain and go blow some stuff up!
,Recommended,608800,32297255,Posted: 9 June,all,Arturia_Tanya,A really good game for playing with friends especially when there are in the same ship/crew.Definitely worth it.
76561197995318720,Recommended,608800,32301448,Posted: 9 June,all,Girondono,Ever wanted to be an airship captain? Shout at your crewmates and burn down your enemys? Well in Guns of Icarus you can do just that which is a ton of fun to be honest!I played this game for quite a few hours now together with my flatmate me being the captain and him being the gunner which is tons of fun! Though i have to say it is more fun together in the same room mostly to being able to look at his screen to help me steer or for the better communication. Everytime I play by myself with a random crew i gotta say its alot harder due to not being able to see alot from the ships helm on most hulls. So hardly advised to play it with friends for the best communication which actually enables to even tackle the higher difficulties in PvE mode!The game in itself is solid and as far as i could see mostly bugfree can't say much about the PvP-part of the game since I didn't try it out myself so far.The game got great potential and with some tweaking and comming patches i can only expect it to gain more depth and fun!
,Recommended,608800,32402527,Posted: 13 June,all,✪ BULLSHIDO,"A few days before getting this game which includes free copy of GOIO, I bought GOIO. I regret that, but sp far I am having much fun in GOIA. Its kind of hard to aim short range with a long range weapon for me, and I do get blamed for that, but other than that, I have fun shooting at ships."
76561198002540828,Recommended,608800,34913574,Posted: 12 September,all,Quasi Z,"My friends and I are having a great time playing this! Lots of laughs, shouting and excitement. The three different roles of pilot, gunner, and engineer offers something for everyone.Definitely recommend you play the tutorials and do some practice before attempting an actual mission. Only negative, one of us had some crashes during play, but switching to the DX9 version seems to have fixed that."
76561198032707250,Not Recommended,608800,32559575,Posted: 19 June,all,Stoerfaktor,"I played GoI for about 155 hrs and when GoI Alliance came out iI was kinda skeptical about it. The way this dlc was promoted didn't sitt well with me. In he End I bought the game due to a low player base in GoI and what can I say the new game does not only not give old players a little thank you it seems like a plan B solution.What do I mean with that?- There are new maps, but most of them are restricted to certain modes- the hitboxes are a little bit off.- The PVE is as boring as can be, with unispired WKII airplaines, freely in your back spawning Blibs and a big varity of missions. Like the one where you have to destroy a few stations, while under enemy fire, or the one where you have to standby in a reach of enemy bases til they self destruct while under enemy fire... you get the point.- The grafics actually look worse than in the original when it comes to verything that is not on a ship- But theree are factions now. There is quite a bit of lore for them if you are interested, but if not, every faction has a new ship and a new weapon. Also they have a never ending war on who wears the most stupid uniform ( I think they are all winners).- Than there is this faction war thing. Honestly I dind't look much into this, but it seems like you can deploy in a war zone , which doesn't mean you actually get to fight there. No, you just do normal missions an get gold for that and a bit of poionts for the deployment zone. The gold you can use in the deployment zones too. If you factions has enough points you win the territory and get a ressource. This thing is, wht's really makes me believe that this wasn't the original plan.- You can play pve with just one ship now (probably interesting for old goi players, but it seems to be a cure and an ilness for the game, due to it's low player count).- also the workshop still isn't a real workshop, its more like steam greenlight for stuff.Can I recoment this game? Yes but not in good conscious.But I will probably give it another chance or two and update this post if I find something interesting ."
,Not Recommended,608800,33095673,Posted: 1 July,all,Rptr04,"TLDR - Save your money and look elsewhere. You won't have an opportunity to play this good game with such a low player base unfortunately. Also, don't support devs that split player bases with DLC and faulty advertising.Bought this thinking it was a sequel or the next in the series of Guns of Icarus. However, turns out it was a DLC for the base game Guns of Icarus Online. The community was already very small for this multiplayer game so splitting it further with this DLC was a horrible move by the developers.Yes, you could knock me down a couple points for not doing more research to determine this was DLC and not a new game to take the series further as a sequel normally would. However, the point here is that splitting the already small number of players even further was a huge mistake. No level of effort on matchmaking have I even been able to get a game where more than 2-3 players joined for a match in which you need 10.I love the concept of crew gameplay where you have different station and need to fight other airships with their own crew. I've gotten some good experiences out of the original game, but sadly it's come to an end because the player base isn't there.There are some single player modes in game where you can play with bots, but the experience is just not the same because the enemy AI is just not a challenge. When raising the difficulty to higher levels the enemy ships just become bullet sponges and do not try more sophistacted tactics or prove a challenge in that realm. They simply do more damage and take more damage. Artificial difficulty with bots does not replace a competitive environment with enemy human players."
76561198054921950,Not Recommended,608800,34901299,Posted: 12 September,all,DP,"this is a game that requires you to co-operate with other people in order to effectively run your airship. co-op isnt the problem here, the co-op is fine and the game is really enjoyable. the guns feel good to shoot, the ships feel good to fly. enviroments provide fun challenges. but the problem is that nobody is playing it. a look on the steam charts shows that its all time peak was 377. in the last 24 hours of writing this the peak was 58 players. the game is fun, works well. but theres nobody playing it. and its a game that you need to play multiplayer. especially with the pve. i'd reccomend this game if it has a player base, i'd still say its good. but i cant reccomend it because of how dead the online seems to be. if you and some friends want to try this game out then go for it, but if you're not getting it with friends you probably wont be able to find a game to play in. so if you're  thinking of playing with strangers i cant reccomend spending your money on it. i played online a bunch and the data from online transfers over. but because i wasnt able to find anyone online i couldnt even tell you about the new things that were added.tl:dr dont buy this game if you're playing by yourself. the community just isnt there to make it playable"
,Recommended,608800,33295643,Posted: 5 July,all,Felixoli888,Great game
76561198076647890,Recommended,608800,30947643,Posted: 4 April,all,TheFearOne,"The gmae is extremely good and so is the players and the devs; The devs literally answer quiestions when they have free time that is a really nice thing to do in my book and also this game can make you some extremely good friends. Sooo yeah this game is one of the best multiplayer games that i ever got and play; it is worth the money and the wait, I recommend this game as much as I can. Have fun!"
76561198153823595,Recommended,608800,33825360,Posted: 26 July,all,EpsilonGinger,Sweet game! Tons of fun.
,Recommended,608800,30947539,Posted: 4 April,all,ConspiracyPart,Guns of Icarus is a game in which teamwork isn't just a word
76561198106169266,Recommended,608800,34262066,Posted: 15 August,all,idkutellme | trade.tf,"What can I say.It's a fun game (worth the price), but has a lack of continent and a somewhat dead community."
,Not Recommended,608800,30909412,Posted: 2 April,all,Guagadu,"The only positive from this DLC is the factions system and war. The PvE modes are absolutely boring to me, so I recommend against upgrading, unless you are one of the few people who the PvE modes interest more than the PvP modes."
76561198244221132,Recommended,608800,34946516,Posted: 14 September,all,Captian Macho Man,"Multiplayer battles in the air, being shot at and taking down others, with the steampunk aspect of the game, all makes this game greatReally fun game to play, especially with friends"
76561197971048574,Not Recommended,608800,32056285,Posted: 29 May,all,Killforfood2,"quite frankly this suffered from the toxic community of the pvp base the second it launched into PvE.Decided to give it a try, joined a game in progress with 2 eng so i went gunner.Immediately berated for choosing a gunner and not eng.Ok... my mistake? cant change now...Gun caught on fire. Asked for an extinguish.Berated for getting off my gun. What?Next gameSame situation, i think i guess pve is all eng mode so i go in eng.berated for not choosing gunner, what kind of noob am I?we're getting hammered i ask for help bringing the hull and baloon back up.captain says i should be able to handle that myselfberated when we get shot down cause nobody there to help.♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME AND ITS TOXIC COMMUNITY"
76561198013918139,Not Recommended,608800,30934901,Posted: 3 April,all,UnquietEmu,"""Guns of Icarus Alliance is the ultimate Co-Op game for PvE and PvP airship combat!"" I feel like this is a bit of a lie, the PvP airship combat has little to do with Gun of Icarus Alliance, an I'm not sure it addd anything to PvP. This really isn't standalone game, just a DLC, and should be advertised as such.EDIT: I thought it brought more to PVP ,and at the moment it doesn't, but Muse has said that they will."" We are testing more PvE ships and guns now to bring over to PvP. PvP only players can join factions and help faction with territorial conquest (although there's a bug right now with coin spending that we're fixing asap). This month, we're creating night combat with new night maps, and they will be in both. So while we created the Alliance experience, if someone just wants to play GoIO, he/she is supported.""If you're intrested in the coop then I would check it out. It just isnt for me"
76561197971884386,Recommended,608800,30912698,Posted: 2 April,all,Vormulac,"Takes what was great about Guns of Icarus Online and adds PVE/COOP to the mix.  There's even a quasi Risk like faction war.  Great if you have three friends to run a ship with, and if not that's ok because the community is welcoming and friendly.  Just say ""I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I'M DOING"" and they'll help you out and explain mechanics."
76561198011395837,Recommended,608800,32169801,Posted: 4 June,all,Groartug,This is such a good game. A great concept and well executed. More people should play this game!
,Recommended,608800,30917782,Posted: 3 April,all,Danakin,This is exactly what original Guns of Icarus needed.Lots of action. Lots of fun.
76561198153078635,Recommended,608800,30955631,Posted: 4 April,all,Rin Tohsaka X Tang-San,amazing game and loving the factions!
,Recommended,608800,30955123,Posted: 4 April,all,Tal'Set,Absolutely wonderful. PvE was a great addition.
,Recommended,608800,30915467,Posted: 2 April,all,Ithaldir,"Put the game on Hell mode and have fun being swarmed by a fleet of 20-30 AI ships, all of which are nearly as powerful as you are. If they are too dumb to kill you in seconds they'll just hump you into oblivion!10/10 Would be murdered again!"
,Recommended,608800,35407571,Posted: 2 October,all,sapilCÃO,really cool
,Not Recommended,608800,34969863,Posted: 15 September,all,Ragnablade,"No players, no fast combat (only manual), no fun in PVE, no reason to play. Sorry Icarus... Great friendly community can't help u be fun game. Returned funds."
76561198036360505,Not Recommended,608800,31366443,Posted: 25 April,all,Soleater,"I would love to reccomend this game, but I cannot. The game doesn't live up to the hype, and the playerbase is to small."
76561198046675266,Recommended,608800,32455764,Posted: 15 June,all,Dustin,"So it's a seperate game, but a built-in-expansion?Confusing as f*ck, but good non-the-less.7/10"
76561198111252918,Recommended,608800,32700034,Posted: 23 June,all,A Person.,This is a great game! I can play it with my friends and others!8/10
76561197970508370,Recommended,608800,30906280,Posted: 2 April,all,OkO,Best game ever !!! Awesome
76561197973112890,Not Recommended,608800,33594357,Posted: 16 July,all,BlackSun,"The last time I had this much trouble with a game demanding all sorts of ID before I could even play the campaign was Blizzard♥♥♥♥♥♥and I never bought from them again, but at least when I sent an IRL ID I could play it,Downs, so much downThis game is completely unplayable for me. retry in 5 sec after every single attempted action, the verification code to my account never even showed up in the spam folder, try another time out and retry connection etc,To be honest I don't even really know what this game is like. It feels more like a gimmick or dealing with an annoying phone tree than a real thing meant to help and entertain you, speaking of which, what freaking help?I really wanted not to but on those grounds alone downrated until the devs fix their s&%#And had I known this was online exclusive I never would have bought it during the sale"
76561198017570601,Not Recommended,608800,32170163,Posted: 4 June,all,Fap Tissue,"Games died, no nore than 2 dozen people online at any given time, and rhe majority of those are autistic. Back in the old days it was a good game but sadly its just terrible now."
,Not Recommended,608800,30949311,Posted: 4 April,all,║404║GTR║Xerati║,28.6 Mb of new content if you have the regular guns of icarus installed.
76561198027007714,Not Recommended,608800,31032655,Posted: 8 April,all,El Lobo De Miel,"Same game as GOI online, it even redownloads the old game. Its marketed as a new game but its a glorified expansion pack for a dead game. I was really excited and hoped to play this again but i couldnt even get in a match because this game is so old."
,Not Recommended,608800,33300698,Posted: 5 July,all,Farrapo,"It is truly a shame, but I don't recommend this game to no one. Despite the fact that Muse Games had a very cleaver idea when they thought of creating a steampunk-ish scenario, (there aren't many steam punks pvp/co-op flight simulators around) I feel like the lack of company experience and poor implementation prevailed. There are quite a few downsides to the game that are sure to make your gameplay the worst possible. I won't even cover the discussion about Guns of Icarus Alliance being charged as a separate game when it was actually promised as what Guns of Icarus Online should be after being developed.- Despite the advertising of having a growing community, Guns of Icarus Alliance doesn't. This makes the matchmaking proccess a lot longer than it should. You can easily wait for 20 minutes to get your room set-up with all players and have your game last just as much as you waited for. Muse even presented a way out for this, creating single player missions, but they just feel like a band-aid to a much bigger problem.- Character costumization isn't that great. Since there are few achievments for each class, you basically get different clothes based on your level, meaning that every level 20 will have the same possibilities, except for the color you use to dye your outfits (or if you pay good coin to get exclusive content).- Poor controller compatibility. I've played the game for almost two years now and virtually no updates were focused on improving the experience for players that use controllers. Not only you cannot have access to each action on your controller, but there are also a lot of buttons that don't do anything, which just makes it look like they just focused elsewhere.Lastly (and also the main reason I'm writing this) we have the costumer service. There simply isn't one. I've addressed Muse Games with a question about driver compatibility and I was answered with an automatic message asking about my firewall ports. After replying that my problem wasn't internet related, I never got an answer back. I've been waiting for two months now (being unable to play the game) and nothing. Such disrespect is unacceptable with the gaming community."
76561198077355714,Not Recommended,608800,31595693,Posted: 6 May,all,Venomvine,icasrus is fun but I just do not think it is worth this much for ascetics and world map
,Recommended,608800,32182099,Posted: 4 June,all,gard.gasodden,"Its is veri gud game, And ikts a afun game to plpaty with friesnds."
76561198014303003,Recommended,608800,30939466,Posted: 4 April,all,BLAZEUS,"hi all,changed my reviewsorry im still putting this game in positive review, eventho i cant play it with 2 of my friendsits just not easy for us.playing the tutorial, its goodnice gameplay i thinkfor me im kinda disappointed :(well maybe not for you :Dgoodbye"
76561198009977049,Not Recommended,608800,30951760,Posted: 4 April,all,RG_Predator,Steam store lists this as single player. This was one of the larger selling points for me. There is absolutely no single player content aside from floating around on an empty map so you can fix your own ship or shoot the guns at nothing in particular. I feel like I was lied to and am considering a refund.
76561198053704209,Not Recommended,608800,31047428,Posted: 9 April,all,Ameizing,"Move along, its just the old game"
76561198071720482,Not Recommended,608800,30983224,Posted: 6 April,all,pyr0kid,if your not fine with playing the first game dont buy this. none of the new content is given to you at the start.
76561198126290226,Not Recommended,608800,31130085,Posted: 13 April,all,ken1zen,"I just wanted to try out this game but you can't play until you complete the tutorial.That doesn't sound so bad but the tutorial is pure punishment. It's like being in detention.""Fix the engines three times, put out 20 fires. you did it too slow, do it again.""OCD the game?"
76561198078831147,Not Recommended,608800,30975970,Posted: 6 April,all,Captain Slow,"disappointing,........................................................"
,Recommended,608800,35355390,Posted: 30 September,all,Storm Driver,"Very fun, very expansive, VERY BEAUTIFUL. Alliance was a good DLC expansion that I enjoy playing with friends and strangers alike. It's not so different from the main game asides from the new objective system in place. New tools and ships and weapons; new areas to explore and conquer. And fantastic battle-sequences that really drag you into the moment."
76561198086982633,Recommended,608800,35456432,Posted: 3 October,all,johannes_mirror,You always wanted to be a pirate or a pilot?Then this is exactly your game!
