user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198329163766,Recommended,611160,32123037,Posted: 1 June,all,Bald Bull,"If you liked Vanishing Realms, you will love this game...actually I find Karnage to be better than Vanishing in every aspect from its beautiful cavern environments to the enemies AI and not to mention the  boss fights which gets my blood pumping....this game is really fun....wait until you start the third stage...I was just staring at the outside environment in awe and didnt even notice the enemy approaching....you might encounter bugs but remember this is an early access and the devs need all our inputs to polish the game..  I loved this game......its a must buy for all adventure lovers...."
76561198039576623,Not Recommended,611160,31350500,Posted: 24 April,all,Devilgeek,"It hurts. It really does. Played Vanishing Realms, absolutely loved it. Then Karnage was announced, and I got really hyped for it. It unfortunately looks like they spent more time on their trailer than on the combat.Combat? Check.Awesome Environment? Check.RPG? Nope. Nothing to collect, nothing to buy, nothing to upgrade, and no skills whatsoever, cause you know, an RPG has none of those...Story? CheckMultiplayer...? NOPE. Not today, at least.Props to Nordic Trolls though, the game looks beautiful. You'll probably spend a bit of time staring at the environment. Can't complain about that at all... But that's about it.The game which clearly displays multiplayer doesn't actually have multiplayer. Why that trailer then? Good question.I'm going to leave locomotion as it is, because it's not as bad as some reviews make it.However, the combat is a big disappointment. If you're looking for a RPG with a good combat system, then this is not it at all. If you're looking for a VR Hack & Slash, then this is the game for you, because it's literally, all you're gonna do! Unless you decide that you want to be an Archer, then in that case, you're most likely going to be pulling that bow string... a lot.Moreover, there's no UI. But that's fair, you can do without. However, there is nothing to tell you what your health is. No symbol, no light, no number. Nothing.The AI is also a huge problem. They look like the AI from Age of Empires 2, where the enemies sit there, waiting for you to get close or to hit them unless there is a trigger that forces them towards you... Not a terribly smart AI. But when you do get into combat, oh boy! The damage that the enemies inflict in close combat is sometimes dealt before the animation is played.""How did I die?!""""Yes.""Furthermore, the music choice is difficult to understand. You start off the game with epic, adventure-esque music, and end the game with part dubstep, part orchestral music. If you want immersion, stick with one style, preferably one that fits your theme.Lastly, the game is NOT meant to be played alone. The final boss is extremely hard for what the game issince Wizards and extremely fast goblins spawn as well as the boss. In the end, you need a team, which is unfortunately advertised but not implemented.Ultimately, it's up to you if you want to buy the game. Yes it's pretty, but the mechanics are awful. It's playable, but you can just hold up your shield and flail your sword around. That is how basic the combat is. If you want to listen to people with 0.3 hours of gameplay, then go for it. But this game is not market ready. It is plain and simple, with nothing truly exciting.PS: the little sparks on the swords in the trailer don't actually happen. The swords just go through each other."
76561198066495675,Recommended,611160,31442699,Posted: 29 April,all,battlefield3joy,"The best hack n slash adventure experience I had in VR until now. Defeated the game in about 2 hours.WARNING BEFORE YOU BUY ESPECIALLY FOR THOSE WHO ARE EXPECTING TO GET AN RPG EXPERIENCE OUT OF THIS GAME :AT THIS POINT, I WOULDN'T CALL THIS GAME AN RPG. YOU WON'T FIND ITEMS, INVENTORY, SKILLS, QUESTS, ETC ETC AS YOU MIGHT EXPECT ON AN RPG GAME. FOR ME, THIS GAME IS AN ACTION ADVENTURE GAME.PROS :+ It's a NON wave shooter/slasher. It has stages where you have to walk from the starting point to the end+ Challenging Boss fights. Actualy the boss fight is kinda hard even in the easy level, and you need different strategy for each fight, which is a good thing for me+ Pretty visual. Just look at the screenshot on the store page.+ Enemy AI is quite good. They will try to go arround you to get you, so watch your back.+ It has story+ Great atmosphere+ Sword fighting mechanics is quite good. You can parry using your sword and shield.CONS :- Too short for now. It's still in EA stage, so let's just wait for any updates.- Mage class not presented. Only warrior and archer- I was looking for two handed weapon like longsword with no shield. But nowhere to be found. More weapon choice in the next update maybe?"
76561198043447148,Recommended,611160,31526984,Posted: 3 May,all,FloppyPenguin,"I wanna start this review off by saying, thank you to the developers for being active on communicating with the community. In this day and age in the VR games community, communication is absolutely critical. Now on to my actual review, the obvious direct competitor to this title is vanishing realms. We vr rpg fans pretty much collectively agree that, its the best rpg game to date. This is a simple fact that cannot be contested. However, I'm going to go out on a limb and say that Karnage chronicles has significantly more potential than every other rpg game to date. What I'm basing this off of, is the obvious things like Co-op gameplay, and loot drops, but the key difference is the eventual scale of the game. The devs seem to understand what the community really wants is long narratives, giant worlds (or atleast many different zones) to explore, and we want to get immersed in a world that doesn't end in 2 hours! So if we continue to support this title, I have faith that this will become one of the go-to rpg games for many years to come, not unlike zelda a link to the past but with the added benefits of up to 4 player co-op. So while at the moment it's unpolished, buggy, crashes often, and lacks the features it requires and promises, I have faith that the devs will deliver on this one. Don't let us down devs!"
76561198381853704,Recommended,611160,34534145,Posted: 27 August,all,drgreg88,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_jhXVD1ElAI remember back in the early 80's, sitting in my make shift space ship I made with boxes, blankets, a 9 inch black and white tv as my veiw screen and atari 2600, Playing Vangaurd and preteding I was really in my own space ship.  Games like this one make this old man feel like that again.   Karnage Chronicles totally immerses you in this fantasy world and lets you pretend.  This is what VR is all about.  After playing Vanishing Realms I didn't know if anyone was going to nail this whole thing down again.  Then Mage's Tale came along and I was feeling much better about things.  The Highly touted and hyped Soul Keeper was soon coming and I just couldn't wait to start another VR RPG adventure and then after it did,.. well I think we all know how that one turned out,. at least for now.   From the minute I entered into the menu screen of Karnage Chronicles I knew I was in for a treat.  Fanciful, colorful graphics that seemed to dance with life, immersive directional sound,. absolutley stellar voice acting,. seriously if you are looking for a good RPG dungeon crawler this is an absolute must for you library.Graphically this game is just great.  They have taken the more cartoonish route, with amazing lighting effects all of varying colors.  the particle effects and water effects are just great.  I would place it between the simple graphics of Vanishing Realms and the much more fleshed out detailed graphics of The Mage's Tale.  I just loved them.  I know some people prefer the more realistic look of Skyrim and the like but when I'm pretending I don't mind being a more cartoonish character.  The Sword and sheild look great and have a great feel to them.  The enemy models are wonderful and have some really nice smooth animations to them, the environments really pull you into this world, everything from the deep caves and caverns to the large outside areas with the waves and clouds really making you feel like you are there!  I really cannot find one thing I do not like about the graphics in this game.The sound is top notch.  The ambient sounds surrond you and give you a sense of depth to the environments, the sounds that your weapons make as they either hit an enemy, an enemy's sheild or weapon, the rocks around you,  your sheild, plants are all very satisfying.  The ambient music is also just great.  The songs just fit the levels you are in and are long enough they don't seem repetative and are not over powering at all drowning out the rest of the game play.  The only voice you run across is a narrator that gives you some back story about where you are when you come across certain cansiters and I just love his voice so much.  In VR sound is every bit as important as graphics and these guys just nailed it!One of the things I loved so much about Vanishing Realms, and was missing so much in The Mage's Tale was Sword play.  Well man does this game have it.  As I said before the weapons feel great in your hand, they have great haptics so you can feel them striking objects and not just enemies but rocks, and the ground and other weapons you have in your hand.  I squealed with joy in the tutorial when then gave me two glowing jade looking daggers and I smacked them together and they sparks and let out a good twang sound!  In this game you currently have the option of being a warrior or an archer and I believe a mage is in the works.  (the thought of multiplayer with one of each on the team makes me all tingley) each character has a melee and a range weapon.  I played as the warrior.  sword play feels so great.  the enemies AI respond well to your actions, doing a great job of countering your attaks.  It seems that the damage you do depends on where and how you hit the enemies which is so cool.  I noticed for instance that when I fought the wolves, I could certainly hurt them just hacking away at their heads (yes hacking,. no waggle in the wind here!) but if I waited till they jumped up at me and swung and sliced across their throats it about killed them in one hit.  feels so satisfying!  The ranged weapon for a warrior is a little one handed crossbow that you have to wind up with your free hand and it feels just great.  It does take some getting used to aiming though.  Fighting the archer enemies is pretty cool as well since they don't always shoot the same way and number of arrows.  once you think it's pretty easy to dodge them they shoot a lot faster or three arrows at once.  Oh and the arrows.  they stick in your sheild and you can cut them off with your sword, or if they stick in you you can grab them and pull them out of your chest!  its the little touches like that that just make this game shine.  The boss battles.  holy cow!  they are so fun and will totaly give you a workout!  This last boss I'm fighting,. which I'm afraid might be the last one for this current build, is just so fun.  My shoulder feels like it's going to fall off today. haha!  Puzzle wise there isn't really much to this game.  I think I ran across 2 puzzles in the 2.5 hours I've played this game and they were super obvious So this def isn't a game for people that are looking for deep puzzles.  That is something I would like to see more of.  Puzzles and maybe longer dungeons.  the dungeons are beautiful but they are also very short and you get through them way too quick.  As of writing this I have 2.5 hours in and think I might be at the end of chapter one.  I guess depending on how many chapters they are planning on doing that is a good amount of time, but I love this game so much I feel like I want more.  Also that is assuming that the first 3  portals are all that this build has.So in closing this game is great!  Graphics, sound, game play, it just knocks it out of the park.  Only things I would like to see is more puzzles with higher difficulty,  more variations of enemies, and longer dungeous.  but these are all things that are great and I just want more of!  also I have not played as an archer yet, and there are other difficulties I believe so  you will totally get your 24 dollars worth out of this title and really,. please support these guys because we really want to see more of this game!!!"
76561198352018094,Recommended,611160,31837428,Posted: 19 May,all,VROnly,"This game is off to a great start and it is getting better with every release! My kids and I had a great time with Vanishing Realms...but it was over pretty quickly and left us wanting more.  I heard about this game from a friend when it was first released.  The very first version looked amazing but there was still a lot of gameplay work to be done.  Played it again today with my son on ""easy"" difficulty and it is now amazing!  We had a great time exploring all the new stuff, collecting treasures, upgrading items and fighting the first couple boss monsters.  They have even added a few small mysteries to solve on the way!With the excellent additions brought in with the first couple updates I can't wait to see how this game grows and evolves...it is already definitely something I would recommend to anyone who likes that dungeon crawler feel.We didn't want to stop playing today to go to an amusement park on a sunny day.  This game is turning into something fantastic!Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,611160,31729441,Posted: 13 May,all,W I Z A R D | cesta.pw,"UPDATE!!With the latest hotfix all the crash issues is fixed, and the game runs really smooth for me. It's so nice to see how fast the devs are working at making the game even better. Only 3 weeks since release and already 3 very good patches. I'm very happy with this!I like this game! It's fast paced and keeps me on my toes. I've been following it for a while, wanting to wait a few patches before buying, and the latest patch bringing loot and gear did it for me. The new weapons are really awesome! For an Early Access game I find it polished and very promising. Sure, it crashes now and then, has a few bugs (but not many actually), but considering this is an Alpha version it is really high quality compared to a lot of other Early Access games I have tried.This is a game I can see turn into something truly amazing, and the devs are very active on the discussion boards as well.Keep up the good work, Trolls!"
76561198024088656,Recommended,611160,31729013,Posted: 13 May,all,epsonjones,"This game is fun.Melee combat with sword and shield involves reading enemy attack telegraphs and positioning the shield appropriately to block. Attacks need oomph to count and can be parried by the enemy. I'm not sure why other reviewers complain of a lack of depth.The lastest update improved CPU performance significantly, just days after I'd complained about it on the forums. Maybe just lucky timing, but seemed like really responsive devs. It's still not 100% smooth on my i5-6500, but I bet they will keep at it.This update also added the beginings of RPG elements that others had bemoaned the lack of: collecting loot and buying upgraded gear. Looking forward to what they come up with next."
76561197973625115,Recommended,611160,31381873,Posted: 26 April,all,umf_stevew,"I enjoyed the game and if the developer keeps their word and brings multi player and rpg elements to the game I think it'll be a solid experience.Currently, it may be a little short for the price tag but I'm hopeful the dev team will come through.Combat isn't perfect but before you complain about sword wiggling,  just don't do it. You can play as fast or slow as you'd like. No one is forcing you to shake your sword around like a little ♥♥♥♥♥.  That said, I'll agree that combat refinement would improve the experience immensely.I can't imagine what it's like trying to design a solid system for melee combat in VR. I don't think anyone has nailed it, even if Vanishing Realms has made a decent attempt.Keep up the hard work, I believe this will be one of the better titles if the devs come through.If they don't,  well I guess I should've known better. Truth is buying in EA is a huge gamble and most of us who've played for any number of years know that."
,Recommended,611160,31348096,Posted: 24 April,all,Rofereox,"This game is a dungeon crawler very similar to Vanishing Realms but with more 'serious' graphics (which look fabulous)Pros:+It's fun+Offers two relatively distinct classes (warrior with sword+shield and crossbow, and archer with longbow and dual daggers)+You can sprint aswell as teleport+ little things like cutting arrows off your shield are a nice touchCons:- Combat is a little clunky (I'm getting mowed down by arrows and wolves! >_< )- No mage classOverall I'd recommend this game, but would highly recommend that the devs lower the difficulty just a little! (and please give us a spellcaster class! n_n)"
76561198107092007,Recommended,611160,33248778,Posted: 4 July,all,Sovngarde,"this game is difficult right off the bat.  the first boss is difficult to beat until you gear up a bit, so farming is a must.  second boss is way to f*ing easy.  the creators need to revisit that boss and tweak it a bit.  i can kill it in 2 arrows, poorly done.  the third boss i actually like though.  has a challenging environment and a boss with actual mechanics.  HERE IS THE REAL CRAPPY PART!  all the enemies are both challenging and balanced until the ""third act"" as i would call it.  i mean crap the dagger trolls are broken as f**K.  since when can daggers magically go throuhg a shield while blocking.....like 70% of the time.  same goes for the swordsman troll, when he swings his sword up and you place your shield to block the game says FU and hits you anyways.So...Overall the game isnt half bad.  I mean it has nothing on Vanishing Realms ( you know you guys dont got crap on that, at least yet) but the combat is enjoyable up till the third act.  look, I would have hands down reccommended this game if not for the total crap fest going on in act 3.  I don't want to give it a thumbs down because i think it will get better ( you guys better prove me right) but until these glitches get fixed on act 3, your better off waiting to play it.  otherwise you'll think all high and mighty of it and then refuse to play it again when you reach it.well looks like i need to choose a thumb.  sorry but that act 3 is so horrible right now."
76561198003316479,Recommended,611160,31735339,Posted: 13 May,all,#IAm.MoreThanMyCommentHistory,"Only 3 hours in and just opened access to the third portal. I don't know whose champions are being referred to when the voiceovers talk about ""His"" champions, and I'm not sure who this ""He"" is that is referenced when the voiceover briefly talks about Lady Death taking some kind of interest in during level 2...The voiceovers seem nonsensical, but maybe they are just brought to our attention so that we know there is a He and She that have people who are working for Them (as pleges).I don't particularly mind that, though. It helps make the game feel a little less lonely, which is nice. I haven't tried the archer yet, I've only been playing the warrior but have finally been able to purchase all the upgrades from the equipment shop as door 3 unlocked.When fighting canine enemies, I really you would re-examine the types of sound files that play. Canine enemies seem to have only one sound, a yelp. When a canine makes a yelp like that, I don't think it'd be attacking back but I haven't seen enough random dog encounters that lead to biting to be sure. The type of yelp that plays now sounds like the canine enemy would probably be considering running for its life, but they don't. They just keep yelping as you cut them to shreds. . .  maybe they need a growling sound that plays when they're attacking, and that whimper sound can play as they keel over and die. or just remove canine enemies altogether?I like how the combat feels as of version 0.5.7.3. I didn't play before this version, so I can't contrast at depth, but the way it plays now feels pretty good. I don't feel like I can just waggle my wand to win. It feels like I should surround myself with goblins with my back against a virtual wall, and make large swaths with my sword across all of them at once. I also appreciate the roguelike implementation where you just respawn enemies but you don't also respawn environmental junk loot, or you randomize it on death? I can't tell, but it's varied enough for me to feel like repetition of a level to reach and defeat its boss is not an insurmountable or menial task.I'm glad I picked up this game. I'm interested in seeing how it will look after early access."
76561198272885082,Recommended,611160,31741333,Posted: 14 May,all,Timbo Meowy,"Stepping into a frozen wasteland, I take on my first enemies as an archer, switching to my daggers I take down my first goblin in a flurry of swipes, he falls to the floor vanquished, but I take an arrow to the face from the goblin I didn't see, I pull the arrow out of my eye with a satisfying ""squelch""and release a volley of arrows at my attacker, only to be ravaged by a wolf!Honestley, this is one of my first VR experiences, and I have to say I'm blown away. For a game currently in early access I can't wat to see what is coming next. I managed to get to level 2 and upgrade some of my equipment, a nice set of twin blade daggers, but I want that bow next!Pros- Amazing visuals, some of the best I've seen on any VR title- Satisfying combat, needs a little work but it feels satisfying to chop through enemies, ranged combat is perfect- Audio, some really great music and narration- RPG elements that leave me wanting more- difficulty, it's very hard, but it gives me that ""one more try"" vibe that other titles are lackingCons- Crashes, I had a few crashes in game, nothing a reload didn't fix, but I hope this gets fixed- Hand to hand combat needs a little workOverall I'd reccoment this game for anyone wanting an epic experience, it's a great game to show friends, as it really shows what a VR game can look like, even in it's current early access state!9/10 - would get shot in the face againEdit: After the hotfix, I have yet to experience any crases! Great work devs!"
,Recommended,611160,34297344,Posted: 16 August,all,oneterribleidea,"Overview:LOVE IT!Pros:This game is an example of a well-done Early Access title.It is well done, even in it's current state. The level design is simplistic, but well done. Despite being mostly linear, it doesn't feel underwhelming in it's delivery. I think it is a fine example of a taste of what future VR RPGs will deliver to us.I very much look forward to continued content, including levels, mobs, classes, and items.Would recommend this title to anyone with a desire to play VR RPGs.Con:Price is a bit hefty for the level of content. However, that being said, I do look forward to future additions to make this game feel like a $24.99 title - and I am confident it will be delivered!Side Note:I think we should all expect more from VR titles than we currently do. We ought not become complacent and feel that a VR experience is limited to 4-6 hours gameplay, and should some with a $50-$60 price tag. This is a game that could potentially break this mold and offer us more content than we are used to, more replayability potential, and a merited $25 price tag."
76561198151565064,Recommended,611160,32747896,Posted: 24 June,all,I am bread...:),"Karnage Chronicles is a fantastic game. It is the best VR game I have ever played, and I have played a lot of VR games. This game does so much correct. Not only does it have outstanding visuals, but great gameplay! 2 classes with diffirent gear that can be upgraded with coins you collect from killing enemies and finding in the dungeon. The combat is great and feels very realistic. Amazing atmosphere. The dungeon is amazing, so many details and colours. Collecting coins is very good, it just adds more to the game and it feels more polished. It's simply more content. And when you can use it on upgrades it makes sense to collect them too, so you don't have the feeling of doing stuff without a reason. You can choose difficulty levels. And when it comes to the challenge part of the game, Karnage Chronicles is on point! Not to challenging or frustrating and not too easy as well because that can be boring. Going around exploring and surviving in this beautiful dungeon is so much fun! This game is early access too, so it's more great content to come! I have so much more to say about this game, but you probably don't want to spend your whole day reading this review ;) I recommend this to everyone with a VR headset. This is a must have. Do yourself a favour and buy this game."
76561198345564609,Recommended,611160,31505010,Posted: 2 May,all,xiaot,"I finally got to try Karnage Chronicle on steam and thought the Dev did a decent job.I first got to try out the game at GDC when i stumbled upon their booth and left a great impression on me.I read through a lot of the other reviews, in all honesty i think people compare this game to vanishing realm too much.To be fair and on a standalone basis, I think the game deserves more credit than what people currently say it is. Here is my own assessment of the game.Pros:- The graphic is very polished and you can tell the dev spent considerable amount  of time coming up with the environment, weapon and creatures-I liked the archery class and the ability to switch to knife for close comabt.- The crossbow mechanic is kind of cool but not as effective as the bow- the sound and music is done quite well and provides that level of immersion-Teleportation locomotion looks quite smooth, i dont use the track pad locmotion anywayCons- no healthbar for both player and creature- the game content is relatively short for the current price tag but I suspect the dev will add more content- No multiplayer yet but understand this is in the pipeline- The level seem short and lacked the open world feeling of RPG but still great achievement compared to what's currently available on the marketI think overall, there was a lot of hype around this game and the first version didn't quite meet the expectation. But I liked that the dev is responsive and is giving a clear roadmap to improvements being made. Overall I think this game does demonstrate the potential of RPG game and does provide something different to Vanishing Realm. With couple more patch hopefully it will give a even more satisfying play experience. Good job for now."
,Recommended,611160,32966609,Posted: 28 June,all,if2019,This game is what VR is all about.  Its is alot of fun and looks great.  I am very excited for the future of this game and its dev.   It is worth every penny and I love the ability to choose what movement i use and a simple thing such as righty or lefty makes it so much more enjoyable.  If its this good in EA I cant wait to see what its like in full release.
,Recommended,611160,31365847,Posted: 25 April,all,PaulKemp,"I really like Karnage. It has awesome graphics, a good atmosphere, great lore and it super hard. I was amazed when I first stepped in to this fantasy world. The quality level and attention to details comes across imidiately. Look at the warriors crossbow, or the gloves of the archer and you will know what I mean. This game shows a lot of promise, but it is currently lacking some things that will make it a lot better, like: coop, xp, loot, a health bar (!) and spellcasters. Its hard alone, but hopefuylly the devs will fine tune the skill, and bow reload times (spoler, they are faster than you), of the enemys. All in all it shows great potential.Pros:Awesome graphicsLore heavyGreat attention to detailCons:No coopThe wolves are silent, UNTIL they are in your face.No loot or magic itemsCannot shoot mushrooms with bow / crossbow"
76561197972870127,Recommended,611160,33168197,Posted: 2 July,all,SADGAMERDAD,"This game is really impressive for early access. It has full locomotion, great feeling mechanics that let you wield dual weapons and great music and sound effects to create an immersive atmosphere.  Pretty polished for this stage of development."
76561198059069181,Recommended,611160,31838929,Posted: 19 May,all,Eldanon,"The game is already great with a ton of potential and an active developer who listens to the community. The graphics are nothign short of STUNNING. The most beautiful environments I've tried in any VR game. Just walking around and gazing at all the moving fantastic flora is a treat. There's both teleportation and sliding movement which is nice. The devs are changling the sliding movement to be like Onward's in the next patch which is great.There are currently two classes with different weapons - warrior & archer. At the moment archer feels underpowered but the combat is supposed to be getting a lot of tweaks in the near future. The game is currently pretty hard but levels have checkpoints that allow you to restart from the most recent one.The devs listened to feedback and added looting/upgrading weapons and armor in the latest patch which is a very welcome addition. The weapons feel significantly different, for example the original warrior crossbow has a crank that has to be cranked after each shot and the more you crank the further the bolt goes. The upgraded crossbow instead can fire up to 5 shots without having to re-crank but they don't go as far.Overall, this is already a VERY fun but challenging game. The devs seem very commited to further improvement with plans for improved locomotion, tweaked combat, additional items etc. If you enjoyed Vanishing Realms, I HIGHLY recommend this one."
,Recommended,611160,31374908,Posted: 26 April,all,inovisio,"The game looks very promising. A lot of people see mismatch in what is there right now and the price, but I guess the price reflects what they envision to have soon, so this way it makes more sense. I hope devs don't give up improving it."
76561198123581839,Recommended,611160,31724634,Posted: 13 May,all,vidledoux,"[edited to say that I just tried it with the new onward-like locomotion (to be clear, this games defaults to teleportation), and it's an incredibly awesome game. Just sucked me in and I played until I got killed by the first boss. This game rocks in terms of vr rpgs. Combat is typical of other vr-sword games- not exactly lifelike, but good enough to to be compelling. I cannot emphasize how awesome the art is in this. Has excellent lighting, just beautiful dripping ponds, glowing crystals. I have to delete my old review, which was complimentary about the art style. but very butthurt about the locomotion implementation. They fixed it, and it's awesome. I loved Vanishing Realms when it first came out, adored finally getting in virtual swordfights and wandering through dungeons. But I really didn't like teleportation. I loved Spell Fighter, loved its sense of scale, it's locomotion, the AI combat, but didn't like the unsightly art. This game combines the best of both, but just has really far superior, beautiful art/atmosphere. And because those things multiply immersion it puts this game in another league."
76561197998450663,Recommended,611160,31868882,Posted: 20 May,all,Fleeb,"This one has a lot of potential. I haven't gotten into it very far, but I've been very impressed with what I've seen. Beautiful game! Love the colors and level design so far. Good work, Nordic Trolls!"
76561198045145848,Recommended,611160,34153556,Posted: 10 August,all,<3,"This is the first VR game I've played where tactfully waiting and striking at the right moment actually matters! This is true in both melee combat AND archery. You have to be precise with where you are aiming, because the hitboxes are based on the position of shields and weapons that the enemies carry. Forget all these tech demos that have been released recently where waving your sword around like a baffoon does more damage than actually fighting! Karnage Chronicles solves this by telegraphing enemy attack patterns (of which there are MANY), and giving you a chance to respond to enemy behaviors logically and on the fly.The game definitely felt different for the two classes, and it was clearly made that way on purpose. With the bow, I would cautiously approach corners and defensively back peddle and fire precision shots. With the sword and board, I would run right up to the enemy, wait for an opening with my sword, and dish out my justice!Overall, I think this game was worth the money. I have since showed it to many friends, and many laughs have been had!"
76561198009128737,Recommended,611160,33445402,Posted: 10 July,all,@eSportsMonies,"This is my favorite VR title to date.I have an Oculus Rift CV1 with Touch Controllers, and I have played a handful of VR RPGs, shooting games (such as Robo Recall), and like 20 non-VR games through VorpX. I started playing this game before the Oculus had native support (using Vive controls) and it felt pretty solid though awkward at times (I was not using full roomscale). After Oculus support was added I could not get the Oculus control/view scheme to load correctly. I am not new to using a computer or Googling around incessently. It took me around 7 hours before I finally gave up and posted on the dev forums on Steam. The Art Director and the CEO personally talked me through the problem for over two straight hours before it finally worked. This was one of my favorite VR titles before the developers personally walked me through my issues, and after running it in native Oculus mode it is my favorite VR title.Pros:Melee combat feels responsive if a bit odd at times. I think melee combat is inherently hard to balance, but this feels pretty good. It makes me feel as if I actually need to care about both my defense and my offense.Ranged combat is solid as can be for both classes.Multiplayer coming in the future, which I am hype as can be about.Multiple difficulty settingsUpgradable gear sets (there is a reason to care about the gold you collect throughout missions, it is not just your score)Solid narrative throughout the game, its the first game that I have played since Dark Souls where I came because I wanted action and ended up caring about the lore surrounding the game. It is on the minimalist side for now, but the effort that the developers have gone into giving bits of knowledge about the game's universe so far make me more than cautiously optimistic.Cons:Only three levels so far, though I believe there are plans for more. I know that there are plans to expand the three current levels, and if they were each significantly larger with multiplayer I think it more than justifies the price (especially when you consider three tiers of difficulty).Ranged combat (at least with my crossbow) is a little less forgiving than an FPS. I need to steady my crossbow hand with my free hand because I shake slightly."
76561198195375885,Recommended,611160,33777935,Posted: 24 July,all,Silenthillvictim,"NOTE: I have only played the first level of the game and have only played for about an hour, so far. That being said, I do have a few thoughts and suggestions for the devs, to improve the game! Here is my little review (so far):The looks beautiful and feels immersive, I like the way you smash clay pots and pick up the coins for loot. I am frustrated with combat though. I am playing as the Warrior and I feel like the crossbow takes way too long to wind back up to shoot again, because the enemies get to keep shooting back at you really fast and with the crossbow out, you can't hold a shield to defend yourself, because you have to wind it back up....it's a frustrating situation, not the most ideal. Also, when fighting enemies head-on, they don't feel like they take much damage. I was playing on Normal difficulty. The enemies feel ""spongy"", like you don't feel like you're really making hard contact with them, when you hit them. You tend to get bombarded with many enemies and killed very quickly. There needs to be better drops or more of them, scattered throughout the world. Also, I got to the boss of the first level and it's damn near impossible. It's like this huge Phoenix bird and it runs after you really fast in this confined space and then spits acid at you, so you have to keep moving and it's impossible to wind up your crossbow, because you have no time to reload, because you're constantly getting shot at and there's all these bees that fly around and spit acid at you, too. You can barely even attack during this fight, because you're getting attacked so heavily. I died every single time i tried to fight it. Last but not least, the option for locomotion movement is not ideal. You have to hold both of the grip buttons down WHILE you press down and use the touch pad and point. It's so wonky. I would HIGHLY suggest that he devs  just use Pavlov or Raw Data style of Locomotion movement. That would be so much better. It would make movement and evading attacks so much quicker and easier and more seamless. Just touch the touch pad and slide forward really fast and just point where you want to go. I know I probably seem like I hate the game, but I don't. I actually think it's really awesome and has a ton of potential! I just think these are all things that the devs could work on to improve the game! Thank you so much for your time! I highly recommend everyone with a HTC Vive or compatible VR HMD (Headset) to buy this game!"
,Recommended,611160,33567666,Posted: 15 July,all,RxStud,"This game is fun, but a little short for the price. I'd pay for it again though and say it's worth it. The atmosphere is beautiful, 3 levels, 2 classes. Combat felt fluid, trackpad locomotion, and a real rpg feel. I really hope they make more levels!"
76561198115803196,Recommended,611160,32247996,Posted: 7 June,all,nossforra2,This is so far the absolute best VR Duengon crawler yet. From start to finish i can not recommend it enough.  The Melee combat is thoughtful and well done. the Archeree could be tighter but lord knows im no Catibree Battlehammer lol. I Feel like i am in a Dungeon on an adventure and look forward to where it goes from here . I Would like to see some varity in the world space and enemy type but if they quit working on it right now if feel i got my moneys worth.
76561198147410487,Recommended,611160,31350974,Posted: 24 April,all,Rebel Phoenix Games,"Folks.... I really like it. I've been watching the tweets and conference announcements for awhile and was pleasantly excited to see the Early Access open today. Niiiice.So, as far as playability goes... I didn't have too much trouble getting into the game. The tutorial was straight-forward and before I knew it, I was fighting my way thru the first cavern as an Archer. I felt completely immersed from the first fight on. Within a few encounters, I was dodging, side-stepping, strafing, and switching weapons - fully engaged. There were rough edges but nothing that made me think this shouldn't be early access.Overall, it was a rad trip into that world and I felt like a warrior. The physicality of the game felt good... like I felt compelled to (really) be in a battle stance. After a couple traps, I started to pay attention more around each corner. The speed felt a tad fast, but I adjusted fairly quickly.Keep up the good work. I think you guys have great momentum behind this game and when you polish the edges, and ESPECIALLY when you unlock the CO-OP, this game will be a BIG hit."
,Recommended,611160,33101431,Posted: 1 July,all,Nomad,really fun game plenty of action very few bugs that ifound  could not find any potians thught they had slots for them but great game
76561198152614689,Recommended,611160,33486203,Posted: 12 July,all,prevo445,Best vr gamne I have played.. It feels like a real rpg
,Recommended,611160,34004200,Posted: 3 August,all,Xeros,"This game is fantastic.  It has a great combination of teleport + trackpad locomotion that works very well together. I'm not a super fan of the armor avatar that shows where you're going to end up, but it far less invasive than I've seen in other games. But it's by far one of the better VR dungeon crawlers on steam. Highly recommend.Pros: Good Graphics, Fantastic Voice Acting, Very Good Controls and Game mechanics.Cons: Short - only 3 levels so far, two of the end bosses have you turning in circles which twists the cable on the Vive."
76561197969880686,Recommended,611160,34725923,Posted: 3 September,all,MB Geek,"UPDATE - with the advise of one of the devs, I can change my review to a positive.  While I'm still against the enemy archers being able to shoot so fast (slowed to about the speed you could fire but more accurate then they are now would be appropriate) and some goofy fights where you can't hit a goblin with a shield and they can't hit you (so you stand there toe to toe waving your sword frantically) after doing a little grinding and getting some better weapons and armor got me past the first boss (if the bees stayed in sword height range this fight would still be tough but not frustrating) and now the game has become as I wanted ... FUN ... but still turning out to be a good game.**************************************As much as I want to like the game, I can't recommend it.  The hit detection is wonky, the enemy archers can spam arrows sillly fast, blocking is (no pun intended) hit or miss and the boss on the first level would be hard enough as you flail at it like a lunatic but there are bees spitting at you while you try to fight it and they tend to be out of range of your sword.It just makes the game not fun ... and VR should be fun"
76561198007244034,Recommended,611160,33895987,Posted: 29 July,all,Adders,"This is the best fantasy RPG VR game available.Graphics are good, it's challenging, enemies actually put up a fight, dodge etc. Only 2 classes available now, and only 3 levels but more is coming and it's already sufficiently challenging for some good, long playthroughs on different difficulty settings."
,Recommended,611160,32210768,Posted: 5 June,all,Skalhen,"Onwards locomotion, awesome environments, great voiceacting, perfect artstyle for vr, the most immersed ive been in vr for a couple of months now, lore, and shockingly enough the combat feels great since the combat 1 update... which is when i bought the game, so no idea how it was before. i tried vanishing realms again a couple of hours earlier today, and i liked karnage chronicles more. i have finnished vanishing realms about a year ago. had to mention that game because everyone compares this to it. im convinced this game will dethrone vanishing realms(which no longer gets ano updates, while this is regularly updated) for me it already has."
,Recommended,611160,32096032,Posted: 31 May,all,Zombie Jesus,"This game has already come quite a ways in the short time since its release and has a lot of great things in development. The game looks gorgeous, and I have not run into any performance issues so far. The combat could us a few improvements, but is still pretty solid. My one major complaint has been the locomotion system (it's a pain having to hold the grip button while using the touch pad to move), but this is being improved in the next patch. Overall, I find the game very enjoyable and am definitely excited for the potential this game has. Keep up the awesome work guys!"
76561197990014367,Recommended,611160,32404937,Posted: 14 June,all,WombatHammer,"Excellent game well worth the cost of entry. Looking forward to where you go with it. Hopefully more classes.Works fine on Oculus once you set it to Windows 7 compatability.Full Oculus support will be great once you have it ready, controls work ok with Touch but take a little bit to work it out atm due to the fact that Vive is currently the prefered platform."
76561198013731210,Recommended,611160,31348679,Posted: 24 April,all,chicanoterp01,"love this game so far...If you liked vanishing realms then you are sure to enjoy this one.  Unlike what the other reviews have stated i dont find the difficulty to be overwhelming, you just have to plan out your pulls and not just charge in...i have found the first boss to be difficult and have repeatedly died, but i like a challenge and just need to find the right strategy.  must buy"
,Not Recommended,611160,32858721,Posted: 27 June,all,Senatic,"Earlier reviews said if I loved Vanishing realms I'll love this. I have to disagree and it comes down to the quality of the core gameplay loop. Despite reports of the fighting not being as good as it should I decided to give it a try. I only spent about 15min with it and immeadiately realized what the talk was about. The enemies are very floaty and don't seem to have any weight to them, animations are super fast and parrying doesn't really feel like parrying. As an example, in vanishing realms when you parry a strike with a shield or a sword you can clearly see and feel that impact by the animations, sound feedback and the weight of the characters. That doesn't happen here, it feels like fighting air and that is a shame because it's a good looking game and the initial narration got my interest up. I decided to refund however as I knew the combat just won't be good enough to keep me interested.Maybe I'll revisit the game later when it comes out of early access but for now the issues with the combat are at such a deep level I do not suggest buying this unless you're doing so simply to support the development of the game and don't expect to have much fun playing the product in the current state. The game sure has potential so it's a game I'll keep my eye on and hopefully I can change this review in the future."
,Not Recommended,611160,31349347,Posted: 24 April,all,Bygrace,"I own 82 VR titles and have played plenty of RPG/Dungeon Crawlers. Karnage Chronicles is one of the only VR titles I can't recommend in its current state.Analysis:The visuals are great and the atmosphere are top notch, but the combat, locomotion settings, and AI are lacking at this time. The bow mechanics aren't fluid and the vibrations don't match the combat well. Mobs stand in certain locations and can be easily killed from a distance with a bow without any AI interactions. The combat is only challenging due to the number of mobs the game spawns. The game hopes to rush the player and kill them due to sheer numbers, not by playstyle and AI mechanics.The AI mechanics look good on the surface, but most mobs just do a simple twirl or step back. Also, the number of hits to kill a mob doesn't seem to be normalized and getting headshots seem to make no difference in the combat.The locomotion settings are very poor in this game. The trackpad movement is way too fast and can't be controlled easily and the teleporting requires a long press, which is not consistent with other titles that use teleporting.I was super pumped for this game and I understand that it is early access, but at this time I would highly recommend other dungeon-esque games like Trickster VR and the quests in Rec Room. I hope the developers take a close look at the AI/combat in the game and tune it for a more natural feel. I think Karnage Chronicles will become a great game and has a great core, but at this time I can't recommend it for the asking price."
,Recommended,611160,31392798,Posted: 27 April,all,Shadow,"Not quite there but a good enough turn around to warrant another look at the game.https://youtu.be/h2AyQj5rFv4The game is still pretty expensive for what's there but if the Trolls continue to put regular updates to the game it could balance out the price. This and the lack of promised multiplayer are the biggest reasons not to pick the game up. To be honest, those are some pretty big shortcomings.The good: The combat has a better feel to it now. It seems like the Warrior needs to block attacks with his shield to create openings to attack. There still seems to be collision detection issues with the shield at times if the enemy reaches too far through the shield it will still count as a hit.The Archer, once I started playing him more offensively and stopped trying to parry attacks, felt good too. Very fast paced and stabby.It's still no Vanishing Realms but overall though, it felt much better than my first run through.I liked the store idea but I wish there were more options rather than just a single upgrade for each piece of gear.Locomotion options! Thank you for adding in locomotion options! There are now 3 different presets that should cover everyone's preference. Not only were there more options but the trackpad locomotion is now orientated off the controller instead of the HMD and in general felt much smoother and more comfortable.The waggle has been removed! You now need to swing a short distance and at a specific speed to trigger any damage. If you don't meet both criteria you will do 0 damage.The primary reason for my previous negative review was that combat just felt bad. With the current build the combat does feel a lot better. The fact that they've listened to feedback and have pushed out several updates since my original review also goes a long way towards turning the review around. They definitely have more to work on but I'd say it's in a decent spot now. If the game had launched into EA in this state it would have been better received. It's still rough enough to warrant the EA tag but as long as they keep up the regular updates this could be worth picking up.-----------------------------------------------------Original Review below for reference:-----------------------------------------------------Karnage Chronicles aims to follow in the footsteps of the very well received Vanishing Realms. While I am a huge fan of Vanishing Realms. I found Karnage Chronicles to just be so-so...https://youtu.be/AtOEdygNSYgThe problem lies in the combat. Vanishing Realms combat was challenging. Enemy AI had some tricks (animations) that they would use (randomly select) that could get around your guard. This made sword and board combat both challenging and interesting. In an Action RPG, combat is pretty much everything! If you mess up combat you're toast.For trash mobs, the seemingly most effective strat was to waggle at them as waggly as I could. I didn't feel as though I could effectively parry enemies attacks, though that could just be lack of practice. Even if it is lack of practice I would argue that as a poor design decision that combat is not quick to pick up and understand. There's a fine line between deep, difficult to master combat and a frustrating lump of waggle-fest.Boss combat on the other hand was frustrating in a good way! It was challenging and gave a feeling of accomplishment once I finally downed the boss. If that feeling translated over to the trash mobs better, I think I'd have a very different review.Locomotion. Everyone loves locomotion.Karnage Chronicles does a poor job of letting you know there are two forms of locomotion. Both teleport and a unique trackpad locomotion that I'm not a fan of.Teleport works as you'd expect. I liked the silhouette that was placed at the destination. It makes it easier to judge where to place yourself for interacting with the world.The trackpad locomotion was not Onward style. It was oriented based off the HMD position though you could still strafe with the trackpad as long as your gaze was fixed.The biggest issues were that to activate the trackpad you had to hold down the grips on the same controller. This tightens up your hand and you lose some finesse/precision in your trackpad movements. The trackpad being extremely sensitive and jerky didn't help matters.The other major issue is that swapping weapons is bound to the same trackpad. So if your grip slips off the grip button or you manage to hit the trackpad for whatever reason without the grip pressed, intending to move, you will instead drop your weapons. This is a deadly mistake and easier to do in the heat of combat than you'd think.A better control scheme would have been for locomotion to be on the left with teleport either on the left trackpad click or on of the right trackpads quadrant clicks, leaving the other quadrants for weapon swapping.Ultimately, it's about damn time we got key mapping for our Vive controllers. I know what would be comfortable to me. It's probably not comfortable for the guy next to me, they want something else. Lets go ahead and continue the tradition of having the option to rebind controller actions.Aside from the gripes, the game was pretty. Again, I draw similarities to Vanishing Realms but where Vanishing Realms looks a bit washed out, Karnage Chronicles looks to be a bit more color saturated.The voice acting was pretty good as well. Not great but decent enough that I want to hear more of the story.For now I think you're better off waiting and watching. Check back in after a major patch or two. I'll be setting the game aside until then as well.TL;DR: Wait for a few updates to land and then revisit. Combat really needs some tweaking."
76561198313039660,Recommended,611160,33205581,Posted: 3 July,all,g.poubelle,"In it's early state (June 2017) Karnage Chronicles is more of a FPS then a RPG : The advanced RPG elements haven't been added yet.But it's gaze based teleportation is already superior to any of the usual thumbstick based teleportations, and it also supports FREE LOCOMOTION (including strafing, sprinting, and separate head/body rotations), which combined leaves ~100% of the competing locomotion mechanics IN THE DUST."
76561198045238681,Recommended,611160,32460467,Posted: 15 June,all,Dr. Freeman,Awesome game! Really looking forward to opening that 4th portal and more upgrades!- Visually stunning- Well optimised- Locomotion options- Classes for playback
,Recommended,611160,32659817,Posted: 22 June,all,sixthLEGION,"This game is outstanding.Pros:1. Warrior or Archer options (can we get a mage!?)2. Enemies that interact fairly well. They will dodge and block melee or ranged attacks)3. Great environment. Colorful, polished world. One of the best I've seen in a VR game.4. Cool enemies. I think they look cool. Fair amount of detail in them.5. Movement choices - the artificial locomotion works well.Cons:1. Enemy pathing is rough at times. They will often get stuck in a back and forth loop.I recommend this game as a MUST HAVE for VR. This shows what VR gaming can be instead of your basic, overdone wave shooter."
76561197962041588,Recommended,611160,32212204,Posted: 5 June,all,Lance from Texas,"Very well done..and thanks for ""onward"" style locomotion I'm not a teleporter.. lol.. graphics and sound are top notch.... a bug I knoticedthe banner in the armory is detached form the rodmy only gripe is  , I would like locomotion without having to hold the grip key, other than that great job guys!"
76561198360877777,Recommended,611160,34882495,Posted: 11 September,all,5009craig,"Absolutely love the atmospherics and the AI and combat are great.  Probably overpriced, but still worth the buy.  Played till the 3rd Boss on easy.  When you kill the Boss, he recharges 100% health from a crystal in the ceiling that was not effected by crossbow arrows, so it becomes a cycle of kill and recharge.  Other than that strange combat, the game was above average!"
76561197986593019,Recommended,611160,34896684,Posted: 12 September,all,Zerosin,"Very entertaining!. Great control and RPG ideas. will make you swet on harder difficulty,  with the multupayer this will be a must have for the vive. hope they keep pushing graphics and differnt terrain."
,Recommended,611160,34686349,Posted: 2 September,all,SpoW,It's one of the best game for VR!! I hope to continue  good work and give us the ultimate experience RPG!!! :)
76561197997194997,Not Recommended,611160,33936544,Posted: 31 July,all,paul_orlando,"I really hate to give this a negative review as it is beautiful, but it just isn't very fun, and it's kind of frustrating. Especially with the warrior and crossbow, it feels like work and takes forever to kill a ranged creature.  Maybe if they fix some things I will try it again, but for now I played for an hour and really didn't like it."
,Not Recommended,611160,34780798,Posted: 6 September,all,foobarto,"Pros: Very nice looking game with fighting mechanics that just feels right.Cons: Usually I don't get sick while playing VR games (I run around in Gunhart for example w/o issues for hours), here after 30min I couldn't play any longer.Not that it matters much as at this time there's about 15min of gameplay and two classes so 30min total.(actually I stand corrected, there's more than 30min gameplay)Buy it only if you want to support the developers and you like what you see right now. I'll keep coming back to this game but as long as I'll be getting sick playing it I can't really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,611160,31351091,Posted: 24 April,all,SlurpyDurpy,Yea this is nothing like Vanishing realms. The game plays like an unpolished turd. Combat is awful. The story telling is pretty good and graphics are nice. However this game is not worth 30$ no where near that amount.
76561197995483504,Not Recommended,611160,31349803,Posted: 24 April,all,disruptor2k5,"I CAME INTO THIS WITH HIGH HOPES. EVERYONE COMPARING IT TO ONE OF MY FAVS, VANISHING REALMS ... BUT ITS NOT EVEN AS COOL. YES THE GRAPHICS ARE NEAT. BUT. THE COMBAT SUCKS. THERE IS NOT LOOTING, OR INVENTORY LIKE VR. ITS JUST WALK AND SLASH WALK AND SLASH. NO GOLD OR SECRETS, I WISH IT WAS LIKE VANISHING REALMS BUT ITS JUST NOT. SRRY MAYBE WITH A LOT MORE WORK IT COULD BECOME AWSOME BUT FOR NOW ID HOLD OFF ON COMPARING IT TO ANY OF THE VR GREATS ATM."
,Not Recommended,611160,33572617,Posted: 15 July,all,Corrosion,meh...
